Lives saved by teachers, custodian and even children - U.S. News





 
MSN
Hotmail

More

Autos
My MSN
Video
Careers & Jobs
Personals
Weather
Delish
Quotes
White Pages
Games
Real Estate
Wonderwall
Horoscopes
Shopping
Yellow Pages
Local Edition
Traffic
Feedback
Maps & Directions
Travel
Full MSN Index


Bing 

 

NBCNews.com
sites & shows:
TODAY
Nightly News
Rock Center
Meet the Press
Dateline
msnbc
Breaking News
EveryBlock
Newsvine

 
Home
US
World
Politics
Business
Sports
Entertainment
Health
Tech & science
Travel
Local
Weather



Advertise | AdChoices 







Recommended: Man pleads guilty to abandoning 30 animals at out-of-business pet store
Recommended: After school shooting, quiet Newtown wonders, 'How can we be protected from people like this?'
Recommended: Vigils, services honor Connecticut school shooting victims
Recommended: Gunman's mother owned weapons used in Connecticut school massacre





NBC News reporters bring you compelling stories from across the nation. For more U.S. news, follow us on Twitter and Facebook. 

↓ About this blog↓ Archives E-mail updates Follow on Twitter Subscribe to RSS













57commentsPrint








2hoursagoLives saved by teachers, custodian and even childrenSandy Hook Elementary principal Dawn Hochsprung died in the attack after reportedly running toward the gunfire to protect her students. TODAY's Erica Hill reports, and Savannah Guthrie talks with two men who knew her. By Miguel Llanos, NBC NewsAs witnesses recount the horrific crime at Sandy Hook Elementary, one constant is emerging: Even more children would have been killed had it not been for the actions of teachers, a custodian and even the students themselves.Follow @NBCNewsUS

"A lot of children are alive today because of actions the teachers took," School Superintendent Janet Robinson told NBC's TODAY show on Saturday, a day after a gunman killed 20 children and six adults at the K-4th grade school in Newtown, Conn.Principal Dawn Hochsprung and school psychologist Mary Sherlach, both among those killed, were said to have run towards the gunfire as it broke out, with Hochsprung lunging at the gunman, according to town officials.

Advertise | AdChoices 





Hochsprung was coming out of a meeting when she confronted the shooter, Board of Education chairwoman Debbie Liedlien said Saturday.Jeff Capeci, chairman of Newtown's Legislative Council, said Hochsprung's actions were nothing short of heroic. "From what we know, it's hard to classify her as anything else," he added.Teachers like Maryrose Kristopik took their students to the safest areas in their classrooms. In Kristopik's case, it was a closet."We hid in a closet, we stayed quiet, we held hands, we hugged," Kristopik, who teaches music, told the New York Daily News. "I tried to talk to them calmly."
Mary Ann Jacob, a school library aide, told reporters Saturday that she took 18 4th graders into the back of a classroom and blocked the door with a filing cabinet."The kids cozied up, and we waited," Jacob said, adding that the children were told it was a drill."When the police finally came, we were afraid to open the door," she said of the hour-long ordeal.  Robert MacPherson / AFP - Getty ImagesSandy Hook Elementary School library clerk Mary Ann Jacob speaks to the press in Newtown, Conn., on Saturday. Another, unidentified teacher grabbed 8-year-old Bear Nikitchyuk from a hallway and into a classroom as bullets whizzed by, NBCNewYork.com reported."I was going back to my classroom, then I heard something like  kicking on a door, then I turned around and I saw smoke and I smelled smoke,"  Bear said. "Then bullets whizzed by."A custodian warned of the gunman by running through the halls, said 4th grade teacher Theodore Varga."He said, 'Guys! Get down! Hide!'" Varga said. "So he was actually a hero." It was not known if the custodian, whose name was not released, had survived.Related: Principal had 'talked about this exact type of incident'Even some students were able to muster up courage as shots were fired around them.One student claimed to know karate, the Associated Press reported. "It's OK. I'll lead the way out," the student said. School Superintendent Janet Robinson talks about the heroism of teachers and says the shooter's mother was not a full-time teacher at Sandy Hook.A parent said his 6-year-old son was in class when the gunman burst in and shot the teacher.

Advertise | AdChoices 





"That's when my son grabbed a bunch of his friends and ran out the door," Robert Licata said. "He was very brave. He waited for his friends." The Associated Press contributed to this report.Related content from NBCNews.com: 

Elementary school massacre: 28 killed, including 20 kids
Quiet town wonders, 'How can we be  protected'?
Vigils, services honor school shooting victims
Video: 'Our hearts are broken,' Obama says
Gunman's mother owned weapons used in massacre
'Screams were coming over the intercom'
Traumatized nation reels from 'day of  sadness and grief' 
Video: School shooting reignites gun control debate
How to talk to kids about the school shooting 
Massacre leaves America shocked and grieving ... again
Connecticut school shooting is second worst in US history
Authorities ID gunman who killed 27 in elementary school  massacre


Advertise | AdChoices 





Follow US news from NBCNews.com on Twitter and Facebook  Explore related topics: crime, shooting, newtown, sandy-hook
older6hoursagoNewtown gunman tried to buy rifle days before shootingnewer1houragoHillary Clinton faints, recovering at homeDiscuss this post


denver bill 2Heroes arise in calamitous events. Congratulations to you all.
6 votes#1 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 11:58 AM ESTLearnt HickI'm not sure congratulations is in order, but a good job was done by many heroes! Next time you are thinking of teachers pay remember the sacrifice made by these teachers and remember that teachers all over the US make sacrifices large and small everyday for the safety and education of our kids.11 votes#1.1 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 12:29 PM ESTNWwoman-2782952I noticed one of the shooter's friends said he might have been a genius. I had a gifted son and when he was first tested, while in elementary school, a counselor told us that these bright kids "can go either way -- Einstein or Manson -- and it's up to the parents to establish the direction." My guess is, most of the shooters that have been in the news ARE very intelligent, but mental illness has taken over.4 votes#2 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 12:02 PM ESTSeymour-1012100In a shocking number of these kinds of incidents, the shooters have been on deadly psychiatric drugs.  These drugs have as a side effect "homicidal thoughts" and "suicidal thoughts".  As long as people refuse to know the truth - PSYCHIATRY KILLS - we will have more and more of these incidents.1 vote#2.1 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 1:16 PM ESTJBAbbottSeymour, best to check your assumptions before claiming they are facts.http://www.decisionsonevidence.com/2012/12/public-shootings-by-the-numbers/The fact is most of these mass murderers have no psychiatric history at all.  They are undiagnosed, isolated, and driven by powerlessness and humiliation.2 votes#2.2 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 1:21 PM ESTringsize42Oh please.  I work in a maximum security psychiatric facility as a prescriber and I have to interrupt your diatribe to say that a LACK of treatment is much more deadly for psychotic illnesses and many mood disorders.  I'm sot suggesting that the shooter was psychotic BTW but rather that your blanket statement is inane.  Psychiatry is not magic and the medications we have available are limited in the scope of symptoms they can treat. They are not a panacea.    Let's try and be rational. 1 vote#2.3 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 1:28 PM ESTKantorGosh, I hope those teachers that saved the kids' lives weren't overpaid union members, because, you know, teachers get paid WAY too much...NOT!6 votes#3 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 12:22 PM ESTSeymour-1012100What a non-sequitur post.  The kids and the janitor were brave too but they weren't union members and the kids weren't paid anything for their bravery.  Lame idiot trying to make a case for Unions on this tragic post.#3.1 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 1:19 PM ESTringsize42As opposed to your own lame idiocy in your previous, globa,l anti-psychiatry statements.   Clearly your hostility goes untreated.1 vote#3.2 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 1:31 PM ESTJohn Q Public-6353273Kantor you are an idiot. This is about a massacre of children at the hands of another 20 year old that was probably secular with little or no compassion in his heart and most likely that had a soul that was consumed by drugs, hatred and darkness. Hopefully the nation will listen, learn and turn back to God. Stop tring to make this about politics.#3.3 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 1:35 PM ESTSteadaRIP all you little angels who's lives were taken from them too early in their young innocent lives. My heart brakes for all the parents who have to go home and look at all the Christmas presents under the tree that their child will never be able to open. And then having to every year remember this at this time of the year when life is supposed to be great. Its horrible...May God bless them all and give them peace to endure this terrible tragedy.6 votes#4 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 12:25 PM ESTdirpThe real tragedy is that even one single person has to become a hero.
Now, for the rest of their lives, each and every one of the children who came out alive will be playing, laughing, singing when they, or one of their friends, will stop and remember this day.
It is time to get rid of ALL guns.
NOT ONE MORE GUN DEATH.2 votes#5 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 12:40 PM ESTFriendofteachersImagine what the outcome could have been had one of those heros had a gun. Maybe a lot less deaths.1 vote#5.1 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 1:16 PM ESTFriendofteachersImagine the outcome had one of those heros had a gun to defend those children.#5.2 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 1:20 PM ESTJRC-1957282Guns are not the problem >> Idiots are the problem!4 votes#5.3 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 1:20 PM ESTSeymour-1012100And again here we go with the gun frenzy.  Cars kill too.  What if he had driven his car into a classroom?  Would we call for a ban on cars?  What if he used household products and created a bomb and killed the kids with that - would we ban household products?
Psychiatry is the deadly killer behind these attacks.  Now there is something we should ban.  In their own words psychiatrists acknowledge that they can't cure anyone and there is ample evidence that the drugs serve one purpose - to make the doctors and pharmaceutical companies rich beyond your wildest dreams.#5.4 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 1:22 PM ESTKris from VermontSeymour - don't you have something better to do?  Go to church - say a prayer for us all.1 vote#5.5 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 1:28 PM ESTandyt3300"It is time to get rid of ALL guns." Wrong. I will tell you why. You and others believe that if all firearms are removed from civillians, peace will abound and there will rose petals floating in the air. Wrong. Civillians carrying guns is a peaceful and civilized thing to do. Why? If you are approached by one or more people, who have the intent to harm you and you have a firearm, you can easily deter them from their intent. And in many cases, simply seeing the weapon at your side is enough to make  your would-be attackers go away. In other words, the peace is kept. Now, in your ideal world, you are approached by the same people who mean to do you harm. But now, you have no defensive weapon, because your wish was granted and the right of the people to keep and bear arms was removed. So you are attacked and seriously injured or killed. So I ask you: where is the peace? There is none. Removal of firearms mandates domination by the young the strong or the many. You have no defense. Guns work. Guns protect. Guns save lives. A gun is an excellent self defense tool, but only if you have one.
You know it`s interesting. In Israel, the government dosent disarm it`s citizens, it arms them. The Israeli government encourages it`s citizens to walk around with full auto weapons slung over their shoulders. Even the school teachers are armed, with UZIs. Thats right. If you enter a school in Israel to harm childeren, you will be fired upon by teachers with automatic weapons. But here in the USA, all our teachers can do, is hide in a closet, waiting for a policeman to show up and rescue everyone. Which is better? An armed citizenry, or a defenseless people who can only hide from danger? The removal of guns will NOT reduce violent crime, as you and others believe, it will only leave people at the mercy of criminals, which is no mercy at all. If someone wants to kill children, and they have no gun, that wont stop them. All they need is about a half dozen homemade firebombs. Light the fuse and toss. Or a how about a whizzing chainsaw. Or a machete and a hatchet? There are many ways to murder children. If some of the teachers in that school in Conn were trained and armed, they would have been able to return fire and stop the shooter. Now all they can do is attend funerals. Guns save lives, but only if you have them.  1 vote#5.6 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 1:31 PM ESTTodd Edlerdirp you are an idiot...how is taking my right to own guns away from me going to stop gun shootings? Please tell me because me having a gun has prevented my death on 3 different occasions. Do you really think the criminals will give up there guns? Those kids died for many horrible reasons, but none of them were because I own a gun.#5.7 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 1:31 PM ESTmerkinImagine if the "shooter" did not have access to "guns."   Your reasoning is ass backwards.  And yes...idiots are the problem.  When they have easy access to "guns" = nightmare.  And since we can not get rid of the idiots...then it makes sense to get rid of the guns. 1 vote#5.8 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 1:32 PM ESTStacey-2506719And yet, these heroes were able to save so many children without being armed themselves.  1 vote#5.9 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 1:34 PM ESTringsize42To friends of teachers , above, claiming that if one rteacher had a gun the outcome would have been different,
One teacher did have a gun, in fact she had several.  Her son used those guns to kill her, her co-workers, and 20 children. #5.10 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 1:37 PM ESTTerry-CaWishing Mrs. Clinton a fast recovery...
She's an amazing citizen and representative of America...#5.11 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 1:39 PM EST

Advertise | AdChoices 





Molly's daughterIt's really important to remember that most people with ASD are not dangerous. Most geniuses are not dangerous.  It's a bad idea to put marginalized groups like autistic people or gifted people in categories like that. The doctor of a gifted child who told his parents that he could "go either way" was misinformed. 3 votes#6 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 12:41 PM ESTJ.R. -2223289I got an idea. Place one retired military , navy seal, army ranger, Marine, heavily armed at the most likely entrance to every school in America and have them on the lookout for the crazies. If someone comes to the school door carrying firearms then blast them.
 You will never get rid of the guns but we can create a fight back strategy that might work. Pay them a teachers salary and protect our children!
 I hope that MF er Lanza burns in hell1 vote#7 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 12:51 PM ESTLearnt Hick
You will never get rid of the guns but we can create a fight back  strategy that might work. Pay them a teachers salary and protect our  children!

You cant have a one income family on a teachers salary. Police, teachers, military, EMTs and firefighters are shamefully underpaid. Someone competent to do the job you suggest can make 10x that somewhere else.
Sadly, we are getting what we pay for.2 votes#7.1 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 12:58 PM ESTEmily VidoniNow that's a good idea, J.R.  
My heart goes out to the victims and their families.  I wish these horrible acts would stop. 1 vote#7.2 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 1:19 PM ESTjoking56As horrible at the tragedy in Conn is its not the worse of such..The Bath Michigan  school disaster in 1927 was even worse..38 elementary school children were killed when a disgruntled school board member blew up the school! He also killed his wife, himself and several other adults.  His preferred method was to blow everyone up like Tim Mcveigh with home made bombs!  Its not the method these people use that needs any more control.  We will always have them..people just never see the warning signals almost like racing through yellow lights...most get lucky some don't ..die and kill others.  I suspect though that MOM knew deep down..should have stored the guns out of the home.2 votes#8 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 1:08 PM ESTR Scott-846657Yep, the gun control nuts will sweep this under the floor, when guns were HARDER to obtain.2 votes#8.1 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 1:14 PM ESTmislaWhich is why incidents like this do NOT support the "get rid of guns" movement.  If the guy wanted to kill people and did not have a gun, he may have built a bomb and killed more people.  And what if someone at the school had a gun (I am not saying teachers should carry guns to school) but just think - maybe NO ONE would have died if a "good guy" would have been armed.2 votes#8.2 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 1:16 PM ESTcelnavBut she did not store the guns safely and hence tragedy.
After 9/11 we do a lot more to track ammonium nitrate and other ingredients to explosives. We outlaw, or require special hard to obtain permits for explosives. And it works! If you are going to sit here and tell me that we should make explosives legal "cause theyll just get em anyway" then your crazy.
If you think we should sell Glock 18 full auto handguns and RPGs in the sporting goods store then your crazy.
If you think what we have is a "Well regulated Militia" as outlined in the 2nd amendment of the United States Constitution then you either have the reading comprehension of some of our judges or your crazy.1 vote#8.3 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 1:18 PM ESTcelnavmisla a good guy WAS armed during the Arizona massacre that injured Congresswoman Giffards. He had a Glock 19 and did not act, he feared he would hit a bistandard. 2 votes#8.4 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 1:22 PM ESThankfWhy would an elementary teacher like this guys mom have all these weapons in the first place? Is it going to be the usual response..for protection? Maybe she bought them for him because he couldnt get them otherwise? There are just too many guns in the wrong hands here perhaps too many Americans are just incapable of handeling this freedom we have!1 vote#8.5 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 1:26 PM ESTHeather in WashingtonShe, like every other law-abiding citizen, has that right.  You don't get to make her justify what car she chooses to drive, what color she paints her house, or whether she spends the money she earns on guns.  It's called freedom, and it's one of the great things about our country.  The fact that someone misuses their freedom to harm others does not mean the freedom of the rest of us should be denied.#8.6 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 1:39 PM EST

Advertise | AdChoices 





rick2254it seems this deranged kid forced his way in and the principal was killed confronting him.would it not be a good idea that these teachers would maybe take gun safety and be allowed to carry concealed sidearm.at least you would have a chance to stop these nuts.1 vote#9 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 1:15 PM ESTSweetAZNow angels.  Special people these were....babies first.  Saw a comment earlier on one of the teachers...now the babies have someone's hand to hold while they cross over into heaven.  So very heartbreaking. #10 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 1:17 PM ESTHeather in WashingtonIf the hero who lunged at the shooter had been armed with a handgun, rather than just hands, many more lives would have been saved, including the hero's.  I don't mean to detract from her bravery.  She did an incredibly heroic thing, but it would have been even better had she survived, and stopped the killer before he killed more children.1 vote#11 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 1:17 PM ESTrick2254i agree these teachers are allready given our trust why not let them carry .i truly believe these nuts are one in a million .i would rather see more of the good guys carry guns. the nuts dont care if guns are illegal the last time i looked murder was illegal.when i get in my car i wouldn't even think about going on a trip without a spare tire or a jack in the trunk,the chances are i'll never need it,but it's nice to know if i get a blow out i have the tools to repair it. a gun is no more then a tool in the tool box you hope and pray you never need it. but if you do you got it.if i'm in my home and someone is breaking in at night i'm sure glad i have more then a frying pan to protect my family you get the point.if those teachers who allready have federal background checks did have guns maybe just maybe it might have saved even one of those precious kids.god bless the families1 vote#11.1 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 1:29 PM ESTStacey-2506719I can't believe people are seriously advocating for armed teachers.  smh#11.2 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 1:36 PM ESTJANEY721HIGHIt is time we spend more money on research and treatment of the mentally ill than we do on male impotence or anti-aging drugs.  We hide away from those who suffer mental illness and hope that it doesn't effect us and ours.  But then something like this happens and it effects all of us.  A national dialog on stopping this kind of violence needs to happen now. I realize that not all of these shooters are mentally ill and some are just plain evil but so often mental illness comes into play with these events.  All I read about is gun control and bringing "God" back into the classroom and putting the blame on the parents.  Please call, write or in any way contact your congressmen and senators and beg them to take up this issue. 1 vote#12 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 1:20 PM ESTzissacatThe MSM is to busy trying to get interviews with the devastated family members than bring actual news to American, you can "current news"happening in our country from Online mail.com in the UK....#13 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 1:22 PM ESTDanL-6894867America, you ask where God was when these children, yourchildren, were being slaughtered in your school.
You have banned prayer from public school.
You have your taught your children in those schools the lie thatthe earth and all He has created in love for you is just a giant, randomaccident and God was not involved.
You have taught your children the lie that men sodomizingother men and women sleeping with women is not only acceptable, but is “love.”
You have created a system where fathers are intentionallyexcluded from the family.
You have taught your children that a baby in the womb is a “tissuemass” and not a human life.
You have taught your children that it is a woman’s right tokill that baby.
You have gloried in fornication, adultery, greed,debauchery, drunkenness, and sin of all kinds.
You have trusted your government to bring you peace,security, and prosperity, ignoring that these things come from God.
You have created laws upon laws made by man and have ignoredthe laws of God.
You have set men and women over you to rule you who deny theLord is your God.
And now, your president, who you have set as king over you,is calling for yet more laws of men and has not called the nation to prayer andfasting and repentance as a man of God would.
America, you have turned your back on God. You havepurposely excluded Him from your schools and your lives and you wonder why thishas happened.
God is not punishing you, America--you are reaping the seedsof exactly what you have sown.
There is still time. Repent and be saved. Come back to God.Pray and seek His face. Stop your sin and wickedness. Humble yourselves andpray. Trust in God, obey Him, and He will heal your land.2 votes#14 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 1:22 PM ESTlukebanditAMEN, DanL-6894867 AMEN!  It is true!  When you leave God out of your life, out of sight, out of mind, the hedge of protection from God is less and lesser.  BUT, the SPLIT SECOND when things like this happen, GOD IS THERE BECAUSE HE LOVES US SO MUCH!  All the children are with Jesus now!  They are in Heaven and are being taken care of!  I feel so bad about this!  I can't imagine those children if they had to be in the school all night, haven't checked the news out today, but I would get a tent and sleeping bag and camp outside the school to be closer to my child. #14.1 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 1:31 PM ESThankfYou have got to be dumbest religious kook I have ever heard! You utter every dumb politically and racially motivated excuse your GOD.. FOX news can sinfully muster UP  as a reason this nut job killed children. And then you go on to suggest that GOD has some hand in either allowing this or beeing responsible for it? You my friend are in reality are the problem in this country!We have cornered the market on religious kooks that seem to preach God Jesus guns greed and war as if there is any remote connection between them!#14.2 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 1:36 PM ESTrick2254mercy triumps over judgement#14.3 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 1:39 PM EST

Advertise | AdChoices 





zissacatRevealed: Killer 'fought' with four teachers at elementary school the day before massacre - three are now dead, the fourth wasn't at school yesterday#15 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 1:22 PM ESTYankeeRose555After two days of crying, I really needed to hear this story!1 vote#16 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 1:22 PM ESTlukebanditOn Piers Morgan, (he is outraged, as everybody is) I saw a picture of the guns that the mom had.  Way overboard for a kindergarten teacher.  The glock should of been enough for protection and with a Dobie and or a German Shepard. I think she bought them at the insistance of her son and he possibly practiced with him and she didn't see anything wrong with it and or she could of been afraid of him and did it to appease him.  You never know.  First the Hurricane Sandy and now all those precious children and adults at Sandy Hook.  that is ironic.  And on the sign outside the school it was established in 1956 and this happened exactly 56 years later.  Also the Chinese man went into a school room and stabbed over 20 kids but they all survived!  I am sure since yesterday he is not here anymore.#17 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 1:24 PM ESTbdl-103108It has been said that he had to 'ring a bell' to be admitted by someone responding by 'buzzing' him in.  A wonderful safety measure IF the folks on the inside look at the outside to see who it is OR use the 'intercom' that is available in many schools to identify the visitor BEFORE hitting the buzzer releasing the lock.
An important point is that no security system/procedure is any more effective than the human beings who are responsible for operating it.  If a procedure is implemented and employees of the entity are not following the procedures themselves, then they are setting the framework for horrific events.
Is this 'blaming the victims'?  No, it is not it is pointing out the fact that unless we as individuals take our responsibilities for security of self and others more seriously than 'just another drill' we are opening the door to such events.
The military preaches train how you will respond and work as you train.  That should be an important tenet in ALL realms when it comes to safety, most especially the safety of our children.  DO NOT leave them in a parked car, with or without the motor running.  DO NOT leave them in a parked car whether in summer, winter, shade or not.  DO NOT leave them at home alone EVER.  And school employees, PRACTICE the rules you have posted in your facilities an on your front entrances.  Failure to do so leaves your students open to just such an event.
A word to the wise - forewarned is forearmed.
A concerned citizen, parent and grandparent - that's me. #18 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 1:25 PM ESTmommiof1He shot his way into the school, it was forced entry NO ONE let him in!#18.1 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 1:38 PM ESTPatty Healeyvia FacebookThere are no words to really say what I feel, every time something like this happens a part of each of us dies a little too.  These children babies really had no defense and no idea what was happening except they were scared.  And the adults, they tried to help and died trying heros all of them, as well as all the first responders. Grief is what we all feel every time something like this happens, I feel for the families, in a way I feel like one of my own has passed. Please know Newtown we are all with you on this your small community has become a small country...4 votes#19 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 1:25 PM ESTjudy-3707434Every classroom should have a door that goes to the outside of the building.  It would be left locked and could only be opened from the inside.  In this instance, the teachers could have exited the building with the children and had them run to safety.  It seems that in all the cases where crazies come into a school and start shooting, the kids are trapped inside their rooms.  If each room had an outside access door they wouldn't have to huddle in closets or under their desks and wait for the shooter to find them.   Another idea that might help is if the school doors are locked after the school bell rings.  It might just slow down a determined shooter but it might be long enough to call for help.  There have to be plans in place for these types of things.  It's too sad for words.#20 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 1:28 PM EST

Advertise | AdChoices 





celnavIm a gun owner and a former Marine. I served in Iraq and Afghanistan where I have seen real tragedy and conflict. I am not for banning firearms and I support the constitution. 

A well regulated militia being necessary to the security of a free  state, the right of the people to keep and bear arms shall not be  infringed.

We currently have a system of laws that makes it very hard to get short barreled shotguns and rifles, sound suppressors, full auto firearms and destructive devices such as grenades. One can get semi auto handguns, rifles and shotguns with relative ease. There is no requirement to properly store these firearms in most states. There is no formal training or guidance offered to gun owners.
In short, we DO NO have a WELL REGULATED militia as outlined by the 2nd amendment. Remember, my fellow Americans, with rights comes responsibility. You have a right to bear arms only because a militia is deemed necessary in the constitution. Perhaps we should have to attend local militia functions from time to time. Perhaps we should require all militia members to store their arms at the local armory. Maybe there can be exceptions if a member owns a sufficient gun safe. Perhaps a gun safe can only be opened with two people's keys.
These are just some thoughts. Look at your children, look at your neighbors and friends and then ask yourself - are we doing the best that we can to keep our loved ones safe? Are we being smart about it?1 vote#21 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 1:32 PM ESTJohn-1779666Very good point, and thanks for your service.#21.1 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 1:37 PM ESTJohn-1779666One student claimed to know karate, the Associated Press reported. "It's OK. I'll lead the way out," the student said.
What does the fact of knowing karate have to do with leading kids out of the school?  Would he be unable to lead the kids out if he didn't know karate?  Or would the kids say... "Forget you; you don't know karate.  I'm not going anywhere with you."  Horible...Horible reporting!!!#22 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 1:34 PM ESTMikcanToo bad none of the people that worked at the scholl had CWP's.  Maybe they could have stop this evil.  At least they would have had a chance to stop him.  I gaurantee I would have tried! I gaurantee any of the people that work at that scholl wish they had had a weapon to try to stop that evil SOB.#23 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 1:39 PM ESTGenenutIf any of you want to help here is a place to start
http://www.crowdrise.com/SHSRelief/fundraiser/ryankraft
All funds go to the Sandy Hook PTSA so they will be used to directly benefits those affected by this tragedy.#24 - Sat Dec 15, 2012 1:39 PM ESTLeave a Comment:Name: Email Address (will be verified, but never shown): You're in Easy Mode. If you prefer, you can use XHTML Mode instead.You're in XHTML Mode. If you prefer, you can use Easy Mode instead.(XHTML tags allowed - a,b,blockquote,br,code,dd,dl,dt,del,em,h2,h3,h4,i,ins,li,ol,p,pre,q,strong,ul)


Post to my Facebook Wall

Newsvine Privacy StatementAs a new user, you may notice a few temporary content restrictions. Click here for more info.





Most popular postsolder6hoursagoNewtown gunman tried to buy rifle days before shootingnewer1houragoHillary Clinton faints, recovering at homeMost popular posts10986Elementary school massacre: 20 children among 28 killed in Connecticut slaughter 11hoursago4558Snyder signs Michigan anti-union 'right to work' measures over protests of thousands4daysago735Abuses at infamous Florida boys reform school even more widespread, report says5daysago729Authorities ID gunman who killed 27 in elementary school massacre22hoursago967Gunman's mother owned weapons used in Connecticut school massacre19hoursago



Browsefeatured, crime, military, weather, environment, california, florida, shooting, education, new-york, us-news, gulf-oil-spill, texas, kari-huus, police, chicago, trayvon-martin, obama, afghanistan, sandy, los-angeles, murder, new-jersey, politics, barack-obama, george-zimmerman, colorado, gay, religion, hurricane, school, decision-2012, arizona, penn-state, veterans

AlsoTop NBCNews.com headlines

3147,10



Advertise | AdChoices 







Miguel Llanos I'm the environment and weather editor for msnbc.com, and hope to discuss issues and events with the newsvine community as well as to invite experts into those discussions.



Archives2012December (235)November (460)October (477)September (432)August (525)July (519)June (508)May (566)April (538)March (576)February (471)January (417)2011December (455)November (190)October (9)September (3)August (51)July (8)June (3)May (12)April (5)March (3)February (1)January (8)2010December (5)November (1)October (2)September (28)August (40)July (35)June (177)May (50)April (9)March (2)February (2)January (4)2009December (5)November (5)October (2)September (11)August (4)July (12)June (1)May (1)April (1)March (3)February (3)January (2)2008December (3)November (2)October (6)September (30)August (26)July (10)June (4)May (8)April (13)March (9)February (7)January (6)2007December (10)November (6)October (22)September (11)Most CommentedElementary school massacre: 20 children among 28 killed in Connecticut slaughter  (10989)Snyder signs Michigan anti-union 'right to work' measures over protests of thousands (4558)GOP set to deliver blow to labor in union-heavy Michigan (2610)EXCLUSIVE: Susan Rice drops out of running for secretary of state, cites 'very politicized' confirmation process (1952)Same-sex wife of Army officer banned from joining Fort Bragg spouses club (2174)NBC/WSJ poll: Public wants compromise to avoid fiscal cliff (2016)Gay student asks Justice Scalia to defend his 'bestiality' comments (2153)Other blogsThe Body OddCosmic LogRed Tape ChroniclesPhotoBlogGadgetboxTechnologUS NewsOpen ChannelInGame top stories

3147,10



© 2012 NBCNews.com


US news on NBCNews.com 

About us


Contact


Help


Site map


Careers


Closed captioning


Terms & Conditions






Privacy policy


Advertise
 








