In Newtown, death's chill haunts the morning after school shooting - latimes.com










Membership Services


Jobs


Cars


Real Estate


Subscribe


Rentals


Weekly Circulars


Custom Publishing


Place Ad





 





Nation





HOME


Breaking


Photos


Video


Crime


Obituaries


Weather


Traffic


Crosswords


Games


Horoscopes


Apps




Local


L.A. Now


Politics


Crime


Education


O.C.


Westside


Neighborhoods


Environment


Obituaries




U.S.


Politics


Nation Now


Politics Now


Top of the Ticket


Science


Science Now


Obituaries


Religion




World


World Now


Afghanistan war


Africa


Americas


Asia


Europe


Middle East




Business


Money & Co.


Technology


Highway 1


Company Town


Personal Finance


Jobs


Real Estate


Cars




Sports


Sports now


Lakers


Clippers


Dodgers


Angels


NFL


NCAA FB


NHL


USC


UCLA


Preps


Scores




Entertainment


Awards: The Envelope


Movies


TV


Music


Celebrity


Arts & Culture


Industry


Calendar


Books


Comics




Health


Booster Shots


Science Now


Medicine


Fitness & Nutrition


Mental Health


Health Reform


Future of healthcare




Living


Home


Food


Image


Books


Holiday Guide


L.A. Affairs


Comics


Reader Photos




Travel


SoCal


California


Mexico


Hawaii


Las Vegas


Europe


Asia


Australia


Travel & Deal Blog




Opinion


Editorials


Op-Ed


Letters


Opinion L.A.


Readers' Rep




Deals


Daily Deals


LAT Store


Sports Gear


Travel


Offers & Deals


Legal Notices




Membership Services


Jobs


Cars


Real Estate


Subscribe


Rentals


Weekly Circulars


Custom Publishing


Place Ad












TRENDING NOW


gun control


conn. shooting


lakers-wizards


southwest airlines


Rodney Alcala
























Advanced Search



Advanced Search
X







include all of these words: 
include any of these words: 
include this exact phrase: 
exclude: 

 Select a date range


this week
past 30 days
past 3 months
past year




 Create a custom date range

From: 
To: 



















In Newtown, death's chill haunts the morning after school shooting











Comments

13






















                                            Tags representing victims of the Newtown, Conn., school shooting cover an American flag hung in the business district of the town.
                                                (Don Emmert / AFP/Getty Images)








Also


Photos: Massacre at elementary school in Newtown, Conn.






Timeline: Deadliest U.S. mass shootings



Full coverage: Connecticut school shooting



Bodies of shooting victims are removed from elementary school



Gunman kills 20 kids, 6 adults at Connecticut elementary school


See more stories »


X


There's no safety in our vast numbers of gunsConnecticut school shooting: Resources for parents










By Brian Bennett
December 15, 2012, 8:25 a.m.




                                
                                
                                
                                
                                
                                    
                                        
                                        NEWTOWN, Conn. -- As residents woke up in the frost-covered village of Sandy Hook on Saturday morning, some filed into the warmest place they could think of -- the Sandy Hook Diner on the main street of the hamlet.
Some offered to bring coffee and breakfast to families who lost children in Friday's elementary school shooting here. Others just wanted to see familiar faces and try to make sense of a tragedy that none could explain.
Many of the children killed at Sandy Hook Elementary School just a few blocks away, have likely sat in Sandy Hook Diner and scribbled in the coloring books the waitresses keep under the worn counter, said Jodi Mucherino, 51, who was pouring coffee and delivering orders of pancakes and eggs on Saturday.
PHOTOS: Connecticut school shooting
The diner prides itself on being a place parents can bring their kids and the servers don't mind if the little ones are screaming or crying or running in circles, she said. The cooks often make pancakes shaped like animals and smiley faces for the kids.
"There are no words," said Mucherino, who attended the Sandy Hook school. "Everybody is a mess."
It is Msgr. Robert Weiss's habit to have breakfast every morning at this diner, and he felt that it was important -- this morning of all mornings -- that he make an appearance and be able to minister to anyone who was grieving. When he sat down and ordered a small stack of pancakes he took off his blue plaid scarf to show his black and white priest's collar.
FULL COVERAGE: Connecticut school shooting
"The reality is just settling in," he said.
Weiss was up before dawn on Saturday to help the Connecticut State Police notify families whose loved ones had been confirmed dead by investigators working at the crime scene through the night. He joined a three-person team that included a state police officer and a grief counselor. One of the two families he visited had lost both a parent and a child in the shooting.
He has ministered to parents who have lost young children before, but little could prepare him for the magnitude of evil that came to this town yesterday, he said.
"I just hope God's hand will be on me," he said.
Weiss was in the town's fire station all day Friday counseling parents and teachers from the school. He recalled baptizing some of the children who were killed and on Friday night led a memorial service at St. Rose of Lima Catholic Church.
"I draw strength from these families," he said, as walked out to meet with more members of his congregation. "They have suffered and are still going."
ALSO:
A Connecticut town reels from heartbreak 
Connecticut school shooting: Resources for parents 
Principal died in Connecticut school shooting, official confirms
brian.bennett@latimes.com
Twitter: @ByBrianBennett




Copyright © 2012, Los Angeles Times












Comments

13





















 












Comments (14)
Add / View comments | Discussion FAQ




ITSTRAGIC at 10:04 AM December 15, 2012
					
					
                Here are some of the commony heard excuses used by gun lobbyists when pushing on their self-interest in the face of monthly tragedies like the Newtown massacre:1) "Guns don't kill people, people kill people". If that was true, why don't we have other mass killing weapons available as well, such as hand grenades, machine guns, and rocket launchers?2) "Don't take away my right to own a gun". No one wants to take away your right to own a gun. However, we do want to keep in check the obscene proliferation of mass-killing weapons. Where does it say in the Constitution that you can own 50 guns that can kill 20 people in a few minutes?3) "I need a gun to protect myself or for hunting". Again if you really feel that threatened or have an urge to kill animals, go buy one gun, register and train for it. However do you really need a dozen semi-automatic weapons to protect yourself or shoot Bambi? If yes, then consult a therapist quick, there is a high possiblity that you might one of the crazed mass killers we hear about.4) "Cars kill too, why don't we outlaw them?". Cars have one main function and it's transport, not killing. Yet, we have more oversight, regulations, taxes and law enforcement dedicated to their safe operation and ownership.it's high time we put pressure on our Congress and president to pass common sense laws and regulations about gun ownership and gun safety.



castaway1945 at 9:55 AM December 15, 2012
					
					
                We have a pattern of gun violence. We have been having this pattern for too long.  We must all agree to stricker gun sales and ownership.   The natural right to live of the masses outweight the rights of the few.



ew_ew_ew at 9:42 AM December 15, 2012
					
					
                This could have been a terrorist attack.  Same victims, same dastardly act, same guns, but no one would be calling for gun control.  Not even liberals.  
















Comments are filtered for language and registration is required. The Times makes no guarantee of comments' factual accuracy. Readers may report inappropriate comments by clicking the Report Abuse link next to a comment. Here are the full legal terms you agree to by using this comment form.
























Connect







Recommended on Facebook

















Follow @latimes










Advertisement








Your Hosts


As an editor and reporter, Michael Muskal has covered local, national, economic and foreign issues at three newspapers, including the Los Angeles Times.  @latimesmuskal

Matt Pearce, a University of Missouri graduate, has previously written for the Kansas City Star, the Los Angeles Review of Books, The New Inquiry and The Pitch. @mattdpearce

























Photos: Snow in Wrightwood






Review: A Beatles flop is put in context






U.S. expands probe of Ford floor mats






Photos: Lakers top Washington, 102-96


















Most Viewed
Latest News















In China, victims in school attack survive
12/15/2012, 7:42 a.m.


Bodies of shooting victims are removed from elementary school
12/15/2012, 7:36 a.m.


Kendrick Lamar, Frank Ocean bring fresh, new sounds to L.A.
12/15/2012, 9:14 a.m.


Looking ahead in Venezuela
12/15/2012, 5:59 a.m.


Downtown property owners fight MTA subway tunnel plans
12/15/2012, 5:49 a.m.



















Connecticut shooting: Gunman forced his way into school, police say
 - Nation - latimes.com
12/15/2012, 9:34 a.m.


Girls' soccer: Nine goals for Cleveland's Neaz Sedaghat
 - Varsity Times Insider
12/15/2012, 8:43 a.m.


Helping children cope with Connecticut shooting
 - L.A. Now
12/15/2012, 8:25 a.m.


In Newtown, death's chill haunts the morning after school shooting
 - Nation - latimes.com
12/15/2012, 8:25 a.m.


Jenni Rivera vigil keeps growing as family plans memorial
 - L.A. Now
12/15/2012, 8:20 a.m.






























Video















Holiday Gift Guide »

From reliable stocking stuffers to hard-to-find items, we've got gifts for everyone on your list. 









 












Photos: A 2012 Apple timeline





Photos: 12-12-12 Sandy relief concert





Photos: Thousands protest in Egypt





Photos: Sculptor creates illusions in wood





Photos: The Washington National Cathedral



















Corrections




The Envelope




Media Kit




About Us




Contact Us




Site Map














Burbank Leader
Coastline Pilot
Daily Pilot
Huntington Beach Independent
News Press
Pasadena Sun
Valley Sun
KTLA
Hoy


Baltimore Sun
Chicago Tribune
Daily Press
Hartford Courant
Los Angeles Times
Orlando Sentinel
Sun Sentinel
The Morning Call




Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | About Our Ads | Los Angeles Times, 202 West 1st Street, Los Angeles, California, 90012 | Copyright 2012





A Tribune Newspaper website








































