BBC News - Newtown school gunman forced his way in, police say


       

                Accessibility links  Skip to content Skip to local navigation Accessibility Help      bbc.co.uk navigation   News   Sport   Weather   Travel   Future   TV   Radio   More…         Search term:             




US & Canada







Home
US & Canada
Latin America
UK
Africa
Asia
Europe
Mid-East
Business
Health
Sci/Environment
Tech
Entertainment
Video



















15 December 2012
Last updated at 13:12 ET


Share this page


Delicious


Digg


Facebook


reddit


StumbleUpon


Twitter


Email


Print





Newtown school gunman forced his way in, police say




Latest


How it happened


Profile of suspect


Analysis


Town in shock














Please turn on JavaScript. Media requires JavaScript to play.





























Kaitlin Roig: 'I told them we had to be absolutely quiet, until the good guys come'




Continue reading the main story


Connecticut school shooting


How it happened


Profile of suspect


Mardell: Gun control?


As it happened



 The gunman who killed 20 children and six adults at a school in Newtown, Connecticut, forced his way into the building, police say.
The suspect, named in media reports as Adam Lanza, was not "voluntarily let in", said Lt Paul Vance.
He said police had found "very good evidence" which would help them establish a motive.
The only person hurt in the attack at Sandy Hook Elementary School would be "instrumental" in the inquiry, he said.

Continue reading the main story At the scene



Laura Trevelyan
BBC News, Newtown



Newtown, Connecticut, is a vale of tears this bright, wintry Saturday morning. 
Dr Jeannie Pasacreta, a nurse practitioner and psychologist in this picture postcard New England town, told me that neighbours were cancelling Christmas parties and taking down decorations, unable to celebrate amidst such searing grief. 
Grief counsellors arrived at the firehouse where families have been waiting before going to identify their dead children. 
Firefighters laid flowers at the white sign which says "Sandy Hook school, visitors welcome". That spot is rapidly becoming a makeshift memorial. A couple laid a bouquet, then embraced one another, weeping as they walked away.
People are at a loss, said Dr Pasacreta, who believes the lesson of this killing is to give more help to those showing signs of mental illness. 
As reporters from around the world gathered outside the firehouse, there was a chilling reminder of what had happened. A black medical examiner's truck passed us, pulling a huge white refrigerated vehicle that is likely to have served as a mortuary for those killed in the shooting. This reporter wept at the thought of the children's bodies inside. 


Grief amid Christmas scenes

 The gunman killed his mother at the home they shared before driving to the school in her car and opening fire.  Reports say the guns used in the attacks were registered to her.
President Obama has urged "meaningful action" against gun crime in the US in the wake of the attack. 
"As a country we have been through this too many times," he said in an emotional White House address.
"We're going to have to come together and take meaningful action to prevent more tragedies like this, regardless of the politics."
The children killed at Sandy Hook Elementary were aged between five and 10, although the exact ages of the victims have not been revealed.
All the victims have now been identified, Lt Vance said, and their names would be released later. Principal Dawn Hochsprung is believed to be among them.
'Absolutely quiet'
Friday's killings took place in two rooms within a single section of the school, police have said. The shooting lasted just a few minutes.


Flowers have been laid outside the school

As they heard the shots, teachers in other parts of the building tried to protect children by locking doors and ushering them into closets.
"I told them we had to be absolutely quiet, because I was just so afraid if he did come in, then he would hear us and just start shooting the door," said teacher Kaitlin Roig. 
"I said to them, 'I need you to know that I love you all very much and that it's going to be okay', because I thought that was the last thing they were ever going to hear."
Library clerk Maryann Jacob described telling 18 children to crawl into a storage room, before barricading the door with a filing cabinet. "We set them up with paper and crayons," she said.
Dr Jeannie Pasacreta, a nurse practitioner and psychologist who has been advising parents on how to talk to their children, says neighbours have been cancelling Christmas parties and taking down decorations. 
Officials say Ms Hochsprung  was killed while lunging at the gunman, AP news agency reported. Board of Education chairwoman Debbie Liedlien said administrators were emerging from a meeting when the gunman forced his way into the school, and they ran toward them.
Brother questioned
Early reports named 24-year-old Ryan Lanza, of Hoboken, New Jersey, as the gunman, but unnamed officials later said his brother Adam was the suspect.
Ryan Lanza was questioned by police, US media reported, but has not been named as a suspect.
The attack at Newtown is the second deadliest shooting attack at a US school or university.
In 2007, a student at Virginia Tech university killed 32 people and injured many more.







More on This Story


Connecticut school shooting
	      





How it happened

A timeline of how a gunman rampaged through the Connecticut town of Newtown, killing 27 people, including 20 children.




Profile of suspect




Mardell: Gun control?




As it happened










Obama: 'Heal the broken-hearted' Watch




Governor: 'Unspeakable tragedy' Watch




Newtown victims face years of healing Watch




Pupil: 'Everyone went to ground' Watch










Dunblane's lessons




Witnesses recount shooting horror




In pictures: School shooting











From other news sites


Sky News  US School Shooting: Gunman Kills 27 8 hrs ago


About these results











Share this page


Delicious


Digg


Facebook


reddit


StumbleUpon


Twitter


Email


Print
















More US & Canada stories
RSS




Benghazi furore ends Rice hopes

UN Ambassador Susan Rice withdraws her name for consideration from the race to succeed Hillary Clinton as US secretary of state, the White House says.



'Stalking apps' face ban in US




No UK charges for Gary McKinnon












Top stories



Gallstone operation for Mandela


Egyptians voting into the night


Rocket attack on Pakistan airport


Kate nurse left 'unfillable void'


Court orders Argentine ship freed









Features & Analysis




Hairy crabs

The delicacy of the autumn in eastern China 	
				  




10 things 

Female fish fancy males attracted to other males, and other nuggets 	
				  




Losing faith

Japan questions traditional party politics 	
				  




Tweets of the week

Ikea monkey, Susan Rice and North Korea - in under 140 characters 	
				  






Most Popular
Shared




1: Vodka 'saved elephants from cold'



2: China school hit by knife attack



3: Obama plea after school shooting



4: Nelson Mandela undergoes surgery



5: How the internet is changing English



Read




1: School gunman 'forced his way in'



2: Adam Lanza: friendless gunman



3: School shooting: How it happened



4: Automatic net porn block rejected



5: Will Obama address gun control?



6: Indians begin to talk about S&M



7: Cathedral prays for Kate nurse



8: Rocket attack on Pakistan airport



9: Egypt set to vote on constitution



10: Nasa admits 'Everest' photo error



Video/Audio




1: 'I thought we were all going to die' Watch



2: Planes struggle to land in Spain Watch



3: Teacher 'piled students into bathroom' Watch



4: One-minute World News Watch



5: Handcuffed man steals police car Watch



6: US mourns shooting victims Watch



7: Pupil: 'Everyone went on the ground' Watch



8: Obama: 'Heal the broken hearted' Watch



9: Lanza ex-neighbour 'sick to stomach' Watch



10: 'Evil visited our community' Watch












Elsewhere on the BBC



Books to get carried away with

Discover some of the best travel writing stocking fillers this festive season















Programmes



Click Watch

Will computers ever be capable of being creative – interpreting a drama or composing music?




















Services

 Mobile
 Connected TV
 News feeds
 Alerts
 E-mail news



About BBC News

Editors' blog
BBC College of Journalism
News sources
Media Action




    BBC links    Mobile siteTerms of UseAbout the BBC     Advertise With UsPrivacyBBC Help     Ad ChoicesCookiesAccessibility Help     Parental GuidanceContact Us       BBC © 2012 The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read more. This page is best viewed in an up-to-date web browser with style sheets (CSS) enabled. While you will be able to view the content of this page in your current browser, you will not be able to get the full visual experience. Please consider upgrading your browser software or enabling style sheets (CSS) if you are able to do so.  








































    





