Connecticut School Shooting: History of U.S. gun control laws (VIDEO) - Crimesider - CBS News  

   
       Crimesider        Crimesider   Crimesider CBSNews              CBS News.com Browse News    Video U.S. World Politics Entertainment Healthwatch Moneywatch Tech Sports Opinion Popular Photos    Programs    CBS Evening News CBS This Morning 48 Hours 60 Minutes Sunday Morning Face the Nation Up to the Minute      Log In
|
 Register   
Your Profile
|
Log Out        Photos Celebrity Missing More Topics   Amanda Knox Casey Anthony Joran van der Sloot Strange Crimes Teachers in Trouble Bullying Cold Cases Reality TV Cybercrime Death Penalty    About 48 Hours                  



Scroll Left Scroll Right





U.S.
Prosecutors: Colo. gunman threatened professor
1 of 9



World
Iran: "Rural white" Americans fond of Ahmadinejad
2 of 9



U.S.
Minneapolis gunman had just been fired: Police
3 of 9



Gallery
Manipulated photography before Photoshop
4 of 9



Sports
Regular NFL refs return, get standing ovation
5 of 9



CBS This Morning
Beach Boys reuniting for last time?
6 of 9



Politics
Voter registration fraud claims singe GOP
7 of 9



Entertainment
Another ratings coup for Honey Boo Boo
8 of 9



World
Somali militants forced from last stronghold?
9 of 9





    December 15, 2012 1:08 PM    Print Text   
 Connecticut School Shooting: History of U.S. gun control laws (VIDEO)  By   Crimesider Staff  Topics  Daily Blotter      
(CBS) -- "CBS This Morning" reports on America's past gun laws and the changes some are calling for after the Friday shooting at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown, Conn. that left 27 dead. Pictures: Conn. elementary school shootingPictures:  Mass shootings in 2012  New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg, a staunch gun control advocate, is taking the President to task on the issue. "... The country needs [the President] to send a bill to Congress to fix this problem. Calling for 'meaningful action' is not enough. We need immediate action," the Bloomberg said yesterday after the shooting.  The last significant national gun control legislation, the assault weapons ban, expired in 2004. Complete coverage of the Sandy Hook Elementary School massacre 


47 Photos
Connecticut elementary school shooting
View the Full Gallery »







  
  0 Add A Comment +          Add a comment     Subscribe to this comment thread by email  SUBMIT         Click here to add another comment.   The posting of advertisements, profanity, or personal attacks is prohibited. By using this Web site you agree to accept our Terms of Service. Click here to read the Rules of Engagement.          Comment reply         Subscribe to this comment thread by email  Submit Cancel    The posting of advertisements, profanity, or personal attacks is prohibited. By using this Web site you agree to accept our Terms of Service. Click here to read the Rules of Engagement.     Report offensive content: If you believe this comment is offensive or violates the CBSNews.com Terms of Use, you can report it below (this will not automatically remove the comment). Once reported, our staff will be notified and the comment will be reviewed. Select type of offense:  Offensive: Sexually explicit or offensive language  Spam: Advertisements, commercial links, or repetitive posts  Disruptive posting: Flaming or offending other users  Illegal activities: Promote cracked software, or other illegal content  Off-topic: Commentary unrelated to the storyline Comments (optional):       Report Cancel     E-mail this comment to a friend. E-mail this to:  Your e-mail address:   Send me a copy of this message Note: Your e-mail address is used only to let the recipient know who sent the e-mail and in case of transmission error. Neither your address nor the recipients's address will be used for any other purpose. Add your own personal message: (Optional) Hi, I found this user's comment on CBSNews.com and thought you might be interested in reading it.      Send e-mail Cancel     

Popular Now in Crime


47 Photos
Connecticut elementary school shooting


21 Photos
Mass Shootings in 2012


43 Photos
Cops: Idaho mom had sex with son's friends








Update: Adam Lanza ID'd as Conn. school shooter 
Cops: Victims' bodies ID'd, removed from school 
Mass Shootings in 2012: Details on 13 incidents 
Sympathy over US school shooting stretches globe 
Report: Shooter's home offers clues to motive 
Connecticut school shooting suspect identified 
Holmes hearing on notebook he sent to U. of Colo. 
Police: 2 handguns, 1 rifle at Conn. shooting scene 
Texas cop wraps $100 bill in traffic ticket 
Mother: Conn. students told to "cover their eyes" 
Mom: NYPD "found nothing" in murdered son's LA condo 
Victims' Stories Emerge After Warehouse Shooting 
Mother of Conn. student describes search for son 
Report: Cops investigate threat against Rick Ross 
Body of missing N.C. teen found in pond 
Conn. shooting: Kids heard violence over loudspeaker 





 
    Follow Crimesider  RSS » Facebook » Twitter »      


Most Popular on CBS News


Stories
More »




0120 children, 6 adults killed in Conn. massacre



02Sandy Hook victims identified, bodies removed



03Search for motive in Conn. school shooting



04Boy, 8, says teacher saved him from Conn. gunman



05Connecticut shooting suspect was honors student






























Videos
More »



01


02


03Sandy Hook eyewitness: Kids were "so sweet" and "brave"







47 Photos |  View Gallery »
Connecticut elementary school shooting



25 Photos |  View Gallery »
Vigils for Conn. school shooting victims



10 Photos |  View Gallery »
Some of the deadliest school shootings in U.S.



10 Photos |  View Gallery »
Best of 2012 on TV



26 Photos |  View Gallery »
Jenni Rivera: 1969-2012




Scroll Left


Scroll Right
More »


















48 Hours


48 Hours for iPad®


A perfect companion to TV's most popular true-crime series. 
















 CBS News on Facebook             

 

   

  CBS News Copyright © 2012 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved.                  CBSNews.com Site Map Video Site Map Mobile/WAP Site Help Contact Us CBS Bios Careers Internships Development Programs  
Topics
China
United Nations
Social Security
North Korea
Terrorism
Capital Punishment
Immigration
Gay Marriage


Disaster in Japan
Foreclosures
Debt Crisis
Massacre in Norway
Election 2012
Marijuana
Rupert Murdoch
9/11: Tragedy


Follow Us
Facebook
Twitter
RSS
Email Newsletters
YouTube
CBS Mobile



48 Hours iPad App


		Big changes for the 2012-2013 season! Watch the current week's episode for FREE  up to a week after it airs or subscribe for access to all shows, classic episodes and more!
	






Visit other CBS Interactive sites:

Select Site
BNET
CBS College Sports
CBS Radio
CBS.com
CBSNews.com
CBSSports.com
CHOW
CNET
CNET Channel
GameSpot
International
Last.fm
MaxPreps
Moblogic
MP3.com
mySimon
NCAA
Search.com
TechRepublic
The Insider
TV.com
UrbanBaby.com
UWIRE
Wallstrip
ZDNet




BNET
CBS College Sports
CBS Radio
CBS.com
CBSNews.com
CBSSports.com
CHOW
CNET
CNET Channel
GameSpot
International
Last.fm
MaxPreps
Moblogic
MP3.com
mySimon
NCAA
Search.com
TechRepublic
The Insider
TV.com
UrbanBaby.com
UWIRE
Wallstrip
ZDNet


Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Mobile User Agreement
About CBS
Advertise
Closed Captioning

   

             

   