Sandy Hook shooting: Stories of heroism, ways to help - CSMonitor.com

 
 Skip to: Content
	Skip to: Site Navigation
	Skip to: Search



















Search







World


USA


Commentary


Business


Energy/Environment


Innovation


Science


Culture


Books










All USA
Politics
Elections
DC Decoder
Foreign Policy
Justice
Military
Society
Education
Sports
Latest News Wires





				Sign up for FREE E-Newsletters: 
			 


Daily Top Stories
Best of the Week - Editor's Picks
Change Agent
Books
BizTech
Opinion & Commentary
Politics
Food (Stir It Up!)




 







Subscribe and save 57
%


 














Advertisements





















		Sandy Hook shooting: Stories of heroism, ways to help
			

As the nation and the world focus on the Connecticut school shooting, many people are turning to local news sources in Newtown for information and ways to help.

							By 
		
	
				
					            				
	Brad Knickerbocker, Staff writer /
						December 15, 2012
		











A man hugs his young daughters as they attend a vigil at Saint Rose of Lima church Friday night in Newtown, Conn. 
Frank Becerra Jr./The Journal News/AP


Enlarge

















As news continues to emerge about the school shooting at the Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown, Connecticut, many Americans are eager to help in whatever way they can.
Skip to next paragraph



Related stories







In Pictures: American Gun Culture






Obama on Conn. shooting: 'Our hearts are broken today' (+video)


The Monitor's View:
Newtown shootings: What to say to ourselves


When tragedy strikes: a prayerful response to the shootings in Connecticut










Subscribe Today to the Monitor
Click Here for your FREE 30 DAYS ofThe Christian Science MonitorWeekly Digital Edition

 

Some of the best advice – and some of the best reporting on this national tragedy – can be found at two local web sites in Newtown.The Newtown Bee features “stories of heroism” on its web site. Newtown.patch includes breaking news, profiles, and information about a fund that has been set up to support the community.“United Way of Western Connecticut (UWWC) extends our most sincere condolences and prayers to all those families affected by the devastating events in Newtown/Sandy Hook, Connecticut,” writes David Deschenes, an official with UWWC, on Newtown.patch. “While the eyes of the world may be on Newtown/Sandy Hook, to our staff, volunteers and contributors, Newtown is home. We will stand with the community and everyone affected directly and indirectly by this senseless event as we face the days and weeks ahead.”When tragedy strikes: a prayerful response to the shootings in ConnecticutDonations may be made online via this link or sent to:
Sandy Hook School Support Fund
 c/o Newtown Savings Bank 39 Main Street, Newtown CT 06470The Newtown Bee reports on Friday night’s prayer services at the St Rose of Lima Roman Catholic Church and the Newtown United Methodist Church. St John's Episcopal Church in Sandy Hook will hold a prayer service at noon on Saturday.In the Newtown Bee, John Voket writes of the “Stories Of Heroism Emerging From School Shooting Tragedy.”There was the school custodian, bleary-eyed and shaking off expressions of thanks and praise, who, as shots were ringing out, reportedly ran through the school halls making sure classroom doors were locked from the inside.And the school nurse who fought the urge to run toward the commotion to help, instead following the protocol and training she received never thinking she would have to use it. That adherence to her training likely saved her life.Moments after taking cover under her desk per her training, she said saw the boots of the gunman as he entered her office. The individual stood there for a few moments and then moved on down the hallway firing more shots.There were the library staffers who heard commotion on the school's public address system and learned there was a gunman in the building. After rushing a number of students into a storage closet and barricading it with file cabinets, they initially would not even open the door for police who were standing outside until they were called by emergency operators and convinced it was safe to exit with the children.And two cafeteria workers who heard shots and dropped to the ground, crawling into a utility closet and locking themselves in until help arrived.But none were more tragic than the accounts of Principal Dawn Hochsprung, who was emerging from a meeting and apparently saw the gunman and warned several colleagues who were about to step into the hallway behind her, and into the shooter's direct line of fire. The last thing one witness recalled was her turning back and yelling a warning to lock the door as she apparently confronted the gunman. A few moments later she was shot.During the coming days as Newtown attempts to try and come to grips with this monumental tragedy, more of these stories will surely surface.But these initial reports reinforce the fact that Sandy Hook Elementary School staffers successfully used the training they received in preparation for the unthinkable, along with their instincts and knowledge of the facility, to protect themselves, their colleagues, and most importantly the children who were under their care.As details of the tragedy emerge, more such stories no doubt will be told.When tragedy strikes: a prayerful response to the shootings in Connecticut


Related stories


In Pictures: American Gun Culture


Obama on Conn. shooting: 'Our hearts are broken today' (+video)


The Monitor's View:
Newtown shootings: What to say to ourselves


When tragedy strikes: a prayerful response to the shootings in Connecticut




Follow Us

You can find 		
		
	Brad Knickerbocker
	on Twitter, Facebook.














Get free daily or weekly news updates from CSMonitor.com delivered to your inbox. Sign up today. 









 










Subscribe The Christian Science Monitor Today!
 




 The Culture




'The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey': Is it really necessary? (+trailer)





Books




How well do you know 'The Hobbit’? Take the quiz




 The Culture




Jessica Chastain stars in the troubling, infuriating 'Zero Dark Thirty' (+trailer)




 Innovation




After short absence, Google Maps returns to the Apple iPhone (+video)




 World




Focus:
Baltic nations offer ex-Soviet states a Western model




 The Culture




Why no new Christmas carols?




 USA




Focus:
Which world hot spots will clamor for Obama's attention?




 USA




Israeli envoy calls divisive settlement plan a politically necessary reprisal




 Commentary




The Monitor's View:
Shaping the world of 2030





Making a Difference

Entrepreneur Joe Edwards helps make St. Louis vibrant again
 


Innovation

Data-driven HDTV comparisons
 


Autos

Data-driven car comparisons
 












Weekly review of global news and ideas
Balanced, insightful and trustworthy
Subscribe in print or digital

Special Offer

Print
Digital
 


 







About these ads 










Could you pass a US citizenship test? Find out.





Most viewed




Sandy Hook shooting: Stories of heroism, ways to help


Elementary school shooting: What gun control laws might US voters support? (+video)


President Obama: American hearts 'heavy with hurt' 


School shooting in Connecticut casts somber mood across nation

'The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey': Is it really necessary? (+trailer) 

 




Photos of the day

				12.14.12 »
			



Photos of the day 12/14











CSMonitor.com on Facebook

 













Editors' Picks:








Difference Maker
Entrepreneur Joe Edwards helps make St. Louis vibrant again

					
By restoring buildings and activity to a historic St. Louis neighborhood Joe Edwards has become a powerful force for civic good.			 

The Vote:

			Gimme shelter! Your Rolling Stones guide to the 'fiscal cliff'
	


Global News Blog:

			Good Reads: Mexico’s rise, Lincoln’s precedence, and tomorrow’s truth
	


Decoder Wire:

			Taxing the rich: why $250,000 became the benchmark
	


Global News Blog:

			Good Reads: American manufacturing, Apple's new CEO, and a father-son journey to meet two presidents
	



 





About these ads 




Give Good
 



The Christian Science Monitor
Annual Giving Guide
 


Giving back: Eight innovative philanthropists around the world
 

A political chill for charities?  A new Congress could cut tax deductions and funds for charities
 

A Peace Corps for geeks?  Nonprofit donates apps to cities
 

The 50 largest US charities ranked by total income
 

The Christian Science Monitor
People Making a Difference
 

Entrepreneur Joe Edwards helps make St. Louis vibrant again
 

Izhar Gafni invents revolutionary cardboard bicycle
 

Ellen Calmus helps Mexican families cope with cross-border challenges

 

Dian Fossey Gorilla Fund
Underwritten by:
 

 





Become part of the Monitor community



































About these ads


Home
About
Content Map
Contact Us
Subscribe
E-Readers
Text
Specials
Multimedia
Make Us Your Home Page


Careers
Corrections
Find us online
Advertise With Us
Articles on Christian Science



© The Christian Science Monitor. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Privacy Policy.
	

























 

 
 





