Adam Lanza Forced His Way Into Connecticut School, Police Say - NYTimes.com




Subscribe:

Digital / Home Delivery


Log In
Register Now
Help



Home Page
Today's Paper
Video
Most Popular



Edition: U.S. / Global








Search All NYTimes.com












N.Y. / Region





World
 
U.S.
 
N.Y. / Region
 
Business
 
Technology
 
Science
 
Health
 
Sports
 
Opinion
 
Arts
 
Style
 
Travel
 
Jobs
 
Real Estate
 
Autos












Gunman Forced His Way Into School, Police Say 






 

By 

MARC SANTORA and 
JAMES BARRON

Published: December 15, 2012    













The gunman in the nation’s second-deadliest school shooting forced his way into an elementary school in Connecticut, where he shot 26 people, 20 of them children, a spokesman for the State Police said on Saturday as the medical examiner completed the grim task of identifying the victims.        



Live Updates


  
 Multimedia








Residents React to School Shooting



Residents React to School Shooting







Close Video



See More Videos »



 





Photographs:             Mass Shooting in Newtown, Conn.




Graphic:             The Shootings at Sandy Hook Elementary School





Related



A Town of Tradition at a Loss as Grief Engulfs Holiday Joy
(December 16, 2012)




Nation Reels After Gunman Massacres 20 Children at School in Connecticut
(December 15, 2012)




‘Who Would Do This to Our Poor Little Babies’
(December 15, 2012)




Nation’s Pain Is Renewed, and Difficult Questions Are Asked Once More
(December 15, 2012)




Obama’s Cautious Call for Action Sets Stage to Revive Gun Debate
(December 15, 2012)





Related in Opinion



Editorial: Death in Connecticut
(December 15, 2012)


Charles M. Blow: A Tragedy of Silence (December 15, 2012) Gail Collins: Looking for America (December 15, 2012) 

Op-Ed Contributor: Why America Lets the Killings Continue
(December 14, 2012)





Connect with NYTMetro

Follow us on Twitter and like us on Facebook for news and conversation.










NBC News
Adam Lanza                            More Photos »





The chilling details about the opening moments of the carnage in the bucolic community of Newtown came as investigators pressed for information about the gunman, Adam Lanza, 20. A police spokesman, Lt. J. Paul Vance, said investigators had produced “some very good evidence,” but he provided no explanation for a massacre that unfolded with chilling speed as Mr. Lanza opened fire in one classroom and then another, turning a place where children were supposed to be safe — an elementary school with a sign out front that said, “Visitors Welcome” — into a national symbol of heartbreak and horror.        
Lieutenant Vance said the victims’ bodies had been taken from the school, Sandy Hook Elementary. He said the one survivor of the massacre, a woman who was shot and wounded at the school, would be “instrumental” in piecing together what had happened. He declined to describe what evidence investigators — who combed through the one-story school on Saturday — had found.        
Officials said the killing spree began early on Friday at the house where Mr. Lanza had lived with his mother, Nancy Lanza. There, he shot her in the face, making her his first victim, the authorities said. Then, leaving her dead after taking three guns that apparently belonged to her, he climbed into her car for the short drive to the school. Two of the guns were semiautomatic pistols; the other was a semiautomatic rifle.        
Outfitted in combat gear, Mr. Lanza forced his way into the school, apparently defeating an intercom system that was supposed to keep people out during the day unless someone inside buzzed them in. This contradicted earlier reports that he had been recognized and allowed to enter.        
“He was not voluntarily let into the school at all,” Lieutenant Vance said. “He forced his way in.”        
The lieutenant said the authorities were “investigating the history of each and every weapon” that Mr. Lanza carried to the scene of the rampage and said that the guns were found in the school, “in proximity” to where Mr. Lanza shot himself to death.        
A federal law enforcement official said the three guns recovered at the school — Glock and Sig Sauer pistols and an M4 .223-caliber Carbine — were bought legally by the gunman’s mother and registered in her name. Other weapons were recovered from her home, the official said.        
The dead included the principal, Dawn Hochsprung, 47, law enforcement officials said, and even before the medical examiner had released the identities of the victims, some were being mourned on the Internet. One was Ana Greene, the 6-year-old daughter of the jazz saxophonist Jimmy Greene, who moved to Newtown in July. Several other jazz musicians express condolences on Facebook, and Mr. Greene posted a response in which he thanked them.        
“As much as she’s needed here and missed by her mother, brother and me,” he wrote, “Ana beat us all to paradise.” He added, “I love you, sweetie girl.” (The Ottawa Citizen quoted a family member as saying that Mr. Greene’s son, who also attended the school, was “fine.”)        
Dorothy Werden, 49, lives across the street from Christopher and Lynn McDonnell, who lost their daughter Grace, 6, on Friday. In an interview Saturday morning, she said that several other families who had lost children lived close by, and that the Lanza household was a block away.        
Ms. Werden said she saw Grace getting on a bus Friday morning, as she did every day at 8:45. Shortly afterward, she received a call that there had been a lockdown at the school — something that happens periodically, she said, because there is a prison nearby. It was only when she saw police cars from out of town speed past her that she knew something was wrong.         1  2 Next Page » 













 










 Get 50% Off The New York Times & Free All Digital Access.














Get Free E-mail Alerts on These Topics












Newtown, Conn, Shooting (2012)






Lanza, Adam








Sandy Hook Elementary School (Newtown, Conn)






Newtown (Conn)








 











 

 






 




 

 



 

 




 36 hours in Sarasota, Fla.


      Also in Travel »
      


Where an attaché comes with the room
Travelers say they back flights without children










 



 





 











 

            Inside NYTimes.com        








Business »




On Instagram, a Thriving Bazaar Taps a Big Market





U.S. »




Wild Horses Are Running Out of Room




Opinion »
Editorial: A Step Forward in the Euro Crisis
European Central Bank oversight of euro-zone banks is just one piece of the puzzle.





Music »




Different War Horse Does the Trick





Opinion » 



Op-Ed: Yuletide’s Outlaws





Fashion & Style »




Ugly Holiday Sweaters Are All the Rage





Health » 



Fat Dad: Hanukkah With My Grandmothers





Dance »




Breathtaking Feats of Footwork in Montclair





T Magazine »




Case Study | Cups of Good Cheer




Opinion »
Letters: America’s Guns
Readers horrified by the latest school violence call for gun control.





N.Y. / Region »




Haitian Rhythms You Can Hear From the Street





Opinion » 



Disunion: History of Fredericksburg in Objects












© 2012 The New York Times Company
Site Map
Privacy
Your Ad Choices
Advertise
Terms of Sale
Terms of Service
Work With Us
RSS
Help
Contact Us
Site Feedback










