All 26 Connecticut school shooting victims have been identified, police say - Canandaigua, NY - MPNnow












Site
Print archives
Web


Web Search powered by YAHOO! SEARCH













Jobs





Homes





Autos





Classifieds





E-edition





Newspaper Ads





Daily Deals

















Home


News


Blogs


Sports


Opinion


Ontario County


Wayne County


Monroe County


Business


Your Life


Local Loop



Subscriptions








Contact


Find your town


Facebook


Twitter


Advertise


Submit


Calendar


Download our app


Lottery




Obituaries


Police and Fire


Education


State and region news


Getting to Know


Newspaper archives




The Urban Upstater


On fire


Keith Walters: Life through my viewfinder


Scott Pukos: The Cubicle Post


Amuse Bouche


Front Row Seat


The Wine Press




Facebook


Submit Content


Syracuse Basketball


Big East Basketball


Bills


Sabres


NFL


MLB


NHL


NBA




Letters to the Editor


Columns


Write a Letter to the Editor




Canandaigua


Bloomfield


Bristol


Farmington


Manchester


Naples


Victor


Richmond & Honeoye


Clifton Springs




WaynePost.com


Wayne Post on Facebook


Obituaries


Sports


Opinion


Education




Brighton


Chili


East Rochester


Fairport


Gates


Greece


Henrietta


Irondequoit


Penfield


Perinton


Pittsford


Webster




Business Announcements




Play


TV Listings











Hot Links
Local obituaries
The State of Farming
Celebrate the Holidays
Holiday Catalog
Pet Tales
2012 Athena Awards
Holiday Traditions
Games








































All 26 Connecticut school shooting victims have been identified, police say









 Zoom 

Photos










NEWTOWN, CT.  12-15-2012   JOHN SHISHMANIAN   Lt. J. Paul Vance, Connecticut State Police spokesman, third from left, addresses the world media in Newtown Saturday about the killings Friday morning at Sandy Hook Elementary School. John Shishmanian/ NorwichBulletin.com  
	            




































«
»














Yellow Pages


Find whatever you're looking forwith Totally Local Yellow Pages












Search provided by local.com

Featured Business »



Canandaigua Apartments
Canandaigua Attorneys
Canandaigua Auto Dealers
Canandaigua Auto Parts
Canandaigua Auto Repair
Canandaigua Beauty Salons
Canandaigua Car Rental
Canandaigua Dentists
Canandaigua Doctors
Canandaigua Flowers
Canandaigua Hotels
Canandaigua Insurance
Canandaigua Loans
Canandaigua Mortgages
Canandaigua Movers
Canandaigua Pizza
Canandaigua Realtors
Canandaigua Restaurants
Canandaigua Storage
Canandaigua Tax Preparation
Canandaigua Travel







By Adam Benson


GateHouse News Service

Posted Dec 15, 2012 @ 11:20 AM
Last update Dec 15, 2012 @ 12:40 PM



































Related Stories

Presidential address on the shootings: 'Our hearts are broken'


Expert: Talk to your kids about tragedy  


Editorial: This time, will we do more than mourn?  







On the Web

Norwich Bulletin's coverage


CNN's coverage


USA Today's coverage


Reactions to the shooting on Storify








Business News




U.S. Employers That Made The Most Job Cuts In 2012







We Buy Real Estate Like Our Grandparents (and Other Trends for 2013)







5 Best Gifts To Buy Between Now and Christmas














		Authorities are piecing together details from multiple crime scenes related to Friday morning's shooting at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown, Conn., and they have positively identified all 26 victims, police said on Saturday. The names will be released later today, authorities said.

		"Outside of the building is part of the crime scene, including all the cars there, so it's going to be a painstaking process," said Lt. J. Paul Vance, spokesman for the Connecticut State Police, during a press conference.

		Vance said officials still haven't determined a motive for the incident, and have yet to confirm whether the shooter was 20-year-old Adam Lanza of Newtown.

		But Vance offered several new pieces of information, saying the gunman forcibly entered the school.

		"He was not voluntarily led in," Vance said.

		A second press conference is expected later this morning to include the school superintendent, medical examiner and town leaders.

		Friday's school shooting, in which 20 children were killed, has been called the worst primary school shooting in U.S. history.

		*****

Follow GateHouse reporter Adam Benson on Twitter
See photo coverage of the vigil
The latest tweets on the shooting
"Pray for Newtown" on Twitter
CNN coverage of the shooting
Norwich Bulletin coverage
Storify: Reactions to the shooting


	*****

	Below watch the latest video coverage of the shootings; videos will be updated throughout the day.  



	*****

'I was scared'

	NEWTOWN, Conn. — Michael Connors doesn’t remember all the details of Friday’s shooting at his Sandy Hook Elementary School, but he does recall how he felt.
	“I was scared. There were a lot of policemen all around, even outside,” the 8-year-old third-grader said hours after the second-largest school shooting in American history, while standing outside St. Rose de Lima Catholic Church in Newtown, site of a vigil Mass for the victims. “We went to a safe place, and my teacher started stacking desks over the windows."
	Authorities said Adam Lanza, 20, killed 27 people — including his mother and 20 schoolchildren — before reportedly committing suicide.
	Officials as of Friday night had not identified any of the people who were killed at the school other than Lanza himself.
	Emotions were raw in this town of 27,000, where it still costs just $2 to see a movie at the Edmond Town Hall Theater. A quiet community in northern Fairfield County about 60 miles from New York, it’s a place where tragedies like Friday’s massacre just don’t happen, residents said.


		Authorities are piecing together details from multiple crime scenes related to Friday morning's shooting at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown, Conn., and they have positively identified all 26 victims, police said on Saturday. The names will be released later today, authorities said.

		"Outside of the building is part of the crime scene, including all the cars there, so it's going to be a painstaking process," said Lt. J. Paul Vance, spokesman for the Connecticut State Police, during a press conference.

		Vance said officials still haven't determined a motive for the incident, and have yet to confirm whether the shooter was 20-year-old Adam Lanza of Newtown.

		But Vance offered several new pieces of information, saying the gunman forcibly entered the school.

		"He was not voluntarily led in," Vance said.

		A second press conference is expected later this morning to include the school superintendent, medical examiner and town leaders.

		Friday's school shooting, in which 20 children were killed, has been called the worst primary school shooting in U.S. history.

		*****

Follow GateHouse reporter Adam Benson on Twitter
See photo coverage of the vigil
The latest tweets on the shooting
"Pray for Newtown" on Twitter
CNN coverage of the shooting
Norwich Bulletin coverage
Storify: Reactions to the shooting


	*****

	Below watch the latest video coverage of the shootings; videos will be updated throughout the day.  



	*****

'I was scared'

	NEWTOWN, Conn. — Michael Connors doesn’t remember all the details of Friday’s shooting at his Sandy Hook Elementary School, but he does recall how he felt.

	“I was scared. There were a lot of policemen all around, even outside,” the 8-year-old third-grader said hours after the second-largest school shooting in American history, while standing outside St. Rose de Lima Catholic Church in Newtown, site of a vigil Mass for the victims. “We went to a safe place, and my teacher started stacking desks over the windows."

	Authorities said Adam Lanza, 20, killed 27 people — including his mother and 20 schoolchildren — before reportedly committing suicide.

	Officials as of Friday night had not identified any of the people who were killed at the school other than Lanza himself.

	Emotions were raw in this town of 27,000, where it still costs just $2 to see a movie at the Edmond Town Hall Theater. A quiet community in northern Fairfield County about 60 miles from New York, it’s a place where tragedies like Friday’s massacre just don’t happen, residents said.

	“I just went to counseling before I came here,” said Ray Horvath, who works for a group called Education Connection. Horvath said he knew about 60 of the roughly 680 students at Sandy Hook, and broke down in tears outside the church after speaking with a colleague and learning the identity of a victim.

	“I saw kids I know by name looking horrified. Newtown, the second worst school massacre in U.S. history? It’s not possible. I can’t wait to ask God when I see him,” Horvath said.

	A media horde descended upon the church Friday, which remained open all night for people to pray privately. As the pews quickly filled up with mourners, people stood by windows to take part, and a large circle formed on the front lawn, where people sang hymns and comforted one another.

	Several people, like Sheila Maher, of Newtown, and Robert Morehouse, of Southbury, lit candles and wept.
	Morehouse said he walked five miles to Friday night’s service to show his support for the families of those who lost loved ones.




Next  »


													
												
												        
															 1
																		
															 |
 2












Copyright 2012 MPNnow. Some rights reserved









Popular Videos









Conn. Police: Shooter Forced His Way Into School


 









Shooter's home offers clues to motive


 









Newtown School Shooting Suspect


 









Obama Grieves: American Hearts 'Heavy With Hurt'


 









Chocolate Oink


 









The Connecticut School Tragedy


 




















































Comments


							Thank you for the abuse report.  We will review the report and take appropriate action.
						
Loading comments...












































Site Services
• Contact Us
• About us
• Subscriptions
• Commercial Printing
• E edition


Market Place
• Coupons
• Real Estate
• Classifieds
• Local ads
• Circulars


Communities
• Brighton
• Chili
• East Rochester
• Fairport
• Gates


Communities
• Greece
• Henrietta
• Irondequoit
• Penfield
• Pittsford
• Webster


Communities
• Bloomfield
• Canandaigua
• Manchester
• Naples
• Richmond
• Victor
• Wayne County


Multimedia
• Video
• Photo Galleries
• Blogs
• Facebook
• Twitter







Contact us | 
						Privacy Policy |
						 Terms of Service |
						About our Ads


						MPNnow |
						73 Buffalo St. Canandaigua, NY 14424
						
						
					
Copyright © 2006-2012 GateHouse Media, Inc. Some Rights Reserved.
Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted.

RadarFrog Merchant Directory

			
		
	
	
     | 
     
     	Internet Marketing by Propel Marketing | 
     
	 
	 RadarFrog


































