Connecticut gunman forced his way into Newtown elementary school - NorthJersey.com













:
Delivery
|
e-Edition

|



|


Mobile/Apps
|
Alerts

Holiday Charity Guide

Place an Ad
|
Marketplace
|
Jobs
|
Cars
|
Homes
|
Record Getaways














































































Local

Bergen |
                Passaic |
                Morris | 
				Essex |
                Hudson |
                Sussex |
				Towns |
				High Schools |
                               Community



News

New Jersey |
				Christie |
				Politics |
				NY Metro |
				Nation |
				World |
				Business |
				Crime & Courts |
				Education |
				Environment |
                                Non Profit |
                Health



Sports

Pro |
                High School |
				High School Scores |
				College |
				Amateur / Adult |
				Rec & Travel |
				Golf |
				Bob Klapisch |
				Tara Sullivan



Obituaries

                 
            


Opinion

Editorials |
				Margulies Cartoons |
				Alfred Doblin |
				Op-Ed |
				More Opinion



Columnists

Road Warrior |
				Bill Ervolino |
				Bob Klapisch |
				Mike Kelly |
				Charles Stile |
				Tara Sullivan |
				Art Stapleton



Blogs

Fire & Ice |
				Bergen Beat |
Ranger Rants |
                                True Blue Giants |
				The Political State |
                                Jersey Dog |
				Varsity Aces |
				Meadowlands Matters |
				Second Helpings



Real Estate

                 
            


A & E

Entertainment News |
				Music |
                Movies |
				TV |
				Radio |
				Theater |
				Books |
				Bill Ervolino |
				Art |
				Celebrities |
				The Real Housewives



Food

Food News |
                Dining News |
				Dining Guide |
				Restaurant Reviews |
				Elisa Ung |
				Recipes |
				Vegetarian |
				Wines & Spirits |
				Coupons |
				Second Helpings



Shopping

Fashion |
				New Products |
				Online |
				Announcements |
				Events |
				ShopTalk |
				Your Money's Worth |
				Other Shopping News



Events

                 
            


Travel

Readers on the Road |
                Family Travel |
				Quick Getaways |
				Destinations |
				Record Getaways |
				Announcements |
				Jill Schensul |
				Travel Blog



Video

                 
            


More

Business Directory |
Special Reports |
				Photo Galleries |
                Games & More |
                Daily Horoscopes |
				Lottery |
				Traffic












Bergen |
                Passaic |
                Morris | 
				Essex |
                Hudson |
                Sussex |
				Towns |
				High Schools | 
                                Community













Northjersey.com : News : Crime & Courts





Connecticut gunman forced his way into Newtown elementary school



															Friday, December 14, 2012					   Last updated: Saturday December 15, 2012, 12:46 PM
										


BY 
																		 	ABBOTT KOLOFF, NICK CLUNN
												 AND 
							 	JEFF GREEN

STAFF WRITERS
The Record




Print |
				E-mail








 Photos: Connecticut town rocked by elementary school mass shooting





									NEWTOWN BEE								


																	Connecticut state troopers leading children from the Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown, Conn., after a gunman opened fire, killing 27, including 20 children, then himself.								




NEWTOWN, Conn. — The gunman in one of the worst mass shootings in the nation’s history forced his way into the elementary school where his mother worked before unleashing his arsenal in two classrooms, authorities said Saturday.
There had been reports that the principal of the Sandy Hook Elementary School had recognized the shooter, identified as Adam Lanza of Newtown, and let him into the building where he shot and killed 20 children and six adults. But that did not happen, said Lt. Paul Vance, a spokesman for the Connecticut state police.





									VIOREL FLORESCU / STAFF PHOTOGRAPHER								


									Police outside 1313 Grand St. in Hoboken on Friday, Dec. 14. 								




Both the principal, identified as Dawn Hochsprung, and the shooter’s mother, Nancy, were among Lanza’s victims.
Vance said the gunman “was not voluntarily let into the school.” He added that investigators have unearthed “very good evidence” that “hopefully will be painting a complete picture as to how, or more importantly, why this occurred.”
Vance in a press conference would not elaborate on how Lanza managed to get inside the school on Friday morning. Shattered windows in the front of the building had been broken by authorities attempting to rescue students and staff. Vance also declined to comment further on evidence that he said would point toward a motive.
In addition, authorities on Friday night had said they expected to release the names of the 26 victims, but on Saturday morning, they said the information would not be available until the afternoon, at the earliest.
Lanza, 20, shot and killed his mother at the home they shared in Newtown before driving to Sandy Hook Elementary School, where he began shooting, police said. He carried at least two guns and wore a bulletproof vest.
The death toll of 28, including the gunman, far exceeded the 13 victims and two gunmen who died in 1999 at Columbine High School in Colorado and was surpassed only by the 2007 Virginia Tech shooting, which left 32 victims and the gunman dead.
A tearful President Obama addressed the massacre Friday afternoon, speaking of the “beautiful little kids” who “had their entire lives ahead of them — birthdays, graduations, weddings, kids of their own.”



Newtown at a glance
The Town of Newtown is an upscale municipality of about 27,500 people. It covers 60 square miles in a mostly rural area of northern Fairfield County. Sitting about 65 miles northwest of New York City and just to the east of Danbury, it has about the same number of people as Paramus, but is about six times the size. More than half the adults in Newtown have college degrees, and nearly half the households are families with children. Here are the demographics of the town, according to the U.S. Census Bureau:
Population: 27,560
People per square mile: 470
Race
White: 94%
Hispanic: 3%
Asian: 1%
Other: 2%
Age
Under 18:  30%
18 to 64:  56%
65 and older: 14%
Education: Adults with college degree: 54%
Household makeup
Families with children: 39%
Single parents: 7%
Singles: 17%
Married couples with no children, and others: 37%
Housing
Owners: 89%
Renters: 11%
Median home price: $450,000
Median household income: $111,000



“Our hearts are broken today,” Obama said, adding that the nation has “been through this too many times.” He referred to a shooting earlier this week at an Oregon mall and shootings this past summer at a Wisconsin temple and a Colorado movie theater.
“We’re going to have to come together and take meaningful action to prevent more tragedies like this, regardless of the politics,” he said.
Hundreds of people gathered Friday night for a vigil at St. Rose Roman Catholic Church, some holding their children tightly as they stood outside, shivering in the cold, because there wasn’t enough room inside. They spoke in whispers and gathered in group hugs. Some held a single rose or candle.
People wrote messages on a bulletin board inside the church. Under a sign that read “In Our Hearts,” one person wrote, simply, “All of the kids.”
As the nation grieved, it was not clear what could have been done to prevent the shooting. Police said Lanza carried a Glock and a Sig Sauer pistol into the school — both reported to be legally purchased and registered to Lanza’s mother — and a .223-caliber rifle was found in her car that he parked outside. There was no information available Friday on what led Lanza to target children.
The investigation extended to Hoboken on Friday afternoon, as police surrounded an apartment building on Grand Street where Lanza’s older brother, Ryan, lives. Ryan Lanza, 24, who was led out of his building in handcuffs, had nothing to do with the shooting and was cooperating with authorities by providing information about his brother, police said.
Ryan Lanza told law enforcement that Adam was believed to suffer from a personality disorder, said a law enforcement official who asked not to be identified. He said Ryan Lanza told authorities that he had not seen his younger brother since 2010.
“Evil visited this community today,” Connecticut Gov. Dannel Malloy said Friday evening. “It’s too early to speak of recovery. The children, the beautiful, beautiful children, came to school to learn, and their day ended in a very different way than any of us could have imagined.”
Immediate panic
The shooting led to a lockdown at other schools in the area. A senior at Newtown High School, Nick Sajovic, said he broke the news to his classmates after reading about it on Twitter. He said students were terrified and huddled as rumors, later determined to be false, circulated that there was a second gunman. They feared the high school would be the next target, he said.
Sajovic said the younger brother of one of his friends was killed.
“When you see something like Columbine or Virginia Tech, you don’t look at it as closely,” he said. “It’s a little close to home when you see some of your friends get hurt like that.”
Governor Christie expressed his condolences, calling the shootings “an unspeakable tragedy,” but said tougher gun laws would have a limited effect on preventing future massacres – though he added that it was important to examine this incident closely to see whether any lessons could be learned.
“Bad people do bad things, and I don’t know that there’s anything we could do in general to stop bad people, disturbed people, from committing awful acts,” he said.
U.S. Sen. Frank Lautenberg of New Jersey issued a statement calling Friday “a great day of sadness in America” and saying action should be taken to address gun violence “Americans are sick and tired of these attacks on our children and neighbors and they are sick and tired of nothing being done in Washington to stop the bloodshed,” he said.
A spokesman for the Connecticut state police, Lt. Paul Vance, said 18 children and six adults died at the scene and two children died in a local hospital. He said a 27th victim, a female teacher who had been shot in the foot, was taken to a hospital. The medical examiner is expected to determine the identities of all of the victims by this morning, Vance said.
The children were between 5 and 10 years old.
One first-grade teacher, Kaitlin Roig, herded her students into a bathroom and locked the door to keep them safe, said her father, Pat Roig.
She refused to open it even when police arrived, he said. Even after they showed their badges, she told them they could open the door with a key, if they really were the police.
“She fit 15 little kids into a 3-by-3 bathroom and they were very quiet,” her father said, adding that his daughter was suffering from shock Friday and did not want to be interviewed. “She’s having a terrible time with the shock and grief. We’re all trying to understand the grief.”
Teachers hid children
Parents converged on the school, about 60 miles northeast of New York City, desperately looking for their children. As the shooting began a little after 9:30 a.m., students cowered in classrooms. A custodian ran through the halls, warning of a gunman on the loose, and someone switched on the intercom, alerting people in the building to the attack.
Teachers locked their doors and ordered children to huddle in a corner or hide in closets as shots echoed through the building. They later fled with the help of teachers and police, who told them to close their eyes as they were led from the building.
A photo taken by The Newtown Bee newspaper showed a group of young students, some of them crying and visibly frightened, being escorted by adults through a parking lot in a line with their hands on each other’s shoulders.
Robert Licata said his 6-year-old son was in class when the gunman burst in and shot the teacher.
“That’s when my son grabbed a bunch of his friends and ran out the door,” he told The Associated Press. “He was very brave. He waited for his friends.”
The shooter, he said, didn’t say a word.
Stephen Delgiadice said his 8-year-old daughter, who was unharmed, heard two big bangs and teachers told her to get in a corner, the AP reported.
“It’s alarming, especially in Newtown, Conn., which we always thought was the safest place in America,” he said.
Richard Wilford’s 7-year-old son, Richie, is in the second grade at the school. His son told him that he heard a noise that “sounded like what he described as cans falling.”The boy told him a teacher went out to check on the noise, came back in, locked the door and had the kids huddle up in the corner until police arrived.
“There’s no words,” Wilford said. “It’s sheer terror, a sense of imminent danger, to get to your child and be there to protect him.”
Danny McCarthy, a 14-year-old attending Friday night’s vigil, said he knows a first-grader who grabbed the arm of a friend and ran out the door when the shooting began.
“They made it,” he said, adding that they were found later walking around the neighborhood that surrounds the school.
Danbury Hospital, 12 miles west of Newtown, was prepared to handle a large number of victims. Within 10 minutes of the shooting, the hospital assembled four trauma teams consisting of 80 surgeons, pediatricians and other medical personnel, said John Murphy, the hospital’s president and CEO.
But the anticipated number of patients never arrived. All but three of the victims were pronounced dead at the scene. And two of the three patients taken to the hospital, both of them children, died there.
Staff Writers Stephanie Akin, Richard Cowen, John C. Ensslin, Rebecca Baker and Hannan Adely contributed to this report, which also contains material from The Associated Press.
Email: clunn@northjersey.com
 







Tags:  
	Crime & Courts  |  	Education  |  	National  |  	State




Related stories:


													Photos: Elementary school shooting rocks Connecticut town, nation											 
													Tearful Obama calls for 'meaningful action' after shooting											 





















Thank you for sharing your comment with the northjersey.com community.
Please share your comments on local businesses and professionals on www.huduyou.com
Ok | Maybe later























NorthJersey.com

 | 

				Top Stories
			
 | 

				Most Read
			







Connecticut gunman forced his way into Newtown elementary school
Firing ranges searched for ties to Newtown gunman
Sandy Hook Diner becomes focal point for grieving Newtown residents
PHOTOS: Newtown mourns victims of Sandy Hook Elementary School massacre 
Gunman's brother questioned in Hoboken
On election's eve, Japan's conservatives appear poised for dramatic comeback
Planned NJ monument to 'comfort women' delayed
Rockets fired at airport in Pakistan, 3 killed
Congo's president vows reforms, calls for unity
Madagascar president in Tanzania to discuss vote




Connecticut gunman forced his way into Newtown elementary school
Photos: Elementary school shooting rocks Connecticut town, nation
Gunman's brother questioned in Hoboken
Botched identification of Newtown shooter goes viral, to brother's horror
PHOTOS: Newtown mourns victims of Sandy Hook Elementary School massacre 
Prosecutor says Leonia shooting justified
Englewood physician sentenced to sex-offender treatment in patient-abuse case
Police: Leaky pipe leads to discovery of possible meth operation in North Bergen
Deputy chief suing Englewood Cliffs force is suspended
AP source: Suspect killed mother at their home








Latest tweets from @NorthJerseybrk


Follow @NorthJerseybrk on Twitter | More tweets













		Inside NorthJersey.com
		





Crime & Courts








Connecticut gunman forced his way into ...




Transportation








Major accident closes Rt. 4 in Teaneck




Sports








Kevin Youkilis ready to win Yankees ...




Pro Sports








Nets beat Pistons in 2 OTs on Joe ...




Pro Basketball








Popper: If ’Melo falls, so will the ...




Pro Baseball








R.A. Dickey's days as a Met could be ...





























Connect

Newsletters / Alerts


Follow us on Facebook


Follow us on Twitter


Mobile


Letters to the Editor



Advertise

NorthJersey.com


The Record / Herald News


Community Newspapers


(201) Magazine/Bergen.com


Other Magazines



Subscribe

The Record


Herald News


Community Newspapers


(201) Magazine


Customer Care



Find

Obituaries


Photographs


Books


Reprints and Permissions


Archives


Legals/Public Notices



NorthJersey.com

Record Getaways


About Us


Contact Us


Terms of Service/ Privacy


Police Blotter Policy



North Jersey Media Group

About Us / Locations


Ground Zero Spirit


Action Against Hunger


Green Statement


Employment Opportunities








			About Crime & Courts at NorthJersey.com
		

			Follow New Jersey crime on NorthJersey.com. Know what’s going on in your neighborhood and around the state with the latest news from NJ courts and police blotters. Keep track of current crime investigations and court cases, get news from the NJ court system and find out what towns are implementing new legislature. From stories on routine law enforcement responses by town to state crime and court cases, NorthJersey.com has the latest news you need to know about New Jersey crime: murder cases, petty theft, white collar and organized crime, police arrests, child endangerment and more. Our reporters bring you fair and just accounts of court hearings and crime in NJ. If it happened in North Jersey, you can read about it here. Plus, you’ll find breaking national and federal crime stories along with local reports. Share articles and updates on developing stories with friends and family via email or social media or leave your own comment via Facebook login. With NorthJersey.com’s crime and court reporting, you’ll always know what’s happening near you, around the state and across the country
		


© 2012 North Jersey Media Group













