Adam Lanza, an Enigma Who Is Now Identified as a Mass Killer - NYTimes.com




Subscribe:

Digital / Home Delivery


Log In
Register Now
Help



Home Page
Today's Paper
Video
Most Popular



Edition: U.S. / Global








Search All NYTimes.com












N.Y. / Region





World
 
U.S.
 
N.Y. / Region
 
Business
 
Technology
 
Science
 
Health
 
Sports
 
Opinion
 
Arts
 
Style
 
Travel
 
Jobs
 
Real Estate
 
Autos












A Gunman, Recalled as Intelligent and Shy, Who Left Few Footprints in Life
By 

DAVID M. HALBFINGER

Published: December 14, 2012    













He carried a black briefcase to his 10th-grade honors English class, and sat near the door so he could readily slip in and out. When called upon, he was intelligent, but nervous and fidgety, spitting his words out, as if having to speak up were painful.        













NBC News
Adam Lanza                            


Related



Nation Reels After Gunman Massacres 20 Children at School in Connecticut
(December 15, 2012)




‘Who Would Do This to Our Poor Little Babies’
(December 15, 2012)




Nation’s Pain Is Renewed, and Difficult Questions Are Asked Once More
(December 15, 2012)




Two Educators Went the Extra Mile for Students
(December 15, 2012)




Running and Hoping to Find a Child Safe
(December 15, 2012)





Connect with NYTMetro

Follow us on Twitter and like us on Facebook for news and conversation.



Pale, tall and scrawny, Adam Lanza walked through high school in Newtown, Conn., with his hands glued to his sides, the pens in the pocket of his short-sleeve, button-down shirts among the few things that his classmates recalled about him.        
He did all he could to avoid attention, it seemed.        
Until Friday.        
The authorities said Mr. Lanza, 20, wearing combat gear, carried out one of the deadliest school shootings in the nation’s history. He killed 20 children and six adults at the elementary school, they said. He then apparently turned his gun on himself. Earlier, the police said, he also killed his mother.        
In his brief adulthood, Mr. Lanza had left few footprints, electronic or otherwise. He apparently had no Facebook page, unlike his older brother, Ryan, a Hoboken, N.J., resident who for several hours on Friday was misidentified in news reports as the perpetrator of the massacre.        
Adam Lanza did not even appear in his high school yearbook, that of the class of 2010. His spot on the page said, “Camera shy.” Others who graduated that year said they did not believe he had finished school.        
Matt Baier, now a junior at the University of Connecticut, and other high school classmates recalled how deeply uncomfortable Mr. Lanza was in social situations.        
Several said in separate interviews that it was their understanding that he had a developmental disorder. They said they had been told that the disorder was Asperger’s syndrome, which is considered a high functioning form of autism.        
“It’s not like people picked on him for it,” Mr. Baier said. “From what I saw, people just let him be, and that was that.”        
Law enforcement officials said Friday that they were closely examining whether Mr. Lanza had such a disorder.        
One former classmate who said he was familiar with the disorder described Mr. Lanza as having a “very flat affect,” adding, “If you looked at him, you couldn’t see any emotions going through his head.”        
Others said Mr. Lanza’s evident discomfort prompted giggles from those who did not understand him.        
“You could tell that he felt so uncomfortable about being put on the spot,” said Olivia DeVivo, also now at the University of Connecticut. “I think that maybe he wasn’t given the right kind of attention or help. I think he went so unnoticed that people didn’t even stop to realize that maybe there’s actually something else going on here — that maybe he needs to be talking or getting some kind of mental help. In high school, no one really takes the time to look and think, ‘Why is he acting this way?’ ”        
Ms. DeVivo remembered Mr. Lanza from sixth grade and earlier, talking about aliens and “blowing things up,” but she chalked this up to the typical talk of prepubescent boys.        
Still, after hearing of the news on Friday, Ms. DeVivo reconnected with friends from Newtown, and the consensus was stark. “They weren’t surprised,” she said. “They said he always seemed like he was someone who was capable of that because he just didn’t really connect with our high school, and didn’t really connect with our town.”        
She added: “I never saw him with anyone. I can’t even think of one person that was associated with him.”        
Mr. Baier, who sat next to Mr. Lanza in the back of their sophomore-year honors math class, said Mr. Lanza barely said a word all year, but earned high marks. He said he knew this only from peeking at Mr. Lanza’s scores when their teacher handed back their tests.         1  2 Next Page » 











A version of this article appeared in print on December 15, 2012, on page A18 of the New York edition with the headline: A Gunman, Recalled as Intelligent and Shy, Who Left Few Footprints in Life.




 










 Get 50% Off The New York Times & Free All Digital Access.














Get Free E-mail Alerts on These Topics












Newtown, Conn, Shooting (2012)






Lanza, Adam








Asperger's Syndrome








 











 

 





 




 

 



 

 




L'Wren Scott: Fashion, Mick Jagger and now a fragrance


      Also in Fashion »
      


 Follow the bargain hounds
Ground rules for a shopper










 



 





 













 

            Inside NYTimes.com        








Business »




On Instagram, a Thriving Bazaar Taps a Big Market





U.S. »




Wild Horses Are Running Out of Room




Opinion »
Editorial: A Step Forward in the Euro Crisis
European Central Bank oversight of euro-zone banks is just one piece of the puzzle.





Music »




Different War Horse Does the Trick





Opinion » 



Op-Ed: Yuletide’s Outlaws





Fashion & Style »




Ugly Holiday Sweaters Are All the Rage





Health » 



Fat Dad: Hanukkah With My Grandmothers





Dance »




Breathtaking Feats of Footwork in Montclair





T Magazine »




Case Study | Cups of Good Cheer




Opinion »
Letters: America’s Guns
Readers horrified by the latest school violence call for gun control.





N.Y. / Region »




Haitian Rhythms You Can Hear From the Street





Opinion » 



Disunion: History of Fredericksburg in Objects












© 2012 The New York Times Company
Site Map
Privacy
Your Ad Choices
Advertise
Terms of Sale
Terms of Service
Work With Us
RSS
Help
Contact Us
Site Feedback









