Now is the time to talk guns, mental illness - CNN.com

         SET EDITION:  U.S. INTERNATIONAL MÉXICO ARABIC    TV:   CNN CNNi CNN en Español HLN      Sign up Log in                Home TV & Video CNN Trends U.S. World Politics Justice Entertainment Tech Health Living Travel Opinion iReport Money Sports   












Part of complete coverage from

Roland Martin














Print
Email
More sharing














Now is the time to talk guns, mental illness



By Roland Martin, CNN Contributor
updated 1:37 PM EST, Sat December 15, 2012










Police officers keep guard at the entrance to the street leading to the Sandy Hook Elementary School on Saturday, December 15. Twenty-seven people, including the shooter, are dead, including 20 children, after a deadly shooting rampage on Friday.




Connecticut State Police Lt. Paul Vance addresses the press on December 15.




Police officers stand at the entrance to the street leading to the Sandy Hook Elementary School on December 15.




Corinne McLaughlin, a student at the University of Hartford, bows her head during a candlelight vigil at Hartford, Connecticut's Bushnell Park on Friday, December 14, honoring the students and teachers who died at Sandy Hook Elementary School in nearby Newtown earlier in the day.




Distraught people leave the fire station after hearing news of their loved ones from officials on Friday.




Emergency workers stand in front of the Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown.




A child and her mother leave a staging area outside Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown, Connecticut, on December 14. 




Members of the media converge on December 14 in front of an apartment at 1313 Grand Street in Hoboken, New Jersey. The apartment is believed to be connected to the Connecticut elementary school shooting.




Faisal Ali, right, of Colorado Springs, Colorado, joins other people outside the White House on December 14 to participate in a candlelight vigil to remember the victims of the Sandy Hook Elementary School shooting.




Connecticut State Police spokesman Lt. J. Paul Vance, center, briefs the media on the elementary school shootings during a press conference at Treadwell Memorial Park on December 14 in Newtown.




People weep and embrace near Sandy Hook Elementary School on Friday, December 14.




A woman leans on a man as she weeps near Sandy Hook Elementary School on December 14.




President Barack Obama wipes a tear as he speaks about the shooting at Sandy Hook Elementary School during a press briefing at the White House on December 14.




A woman weeps near the site of a shooting at Sandy Hook Elementary School on December 14.




A woman weeps near Sandy Hook Elementary School on December 14.




People comfort each other near Sandy Hook Elementary School on December 14.




A man takes in the scene near Sandy Hook Elementary School on December 14.




A young girl is given a blanket after being evacuated from Sandy Hook Elementary School on December 14.




State police personnel lead children from the school.




Children wait outside Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown, Connecticut, after the shooting.




A boy weeps at Reed Intermediate School after getting news of the shooting at Sandy Hook Elementary School on December 14.




FBI SWAT team members walk along Dickinson Drive near Sandy Hook Elementary School on December 14.




An aerial view of Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown, Connecticut on December 14.




Connecticut State Troopers arrive on the scene outside Sandy Hook Elementary School on December 14.




A Connecticut State Police officer runs with a shotgun at the Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown on December 14.




Police patrol the streets around Sandy Hook Elementary School on December 14.




People try to deal with the shock of the attack outside Sandy Hook Elementary School on December 14.




Connecticut State Police secure the scene of the shooting on December 14.




People embrace outside Sandy Hook Elementary School on December 14.




A man escorts his son away from Sandy Hook Elementary School on December 14.




People take in the news outside Sandy Hook Elementary School on December 14.




People line up to enter Newtown Methodist Church near the the scene of the shooting on December 14.




A woman speaks with a Connecticut state trooper outside Sandy Hook Elementary School on December 14.




The streets around Sandy Hook Elementary are packed with first responders and other vehicles.




A view of the scene at Sandy Hook Elementary School after the shooting.




A young boy is comforted outside Sandy Hook Elementary School on December 14.




People embrace each other on December 14.




HIDE CAPTION


Connecticut school shooting
Connecticut school shooting
Connecticut school shooting
Connecticut school shooting
Connecticut school shooting
Connecticut school shooting
Connecticut school shooting
Connecticut school shooting
Connecticut school shooting
Connecticut school shooting
Connecticut school shooting
Connecticut school shooting
Connecticut school shooting
Connecticut school shooting
Connecticut school shooting
Connecticut school shooting
Connecticut school shooting
Connecticut school shooting
Connecticut school shooting
Connecticut school shooting
Connecticut school shooting
Connecticut school shooting
Connecticut school shooting
Connecticut school shooting
Connecticut school shooting
Connecticut school shooting
Connecticut school shooting
Connecticut school shooting
Connecticut school shooting
Connecticut school shooting
Connecticut school shooting
Connecticut school shooting
Connecticut school shooting
Connecticut school shooting
Connecticut school shooting
Connecticut school shooting
Connecticut school shooting



<<
<





1





2





3





4





5





6





7





8





9





10





11





12





13





14





15





16





17





18





19





20





21





22





23





24





25





26





27





28





29





30





31





32





33





34





35





36





37


>
>>






STORY HIGHLIGHTS


Roland Martin: Enough with our cowardice in dealing with gun control, mental illness
Martin: It's time for action, and to be "sick and tired of being sick and tired"
He says there is absolutely no reason why we need so many guns in America 
Martin: We must also not avoid our responsibilities when it comes to the mentally ill




Editor's note: Roland Martin is a syndicated columnist and author of "The First: President Barack Obama's Road to the White House." He is a commentator for the TV One cable network and host/managing editor of its Sunday morning news show, "Washington Watch with Roland Martin."
(CNN) -- Enough!
Enough with putting off tomorrow what we should be talking about today. Enough with being afraid to step on someone's delicate sensibilities when it comes to the Second Amendment. Enough with elected leaders who are too cowardly to confront the National Rifle Association and their ardent supporters. Enough with moms and dads and brothers and sisters and aunts and uncles and pastors and deacons who are afraid to make public the private anguish of mental illness.
Enough! Enough! Enough!


Roland Martin

Enough with just asking for thoughts and prayers. Enough with just hugging our children. Enough with leaving flowers and teddy bears at a makeshift memorial.


Become a fan of CNNOpinion
Stay up to date on the latest opinion, analysis and conversations through social media. Join us at Facebook/CNNOpinion and follow us @CNNOpinion on Twitter. We welcome your ideas and comments.




It's time for action. It's time for people of conscience to, in the words of the late civil rights activist Fannie Lou Hamer, be "sick and tired of being sick and tired."
America, 20 of our children are dead, and we are all paralyzed, not knowing what to do or say. I've shed tears for the lives of the innocent children and adults at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown, Connecticut. Many of you have likely done the same.
Opinion: Mourn, and take action on guns 
We witnessed the president of the United States, Barack Obama, stand before the country fighting back tears talking about the lives lost, reminding of us other tragedies involving guns and sick individuals behind the trigger.




Mom: Parents waited; kids didn't come out





3rd grader describes shooting from class





Obama weeps over school massacre





Gov. Malloy: Tragedy of unspeakable terms





How the school shooting unfolded 

And every time this happened, those who refuse to discuss gun control are quick to say, "Now is not the time."
One day after Kansas City Chiefs linebacker Jovan Belcher shot and killed his girlfriend, Kasandra Perkins, NBC Sports anchor Bob Costas said it was time to talk about this nation's fascination with guns. Instead of being hailed as an honest communicator, he was vilified for having the audacity to raise the subject at the halftime of a football game.
Have we become such a nation of cowards that we are desperate to not discuss a real issue, instead saying, "Please, shut up so I can watch the game?"
Yet today, we are glued to the television, unable to turn from the scene in Newtown, Connecticut, eager to find every new detail as to what led to the horrific mass murder of a classroom full of kindergartners.
Share your thoughts on the shooting
It wasn't time to talk about this when Rep. Gabby Giffords was shot in the head, and six others were killed in January 2011. It wasn't time in July 2012 when 12 people were blown away in a movie theater in Colorado. Seven were killed at a Sikh temple near Milwaukee near August, and we were told then, "Now is not the time."
So, please, exactly when is the time?
This nation, whether we want to admit it not, is one that is fascinated and enraptured with guns. It courses through our veins like heroin shooting through the arms of an addict. We love to see it in our movies, video games, on television, and then we'll fiercely defend the right to bear arms, all while flagrantly waving the U.S. Constitution in the face of anyone who objects.
News: Obama remains committed to assault weapons ban, White House
There is absolutely no reason why we need as many guns in America. None. It simply shouldn't be the way of life others are so quick to defend. There is absolutely no doubt that we need tough and stringent gun control. Not solely to prevent murders like those in Connecticut, but to remove the option when someone is angered, depressed or in the case of too many, mentally ill.
And that's the second issue that it's time that we come to grips with in this country: We are a nation that has chosen to either medicate or ignore altogether.
"They have a few screws loose." "You know he's off his rocker." We've heard all of the terms. We often laugh and dismiss the mentally ill in America, choosing to cross the street when we see the homeless veteran screaming and cussing at anyone who walks by. When it's time for budget cuts, those most vulnerable often get thrown out first.
For years American cities, counties and states have shirked their responsibility when it comes to the mentally ill, choosing to abandon helping them, but quick to build a new prison to incarcerate them when a law is broken.
Now we wait to see if the Newtown, Connecticut, killer will be the latest Jared Lee Loughner (Gabby Giffords), Seung-Hui Cho (Virginia Tech), or James Holmes (Colorado movie theater all individuals who were described as mentally unstable.
Timeline: School violence in the U.S.
Too often the warning signs were there, but ignored for one reason or another.
Could any of these tragedies have been prevented? No one knows for sure. But I sure as hell would rather try than have to be a first responder and look a parent in the eye and say, "Sir or ma'am, I'm sorry. But your baby is dead, killed in the classroom along with 19 other classmates."
See, now is the time that they are having that conversation. Now is the time those parents are grieving the loss of their babies. Now is the time parents in Newtown, Connecticut are eschewing Christmas plans to prepare for a funeral.
School shooting: Shattering the sense of safety
America, now is the time for us to stop living in denial. We must address guns. We must address mental illness. We must have the courage and conviction to put aside our political views and deal with the task at hand.
America, NOW IS THE TIME.
Follow us on Twitter @CNNOpinion
Join us on Facebook/CNNOpinion

The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Roland Martin.




0
Comments »












Print
Email
More sharing


















We recommend



From around the web




























Part of complete coverage on 
Opinion on the news


Parents' promise: I will keep you safe

updated 11:42 AM EST, Sat December 15, 2012




LZ Granderson says parents are confronting new anxiety over their inability to protect their children in a world of violence.



Enough with our cowardice

updated 1:37 PM EST, Sat December 15, 2012




Roland Martin asks whether the U.S. has become a nation of cowards desperate to duck real issues such as gun control, mental illness



Mourn, and take action on guns

updated 9:08 PM EST, Fri December 14, 2012




Ethan Zuckerman says ignore those who warn against "politicizing" the Newtown shootings; mourn these senseless deaths by demanding we change our laws, culture to end gun violence. 



An unfair portrait of Susan Rice

updated 9:22 AM EST, Fri December 14, 2012




Amar Bakshi, a former assistant to the U.N. ambassador, says articles criticizing Rice's personality were caricatures of her real self



It's 'slime' time in college football

updated 12:19 PM EST, Fri December 14, 2012




Jeff Pearlman says he wouldn't trust new Western Kentucky football coach Bobby Petrino with his dog



Follow CNN Opinion on Twitter





Get the latest opinion and analysis from CNN's columnists and contributors.



A lucky day for Susan Rice

updated 9:21 AM EST, Fri December 14, 2012




David Rothkopf says Rice didn't achieve her dream of becoming secretary of state, but it's likely that whomever gets the job will face a constant ordeal confronting America's serious global challengess



A feminist film epic and the real women of the CIA

updated 5:49 PM EST, Thu December 13, 2012




The new film Zero Dark Thirty gets it right, says Peter Bergen -- the hunt for bin Laden owed much to the role of female analysts who found key clues 



Do you believe in celebrity wardrobe 'malfunction'? 

updated 7:55 AM EST, Fri December 14, 2012




Dean Obeidallah says Anne Hathaway's mishap makes us wonder if we are being played for idiots by celebrities seeking attention 



Will Obama help unions?

updated 5:13 PM EST, Thu December 13, 2012




Nelson Lichtenstein: President Obama and the Democrats need to defend trade unionism in its hour of need. 



CIA's most famous operative is a secret star

updated 7:59 AM EST, Thu December 13, 2012




Howard Kurtz says the new film "Zero Dark Thirty" is going to make a hero of a hard-charging woman who helped drive the hunt for bin Laden, but her name is a secret. 



Javier Bardem: Stand up for the abused in Western Sahara

updated 1:02 PM EST, Thu December 13, 2012




The actor says Morocco has been abusing the human rights of about 200,000 Sahrawi people, and the international community should exert pressure to stop it.



Ravi Shankar, emissary for world beat

updated 8:14 AM EST, Thu December 13, 2012




Gene Seymour says "Beauty" seemed somehow an insufficient description for the sounds that came from Ravi Shankar's sitar in a concert hall. 



Have yourself a merry atheist Christmas!

updated 9:31 AM EST, Thu December 13, 2012




Penn Jillette describes how The Monkees might offer strategy in the war on Christmas. But for a war, it's pretty harmless. 



One small step for Kim Jong Un

updated 5:05 PM EST, Thu December 13, 2012




Joe Cirincione: North Korea's successful launch of a satellite is a major feat, but it is not a serious military threat to other nations. 












NewsPulse

Most popular stories right now


Wal-Mart slashes prices on iPhone and iPad





Sheppard: Malala is face of school attacks





Fiscal cliff indecision leaves paychecks up in the air





Live blog: Children and adults gunned down in Connecticut school massacre





'Why? Why?': 26 dead in school massacre




Explore the news with NewsPulse »





























                     Home | Video | CNN Trends | U.S. | World | Politics | Justice | Entertainment | Tech | Health | Living | Travel | Opinion | iReport | Money | Sports Tools & widgets | RSS | Podcasts | Blogs | CNN mobile | My profile | E-mail alerts | CNN shop | Site map    CNN en ESPAÑOL | CNN Chile | CNN Expansion | العربية | 한국어 | 日本語 | Türkçe CNN TV | HLN | Transcripts |    © 2012 Cable News Network. Turner Broadcasting System, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Terms of service | Privacy guidelines | Ad choices | Advertise with us | About us | Contact us | Work for us | Help             










