
	20 Children, Gunman Dead In Shooting At Sandy Hook Elementary School In Connecticut | wusa9.com

















Photos
Metromix
Events
DealChicken
JCHayward










HomeNews






Where You Live


DC News


Virginia News


Maryland News


Politics


Traffic


Health News


Consumer News


Military News


Entertainment News


National and World News




Latest Headlines


Prince George's Police Offer Gift Cards For Guns
Prince George's County police will conduct its third Gift Cards for Guns event.



Still Mild, but Cloudy on Saturday
Slow midday warm up, but sunshine and southwest winds take temperatures into ...







Vanessa Pham Murder Suspect Violated Immigration Law
The suspect in the murder of Vanessa Pham was ordered held without bond. ...




Weather






Local Forecast


7 Day Forecast


Interactive Radar


Doppler 9000HD Radar


Allergy Update


Hurricane Tracker


Closings and Delays


Your Best Shot


Climate Data


Submit Storm Report


Weather Zones


Weather Cam






Features






Russ Ptacek Investigates


Remembering the DC Sniper Attacks


Morning Show


Let's Be Real


Buddy Check 9


Halloween Central


Hero Central


Recipes


Petline 9


Pump Patrol


Cool Schools


The Extra Mile






Sports






High School Sports


Game On!


MLB Baseball News


NFL Football News


NASCAR


Golf


NBA Basketball News


Tennis


NHL Ice Hockey


WNBA Women's Basketball


College Sports


 Buy Tickets




Latest Headlines
Cavs' Irving available for Saturday
Cleveland Cavaliers guard Kyrie Irving will
 be available for Saturday's ...

Rubio to make season debut against Mavs
The  Minnesota  Timberwolves  announced
 guard  Ricky Rubio is expected to make ...

Grizzlies try to sing a different tune versus Jazz
The Memphis Grizzlies were once the hottest team in the
 NBA.




Video






Channel 9 TV Schedule


Watch CBS Shows


Upload Video






Social






Send Us Your News Tips


Upload Photos and Videos


Blogs


WUSA9 Facebook


WUSA9 Twitter


Mobile Apps


RSS Feeds


Text Alerts


Newsletters






About






Meet The Staff


Contact Us


Advertise With Us


Job Listings


Internships


History of WUSA 9


Captioning Complaints


EEO Public File Report


FCC Online Public Inspection File















FEATURED:
9 Wants to Know
Fiscal Cliff
News Tips
Buddy Check 9





 Search

















20 Children, Gunman Dead In Shooting At Sandy Hook Elementary School In Connecticut

					12:46 PM, Dec 15, 2012
					  |  

					 comments





























































































































































































































								  Tweet
							  








Facebook


Twitter


Google buzz


Del.icio.us


Digg


Reddit


Newsvine


Buzz up!


Fark it















-
A
A
A
+









Written by
CBS 



FILED UNDER







Video:  Multiple Deaths at Connecticut School Shooting Reports

Video:  Simon Landau: How Social Media Reflected School Tragedy

Video:  Simon Landau: How Social Media Reflected School Tragedy

Video:  Andrea McCarren Reports On Residents Coping With Tragedy

Video:  Vigil At UMD for School Shooting Victims

Video:  Vigil For Shooting Victims In Newtown Church

Video:  Debra Alfarone: CT Vigil, Parent, Child Reax On Shooting

Video:  Ryan Lanza, In Custody For Questioning In Ct. Shootings

Video:  Experts: Preparing For Situations like School Shooting

Video:  Andrea McCarren: Aftermath of School Shooting

Video:  Bruce Leshan Recaps School Shooting Chronology

Video:  Andrea McCarren: Residents Of Newtown React To Tragedy

Video:  Lesli Foster, Anita Brikman Talk To Experts On Coping

Video:  Ken Molestina: How Experts Say To Talk To Kids Re Shooting



Students led through parking lot after Sandy Hook Elementary School shooting in Connecticut (Newton Bee newspaper http://bit.ly/J4eUyR)


Related Links
Conn. School Shooting Special Report
Some Of The Deadliest Mass Shootings Around World
President Obama's Statement On Conn. School Shootings
Principal Among Victims In Conn. School Shooting Rampage




NEWTOWN, Conn. (USA TODAY/WUSA)-- The head of the Connecticut Public Schools Superintendent's Association told CBS News that the mother of the gunman "had no relationship with the school." 
The association also said that the victim's bodies have been identified and have been removed from the school, according to CBS News. 
The elementary school shooting that left 20 children dead took place Friday morning in Newton, Ct. A lone gunman shot and killed his mother, then drove to a school and went on a shooting rampage Friday morning, killing 26 people in all, before turning a gun on himself.

The shooter was identified by the Associated Press as Adam Lanza, 20, who was found dead inside Sandy Hook Elementary School of a self-inflicted gunshot wound. Connecticut State Police says Lanza forced his way into the building, according to AP. 

The incident -- among the worst school shootings in U.S. history -- is the latest in a series of mass shootings in the U.S. this year, including Tuesday's assault by a lone gunman at a Portland, Ore., shopping mall that left two dead and one wounded.

Three weapons were found - a Glock and a Sig Sauer, both pistols, inside the school, and a .223-caliber rifle in the back of a car.

USA TODAY's Kevin Johnson quoted a federal law enforcement official as saying the guns had been legally bought and registered by the shooter's 52-year-old mother, Nancy Lanza.

Ryan Lanza, the suspect's 24-year-old brother, was questioned by law enforcement in Hoboken, N.J., and said Adam was believed to suffer from a personality disorder. He told police that he had not been in touch with his brother since about 2010.
Restaurant owner Mark Tambascio, a family friend, said Nancy Lanza told him recently that her son Adam had Asperger syndrome, that he was "getting out of control and that she might need special help for him."

Tambascio told USA TODAY's Gary Stoller that Nancy was a good-hearted person who was "always doing something for some cause." 
He also noted that she liked to target shoot, which could explain the guns registered in her name that were in Adam's possession.

Law enforcement officials speaking on condition of anonymity said Adam Lanza killed his mother early Friday, then drove to the school in her car with the three guns, walked into the building around 9:40 a.m. ET, shortly after classes began, and opened fire.

Police said the shootings took place in two rooms in one section of the school building, including a kindergarten classroom.

Theodore Varga said he was in a meeting with other fourth-grade teachers when he heard the gunfire, but there was no lock on the door.

He said someone turned on the public address system so that "you could hear the hysteria that was going on. I think whoever did that saved a lot of people. Everyone in the school was listening to the terror that was transpiring."

As the shooting erupted, quick-thinking teachers and faculty members hid some students in closets and bathrooms, while others rounded up students and spirited them out of the building.

Children lucky enough to escape the carnage fled in frightened groups -- some crying, some holding hands -- as they were escorted from the single-story school by teachers. Witnesses reported up to 100 shots were fired.

State Police Lt. Paul Vance said the murder scene was so gruesome that first responders, including tactical squad police, were provided counseling later in the day. "This was a tragic, horrific scene they encountered,'' he said.

Vance told reporters Friday night that the medical examiner and other officers were working through the night to identify the dead and to try to determined how the grim events unfolded. He said he hoped to release the names of the victims -- and the gunman -- on Saturday.
Vance said 18 of the children and six adults died at the school. Two other children were pronounced dead after they were taken to local hospitals. One wounded victim was hospitalized.
In Washington, a visibly shaken President Obama, wiping away tears, said he was "heartbroken."

"These were "beautiful little kids between the ages of 5 and 10 years old,'' Obama said. "They had their entire lives ahead of them. Birthdays. Graduations. Weddings. Kids of their own."

Sandy Hook is in a residential, wooded neighborhood about 60 miles northeast of New York City. The school, which serves kindergartners to fourth-graders, has 39 teachers and nearly 700 students. A reverse 911 call went out to parents warning of an incident, shaking the quiet, middle and upper-middle class community of 27,000 to its core.

"This is the most tragic thing we've ever encountered,'' said Newtown Police Lt. George Sinko. "We have to think about the families right now."

On Friday night, hundreds of people packed the St. Rose of Lima church in Newtown, a community of around 27,000 people, while hundreds more stood outside, to remember the victims. Some held hands in circles and offered prayers. Others lit candles and sang Silent Night.

In brief appearance Friday night, Gov. Dan Malloy described the youngest victims as "beautiful children who had simply come to school to learn."

On Friday afternoon, family members were led away from a firehouse that was being used as a staging area, some of them weeping. One man, wearing only a T-shirt without a jacket, put his arms around a woman as they walked down the middle of the street, oblivious to everything around them.

Another woman with tears rolling down her face walked by carrying a car seat with a young infant inside and a bag that appeared to have toys and stuffed animals.

Alexis Wasik, a third-grader at the school, said police were checking everybody inside the school before they were escorted to the firehouse. She said she heard shots and saw her former nursery school teacher being taken out of the building on a stretcher but didn't know if the woman had been shot.

"We had to walk with a partner," said Alexis, 8. One child leaving the school said that there was shattered glass everywhere. A police officer ran into the classroom and told them to run outside and keep going until they reached the firehouse, The Hartford Courant reported. 
Counselors and crisis response staff from state mental health services, children and family services, public health and the Red Cross are working with federal and local officials on the scene, Gov. Dan Malloy's office said.

Children are likely to be traumatized, says Dr. Victor Fornari, director of Child/Adolescent Psychiatry at North Shore-LIJ Health System in New Hyde Park, NY. Schools are supposed to be safe, nurturing environment. The shooting shatters that belief. Listening to children and trying to be supportive and reassuring can be helpful, Fornari says.

James Alan Fox of Northeastern University's School of Criminology and Criminal Justice said Friday['s incident seems reminiscent of several from the late 1980s involving shooting rampages at schools.

Fox couldn't speak to the specifics of the Connecticut case, but said, "If someone is interested in punishing society where it's most vulnerable, they know that a school is a place where lots of young, innocent children, our most cherished members of society, are congregated and under their gun -- literally."

Children are often seen as "easy targets to get even with society - or maybe it was the school. We don't know what the primary target was, and the primary motive."

Still, over the past few years, shootings in K-12 schools have become increasingly rare. After reaching a high of 63 deaths in the 2006-2007 school year, the number of people killed in "school-associated" incidents dropped to 33 last year - lowest in two decades, according to the U.S. Department of Education.

While a few dozen children are killed each year in school, statistically speaking it remains the safest place a child will likely ever be, with the lowest chance of being killed. "When you consider the fact that there are over 50 million school children in America, the chances are over one in two million, not a high probability," said Fox. "And most cases that do occur are in high schools and less so in middle schools -- and hardly ever in elementary schools."











Comments
					
					()
					
					 | Share your thoughts »

























Most Viewed Articles





Murder-Suicide Shooting at Excalibur Hotel in Las Vegas




Dawn Hochsprung, Principal of Sandy Hook Elementary School, Identified As Victim in Newtown, Conn., Shooting Rampage



20 Children, Gunman Dead In Shooting At Sandy Hook Elementary School In Connecticut




Mary Read, Virginia Tech Shooting Victim, Remembered by her father, Peter After Newtown Connecticut Shooting




JetBlue Plane Makes Emergency Landing At BWI in Baltimore, Md. After Possible Mechanical Problem

SEE MORE




Most Watched Videos



Erica's Friday PM Forecast



Multiple Deaths at Connecticut School Shooting Reports



Vigil At UMD for School Shooting Victims



Newtown School Shooting Brings Back Memories of VaTech



Different Views On Gun Control

SEE MORE

















 














Site Map   |   Back to
					Top 












HomeNews
Where You LiveDC NewsVirginia NewsMaryland NewsPoliticsTrafficHealth NewsConsumer News


Weather
Local Forecast7 Day ForecastInteractive RadarDoppler 9000HD RadarAllergy UpdateHurricane TrackerClosings and DelaysYour Best ShotClimate DataSubmit Storm Report
Features
Russ Ptacek InvestigatesRemembering the DC Sniper AttacksMorning ShowLet's Be RealBuddy Check 9Halloween CentralHero CentralRecipesPetline 9


Sports
High School SportsGame On!MLB Baseball NewsNFL Football NewsNASCARGolfNBA Basketball News
Video
Channel 9 TV ScheduleWatch CBS ShowsUpload Video


Social
Send Us Your News TipsUpload Photos and VideosBlogsWUSA9 FacebookWUSA9 TwitterMobile AppsRSS FeedsText AlertsNewsletters
About
Meet The StaffContact UsAdvertise With UsJob ListingsInternshipsHistory of WUSA 9Captioning ComplaintsEEO Public File ReportFCC Online Public Inspection File






PARTNER SITES
Platts Energy Week
BioCentury This Week
This Week in Defense News
Metromix
USATodayHSS.com
JCHayward
DealChicken




FOLLOW US
Twitter
Facebook
Mobile
RSS
E-mail Alerts
Text Alerts
ConnecTV






Search



















	Copyright ©2012
	WUSA9.com. All rights reserved.
	Users of this site agree to the Terms of Service and 
		Private Policy/California Privacy Rights




















