Parents' promise: I will keep you safe - CNN.com

         SET EDITION:  U.S. INTERNATIONAL MÉXICO ARABIC    TV:   CNN CNNi CNN en Español HLN      Sign up Log in                Home TV & Video CNN Trends U.S. World Politics Justice Entertainment Tech Health Living Travel Opinion iReport Money Sports   















Part of complete coverage from
LZ Granderson: Commentaries


















Print
Email
More sharing














Parents' promise: I will keep you safe



By LZ Granderson, CNN Contributor
updated 11:42 AM EST, Sat December 15, 2012










People attend a prayer service in Newtown to reflect on December 15.




A mother hugs her children after paying tribute to the victims in Newtown on Saturday, December 15.




Newtown High School student Trevor Lopez stands outside of a church where residents have come to pray and reflect on December 15.




Andrea Jaeger places flowers and a candle at a makeshift memorial outside a firehouse near Sandy Hook Elementary School on December 15.




The U.S. flag flies at half-staff above the White House on December 15.




Ken Kowalsky and his daughter Rebecca, 13, embrace while standing at the end of the road leading to Sandy Hook Elementary School on December 15.




A woman puts a flower near crosses planted by Rio de Paz (Rio of Peace), in memory of the victims of the Sandy Hook Elementary school shooting on Copacabana beach in Rio de Janeiro on December 15.




A woman sits during a service at the Asylum Hill Congregational Church in Hartford, Connecticut on Friday, December 14.




Fans at the NBA game between the Utah Jazz and the Phoenix Suns participate in a moment of silence for the victims of the Newtown shooting on December 14 in Phoenix, Arizona.




An overflow crowd listens to a church service held at the St. Rose of Lima Catholic Church in Newtown on December 14.




People gather for a prayer vigil at St. Rose Church on December 14.




People gather for a vigil outside the White House in Washington following the Connecticut elementary school shooting on December 14.




Candles burn as people gather for a vigil outside the White House on Friday.




Hartford, Connecticut, Mayor Padro Segarra speaks emotionally about the students and teachers who died earlier in the day at Sandy Hook Elementary School in nearby Newtown at a candlelight vigil at Bushnell Park in Hartford on December 14.




Cynthia Alvarez is comforted by her mother, Lilia, as people gather for a prayer vigil at St. Rose of Lima Roman Catholic Church in Newtown.




People gather for a prayer vigil at St. Rose Church in Newtown on December 14.




People gather for a prayer vigil at St Rose Church in Newtown on December 14.




People gather inside the St. Rose Church to remember the shooting victims on December 14.




A woman bows her head during a vigil for the shooting victims on December 14.




People gather in the St. Rose Church during a service on December 14.




Women comfort each other during the vigil at St. Rose Church on December 14.




 A woman looks on during the vigial on December 14.




People hug outside of the Newtown United Methodist Church on December 14, in Newtown, Connecticut, near the site of the shootings at the Sandy Hook Elementary School.




A flag at the U.S. Capitol flies at half-staff after President Barack Obama ordered the action while speaking from the White House. Obama called for "meaningful action" in the wake of the school shooting.




Julie Henson of San Francisco joins other people outside the White House to participate in a candlelight vigil to remember the victims at the Sandy Hook Elementary School shooting in Newtown, Connecticut on December 14, 2012. According to reports, the gunman killed 20 children and six adults.




U.S. President Barack Obama wipes tears as he makes a statement in response to the elementary school shooting in Connecticut on December 14.




Washington resident Rachel Perrone, left, and her 5-year-old son, Joe, center, join others outside the White House in a candlelight vigil on December 14.




Faisal Ali, right, of Colorado Springs, Colorado, joins the vigil outside the White House on December 14.




People gather outside the White House to participate in a candlelight vigil.




Supporters of gun control hold a candlelight vigil for victims of the Sandy Hook Elementary School shooting outside the White House on Decmber 14.




HIDE CAPTION


Newtown school shooting: World reacts
Newtown school shooting: World reacts
Newtown school shooting: World reacts
Newtown school shooting: World reacts
Newtown school shooting: World reacts
Newtown school shooting: World reacts
Newtown school shooting: World reacts
Newtown school shooting: world reacts
Newtown school shooting: world reacts
Newtown school shooting: world reacts
Newtown school shooting: world reacts
Newtown school shooting: world reacts
Newtown school shooting: world reacts
Newtown school shooting: world reacts
Newtown school shooting: world reacts
Newtown school shooting: world reacts
Newtown school shooting: world reacts
Newtown school shooting: world reacts
Newtown school shooting: world reacts
Newtown school shooting: world reacts
Newtown school shooting: world reacts
Newtown school shooting: world reacts
Newtown school shooting: world reacts
Newtown school shooting: world reacts
Newtown school shooting: world reacts
Newtown school shooting: world reacts
Newtown school shooting: world reacts
Newtown school shooting: world reacts
Newtown school shooting: world reacts
Newtown school shooting: world reacts



<<
<





1





2





3





4





5





6





7





8





9





10





11





12





13





14





15





16





17





18





19





20





21





22





23





24





25





26





27





28





29





30


>
>>






STORY HIGHLIGHTS


LZ Granderson: The promise a parent makes to a child is "I will keep you safe"
He says mass murders spread fear that parents can't protect their children
Granderson: Small towns, movie theaters, schools, malls have become vulnerable places




Editor's note: LZ Granderson, who writes a weekly column for CNN.com, was named journalist of the year by the National Lesbian and Gay Journalists Association and is a 2011 Online Journalism Award finalist for commentary. He is a senior writer and columnist for ESPN the Magazine and ESPN.com. Follow him on Twitter: @locs_n_laughs
Grand Rapids, Michigan (CNN) -- December 13, 1996.
My son, barely a few moments old, is crying. I walk toward the medical room bassinette where he is lying, smile, and then tell him not to worry... daddy's here. And then ever so gently I place his tidy hand inside mine and again tell him daddy's here... I will keep you safe.
He stops crying.


LZ Granderson

I start.
And thus began a parent and child relationship that is probably no different than the billions that came before that night and the billions in the 16 years after. Of all the natural instincts that enslave my body, the desire to love and protect my son is a master I have never rebelled against. And I am sure many of you can agree: Being a parent can be both a person's greatest joy and greatest sense of anxiety.
"I will keep you safe," is what we tell them.


Become a fan of CNNOpinion
Stay up to date on the latest opinion, analysis and conversations through social media. Join us at Facebook/CNNOpinion and follow us @CNNOpinion on Twitter. We welcome your ideas and comments.




And then something like the shooting at Sandy Hook Elementary happens, or the shooting at the mall in Oregon, or the movie theater in Aurora, and you are reminded of how increasingly difficult it is to do just that.
There have been 31 school shootings since Columbine in 1999, and sadly there is not a damn thing to suggest there won't be 31 more.
In my 20 years of journalism, I have had quite a few conversations with mourning mothers and fathers who have had to bury their children. Last year I interviewed a father who dropped his son off at football practice and never saw him alive again -- taken by an undiagnosed heart ailment. I cried for hours afterward. I'm sure that father still cries on occasion today.
But something different grips your soul when you know the cause of a child's premature death was not brought on by ill health or an accident, but rather an outbreak of senseless violence that took place somewhere we once viewed as safe -- like an elementary school. Or as we saw late this summer in Wisconsin, a place of worship.
We hurt and weep for the victims while fighting off a chilling fear that the same thing can happen to us. I can take my son to the doctor to have his heart checked out, but how do I or any of us drop our children off at school on Monday and not be worried?




Candlelight vigil in Newtown





Newtown family reacts to massacre





Piers Morgan, guests debate gun control

Scared?
Some of us who choose to live in small cities or nice neighborhoods used to be able to cloak ourselves with the comfort of "it can't happen here." But in this new America, it can.
It has.
Newtown, Connecticut, is far from the mean streets of New York City.
There are fewer than 28,000 people there.
And it happened.
What are parents supposed to do? "I will keep you safe" is so much harder today, and at times I feel as if I'm running out of places to hide. Do I keep him away from the movie theater? The mall? School?
Tragedies like these usually reignite discussions surrounding gun laws, but those talks and possible changes do nothing to ease the fear millions of parents are dealing with right now. Guns are the symptoms, the true disease is a culture that embraces, glorifies, and monetizes violence.
In the summer of 2011, a man drove through the heart of my mid-size city's downtown and randomly sprayed the streets with bullets -- striking innocent bystanders before speeding down the street and eventually killing himself. What am I supposed to do, not let my son go to the library that's down there?
"I will keep you safe" is my promise to him, and there are days in which I feel as if this new America is determined to make keeping that promise as hard as possible.
Follow @CNNOpinion on Twitter
Join us at Facebook/CNNOpinion

The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of LZ Granderson.




0
Comments »












Print
Email
More sharing


















We recommend



From around the web




























Part of complete coverage on 
Opinion on the news


Parents' promise: I will keep you safe

updated 11:42 AM EST, Sat December 15, 2012




LZ Granderson says parents are confronting new anxiety over their inability to protect their children in a world of violence.



Enough with our cowardice

updated 1:37 PM EST, Sat December 15, 2012




Roland Martin asks whether the U.S. has become a nation of cowards desperate to duck real issues such as gun control, mental illness



Mourn, and take action on guns

updated 9:08 PM EST, Fri December 14, 2012




Ethan Zuckerman says ignore those who warn against "politicizing" the Newtown shootings; mourn these senseless deaths by demanding we change our laws, culture to end gun violence. 



An unfair portrait of Susan Rice

updated 9:22 AM EST, Fri December 14, 2012




Amar Bakshi, a former assistant to the U.N. ambassador, says articles criticizing Rice's personality were caricatures of her real self



It's 'slime' time in college football

updated 12:19 PM EST, Fri December 14, 2012




Jeff Pearlman says he wouldn't trust new Western Kentucky football coach Bobby Petrino with his dog



Follow CNN Opinion on Twitter





Get the latest opinion and analysis from CNN's columnists and contributors.



A lucky day for Susan Rice

updated 9:21 AM EST, Fri December 14, 2012




David Rothkopf says Rice didn't achieve her dream of becoming secretary of state, but it's likely that whomever gets the job will face a constant ordeal confronting America's serious global challengess



A feminist film epic and the real women of the CIA

updated 5:49 PM EST, Thu December 13, 2012




The new film Zero Dark Thirty gets it right, says Peter Bergen -- the hunt for bin Laden owed much to the role of female analysts who found key clues 



Do you believe in celebrity wardrobe 'malfunction'? 

updated 7:55 AM EST, Fri December 14, 2012




Dean Obeidallah says Anne Hathaway's mishap makes us wonder if we are being played for idiots by celebrities seeking attention 



Will Obama help unions?

updated 5:13 PM EST, Thu December 13, 2012




Nelson Lichtenstein: President Obama and the Democrats need to defend trade unionism in its hour of need. 



CIA's most famous operative is a secret star

updated 7:59 AM EST, Thu December 13, 2012




Howard Kurtz says the new film "Zero Dark Thirty" is going to make a hero of a hard-charging woman who helped drive the hunt for bin Laden, but her name is a secret. 



Javier Bardem: Stand up for the abused in Western Sahara

updated 1:02 PM EST, Thu December 13, 2012




The actor says Morocco has been abusing the human rights of about 200,000 Sahrawi people, and the international community should exert pressure to stop it.



Ravi Shankar, emissary for world beat

updated 8:14 AM EST, Thu December 13, 2012




Gene Seymour says "Beauty" seemed somehow an insufficient description for the sounds that came from Ravi Shankar's sitar in a concert hall. 



Have yourself a merry atheist Christmas!

updated 9:31 AM EST, Thu December 13, 2012




Penn Jillette describes how The Monkees might offer strategy in the war on Christmas. But for a war, it's pretty harmless. 



One small step for Kim Jong Un

updated 5:05 PM EST, Thu December 13, 2012




Joe Cirincione: North Korea's successful launch of a satellite is a major feat, but it is not a serious military threat to other nations. 












NewsPulse

Most popular stories right now


Wal-Mart slashes prices on iPhone and iPad





Sheppard: Malala is face of school attacks





Fiscal cliff indecision leaves paychecks up in the air





Live blog: Children and adults gunned down in Connecticut school massacre





'Why? Why?': 26 dead in school massacre




Explore the news with NewsPulse »





























                     Home | Video | CNN Trends | U.S. | World | Politics | Justice | Entertainment | Tech | Health | Living | Travel | Opinion | iReport | Money | Sports Tools & widgets | RSS | Podcasts | Blogs | CNN mobile | My profile | E-mail alerts | CNN shop | Site map    CNN en ESPAÑOL | CNN Chile | CNN Expansion | العربية | 한국어 | 日本語 | Türkçe CNN TV | HLN | Transcripts |    © 2012 Cable News Network. Turner Broadcasting System, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Terms of service | Privacy guidelines | Ad choices | Advertise with us | About us | Contact us | Work for us | Help             










