Connecticut school shooting: Gunman's massacre may have been stopped short - chicagotribune.com














 





News





Home


Member Center


Weather


Traffic


Subscribe


Mobile


Digital Plus


Newsletters & Alerts


Photos


Video


Death Notices


Classified


Weekly Ads


Advertising Services


Media Kit




News


Breaking


Chicagoland


TribLocal


Nation & World


Watchdog


Local Politics


National Politics


Obituaries


Schools


Chicago crime


Maps & Apps


Trib Nation


Columns




Business


Breaking


Technology


Money


Work Life


Chicago Stocks


Columns




Sports


Breaking


Bears


Bulls


Blackhawks


Cubs


White Sox


Colleges


High Schools


Soccer


Golf


International


Scores


Columns




A&E


Breaking


Movies


Theater


Music


Television


Celebrities


Events


Architecture


Arts


Comics


Puzzles


Columns




Lifestyles


Travel


Health


Food & Dining


Books


Home & Garden


Religion


Life Lessons


Ask Amy


TribU Events


HolidayHub


Horoscopes


Lottery


Shopping


Columns


Cancer Central




Opinion


Editorials


Guest Commentary


Letters


Stantis Cartoons


Today's Columns


All Columns


News


Sports


Business


A&E 


Lifestyles




Real Estate


Buy a Home


Sell Your Home


Latest Sales


Apartments & Condos


Neighborhoods & Suburbs


Foreclosure News


Luxury Real Estate




Cars


Buy a Car


Sell Your Car


Car Reviews


Car Care




Jobs


Find a Job


List Your Job


Top Workplaces






































Advanced Search



Advanced Search
X







include all of these words: 
include any of these words: 
include this exact phrase: 
exclude: 

 Select a date range


this week
past 30 days
past 3 months
past year




 Create a custom date range

From: 
To: 





















Search











Become a Member

Access our very best investigative reporting, opinion and commentary.


Welcome !
Look for the  icon to access members-only premium content.








Home
            
        
            
                
                
                    
                    
                     
                         > News




Connecticut school shooting: Gunman's massacre may have been stopped short






































1
2
next
|   single page



Robbie Parker, the father of six-year-old Emilie - one of the first graders slain in the Connecticut elementary school massacre - shares emotional memories of his daughter.



2:30 p.m. CST, December 16, 2012




NEWTOWN, Conn.—
                            
                            
                            
The gunman in the Connecticut shooting rampage shot his mother four times in the head before going to the school and gunning down 26, authorities said Sunday as details emerged suggesting that Adam Lanza had planned an even more gruesome massacre but was stopped short.
Lanza blasted his way into the building and used a high-power rifle to kill 20 children and six adults, including the principal who tried to stop him, authorities said.




Related


Feinstein to introduce gun control bill


Photos: The victims



Photos: Heartbreak after shooting



Details emerge on how, but not why



The victims and their stories


See more stories »


X


Aunt of suspect shocked, saddenedFather of suspected shooter 'in state of disbelief'Sandy Hook tragedy: Talking to kids about traumaCondolence book for Sandy Hook shootings Slaughter in Newtown: What to do?'I love you. Be careful'









The unthinkable bloodshed might even have been worse. Gov. Dannel Malloy said Lanza shot himself as first responders entered the building and a law enforcement official said Lanza had "lots of ammo" on him when he died, enough to carry out significant additional carnage. The official he was not authorized to release details of the case and spoke on condition of anonymity.
"We surmise that it was during the second classroom episode that he heard responders coming and apparently at that, decided to take his own life," Malloy said on ABC's "This Week."
As President Barack Obama prepared a visit and churches opened their doors to comfort a grieving town Sunday, federal agents fanned out to dozens of gun stores and shooting ranges across Connecticut, chasing leads they hoped would cast light on Lanza's life.
Among the questions: Why did his mother, a well-to-do suburban divorcee, keep a cache of high-power weapons in the house? What experience did Lanza have with those guns? And, above all, what set him on a path to go classroom-by-classroom, massacring 6- and 7-year-olds?
Malloy offered no possible motive for the shooting and a law enforcement official has said police have found no letters or diaries left behind that could shed light on it.
Lanza shot his mother, Nancy Lanza, to death at the home they shared Friday. She was shot four times in the head and found in her bed wearing pajamas, said a state official who was not authorized to disclose details of the investigation and spoke on condition of anonymity.
Lanza then drove to Sandy Hook Elementary School in her car with at least three of his mother's guns, forced his way in by breaking a window and opened fire, authorities said. Within minutes, he killed the children, six adults and himself.
All the victims at the school were shot with a rifle, at least some of them up close, and all were apparently shot more than once, Chief Medical Examiner Dr. H. Wayne Carver said. There were as many as 11 shots on the bodies he examined. Lanza died of a gunshot wound to the head from a 10 mm gun, and the bullet was recovered in a classroom wall, said the same official who described the scene at his mother's house.
All six adults killed at the school were women. Of the 20 children, eight were boys and 12 were girls.
Asked whether the children suffered, Carver said, "If so, not for very long." Asked how many bullets were fired, Carver said, "I'm lucky if I can tell you how many I found."
Parents identified the children through photos to spare them some shock, Carver said.
The terrible details about the last moments of young innocents emerged as authorities released their names and ages — the youngest 6 and 7, the oldest 56. They included Ana Marquez-Greene, a little girl who had just moved to Newtown from Canada; Victoria Soto, a 27-year-old teacher who apparently died while trying to hide her pupils; and principal Dawn Hochsprung, who authorities said lunged at the gunman in an attempt to overtake him.
The tragedy has plunged Newtown into mourning and added the picturesque New England community of 27,000 people to the grim map of towns where mass shootings in recent years have periodically reignited the national debate over gun control but led to little change.
School officials were trying to determine what to do about sending the survivors back to class, Newtown police Lt. George Sinko said at a news conference Sunday.
Sinko said he "would find it very difficult" for students to return to the school. But, he added, "we want to keep these kids together. They need to support each other," he said.
Plans were being made for some students to attend classes in nearby Monroe, said Jim Agostine, superintendent of schools there.
Residents and faith leaders reflected Sunday on the mass shooting and what meaning, if any, to find in it. Obama planned to attend an interfaith vigil — the fourth time he will have traveled to a city after a mass shooting.
At Saint Rose of Lima Roman Catholic church, Jennifer Waters, who at 6 is the same age as many of the victims and attends a different school, came to Mass on Sunday in Newtown with a lot of questions.







1
2
next
|   single page







































 








RECOMMENDED VIDEO





















Video




Photo galleries













Scared of Santa














Top 10 new hotels
















Chicago's must-try dishes














Week 15: Bears vs. Packers






















Chicago Breaking News

11-year-old girl critically hurt when hit by car on Far South Side




























ChicagoNow







Elf on the Shelf: For adults only






You be judge: Which is the "Most Festive Pet" this holiday season?





Join ChicagoNow...







Metromix







Reader favorites: Chicago brunch spots















Send us your event information.




 











Manage Subscription




Home delivery




Advertising Services




Connect With Us




Site Index




Mobile














Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
About Our Ads
Chicago Tribune, 435 N. Michigan Ave., Chicago, IL 60611








A Tribune Newspaper website































