ME: Nancy Lanza shot in head multiple times - Darien News






 





(skip this header)



 









 




Sunday, December 16, 2012







 



Weather | 
Contact Us
 












dariennewsonline.com

Web Search by YAHOO!

Businesses





Register
Sign In











HomeNewsSportsPolice ReportsCommunityOpinionComicsJobsHomesRentalsCars

Index ▼





Close [X]
            Quick links to other pages on this site | Still can't find it? see Site Index








More Community News:Fairfield CitizenGreenwich CitizenNew Canaan NewsNorwalk CitizenWestport News






























« Back to Article









ME: Nancy Lanza shot in head multiple times





News Times


Copyright 2012 News Times. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
 
Staff reports


                Updated 3:28 pm, Sunday, December 16, 2012
            












Tweet

















Comments (0)





Larger | Smaller




Printable Version






Email This



 Georgia (default) Verdana Times New Roman ArialFont



 





Page 1 of 1


NEWTOWN -- The mother of suspected Sandy Hook Elementary School shooter Adam Lanza was shot multiple times in the head, the state's Chief Medical Examiner said Sunday.
An autopsy on Nancy Lanza was finished Sunday morning and her death has been classified as a homicide, said H. Wayne Carver II.
Sources have said Nancy Lanza was killed by her son Adam inside the home they shared in Newtown before the mass shooting at the school.
Carver said an autopsy was also completed Sunday on Adam Lanza, who died of a gunshot wound to the head. His death has been ruled as suicide.
Autopsies on the 26 victims who died inside the school -- six adults and 20 children -- were completed by Saturday. All died of gunshot wounds and their deaths have all been ruled as homicides. Carver said each of the victims were shot multiple times by a rifle.
State police spokesman Lt. J. Paul Vance said  Sunday morning that investigators have found useful evidence as they attempt to understand why a heavily armed Lanza forced his way into Sandy Hook Elementary School, guns blazing, Friday morning.
"Our goal is to paint a picture so we all know and the public knows, what happened here," Vance told reporters. Vance said the "best of the best" federal, state and local investigators are working the case.
He also said that a number of social media hoaxes have been created, purporting to represent the shooter's views or to mimic the crime scene. Vance warned that the creators of those hoaxes may be criminally prosecuted.
Vance declined to release a timeline of the shooting or to detail what authorities know regarding the weapons used. He did say that the shooting scene was limited to "two classrooms and a hallway" in the school.
He also said that, contrary to earlier reports that only one person had been injured in the shooting and had survived, two individuals were injured.









 Printable Version


 Email This






Tweet














ME: Nancy Lanza shot in head multiple times


News Times


Copyright 2012 News Times. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
 
    	Updated 3:28 pm, Sunday, December 16, 2012
  	


The mother of suspected Sandy Hook Elementary School shooter Adam Lanza was shot multiple times in the head, the state's Chief Medical Examiner said Sunday.

Sources have said Nancy Lanza was killed by her son Adam inside the home they shared in Newtown before the mass shooting at the school....

























Most Read
| Most Commented



Teacher from Stratford shielded students


Reporter broke news to father of suspect


What pushed shooter to kill?


Conn. gunman broke in, shot kids multiple times


Conn. victims: Lively youngsters, devoted adults


Divorce pulled Lanza family apart


Town 'will never be the same again'




Rabbi: 'God did not do these things'


Darien's Hindley School relishes Blue Ribbon status





 



Local advertising by PaperG













Darien News

Home
News
Sports
Entertainment
Obituaries
Living
Opinion
Jobs
Homes




Rentals
Cars
Business Directory
Services & Info


Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Hearst Corporation



How To

Get More Hair Volume
Virtual Makeover
Try Virtual Hairstyles
Find Haircut Ideas
Get Wavy Hair
Get Rid of Blackheads
Teen Hairstyles
Beauty Tips
Going Green Tips
How to Stop Hair Loss
Get Longer Lashes



Best

Hair Color
Soup Recipes
Best Eye Cream
iPod Docking Stations
Twilight Trivia
Twilight Quizzes
Best Haircuts Ever
New Beauty Products
Fragrances for Women
Best Toning Exercises
Paint Colors



Beauty

Get Celebrity Hairstyles
Best Beauty Trends
Medium Length Hair
Cover Under Eye Circles
Treat Damaged Hair
Best Anti-Aging Cream
Half-Up Hairstyle
Best Beauty Products
Fast & Easy Hairstyles
Best Health Secrets
Eye Makeup Tips



Food & Health

Pasta Salad Recipes
Amazing Soup Diet
Low Calorie Recipes
Best Diet Plan
Mixed Drinks Recipes
Best Sandwiches
Rachael Ray Recipes
Coupons for Groceries
Chicken Breast Recipes
Cake Recipes
Grilled Chicken Recipes
Ad Choices 







 

© 2012 Hearst Communications Inc.



			A quadrantONE partner
		  



© 2012 Hearst Communications Inc.


   

        	
	

















 


