'Pilgrims' pour into Sandy Hook Village after massacre - CSMonitor.com




Switch to Desktop Site













The Christian Science Monitor

 



Top Stories
Quizzes
Sections

 




USA


			'Pilgrims' pour into Sandy Hook Village after massacre
					

As church bells pealed in Sandy Hook Village Sunday, people from across the region came to the site of the school shooting to offer teddy bears and roses as they tried to sort out a national tragedy.

									By 		
	
				
					            				
	Patrik Jonsson, Staff writer /
								December 16, 2012
			




A man hugs a boy at a memorial near Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown, Connecticut , on Sunday. Twelve girls, eight boys and six adult women were killed in a shooting at the school.

Eric Thayer/REUTERS







About these ads




SANDY HOOK VILLAGE, Conn.

As church bells pealed and Sandy Hook residents on Sunday retreated to private church services to seek solace in the wake of the nation's worst-ever primary school shooting, hundreds of self-proclaimed "pilgrims" trudged stunned and red-eyed toward the massacre site to offer teddy bears and roses to the 20 first graders and six school staff who died Friday.



 
In Pictures
American Gun Culture
 


They included a former Marine who counseled kids in Iraq, a state school association officer, local teachers, and families from as far away as San Antonio, Texas. They were met by large lit letters at the village crossroads that read, "Faith. Hope. Love."Their urge to congregate in support of the families of the children echoed a wave of global support and prayers that have poured into the town since a local 20-year-old named Adam Lanza forced his way into Sandy Hook Elementary School Friday morning and killed 20 children at close range, and also shot six staffers trying to shield the children. As police closed in, Mr. Lanza, police say, shot himself with the assault-style rifle used in the attack.When tragedy strikes: a prayerful response to the shootings in Connecticut


Next
Page:  
																																	1
							  |  																														2
							  |  																														3


Share




Facebook





Twitter




E-mail this article



Related


In Pictures
American Gun Culture


Sandy Hook families: Coming together to comfort and heal


Sandy Hook school shooting: Few easy answers for a violent culture (+video)


Sandy Hook School shooting: Voices from around the world


The Monitor's View
Newtown shootings: What to say to ourselves


More from: 
		
								
					
	
			USA



How much will your taxes go up if US falls off 'fiscal cliff'? (+video)
 


NATO summit: Why US, allies don't just call it quits in Afghanistan
 


Bonjour, Hollande. Ready for a gentle arm-twisting at the White House? (+video)
 


Top 9 reasons Congress is broken
 


On renewal of Violence Against Women Act, Senate Democrats have upper hand
 

View all USA





Top Stories



 
Jailed without conviction: Behind bars for lack of money
 


Entrepreneur Joe Edwards helps make St. Louis vibrant again


The Vote

			Gimme shelter! Your Rolling Stones guide to the 'fiscal cliff'
	


Reports: Sen. John Kerry to be named Secretary of State


'Pilgrims' pour into Sandy Hook Village after massacre


Taliban attack on Pakistani airport highlights changed tactics


Referendum on constitution reveals a deeply divided Egypt


In Pictures
Santa Clones!


December 16, 2012
Photos of the Day


The Monitor's View
Newtown shootings: What to say to ourselves


Gallery
Monitor Political Cartoons


Opinion
Next time, US Senate should ratify UN disabilities treaty  



Cover storyInside the mind of Iran's Khamenei




Most Viewed



 
GOP cracks in higher taxes for the wealthy?
 


Sandy Hook shooting: Stories of heroism, ways to help (+video)


Sandy Hook school shooting: Few easy answers for a violent culture (+video)


Sandy Hook: Police say shooter forced his way into school 


'Pilgrims' pour into Sandy Hook Village after massacre




Sections

World
USA
Commentary
Business
Energy/Environment
Innovation
Science
The Culture
Books





Search:




 


Helpful links

About us
Mobile site FAQ
Terms
Your privacy
Corrections
Questions and comments












View full site


Terms  &  Privacy Policy


© The Christian Science Monitor. All Rights Reserved.















   
 
 




