Connecticut school massacre: How the shooting happened  - chicagotribune.com














 





News





Home


Member Center


Weather


Traffic


Subscribe


Mobile


Digital Plus


Newsletters & Alerts


Photos


Video


Death Notices


Classified


Weekly Ads


Advertising Services


Media Kit




News


Breaking


Chicagoland


TribLocal


Nation & World


Watchdog


Local Politics


National Politics


Obituaries


Schools


Chicago crime


Maps & Apps


Trib Nation


Columns




Business


Breaking


Technology


Money


Work Life


Chicago Stocks


Columns




Sports


Breaking


Bears


Bulls


Blackhawks


Cubs


White Sox


Colleges


High Schools


Soccer


Golf


International


Scores


Columns




A&E


Breaking


Movies


Theater


Music


Television


Celebrities


Events


Architecture


Arts


Comics


Puzzles


Columns




Lifestyles


Travel


Health


Food & Dining


Books


Home & Garden


Religion


Life Lessons


Ask Amy


TribU Events


HolidayHub


Horoscopes


Lottery


Shopping


Columns


Cancer Central




Opinion


Editorials


Guest Commentary


Letters


Stantis Cartoons


Today's Columns


All Columns


News


Sports


Business


A&E 


Lifestyles




Real Estate


Buy a Home


Sell Your Home


Latest Sales


Apartments & Condos


Neighborhoods & Suburbs


Foreclosure News


Luxury Real Estate




Cars


Buy a Car


Sell Your Car


Car Reviews


Car Care




Jobs


Find a Job


List Your Job


Top Workplaces






































Advanced Search



Advanced Search
X







include all of these words: 
include any of these words: 
include this exact phrase: 
exclude: 

 Select a date range


this week
past 30 days
past 3 months
past year




 Create a custom date range

From: 
To: 





















Search











Become a Member

Access our very best investigative reporting, opinion and commentary.


Welcome !
Look for the  icon to access members-only premium content.








Home
            
        
            
                
                
                    
                    
                     
                         > News




Connecticut school massacre: How the shooting happened 






































1
2
next
|   single page



Robbie Parker, the father of six-year-old Emilie - one of the first graders slain in the Connecticut elementary school massacre - shares emotional memories of his daughter.


By EDMUND H. MAHONY and DAVE ALTIMARI
10:44 p.m. CST, December 15, 2012




Adam Lanza blasted his way into the Sandy Hook Elementary School. He fired a half-dozen thunderous rounds from a semiautomatic rifle to open a hole big enough to step through in one of the school's glass doors.
Once inside, he had to make a choice.
Principal Dawn Hochsprung's office was straight ahead. To the right, 25 or so children were rehearsing a play in the school cafeteria. To his left were the first-grade classrooms.




Related


Obama to visit with families



Photos: Newtown victims



Photos: Heartbreak after shooting



The Victims And Their Stories




Lanza turned left.
It was about 9:40 a.m. Friday. In just minutes, Lanza — a withdrawn, emotionally detached 20-year-old who lived with his mother and is said to have played graphically violent computer video games — would kill 26 people in the country's second-largest mass killing. Dead were 20 children, four teachers, the school principal and a school psychologist. Earlier in the morning, Lanza shot and killed his mother, Nancy, perhaps the only person with whom he was socially engaged.
Lanza shot himself as police arrived, sirens wailing.
Late Saturday, an army of police detectives continued to interview members of Lanza's family and others who knew him, searching for answers to innumerable questions — chief among them what could have driven anyone to such violence.
Several sources in law enforcement and elsewhere provided what they said was the most current information on how the events leading to the school shootings unfolded.
On Friday morning, as Lanza turned left, toward the first-grade classrooms, Hochsprung and school psychologist Mary Scherlach, shocked by the sounds of gunfire and shattering glass, bolted into a corridor from a conference room across the hall from the classrooms.
He shot them both with the rifle.
The first classroom that Lanza reached was that of teacher Kaitlin Roig. Alarmed by the gunfire, she had hidden her students in a bathroom and closed her classroom door. For reasons that could not be explained Saturday, Lanza passed by Roig's classroom.
The classroom he chose to enter was substitute teacher Lauren Rousseau's, where he proceeded to systematically shoot everyone inside — the 14 children who investigators believe were huddled and clutching one another in fear, Rousseau and a special education teacher who happened to be in the room. Rousseau was filling in for the regular teacher, who was out on maternity leave. Rousseau had been teaching at the school for six weeks.
"There were 14 coats hanging there and 14 bodies. He killed them all," said a law enforcement officer involved in the case.
Lanza next arrived at teacher Victoria Soto's classroom. Soto is believed to have hidden her 6- and 7-year old students in a classroom closet. When Lanza demanded to know where the children were, Soto tried to divert him to the other end of the school by saying that her students were in the auditorium.
But six of Soto's students tried to flee. Lanza shot them, Soto and another teacher who was in the room. Later, in their search for survivors, police found the remaining seven of Soto's students still hiding in the closet. They told the police what had happened.
The two teacher's aides who were killed were Mary Anne Murphy and Rachel Davino. It was unclear which aide was in which room when they were killed.
The first officer to arrive at the school found Lanza's body near the door of Soto's classroom.
The intense violence lasted about 10 minutes. Lanza fired at least three, 30-round magazines with deadly accuracy. Two of the people he shot survived. All of the victims were shot multiple times.
"I did seven (autopsies) myself with three to 11 wounds apiece," Chief State Medical Examiner Dr. H. Wayne Carver III said Saturday. "Only two were shot at close range. I believe everybody was hit (by bullets) more than once."
Investigators believe that the violence began even earlier that morning in the 4,000-square-foot home on Yogananda Street where Lanza is believed to have lived with his mother. He hasn't spoken since 2010 to his brother, Ryan, or his father, Peter, who has a home in Stamford and another in New Jersey, the sources said.




Copyright © 2012, The Hartford Courant



1
2
next
|   single page








































 






RECOMMENDED VIDEO





















Video




Photo galleries













Scared of Santa














Top 10 new hotels
















Chicago's must-try dishes














Week 15: Bears vs. Packers






















Chicago Breaking News

11-year-old girl critically hurt when hit by car on Far South Side




























ChicagoNow







Elf on the Shelf: For adults only






You be judge: Which is the "Most Festive Pet" this holiday season?





Join ChicagoNow...







Metromix







Reader favorites: Chicago brunch spots















Send us your event information.




 











Manage Subscription




Home delivery




Advertising Services




Connect With Us




Site Index




Mobile














Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
About Our Ads
Chicago Tribune, 435 N. Michigan Ave., Chicago, IL 60611








A Tribune Newspaper website































