  Fatal Shooting at Connecticut School   | Maboot.com



Home
About us
Disclaimer
Privacy Policy





  

 





 


Entertainment

Fashion

Health

Politics

Sports

Technology


 


Home
Politics Fatal Shooting at Connecticut School				 Fatal Shooting at Connecticut School


	    		13 hours ago
	    		by Bobby Simmons 0
 



Just when we thought our biggest problem over the last several months was getting out of debt as a country, we have been hit by much worse. It all started with the shooting massacre at the Batman premiere showing in Colorado. This was followed by several other threats of violence, and some actual acts were carried out, on campuses throughout the United States. Kansas City also had an alleged threat from someone wanting to know if they were on the terrorist list, which prompted them to close down some of their federal office buildings in the city for the remainder of that day. All of these events are scary, and when you have a situation of anyone’s life ending or being threatened it is bad.
However, when you talk about what happened today at the Connecticut school, you are looking at a true problem that needs to be solved. Did the other situations give the alleged criminal a right to end someone’s life or threaten to do so? Absolutely not. These people all have loving families who, for one, were extremely worried about their wellbeing. Secondly, the criminals in the previously mentioned cases also took the right of freedom and security away from the victims’ families as it is safe to bet they no longer go anywhere in public anymore without wondering if something could happen to them.



Today’s event was a little different. This man, Mr. Lanza, a 20-year old, walked into two different classrooms and killed 20 students. To make matters worse, these were kids in a kindergarten through fourth-grade facility. Twenty kids who will not be with their families to celebrate the Christmas festivities. Twenty families who will never get to see their kid graduate high school, pursue their dream career or even get married.
The total fatality count is now up to 28, which includes the original 20 students plus eight adults. Mr. Lanza fatally shot his mother, who is a teacher at the school, the school’s principal, the psychologist and five others that we know of so far. This has brought about an even stronger push for gun control, and Obama spoke on the issue this afternoon after receiving word of the horrific event.
The strongest argument is not necessarily to take away the right to own a firearm, but to require those who wish to own one to have to face a rigorous process including a more-extensive background check.







 


 Bobby Simmons
	    				Bobby Simmons is a political news reporter and has a vast experience in covering politics. He has received recognition at high level news media and has joined Maboot.com to provide the same.	    			

 



Share This Post
Tweet


 














 

 





Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.
 



Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website








 
 
 









Google+
Twitter
Facebook
RSS
 

 



Latest
Popular
Comments
 







Anibal Sanchez Re-Signs with Tigers
14 mins ago 0
 





New Details on Sandy Hook Shooting
15 mins ago 0
 





Fatal Shooting at Connecticut School
13 hours ago 0
 





Tom Watson to Captain 2014 Ryder Cup Team
1 day ago 0
 





Another Ranger Departs Texas
1 day ago 0
 



 





Degenerate Model/Actor Pinched In New Hampshire College Coed Killing
63 days ago 8
 





MSNBC Host Chris Matthews Says GOP Wants ‘Shariah’ Law
58 days ago 7
 





Rick Ross Cancels Tour Amid Safety Concerns
6 days ago 6
 





Romney’s Loss not Completely Bad- According to Mormons
31 days ago 5
 





Lil Wayne Reveals His Plans To Retire From Music
21 days ago 5
 



 








			Herry69: lots and lots and lots of great carpet munching here !!!...



		








			Miranda: FINALLY! NICKI AND JUSTIN SUCK!!!!!! One D is good but I feel lik...



		








			CASTRO: RICK ROSS IS WEAK SAUCE. AINT GANGSTA, AINT STREETS, AINT REAL. B...



		








			Christopher Cleare Glashaus: Any public figure who would change his or her itinerary because o...



		








			kim: Issac Hayes is stalking him for stealing his look. Rick Ross real...



		



 

css
dropbox
featured
google
mysql
opinion
php
review
tips
ubuntu
windows 7
wordpress  

 


 




 
  		© 2012 Maboot.com. All rights reserved. Site Admin · Entries RSS · Comments RSS   Powered by WordPress · Designed by Theme Junkie      
