One result of that, however, was that the definition of what it meant to be Roman began to blur. When Trajan (a Spaniard) became emperor in 98 AD, it opened the door for non-Romans to assume the purple. Some of Rome's most famous emperors weren't even from Italy -- Trajan, Hadrian and Marcus Aurelius were all from Spain, Septimius Severus was from North Africa, Philip the Arab was, well, an Arab (not really, but he was from Syria), etc. The emperors who brought an end to the Crisis of the Third Century (Diocletian, Constantine, and my favorite emperor, Aurelian) all hailed from the Balkans. Rome also had a very unique (at least for the ancient world) view of citizenship within its borders. I'll quote Alaric Watson (oddly appropriate first name) on this one: The term "Roman" was itself undergoing something of a metamorphosis, as the Roman empire ceased to be merely an empire ruled from Rome and developed towards a world community with which the provincial population could readily identify...One of the most crucial factors in this shifting perspective was the spread of Roman citizenship. Compared with most city-states in the ancient world, or indeed in almost any period, Rome was remarkably generous in allowing the rights of citizenship to the peoples she conquered. This process began with the incorporation of the Italian peoples under the republic and continued under the empire with the inclusion of large numbers of provincials from both west and east. In 213...the emperor Caracalla took this process to its logical conclusion by extending citizenship to all the free inhabitants of the empire. Literary sources hostile to Caracalla attribute to him the covert design of increasing the empire's tax tax base. One possible downside of Caracalla's edict, however, was that it dramatically altered the makeup of the Roman army. Previously, the army was made up of legionaries (made up exclusively of citizens who served for roughly twenty years in exchange for land upon completing their service) and auxiliaries (non-citizens recruited from the provinces who served for a similar period of time and received citizenship upon their discharge). Service in the army was viewed as an attractive path to citizenship, but with citizenship now extended to everyone, the line between the legions and the auxiliary blurred dramatically. By the 400s AD, the Roman military was heavily barbarized and reliant on barbarian troops recruited from along the borders, with barbarian generals like Stilicho and Ricimer leading the Western Roman armies. tl;dr -- The integration of so-called barbarians into Roman society had long-lasting, dramatic effects on the Empire, particularly on the military. Source: The majority of this is stuff I've learned over the years, so I don't have many sources lying around I can reference, but the quote is from Aurelian and the Third Century by Alaric Watson Edit: Additional question -- do we have an idea of the content of Antony's actual eulogy of Caesar, rather than the Shakespearean version? Toward the end of 63 BC, Rome was caught up in a crisis known as the Catilinarian Conspiracy. It's a very complex period that I've written about before, but basically, there was a populist leader named Catiline who attempted to become consul, but he was opposed by Cicero and the conservative faction of the Senate, and so he supposedly took up arms against Rome and conspired to march on the city, murder the Senate, and overthrow the Republic.  Obviously, this is a major deal, especially since the Senate had implicated a number of prominent members of the Roman aristocracy in the conspiracy. Cicero and his compatriots favored executing these conspirators without trial, but Caesar opposed the measure because of the laws it broke and the precedent it would set, and recommended they be exiled instead. Cato the Younger stood up and accused Caesar of being in cahoots with the conspirators, and they engaged in a really heated, protracted debate. During the debate, a messenger comes in and hands Caesar a letter, which he reads silently. Cato is convinced that it's a letter from the conspirators, which would implicate Caesar, so he demands that Caesar read the letter aloud. Caesar demurs, but Cato insists, so Caesar hands him the letter and tells him that he can read it aloud if he wishes. Turns out it's a lascivious love letter from Caesar's lover, Servilia Caepionis (who, in case you didn't know, was Cato's half-sister). Cato, ever the stiff moralist, starts sputtering, throws the letter back at Caesar, and shouts, "Take it, you drunkard!" So under his model, society would naturally trend towards appointing a wise, respected individual as a singular ruler, establishing a monarchy. However, as absolute power is passed down from one generation to the next, the monarchy devolves into a tyranny, which prompts the powerful and influential members of society to overthrow the monarch and establish rule by the aristocracy. However, just as before, power ultimately corrupts and the aristocracy becomes an oligarchy, prompting the people to overthrow the corrupt leaders of society and establish a democracy, which would eventually collapse into mob rule, causing a return to a monarchy. Polybius believed that the Roman Republic was an ideal form of government because it combined elements from all three types: the consuls were reminiscent of monarchy, the Senate of aristocracy, and the People's Assemblies of democracy. Of course, eventually the Republic became something of an oligarchy, which caused a period of near-anarchy in the mid-1st Century BC, which brought about the period of Augustus and the Roman Empire. Was Cicero mentioning this story in a political context, as a smear of sorts against Clodius, or was Clodius already dead by that point? Edit: Sorry, I realize that your specialty is with Greece, so no need to answer anything if I'm forcing you outside your area of expertise! And I realize my wording for the second part was a little unclear, so I'll clarify. I'm at school down in Washington, DC, so all of the museums and archives around here tend to focus on American artifacts and history.  There are places like the Met in NYC, but my point was just that opportunities in the U.S. seem kind of limited for someone with an interest in the ancient world (again, outside the world of academia). Also, does the fact that Publicola most likely existed lend any credence to the stories of Brutus and Collatinus, since they were contemporaries? I'm asking because I'm majoring in history with a focus on Late Republican Rome, and I can't get an idea of possible career paths outside of academia that cater to my interest. Especially since I live in the U.S., where it seems like most internships and jobs that are history-related are very American-centric. we use and disclose information to prevent people from abusing the platform, but