As just one more example of what I mean, here's a Cycle World test where the Z1000 posted a 0-60 time of 2.7 seconds. So I guess the Z1000 is actually faster than the S1000RR, right? Well, no, not really. It just shows how much the rider and the conditions matter. The real bottom line here is that when it comes to sportbikes, 0-60 times don't mean a whole lot since the primary limitation is the rider, not the bike. I couldn't find a $220 M4 lowboy for the Speed Trip but that would be a pretty damn good deal if it does exist. Please take into account that the motorcycle 0 to 60 times and quarter mile data listed on this motorcycles page is gathered from numerous credible sources. This is a problem. Comparing runs made by different riders under different conditions isn't very useful, and that site doesn't mention anything about the circumstances of each run. For instance, according to that site a 1987 Honda Hurricane 600 is faster than a 2004 CBR600RR, and a 2012 Triumph Daytona 675R is somehow slower than a 2005 Daytona 650. Oh, and a 2011 R6 is as fast as a 2012 R1, and a 2012 KTM RC8R is slower than just about every 600 ever made (it's one of the slowest sportbikes on the list!). It also claims that there is a .7 second difference in 0-60 acceleration between the 2010 and 2011 Z1000s, despite there being essentially no difference between the two. So, not exactly the scientific method.  It's a lot more useful to compare times posted by a particular magazine, preferably by a particular rider. That does require a little bit more research but it's the only real way to answer any questions with those numbers. M4's products are definitely not 'the same thing' as Comp Werkes though, aesthetically speaking. That's half of what people pay for in an exhaust. I highly doubt the difference is that drastic, where did you get this idea? These bikes are still in the midrange in 1st gear at 60 mph. EDIT: That may not be the case if you believe the video analysis on the 'Justice for Jay Meezee' Facebook page, although I can't really make out much in the video myself. The insurance company claimed it was an avoidable accident and we paid every dime rolled over and accepted their assessment. Dude, you could have easily fought that. Insurance companies, the snakes that they are, will frequently make outrageous assessments like this expecting a certain percentage of customers not to object. If you do, you can often get them to take care of you without ever involving a lawyer.  Personally I thought it was a great episode and wouldn't have charged a thing about it, BUT! I find Vince's decision to include the fast-forward in Ep9 questionable, since in this case it made the ending pretty well predictable by Ep14. I promise you, children wouldn't be affected by nudity at all if people like you didn't teach them that it is shameful and offensive. Yeah but he said it in such a way that obviously means the difference is social acceptance and police state. we use and disclose information to prevent people from abusing the platform, but