Also how much of a personality they can have at a young age. My middle girl is a ham. She gives the biggest, cheesiest, exaggerated smiles and has been since about 9 months. My little man (7 months) will sit in his play area and just laugh and laugh. He does these super drawn out laughs, like "HAHAAAAAAAAAAAAaaaaaa!" He even gets his little hands clenched and shakes his fists. Then he'll inhale, get a big smile, and do it again. My 4 year old is very observant and has almost no fear of bugs or animals of any kind. She'll find a bug outside and stare at it for what seems like forever. Our old house had a ton of box elder bugs, and she would play with them for hours. She's on track for a career as an entomologist, or at least a biologist. We have a hard time with other parents telling their kids not to explore their world. It pisses me off when they tell their kids "Don't touch that, it'll bite!" and its a moth or something else harmless. Thats great. Teach your kids that all bugs are dangerous or gross and they'll freak out when a moth fly's into the house. Actually that reminds me, I found a mantis egg cluster a few days ago. I need to put it in a jar so we can watch it hatch. Fallen head first out of her high chair onto a tile floor. She never did it again. Fallen off of monkey bars that were WAY too high for her. She was about 4 feet off the ground and fell on her ass. Hasn't touched them since. Was jumping on the bed and somehow became folded between her bed frame and her dresser. Still jumps on her bed sometimes though... They need to fall on their ass now and then. Kids wont learn not to do something unless they have a good reason, and pain is usually a good reason. He also yelled at a waitress for a good few minutes and made her cry because our beans were a little dry on top.  We had looked at other (much) less expensive houses, but we were sold on the privacy and "security" of the gated community that made it a better buy in our eyes. Ended up also having POA dues at almost $100 a month. Wife lost her job less than 6 months later but managed to stay afloat for another year. Ended up ringing up over 30k in credit card debt and losing the house 3 years after we bought it. Another a year goes by, and out of the blue the girlfriend calls us flipping out. He showed up on her doorstep, but he has no idea who he is or who she is. The first thing he remembers was waking up on the side of the road beat to hell. Most people would try to get to a hospital but he just started walking. He was homeless that whole time traveling all over the place. One day he was sitting in a homeless shelter in Idaho watching a news report on Martha Stewarts legal troubles when he suddenly remembered someone named Martha who lived in Texas. He had no idea who she was but it was the first thing he had remembered from before so he took off to find her. My mother decided to fly out there to see him, and sure enough he had no idea who she was. Not only that, but his personality had totally changed. Before, he was an asshole who would scream at a waitress till she cried because he thought she left our food under a heat lamp for too long. The man she met was soft spoken and rather pleasant, two things he was decidedly not before. But with no memory of her, his son, or any of his other kids. After a while he came back out to California, and my mother convinced him to go see a doctor. It took him almost a year from when he was found to see someone. They ran a whole battery of tests and discovered that his frontal lobe was pretty much toast from an old injury, and when he was jumped it was aggravated which explained the memory loss and personality change. When he was a kid he hit his head and was in a coma for three weeks which caused the initial brain damage. Turns out he was an asshole because the empathy section of his brain was dead.  To this day he remembers very little of his life before, but now and then little bits float to the surface.  Ex-step dad jerk goes missing for over a year. Turns out he got jumped for his car by hitchhikers and had amnesia. Martha Stuart personally helped him remember his past. we use and disclose information to prevent people from abusing the platform, but