The war isn't to free women from physical oppression. It's to free women from cultures other than ours because cultures other than ours are defined as oppression. Card has publicly declared his disapproval of same-sex sexual relations and of same-sex marriage. In 1990, Card called for laws that ban consensual homosexual acts to "remain on the books, not to be indiscriminately enforced against anyone who happens to be caught violating them, but to be used when necessary to send a clear message that those who flagrantly violate society's regulation of sexual behavior cannot be permitted to remain as acceptable, equal citizens within that society." He no longer advocates this, and says that the 1990 stance must be seen in the context of the times (such laws were still deemed constitutional under the US Supreme Court's Bowers v. Hardwick ruling) and the conservative Mormon audience to whom his essay was addressed. "[N]ow that the law has changed," Card states, "I have no interest in criminalizing homosexual acts and would never call for such a thing, any more than I wanted such laws enforced back when they were still on the books."[35] It's funny that the sources used to justify that in the Wikipedia page are literally just a Twitter post by someone reused in blogspam. And LOL @ "largest political event in human history". If that doesn't smack of propaganda, I don't know what does.  Dwarfs anything going on in Egypt, primarily took place in democracies, totally ignored. And even that was nothing compared to anti-Vietnam protests in the US which involved millions more and were ignored for years until they could be politically exploited (which is more or less how things function in democracy, you don't overthrow the government at the first sign of upset people... the US might know a thing or two about how to run a successful state as opposed to, you know, Egypt). I also find it pretty funny that now the liberal opposition is balking over the interim government's plans. Who didn't see this coming? That's anarchy, not democracy. Democracy is scheduled elections for the people to show what they want. Not take to the streets as their whim changes. That's anarchy. If that's what Egypt wants, then more power to it. They're not too far from Somalia, they can learn from their example I suppose. I will never believe any opinion of mine is so correct that all others should be silenced. Any government that is genuinely committed to democracy would have called elections voluntarily in the face of millions of people marching through the streets of the capitol demanding it. No True Scotsman. Fat chance finding the US or another representative Western nation ever doing something like this. The Western democracies are slowly developing into police states purely to shut this kind of possibility down. Hitler was democratically elected, but overthrowing him peacefully in 1939 would have been a fine tribute to democracy. Actually, not giving a democratically elected leader unlimited power would have been all that was necessary to stop him and be a fine tribute to democracy. As long as the elections are free, fair, and representative, yes. It does. Democracy is not a code word you can hijack for "people I like". It is the case because everyone can turn on the TV and see that for themselves. You're the one making the extraordinary claim that contradicts what each and every one of us can see for ourselves when we tune in to Fox, MSNBC, or CNN. Nothing you say or do can change that. The BBC's coverage, for example, has been quite fair in my view. They have stuck to facts and covered both sides of the story without adding any of their own spin. The BBC still doesn't, unfortunately, carry the weight of the American stations just because the latter are aimed at a population of 300 million+. If that is the case, then why not just sit tight for 6 months then have him re elected and in a stronger position than ever. He's detained and they're rounding up other MB leaders and officials and  letting people get away with torching their properties. Did you miss what was going on or where I even described this in my post? It was his detention that sparked the particularly aggressive pro-MB protests since they realized what was happening. You've really got your head in the sand. Also, when you say "all redditors", does that include yourself, or just the ones you disagree with? The phrase I used included "pretty much", so yeah, it's probably something like over 99%. They overthrew a democratically elected leader by signing a deal with the devil, the ghost of Mubarak's military regime. That regime, unsurprisingly, began a witch hunt for MB officials and leaders. Then... surprise, surprise! All those people who voted for the MB finally woke up and got time away from their real jobs (unlike the jobless youth who had been protesting most of the time) to start protesting themselves. Then the military starts firing on them and blaming them for it: tactics used against the MB by this military for nearly a hundred years, which all the secularists and all Westerners were witness to several decades ago but now want to pretend they don't remember.  There is no way to "overthrow" pro-MB sentiment. It is the majority in Egypt. And to overthrow the actual government, no matter how arrogant the leader is, is so wrong that even Western governments didn't dare do anything but express concern that Egypt just overthrew a democratically elected government (even though the West's citizenry has taken to the internet to express delight... everyone would love Western governments' endorsement but they apparently (and very ironically) fear logic and truth too much to blatantly lie... which shows how audacious the people spinning the opposite narrative are). Fact of the matter is, either you believe overthrowing democratically elected leaders is justified on flimsy pretexts (where Morsi has not committed even a fraction of the crimes US presidents have), in which case you undercut your own belief in democracy to anyone who views things through the lens of logic and rationality, or you are like all the world leaders who think this is some shady business and cause for concern. The Al-Jazeera Egypt personnel who resigned are unapologetically, shamelessly, pro-secularist, anti-MB, and their own biases show. They are so biased against their political enemies that they will give their careers (and some, no doubt, their lives) for their cause. It is nothing more than that. Is it surprising that many of them worked for Al-Jazeera, a Westernized secular foreign news company? Nope. In fact, if you think about it, it's precisely what you would expect. Does any of this mean more than all of the above, what is apparent on the surface if one looks at the situation clearly? Nope. Hell, it's probably a good thing for unbiased coverage since everything out of Egypt has been shamelessly anti-MB and the entire Western media overview of the affair, and the Arab media (since the Gulf Arab nations supported the coup) view as well, has been basically one big anti-MB circle jerk. It is an astounding amount of bias, as represented in the views of redditors, that believes that one's own opinion is so correct that all opposing views not being silenced is a travesty. Most thinking people have come to accept that the idea of private property was a theft from the commons It just so happens this does mostly exist in civilized societies and has for thousands of years. That's why ownership is legal recognition bestowed by society and its legal/judicial apparatuses. You don't own something unless you own it legally which means precisely that unanimous consent has been given to you by the representatives of the people of that society. I'm sure land grabs were bloody unpleasant affairs 100,000 years ago but we've unanimously, consensually, legalized everything since then so complaining about the behavior of cavemen is irrelevant. If you have private property and you have a state to enforce the existence of property  Which is where libertarianism and other political schools of thought come in. Precisely for the reason of avoiding this, because there isn't unanimous consent on one political school  of thought or methodology after the point of acknowledging basic ideas like property. one problem after another comes from, mostly, the power accumulated by all those inheritors of the original appropriation of property. Which is the fault of the political methodology used, not the fault of the original appropriation of property, because other societies and civilizations have existed which also had property and didn't wind up going down this route. Totally agree with him on those atheist celebrities (Matt Stone, Trey Parker, Penn Jilette... I mean, why the hell is anyone citing celebrities in this kind of a discussion? /r/atheism /facepalm) If your timing with injects and building overlords is so bad that simply doing these two things gives "much greater" results, you must honestly just be pretty bad at StarCraft. You don't need drugs to hit your injects and not get supply blocked. And if you do, e-Sports probably isn't what you're cut out for. Of course the biggest strength of amphetamines is allowing you to play for long hours like for a marathon session. So that could definitely be abused at a weekend MLG-type event. You might normally hit your peak performance after 1 or 2 warmup games then stay at your peak for 3-4 more games, then deteriorate. Just as an example. And Ritalin/Adderall would let you play at your peak for several hours. we use and disclose information to prevent people from abusing the platform, but