Don't Miss:Saunders: Sacto wants you to eat ...Vegan roots run deep in Santa CruzNew S.F. flea marketNBC pulls Hannibal episodeLauryn Hill faces eviction Bay Area & StateNationWorldPoliticsCrimeTechObituariesOpinionGreenScienceHealthEducationWeird 49ersRaidersGiantsA'sWarriorsSharksQuakesNFLMLBNBANHLCollegePrepsGolfOutdoorsOtherOn TVTicketsShopVideo TechnologyMarketsReal EstateMortgage RatesHome GuidesPublic NoticesPress ReleasesSponsored Content MoviesMusic & NightlifePerformanceArtEventsBooksTV & RadioHoroscopeComicsGamesThings To Do RestaurantsRecipesWineTop 100 RestaurantsTop 100 WinesBargain BitesReservationsInside Scoop SFHealthy Eating Home & GardenStyleOutdoorsSki & SnowHealthGreenLGBTHouzzDatingMomsPetsSponsored Content Weekend GetawaysSF GuideNeighborhoodsWine CountryMonterey-CarmelReno-TahoeHawaiiMexico New HomesOpen HomesLuxuryRentalsMortgage RatesCommercialLandPlace an adHome GuidesHomesalesForeclosures Copyright 2013 Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. NOMAAN MERCHANT, Associated Press, By NOMAAN MERCHANT and JOHN L. MONE, Associated Press Rescue workers pass a damaged apartment complex after a nearby fertilizer plant exploded Wednesday, April 17, 2013, in West, Texas. (AP Photo/ Waco Tribune Herald, Rod Aydelotte) A person looks on as emergency workers fight a house fire after a nearby fertilizer plant exploded Wednesday, April 17, 2013, in West, Texas. (AP Photo/ Waco Tribune Herald, Rod Aydelotte) A fire burns at a fertilizer plant in West, Texas after an explosion Wednesday April 17, 2013 (AP Photo/Michael Ainsworth/The Dallas Morning News) 			A fire fighter searches a nursing home that was damaged after an explosion at a neary by fertilizer plant Wednesday, April 17, 2013, in West, Texas. (AP Photo/ Waco Tribune Herald, Rod Aydelotte) An emergency worker walks through damaged apartment building following a fertilizer plant explosion Wednesday, April 17, 2013, in West, Texas. An explosion at a fertilizer plant near Waco Wednesday night injured dozens of people and sent flames shooting high into the night sky, leaving the factory a smoldering ruin and causing major damage to surrounding buildings. (AP Photo/ Waco Tribune Herald, Rod Aydelotte) A fire burns at a fertilizer plant in West, Texas after an explosion Wednesday April 17, 2013. (APMichael Ainsworth/The Dallas Morning News) 			An elderly person is assisted at a staging area at a local school stadium  following an explosion at a fertilizer plant Wednesday, April 17, 2013, in West, Texas. An explosion at a fertilizer plant near Waco caused numerous injuries and sent flames shooting high into the night sky on Wednesday. 			Emergency workers assist an elderly person at a staging area at a local school stadium Wednesday, April 17, 2013, in West, Texas. An explosion Wednesday night at a fertilizer plant near Waco sent flames shooting high into the night sky, leaving the factory a smoldering ruin, causing major damage at nearby buildings and injuring numerous people. 			Emergency workers evacuate elderly from a damaged nursing home following an explosion at a fertilizer plant Wednesday, April 17, 2013, in West, Texas. An explosion at a fertilizer plant near Waco caused numerous injuries and sent flames shooting high into the night sky on Wednesday. 			Persons are seen pushing wheel chairs in front of a damaged nursing home following an explosion at a nearby fertilizer plant Wednesday, April 17, 2013, in West, Texas. An explosion at a fertilizer plant near Waco caused numerous injuries and sent flames shooting high into the night sky on Wednesday. 			Elderly persons from a nearby nursing home are triaged in a parking lot before being moved to a school stadium following a fertilizer plant explosion Wednesday, April 17, 2013, in West, Texas. The explosion near Waco Wednesday night injured dozens of people and sent flames shooting high into the night sky, leaving the factory a smoldering ruin and causing major damage to surrounding buildings. 			In this Instagram photo provided by Andy Bartee, a plume of smoke rises from a fertilizer plant fire in West, Texas on Wednesday, April 17, 2013.  An explosion at a fertilizer plant near Waco Wednesday night injured dozens of people and sent flames shooting high into the night sky, leaving the factory a smoldering ruin and causing major damage to surrounding buildings.  MANDATORY CREDIT: ANDY BARTEE 			A fire fighter searches a nursing home that was damaged after an explosion at a neary by fertilizer plant Wednesday, April 17, 2013, in West, Texas. 			A fire burns at a fertilizer plant in West, Texas after an explosion Wednesday April 17, 2013 			A person looks on as emergency workers fight a house fire after a nearby fertilizer plant exploded Wednesday, April 17, 2013, in West, Texas. 			A firefighter walks past a pickup truck with debris from a storage shed on it at a fertilizer plant in West, Texas after an explosion Wednesday April 17, 2013. A massive explosion at the fertilizer plant near Waco on Wednesday night injured dozens of people and sent flames shooting into the night sky, leaving the factory a smoldering ruin following a blast that damaged buildings for blocks in every direction.   MANDATORY CREDIT; MAGS OUT; TV OUT; INTERNET USE BY AP MEMBERS ONLY; 			A fire burns at a fertilizer plant in West, Texas after an explosion Wednesday April 17, 2013. (APMichael Ainsworth/The Dallas Morning News) 			A person looks on as emergency workers fight a house fire after a nearby fertilizer plant exploded Wednesday, April 17, 2013, in West, Texas.  A massive explosion at the fertilizer plant near Waco on Wednesday night injured dozens of people and sent flames shooting into the night sky, leaving the factory a smoldering ruin following a blast that damaged buildings for blocks in every direction. 			An elderly person is assisted at a staging area at a local school stadium  following an explosion at a fertilizer plant Wednesday, April 17, 2013, in West, Texas. An explosion at a fertilizer plant near Waco caused numerous injuries and sent flames shooting high into the night sky on Wednesday. 			This video image provided by WFAA-TV shows injured people being treated on the flood-lit the high school football field turned into a staging area after the blast in West Texas Wednesday April 17, 2013. 			Firefighters use flashlights to search a destroyed apartment complex near a fertilizer plant that exploded earlier in West, Texas, in this photo made early Thursday morning, April 18, 2013. 			A fire still burns in a apartment complex destroyed near a fertilizer plant that exploded earlier in West, Texas, in this photo made early Thursday morning, April 18, 2013. 			A victim from the West fertilizer plant explosion is wheeled into Hillcrest Baptist Medical Hospital in Waco, Texas, Wednesday, April 17, 2013. 			An unidentified man  injured by  the West fertilizer plant explosion is treated by nurses from Hillcrest Baptist Medical Hospital in Waco, Texas, Wednesday, April 17, 2013. 			Baylor University student's hold a candle light vigil outside Waco Hall for the victim's of the West fertilizer plant explosion, Wednesday, April 17, 2013. 			Firefighters us flashlights to search a destroyed apartment complex near a fertilizer plant that exploded earlier in West, Texas, in this photo made early Thursday morning, April 18, 2013. 			A person looks on as emergency workers fight a house fire after a nearby fertilizer plant exploded Wednesday, April 17, 2013, in West, Texas.  A massive explosion at the fertilizer plant near Waco on Wednesday night injured dozens of people and sent flames shooting into the night sky, leaving the factory a smoldering ruin following a blast that damaged buildings for blocks in every direction. 			A house in West burns after the West Fertilizer Plant exploded. (Kristen Crow/Twitter/Waco Herald-Tribune) 			Firefighters use flashlights to search a destroyed apartment complex near a fertilizer plant that exploded earlier in West, Texas, in this photo made early Thursday morning, April 18, 2013. 			The remains of a silo that was part of a fertilizer plant burns and smokes Thursday morning, April 18, 2013, after the plant exploded Wednesday night in West, Texas. The massive explosion killed as many as 15 people and injured more than 160, shaking the ground with the strength of a small earthquake and leveling homes and businesses for blocks in every direction. (AP Photo/LM Otero) 			A fire burns at a fertilizer plant in West, Texas after an explosion Wednesday April 17, 2013. (APMichael Ainsworth/The Dallas Morning News) 			A fire still burns in a apartment complex destroyed near a fertilizer plant that exploded earlier in West, Texas, in this photo made early Thursday morning, April 18, 2013. 			A fire burns at a fertilizer plant in West, Texas after an explosion Wednesday April 17, 2013 (AP Photo/Michael Ainsworth/The Dallas Morning News) 			Sens. John Cornyn and Ted Cruz survey the aftermath of the fertilizer plant explosion in West, Texas. (Photo from Twitter) 			Congressman Roger Williams, left, speaks with reporters about the West, Texas fertilizer plant explosion as Senators John Cornyn and Ted Cruz listen at a news conference on Friday April 19, 2013.   The massive explosion at the West Fertilizer Co. Wednesday night killed as many as 15 people and injured more than 160. The bodies of 12 people have been recovered, authorities said Friday. (AP Photo/Star-Telegram, Ron T. Ennis) 			Nicole Lopez and her 15-year-old daughter, Gabby, from West, Texas put supplies in a box for Lopez's aunt at a distribution center to help those affected from the West Fertilizer explosion on Friday, Apr. 19, 2013. Lopez said her home was not affected from the blast. 			A woman rummages through a hugh pile of shoes at a distribution center where supplies like water and clothing, including medical supplies, are being dropped off or picked up as needed, in West, Texas, on April 19 2013, two days after a deadly fertilizer plant blast occured.  While rescuers in Texas were set to return to the rubble in their continuing search for survivors after the massive blast killed as many as 15 people and destroyed dozens of homes, all roads leading to the area of destruction have been closed off and manned by various state authorities controlling the entry and exit of vehicles and people.      AFP PHOTO/Frederic J. BROWNFREDERIC J. BROWN/AFP/Getty Images 			Stacks of 'Pure Life' water sit on the roadside as vehicles are directed to a distribution center where supplies like water and clothing, including medical supplies, are being dropped off or picked up as needed, in West, Texas, on April 19 2013, two days after a deadly fertilizer plant blast occured.  While rescuers in Texas were set to return to the rubble in their continuing search for survivors after the massive blast killed as many as 15 people and destroyed dozens of homes, all roads leading to the area of destruction have been closed off and manned by various state authorities controlling the entry and exit of vehicles and people.     AFP PHOTO/Frederic J. BROWNFREDERIC J. BROWN/AFP/Getty Images 			A volunteer carries a mattress to load onto a truck at a distribution center where supplies like water and clothing, including medical supplies, are being dropped off or picked up as needed, in West, Texas, on April 19 2013, two days after a deadly fertilizer plant blast occured.  While rescuers in Texas were set to return to the rubble in their continuing search for survivors after the massive blast killed as many as 15 people and destroyed dozens of homes, all roads leading to the area of destruction have been closed off and manned by various state authorities controlling the entry and exit of vehicles and people.AFP PHOTO/Frederic J. BROWNFREDERIC J. BROWN/AFP/Getty Images 			Vehicles wait in line while headed to a distribution center where supplies like water and clothing, including medical supplies, are being dropped off or picked up as needed, in West, Texas, on April 19 2013, two days after a deadly fertilizer plant blast occured.  While rescuers in Texas were set to return to the rubble in their continuing search for survivors after the massive blast killed as many as 15 people and destroyed dozens of homes, all roads leading to the area of destruction have been closed off and manned by various state authorities controlling the entry and exit of vehicles and people.AFP PHOTO/Frederic J. BROWNFREDERIC J. BROWN/AFP/Getty Images 			A "God Bless West" sign in West, Texas, Friday April 19, 2013. The bodies of 12 people have been recovered after an enormous Texas fertilizer plant explosion that demolished surrounding neighborhoods for blocks and left about 200 other people injured, authorities said Friday. (AP Photo/Mike Fuentes) 			Texas Senator John Cornyn, right, talks to the media after touring the site of a fertilizer plant explosion Friday, April 19, 2013 in West, Texas. The massive explosion at the West Fertilizer Co. Wednesday night killed as many as 15 people and injured more than 160. The bodies of 12 people have been recovered, authorities said Friday.(AP Photo/Charlie Riedel) 			West resident Betty Tucker, 82, who owns the apartment complex that was devastated by the West Fertilizer Co. plant explosion is given a hug by friend, Jack Clements at The Village Bakery Thursday, April 18, 2013, in West, Texas.  Tucker said she hasn't been able to reach three residents, but she hoped everyone got out in time. A massive explosion at the plant killed as many as 15 people and injured more than 160, officials said overnight. 			Law enforcement and rescue personnel search the damage to an apartment complex from the explosion of the West Fertilizer plant on Thursday, April 18, 2013, in West, Texas.  A massive explosion at the plant killed as many as 15 people and injured more than 160, officials said overnight. 			Clayton Tribble, 9, of West sits during a candle light vigil held at St. Mary's of Assumption Catholic Church as more than 500 gathered to mourn those hurt and killed in the West Fertilizer Co. plant explosion Thursday, April 18, 2013, in West, Texas. 			The remains of the the West Fertilizer Co. plant smolder in the rain on Thursday, April 18, 2013, in West, Texas.  A massive explosion at the plant killed as many as 15 people and injured more than 160, officials said overnight.  			Maria Galvan pauses while sweeping up broken glass from the blown out front windows of the West Thirft Shop  on Thursday morning, April 18, 2013, in West, Texas. 			The a piece of siding sits in a corn field near the West Fertilizer Co. plant Thursday, April 18, 2013, in West, Texas. 			Supplies of toiletry are put out for people to pick up at a distribution center to help those affected from the West Fertilizer explosion in West, Texas on Friday, Apr. 19, 2013. 			Little is left to the West Fertilizer plant as seen in an aerial view of the plant on Thursday, April 18, 2013, in West, Texas. 			Waco Sgt. William Patrick Swanton addresses the media at West Auction Inc. about the West Fertilizer Co. plant explosion Thursday, April 18, 2013, in West, Texas.  			Claudia Wolfe shows how her window was blown out by the West Fertilizer Co. plant explosion Thursday, April 18, 2013, in West, Texas. 			Iesha Chapman, 46, of Waco, holds the hands of her friend Janie Salazar, right, 57, of West at the Best Western hotel Thursday, April 18, 2013, in West, Texas. Salazar and her family had to evacuate her home after a massive explosion. 			Trey Warren boards up his sister's home after glass was blown out by the West Fertilizer Co. plant explosion Thursday, April 18, 2013, in West, Texas.  			Betty Tucker, 82, who owns a complex devastated by the plant blast, says she's been unable to reach three residents. 			Construction workers board up windows on a home near the West Fertilizer Co. plant after an explosion from plant blew the windows out Thursday, April 18, 2013, in West, Texas.  			Janie Salazar, right, 57, of West weeps as she is held by her friend Iesha Chapman,46, of Waco at the Best Western in West. Salazar, had to evacuate from her home after the blast. 			An unidentified man  injured by  the West fertilizer plant explosion is treated by nurses from Hillcrest Baptist Medical Hospital in Waco, Texas, Wednesday, April 17, 2013. 			Shattered windows on Thursday morning, April 18, 2013, after an explosion Wednesday night at a fertilizer plant in West. 			Rescue workers pass a damaged apartment complex after a nearby fertilizer plant exploded Wednesday, April 17, 2013, in West, Texas. 			A destroyed car sits as firefighters conduct a search and rescue of an apartment complex destroyed by an explosion at a fertilizer plant in West, Texas, Thursday, April 18, 2013.  A massive explosion at the West Fertilizer Co. killed as many as 15 people and injured more than 160, officials said overnight. 			The remains of a home burn early Thursday morning, April 18, 2013, after a fertilizer plant exploded Wednesday night in West, Texas. The massive explosion killed as many as 15 people and injured more than 160, shaking the ground with the strength of a small earthquake and leveling homes and businesses for blocks in every direction. (AP Photo/LM Otero) 			A person looks on as emergency workers fight a house fire after a near by fertilizer plant exploded Wednesday, April 17, 2013, in West, Texas. 			A destroyed car sits as firefighters conduct a search and rescue of an apartment complex destroyed by an explosion at a fertilizer plant in West, Texas, Thursday, April 18, 2013.  A massive explosion at the West Fertilizer Co. killed as many as 15 people and injured more than 160, officials said overnight.  (AP Photo/LM Otero) 			WEST, TX - APRIL 18:  West High School senior Mackenzie Wernet (C) is embraced by fellow students and friends after praying for the victims and survivors the day after the West Fertilizer Company explosion April 18, 2013 in West, Texas. Wernet's home was destroyed when the fertilizer company caught fire and exploded, injuring more than 160 people and leaving damaged buildings for blocks in every direction. 			WEST, TX - APRIL 18:  West High School senior students Mackenzie Wernet (R) and Heather Perry embrace after praying for the victims and survivors the day after the West Fertilizer Company explosion April 18, 2013 in West, Texas. Wernet's home was destroyed when the fertilizer company caught fire and exploded, killing at least five people, injuring more than 160 people and leaving damaged buildings for blocks in every direction. 			WEST, TX - APRIL 18:  With smoke rising in the distance, a law enformcement officer runs a check point at the perimeter about half a mile from the West Fertilizer Company April 18, 2013 in West, Texas. A massive explosion at the fertilizer company injured more than 100 people and left damaged buildings for blocks in every direction. The death toll from the blast, which occured as firefighters were tackling a blaze, is as yet unknown. (Photo by Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images)  *** BESTPIX *** 			WEST, TX - APRIL 18:  Hewitt, Texas police officer Mike Zahirniak (R) comforts his son, Coy Zahirniak, 9, outside the West Community Center the day after the West Fertilizer Company explosion April 18, 2013 in West, Texas. Coy alerted his family to the fire across the street from his grandfather Willie Zahirniak's home and the plant exploded as they evacuated. The home was destroyed and Coy has been credited for saving his family from harm. The fertilizer company caught fire and exploded, killing more than five people, injuring more than 160 people and leaving damaged buildings for blocks in every direction. 			Shown are the remains of a fertilizer plant destroyed by an explosion in West, Texas, Thursday, April 18, 2013.  A massive explosion at the West Fertilizer Co. killed as many as 15 people and injured more than 160, officials said overnight.  (AP Photo/LM Otero) 			A devastated home near the West Fertilizer Co. plant on Thursday, April 18, 2013, in West, Texas. A massive explosion at the plant killed as many as 15 people and injured more than 160, officials said overnight. 			A firefighter walks past a pickup truck with debris from a storage shed on it at a fertilizer plant in West, Texas after an explosion Wednesday April 17, 2013. A massive explosion at the fertilizer plant near Waco on Wednesday night injured dozens of people and sent flames shooting into the night sky, leaving the factory a smoldering ruin following a blast that damaged buildings for blocks in every direction.   MANDATORY CREDIT; MAGS OUT; TV OUT; INTERNET USE BY AP MEMBERS ONLY; 			West resident Crystal Ledane, talks to the media near site of a massive explosion at a fertilizer plant in West, Texas on April 17, 2013. Her home was destroyed by the explosion. 			Waco Police Sgt. William Swanton speaks during a press conference on the explosion at a fertilizer plant Thursday April 18, 2013 in West, Tx. 			West Thrift Shop manager Maria Galvan (left) and Anissa Adamson clean the shop as workers board up windows, Thursday April 18, 2013, at  after an explosion at a fertilizer plant Wednesday evening in West, Tx. 			Workers clean up glass from shattered windows outside West Furniture, Thursday April 18, 2013, after an explosion at a fertilizer plant Wednesday evening in West, Tx. 			Shattered windows at the West Thrift Shop after an explosion at a fertilizer plant Thursday April 18, 2013 in West, Tx. 			Workers board up a wind of the West News newspaper office after the West Fertilizer Co. explosion on Thursday, April 18, 2013, in West, Texas. A massive explosion at the plant killed as many as 15 people and injured more than 160, officials said overnight. 			Workers board up a wind of the West News newspaper office after the West Fertilizer Co. explosion on Thursday, April 18, 2013, in West, Texas. A massive explosion at the plant killed as many as 15 people and injured more than 160, officials said overnight. 			Workers board up a wind of the West News newspaper office after the West Fertilizer Co. explosion on Thursday, April 18, 2013, in West, Texas. A massive explosion at the plant killed as many as 15 people and injured more than 160, officials said overnight. 			Workers board up a wind of the West News newspaper office after the West Fertilizer Co. explosion on Thursday, April 18, 2013, in West, Texas. A massive explosion at the plant killed as many as 15 people and injured more than 160, officials said overnight. 			Workers sweep up glass and board up windows, Thursday April 18, 2013, at West Thrift Shop after an explosion at a fertilizer plant Wednesday evening in West, Tx. 			Shane Northcutt removes shattered glass from the display windows of The Village Shoppe in West, Texas on Thursday, April 18, 2013. A massive explosion at the West Fertilizer Co. killed as many as 15 people and injured more than 160, officials said overnight.  The explosion that struck around 8 p.m. Wednesday, sent flames shooting into the night sky and rained burning embers and debris down on shocked and frightened residents. 			An elderly person is assisted at a staging area at a local school stadium  following an explosion at a fertilizer plant Wednesday, April 17, 2013, in West, Texas. An explosion at a fertilizer plant near Waco caused numerous injuries and sent flames shooting high into the night sky on Wednesday. 			Rescue workers pass a damaged apartment complex after a nearby fertilizer plant exploded Wednesday, April 17, 2013, in West, Texas. (AP Photo/ Waco Tribune Herald, Rod Aydelotte) 			A mushroom cloud of smoke rising from an explosion at a fertilizer plant in West could be seen from the Czech Stop.Related article: 5 to 15 people killed in Texas explosion  			Bobby Rios, right, cleans up shattered windows at a store in West, Texas, on Thursday, April 18, 2013. Much of the small town suffered damage when a fertilizer plant caught fire causing a massive explosion Wednesday night. Authorities are still trying to determine the death and injury toll. (Ron T. Ennis/Fort Worth Star-Telegram/MCT) 			Baylor University student's hold a candle light vigil outside Waco Hall for the victim's of the West fertilizer plant explosion, Wednesday, April 17, 2013. 			Smoke fills the air after a fertilizer plant explosion Wednesday, April 17, 2013, in West, Texas. A massive explosion at the fertilizer plant near Waco on Wednesday night injured dozens of people and sent flames shooting into the night sky, leaving the factory a smoldering ruin following a blast that damaged buildings for blocks in every direction. 			Firefighters us flashlights to search a destroyed apartment complex near a fertilizer plant that exploded earlier in West, Texas, in this photo made early Thursday morning, April 18, 2013. 			Waco Police Sgt. William Swanton (center) speaks during a press conference on the explosion at a fertilizer plant Thursday April 18, 2013 in West, Tx. 			Rescue workers gather near a damaged apartment complex after a nearby fertilizer plant exploded Wednesday, April 17, 2013, in West, Texas. A massive explosion at the fertilizer plant near Waco on Wednesday night injured dozens of people and sent flames shooting into the night sky, leaving the factory a smoldering ruin following a blast that damaged buildings for blocks in every direction. 			An emergency worker walks through damaged apartment building following a fertilizer plant explosion Wednesday, April 17, 2013, in West, Texas. An explosion at a fertilizer plant near Waco Wednesday night injured dozens of people and sent flames shooting high into the night sky, leaving the factory a smoldering ruin and causing major damage to surrounding buildings. 			An injured elderly person is assisted by two young males as a nursing home is evacuated after an explosion at a nearby fertilizer plant Wednesday, April 17, 2013, in West, Texas. 			A victim from the West fertilizer plant explosion is wheeled into Hillcrest Baptist Medical Hospital in Waco, Texas, Wednesday, April 17, 2013. 			Shattered windows at West Furniture on Thursday morning, April 18, 2013, after an explosion Wednesday at a fertilizer plant in West. 			Shattered windows at West Furniture after an explosion at a fertilizer plant Thursday morning, April 18, 2013, in West, after an explosion at a fertilizer plant Wednesday night. 			Shattered windows on a sidewalk on Thursday morning, April 18, 2013, after an explosion at a fertilizer plant  in West on Wednesday night. A fire truck drives near Main Street on Thursday morning, April 18, 2013, after an explosion at a fertilizer plant in West on Wednesday night. Shattered windows at West Furniture on Thursday morning, April 18, 2013, after an explosion at a fertilizer plant  in West on Wednesday night. 			Baylor University student's hold a candle light vigil outside Waco Hall for the victim's of the West fertilizer plant explosion, Wednesday, April 17, 2013. 			This video image provided by WFAA-TV shows injured people being treated on the flood-lit the high school football field turned into a staging area after the blast in West Texas Wednesday April 17, 2013. 			A victim from the West fertilizer plant explosion is wheeled into Hillcrest Baptist Medical Hospital in Waco, Texas, Wednesday, April 17, 2013. 			An elderly person is assisted at a staging area at a local school stadium  following an explosion at a fertilizer plant Wednesday, April 17, 2013, in West, Texas. An explosion at a fertilizer plant near Waco caused numerous injuries and sent flames shooting high into the night sky on Wednesday. 			A fire fighter searches a nursing home that was damaged after an explosion at a neary by fertilizer plant Wednesday, April 17, 2013, in West, Texas. 			An emergency worker walks through damaged apartment building following a fertilizer plant explosion Wednesday, April 17, 2013, in West, Texas. An explosion at a fertilizer plant near Waco Wednesday night injured dozens of people and sent flames shooting high into the night sky, leaving the factory a smoldering ruin and causing major damage to surrounding buildings. (AP Photo/ Waco Tribune Herald, Rod Aydelotte) 			Elderly persons from a nearby nursing home are triaged in a parking lot before being moved to a school stadium following a fertilizer plant explosion Wednesday, April 17, 2013, in West, Texas. The explosion near Waco Wednesday night injured dozens of people and sent flames shooting high into the night sky, leaving the factory a smoldering ruin and causing major damage to surrounding buildings. 			Persons are seen pushing wheel chairs in front of a damaged nursing home following an explosion at a nearby fertilizer plant Wednesday, April 17, 2013, in West, Texas. An explosion at a fertilizer plant near Waco caused numerous injuries and sent flames shooting high into the night sky on Wednesday. 			Emergency workers assist an elderly person at a staging area at a local school stadium Wednesday, April 17, 2013, in West, Texas. An explosion Wednesday night at a fertilizer plant near Waco sent flames shooting high into the night sky, leaving the factory a smoldering ruin, causing major damage at nearby buildings and injuring numerous people. 			An ambulance leaves Thursday April 18, 2013 at the area where a fertilizer blew up near the town of West, Texas. 			A state trooper blocks traffic in West, Texas, on Thursday, April 18, 2013. Much of the small town suffered damage when a fertilizer plant caught fire causing a massive explosion Wednesday night. Authorities are still trying to determine the death and injury toll. (Ron T. Ennis/Fort Worth Star-Telegram/MCT) 			An emergency worker walks through damaged apartment building following a fertilizer plant explosion Wednesday, April 17, 2013, in West, Texas. An explosion at a fertilizer plant near Waco Wednesday night injured dozens of people and sent flames shooting high into the night sky, leaving the factory a smoldering ruin and causing major damage to surrounding buildings. (AP Photo/ Waco Tribune Herald, Rod Aydelotte) 			West resident Wesley Adcock, 29, talks to the media near the site of a massive explosion at a fertilizer plant in West, Texas on April 17, 2013.  (Michael Ainsworth/The Dallas Morning News) 			Waco Police PIO, Sgt. William Swanton give a press briefing near the site of a massive explosion at a fertilizer plant in West, Texas on April 17, 2013.  (Michael Ainsworth/The Dallas Morning News) 			Waco Police Sgt. William Swanton (center) speaks during a press conference on the explosion at a fertilizer plant Thursday April 18, 2013 in West, Tx. 			Shattered windows after an explosion at a fertilizer plant Thursday April 18, 2013 in West, Tx. 			Shattered windows at West Furniture after an explosion at a fertilizer plant Thursday April 18, 2013 in West, Tx. 			A firetruck drives near main street after an explosion at a fertilizer plant Thursday April 18, 2013 in West, Tx. 			This aerial photo shows the remains of a fertilizer plant destroyed by an explosion in West, Texas, Thursday, April 18, 2013. A massive explosion at the West Fertilizer Co. killed as many as 15 people and injured more than 160, officials said overnight. The explosion that struck around 8 p.m. Wednesday, sent flames shooting into the night sky and rained burning embers and debris down on shocked and frightened residents. (AP Photo/Tony Gutierrez) 			A victim from the West fertilizer plant explosion is wheeled into Hillcrest Baptist Medical Hospital in Waco, Texas, Wednesday, April 17, 2013. 			The remains of the the West Fertilizer Co. plant smolder in the rain on Thursday, April 18, 2013, in West, Texas.  A massive explosion at the plant killed as many as 15 people and injured more than 160, officials said overnight.    MANDATORY CREDIT 			The remains of the the West Fertilizer Co. plant smolder in the rain on Thursday, April 18, 2013, in West, Texas.  A massive explosion at the plant killed as many as 15 people and injured more than 160, officials said overnight.    MANDATORY CREDIT 			Firefighters use flashlights early Thursday morning, April 18, 2013 to search a destroyed apartment complex near a fertilizer plant that exploded Wednesday night in West, Texas. The massive explosion killed as many as 15 people and injured more than 160, shaking the ground with the strength of a small earthquake and leveling homes and businesses for blocks in every direction. 			A victim from the West fertilizer plant explosion is wheeled into Hillcrest Baptist Medical Hospital in Waco, Texas, Wednesday, April 17, 2013. 			The remains of a home burn early Thursday morning, April 18, 2013, after a fertilizer plant exploded Wednesday night in West, Texas. The massive explosion killed as many as 15 people and injured more than 160, shaking the ground with the strength of a small earthquake and leveling homes and businesses for blocks in every direction. 			A firefighter stands on a rail line and surveys the remains of a fertilizer plant destroyed by an explosion in West, Texas, Thursday, April 18, 2013.  A massive explosion at the West Fertilizer Co. killed as many as 15 people and injured more than 160, officials said overnight. 			Firefighters conduct search and rescue of an apartment destroyed by an explosion at a fertilizer plant in West, Texas, Thursday, April 18, 2013.  A massive explosion at the West Fertilizer Co. killed as many as 15 people and injured more than 160, officials said overnight. 			The front of an apartment complex is destroyed by an explosion at a nearby fertilizer plant in West, Texas, Thursday, April 18, 2013.  A massive explosion at the West Fertilizer Co. killed as many as 15 people and injured more than 160, officials said overnight.  The explosion that struck around 8 p.m. Wednesday, sent flames shooting into the night sky and rained burning embers and debris down on shocked and frightened residents. 			A firefighter pauses while surveying the blast zone destroyed by an explosion at a fertilizer plant during search and rescue efforts in West, Texas, Thursday, April 18, 2013.  A massive explosion at the West Fertilizer Co. killed as many as 15 people and injured more than 160, officials said overnight. 			Firefighters walk next to a destroyed apartment complex near a fertilizer plant that exploded earlier in West, Texas, early Thursday morning, April 18, 2013. A massive explosion at the plant killed as many as 15 people and injured more than 160, shaking the ground with the strength of a small earthquake and leveling homes and businesses for blocks in every direction. Rescuers searched rubble early Thursday for survivors. 			In this Wednesday, April 17, 2013, photo provided by Joe Berti, a plume of smoke rises from a fertilizer plant fire near Waco, Texas.  A massive explosion at the West Fertilizer Co. killed as many as 15 people and injured more than 160, officials said Thursday morning. 			This aerial photo shows a view of homes on the North side of the fertilizer plant explosion site Thursday, April 18, 2013, in Near West, Texas.  A massive explosion at the West Fertilizer Co. killed as many as 15 people and injured more than 160, officials said overnight.  The explosion that struck around 8 p.m. Wednesday, sent flames shooting into the night sky and rained burning embers and debris down on shocked and frightened residents. 			A smashed car sits in front of an apartment complex destroyed by an explosion at a fertilizer plant in West, Texas, as firefighters conduct a search and rescue Thursday, April 18, 2013. A massive explosion at the West Fertilizer Co. Wednesday night killed as many as 15 people and injured more than 160, officials said overnight. 			A firefighter handles a children's bunk bed during a search and rescue of an apartment destroyed by an explosion at a fertilizer plant in West, Texas, Thursday, April 18, 2013.  A massive explosion at the West Fertilizer Co. killed as many as 15 people and injured more than 160, officials said overnight. 			This aerial photo shows the remains of a fertilizer plant destroyed by an explosion and an emergency responders vehicle, bottom left, in West, Texas, Thursday, April 18, 2013. Rescuers searched the smoking remnants for survivors of Wednesday night's thunderous fertilizer plant explosion, gingerly checking smashed houses and apartments for anyone still trapped in debris while the community awaited word on the number of dead. 			A Dallas Regional Urban Search and Rescue Truck sits parked by a destroyed apartment complex with emergency responders working the scene after it was destroyed by an explosion at a nearby fertilizer plant in West, Texas, Thursday, April 18, 2013. A massive explosion at the West Fertilizer Co. killed as many as 15 people and injured more than 160, officials said overnight. The explosion that struck around 8 p.m. Wednesday, sent flames shooting into the night sky and rained burning embers and debris down on shocked and frightened residents. 			The front of an apartment complex is destroyed after an explosion at a nearby fertilizer plant in West, Texas, Thursday, April 18, 2013.   A massive explosion at the West Fertilizer Co. killed as many as 15 people and injured more than 160, officials said overnight.  The explosion that struck around 8 p.m. Wednesday, sent flames shooting into the night sky and rained burning embers and debris down on shocked and frightened residents. 			Mangled metal and crushed vehicles are all that remains at the blast site of the fertilizer company, Thursday, April 18, 2013 in West Texas.  A massive explosion at the West Fertilizer Co. killed as many as 15 people and injured more than 160, officials said overnight.  The explosion that struck around 8 p.m. Wednesday, sent flames shooting into the night sky and rained burning embers and debris down on shocked and frightened residents.   MAGS OUT; (FORT WORTH WEEKLY, 360 WEST) 			Firefighter conduct a search and rescue operation at an apartment destroyed by an explosion at a fertilizer plant in West, Texas, Thursday, April 18, 2013.  A massive explosion at the plant killed as many as 15 people and injured more than 160, officials said overnight. Copyright 2013 Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Copyright 2013 Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Here are 7 things the world's best-known super spy may have kept secret after all these years. Mission Bay condo complex broke S.F. records for how quickly it sold out all 329 units.