Searchers Find 12 Bodies From Texas Blast as Hunt Continues - The Washington PostwpostServer: http://css.washingtonpost.com/wpost ???initialComments:true! pubdate:04/19/2013 14:04 EDT! commentPeriod:14! commentEndDate:5/3/13 2:4 EDT! currentDate:4/20/13 8:0 EDT! allowComments:true! displayComments:true!  April 19 (Bloomberg) -- Search crews recovered the bodies of 12 people killed in a Texas fertilizer-mill explosion that injured 200 and devastated the small town of West in the worst U.S. industrial disaster in at least three years. Texas Department of Public Safety Sgt. Jason Reyes says 12 bodies have been recovered following a massive explosion that leveled a fertilizer plant. Reyes also confirmed Friday that about 200 people were injured in the explosion. SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers.All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused".  If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. City on edge: Searching for answers and suspects in the manhunt for marathon bombing suspects Tiny Texas farming town grieves for first-responders who raced toward burning fertilizer plant The Post Most: BusinessMost-viewed stories, videos and galleries int he past two hours City on edge: Searching for answers and suspects in the manhunt for marathon bombing suspects Germany's Lufthansa cancels most scheduled flights on Monday, when ground staff will strike