No politics. Political videos (including ones related to current political figures) should be submitted to r/politics, r/worldpolitics, etc. No personal information such as names, Facebook pages, phone numbers, addresses, etc. This is grounds for an immediate (and likely permanent) ban, so consider this a warning. No witch-hunting or incitement to witch hunt. This means no demanding "Reddit justice" in any way in post titles or comments. No police brutality/violence videos. Consider posting to a different subreddit, like /r/Bad_Cop_No_Donut or elsewhere. If your submission does not appear in the new queue, please contact us (be sure to include a link to the Reddit post (i.e. comments section), not the content you are linking). Simply deleting your post may cause the spam filter to catch future ones. Also, please contact us regarding spam, political or any other inappropriate videos, as this helps us remove them more quickly! Missed the best of Reddit yesterday? Catch the daily recap and best links at /r/tldr It is impractical to approach the situation that way.  We can't make everything in the world perfectly safe.   I'm not saying that this isn't a situation that could have been made safer (was the fertilizer plant following all of the safety regulations it is required to, for instance?), but if we're going to start banning or outlawing things (or, I guess practices in this instance, since we're talking about where buildings were built in proximity to the fertilizer plant) because there's a lottery-winner's chance that they could cause mass damage... well, say goodbye to skyscrapers.  There is a remote chance that they could topple over and fall onto people.   Certainly I think this is something that should be assessed, but if that is really how likely it is - one in several million's chance - then we should chalk it up to "freak accident," make sure we've helped this town and these people as much as we possibly can in terms of recovery, and move on with our lives.   we use and disclose information to prevent people from abusing the platform, but