The good news: it took a couple years but I found a girl that I love and have a very healthy, normal, succesful relationship on my first try.  We've been going out for well over a year, live together, and still haven't had a fight or ever even been upset with each other.  The bad news:  I had to date over a dozen girls to find any one that I could find that kind of compatibility with.  It was awkward and nerve wracking, and plain sucked.  It took a couple years to weed through the dating nonsense to find someone I really liked. So first off.  Valuing your alone time is good. Plenty of partners do.  In my relationship we both value our alone time and it works for us.  Find someone that also wants to maintain their independence.  They're out there and they, like me, will be happy to find someone like you. Secondly.  Don't be scared about a lack of relationship experience.  I think that quietly observing and being the sound board for your friend's relationships for the last decade puts you in a very wise position. You know how relationships are and how they work.  Perhaps even better than someone that has been stuck in a shitty relationship for too many years.   Sure you may second guess yourself because you have no practical experience, but in my case, it was nothing that I needed to worry about it.  I knew what was right and wrong and what the "proper" dating/relationship order was already just by watching my friends' failed and successful relationships were over the years.  Sound like you have this experience too. Thirdly.  Some guys may be suspicious of your lack of experience.  You however can probably dodge this question until you are getting serious with them.  Tell them it's been a while and leave the answer at that.  Tell them you'd want to take it slow and cautious.  I did.  And although my girl was suspicious why I was still a 30 something virgin when we got to that point, she knew she liked me enough and I was not some weirdo, so she didn't run for the hills.  If that were disclosed on the first date, it would be a different story. As many have said, you're going to have to get out there and just start dating.  Try the internet.  It's an easy way to get a ton of dates as a girl and you can go from awkward dating noob to dating pro in a month or two.  Head over to /r/okcupid to learn how to do this correctly.  (Caution, they're a little bitter there, cause internet dating can steal your soul.  And if you're succesful, you don't hang out in that subreddit anymore so it's a bit biased.)  Or just do activities where other single men are.   Finally, chin up.  I would have loved to meet a girl in your situation a few years ago.  And I know there are many other guys out there like I was right now, looking for you. Kiffin was born on 3rd base and everyone seems to think he hit a triple.  Why he kept getting promoted to these high profile jobs, I'll never understand... Anyway, I just wanted to point out that Fort Worth city budget allocates $0 for bike infrastructure and improvements and the bike/pedestrian program position was nearly cut in the latest round of budget positions.  All bike infrastructure construction in recent years has been from earmarked money from other state/federal sources.  If Fort Worth dumped any of their own money into it, federal dollars are there to match it $ to $.  My point in all this, if you haven't made noise (wrote or complained to your city council member), there's no way the money will ever come to better our bike infrastructure.  Most council members see no point in, and believe it's all the mayor's stupid pet project and resent it because of her. The fact of the matter is that the casual cfb fan, and even the non-fan, your school's name has been slandered beyond repair.  I saw a story on GMA about this. It was a 15 second brief and it essentially told the world OSU had a corrupt football program. This is the current state of media in this country.  The general public does not care if it's accurate anymore. They will still consume it provided only that it's sensational.  Now this is beyond the statute of limitations, so you don't have to worry about that.  But it shows Gundy and the program was treading a dangerous line.  The NCAA may stick their nose in around now to find anything, and I fully expect a bullshit violation of someone receiving improper benefits in the form of a free fast food meal or a ride to their class to be uncovered.  A&M is going to get run all over.  We'll bring the secondary up to compensate and AJ will kill us with the deep ball over the top.  Defensive line got blown off the ball.  To be fair we had a rookie here, so I'm not as worried about that.  My receiver has a setting that sends the announcers to front center channel only. It's my understanding that surround sound audio is sent in channels.  ESPN, in order to get just crowd and field noise in the back speakers, has to split the sound broadcast up into channels.   They can't put "important" audio on the rear speaker channel because many people like you wouldn't hear it.   Your system just needs to pick apart the signal and you need to put your two speakers where the announcer channel is not.   So you might have to move your 2 speakers to the rear position, but I'm willing to bet there's a surround sound setting that will send announcers to front center only, and you can keep both front L/R speakers as is.   Give it a try this weekend and see what you can get.  It took some dumb luck on my part to figure it out.  A destructive cat and a girlfriend that pushed random buttons on my system to play a DVD. I turned on a game Saturday and there was no announcers.  I was pleasantly surprised. If evidence that Johnny took money comes out later, you bet your ass A&M's wins are vacated, and Johnny is likely banned from NCAA forever.   Then if Johnny took cash, and never put it in a bank account, there's not going to be a paper trail for the IRS to find either.  we use and disclose information to prevent people from abusing the platform, but