My reason is, FPS actually got a lot of non-gamer to become gamers.  I've met a couple of people who plays nothing but Call of Duty, Battlefield type games.  They also told me they have no interest in any other games, and had not played video games before. FPS like Call of Duty is very easy to get into, because it doesn't take a lot to understand.  That is not to say, COD or BW is simple games that everyone can master; but it means these games are easily immersible.  In these games, you have a fairly realistic world, and because it is first person, it makes it easier for people to be immersed.  The mechanism in these games are not as complicated as games such as RPGs, and definitely not fighters.   PS: I apologize. I realize calling you a retard is an insult to the mentally handicapped.  They are much more intelligent than you are.   Anyway, I don't know where you live, but video games doesn't get stigmatized where I am.  Sure, some people still view it as "immature", but then some people view sports as immature, some people view music as immature, etc. Ultimately... who cares about what other people think?  If you like games then you do.  Anything can be stigmatized. If this is Gundam model (Gunpla) related, you can take it to /r/gunpla and you'll definitely get appropriate help there.  Hope it helps. Take censorship for example, the Chinese government openly conceal facts and shut down websites.  The US government would shut down websites or fill the internet with pro-American propaganda.  It's just a different way of control.  It's no different. I do agree China needs a lot of work because corruption is much more severe over there, hence the extreme condition.  Keep in mind that China is a huge country, and only recently started to industrialized (relative to the US).  With the huge population and large land, on top of the difference in culture, you can't expect the Chinese government to turn everything around in a short amount of time. I don't know about Europe, but in the US, especially where I live, dating is very casual.  It goes from date, sex, then break up.  Happens all the time, no hard feelings afterward.  That almost never happens where I originally came from. One of the biggest factor that breaks the game for me is the visual, actually.  I am not talking about graphic quality, but the art style.  Whenever there is a game with cartoony, cute, or ugly characters, 99.9% of the time I would not even approach it, regardless of how "critically acclaimed" the series is. Another big factor would be things that would test my patience.  Anything from extreme level grinding, long load time, to dragging story line. Things that makes the game for me...  A game with fantastic visual.  Games like Metal Gear Rising, Devil May Cry, for instance.  Even games like Dynasty Warriors, while the game play is repetitive, the flashy action actually draw me right into the game. That is not to say, every western couple behaves that way; but it is simply how the culture is here.  There are always outliers. I'll use pop culture as an example.  In the west, you often hear songs about sex, one night stand, or similar topics.  You also get the heart broken songs, about breaking up, missing someone, etc; but it's not as saturated.  In the East, it's the opposite - with very little music about sex, if any.   How realistic it is, is all subjective and relative.  If you compare Gundam to Getta/Mazinger, of course it is real; but it doesn't mean it is realistic or practical.  Since the beginning, fighting a "mech" war with light saber and gundam hammer just isn't practical.  Then you have "technology" like moonlight butterfly, which is highly unrealistic.  But that is acceptable and often overlooked because it is technology "far in the future", therefore it is "explained" and "real". we use and disclose information to prevent people from abusing the platform, but