Attorney General Eric Holder and others have compared the laws to a poll tax, in which Southern states during the Jim Crow era imposed voting fees, which discouraged blacks, and even some poor whites -- until the passage of grandfather clauses -- from voting. Given the sometimes costly steps required to obtain needed documents today, legal scholars argue that photo ID laws create a new "financial barrier to the ballot box." http://www.propublica.org/article/everything-youve-ever-wanted-to-know-about-voter-id-laws But to vote, one of the most important and influential tasks a citizen can take, no proof of ID is required.  Requiring an ID has nothing to do with fairness. It is all about proving citizenship and preventing voter fraud.  What's more, getting an ID is incredibly cheap and easy. If I'm not mistaken, citizens can get an ID for free.  I could agree with restrictions if I saw some compelling evidence that they achieved a worthwhile goal.  But so far most of the voter fraud cases I've seen news of have been tea-party types trying to prove how easy it is to commit voter fraud. I agree with making voting easy. Which is why there are programs in place for making it easy for people to vote if they can't leave home or if they have difficulty getting an ID - which is something contributing members of society should have. For the few exceptions out there, which I'm sure there some legitimate people who don't have an ID - and they can get one.  But the simple fact is - IDs are required for many things in life - they should be required for the most important thing the average citizen can do.  You're simply saying "because it's important ID should be required."  But I don't see any solid reasoning behind it. The point is preventing voter fraud - which does happen - despite the liberal media's claims.  But there are good statistics showing that drunken driving and deaths due to drunken driving both go up when the drinking age is lower than 21.  So there's a reasonable basis, and a problem being solved by requiring proof of age to drink. he point is preventing voter fraud - which does happen - despite the liberal media's claims. So you claim that voter fraud does happen.  But there's really very little evidence that voter fraud happens at all. The best statistics I could show about 2000 criminal cases involving voting irregularities since the year 2000.  Of those 10 involved in-person voter impersonation. There were 491 cases of fraud involving absentee ballots.  Which voter ID would do nothing to solve.  And that's in a country with ~150 million registered voters across 10 years.  The rest of the allegations were elections officials and voter intimidation--things like that that aren't to do with fraudulently casting a ballot.  So 501 cases in something like 1.5 billion votes cast (assuming each person votes once a year for 10 years).  That's a rate of .3 fraud cases per million votes.  To me that doesn't rise to the level of actually being a problem.  If you require ID the number of people who are disenfranchised will absolutely be way bigger than the number of fraudulent votes avoided.  So to me that would be a failure of a policy. If only everyone were just like you, you would be correct, but there are many who are not like you at all, and may only have expired ID's, or are old, and don't drive anywhere, or have a need for an ID.   Students from out of state will not be able to vote here unlees they are a resident and have Texas issued ID. You think they're all going to send in absentee ballots? No, they aren't going to vote.   The elderly, poor, and college students are probably not going to put in the effort to vote if they have to get an ID. THAT'S THE POINT.   IDs are required for many menial things. Voting is much more important than them and IDs should also be required.  If no ID is required for voting then there should be no ID required to drive, buy alcohol or tobacco, or a job, or fill in the blank. Maybe there should be an amendment allowing for out of state IDs being valid provided that they can prove they're living in Texas. Because I'm assuming in state IDs being required is to prevent out of state people voting in Texas. Not sure on that point. If they are old or don't drive, then there are government programs can give people IDs for free and have them mailed strait to them.   ...but there is no evidence that voter ID's prevent fraud, so why require them at all?   IDs are required for many menial things. Voting is much more important than them and IDs should also be required.    ...but there is no evidence that voter ID's prevent fraud, so why require them at all?    If no ID is required for voting then there should be no ID required to drive, buy alcohol or tobacco, or a job, or fill in the blank.    Maybe there should be an amendment allowing for out of state IDs being valid provided that they can prove they're living in Texas. Because I'm assuming in state IDs being required is to prevent out of state people voting in Texas. Not sure on that point.    ...but there is no evidence that voter ID's prevent fraud, so why require them at all?     You say it's stupid to have the same standards for requiring Ids. Why is it stupid to require an ID to buy alcohol but not to vote?  There are plenty of instances of people voting for their dead relatives and the like.    http://www.dallasnews.com/news/politics/headlines/20130908-few-texas-voter-fraud-cases-would-have-been-prevented-by-photo-id-law-review-shows.ece  What's more - last time I talked to you you ignored every source I sent. You claimed you didn't agree with the people saying that stuff - so what they said was automatically wrong. Even though I linked to some of the same sites you linked to - like Forbes. I believe there was a MSNBC link in there (very liberal news source) and you ignored it.  So why should I waste my time when you'll ignore anything I say because you disagree with it - no matter how sourced it is. Facts don't matter - because you don't agree with them to begin with.  You're assuming, as you all do, that these are people buying guns, hunting, driving cars, buying alcohol and tobacco, and even have jobs. If you don't buy guns, don't go hunting, don't drive cars, don't buy alcohol and tobacco, and have no job either, I don't know if I would /want/ you to go voting. :P If you dont like me, simply reply leave me alone fallacybot , youll never see me again I think you're trying to say they can buy booze elsewhere but can't vote elsewhere.  So you're saying because a voting attendant might claim your if is fake and say you can't vote then no one should provide an ID? That's not logical.  So you're saying because a voting attendant might claim your if is fake and say you can't vote then no one should provide an ID? That's not logical. It's a pointless impediment to voting that was brought to you by the party that keeps crowing about how much they want to get rid of bureaucracy. Yet here, based on no evidence whatsoever, they put in a means for poll workers to fabricate excuses to keep people from voting. Also voter fraud is a felony offense. Not too many people want to risk that just to cast two votes or vote in the wrong district.  Tell me, why do Republicans, who were the major group supporting voter ID, suddenly find themselves in favor of additional pointless bureaucracy? theyre americans, theyve been paying taxes / serving their country their whole life.  laws shouldnt be put in place to keep them from voting. republicans are real pieces of shit when it comes to this.  trying to keep americans from voting cause they disagree with them.  what intellectual children. It has nothing to do with suppression because there are programs for anyone who would have trouble getting an ID. It's about combatting fraud.  If I need an ID to get a job, alcohol, gun, tobacco, drive - the list goes on - why do I not need an Id to prove citizenship for one of them most important tasks a citizen can take? Also, you know there is a program in place to deliver free IDs to their door, right?   Even though they can get a free ID, it's still an unfair burden on those unfortunate people. It's all the fault of rich white people and saying anything to the contrary is racism.  Voter ID's won't prevent a single case of fraud. Did you know that? Please STOP VOTING! Registering to vote is a burden. Therefore I shouldn't have to register to vote amirite?  You're right. We should have government employees come to everybody's house that way NO CITIZEN WILL EVER NEED BEAR THE BURDEN OF HAVING TO TRAVEL TO A VOTING SITE.  I can't believe people think standing in line for 10 minutes to an hour is a burden. I guess they must be leading very Cush lives for something that simple.  So standing in line for an ID is a burden... But standing in line to vote is not a burden? How is that logical?  And as has been stated several times. For those who are too old or are disabled or whatever reason can't leave their homes - they can vote or get an ID by mail.  So standing in line is not a reason - nor a burden since you can vote and get an ID by mail. Heck. I got my latest ID by mail and I'm a fit 24 year old.  So how is taking 2 hours (tops) out of your day some ungodly burden that people can't adjust their lives around? Show me evidence of more than two cases of voter fraud that would have been preventable with ID's.   They are simply a means to disenfranchise voters. It's really that simple. This is a law to keep certain classes of people from voting. That's it. It won't prevent a single case of fraud. we use and disclose information to prevent people from abusing the platform, but