/r/Worldnews is for major news from around the world except US-internal news / US politics. Content that does not belong in /r/worldnews, and is more suited to these and other subreddits, may be deleted from here. I didn't feel the ground shake or anything, but I think I was in my car when it went, so I wouldn't have. Edit:  Small update. I have some friends with family there, on whos grandfather lived like 1000 yards from it. When it blew it shattered every window in his house (most of the windows in the entire city, actually), and caved in the front from what I hear. Everyone is accounted for in her family though, so that's a blessing.  This is truly tragic Edit2: I removed the (apparent) rumor of the deaths. I had heard the number from a few different sources but it seems it's not concrete. There are a lot of ambulances running up and down I35 though  Edit: I might have read something wrong, it doesn't look like they'll have a mobile site on campus, check their twitter and  Waco is very different, however. There's a lot of poorer minorities within Waco. In fact, on campus we call campus the "Baylor bubble"; they have a perimeter of lights all around the campus, as well as a pretty active police force. There's more upper-class areas south and west of Waco, in the same manner as suburbs, but the area isn't big enough to call them suburbs, and they aren't as sprawling as suburbs.  As for Baylor, I really enjoy it here. It's a private Christian university,  but they don't shove it down peoples' throats. While there are a couple of required classes on the Bible and the history of Christianity, they're from an academic perspective, and dissent isn't quickly hidden away. As a Biology major, I'm especially glad they don't waste any time even mentioning creationism; the science classes here are about science. I'd have to say a great draw has been the people here. It's not so big that you become a number and it's not so small that everyone seems to be the same. While upper/middle class white kids are the majority, there's still a decent amount of diversity. Overall, I'm very glad I ended up picking Baylor to study at. It's commonly used as a high-nitrogen fertilizer as well. This was the result of people not following safety procedures to the letter and an accident turned into a terrible disaster in the blink of the eye.  On a serious note I hope the community continues to pour resources into this. My hospital is a bit too far from there to get involved but we have a LARGE rehab facility so I'm sure we'll reach out in the coming days to take on patients. She's been talking about how eerie it's going to be tomorrow to see the faces of the people who died. I also had my doubts about this being felt in Dallas. I was in Georgetown when it blew, which is closer than Dallas, and I felt/heard, nothing. But I guess the earth shifts in weird ways. So were they as far away as they seem? Because if so, that explosion was massive. No way would I have ever expected that. I'm in Dallas. Just heard another boom. It was probably thunder, but the timing seems awfully suspicious.  At this point, nobody knows, and anyone who says otherwise before they can get in and take a look is talking out of their ass or downright guessing. As for this particular plant, I have been to West many times and they are no more or less secure than any other plant. There is limited security like exists at most industrial facilities, but West is not highly populated compared to neighboring areas (Waco, Temple, etc.). Right now all we can do is hope that the fire gets put out quickly and the casualty list is shorter than anticipated (I have heard between sixty and seventy estimated deaths). Truth will out. we use and disclose information to prevent people from abusing the platform, but