Also, a friend of mine, Canadian by birth, lives there now and has written several blog posts about it.  One is here: http://twodifferentgirls.com/2012/10/11/living-and-travel-in-papua-new-guinea/    Looking under his author name (omillet) will show several other he's written about PNG We had one week and did not want to drive like crazy the entire time, so concentrated on the Istria area. I've seen pictures of Split, and Dubrovnik, and would have liked to see them (especially the later), but again, I like to have the freedom to see something on the side of the road and stop. Traffic laws are similar. You should get familiar with the road signs in Europe, but it's not much different, other than pedestrians ALWAYS have the right of way, unless there is a light at the intersection, so you must watch for crosswalks everywhere in town and even sometimes out in the country. They aren't always at the corner.  Gas is everywhere in the larger towns. Some of the really small places don't have any, but we just made sure we always filled the tank when it got near halfway mark. Gas is expensive in Europe - think about $8 per gallon. You need to know how to drive a stick shift. It is possible to rent automatics, but they are rare and usually cost a great deal more to rent (it would have added $100 to our $185-for-the-week rate). Croatia is small, though, and small cars are fairly fuel effecient. I picked out car up at the Zagreb airport, but if you search you might find that the same car, same company, will be slightly less if you pick it up in the central city (say, near your hotel).  I did not inquire about drop-off charges, although I did drop a car in France once without an additional charge. You just have to ask them ahead of time. Note also: When I signed the rental agreement (we used Sixt), they put a $1000 'hold' against my American Express card. It is in case you don't bring the car back. No charge showed up on my card (I checked a couple days later) but I'm not sure how that would work on a bank or debit card. The clerk told me it was the law in Croatia. I think you might also want to check that. It wasn't an issue for me since I had it on my Amex, but I don't know if it would go as a 'balance' against a bank card and reduce your available credit or not. I also don't know what  would have happened if you didn't have $1000 available credit. You should talk to whoever you end of renting from, before you go. If you have an Amex card, you can get the 'preminium rental car policy' for $19 that covers everything, even above what Amex usually covers, so you don't have to pay for the car rental companies isurance. The country was VERY easy to drive through. The roads, especially the highways, are in great shape. Even a couple of the small country roads we went on were easy, although a bit patched in places. Going through the villages was easy - you just watched the signs on the corners. My friend was the 'navigator' so I watched traffic and crosswalks, she read the signs and told me when to turn.  I think Croatia is a good bargain. I had some free nights from hotels.com and used those to stay in pretty upscale places for free, but the cost would have been about $150-$180 (cheaper than many cities in the US for a Hampton type places). However, the real thing to check out is the 'sobe' which are rooms or apartments for rent. They are everywhere. You can find them on Trip Advisor or Hotels.com. Usually family owned, located in the cities or in the country villages, they ran about $50 per night, which I split with my friend. You can get with private bath or shared bath, but they are not hostels, they are private rooms, sort of like B&Bs but sometimes without the breakfast. Rick Steve's did some pieces on traveling in Croatia, and recommended using sobe. Since we were traveling in September, we didn't even make reservations until the night before, as they were always available. I highly recommend that way to travel. We met some neat people a couple of the nights. Whew. I hope that isn't too long. I had a great time and will be writing it up over the next several days in my blog. I just got back less than a week ago! we use and disclose information to prevent people from abusing the platform, but