War Horse opening nightA moving drama filled with stirring music, 'War Horse' arrives at the Ohio Theatre for a week-long... For private seller and classified advertising, call 614-888-8888 or visit DispatchClassifieds.com. Enjoy the convenience of home delivery plus Digital D. Sign up for our BEST VALUE today! Online? On the go? Enjoy unlimited premium dispatch.com content plus the E-Edition for computer and iPad. Award-winning journalism conveniently delivered to your home. Choose the custom package best suited for you! Afternoon Update, sent weekday afternoons, keeps you up to date with breaking news and updates The E-Edition includes all of the news, comics, classifieds and advertisements of the newspaper. Current home-delivery subscribers may add Digital D, 24/7 E-Edition and unlimited premium charge. Or, you can choose a digital-only subscription for unlimited access to the E-Edition fertilizer-plant blast reopened yesterday with hugs for students and parents, as some residents Fourteen people were killed and some 200 injured in the huge explosions at the West Fertilizer Co. facility that supplied agricultural chemicals and fertilizer to area farmers. The cause of what is assumed to be an industrial accident has not been determined, although the facility stored liquid anhydrous ammonia fertilizer in huge tanks and ammonium nitrate in dry form. Both are considered hazardous materials that could ignite under certain conditions. Meanwhile, President Barack Obama will attend a memorial service Thursday at Baylor University A line of cars and trucks swept around West Elementary School as parents kissed their children Over the weekend, volunteers built three temporary classrooms at the elementary school for an additional 300 students. Efforts to settle them included putting teddy bears on desks and names on Even at record levels, the stock market is not winning many new individual investors. Bankrate.com says new research shows 76 percent of Americans are not inclined to invest in the stock market. That comes even as interest rates on savings accounts and for certificates of deposit