/r/Worldnews is for major news from around the world except US-internal news / US politics. Content that does not belong in /r/worldnews, and is more suited to these and other subreddits, may be deleted from here. This event is now over - Thanks to those who helped with tips - I have created a twitter account as some of you asked, follow for updates on the latest news. No spam or false flags. Anyone living in North Texas (AKA in the Dallas/Fort Worth area) is being advised to close all windows and bring any pets inside. There are very strong northern winds right now, and officials are concerned about the fumes from the plant, which could possibly contain hazardous chemicals. - TheCynicalIdealist Get out of the area immediately - Use a cloth soaked in vinegar to breathe through (Thank you MumblesInTheCorner) - This is likely to be Anhydorus Ammonia - It clings to the floor/ground and can cause death in high exposure. Aggieland Outfitters will pickup our RV from storage at 8:30am and set up at 9am in the POST OAK MALL parking lot in the area closest to Highway 6. Please bring bottled water, blankets, clothes, shoes, toilet paper, baby food, diapers, bottles, formula, toys for the kids, etc. Please do not arrive before 9am. We cannot get the RV from storage until 8:30 and setup as soon as possible. We will accept cash donations at the George Bush and University Drive stores and use 100% of the donations to purchase additional supplies. But please bring any supplies donations to the Post Oak Mall parking lot. If you'd like to volunteer, please text HELPWEST to 99000 and we will let people know when/where we may need additional manpower to help with the efforts. Information hotline: 254-202-1100 - Call for any information on loved ones who are affected by this event. A large amount of people are without power, taking from Nephilis's comment, this number is estimated to be around 1,100. According to Ben Ferguson, the evacuation area is set to expand. For evacuation protocol, check out /u/TheCynicalIdealist 's comment here Anybody who can smell fertilizer and lives in the area of West is recommended to shut their windows (provided they aren't in west) and cover their mouths with a damp cloth. If it's strong and misty, please turn off your utilities and evacuate to a safe place. Tell somebody you are doing this as to avoid worrying your neighbors. Those wanting to help out, please wait until tomorrow to allow residents and officials to take stock of what they are facing. It is unlikely you are able to do anything helpful right now, through no fault of your own - Even EMS are being turned away. Officials have said they do not require any more help currently and once they are able to see the area in day light, funds and drives will be set up to cover the residents' losses. Please if you live in the area, give blood at the respective places at the bottom of the comment. Please take care. No details on the cause, however no suspicious motives have been considered. This is seemly an unfortunate accident.  A second tank is under threat from exploding with 200,000 pounds of anhydrous ammonia (Thanks to darthn3ss and cjbest). The triage center has been moved inside after danger from poisonous gases and further explosions. A press conference held by D.L. Wilson (Department of Public Safety) in West Texas reports West requires no more help. 'Tremendous injuries with confirmed fatalities'.  An Apartment building with 50 apartments is now 'just skeleton standing there' and the nursing home ' 133 has been evacuated with unknown injuries' A blood drive is being held tomorrow morning at 9:00 am - Look to your local medical centers for more information.  Homes have been damaged. Reports indicate smashed windows, collapsed walls and ceilings. Hill Crest hospital has seen over 100 victims, lesser injuries luckily. The Fire Department is reporting wounded from homes, the retirement home and apartment complex. Firefighters have been confirmed to be involved in the injured - No number or confirmation of deaths. They were also fighting the fire previous to the explosion at the plant, they are currently unaccounted for.  Expected Storm Front coming in - Anybody in the area, you should have an idea of how to prepare for these. Fire Department expects fatalities to rise. The flames are still there but not as strong as previous. Currently (2:15 am local time) they are still trying to evacuate the area although this is taking time due to structural damage. They have also confirmed law enforcement officer is missing. People confirmed trapped - They are still searching homes for more people - No comment on the status of these people. Hazmat teams are on the ground, an incident command post is set up, law enforcement command post set up, working with local meteorologists. Over 700 EMS on site. A group of firefighters have the fires under the tanks under control - They feel comfortable with the safety of no more explosions. The secondary explosions are no longer a threat. A gif of the moment when the explosion occurred - To those asking about the flare before the explosion, /u/Jungle_Nipples reports it to be an artifact from the camera capture. Google Document of people offering a place to stay - /u/thesoundoholic and /u/OverR Map of where people have mentioned they have felt and heard the blast - /u/Wildly_curious_1 and /u/_DevilsAdvocate It's always disturbing when I have to try and cite experts or eyewitnesses from reddit... Emergency hotline set up for people needing info on loved ones in West, Texas - 254-202-1100. https://maps.google.com/maps/ms?msid=209846025921424119826.0004da9950ad853cd5748&msa=0&ll=31.815657,-97.100344&spn=0.039603,0.084543 While the energy unleashed is not particularly great (nearly all known explosives are better in that regard, including black powder) it produces a great amount of gasses, explaining the size of the visible explosion. The stuff is almost completely safe when handled in small quantities though, worst thing that could happen is that it slowly burns away. All known catastrophes with the stuff involved extremely large amounts and a lot of bad luck/stupidity. When you actually got a larger AN detonation going, it's really bad, unleashing a shitload of gas under extreme pressure and high temperature. The shockwave itself isn't nearly as damaging as most high explosives (but there is one! ) but the extreme pressure caused by the gases can cause extreme damage in confined spaces. The problem is getting it to detonate in first place, as it won't even burn very well if you just light it on fire - it needs high pressure to detonate, like priming explosive Well, for this, I'll put on my specialty hat.  My main research is in nitrogen biogeochemistry. My (very probable) guess for the reason these explosions occurred with fertilizers is due to the presence of ammonium nitrate.  Ammonium ions (which may be converted to nitrate through nitrification) and nitrate ions are both extremely useful for plants (e.g. formation of proteins), so ammonium nitrate is abundant in fertilizers.  Industrial fertilizer production, thanks to the Haber-Bosch process, is now a major way atmospheric nitrogen is fixed for agricultural use.  The ammonia from industrial fixation can then be reacted with nitric acid to form ammonium nitrate. Normally, these would decompose slowly, releasing nitrous oxide (N2O), which is a potent greenhouse gas, but not an immediate threat.  However, under quick change, like through detonation, the reaction favors a higher production of oxygen, which forms extremely rapidly.   This high oxygen content combined with the quick reaction and gas evolution rate results in an extremely potent explosion! So, once something sparks combustion in a place where ammonium nitrate is abundant, it's easy to see how the whole place can go up quite quickly.  I'm unsure of how high quantities of this is stored, as the amounts that I work with are relatively small. Always happy to see you light up a thread, an expert has parachuted in on the situation. A friend of mine developed slight hearing loss as a child, due to being near an airstrike while growing up in Yugoslavia. Hopefully this kid doesn't lose the full range of their hearing due to this. When I was in high-school in Las Vegas, the plant responsible for making solid rocket fuel for the shuttle exploded about 10 miles outside of town. It knocked out windows in every building in town... biggest non-nuclear blast I have ever witnessed seen. The worse part is the dad can't reassure him because he can't hear the kid and vice versa. EDIT: Apparently due to the speed, they are saying it was like two different concussion blasts. One pushing and then one pulling from the air rushing back in. Similar to a nuclear blast in that aspect. I'm sure there's a proper term for such a blast effect maybe someone can elaborate on that outside of the obvious pressure pushing air out to create a vacuum and air coming back in. Edit - Apparently a campground out at Lanthem Springs is setting up shelters for those affected. I'm headed out that way to help set up. The air mattress in my extra room is still available and I've listed it in r/waco and the google doc that is going around. I will get back on Reddit when I return to see if anyone needs the space.  Edit Again - Finally found Lantham Springs after a few issues with apple maps. Was told to find a parking space and wait with the rest of the volunteers in the dining hall. They are expecting a few busses of displaced residents to show up. This place has a lot of dorm style buildings and is definitally prepared for a situation like this. By the time I got here the volunteers had already organized linens, water, food, toiletries etc. Now were just waiting for the Red Cross to bring over the residents. Thanks again for the support. I've been a lurker around here for a little while and tonight is the first time I've ever made a comment. Your kind words and thoughts for our community are much appreciated. For anyone wondering why two stages is bad, if you aerate the fertilizer first and then blow it up it's like a billion times more dangerous.  All those suspended particles work like tiny bombs. A reminder to all fellow engineers, maintenance folk, operators and others working at a large chemical facility around the world: Sometimes safety programs can be a little over the top and treated as an afterthought or punchline, but they're there for a reason. If you see a dangerous practice or habit, report it. If it's not being addressed, do your coworkers and community a favor and blow the whistle. It may end your job with that company, but it certainly won't end your career. It's our job to protect everyone from the dangers of chemicals that they know very little about. When we fail to do our job together, people die. And I stress together because as anyone who has worked in a plant will know, when these incidents happen it's because of a systemic failure in management, engineering, safety programs, and operations.   **And this should be considered a world event as this will likely be another incident to learn from.  We don't need another Bhopal, Texas City, Flixborough, or San Juanico.   There are few things in this world that scare me more than HF. Maybe dimethylmercury, but that isn't used for anything anymore as far as I'm aware.  Hydrofluoric acid is a highly corrosive acid, capable of dissolving many materials, especially oxides. Its ability to dissolve glass has been known since the 17th century... Hydrogen fluoride gas is an acute poison that may immediately and permanently damage lungs and the corneas of the eyes. Aqueous hydrofluoric acid is a contact-poison with the potential for deep, initially painless burns and ensuing tissue death. By interfering with body calcium metabolism, the concentrated acid may also cause systemic toxicity and eventual cardiac arrest and fatality, after contact with as little as 160 cm2 (25 square inches) of skin. That is some scary stuff. That last bit, that contact with 25 square inches of skin can be fatal... basically if you got a really good splash on your forearm, that's about 25 square inches. It is just a storage facility for farmers buying ammonium nitrate. There are probably less regulations on that type of facility compared to a real nitrogen plant.  Seismometer in Amarillo measured 2.1 from the fertilizer plant explosion in West, TX 400 mi away EPA paperwork stated that there were 54,000 lbs of anhydrous ammonia on hand and no risk of explosion The FAA has put a no-fly zone into effect 3 miles around West and below 3,000 feet West has a population of 2,847, there are hundreds that were injured in the blast. An information hotline was set up for concerned friends and relatives at 254-202-1100 Providence Hospital in Waco has received 45 patients 1 in critical condition 17 in triage waiting to be seen 8 blocks have been evacuated due to toxic fumes, the entire town has been asked to leave Frisco FD has sent an ambulance bus which can transport and treat 20 patients at once I didn't feel the ground shake or anything, but I think I was in my car when it went, so I wouldn't have. Edit:  Small update. I have some friends with family there, on whos grandfather lived like 1000 yards from it. When it blew it shattered every window in his house (most of the windows in the entire city, actually), and caved in the front from what I hear. Everyone is accounted for in her family though, so that's a blessing.  This is truly tragic Edit2: I removed the (apparent) rumor of the deaths. I had heard the number from a few different sources but it seems it's not concrete. There are a lot of ambulances running up and down I35 though  Edit: I might have read something wrong, it doesn't look like they'll have a mobile site on campus, check their twitter and  Witnesses are reporting that a large fire was visible prior to massive explosion, which blasted out doors and windows mile away.  EDIT: For everybody who has not yet seen my later comment and is following this one, she is doing fine and I will post updates on her condition if requested. I would like to thank all of Reddit for being such an amazing community and thank you for all of your kind words. They really kept my spirit uplifted during all of this.  Among the damaged buildings was the West Rest Haven Nursing Home, from which first-responders evacuated 133 patients, some in wheelchairs. "We did get there and got that taken care of," Muska said. "It was an apartment complex that was devastated, the nursing home. The fire was close to a residential area," Anthony said. EVACUATE IMMEDIATELY, the residual chemicals from the plant explosion is extremely dangerous! the quality of the fumes from the plant are currently unknown, but officials are concerned that they may contain hazardous chemicals. If you're trying to reach friends, family, etc. who live in West, TX, the Hillcrest Hospital has set up a hotline to help: 254-202-1100  Please spread this information around, and upvote so everyone can see! Thank you! EDIT: Also click here for a general summary of information regarding the explosion. Thanks, TheEarthquakeGuy. EDIT 2: Anyone living in North Texas (AKA in the Dallas/Fort Worth area) is being advised to CLOSE ALL WINDOWS and BRING ALL YOUR PETS INSIDE. There are very strong northern winds right now, and officials are concerned about the fumes from the plant, which could possibly contain hazardous chemicals. Also, there is a Google doc for available housing for those displaced by the explosion linked right here. At  7:50pm local time, a massive explosion has rocked a fertiliser plant in West, Texas, and it is understood that several people have been killed. Firefighters had been called to the plant in West, about 20 miles north of Waco, and were on scene tackling a fire when the explosion occurred. The blast could be heard 45 miles away, and there are reports of damaged buildings across a wide area. NO OFFICIAL CONFIRMATION According to Dr. Smith in West, 6 firefighters, 2 EMS workers & 1 police officer are confirmed dead Latest Update: DPS Trooper DL Wilson said in a press conference that there is no definate number of casualties. Plans on announcing a number at 6 a.m. He also said that authorities  will be going house by house searching for survivors. He said the fertilizer plant is still smoldering and damage is significant. Trooper Wilson said an 8 to 10 block radius of the area have been cleared. Authorities worried that north winds might spread the fire. Anyone living in North Texas (AKA in the Dallas/Fort Worth area) is being advised to close all windows and bring any pets inside. There are very strong northern winds right now, and officials are concerned about the fumes from the plant, which could possibly contain hazardous chemicals. - TheCynicalIdealist Carter Blood Care Center in Waco will be open & accepting blood donations starting at 9 am tomorrow. To check on injured residents admitted to Hillcrest Baptist Medical Center call (254) 202-1100 Emergency hotline set up for people needing info on loved ones in West, Texas - 254-202-1100. Get out of the area immediately - This is likely to be Anhydorus Ammonia - It clings to the floor/ground and can cause death in high exposure. 12.33 Unknown number of people killed in plant explosion near Waco, says Texas Dept.of Public Safety.  12.51 USGS reports the explosion in West had a magnitude of 2.1 on the Richter scale. 12.51 The H-E-B on Spate and 12th has already donated water and snack to people taking shelter at Blair's Cover Apartments 12.55 Official press conference for Waco Fertilizer explosion at 5 a.m. Eastern time. 12.57 The plant is believed to have large stores of ammonia, an explosive and toxic chemical. As well as concerns about danger to further storage tanks on the site, the authorities are worried that the gas could be blown into residential areas 01.07 Aerial footage showed fires smouldering in the ruins of the plant and in several surrounding buildings. 01.11 A floodlit local football field was turned into a staging area for emergency crews, and dozens of people could be seen receiving treatment there. 01.15  West Mayor Tommy Muska told reporters  "We've got a lot of people who are hurt, and there's a lot of people, I'm sure, who aren't gonna be here tomorrow. We're gonna search for everybody. We're gonna make sure everybody's accounted for. That's the most important thing right now." 01.30 NEW CONCERN: Texas Dept of Public Safety now concerned about an "unexploded tank venting gas" 01.31 Officials from the Texas Commission for Environmental Quality, the state's emergency management department and an incident management team are on scene. Also present are the state's top urban search and rescue team, the health department and mobile medical units. 01.36 Flow of patients from West slowing down at Hillcrest, CEO says. Onsite triage center now only treating minor injuries. 01.47 Responder being interviewed on WFAA. Says ground zero "is not good."  Pulled 4 bodies from "elderly center." 02.15 WacoPolice: Very hectic still. Trying to secure surrounding neighborhoods and still evac injured. 02.19 A fire burns inside an apartment complex which was destroyed by the strength of the blast. (AP) 02.22 Waco Police confirm that there are fatalities, but will not confirm numbers as of yet. 02.24 Waco Police: There is currently no indication to the cause of the fire - they are keeping an open mind over whether it was sparked by a chemical reaction or if there was a criminal cause. 02.28 Will Swanson from Waco police has just ended the press conference - he said they are hopeful that in the morning there will be a better idea of the spread of the damage. It's currently 2.26am in Texas. **02.29* Mr Swanson said that the explosion happened about 50 minutes after the fire alert. He said that the fertiliser plant was in a "down-town" area which contained businesses, homes, the nursing home and other buildings. 02.32 Firefighters check a destroyed apartment complex, with the red glow from the fires raging across the area visible in the sky. (AP) 02.37 San Antonio Fire sent AmBus w/ capacity for 20 stretchers to West tonight. SAFD on standby  02.39 Police in West: no numbers of fatalities. No cause for explosion. Rescue efforts hindered by structural damage. 02.42 Eyewitnesses have reported a dark curtain of soot and dust covering the area, with debris lying across roads, buildings destroyed and several fires still raging. 02.45 NO OFFICIAL CONFIRMATION According to Dr. Smith in West, 6 firefighters, 2 EMS workers & 1 police officer are confirmed dead 02.47 @youranonnews: Fires at the plant are now under control and the threat of further explosion has been downgraded.  02.53 The fertilizer plant where the explosion occured was cited for failing to obtain or to qualify for a permit in 2006. 02.56 NBC 5 is reporting 75-100 homes and businesses were destroyed and 200 people reported injured as of now. 02.59 May be necessary to evacuate people living who live to the south/west of the explosion site, depending on wind conditions. 03.01 A spokesman for a local hospital said: "We are being told that we have seen most of the patients, and it's now turned into a search-and-rescue operation on scene. We are seeing a lot of lacerations and orthopedic-type injuries... things you would expect in an explosion." 03.03 Nine people suffering burns have been transferred to the Parkland Hospital in Dallas for specialist treatment. 03.04 Smoke billows from the fertiliser plant while firefighters battle against the flames. (AP) edit: Apparently this is a little misleading. It read a 2.1 in DFW. I'm sure there's someone with some tectonic expertise who would be willing to fill us in on how seismographs work. "The magnitude measures only the ground motion, not the air wave, so is substantially less than the true size of the event." Edit: Thanks for the support ya'll. I'll let the lab folks know that reddit's got our backs, probably only 2 people would know what reddit is but I'll let them know. Edit 2: I'm hardly reading responses. Was working on a research paper and wandered on to reddit whenever my mind wanders. But from the few responses I read so far... I just had to say that ya'll are freakin' sweet and awesome! Thanks again. Unfortunately many of his VFD brethren that were fighting the blaze along with him that were unable to survive the blast.  What's worst is that by one of the top comments you get the feeling that this could have been prevented. For everybody who was concerned about my girlfriend's mother, after 4 long hours of anticipation, everything is okay, I just received a text that said she is doing fine. I am not aware if she is home or not yet but I would just like to thank the community for all of their kind words and ability to keep my spirit uplifted. ANOTHER QUICK EDIT: I will update sometime tomorrow whenever I am off of class and have had more time to hear the full story, my girlfriend is very tired and so am I from all of this anticipation. Similar thing: Felt an earthquake in Tokyo around noon yesterday.  Then we had another about 9:00pm.  Should I be thinking "OMG! Megaquake is coming!!!" No, I just noticed two of the hundreds of quakes that are occurring all the time off the Japanese archipelago.  A large earthquake will occur at some point, though and I may be very fucked. "From Kris Betts KVUE -- Please share: Blair's Cove Apartments off 21st St in Waco has 50 rooms open over next 3 nights for explosion victims. Pets are welcome." One -This picture shows where the picture was taken (Circle) and where the explosion happened. Confirmed fatalities but they are not yet commenting on the number or estimated number.  Due to instability of the area, many searches are delayed and areas are closed off from rescue missions.  They are searching houses and the area for people in waves in concern for safety of fire and rescue personnel EDIT: They also stressed that they do not need any civilian or additional help at this time. All people are asked to leave or stay out of the area. That plant had a whole lot of solid wanting to turn back into nitrogen gas, and when it does so the process isn't gentle. This reminds me of a similar event that happened in my country 9 years ago when a truck loaded with 20 tons of ammonium nitrate rolled over and caught fire, and one hour later exploded killing 18 people. Other events sharing the date of the gas attack on Mt. Carmel have been mentioned in discussions of the Waco siege. The April 20, 1999, Columbine High School massacre might have been timed to mark either an anniversary of the FBI's assault or Adolf Hitler's birthday.[116] Some of the connections appear coincidental. April 19 was the date from the American Revolution of "the shot heard round the world." It was also the date of the opening of the siege on the CSAL group in Arkansas in 1985. EDIT 2: Im sure we as a collective could pic any week of any month and find what shitty events occurred in years past. history is riddled with stuff. EDIT1: KHOU is reporting 60-70 possible dead and are saying at 10:45 at least 61 victims injured and 44 in serious condition. EDIT3: I am listening to the police scanner for the area. The National Guard was put on standby. EDIT4: ABC reporting 124 people hospitalized, one hospital says 20 more on the way. 38 considered serious. EDIT5: Unverified "Most of the fire fighters who responded to the original fire are now unaccounted for" -Mayor EDIT6: Edit 5 Verified. NBC, ABC, and CNN reporting that there are unaccounted firefighters. Number is unknown. EDIT8: REPORTED West Fertilizer Co. reported having as much as 54,000 pounds of anhydrous ammonia. For comparison Timothy McVeigh used 4,800 lbs of  ammonium nitrate fertilizer for the OKC bombings. *Edit: I should add that the Mayor said that everyone has been accounted for but didn't say anything about people being injured or killed from the blast we use and disclose information to prevent people from abusing the platform, but