It's not an excuse, but it's still an accident. I just think we should focus on the cases where it was malicious intentional instead. He is in the wrong. This isn't malicious police brutality. The anti-cop circle jerk here is uncalled for. Focus on the real scumbags who do this shit on purpose.  She didn't want to get in the cell, he chose a poor method of getting her into the cell that did not go as he planned and resulted in an injury.  Malicious police brutality deserves this kind of outrage, not some cop who fucked up and unintentionally injured a noncompliant suspect. I see no example of malicious intent in this video and it seems like an isolated event (unless someone can provide me with proof of this cop having a history of similar misconduct). Not an excuse for his behavior at all, but let's not start bashing everyone who has ever worn a badge because of it.  That doesn't make it okay in any way shape or form, but we don't have to sensationalize it and make her a saint and him Satan; He should be punished accordingly for his gross and inappropriate handling of a DUI suspect that was uncooperative, but we shouldn't use this as evidence that all police are evil pigs that are out to hurt you.  He fucked up, plain and simple. He should face punishment because of it. That said, we should focus on the police who actually throw innocent people face first into the concrete on purpose and maliciously instead of those that fucked up causing an accident.  This cop obviously handled the situation wrong, but this doesn't prove the majority of cops are power tripping thugs at all. This case has several shades of morally gray all over it; we should focus on the cops who actually are doing shit like this out of malicious intent and not on accident because they handled a non complaint DUI suspect wrongfully.  There are better cases out there against bad cops and malicious police brutality.  This just looks like a cop under stress who accidentally fucked up. Then she's going back in with the "help" of two cops and gets pushed into the cell with her arms out like she is grabbing for the sides of the cell entrance.  the cop was in the wrong, but she was not cooperating with getting back in the cell. That's what it looks like in the video to me. Definitely handled wrong, but not with malicious intent.  It wasn't okay at all,  but by no means an excuse to sensationalize and bash all cops as brutal thugs she resisted being put back in the cell and an unfortunate accident happened. I highly doubt he intended for her to smash her face into the bench in any way shape or form. That isn't an excuse for what happened, just saying that it doesn't appear to be malicious. And I don't think this anti-cop circle jerk is carrying much weight.  Lets not forget, everyone makes mistakes. Like this cop who applied to much force to get the woman back into her cell. Like the woman, who was there in the first place after being arrested for DUI. we use and disclose information to prevent people from abusing the platform, but