It's never a particularly good idea to go against the grain on reddit. The book is massively popular with zombie fans, which means it's massively popular on this sub, but that doesn't mean it's massively popular with everyone. The sheer scale of the movie's revenue and the thought that the name was just a ploy to squeeze some pennies from the fanbase just don't add up. If Harry Potter changed mostly everything from the book for the movie, that would be cashing in. The studios could count on a large percentage of those fans going to see the movie and being completely tricked and accounting for a lot of the revenue. As I've shown, even if a large percentage of the WWZ book fans went and saw the movie, it would still only count for less than 10% of its total gross so far. I'm not sure >10% can count as cashing in. If everyone who ever bought the book went and saw the movie this past weekend, that's what? $10-10.5 million? That's if the average ticket price is $10. So, it wouldn't have accounted for even 10% of their opening weekend gross. And that's not even taking into account a lot of the fans who refused to see it on principal. I think it's more likely that the studio liked some of the concepts and the title of the book but went in another direction, they weren't snickering to themselves about pulling the wool over the eyes of a million some-odd people, it's just not worth it to them. I'm not saying its not popular, but come on guys, it's not nearly as popular as these other books. [Edit]My bad, WWZ passed 1 million copies sold in 2011, I thought we were still in 2012. I mean, there aren't just masses of WWZ readers out there, it's not like Harry Potter or Hunger Games. That about sums it up. The concourses are too packed, literally everything shows its age, if you want a drink to try and not die in the oven that is the concrete stadium you have to fight through a mob about 10 deep at one of the 6 whole concession stands. And as far as glossing over the reality shattering idea, I think the nature of the event didn't allow many people the luxury of just sitting down and really mulling over the implications. If you saw Lockdown, it felt a little similar to that. Like when Guy Pierce wrapped the explosive around the guys neck and it cut away for the explosion, you just knew they had filmed it and some executive somewhere pushed for pg-13 so it got cut. You're right, the book wouldn't have been able to translate well at all to a 1.5-2 hour movie. I'm with the group that hopes it gets made into a miniseries on HBO or something. Now, my only hope is that the movie does well and gets HBO or Shotime interested in a miniseries more in line with the source material. The Oregon game would be a de facto home game, though I'm sure more Oregon fans would show up. Baylor would like the exposure on the west coast and the best way to do that is to play there, UCLA can visit next year. we use and disclose information to prevent people from abusing the platform, but