U.S. NewsManhunt Empties BostonAriz. Woman Accused of Abusing Niece...2 US Citizens Found Guilty in NY in...Travelers Give Hawaii Dogs 2nd Chance on...USA Today Founder Neuharth Dies in...WATCH VIDEO:  U.S.  &raquoBoston Bombing Manhunt: Shots Fired in...Boston Manhunt: Suspect Escapes,...More U.S. HeadlinesDorner Transcripts Show Deputies Held...Cops: 2 NJ Kids Lived in Storage Unit...Arkansas Turns to Different Lethal...Doctors Says Boy Severely Burned Prior...2 More Bodies in Texas Explosion, Death...In The NewsWeather NewsBarack ObamaImmigration ReformCrime News Casualties at a fertilizer-plant explosion are estimated to be between 5 and 15.  (ABC News) Rescuers searched the smoking remnants of a Texas farm town Thursday for survivors of a thunderous fertilizer plant explosion, gingerly checking smashed houses and apartments for anyone still trapped in debris while the community awaited word on the number of dead. Initial reports put the fatalities as high as 15, but later in the day, authorities backed away from any estimate and refused to elaborate. More than 160 people were hurt. A breathtaking band of destruction extended for blocks around the West Fertilizer Co. in the small community of West. The blast shook the ground with the strength of a small earthquake and crumpled dozens of homes, an apartment complex, a school and a nursing home. Its dull boom could be heard dozens of miles away from the town about 20 miles north of Waco. Waco police Sgt. William Patrick Swanton described ongoing search-and-rescue efforts as "tedious and time-consuming," noting that crews had to shore up much of the wreckage before going in. There was no indication the blast, which sent up a mushroom-shaped plume of smoke and left behind a crater, was anything other than an industrial accident, he said. On Thursday evening, several hundred people packed St. Mary of the Assumption Catholic Church in downtown West for a non-denominational church service. A victim relief services chaplain said prayers and hymns were offered in honor of blast victims. ABC NewsCasualties at a fertilizer-plant explosion are estimated to be between 5 and 15. The explosion was apparently touched off by a fire, but there was no indication what sparked the blaze. The company had been cited by regulators for what appeared to be minor safety and permitting violations over the past decade. The Wednesday night explosion rained burning embers and debris down on terrified residents. The landscape Thursday was wrapped in acrid smoke and strewn with the shattered remains of buildings, furniture and personal belongings. "You're strong through it because that's your job. That's what you've been trained to do. But you're reminded of the tragedy and your family. And that it could be you," Hall said. "Then it's a completely different story." While the community tended to its deep wounds, investigators awaited clearance to enter the blast zone for clues to what set off the plant's huge stockpile of volatile chemicals. "It's still too hot to get in there," said Franceska Perot, a spokeswoman for the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives, later adding that she wasn't sure when her team would be able to start its investigation. The precise death toll was uncertain. Three to five volunteer firefighters initially were believed to be among the dead, which authorities said could number as many as 15. But the state Department of Public Safety later said the number of fatalities couldn't be confirmed. The many injuries included broken bones, cuts and bruises, respiratory problems and minor burns. A few people were reported in intensive care and several more in critical condition. First-responders evacuated 133 patients from the nursing home, some in wheelchairs. Many were dazed and panicked and did not know what happened. Live Updates: West, Texas, Fertilizer Plant ExplosionTexas Fertilizer Explosion: Fatalities ConfirmedWest Texas Fertilizer Plant Explosion: Health ConcernsWest Texas Plant Explosion: The Casualties'Significant Devastation' in West, Texas, ExplosionTexas Explosion Witness: 'Whole Streets, Houses Destroyed' Do you have more information about this topic?  If so, please click here to contact the editors of ABC News. Javascript is not enabled on your browser. Please enable javascript to use the community features on this page. If your browser does not support javascript, please visit our browser upgrade page for a list of supported web browsers.