Just for reference, how expensive was your schooling? I'm assuming you're American, right? And you don't have to apologize! Pointing out a logical flaw in someone's criticism doesn't mean you're a rape apologist. That's such an absurd connection to worry about. The reason most rape cases are not carried out, though, is because the facts are hearsay and the there is little evidence of a crime. That's not specific to rape, those rules apply to all crime. It is unfortunate that rape typically leaves the same evidence as consensual sex. What you've gone through must've sucked. I can wholly support breaking down the rape culture as I believe it exists, but as a victim of a violent crime myself, in which the criminals walked free, yes, it's stupidly upsetting, but I wouldn't want the justice system to start taking peoples' words for it, even though I know who was guilty. If China had jets in Cuba, they would probably be doing the same thing, but as it stands, any attempt by China to approach the American border would take so long it would probably be considered an act of war and the US would take it down before it even came close.  TLDR - if China could feasibly approach the continental US, they probably would.  You're taking the discussion from "I disagree, here are my dissenting opinions" to "you've formatted your argument incorrectly and therefor your premise is incorrect", which makes it clear that you don't really have an argument to make.  My point was that, contrary to the poster above, climate science is not anti-scientific or unintellectual. I would like to see an intelligent discussion on climate change between a dissenter and a supporter which didn't involve any ignorant assignment of titles (ie alarmist), gross overprojections or gross oversimplifications.  Neither side is perfect, but you guys could definitely be doing a better job of selling your point instead of circlejerking with your unclever, non-contributory comments and absolute refusal to understand the concepts you're presented with. Ill look around in hopes that this thread isn't a good indicator of the attitude of this sub, but so far, it doesn't seem like a very enlightening place. I know many practicing Muslims and my friends live in areas heavily populated by Muslims. If you happen to live in a less socioeconomically developed area populated by Muslims, what you're experiencing is probably more a consequence of those conditions than the demographic.  There are hateful people of every denomination. Yes, Islam in the Middle East (and Africa apparently) is pretty far behind the rest of the world in some aspects; as another poster pointed out, they're like pre-Enlightenment Catholics.  Before you declare that Islam is intrinsically bad and something to fear, examine the Middle East in the context of Western interference over the last hundred years, for starters. Radicalism, while not justified by any stretch, still doesn't just arise out of nowhere.  I didn't include non-profits because it wasn't an exhaustive list of things that have influence. Lobbyists, politicians, big companies, they have a far greater influence on mainstream thought. The reasons for that are 1) they are typically promoting the idea that things won't change, radical change scares people, thus stagnation is favourable, 2) they aren't aiming at the intellectual crowd, they're aiming at people who are intimidated by science. Many, many people don't understand the science behind climate change. I think even if you disagree with it, you should make an effort to understand it, just like any reasonable person should make an effort to understand a variety of political views before digging in their heels. If you don't fully understand something, saying you disagree with it is rather, well, not fair.  My point is, just because these articles are alarming doesn't mean they're intrinsically bad. I find it humorous that there is an entire subreddit that just sits around and bashes climate science. Many of the posters here don't even understand what they're reading! And then psugrad98 says that climate skeptics are being skeptical and thus being more scientific than scientists. I don't see anyone being scientifically skeptical. Nobody is questioning this science with any sort of intellectual discussion, nobody is debating and challenging with an open mind. The very fact that the sub is called "climate skeptics" exudes bias, which is contrary to scientific skepticism.  Climate change science is asking questions and proposing theories. You're just saying "nope, you're wrong".  Whatever makes you realize this is totally unique to the person. You ain't the love police. If OP had said "this boy is having the best day of their life" it would be incorrect, but the word 'someone' doesn't imply gender, and 'their' is used somewhat interchangeably with 'his/her' in instances where gender is unknown. We know it is a boy from the picture, which probably seems unnecessary, but it isn't incorrect. Example: if you saw someone walk out of a store and leave a phone behind, but you couldn't tell whether they were a male or female, you could say "this is their phone", while referring to them. Had OP said "someone is having the best day of his life", or "this boy is having the best day of his life", either would have been correct. we use and disclose information to prevent people from abusing the platform, but