Why are comment scores hidden? Click to find out.  The current delay is -- 60 -- minutes Use a [Serious] post tag to designate your post as a serious, on-topic-only thread.  [Learn More] 1) You must post a clear and direct question, and only the question, in your title. Any context or clarification should be posted in the text box. Your own answer to the question should go in the comments as a reply to your own post. [More] 4) Posting, or seeking, any identifying personal information will result in a ban without a prior warning. This includes for yourself or other people, and refers to, but is not limited to, phone numbers, email addresses, facebook or other social media accounts. [More] 5) Askreddit is not your soapbox, personal army, or advertising platform. Posts attempting to promote a specific agenda of yours or anyone else, to gain publicity, promote a cause or charity drive, or to publicly shame a person or entity will be removed. Rhetorical and loaded questions will also be removed. [More] 6) This subreddit is not a replacement for legal consultation, medical or mental health consultation. These posts will be removed, as the qualifications of any person giving such advice cannot be verified. Contact the professional in your area for your needs. [More] 7) Soliciting money, goods, services, or favors are not allowed. They will be removed. [More] 8) Posts or comments with offensive pictures or language are subject to removal at the discretion of the moderators. We are not here to police behavior, but content solely intended to inflame or offend will not be allowed. [More] 10) If you think your post has disappeared, see spam or an inappropriate post, please do not hesitate to contact the mods, we're happy to help. [More] Interested in the amount of traffic /r/AskReddit receives daily/monthly? Check out our traffic stats here! Went to this sport shop to buy goggles. In Texas. At one end of the store the biggest collections of rifles, guns, machetes and army gadget I've ever seen. So I decide to snap a picture to send home and the shop assistant comes and say "Sir, I'm so sorry" "Oh, I can't take a picture?" "No, go ahead, I'm sorry we don't have ammos anymore". (It was a couple of weeks after the school shooting - Sandy Hook). When I then told this to my Texan friends I realised all of them (even at the wedding I was invited to) had at least one gun, if not several. When they told me it was for self-defense and I told them we don't have that many guns in Europe they asked me what would I do to defend myself and they laughed their ass of when I replied "well, I run!" EDIT: gosh, so many replies, I didn't see that coming! I wanted to add that Texas was lovely and the people fantastic. It was such a contrast to notice how someone with a gun always sticking out of the jacket could be so lovely and charming. The average Texan was like a mix between Rambo and Santa Claus, lovely but deadly at the same time, which was a surprise as someone armed in here would be a thug. But as someone mentioned people in the US are much more friendly than the stereotype and it's always lovely to go back.  Also I remember chatting with this girl in Dallas. She is in line in front of me in a coffee shop and asks me where I am from since I was talking to a friend and she picked up the weird accent. She sits with us and I ask her "does a young good looking girl like you own a gun too" and she replies "I have 4 shotguns!" (I anyway proceeded to invite her out, a good looking it Italian shirt can be a true killer) One deer'll give you hundreds of dollars worth of meat.  Great way of saving money. EDIT: after reading the comments I'm surprised, I though you could have a couple of guns and say 100 rounds, just in case the whole mafia would visit your house. Thousands... They told me each bullet was a dollar and that it was very difficult to go in those particular days. Thanks Obama! But we went to the rodeo and to see NBA, so I will do some trigger happy shooting like It's always sunny in Philadelphia next time.  Edit: As many replies have said, every firearm is always loaded, especially when it isn't. a few years ago, I was in a gun store looking around, and this guy comes in.  big guy, loud, lives in the suburbs and works an office job, but owns a giant truck, and an ATV, and guns just to say he does.  I'm sure you know the type. so this guy, he walks up to the counter with a bolt action rifle, and hands it to the guy behind the counter.  the man behind the counter, being a responsible gun owner, opens the bolt to make sure the gun is unloaded... and a round pops out. given that the asshole had no idea it was loaded, it is safe to assume that the thing was cocked too, since he probably just closed the bolt when he was done, figuring it was empty. It's illegal to text and drive. Hell it's illegal to speed. The law doesn't actually stop you from doing either. It's more of a guideline. ... But some 10 rounders are legal as long as you don't load them with more than 7 rounds  If you've been a part of any drug culture, you understand how difficult it can be to acquire things on the black market at times. And you see people without connections unable to find anything. And that's with a product being produced by hundreds or thousands of suppliers all over the region. How many factories in the region do illegal runs on banned goods? To think that illegality has no effect on the ability to acquire seems ridiculous to me.  The corner store will always be better stocked and more accessible by more people than a cautious black market vendor.  After all, if common sense were common, we wouldn't be in the mess we are in right now (including the gov't shutdown) My idea was to simply have a basics of firearm fundamentals class in high schools. Even if you don't plan on owning a gun, at some point in your life you may come across one and it's better to know what to do than to seal yourself in some sort of gun-abstinent bubble thinking if you avoid them enough they won't hurt you. Considering I had prior gun experience, mostly because I was friends with the club founders (they were, obviously, sports shooting enthusiasts), it was boring for me, but a good amount of people actually learned something, which made me happy. While some states do have licenses.... gun ownership is an individual right, like voting or free speech (no matter how stupid you are, you still get to talk). You can't really setup systems where only some people get to exercise their right while others cannot. Imagine the outrage if we tried to institute a IQ test for voting or a medical knowledge test on abortions before you can opt for the operation. And if you do something stupid after you pass it--like carry a loaded weapon into a shop and point it at someone--then you get your license suspended and they take your gun. If you are convicted of a violent crime or serious misdemeanors, you can not legally own a gun.  So the US is already doing part of what you are saying.  Allowing Democrats, especially those of urban districts to have their hands in a gun registry would be like having the Amish in charge of the DMV. Don't generalize so much, there are plenty of Dems who are fine with guns, and even some Republicans that don't much care for them. I may think guns are ridiculous and nobody should have them, and you pretty obviously feel differently. That's cool. That's why I haven't moved to a different country yet. We can manage to get along pretty decently even though we feel very differently about a lot of things. Once when sighting my handgun, my father fired about eight rounds from the ten round clip before he decided to check his target. I start walking with him, then hear a loud BANG! I turn around to see that he had been fiddling with something on the pistol with the safety off without bothering to unload the gun. Had I been one pace farther to the left, I would have been shot. It doesn't matter if the clip is out and the chamber is empty, the gun is always loaded and needs to be handled as such. Doesn't exist.  When you expect it, you're just as much a part of the problem as the idiot who doesn't know better. For most who have never handled a gun, I think its a combination of novelty and "wow I've only seen this on TV."  I grew up shooting guns and was raised on never pointing even toy guns at each other for the first few years just to solidify the idea into our heads.  I'm now a junior leader at our shooting program in 4-H, and it blows my mind all these kids and adults that have no idea about how dangerous even the pellet guns can be.  I was in a sporting goods store the other day to get a sight for my competition pistol, and this 40 year old man was screwing around with a 30.06 and pointing at other customers heads to "test the sights." Nationals is intense, the team from Mississippi would basically be handed off to their coaches and they wouldn't talk to anyone until after competitions were done.  I don't care that you are being supervised by an employee, and that we're all "sure it's unloaded", rather than causing a scene I figured it best to just walk over to look at some hunting apparel for a little bit before going back to check out some new optics. we take gun safety here very seriously. going to a shooting range or a target competitition and not following every little rule will get you kicked out and banned in a heartbeat without any hesitation from the owners  Thanks for emphasizing this and explaining. You do great things for responsible gun owners.  I took a british guy out shooting once while he was here.  He had a blast.  At the end he was kind of shocked at how safe it all seemed.  He made a comment to the effect of "It would actually be really, really difficult to shoot another person in there, the way they have it set up, wouldn't it?" We have Brits visit a couple of times a year.  Almost without fail, when asked what they want to do at the weekend, they say, "GO SHOOTING!".  And so we do. Of course, I also love taking a semi auto and just shooting bottles and cans with no real goal in mind. I think I paid $250 at the time (for just the gun), or something like that.  Ammo is quite expensive.  At some point I will have the brass reloaded. So when sometimes things like Windows Vista, Sarah Palin, Miley Cyrus, WBC and your huge amount of guns become known to the other side of the ocean I will not judge you badly or think you are morons. I still think that if you had no guns and only bananas to throw at each other it would be less violent, but we have an amount of shit hidden behind our facade that is huge, I'm Italian, we have mafia, berlusconi, corruption, am I going to generalize on you because of something that is deep in your culture and point of view?  I have lived in several countries. There is no perfect country. Each has got wonderful things and horrible things. But each time I come by I find lovely people in the US. It's your home, you want to buy grenades and shotguns? If that makes you who you are and as a consequence give me the same amount of pleasure I had because of you in my whole life, so be it. I may not fully understand it as you may not understand why Italian people shout angrily at each other over the position of the soap around the sink only to forget a minute later, with strained muscles in the arms for gesturing, but it's your thing, your way, I will not be sitting my ass on a chair in front of a keyboard 5000 miles away and put it all in the trash because I've lived my whole life in a different reality. Was this the "Obama's going to take our ammo away, better buy up as much as we can before he does... see, Obama took all our ammo, that's why we can't find anything on the shelves!" reaction? European here and there are taxes for hunting. One basic tax just for the license and tax "per kill". They are pretty high, shooting a deer could cost you an arm and a leg. It is by no means way to save money here. Additionally many animals have seasons and quotas. I.e. you can only hunt deer during certain parts of the year. If you hunt bear you are only allowed to kill a certain number per hunter per season. (As an aside I don't believe there is a quota for deer because they're so damn many of them and a large part of the deer hunt is supposed to be a cull of the population). It's certainly not hard to just "Go out there and hunt deer" but you do have to do a small amount of paperwork and pay a modest fee before you do it. Every state varies. When I lived in New York, you could go and get a bear, just one, I believe, but there were no restrictions. Wisconsin, you have to be on a waiting list to get a license for bear, and that wait can be as long as 5 years. That's just for the license- no guarantee you'll even get one. Feral pigs and small game don't require anything but friends with land. If you talk to those who actually have a hunting license most go only once or twice a season and almost never actually actually get a kill, its more about hanging out in the woods with your buddies and engaging in a sport with them. Hunting is the best of board-games, strategy, combined with the work out from sports. There is a curiosity with US gun laws in that the least crime ridden states have the least restrictive gun laws. Vermont doesn't even require a permit for concealed carry. There is a curiosity with US gun laws in that the least crime ridden states have the least restrictive gun laws. Vermont doesn't even require a permit for concealed carry. Perhaps that's because states with higher violent crime historically had to deal with that crime by introducing those laws. The quality of the studies that actually look at how effective gun control is in controlling crime (gun or other) is so poor that the meta-studies can't draw a statistically significant conclusion from them. What we do know is if you manage poverty effectively the problem goes away so perhaps the rage on both the pro and anti gun positions could be better directed as more effectively managing poverty. It's not unique to the US: I experience the same thing when visiting the Houses of Parliament in London and saw members of the military walking around in the public areas with large guns. The security to get into those buildings was even more strict than when getting on a flight - absolutely everyone gets a pat-down in addition to the metal detector. I guess as a Canadian I'm a bit sheltered. Seeing someone walking around in busy public places with a very large gun doesn't make me feel safe, it makes me want to hit the deck and crawl the fuck away from the guy with the weapon. Also what and where do you hunt in Texas? San Angelo was basically desert so I'm curious.  What bars do you like in the area?  Just moved here from LA cos my wife's family lives here... We like the bar inside the Zucchi's restaurant (not the sports bar), The Blue Door or the Country Club... It seems like all the guys here wanna fight at the other bars in town and most of the bars here are shit - cheaper than LA tho This isn't a judgment on whether having guns is good or not. I don't think there's anything wrong with it. I just always think it's funny when some guy in a cowboy hat, boots, and a with a holster acts real tough and says the gun is for 'defense'. Maybe you would use it for that... but since the danger posed to you isn't exactly constant or anything, it's really more because you like having it. You like your gun. Don't call it what it isn't. You just sound silly and puffed up when you do that. As a fellow Texan who's family really DOES use guns to eat (we grew up country poor), it's just a tool. Imagine me walking around with a shovel attached to my hip in case of the off chance that I might need to dig for something. Lol. I've got a couple of hunting rifles too, but hunting is more of a 1-2 times per year deal. Why do you feel a need to carry a handgun around with you? Are things that unsafe there? Granted, I'm also from one of maybe three states that have both very high gun-ownership rates and very low gun crime rates, which is where you usually find the people who just shoot for fun and for hunting. Almost no self defense is needed. To be fair, it's because the other side doesn't generally accept 'it's fun as hell' as a valid reason to own a gun (While simultaneously saying it's a valid reason to drink alcohol). When we talk about protection, we aren't just talking about burglaries and muggings, but four-legged varmints as well.  Because of this, we are used to owning and using guns. We do not see it as a "weapon" but more of a "tool" to survive our environment. I do have access to several if I need them, but literally the only thing I can think of to use one for is when I hike with my dogs to scare off coyotes or some such.  My mother was in the military and taught me about guns, and I can shoot like Annie Oakley(I'm afraid you'll have to google that), but I just don't see the need like so many of my fellow Texans. If someone breaks into my house(so unlikely)I have two scary sounding dogs, a baseball bat, and plenty of windows to hop out of.  we use and disclose information to prevent people from abusing the platform, but