In spite of what the article suggests, Texas just passed a law that went into effect a month ago that restricts surveillance done with drones, both for private individuals and law enforcement  The police do have some pretty broad exemptions given in the law, but it does restrict them somewhat, in ways that they weren't restricted before the law went into effect. The original version of the bill went way too far and basically banned any sort of aerial photography done with a kite or R/C plane, but the version that got passed was more reasonable (but still isn't perfect.) And really, it's silly to ban certain activities done with an unmanned aircraft when it's totally legal to do the exact same activities with a manned aircraft (or with a camera on the end of a long stick.) Also note that Texas's law covers far more than drones.  The word "drone" means autonomous aircraft, a plane that can fly itself without a human pilot.  Standard R/C planes are not drones, and really, neither are the Predator "drones" that the military uses (though they probably do have some autonomous flight modes, so they probably qualify some of the time.)  Texas' law also covers things like R/C planes and kites -- anything that flies, doesn't have a person onboard but does have a camera on it. And yes, that's all sorts of screwed up, but certainly, laws that ban certain types of whistleblowing are not a new thing. The law does limit law enforcement a bit -- for example, it would prevent using an unmanned aircraft to catch speeders -- but mostly it limits private citizens and that was no accident. The truth of the matter is that there are broad exemptions for most uses, and an affirmative defense of yourself is deleting any pictures that you took. You can feel free to fly drones or R/C aircraft.  A much broader issue that the Mother Jones article completely glosses over is the FAA's restrictions on UAV flights. It's pretty much illegal to fly a UAV in any airspace in the US that could possibly be considered 'controlled' (so, anywhere within twenty miles of a commercial airport, usually) unless you've certified your aircraft with the FAA as an experimental vehicle, and there currently isn't a way to do it for private companies and citizens.  If you were to make a bonafide drone (i.e. autonomously controlled) and told it to fly to the other side of town and back but it had no camera onboard -- it would not violate Texas' new "drone" law.  (Now, it might violate other laws or FAA regulations, but not the new "drone" law.) Texas's law would cover a kite with a camera, for example.  Or a balloon.  Or a camera thrown into the air. And note that you're only talking about the Texas law, as was I but I was explicit about it.  The FAA has regulations and laws on drones that cover them whether they have cameras or not. Additionally, a drone serves no beneficial purpose without a camera, as far as law enforcement and military use goes. That's not true.  Just because most of their uses involve cameras that doesn't mean they all do. A cruise missile is a bonafide drone, and it doesn't need a camera.  (Now, you could say that's not beneficial, but the military probably disagrees.) Same goes for the not real, but possible Taco-copter.  The military might use that idea to deliver supplies at some point, even if they aren't doing so yet. As for police use, I could see the police flying a multicopter, autonomous or not, over people to make them think they're under surveillance when in fact the aircraft has no cameras onboard at all. But don't worry about it too much -- law enforcement has wide exemptions written for them in the law, and in general they'll do whatever they want anyways, legal or not.   And our military actions generally aren't subject to Texas law anyways. As for what public attention covers, they're thinking of surveillance, but they're also thinking of armed military combat aircraft like the Predator (which isn't even really a drone much of the time.)  The public mixes up the two quite often. As for what a Predator is, the word "drone" just means "an aircraft that flies without a human pilot".  Predators have pilots (just sitting on the ground) most of the time, so the pilots prefer to call them UAVs or RPAs.  Really, they aren't meant to fly autonomously at all, but they can if control is lost. And as for what they're used for, yes, they're more commonly used for reconnaissance than strikes (after all, you first need to find what you want to blow up.)  But when the public gets upset about the use of Predators and similar aircraft, they aren't worried that we're violating the Pakistani's privacy -- they're worried that we're killing people, especially civilians.  I could have been more clear about that. That's exactly what it is.  I already provided this citation but I guess you didn't read it.  I'll quote the relevant part -- Now, people do misuse the term quite often, but that's the official definition (beyond the ones not related to aviation, of course.) Drone laws would make no sense if it simply referred to autonomous aircraft, seeing as very few exist besides satellites. You're in luck then.  Texas's "drone" law doesn't even include the word "drone" in it.  It says "unmanned aircraft" instead. That doesn't stop people from referring to it as a "drone" law, when it's really an "aerial photography from unmanned aircraft" law, which is what I've been saying all along. we use and disclose information to prevent people from abusing the platform, but