No politics. Political videos (including ones related to current political figures) should be submitted to r/politics, r/worldpolitics, etc. No personal information such as names, Facebook pages, phone numbers, addresses, etc. This is grounds for an immediate (and likely permanent) ban, so consider this a warning. No witch-hunting or incitement to witch hunt. This means no demanding "Reddit justice" in any way in post titles or comments. No police brutality/violence videos. Consider posting to a different subreddit, like /r/Bad_Cop_No_Donut or elsewhere. If your submission does not appear in the new queue, please contact us (be sure to include a link to the Reddit post (i.e. comments section), not the content you are linking). Simply deleting your post may cause the spam filter to catch future ones. Also, please contact us regarding spam, political or any other inappropriate videos, as this helps us remove them more quickly! Missed the best of Reddit yesterday? Catch the daily recap and best links at /r/tldr People walking out of a restaurant more than 2 miles away said they were blown back and knocked down by the force of the blast. What does this mean for the people in the video? Would they have been legitimately injured by the blast? Or was it just temporary hearing loss? edit: update - thankfully it appears no perforated drums for either as an individual mentioned the child was on the today show I can't imagine being near a blast like this and potentially having both ears impacted by it.  I'm dizzy just thinking about it. The first time was during diving training when my BCV had a bad fill valve that stuck open and I shot from two atmospheres of pressure to less than one (was well above sea-level) very rapidly. Immediate rupture of the right eardrum. My hearing was always a little off and the ear didn't clear well after that. Sometimes stuff sounded like the adults in Peanuts. Wah wah wah wah wahhh. The second time was fairly recently when I got a really nasty ear infection, the antibiotics didn't help, and the eardrum wound up rupturing due to fluid buildup. It was so incredibly loud and sudden. It startled the shit out of me. I saw a doctor a couple hours later when their office opened, they saw that it was ruptured, they took a culture and sent me on my way with cephalexin. I had to go to Maryland (3000 miles away) a few days later and they wound up calling my home phone (against my specific instructions to call my cell) and leaving a message that I actually had a very bad staph infection and that they were prescribing Cipro immediately. I didn't get that message for over a week. Thankfully it cleared up. I don't like the idea of stuff in my body going septic. Oddly enough, after the second rupture healed (took about 6 weeks), my hearing is better than it was before the first one with tests to confirm, and it clears much easier. I don't pray, but my thoughts are with everyone who's lives were torn apart tonight.  I hate talking to people because I constantly keep asking "what"? Or the equivalent and it annoys the shit out of people. Most think I'm ignoring them when I don't respond. I constantly have to sniff to regulate the pressure in my ears so it doesn't hurt all the time. People must think I'm a huge coke addict, but it is a habit that I don't even realize I do it anymore. Others contribute it to allergies and don't say anything.  Totally tone deaf too. Karaoke night sucks so I just blame it on the a a a a alcohol. When sound enters your ear, it acts on your ear drum and causes it to vibrate.  Your ear drum is connected to a chain of three bones in you middle ear.  When your ear drum moves, it moves the bones as well, which act on the cochlea, which is the organ that translates pressure waves into electrical signals to be sent to your brain. Some of the bones have muscles attached to them, and when the muscles are engaged it prevents the bones from moving freely.  When this happens, less energy is transferred from the motion of the ear drum to the cochlea, which protects the delicate hair cells in the cochlea.  These muscles are engaged when we hear a very loud sound, especially if it's a loud sound over a period of time.  This is why if you've ever been to a loud concert, after you return home it's hard to hear for a while.  Those muscles are engaged to protect your hearing. However, your brain needs time to react to the level of sound around you and determine if it should engage the muscles or not.  When a very loud, very short sound occurs like what happened in the explosion, your brain does not have enough time to engage the muscles.  By the time it detects the wave the damage has already been done.   The little girl is more susceptible than her father to damage.  My guess would be if they do not have permanent hearing loss they will at least have tinnitus (ringing in the ears).  They'd have probably been fine either way, however, as it looks like they were a decent ways off (relatively) The primary danger in explosions is shrapnel, followed by the pressure wave. The people two miles away might well have been knocked down, but a big boom followed by a small pressure wave is probably quite shocking and if you weren't expecting it even a small push can knock you down. The problem is that you can be far enough away that the blast alone isn't enough to kill but you could be thrown into something or be hit by breaking glass or shrapnel and die from those injuries. we use and disclose information to prevent people from abusing the platform, but