Thomas Frank: Obama is right about Fox News // Current   login |register|feedback|select your countryUnited StatesUK & IrelandItaliashowsThis American LifeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItSWAT: Miami DadeBar KarmainfoManiaVanguardLong Way Roundfeatured videosSWAT: Miami DadeSmoking Out a Suspect: SWAT: Miami-DadeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItWatch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!Find Current on your TVLook up Current TV's channel number in your area:CHANNEL FINDERstudios newsNews Comedy Green Movies Music Tech Art and Style most popular storiesRemember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For Speaking Out Against Violent Tea Party Rhetoric? | Crooks and Liars 213Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo 37Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than Bush Created in Eight 73Corporations or politicians hurting America? 13The system suited everybody until the crisis hit  Ron Paul 8more video schedule moreVCAM - Make an Ad You could earn thousands of dollars if it gets picked by our sponsors.BFD - Big Featured Discussion Read and discuss the most important and controversial topics of the day.Join a GroupJoin a group on the topic you're most passionate about or create your own.Post a link, video or original story that you think everyone should see.POST A STORY Try our browser button for speedy submissions.The following tag(s) couldn't be added to this itemWelcome to Current TVWe're a TV network available on DirecTV, Comcast, Time Warner Cable, Dish Network, and more. Find us on your TV.While you are here you can watch videos from our TV shows, check our TV schedule, and participate in discussions with members of our community.Thanks for visiting, and let us know what you think!News | October 28, 2009| 14 commentsThomas Frank: Obama is right about Fox NewsAn error occurred while setting up video display.RFIDemocracy added thisJournalism has a special, hallowed place for stories of its practitioners' persecution. There is no higher claim to journalistic integrity than going to jail to protect a source. And the Newseum in Washington, D.C., establishes the profession's legitimacy with a memorial to fallen scribes, thus drawing an implicit connection between the murdered abolitionist editors of long ago and the struggling outfit that gave you this morning's page-one story about cute pets in Halloween costumes.But no journalistic operation is better prepared to sing the tragedy of its own martyrdom than Fox News. To all the usual journalistic instincts it adds its grand narrative of Middle America's disrespectful treatment by the liberal elite. Persecution fantasy is Fox News's lifeblood; give it the faintest whiff of the real thing and look out for a gale-force hissy fit.As the Obama administration has discovered by now. A few weeks ago, after Fox had scored a number of points against administration figures and policies, administration spokesmen decided it was time to start fighting back. Communications Director Anita Dunn called the network "a wing of the Republican Party," while Obama himself reportedly dismissed it for following "a talk radio format."The network's moaners swung instantly into self-pitying action likening the administration's combative attitude to Richard Nixon's famous "enemies list."More...http://online.wsj.com/article_email/SB20001424052748703574604574499671746743510-... groups:News, Fox News, Faux News tags:|14 comments// Thomas Frank: Obama is right about Fox Newshide all repliesdisplay:newest | oldest | popularupload filewebcamembed codeimage urlPaste the url of an image:processPaste an embed code:processUpload a video or image file:1GB file size limit: Supported Formats Online Display Ad:300x250 pixelsFlash Video Overlay Ad:300x50 pixelsUpload an image to represent your video:We will automatically pick out an image to represent video files.If you want to choose your own image, upload it here.Return to the Standard UploaderUpload an image to represent your video:A thumbnail image is required.Record a webcam:[x]we might already have a story about this: Choose media for your post:checking post...+ addblog/text/link/video/image/webcamadvanced upload+ addembed code/image urlchecking post...|cancelI want to upload this to Current.com, and I own the rights to this file.Help us classify your file. What kind of upload is it? Pod (short non-fiction video, usually 1-7 minutes long, that tells a story or profiles a character) Other Awesome Stuff (anything else)|cancel0clownpuncherHey you all take care. I am done with this site.  This new layout SUCKS 1 year agoflag  reply0ii386  clownpuncher:I could only HOPE that you'd be leaving this site. Unfortunately this was a long time ago and you're still here spewing your nonsensical bullshit only to have Ihatethemall, ares, southcoast, and samthesixth be your only disciples. 1 year agoflag  reply0JohnAIt did have a special hallowed place, until they bent over backwards to get The Messiah elected. 1 year agoflag  reply0RFIDemocracy  JohnA:What's with the messiah complex?How about the witchcraft cult surrounding Sarah Palin? We come against that python spirit. We come against that spirit ofwitchcraft as the body of Christ. Right now in the name of Jesus!Ooooh-raba-saka-ta-la. Come on, pray, pray! Raba-sandalalala-bebebebekalabebe. Shanda-la-bebebeka-lelebebe. . . . Thats whywe come against all forms of witchcraft. All the python spirits thatare released against the body of Christ . . . and bring this nation intothe Kingdom.While the mainstream press generally overlooked details such as Palins apparent belief in witchcraft, the [Conservative Christian] movements adulation intensied. For them she had received the anointing, as former Christian Broadcasting Network director Jim Bramlett said. I believe Sarah Palin could not have gotten to where she is without Gods backing, a 20-something male picketer outside an Anchorage abortion clinic remarked to me. And for whatever reason, God appoints leaders.I do believe shes anointed for this position, said another protester, a middle-aged woman. The woman added that because Alaska is shaped like a crown, I really do believe that Alaskas called to a key position to cry out for our nation and to lead our nation.Max Blumenthal-Sarah's Church...not to mention her mentally-ill secessionist buddies. 1 year agoflag  reply0RFIDemocracy(cont.)They should remember that it wasn't just the keeping of a list that made Nixon's hostility to the media remarkable. Nearly every presidentand probably just about every politicianhas criticized the press at some point or other. What made the Nixon administration stand out is that it also sued the New York Times to keep that paper from publishing the Pentagon Papers. It schemed to ruin the Washington Post financially by challenging the broadcast licenses for the TV stations it owned. It bugged the office of Joseph Kraft, a prominent newspaper columnist. One of its most notorious henchmen was G. Gordon Liddy, who tells us in his autobiography that under certain conditions he was "willing to obey an order to kill [columnist] Jack Anderson."It is interesting to note that Mr. Liddy, that friend of the First Amendment, appeared frequently in 2006 on none other than the Fox News network. In fact, the network sometimes seems like a grand electronic homage to the Nixonian spirit: Its constant attacks on the "elite media," for example, might well have been inspired by the famous pronouncements on TV news's liberal bias made by Mr. Nixon's vice president, Spiro Agnew.And, of course, the network's chairman, Roger Ailes, was an adviser to Mr. Nixon in the 1968 presidential campaign; his signature innovation back then was TV commercials in which Mr. Nixon answered questions from hand-picked citizens in a town-hall style setting.Although they cry persecution today, the network and its leading lights have not really distinguished themselves on the issues surrounding clashes between the government and the press. When Mr. Ailes was on the other side of the politician/press divide, making ads for the presidential campaign of George H. W. Bush, the Washington Post once found out in advance where one of the commercials was going to be filmed. According to an article that appeared in that paper in 1988, Mr. Ailes was moved to comment thusly on the situation: " 'These leakers!' he told an inquiring reporter the night before the planned event. 'I think they should all be executed and tortured.'"Mr. Ailes was joking on that occasion. But faced with one of the biggest First Amendment cases of our own timethe New York Times's 2005 story on the George W. Bush administration's domestic wiretapping programhow did Fox News react? By impugning the motives of the Times, of course, with different Fox personalities speculating that the Times deliberately published the story when it did in order to dissuade the U. S. Senate from reauthorizing the Patriot Act.To point out that this network is different, that it is intensely politicized, that it inhabits an alternate reality defined by an imaginary conflict between noble heartland patriots and devious liberalsto be aware of these things is not the act of a scheming dictatorial personality. It is the obvious conclusion drawn by anybody with eyes and ears.Still, one wishes that the Obama administration had taken on Fox News with a little more skill. As cultural criticism goes, this was clumsy, plodding stuff. What the situation required was sarcasm, irony, a little humor. Simply feeding Fox a slice of raw denunciation was like dumping gasoline into a fire. It did nothing but furnish the network with a real-world validation of its long-running conspiracy theoriesand a nice bump in its ratings. 1 year agoflag  reply0J_Jammer [removed]http://firstfriday.files.wordpress.com/2008/05/media-bias.jpgI don't agree that it sucks....CHANGE, well that takes time to get use to--does it not?And it's a band wagon....what stupid whore is going to jump on it next to state that Fox is so terrible?  They never have anything new to add.  Same old stupid thinking as before. 1 year agoflag  reply0RFIDemocracy  J_Jammer:I 'changed' my mind. it's OK, a couple of improvements would be welcome but it's fine. 1 year agoflag  reply0J_Jammer [removed]  J_Jammer:True. You should go to where they are asking for suggestions and share your views. 1 year agoflag  reply0clownpuncherlol, Here we go with another paid MSNBC poster boy 1 year agoflag  replyAtalanda_Cameron [removed]This comment was removed as a violation of community guidelines.0RFIDemocracy  Atalanda_Cameron:Mine Firefox browser was acting oddly in comments earlier but it seems to have settled since. 1 year agoflag  reply0ksutherland27Yes...we need more space.... i have to leave out parts of a story....FOX NOISE 1 year agoflag  reply0Kay_BeeFox News gives me a headacheand yeah the new story format is a little weird 1 year agoflag  reply0RFIDemocracyPS: The new story posting format sucks big time. Agreed? 1 year agoflag  replymore fromNews:The #1 Work From Home Business Of 2011 . . . Online USA News: "Bob's Burgers" serves up bad first course Fernanda Vasconcellos with her shoes Online USA News: Packers find the way to stop Michael Vick most populartop rankednew & rising1Remember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For Speaking Out Agains... 2Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo 3Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than Bush Created in Eight 4Corporations or politicians hurting America? 5The system suited everybody until the crisis hit  Ron Paul 6Congress to Reduce Free Speech? -- In Response to shooting 7LIFE'S GOOD, SHUT UP ! 8A Real Hero.... Daniel Hernandez, intern,  stays by Gabriel... 9Westboro Baptist Church / says Shooter Jared Lee Laughner, ... 10AZ Democratic Congresswoman Shot At Event | Crooks and Liars more SNL: Mayor Bloomberg Explains What To Do During A Snowstorm Man beat girlfriend because of bad oral sex! Anonymous OperationTunisia Fine Gael website defaced by Anonymous? Victoria Beckham Pregnant: Baby Bump PHOTOS HUMAN BEINGS  movie in development Sarah Palins Alaska not returning for season 2 Tron-ify Everything !!!! Nintendo's Amazing Live Performance Of Their Best Video Gam... Too much fluoride in water! see all new stories videos on current tvSmoking Out a Suspect: SWAT: Miami-DadeMachete reviewed by the Rotten Tomatoes ShowIt's Better on TV: "This American Life" Premieres Monday, January 10th!from our tv showsSWAT: Miami DadeSmoking Out a Suspect: SWAT: Miami-DadeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItWatch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!This American LifeIt's Better on TV: "This American Life" Premieres Monday, January 10th!The Rotten Tomatoes ShowMachete reviewed by the Rotten Tomatoes Showfind current on tvEnjoy Current TV from the comfort of your couch on these channels:Channel 358DIRECTVChannel 196DISH NetworkChannel 107 or 125ComcastChannel 103 or 142Time Warner CableChannel 189AT&T U-VerseChannel 192Verizon FIOSmorefind current onlinerecent commentstoyotabedzrock commented on FOX News cuts away from 'Giffords...  3 minutes agoWow they must be watching that live feed really close lol. unimatrix0 commented on LIFE'S GOOD, SHUT UP !  5 minutes agoA most welcome, most sublime post.Well played WhiteNoise Itsbatman_Durr commented on Remember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For...  15 minutes agotonights programming on current:swatscarfacebiggie and tupacmaybe we should censor current for promoting violence with its programming?and yes that was sarcasm Dagum commented on Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than...  32 minutes agoThe private sector created jobs. Not Mr. Obama. More likely the private sector created jobs in spite of compliance expenses imposed on businesses by  Obama  policies. ThatCrazyLibertarian commented on Congress to Reduce Free Speech? -- In...  58 minutes agoThis is where the power hungry will rear their ugly heads.Remember the PATRIOT Act?Remember the Military Commissions Act?Remember FISA?Remember the Gulf of Tonkin Resolution?Remember...  2011 Current TV, LLCAll Rights Reservedprivacy policyterms of usecreation studios terms of use the basicsaboutcommunity guidelinesfaqadvertising jobsfollow us onlineFacebookTwitterYouTubeiTunesHulutoolsfirefox toolbarbrowser buttonrss feedssitemap morestay in touchfeedbackcontact infoblog