News: Annual Petsapalooza fundraiser draws stylish canines | yuma, event, visitors : Yuma Sun - WAP[mobile edition]Annual Petsapalooza fundraiser draws stylish canines January 8, 2011 - 9:32 PM BY CHRIS McDANIEL - SUN STAFF WRITER Photo by Craig Fry/Yuma SunKiba, a Pembrook Welsh corgi, mugs up to the camera while waiting his turn to cross the stage at the 9th annual Petsapalooza Festival pet fashion show Saturday Morning on Main Steet. Hundreds of pooches paraded Main Street Saturday during the second day of the annual Petsapalooza Festival sponsored by the Yuma Visitors Bureau. The event will continue Sunday from 10 a.m. to 3 p.m., and it is free and open to the public.The event is a fundraiser for both the Humane Society of Yuma (HSOY) and Planned Pethood.Teri Ingram, vendor coordinator for the Yuma Visitors Bureau, watched as dogs of all sizes met and played with other local animals.Aint it cool? she said. There are dog bowls up and down the street, water stations and dog biscuits. There are volunteers from the community who are out refilling the water bowls and the dog biscuits. We also have Boy Scouts out pooper scooping. We are cleaning up as we go.Many of the pet owners were also responsible for their pet waste.A lot of the pet owners have the little pooper scoopers, too, and Ive seen lots of people cleaning up after their dogs. That is nice to see, Ingram said.The three-day event is expected to draw between 15,000 and 17,000 visitors, Ingram said.Not only were there activities for animals, but humans were treated to fresh foods and lemonade, live music, and arts and crafts vendors who had booths set up along Main Street.At the south end of the street, HSOY set up a clinic to vaccinate dogs and is also performing microchipping so owners can track down their pets if they go missing.On the north end, Planned Pethood set up a stage where local dogs of all sizes couldcompete in a fashion contest and a talent show. They were also selling homemade doggy treats and cat treats.Planned Pethood is dedicated to helping those without a lot of money afford to spay or neuter their pets, said Jean Baber, vice-president of Planned Pethood.Planned Pethood is a nonprofit organization that has been in Yuma for at least 10 years. Last year we spayed and neutered almost 550 dogs and cats for the people of Yuma, including feral cats, which (are a) huge problem. We have a special program where we work with the Humane Society of Yuma to trap and release feral cats.The cost of spaying or neutering an animal at a veterinarians clinic is over $150, while Planned Pethood charges $55 to $100, said Rene Ragsdale-Leeds, Planned Pethood president.We are helping the people who cant afford it. We really try to help people so they dont have to give up their pets because they have puppies or kittens and cant feed more mouths.Ragsdale-Leeds enjoyed watching the pets have fun during the event.It is nice to see animals and people intermingling together, she said. Weve had big dogs and little dogs, and it has been cute to watch them. It was nice to see the people out enjoying the other pets ...... And the pets enjoying one another, Baber added.Planned Pethood is currently seeking more volunteers to help out, especially people who can dedicate themselves to writing grants for the nonprofit.For more information, log on to plannedpethoodyuma.org or call 344-1518.For more information about the Petsapalooza Festival, log onto visityuma.com or call 783-0071.Chris McDaniel can be reached at cmcdaniel@yumasun.com or 539-6849.View this page in desktop browser mode. Click here for more stories [mobileedition]     Copyright  2011 Freedom Communications, Inc.