One person was killed in a storm-related car accident, and a dog that was swept up by floodwaters was found dead a day laterCommunities on Long Island are drying out Thursday after a record-breaking storm drenched the region with torrential downfall, turning expressways and neighborhood streets into rivers that swallowed up cars and contributed to at least one death. Checkey Beckford reportsCommunities on Long Island are drying out Thursday after a record-breaking storm drenched the region with torrential downfall, turning expressways and neighborhood streets into rivers that swallowed up cars and contributed to at least one death.Chopper 4 tours some of the hardest-hit parts of Long Island after a historic storm dumped 13 inches of rain on Islip in 24 hours.Crews worked around the clock across Long Island to pump flood waters off expressways and neighborhood streets while families cleared out garages and ran sump pumps to pull water out of waterlogged crawl spaces and basements. The cleanup comes after a record-breaking deluge dumped more than a foot of rain in some places and led Suffolk County Executive Steve Bellone to declare a state of emergency.Parts of the Jersey shore south of Atlantic City were also hard-hit by the storm, with record rains that caused flash flooding and forcing evacuations in Millville.New York City and the suburbs to the north and west were spared from the brunt of the deluge, with the heaviest rain coming at John F. Kennedy Airport, where 3.26 inches fell.Meanwhile, most major roads on Long Island have reopened after many were inundated with water Wednesday, causing flash floods that surprised drivers and stranded cars in several feet of water for hours.One stretch of the Southern State Highway flooded so quickly Wednesday that it stranded more than 50 drivers, with firefighters having to come to the rescue. And in Bay Shore, crews worked throughout the afternoon Wednesday to clean out a massive sinkhole that opened up in part due to the torrential rains.The storm contributed to one traffic fatality, when a motorist swerved on the Long Island Expressway and hit a tractor-trailer and guardrail near Melville. The car burst into flames and the driver was pronounced dead at the scene. The tractor-trailer driver had minor injuries. No other injuries were reported.A sinkhole opened up inside the Bay Shore Shopping Center parking lot on Long Island Tuesday, after heavy rains flooded the area. Stores in the area were evacuated, and officials are investigating the 10-by-12-feet sinkhole. Residents are working to bounce back, running sump pumps to drain basements and cleaning out waterlogged storage areas. Islip resident Frank Greco said Wednesday he was gearing up for a long slog, running his pump to clear out his crawl space."I've been pumping all day. I got four feet of water in my crawl space and I'm still pumping," Greco said. "The sewers were so filled you couldn't keep up with the water coming in. It's coming up as fast as you can. It's all groundwater coming up."NBC 4 New York obtained video of someone driving in West Babylon as floodwaters rose.