No politics. Political videos (including ones related to current political figures) should be submitted to r/politics, r/worldpolitics, etc.No personal information such as names, Facebook pages, phone numbers, addresses, etc. This is grounds for an immediate (and likely permanent) ban, so consider this a warning.No witch-hunting or incitement to witch hunt. This means no demanding "Reddit justice" in any way in post titles or comments.No police brutality/violence videos. Consider posting to a different subreddit, like /r/Bad_Cop_No_Donut or elsewhere.If your submission does not appear in the new queue, please contact us (be sure to include a link to the Reddit post (i.e. comments section), not the content you are linking). Simply deleting your post may cause the spam filter to catch future ones.Also, please contact us regarding spam, political or any other inappropriate videos, as this helps us remove them more quickly!Missed the best of Reddit yesterday? Catch the daily recap and best links at /r/tldrIf theres 5 possible emergency personnel dead you can be sure there's a larger civilian body count. I know it goes without saying, but this fuckin sucks.Edit: unless you're talking about the ricin letters. In which case, I'm just tired and a bit if an idiot tonight.  edit: I'm a fucking health professional, I should know these things. Vodka is bad, kids. Further research shows that it's a physical anomaly that isn't bad, but can increase your chances of infection if you try to snort things and shoot them out your tear ducts.Edit: Based on the news and reading the replies, it's even worse than it looks. Unfortunately.If anybody is wondering, the town of West, Texas pretty much exists because of this plant. Which happens to be next to a school and residential areas.EDIT: From KHOU: West EMS Director tells KWTX-TV as many as 60 or 70 people dead, hundreds injured in fertilizer plant explosion.11:15 p.m.: West Mayor Tommy Muska said at a news conference that he doesn't yet know how many people were hurt or killed in the blast explosion.From AP: West Mayor Tommy Muska says there were five or six volunteer firefighters battling the blaze at the West Fertilizer plant when the explosion happened just before 8 p.m. Wednesday.1:10 a.m.: There are 172 people confirmed hospitalized with 23 more people en route/to be admitted.  At least 24 people are in critical condition and at 38-40 people are in serious condition.3:42 a.m.: Sgt. William Patrick Swanton of the Waco Police Department estimates 5 to 15 people dead so far. The city's emergency management system director, said it could spike to 60 or 70. "We have two EMS personnel that are dead for sure, and there may be three firefighters that are dead," Smith said." - Yahoo News, CNNPlease follow the Live Update Thread for more information. I will not be able to update this post throughout the day. EDIT 3: TheEarthquakeGuy provides a general summary, including numbers and donation centers in the /r/worldnews thread. An explosion Wednesday night at a fertilizer plant near Waco sent flames shooting high into the night sky, leaving the factory a smoldering ruin, causing major damage at nearby buildings and injuring numerous people.The blast at the plant in West, a community north of Waco, happened shortly before 8 p.m. and could be heard as far away as Waxahachie, 45 miles to the north.Several fires continued to burn in West two hours after the blast. In aerial footage from Dallas' NBC affiliate, WDFW, dozens of emergency vehicles could be seen amassed at the scene. Entry into West was slow-going, as the roads were jammed with emergency vehicles rushing in to help out.Authorities set up a staging area on the local high school's football field, which was lit up with floodlights. Ambulances and several dozen injured people could be seen being taken away or seated in wheelchairs as they are treated and await transport.Department of Public Safety troopers were using their squad cars to transport those injured by the blast and fire at the plant in West, a community north of Waco, Gayle Scarbrough, a spokeswoman for the department's Waco office, told television station KWTX. She said six helicopters were also en route to help out.The explosion at West Fertilizer was reported shortly before 8 p.m. in a frantic call from the scene, KWTX reported.A West Fire Department dispatcher told The Associated Press that any casualties would be transported to hospitals in Waco, which is about 90 miles north of Austin.The explosion knocked out power to many area customers and could be heard and felt for miles around.Brad Smith, who lives 45 miles north of West in Waxahachie, told the station that he and his wife heard what sounded like a thunderclap.Lydia Zimmerman, told KWTX that she, her husband and daughter were in their garden in Bynum, 13 miles from West, when they heard multiple blasts.People walking out of a restaurant more than 2 miles away said they were blown back and knocked down by the force of the blast.What does this mean for the people in the video? Would they have been legitimately injured by the blast? Or was it just temporary hearing loss?edit: update - thankfully it appears no perforated drums for either as an individual mentioned the child was on the today showEdit : As of right now. We are waiting till the sun comes up, to better assess damage. send firefighters into , but a factory that could possibly explode is sure as shit one of them. Someones ass is gonna be on the line for negligence. Edit: Firefighters are some of the bravest people on the planet and should be commended. But the visibility within that building was most likely zero and no one should have been within a 1/4 of a mile of it. You'll notice it's situated on a railroad line.  It was probably there long before the town grew up north to meet it.Edit: TIL West was settled a few miles north of the famous staged head-on locomotive crash site where three spectators were killed by flying debris.  Oh the irony....uh... well they we're planning on making a Justice League movie, starting in 2011 ("scheduled" to debut in 2015), but there's been much discussion that The Flash movie needs to be made first. But I can tell you that if such a movie were to exist theoretically, it would not hypothetically be announced next week, supposedly. So there's that.The fertilizer plant that exploded Wednesday night in West, Texas, reported to the Environmental Protection Agency and local public safety officials that it presented no risk of fire or explosion, documents show.The second worst possibility projected was a leak from a broken hose used to transfer the product, again causing no injuries.It heart wrenching to hear that poor girl cry like that knowing that terror she must be feeling yet  her father and her can't even hear each other!!!! god i hope they're okayThere is a school, a playground, houses, an apartment building, and the retirement home all within that a half a mile from that place. From: http://www.lsa.ethz.ch/education/vorl/mtrarc_slides/08_Source_Term_Impact.pdfAccording to the judicial enquiry, the explosion was caused by a human handling error. A worker from asubcontracting company is said to have mistaken a 500-kilo sack of a chlorine compound (dichloroisocyanuric acid)for nitrate granules and poured it onto the stock of ammonium nitrate in the storage building a quarter of an hourbefore the explosion. The mixture is said to have produced nitrogen trichloride, an unstable gas that explodes atBut according to owner of AZF, has suggested another hypothesis through its own commission of enquiry, claimingthatthe explosion was caused by an electric arc between two transformerslocated outside the plant.A newspaper in Toulouse, alleges that the ammonium nitrate that caused the explosion at the AZF factory wasstacked "in a real dump" with minimal surveillance and security, and "incredible negligence". The newspaper alsoreported that the storage area was excluded from the area to be inspected by a regional industry and environmentEdit: based on the news that is coming out from this, my comment here seems a bit callous - I was unaware of the number of people hurt. A place like that should be treated exactly like a fire in an explosives factory. That is: run the hell away, and pick up the pieces after it is all over. I assumed (wrongly, as it turns out) that precautions had already been taken. Instead, it seems like it happened rather quickly.Also, what is it with Texas and horrific industrial accidents involving fertilizer?One -This picture shows where the picture was taken (Circle) and where the explosion happened.*Edit: Removed possible fake picture. Added pictures from areas around West, Tx.http://www.nbcdfw.com/news/local/Explosion-Rocks-Fertilizer-Plant-During-Fire-203508011.htmlSource: I lost my hearing temporarily from a rocket propelled grenade in afghanistanwe use and disclose information to prevent people from abusing the platform, but