TX DPS: 14 fatalities, 200 injuries from West explosion, missing count unknown - News - The HornThe University of Texas Police Department is urging students to be vigilant following the recent tragedies in Boston. Students are advised to immediately report any suspicious activity to UTPD.Fraternity collects 900-1,000 letters for family of child killed in marathon bombingThe UT Chapter of the ACACIA Fraternity collected 900 to 1,000 letters Friday for the family of Martin Richard, an eight-year-old boy who was killed along with two other people at a bombing at the Boston Marathon on Monday.Texas Attorney General Greg Abbott said a price gouging statute has been enacted in Texas following a deadly Wednesday explosion in West, and anyone who tries to profit off the disaster will face a lawsuit from his office.Governor Rick Perry declared McLennan County a disaster zone Thursday afternoon and said he will seek a federal Disaster Declaration for the area from U.S. President Barack Obama following an explosion at a fertilizer plant in the county.Texas Department of Public Safety officials said Friday that 14 people have been killed and 200 have been injured as a result of the fertilizer plant explosion in the 2,800-person town of West, roughly 20 miles north of Waco, on Wednesday night. They said the missing count remains unknown.  Jason Reyes, Texas Department of Public Safety Sargent, said 14 people have been confirmed dead and 200 have been injured as a result of the fertilizer plant explosion in West on Wednesday night. West is located roughly 20 miles North of Waco and has a population of roughly 2,800 people. Governor Rick Perry said authorities are done with the search-and-rescue phase of their work, with the exception of one burned house, at a Friday afternoon press conference. Officials at the press conference said estimates on the number of missing people are unclear, as many people have been displaced from their homes and may have been reported missing as a result of that. Sargent William Patrick Swanton of the Waco Police Department said Thursday that 50-75 homes have been destroyed as a result of the explosion. Officials at the Friday afternoon press conference said no more volunteers at needed at this time, but may be later, and monetary donations are needed and being accepted by the Red Cross and Salvation army. Fraternity collects 900-1,000 letters for family of child killed in marathon bombingFraternity collects 900-1,000 letters for family of child killed in marathon bombing