['What I was saying though is theyre more loyal if you pay them more relative to the minimum wage. If the minimum wage is $7 an hour and you pay them $15 they will stand by you through thick and thin. However if the minimum wage is $15 the fact that you pay them $15 is now viewed as the bare minimum and they will jump ship to someone who will pay more or make them do less for their paycheck. ', 'http://www.forbes.com/sites/realspin/2013/04/17/the-record-is-clear-minimum-wage-hikes-destroy-jobs/ ', "This forbes article cites that had minimum wage kept with the ups and downs of inflation it would actually be significantly less than the $15-$21 figure you keep hearing people throwing around. However I haven't done any real digging, so take that with a grain of salt ", 'You are not entitled to anything in this life. Merely by living in America you have it better than 80% of the world. Quit bitching and apply yourself. ', '"A minimum wage that truly kept up with inflation since it\'s inception in 1938 would only be $4.12 today" ', 'If you can give me a convincing argument as to how a business is able to just double wages without serious consequences to unskilled workers Id love to hear it.', "I would support a small increase to say $9 or $10, but this big of a jump is simply insane. I personally think they've already started the ball rolling on eliminating their own jobs. ", "Now let's assume companies automate about half the minimum wage positions due to a wage hike. All of a sudden the worker has an incentive to work harder in order to keep their unskilled job, because it's now much much harder to get an unskilled job with the labor market being saturated with unskilled unemployed workers (never mind the fact this alone creates downward pressure on the minimum wage the government just set). So what you're hypothesizing does happen, but at the cost of a massive spike in unemployment. ", "And you're absolutely correct, you get what you pay for. But I hypothesize that's relative to the minimum wage. ", "How much you're worth per hour is determined by the pay level you will work for. If you were worth more than 7.25 an hour your employer would either pay you more or you would find an employer who would do so.  ", 'Do I think there should be a raise in the minimum wage? Yes. Should the minimum wage be doubled? Absolutely not, and the people who are making minimum wage and protesting such are going to screw themselves out of a job. ', 'we use and disclose information to prevent people from abusing the platform, but']