60 people remain unaccounted for after West plant blast - Houston Chronicle























(skip this header)


















 








Subscribe to the Houston Chronicle  | 
Shop | 
Classifieds | 
Obits | 
Notices | 
Place an Ad | 
La Voz




Register

 | 

Sign In

















Friday April 19, 2013











|
Houston Weather












Chron.com
Web Search by YAHOO!
Local Directory












Home

Local



In Local

Neighborhoods
Houston & Texas
Traffic
Weather
Education
Politics & Policy
Chronicle Investigates
Obituaries
Staff Blogs
Reader Blogs
Columnists
Opinions & Editorials
La Voz (Español)




News

Owner of West fertilizer plant says 'heart is broken'
Top Local Stories

Death toll rises after West plant blast 
St. Luke's gets surprise buyer 
HISD's Grier seeks more funds for Apollo plan 



Neighborhoods

Bay Area
Bellaire
Conroe
Cy-Fair
Fort Bend
Heights
Katy
Kingwood
Memorial
Pearland
Spring
The Woodlands



Opinions & Editorials

Editorials
Letters to the Editor
Outlook
Cartoons by Nick Anderson
Bill King Columns


 




US & World



In US & World

US News
World News
The Americas
Politics
Space
Odd News




News

Boston in the last 24 hours
Top US & World Stories

A glance at the search for Boston bomb suspects 
Boston suspect's father says he's a 'true angel' 
Rough inauguration day for new Venezuelan leader 


 




Sports



In Sports

Texans
Rockets
Astros
Dynamo
High school
Colleges
UH
Rice
UT
A&M
Outdoors
Golf
More Sports
Buy Tickets






Texans to open season on Monday Night Football
Top Sports Stories

Two wide receiver prospects accused of defacing hotel room 
Teammates welcome Garcia back to lineup 
UH starting third baseman leaves program 


 




Business



In Business

Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Houston Business News
Business Insider
Markets
Press Releases
Small Business Mgmt
Chron 100
Top Workplaces
Sponsored Content






Seaway pipeline starts lottery to disuade speculators
Top Business Stories

Galveston Park Board OK’s BP lawsuit 
Oil health and safety spending will increase 60 percent by 2030 
Did you overpay for your home? Find out 


 




Entertainment



In Entertainment

Things To Do
Restaurants
Music
Movies
Bars & Clubs
Arts & Theater
Horoscopes
Comics & Games
Contests




Entertainment

Chuck Woolery calls most terrorists Muslim on Twitter, starts flamewar
Top Entertainment Stories

Hot Picks: Improv troupes, 420 music fest and more 
Save the date: Hops & Hogs charity event 
Burger Friday: Gratifi Kitchen & Bar 


 




Lifestyle



In Lifestyle

Health Zone
Style
Mom Houston
Houston Belief
Pets
Food & Cooking
Society
Travel
Weddings & Celebrations
Houston Gives
Home Care & Protection
Sponsored Content




Lifestyle

New on TV this week
Top Lifestyle Stories

Hibiscus sales an opportunity to find new colors 
Online class teaches students to have that aha moment 
It's easy to enroll at YouTube University 



Health Zone

M.D. Finder



Travel

Flight Tracker
Travel Arkansas
Travel Louisiana
Travel New Orleans
Texas Travel
Hill Country Travel
Ski Colorado
Visit Las Vegas


 




Jobs



In Jobs

Advanced search
Browse job categories
Salary Wizard
Career Rescue
Houston's Hiring
Careers in Engineering
Salute to Nurses
Work & Career Advice
Job Fairs & Career Expo




Jobs

One taco that created 15,000 jobs
Top Jobs Stories

Silver Sponsor: Applied Cryo Technologies a pioneer in LNG, offers new products 
Working with recruiters can get you the interview 
French expat has advice for those moving to Houston 


 




Cars



In Cars

Cars & Auto News
Heidi's Cars Blog
New Car Search
Used Car Search
Certified Car Search
Find Houston Auto Dealers




Cars

Classic Chevrolet Sugar Land turns up heat with chili cook-off
Top Cars Stories

'Meet the Legends' spring go-to show 
Texan Dodge opens with high-flying thrills 
American classics keep running strong 


 




Real Estate



In Real Estate

New Homes
Second Homes
Rentals
Home Price Survey
Research
Commercial Real Estate
Farms & Ranches
Chron Homes App




Homes

Fleury Way home includes outdoor fireplace, summer kitchen
Top Real Estate Stories

Tom's Tips: Some home maintenance, little at a time, does wonders 
Heritage Texas Properties agents awarded at conference 
In the Garden with Urban Harvest: Biological mulch has benefits beyond soil building 


 













  
 
 



















« Back to Article









News > 
Houston & Texas



60 people remain unaccounted for after West plant blast


By Michelle Mondo, Express-News |
                                April 19, 2013
                | Updated: April 19, 2013 6:55pm 







                    Comments
                    (0)



E-mail
                


Print










Tweet








Page 1 of 1







 





More Information
• The unknown grips West
• Double disasters for marathon runner
• Hope lost for firefighters' families
• Blast felt as far away as Katy 
• Similar to 1947 tragedy in Texas City
• Houston relief groups standing by to help 
• Gov. Rick Perry declares McLennan County a disaster area 
• Scary YouTube video catches the blast
• SciGuy Eric Berger explains why ammonium nitrate explodes
• Pope Francis tweets prayers for Texas explosion victims
• Social media responds to the West tragedy
• Fertilizer plant had been cited in 2006
• TCEQ staff monitoring environment at blast site
• Gov. Rick Perry mobilizes state resources
• See photos from the plant explosion



WEST — Fifteen people have died from the West Fertilizer plant explosion, according to a source familiar with the search-and-rescue efforts who wasn't authorized to speak to the media.
Twelve bodies were recovered in and around the plant and two were found in a nearby apartment complex, the source said Friday afternoon.
In addition, a man living in the West Rest Haven nursing home died after being evacuated.
Another 60 people are still unaccounted since the explosion Wednesday night, but that number is expected to drop, U.S. Sen. John Cornyn said during a briefing here.
Cornyn said he was told the number when talking to authorities Friday morning. He took a tour of West with U.S. Sen. Ted Cruz and Rep. Roger Williams prior to the briefing.
He said officials still have hospitals to visit to look for those unaccounted for, as well as trying to find people who may be staying with friends or family elsewhere.  "We hope that it drops to zero," Cornyn said.
About 200 have been reported injured in the blast, which leveled several blocks of the small town north of Waco. Searchers had cleared 150 buildings, counted 50 homes destroyed and "we have to go through 25 more," Texas Department of Public Safety Sgt. Jason Reyes said.
The announcement came at a morning briefing and could quell the wildly differing estimates that have circulated through the town. Mayor Tommy Muska told news organizations Thursday afternoon that up to 40 people were dead but backed off that statement by nighttime.
Two fire trucks and an ambulance were destroyed, and a state fire marshal and firefighter website said at least 10 of those killed in the explosion were first responders. Eleven other West firefighters were injured, it said.
Robert Neill, a local resident and friend of the plant's owners, said five firefighters were inside the building, including plant employee Cody Dragoo. He was there for work and was on the phone with his boss, trying to shut off circuit breakers, when the plant exploded, Neill said.
Asked if anyone could have survived from inside the plant, Matt Cawthon, the chief deputy of the McLennan County Sheriff's Department, replied, "They were all fatalities there."
He said he had not yet talked to the fire chief, George Nors Sr.
"They're probably all in shock. He lost so many of his guys, and his town is devastated," Cawthon said.
DPS spokesman Harpin Myers also had not spoken to the chief.
"He lost a lot of good friends in there. It's gonna be real tough for him," Myers said.
Search and rescue missions will continue and the investigation has not yet yielded a cause of the fire that sparked the explosion.
"For the safety of all those involved we are still not allowing anyone in the affected area," Reyes said.
Still mourning, West residents woke up Friday focused on putting things back in order.
Along Oak Street, the city's main drag, glass debris lay scattered across sidewalks in gutters in spots. The mess and boarded windows served as reminders of the hellish blast that devastated this town of 2,800.
West isn't used to the chaos of disaster, and those not mourning, and some that were, remained in cleanup mode. Outside the Old Corner Drug Store, a woman swept glass pellets left by the explosion.
"This is a nice town," said Jerome Lednicky, chairman of a local bank. "People clean up the downtown. You don't see lawns not mowed."
Gov. Rick Perry was set to visit the devastated town late Friday afternoon.  Perry earlier declared McLennan County a disaster area, asked for a federal emergency declaration and held a Thursday briefing in Austin where he outlined the state resources that have been activated to help the town.
Still mourning, West residents woke up Friday focused on putting things back in order.
Along Oak Street, the city's main drag, glass debris lay scattered across sidewalks in gutters in spots.
The mess and boarded windows served as reminders of the hellish blast that devastated this town of 2,800.
West isn't used to the chaos of disaster, and those not mourning, and some that were, remained in cleanup mode. Outside the Old Corner Drug Store, a woman swept glass pellets left by the explosion.
"This is a nice town," said Jerome Lednicky, chairman of a local bank. "People clean up the downtown. You don't see lawns not mowed."
Chronicle staff writers Dug Begley and Peggy Fikac  and Express-News Eva Ruth Moravec contributed to this report.
mmondo@express-news.net










                    Comments
                    (0)



E-mail
                


Print










Tweet












By Michelle Mondo, Express-News













Subscribe to the Houston Chronicle and receive access to the Chronicle for iPad App 





60 people remain unaccounted for after West plant blast


Express-News


Copyright 2013 Express-News. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
 
    	Updated 6:55 pm, Friday, April 19, 2013
  	


 A Texas law enforcement official says 12 bodies have been recovered following a massive explosion that leveled a fertilizer plant. 















 





















Featured Galleries
 









 
News The Gulf disaster from spill to trial



 
News 2013 Astros: Game by game



 
News No. 8 seeds over No. 1 seeds in NBA playoffs



 
Entertainment Best of Burger Friday



 
News The 15 most popular NBA jerseys



 
News Baby animals are here to cheer you up















Home Care, Maintenance & Protection
 









 
Sponsored Content Electrical home safety: Potential hazards you must address!









Latest Videos












Guide to Social Security Disability
 









 
Sponsored Content The Possible Solutions for Social Security















More Local News
 









 
News Travis County DA sentenced to 45 days for DWI



 
News Texas town grieves for dead first-responders




News Davidian survivors mark 20th anniversary of siege




News Houston Zoo finds new problem with baby giraffe, decides to euthanize him




News Boy Scouts propose to lift gay ban for youth









Join the Conversation






















LocalUS & WorldSportsBusinessEntertainmentLifestyleJobsCarsReal Estate




The Houston Chronicle is the premier local news provider for the country's 4th largest city.
Currently the nation's sixth-largest newspaper, the Houston Chronicle is a multimedia company publishing print and online products in English and Spanish that reach millions of people each month. The Houston Chronicle is owned by the Hearst Corporation.


Advertise With Us

Purchase ads for web, social media, and print via Hearst Media Services
Place a classified ad in the paper or online
Place a targeted ad in a speciality section such as a weekly or neighborhood publication 

Subscriber Services

Get home delivery, manage your subscription, pay your bill with EZ Pay, and set a vacation hold for the paper
Local Business Directory



About Us

About the Houston Chronicle
Executive Team
Careers
Community
Legal Notices
Contests
Ad Choices 
Corporate Home

Contact Us

Customer Service 
Newsroom Contacts



Editions & Apps

iPad
iPhone
Android
Blackberry
Mobile Website
HoustonChronicle.com
eEdition Demo | Today's eEdition
Chronicle in Education
Chron.com Site Index

Follow Chron

Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Newsletters
RSS






Terms of Use  |  Privacy Policy  | Your California Privacy Rights  |  Ad Choices

        Houston Chronicle  |  P.O. Box 4260  Houston, Texas 77210–4260
    


© Copyright 2013 Hearst Communications, Inc.



 


   

        	
	



 






 








