Mets don't intend to adjust dimensions or walls at Citi Field for 2010 season - NY Daily News 











                  Friday, April 19, 2013  NYDailyNews.com /    Mets         Follow @nydailynews        


Jobs


Classifieds


Contests


Reader Offers


Home Delivery


Services


Apps

   Search Field      site   web   blogs  Powered by Yahoo   
   Daily News  
   America    New York      News     Politics   Sports     More of Sports :   Baseball     Football     Basketball     Hockey     College     High School     More Sports     I-Team     Sports Pics     Blogs       Showbiz     Opinion     Living     Photos     Video    Autos    
          Mets     
  Mets don't intend to adjust dimensions or walls at Citi Field for 2010 season      By   Adam Rubin     / DAILY NEWS SPORTS WRITER    Thursday, September 3, 2009, 4:00 AM                 Print            Print  Comment            Sabo/News Deep drives like this one would be out of most stadiums but team doesn’t plan to change Citi Field’s dimensions for 2010.     Related Stories   NY Mets' home, Citi Field, to host 2013 Major League Baseball All-Star Game    On Opening Day 2013, Yankees and Mets compete for Daily News’ best of New York awards   David Wright develops into everyday leader in NY Mets clubhouse, leads by example   Expect David Wright to remain with NY Mets, for now        DENVER - David Wright better muscle up. It's either that or accept modest home run totals for the rest of his career. The Mets don't intend to adjust the dimensions or wall heights at Citi Field for the 2010 season, the Daily News has learned.Omar Minaya and Jerry Manuel both recommended the ballpark retain its current configuration, and the Wilpons plan to abide by that request, according to a team source. "We're going to try to build a team with speed and defense and pitching," Manuel said. "I think that fits that style." Wright's homer totals precipitously declined this season. After averaging 29 a season from 2005-08, Wright has only eight this season, five of which have come at home. Greg Rybarczyk, a former nuclear engineer for the U.S. Navy who runs HitTrackeronline.com, concluded Wright has been deprived of eight home runs by Citi Field's dimensions compared with Shea Stadium's. "However, on those eight 'stolen' home runs, Wright has ended up, in reality, with one single, five doubles and two triples, so his average has not been hurt by this - just his slugging a bit and home run total a lot," Rybarczyk said. "I figure that if Citi Field were sized the same as Shea, his 2009 home run total would go from eight to 16, and his slugging percentage from .466 to .501." Citi Field is particularly detrimental to Wright because he prefers the right-center power alley. While Shea measured 371 in right-center, Citi Field's angled wall in that area ranges from 378 to 415 feet. Overall, an average of 1.67 homers per game has been hit at Citi Field, which places it 11th of 16 NL ballparks, according to data from the Web site. At Shea, albeit with a more potent Mets lineup, there were 2.15 homers per game last year, tied for sixth in the NL. Through the first three months of this season alone, Rybarczyk concluded, 38 additional homers would have left Citi Field if it had Shea's configuration. "We should have more doubles, more triples, and we can utilize that to our advantage," Wright said. "At the same time, it's nice every once in a while to be able to get a little momentum and hit a three-run home run. That's something that it is going to be a little tough with the dimensions. But the people making the decisions, they can put our team together based upon the park." Of course, Wright may be with the Mets longer than anyone, and he agreed Citi Field isn't exactly conducive to his stroke. "I would say it's probably built the opposite than for me," he said. "I think one of my strengths is driving the ball to right field. I sometimes think I have to hit it twice to get it out there. It is what it is. It's not something I'm going to complain about or anybody else should complain about. It's the park and we have to adapt." The left-field wall, which measures as tall as 15 feet, 81/2 inches, is also an issue. The second level can be removed, essentially cutting the height in half and making it more conducive to homers and Endy Chavez-style catches, but the Mets don't intend to alter it. "I don't even think they have to move the dimensions in," Jeff Francoeur said. "In left field, it would be nice just to put a regular wall." How can Wright have so few homers on the road if the issue is with Citi Field? Francoeur suggested there may be a psychological component to the team's performance away from Flushing. "Now you go on the road and you feel like, 'Shoot, I've got to get some home runs on the road,'" he said. "I wish we would have changed it, to be honest with you. I'm not saying we need to make it a hitters' park." Francoeur noted one positive: The Mets should easily recruit free-agent pitchers. That apparently is the thinking. As for Mets hitters getting frustrated, Manuel countered: "I don't think hitters you raise in your organization care about dimensions. If people are coming from the outside, trying to do something different to accumulate just numbers so he can make more money, then you might have an issue with acquiring that particular individual. I really don't want that guy anyway." Manuel conceded Daniel Murphy and Gary Sheffield are not suited to playing left field in a big park. The manager noted that in the future players will fit Citi Field. "We didn't know how the park would play," Manuel said. "It might look big but still could have possibly played small. Now that you see, you have to make a decision which way you're going. Are you going to try to go power, and not defense and speed and pitching?" Manuel said the Mets have settled on defense and speed and pitching. "I like that game," he said.    Post a Comment » 

   Comments   See All Comments  [Discussion Guidelines ]  To post your comments, please, Sign in » . X           Show more comments       
    Ads by Yahoo!                 Apr 19th, 8:49AM    Mets vs. Nats, Game 15: Are any fans left who care about Matt Harvey vs. Steven Strasberg?     It's really incredible - and sad - what three lousy games at Coors Field can do to a team's record and its fan base's pysche. First, the team's           Most Popular      Most Read   Most Shared      1   Smith: Injury plus years say Captain’s short stay is over     2   Raissman: Kid makes Keith lose control of fastball     3   Jeter out until 'after All-Star Game' with new ankle fracture     4   Yanks rally, but D'Backs prevail in extras     5   Mets Insider: d’Arnaud suffers a left foot fracture     6   Yankees Insider: Baseball collector catches two homers      7   Mets' Collins wants Wheeler, but Alderson may balk     8   Rockies romp way to three-game sweep of Mets     9   Mariano Rivera: King of all relievers     10   Feinsand: Sabathia not up to speed, but lefty says no big deal         1   Smith: Injury plus years say Captain’s short stay is over     2   Raissman: Kid makes Keith lose control of fastball     3   Yanks rally, but D'Backs prevail in extras     4   Yankees Insider: Baseball collector catches two homers      5   Jeter out until 'after All-Star Game' with new ankle fracture     6   Mariano Rivera: King of all relievers     7   Mets Insider: d’Arnaud suffers a left foot fracture     8   Mets' Collins wants Wheeler, but Alderson may balk     9   Rangers rally in 9th, win 2-1 to tie World Series     10   Ex-Yank Berkman gets back at Texas               Apr 18th, 1:07PM    Travis D'Arnaud heading to New York to have broken foot examined by Mets doctors     
	Mets top catching prospect Travis d'Arnaud broke the first metatarsal on his left foot Wednesday night, Sandy Alderson said. The cornerstone of               Editors' Picks    Celtics star Garnett gets Melo with his trash talk     Kevin Garnett was anything Friday but the trash talker that sent Carmelo Anthony into a post-game tizzy earlier this season. The Celtics forward only complimented the Knicks and their star player on the eve of Saturday's playoff opener between the longtime rivals.      Lawrence: Who can REALLY beat the Heat?     Dominant throughout the regular season, it’s Miami’s championship to lose when the NBA playoffs start this weekend. With LeBron James putting together another MVP-caliber season, which would be his fourth in the last five seasons, the Heat blew away the competition.

     The Matchups: Knicks, Celtics ready to rumble     Carmelo Anthony will have plenty of chances to confront Kevin Garnett without having to chase him all the way to the Boston Celtics’ team bus. In fact, Anthony and the Knicks are in position to send Garnett on an early vacation and place the futures of Garnett, Paul Pierce and Doc Rivers into the great unknown.     Smith: Injury plus years say Captain’s short stay is over     When Derek Jeter was helped off the field with a fractured left ankle by Joe Girardi and trainer Steve Donohue during Game 1 of the American League Championship Series last year, who would have thought we might never see him play shortstop at Yankee Stadium ever again?     Tiger's ex-caddie says he should have been DQ'd     Steve Williams, the caddie for Masters champion Adam Scott, has told 3 News New Zealand his old boss, Tiger Woods, should have been disqualified for signing an incorrect scorecard after his Dropgate incident on the 15th hole of Friday's round.     PHOTOS: Pat Summerall | 1930-2013     Pat Summerall, the NFL player-turned-broadcaster whose deep, resonant voice called games for more than 40 years, has dies on April 16, 2013 at the age of 82.     PHOTOS: Two explosions rock Boston Marathon finish line     Two explosions ripped through the finish line of the Boston Marathon on April 15, 2013. The euphoria of crossing the finish line turned into bloody chaos as two blasts rocked the end of the 26.2-mile trek.     PHOTOS: MLB celebrates 5th annual Jackie Robinson Day     Major League Baseball pays tribute to its biggest pioneer, the man who integrated baseball and stood up for racial equality, Jackie Robinson of the Brooklyn Dodgers     New York Jets Flight Crew tryouts 2013     Check out the hopeful women who flocked to the 2013 tryouts for the New York Jets Flight Crew. Some of these lucky ladies could be chosen for the professional cheerleading squad.     Golf WAGs wow at the 2013 Masters     As the world's greatest golfers prepare to tee off, see who's at the top of the leaderboard when it comes to the hottest wives and girlfriends in golf ...        Daily News Pix - NY Mets      Are you a fan of the Amazin's? Do you bleed blue and orange? Then celebrate your Miracle Mets by owning a Daily News photo of one of the legendary Metropolitans.      Buy a Print           Sports Video



  

          





















Media Kit
Autos
Home Delivery
Newsletters
Businesses
Place an Ad
About our Ads
Contact Us
FAQ's
Feeds
Site Map




            Use of this website signifies your agreement to the Terms of Service and
            Privacy Policy. 
           
© Copyright 2013 NYDailyNews.com. All rights reserved.




 









   