West Mourns Loss Of Volunteer Firefighters In Fertilizer Plant Blast | KERA News



Jump to Navigation










Listen Live
On Air Now


KERA Home
Radio
Television
Support this station



 



KERA

Part of the NPR digital network


 
 











Latest News


Government


Economy


Health/Science


Environment


Education


Arts


Commentary





 



Search form

Search 







 
 













The High FiveWhen Tragedy Hits, It's The Little Things That Keep Us Running - Like Bakeries And Kids





Texas NewsUPDATE: Cornyn Says 60 Unaccounted For, But May Be Staying With Loved Ones





Texas NewsKindness In #WestTexas: A Look At Relief On Instagram






 
 






 

Now Playing



Loading streams...




 

Podcasts & RSS Feeds



All ContentcloseNews podcastsUse iTunesUse a different playerRSS 
View all podcasts & RSS feeds 




 


Join Our Email List

 

Connect with Us

Find us on FacebookFollow us on Twitter

 

People





BJ Austin
Reporter



Sam Baker
Senior Editor and Morning Edition Host



Stephen Becker
Editor, Art&Seek



Anne Bothwell
Director, Art&Seek



Rick Holter
Vice President of News



Lyndsay Knecht
News Coordinator



Shelley Kofler
Managing Editor/Senior Reporter



Justin Martin
All Things Considered Host



Jerome Weeks
Producer-Reporter, Art&Seek



Jeff Whittington
Host and Senior Producer



Bill Zeeble
Reporter





 
 











			Texas News	  		


6:47				pm

Fri April 19, 2013


West Mourns Loss Of Volunteer Firefighters In Fertilizer Plant Blast


Share 


Tweet 



 


E-mail 

Comments 

Print 




By BJ Austin 


Enlarge imageCredit BJ Austin / KERA NewsSenator John Cornyn says 60 people are still unaccounted for after the West Fertilizer Co. caught fire and exploded. But, officials say rescuers have not yet checked off names of those hospitalized or staying with relatives.




Officials in West, Texas confirm that Wednesday's fertilizer plant explosion killed at least 14 people, injured 200 and damaged about 50 homes.  The owner of West Fertilizer, Donald Adair issued a statement saying, "My heart is broken with grief for the tragic losses to so many families in our community."                Listen          The KERA radio story     Many of those killed were volunteer first responders.  One of them was a Dallas Fire  Department Captain. In West, 52 year old Kenny Harris was known as Lucky.  30 years a Dallas firefighter, he was off duty and home Wednesday night when the call went out. There was a fire at the fertilizer plant. Harris was not technically a West volunteer, but he went to help. At a crowded candlelight vigil in West, Tim Sullins, the Ag teacher at the High School, says his friend Lucky loved life in this small town.   “My children grew up with his children, " Sullins said, his eyes brimming with tears. "He coached all the kids from the time they were little growing up. He was a heck of a Dad, a heck of a person in the community. We’re all fortunate to have known Lucky.” Sullins says he’s not surprised Harris raced toward the danger to try to protect others. Jeannette Jernigan went to church with Harris and his wife Holly. “You can’t get any better. He raised a good family, three boys – salt of the earth," she said. "I can’t fathom what it’s going to be like without him.” She’s close with Holly, who is the secretary of the intermediate school destroyed in the blast. “My heart and prayers go with Holly and the boys. We’re all in a state of shock,” said Jernigan. It’s not just immediate family and close friends reeling from the plant explosion. Most everyone knows someone who is, or has been a West volunteer firefighter. Jered Rochester leaned on the bed of his pickup parked on the street. His Dad, a postman, was a volunteer for more than eight years. He says sometimes Dad would have to leave the dinner table in real hurry.   “You have to be willing to put down what you’re doing and drop your life and go do it,” Rochester said. He says his Dad never talked much about the close calls and dangers.  Rochester says today he’s thinking about his friends who dropped everything and raced to the fertilizer plant Wednesday night. “I’ve been fighting tears back since yesterday. And every time I hear about a confirmed death, it just tears me up,” Rochester said.  Mike Mellgren says it was always the same 12 to 16 guys answering the call. He says he went to school with half a dozen of them. He sighs, and says they knew the risk of being a volunteer first responder and were willing to take it. “That’s who they are. That’s why they took the job," Mellgren said, his voice tinged with a kind of reverence. "That’s the kind of people they were and are. They’re there for you. And that’s what our town is. Everybody’s here for each other. They’re the epitome of our town." 




Tags: 

West
West Fertilizer Co.
West Explosion



Related Content: 


  	Texas News
 Ammonium Nitrate Was Present At West Explosion Site   


  	Texas News
 UPDATE: Cornyn Says 60 Unaccounted For, But May Be Staying With Loved Ones



View the discussion thread.



  

 
 
















KERA News

American Public Media
BBC
PRI
NPR




 
 







News
Arts
Business
Government
Politics
Science
Sports
Business/Economy
Health/Science
Environment
Education
Arts & Culture
Texas News
Commentaries
Archive


KERA

KERA Home
Television
Radio
Art&Seek
Kids and Family
KERA E-Newsletter
KXT 91.7



Support KERA

Donate to KERA Television
Donate to KERA Radio
Volunteer at KERA
Corporate Support
Donate your Vehicle
Member Rewards



On Demand

Listen Live
Podcasts
Watch Video
KERA Mobile Apps




 
 









©2013 KERA News
About KERA
Privacy Policy
Community Discussion Rules
Contact




 
 








