The Wire: OregonLive.comTexas town grieves for dead first-responders | oregonlive.com      

         IN YOUR COMMUNITY:  Jobs   Jobs Home Find a Job Job Seeker Tools Employer Tools Post a Job More »     Autos   Autos Home New Car Pricing Used Cars Research Motorcycles Classic Cars Find A Dealer Place An Ad More »     Real Estate   Real Estate Home Homes New Homes Rent Foreclosures Commercial Place An Ad More »     Rentals   Rentals Home Apartments & Communities Commercial Leases Place An Ad More »     Classifieds   Classifieds Home  Pets Garage Sales For Sale Celebrations Autos Jobs Real Estate Rentals Place an Ad     Obituaries   Obituaries Home     Find N Save   Local Businesses   Find A Business Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business More »     Place An Ad           5-day | Traffic      Oregon       Twitter Facebook RSS   Sign in | Join            OregonLive.com           Sign in       News    News  Follow us: Twitter Facebook RSS     Loading headlines...  News Home »    Featured  Loading headlines...  All News Topics » | All News Forums »   More ... 

Education
Opinion


Environment
Pacific Northwest


Health & Fitness
Photos


Steve Duin
Politics


Obituaries
Road Conditions


The Hillsboro Argus
US & World


The Oregonian
Weather

      Business    Business  Follow us: Twitter Facebook RSS     Loading headlines...  Business Home »    Featured  Loading headlines...  All Business Topics »   More ... 

Business News
Playbooks & Profits


Complaint Desk
Silicon Forest


Front Porch
Small Business News


It's Only Money
Window Shop


My Economy
Stock Market Report


Business Newsletters
Tax Q & A Blog


Business Public Blog
US & World


     Sports    Sports  Follow us: Twitter Facebook RSS     Loading headlines...  Sports Home »    Featured  Loading headlines...  All Sports Topics » | All Sports Forums »   More ...   March Madness NCAA   Blazers Pac-12   Canzano Pilots   Beavers Thorns   Ducks Timbers   MLB Track & Field   NBA Vikings   NFL Winterhawks        H.S. Sports    High School Sports  Follow us: Twitter Facebook RSS     Loading headlines...  High School Sports Home »    Featured  Loading headlines...  All High School Topics »All High School Forums »   More ... 

Scores & schedules
Football


Find your school
Boys Basketball


Latest news
Girls Basketball


Forums
Baseball


Photos
Softball


Recruiting
Track & Field


Videos
Wrestling

      Entertainment    Entertainment  Follow us: Twitter Facebook RSS     Loading headlines...  Entertainment Home »    Featured  Loading headlines...  Entertainment Topics » | Entertainment Forums »   More ... 

Books
Living


Comics & Puzzles
Food & Recipes


Dining
Homes & Gardens


Events
Outdoors


Music
Parenting


Performance
Pets


TV & Movies
Travel


     Local    Local  Follow us: Twitter Facebook RSS    


Clackamas County



Happy Valley
West Linn


Lake Oswego
Wilsonville


Milwaukie



Oregon City







Portland



Downtown Portland
Southeast Portland


North Portland
Southwest Portland


Northeast Portland
Gresham


Northwest Portland
Clark County, Wash.






Washington County



Aloha
North of 26


Beaverton
Sherwood


Forest Grove
Tigard


Hillsboro
Tualatin


         




Education


Environment


Health


Obits


Opinion


Pacific Northwest


Politics


Road Conditions


US & World



Weather


more





     Sign in to OregonLive.com       Username  Password   Remember me   Forgot your username or password ?      Don’t have an account? Register now for free, or sign in with any of these services:            










    THE WIRELatest national & international news from The Associated Press    Texas town grieves for dead first-responders
April 19, 2013, 5:07 p.m. PDT
AP


WEST, Texas (AP) — Buck Uptmor didn't have to go to West Fertilizer Co. when the fire started. He wasn't a firefighter like his brother and cousin, who raced toward the plant. But a ranch of horses next to the flames needed to be moved to safety.
"He went to help a friend," said Joyce Marek, Uptmor's aunt. "And then it blew."
Two days after the fertilizer facility exploded in a blinding fireball, authorities announced Friday that they had recovered 14 bodies, confirming for the first time an exact number of people killed. Grieving relatives filed into a church offering comfort for families, as volunteers nearby handed out food to those still unable to return to homes damaged by the massive blast.
Ten of the dead were first-responders — including five from the West Volunteer Fire Department and four emergency medics, West Mayor Tommy Muska said.
The dead included Uptmor and Joey Pustejovsky, the city secretary who doubled as a member of the West Volunteer Fire Department. A captain of the Dallas Fire Department who was off-duty at the time but responded to the fire to help also died.
The explosion was strong enough to register as a small earthquake and could be heard for many miles across the Texas prairie. It demolished nearly everything for several blocks around the plant. More than 200 people were hurt, and Muska said five first-responders were among those who remained hospitalized Friday.
The first-responders "knew it was dangerous. They knew that thing could go up at any time," said Ronnie Sykora, who was Pustejovsky's deacon at St. Mary of the Assumption Catholic Church. "But they also knew that if they could extinguish that fire before it went up, that they could save tens of lives, hundreds of lives. That's why they were in there."
Following a tour of the rubble Friday, Gov. Rick Perry told reporters the search-and-rescue phase for anyone still trapped was largely finished. He said the state would offer help to the 29-member local fire department that had been "basically wiped out."
"To the first-responders: I cannot say thank you enough," Perry said.
Earlier in the day, Edward Smith, a volunteer chaplain for the Dallas Police Department, counseled firefighters at West's fire station.
"Right now, the general public might be saying, 'Well, why aren't they talking about this?'" Smith said of the firefighters. "They don't necessarily even want to talk about it. They're holding out hope."
In a town of just 2,800 people, everyone here knew someone affected by the explosion.
Officials offered reassurances Friday about the 60 or so people listed as unaccounted for after the blast. McLennan County Judge Scott Felton said many people on the list probably lost their homes and have simply been difficult to locate since the Wednesday evening accident.
"I think we're going to eliminate 99 percent" of those listed, he said.
The fertilizer facility stores and distributes anhydrous ammonia, a fertilizer that can be injected into soil. It also mixes other fertilizers.
Plant owner Donald Adair released a statement saying he never would forget the "selfless sacrifice of first-responders who died trying to protect all of us."
One of the plant employees also was killed responding to the fire, Adair said.
Federal investigators and the state fire marshal's office began inspecting the blast site Friday to collect evidence that may point to a cause.
Franceska Perot, a spokeswoman for the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives, said Friday evening that investigators still were combing through debris and would continue Saturday.
Residents cannot return to their homes until investigators are finished, Perot said. She did not have a timetable on when that might be.
"We're moving as fast as we can," Perot said. "We don't want them working at night because things can be missed."
Texas Sens. John Cornyn and Ted Cruz, who toured the town Friday, said they would wait for more information about the explosion before considering whether there should be more regulation of anhydrous ammonia.
The accident forever changed the community's landscape. An apartment complex was badly shattered, a school set ablaze and a nursing home left in ruins. At West Intermediate School, which was close to the blast site, all the building's windows were blown out, as well as the cafeteria.
Marek was teaching a high school youth group when the blast shook the room. The lights went out, and a student's phone lit up with a text message that there was an explosion at the fertilizer plant. He told Marek his brother's truck had been picked up and hurled into his family's house.
Marek spent the next couple of hours wondering if she knew anyone who might be at the plant. Then Uptmor's wife called.
"She said, 'Have you heard from Buck? She told me they had called him up there, and she couldn't get a hold of him," Marek said.
They spent the next few hours frantically searching for the father of three, who coached baseball, played drums in a band and whose phone always was ringing with people seeking help. Sometimes it was a truck stuck in a ditch or a house that flooded or a neighbor who needed a hand moving furniture.
Every time, Marek said, Uptmor would go.
"Why did they have to call him? He was safe at home with his family," Marek said. "But you know, if he hadn't gone, he wouldn't have been Buck."
___
Associated Press writers Will Weissert and Christopher Sherman in West, Juan Carlos Llorca in Dallas and video journalists John L. Mone and Raquel Maria Dillon in West contributed to this report.



> Return to previous page      INSIDE THE WIRE    National
 Oregon News
 Washington State News  Politics  Business  Entertainment  Health  Off Beat/Strange News  World News     AP SPORTS NEWS   Boxing MLB Baseball NBA Basketball NCAA Basketball NCAA Football NFL Football  Oregon Sports    Portland Timbers Portland Trail Blazers Seattle Mariners Seattle Seahawks Soccer Tennis      
 
Oregon News Updates
Sign up for daily top news headlines, breaking news alerts and more.







 Breaking News
 Obituaries
 Opinion


 Politics
 Today's News
 Weather Updates




Send me occasional offers and information from this website, our affiliates, and other companies.




All OregonLive.com Newsletters »


             About Us  About OregonLive.com Advertise with us Contact Us   Jobs at OregonLive.com FAQ    Subscriptions  Newsletters Text Alerts RSS Mix Magazine  The Oregonian The Hillsboro Argus      OregonLive.com Sections  News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Travel Opinion   Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Local Deals Local Businesses    Your Regional News Pages  Clackamas County Clark County Gresham    Portland Washington County More Local News    Mobile Mobile site | iPhone, Android apps | Tablet Apps     More on OregonLive.com  Forums Videos Photos Interact with us Weather   Post a job Post a classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Sitemap & search    Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+      Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy (Revised November 1, 2011) © 2013 Oregon Live LLC. All rights reserved (About Us).The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Oregon Live LLC. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Contact interactivity management.  Ad Choices     



























