LeBron James returns to Cleveland with the Heat Thursday in the NBA's one must-see game this season - NY Daily News 











                  Friday, April 19, 2013  NYDailyNews.com /    Basketball         Follow @nydailynews        


Jobs


Classifieds


Contests


Reader Offers


Home Delivery


Services


Apps

   Search Field      site   web   blogs  Powered by Yahoo   
   Daily News  
   America    New York      News     Politics   Sports     More of Sports :   Baseball     Football     Basketball     Hockey     College     High School     More Sports     I-Team     Sports Pics     Blogs       Showbiz     Opinion     Living     Photos     Video    Autos    
          Basketball     
      LeBron James returns to Cleveland with the Heat Thursday in the NBA's one must-see game this season      Wednesday, December 1, 2010, 12:27 PM                 Print            Print  Comment            Ehrmann/Getty Former Knicks great Walt Frazier says the fans of Cleveland will 'be in a fury' when LeBron James makes his first trip back to Quickens Loans Arena Thursday.     Related Stories   Lawrence: Irving in Cavs' future?   Niners clip Eagles, Lions stun 'Boys   Brennan's Week 16 NFL bettor's guide   Woody blocks out any talk of a lucky team       If it's Dec. 1, then we must be only a day away from the one must-see game of the entire NBA season.LeBron James' return to Cleveland.He gave the Cavs seven great seasons, the kind of seasons the Cavs never had in their history, including their first-ever trip to the Finals. All of that is likely to be forgotten when he steps onto the Quickens Loans Arena court on Thursday night."The people out in Cleveland ... they will be in a fury," said Walt Frazier, the former Knicks great.This was about an hour after the Knicks had easily dispatched the Nets in the Garden on Tuesday night and Frazier was standing outside on 33rd street, waiting for a ride. He raved about Amar'e Stoudemire's 35-point night, crediting the best Knick since Patrick Ewing with "letting the action come to him."But then Frazier turned his thoughts to the one game that has been circled on all calendars since the schedule was released.Miami at Cleveland, Dec. 2."I would expect that LeBron will be booed every time he touches the ball," Frazier said. "I wouldn't expect anything less."The fans get to let him have it good because that's their right, but let's remember, Cleveland fans once saw Art Modell take their beloved Browns out of town, all the way to Baltimore. That was the ultimate slap in the face.What James did to his hometown team last July, leaving for Miami and doing it in such a classless manner, can't compare to what Modell did.But does it rank second? Probably. James was free to go, free to join Dwyane Wade and Chris Bosh in Miami on a super team that hasn't exactly worked out yet. This early, LeBron seems to have some big issues with his coach, Erik Spoelstra, and why Pat Riley hasn't come out and backed his coach publicly, telling his superstars to grow up and get with the program, is a mystery.But long before James' inner circle started a leak campaign to discredit Spoelstra, he totally botched his move to South Beach. Before "The Decision," he should have told Dan Gilbert, the Cavs owner who did everything to cater to his superstar, his family and his entourage, that he was going to Miami. He owed Gilbert that courtesy. And the whole decision to turn "The Decision" into prime-time TV event, well, if anyone didn't pan it by now, it's because he's a member of LeBron's crack advisory team.But here we are almost five months after James went on TV and he gets to go back home for the first time as a visiting player.You know who wants to be in his shoes Thursday night?No one.    Post a Comment » 
   Comments   See All Comments  [Discussion Guidelines ]  To post your comments, please, Sign in » . X           Show more comments         Ads by Yahoo!                Most Popular      Most Read   Most Shared      1   Tamerlan Tsarnaev was an amateur boxing champ     2   Smith: Injury plus years say Captain’s short stay is over     3   Giants schedule released: Another Manning Bowl     4   Lawrence: Who can REALLY beat the Heat?     5   Raissman: Kid makes Keith lose control of fastball     6   Baylor star & top WNBA pick acknowledges she’s gay     7   Rex Ryan is Raven mad about Orioles     8   The Matchups: Knicks, Celtics ready to rumble     9   The Matchups: Nets, Bulls throw down in Brooklyn     10   Tiger's ex-caddie says he should have been DQ'd         1   Smith: Injury plus years say Captain’s short stay is over     2   Tamerlan Tsarnaev was an amateur boxing champ     3   Raissman: Kid makes Keith lose control of fastball     4   Rex Ryan is Raven mad about Orioles     5   Yanks rally, but D'Backs prevail in extras     6   Lawrence: Who can REALLY beat the Heat?     7   Tiger's ex-caddie says he should have been DQ'd     8   Bossert's Aqueduct analysis: April 20     9   Lawrence: Scoring champ Melo needs to make his point     10   Giants schedule released: Another Manning Bowl                 Knicks Knation     The InterNets        Apr 19th, 11:51AM    Faced with missing playoff games, Kris Humphries reaches divorce settlement with Kim Kardashian: "Couldn't be happier!"     Kris Humphries and Kim Kardashian reached an agreement on a divorce settlement that will be finalized this morning, the Daily News as learned,            Apr 18th, 3:20PM    Amar'e Stoudemire unlikely to return for Celtics series says Knicks coach Mike Woodson     Amar'e Stoudemire (knee) was on the court briefly while the Knicks were shooting around in practice, but Woodson doesn't expect him to return          Editors' Picks    Celtics star Garnett gets Melo with his trash talk     Kevin Garnett was anything Friday but the trash talker that sent Carmelo Anthony into a post-game tizzy earlier this season. The Celtics forward only complimented the Knicks and their star player on the eve of Saturday's playoff opener between the longtime rivals.      Lawrence: Who can REALLY beat the Heat?     Dominant throughout the regular season, it’s Miami’s championship to lose when the NBA playoffs start this weekend. With LeBron James putting together another MVP-caliber season, which would be his fourth in the last five seasons, the Heat blew away the competition.

     The Matchups: Knicks, Celtics ready to rumble     Carmelo Anthony will have plenty of chances to confront Kevin Garnett without having to chase him all the way to the Boston Celtics’ team bus. In fact, Anthony and the Knicks are in position to send Garnett on an early vacation and place the futures of Garnett, Paul Pierce and Doc Rivers into the great unknown.     Smith: Injury plus years say Captain’s short stay is over     When Derek Jeter was helped off the field with a fractured left ankle by Joe Girardi and trainer Steve Donohue during Game 1 of the American League Championship Series last year, who would have thought we might never see him play shortstop at Yankee Stadium ever again?     Tiger's ex-caddie says he should have been DQ'd     Steve Williams, the caddie for Masters champion Adam Scott, has told 3 News New Zealand his old boss, Tiger Woods, should have been disqualified for signing an incorrect scorecard after his Dropgate incident on the 15th hole of Friday's round.     PHOTOS: Pat Summerall | 1930-2013     Pat Summerall, the NFL player-turned-broadcaster whose deep, resonant voice called games for more than 40 years, has dies on April 16, 2013 at the age of 82.     PHOTOS: Two explosions rock Boston Marathon finish line     Two explosions ripped through the finish line of the Boston Marathon on April 15, 2013. The euphoria of crossing the finish line turned into bloody chaos as two blasts rocked the end of the 26.2-mile trek.     PHOTOS: MLB celebrates 5th annual Jackie Robinson Day     Major League Baseball pays tribute to its biggest pioneer, the man who integrated baseball and stood up for racial equality, Jackie Robinson of the Brooklyn Dodgers     New York Jets Flight Crew tryouts 2013     Check out the hopeful women who flocked to the 2013 tryouts for the New York Jets Flight Crew. Some of these lucky ladies could be chosen for the professional cheerleading squad.     Golf WAGs wow at the 2013 Masters     As the world's greatest golfers prepare to tee off, see who's at the top of the leaderboard when it comes to the hottest wives and girlfriends in golf ...        Knicks Daily News Pix      The Daily News has all the legendary Knicks including Walt, Willis, Patrick and more. Get in-game action and behind-the-scenes photos of your favorite legendary Knickerbocker.    Buy a Photo      Sports Video



  

          





















Media Kit
Autos
Home Delivery
Newsletters
Businesses
Place an Ad
About our Ads
Contact Us
FAQ's
Feeds
Site Map




            Use of this website signifies your agreement to the Terms of Service and
            Privacy Policy. 
           
© Copyright 2013 NYDailyNews.com. All rights reserved.




 









   