BBC News - Scottish Coal cuts 590 jobs at mines in Ayrshire, Lanarkshire and Fife






       

                Accessibility links  Skip to content Skip to local navigation Accessibility Help      bbc.co.uk navigation   News   Sport   Weather   Travel   Future   Autos   TV   Radio   More…         Search term:             




Scotland business







Home
US & Canada
Latin America
UK
Africa
Asia
Europe
Mid-East
Business
Health
Sci/Environment
Tech
Entertainment
Video


England
Northern Ireland
Scotland
Wales
UK Politics
Education


























19 April 2013
Last updated at 17:25 ET


Share this page


Delicious


Digg


Facebook


reddit


StumbleUpon


Twitter


Email


Print





Scottish Coal cuts 590 jobs at mines in Ayrshire, Lanarkshire and Fife


Production has been stopped at Scottish Coal's six open cast mines


Continue reading the main story Related Stories


450 miners warned of jobs threat


Permission granted for loch draining


Protesters halt work at mine site



Almost 600 people have been made redundant, following the collapse of one of Scotland's biggest coal-mining companies. 
Directors of Scottish Coal have put the firm into administration.
Its six open cast mines in East Ayrshire, South Lanarkshire and Fife have stopped production.
Falling coal prices and rising operational costs have been blamed for causing losses and "significant cash flow pressures".
Administrators have retained 142 staff while they consider what to do with the company's assets.
Scottish Coal is part of the Scottish Resources Group which announced last month that 450 staff were being put on notice of redundancy.
A fellow subsidiary company, Castlebridge Plant Limited (CPL), has also been placed in administration.
Together with CPL, Scottish Coal employed 732 people.
Announcing a total of 590 redundancies, administrators said that despite significant efforts in recent months, the company had been unable to secure the level of investment required to enable the business to continue. 
'Very disappointing'
Joint provisional liquidator, Blair Nimmo, of KPMG, said: "In light of Scottish Coal's poor trading and financial position, we have had to cease trading with immediate effect.

Continue reading the main story “Start Quote
We will be working with the employees and the relevant government agencies to ensure that the full range of support is available to all those affected”
End Quote
Blair Nimmo
Joint provisional liquidator, KPMG
 "It is extremely regrettable that we have had to make so many redundancies but have been left with no other option.
"We would like to thank staff for their co-operation through this difficult process. We will be working with the employees and the relevant government agencies to ensure that the full range of support is available to all those affected."
The administrators will now look to secure the sale of certain sites as well as the company's key assets in the coming weeks. 
Mr Nimmo added: "It is still possible that mining operations will continue and offer future employment prospects for at least some of the people who have lost their jobs today."
Energy Minister Fergus Ewing described the job losses as "very disappointing".
He added: "We have been working closely with the company and the coal sector over the past year, and have sought to provide all support that is within our power to do. 
"Our efforts are directed towards the objective of seeking to continue the mining operations and the preservation of the jobs in Scotland and ensuring the responsible restoration of sites."
'Devastating blow'
Mr Ewing said the Scottish government would work with the administrators and "do everything that can be practically done, in order to secure the continued operations of the SRG business into the future on a sustainable basis".
He said local response teams would also provide tailored employment help and support to those affected.
Labour's Shadow Energy Minister Tom Greatrex said: "This is a devastating blow for the workers and their families, and the way in which they were apparently informed is far from appropriate.
"Whilst the immediate priority must be the substantial job losses announced today, this will also have implications for our energy security.
"Today alone coal has produced almost 40% of the UK's electricity, leaving many questions about how this gap will be filled in by imported coal in the short term and replaced by other sources in coming years."




More on This Story


Related Stories



450 miners warned of jobs threat

07 MARCH 2013,                                                
                                                SCOTLAND BUSINESS



Permission granted for loch draining

12 FEBRUARY 2013,                                                
                                                EDINBURGH, FIFE & EAST SCOTLAND



Protesters halt work at mine site

14 JULY 2012,                                                
                                                GLASGOW & WEST SCOTLAND



Protest camp set up at mine site

12 JULY 2012,                                                
                                                GLASGOW & WEST SCOTLAND






Related Internet links


Scottish Resources Group


Scottish government



The BBC is not responsible for the content of external Internet sites





Share this page


Delicious


Digg


Facebook


reddit


StumbleUpon


Twitter


Email


Print
















More Scotland business stories
RSS




Green steps down from Rangers role

Charles Green tells the Rangers board he intends to leave his chief executive role "with immediate effect".



Care firm bought over in £22.5m deal




Visitor numbers fall in Scotland












Top stories



Boston marathon 'bomber' captured


As it happened: Manhunt for Boston suspect


Serbia and Kosovo in landmark accord


Venezuela's Nicolas Maduro sworn in


Texas explosion deaths rise to 14









Features & Analysis




Forgotten village 

The community in limbo, with no police, bank or doctor  	
				  




Pipe dreams

How is it possible to build a tunnel for large ships? 	
				  




BP's Deepwater Horizon, three years on

A new way to explore the story in video 	
				  




Day in pictures

Twenty-four hours of news photos from around the world 	
				  






Most Popular
Shared




1: Tributes to Floyd artist Thorgerson



2: Huge manhunt for Boston bomb suspect



3: Updates: Manhunt for Boston suspect



4: 'Most Earth-like' worlds detected



5: Tanzania's Maasai battle game hunters for grazing land



Read




1: Gunfire heard amid Boston manhunt



2: Earthquake strikes Sichuan, China



3: Updates: Manhunt for Boston suspect



4: Profile: The Tsarnaev brothers 



5: Boston: Internet detectives get it wrong



6: Who, what, why: Why build a ship tunnel?



7: Muslim Americans await the bomber's ID 



8: In pictures: Boston manhunt



9: Texas explosion deaths rise to 14



10: Day in pictures: 19 April 2013



Video/Audio




1: Second Boston bomber suspect in custody Watch



2: Crowds cheer police as suspect captured Watch



3: Boston suspects' father speaks out Watch



4: Shots fired in Boston bomber manhunt Watch



5: 'We're exhausted, but have a victory' Watch



6: Huge Chicago sinkhole swallows cars Watch



7: Boston Muslims react to marathon bombs Watch



8: Water wars: US states fight over Rio Grande River Watch



9: Huge manhunt for Boston bomb suspect Watch



10: Smart glasses and other tech news Watch












Elsewhere on the BBC



Scrubbing the skies 

Is capturing atmospheric carbon the most important thing we can do to save our planet? 















Programmes



Click Watch

Google reveals more about its smart glasses plus other tech news




















Services

 Mobile
 Connected TV
 News feeds
 Alerts
 E-mail news



About BBC News

Editors' blog
BBC College of Journalism
News sources
Media Action
Editorial Guidelines




    BBC links    Mobile siteTerms of UseAbout the BBC     Advertise With UsPrivacyBBC Help     Ad ChoicesCookiesAccessibility Help     Parental GuidanceContact Us       BBC © 2013 The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read more. This page is best viewed in an up-to-date web browser with style sheets (CSS) enabled. While you will be able to view the content of this page in your current browser, you will not be able to get the full visual experience. Please consider upgrading your browser software or enabling style sheets (CSS) if you are able to do so.  








































    





