Huge Blast at Texas Fertilizer Plant Kills at Least 5 - NYTimes.com




Subscribe:

Digital / Home Delivery


Log In
Register Now
Help



Home Page
Today's Paper
Video
Most Popular



Edition: U.S. / Global








Search All NYTimes.com












U.S.





World
 
U.S.
PoliticsEducationTexas 
N.Y. / Region
 
Business
 
Technology
 
Science
 
Health
 
Sports
 
Opinion
 
Arts
 
Style
 
Travel
 
Jobs
 
Real Estate
 
Autos














Plant Explosion Tears at the Heart of a Texas Town 




LM Otero/Associated Press
Emergency personnel conducting a search on Thursday of an apartment complex destroyed by an explosion the day before at a fertilizer plant in West, Tex. 

 

By 

MANNY FERNANDEZ and 
JOHN SCHWARTZ

Published: April 18, 2013    













WEST, Tex. — The blast was so powerful that the United States Geological Survey registered it as a 2.1-magnitude earthquake. It reduced an apartment complex to a charred skeleton, leveled homes in a five-block radius and burned with such intensity that railroad tracks were fused. It killed up to 15 people and injured up to 180. Volunteer firefighters were missing. Residents of a nursing home were pulled from debris and rushed to hospitals.        



  
 Multimedia






Map



Site of Fertilizer Plant Explosion











Search for Victims in Texas Explosion



Search for Victims in Texas Explosion







Close Video



See More Videos »



 


Related



Death Toll Rises to 12 After Texas Blast
(April 20, 2013)




The Lede: Video of Texas Fertilizer Plant Explosion
(April 17, 2013)







Connect With Us on Twitter
Follow @NYTNational for breaking news and headlines.
 Twitter List: Reporters and Editors




Enlarge This Image










Larry W. Smith/European Pressphoto Agency
The remains of the plant. The authorities say there is no indication of criminal activity in the explosion, which followed a fire.                            




By Thursday evening, one day after a fertilizer plant here caught fire and then exploded, no one among the hundreds of local, state and federal officials and first responders who converged on this town north of Waco was certain about the cause. They only knew its effect.        
“There are homes that are no longer homes,” said Sgt. W. Patrick Swanton, a spokesman for the Waco Police Department, who toured the streets near the plant at 10 p.m. Wednesday, about two hours after the blast. “The apartment complex was roughly a 50-unit apartment complex. As you look at the front of that complex, you can see inside the apartments. Walls were ripped off, the roof was peeled back.”        
A day later, it took the descriptive skills of survivors and emergency workers to get a sense of the true scope of the devastation — the authorities prohibited anyone not involved in the search-and-rescue effort from entering the area around the plant and even put a no-fly zone restriction on the airspace overhead.        
But what became clear was that the explosion had destroyed a significant piece of a small town in the center of Texas, damaging up to 75 homes and setting off an extensive, meticulous search for survivors in the rubble of the plant and the surrounding buildings. The smoke that wafted over them seemed out of place in this green, cattle-rich area locally known as the boyhood backyard of the country singer Willie Nelson.        
A spokesman for the F.B.I. in San Antonio said Thursday there had been no indication of criminal activity in the West plant explosion.        
The authorities said they believed that at least 5 people and perhaps as many as 15 had died, though they said that number could rise. Three to five members of the West Volunteer Fire Department and those of other towns remained missing. They had responded to a fire that broke out at the plant about 7:30 p.m. Wednesday, and were fighting the blaze when the blast occurred about 7:50 p.m.        
“The explosion came very quickly,” Sergeant Swanton said. “They knew the threat. They knew the seriousness of the situation they were in. They immediately started moving to an evacuation process, absolutely doing the right thing to try and get people out of harm’s way.”        
Perry Calvin, 37, a married father of two with a third on the way, was one of the missing volunteer firefighters. He had been attending an emergency medical technician class in West on Wednesday evening when a firefighter in the class got a page about the fire at the fertilizer company, said his father, Phil Calvin.        
Perry Calvin and another man drove to the scene together and got there before the explosion. The other man was found dead Wednesday night.        
“It doesn’t look good, but we don’t have anything confirmed yet,” Phil Calvin, the fire chief in the town of Navarro Mills, said Thursday afternoon. About an hour after he spoke those words, he got the news, sitting by the phone at his home in nearby Frost: his son was indeed among the dead.        
Perry Calvin was not even a firefighter with the West department. He volunteered with another department in a nearby town, but had rushed to the scene to help, because he happened to be close. He is the kind of person who would be right at the head of the line, his father said. “He would do what he could to put the fire out or help find people.”        
Law enforcement officials said they had not determined the cause of either the fire or the explosion, and were focusing on the search for survivors. The blast occurred two days before the anniversary of the bombing of the Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building in Oklahoma City, an attack set off by explosives made from fertilizer that killed 168 people on April 19, 1995. And it happened two days after bombs exploded at the finish line at the Boston Marathon.        
The White House issued a statement from President Obama, in which he pledged that the Federal Emergency Management Agency and other federal agencies would join state and local efforts “to make sure there are no unmet needs as search and rescue and response operations continue.”        
Gov. Rick Perry called the explosion “a truly nightmare scenario” and said that information about death and injury is “very preliminary.” But he said that because of the size of West — the population is 2,700 — “this tragedy has most likely hit every family.”        
“It has touched practically everybody in that town,” he added. Mr. Obama, the governor said, had phoned him from Air Force One, while on his way to Boston, to offer his support.        
The response by federal officials echoed that of some of the country’s deadliest bombings, fires and acts of terrorism. The federal Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives sent a 20-member national response team of explosives specialists, chemists and other experts, as had been done after the Oklahoma City bombing and the attack on the Pentagon on Sept. 11, 2001. The Chemical Safety Board, the federal entity that investigates chemical disasters, said that it had sent an investigative team to the site.        
The plant, the West Chemical and Fertilizer Company, which is owned by Adair Grain Inc., had only nine employees. It did not manufacture any products, but instead stored and sold agricultural chemicals and fertilizer to farmers. The company stored substantial amounts of chemicals used as commercial fertilizers that can become explosive under proper conditions: anhydrous ammonia and ammonium nitrate.        
Anhydrous ammonia is stored as a liquid in pressurized tanks, and farmers inject it into the soil, where it vaporizes into a colorless, corrosive gas. Ammonium nitrate is usually sold in granular form, and was used in the Oklahoma City bombing. A filing late last year with the Environmental Protection Agency stated that the company stored 540,000 pounds of ammonium nitrate on the site and 110,000 pounds of anhydrous ammonia.        
Records kept by the federal Occupational Safety and Health Administration show that the last time the agency inspected the plant was 28 years ago. In that inspection, dated Feb. 13, 1985, the agency found five “serious” violations, including ones involving improper storage and handling of anhydrous ammonia and improper respiratory protection for workers. The agency imposed a $30 penalty on the company.        
Last June, the company was fined $5,250 by the federal Department of Transportation’s Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration for violations involving anhydrous ammonia. An investigator reported the violations following an inspection of the plant in September 2011, and the agency later determined that the company had corrected the violations.        
An OSHA spokesman said the plant was not included in its so-called National Emphasis Plan for inspections because it did not produce explosives, had no major prior accidents and the E.P.A. did not rate it as a major risk.        
Zak Covar, the executive director of the Texas Commission on Environmental Quality, said the company had been in business since 1962 and was one of a number of small fertilizer companies across rural Texas. The company has “an average compliance history,” with one air-quality complaint registered. In that episode, on June 9, 2006, according to state records, residents complained to the commission about the “ammonia smell” that was “very bad last night.”        
That occurrence was investigated by the agency and resolved with the granting of two air permits to the company by the end of that year, Mr. Covar said.        
Because it was built in 1962, the facility was grandfathered in to state regulations, Mr. Covar said. The company was supposed to get reauthorized in 2004, but failed to do so. Mr. Covar would not speculate on the reason.        
The disaster began with a smaller fire at the plant, which sits off Interstate 35. Videos posted online showed a large fire, visible from hundreds of yards away, followed by a fireball that blasted high into the sky and set fires burning into the night and smoldering until late morning.        
At one Waco hospital, Hillcrest Baptist Medical Center, 28 people were admitted, including 5 who were in intensive care.        
Danny Kaluza, 53, a wheat and corn farmer, was talking to some friends in a gasoline station on Main Street at the moment of the explosion. The blast blew the door of the station open. Mr. Kaluza described, as other local witnesses did, the mushroom-shaped cloud that rose in the sky.        
“It was a loud noise, and after the noise there was a concussion-like wave of pressure that blew through the town,” he said.         
Manny Fernandez reported from West, and John Schwartz from New York. Reporting was contributed by Clifford Krauss in West; Emma G. Fitzsimmons, Christine Hauser, Henry Fountain and Ravi Somaiya in New York; Steven Greenhouse in Austin, Tex.; and Ian Urbina in Washington. 
 











A version of this article appeared in print on April 19, 2013, on page A1 of the New York edition with the headline: Blast at Plant Tears at Heart Of Texas Town.




 










Try unlimited access to NYTimes.com for just 99¢.  SEE OPTIONS »














Get Free E-mail Alerts on These Topics












West (Tex)






Explosions








Fertilizer






West Chemical and Fertilizer Co








 











 

 






 

 

 



 

 




Measuring college prestige vs. price


      Also in Business »
      


Blackstone drops out of the bidding for Dell
Why "innovate or die" is a lie










 



 








 













 

            Inside NYTimes.com        








Fashion & Style » 



Weddings and Celebrations





Magazine »




Waking Up on the Wrong Side of a Ratings War





Theater »




Video Feature: Making ‘Magic’ New in ‘Pippin’




Sunday Review »
Sunday Dialogue: Our Energy Future
Readers discuss whether natural gas from shale is a promising resource or misguided risk.





Television » 



Amy Schumer’s New Show, From the Inside





Sunday Review » 



Sebastião Salgado: In Love With My Planet





Movies »




Michael Bay Is Putting Away His Toys





Travel »




Europe, in 9 Walks




Sunday Review »
Editorial: Moving Ahead With Common Core
Student test scores will fall at first when more rigorous state tests are used, but the long-term payoff is what matters.





Art & Design »




Like Half the National Gallery in Your Backyard





Sunday Review » 



The Strip: 12 Months of Boston





Books »




Chicago Manuals












© 2013 The New York Times Company
Site Map
Privacy
Your Ad Choices
Advertise
Terms of Sale
Terms of Service
Work With Us
RSS
Help
Contact Us
Site Feedback









