Texas fertilizer plant explosion: A living 'nightmare,' governor says - latimes.com











Membership Services


Jobs


Cars


Real Estate


Subscribe


Rentals


Weekly Circulars


Custom Publishing


Place Ad





 





Nation





HOME


Breaking


Photos


Video


Crime


Obituaries


Weather


Traffic


Crosswords


Sudoku


Horoscopes


Apps




Local


L.A. Now


Politics


Crime


Education


O.C.


Westside


Neighborhoods


Environment


Obituaries


Data & Maps




U.S.


Politics


Nation Now


Politics Now


Top of the Ticket


Science


Science Now


Obituaries


Religion




World


World Now


Afghanistan war


Africa


Americas


Asia


Europe


Middle East




Business


Money & Co.


Technology


Highway 1


Company Town


Personal Finance


Jobs


Real Estate


Cars




Sports


Sports now


Lakers


Clippers


Dodgers


Angels


NFL


Kings


NHL/Ducks


USC


UCLA


Preps


Scores




Entertainment


Awards: The Envelope


Movies


TV


Music


Celebrity


Arts & Culture


Industry


Critics' Picks


Comics




Health


Booster Shots


Science Now


Medicine


Fitness & Nutrition


Mental Health


Health Reform




Living


Home


Food


Image


Books


L.A. Affairs


Comics


Reader Photos




Travel


SoCal


California


Mexico


Hawaii


Las Vegas


Europe


Asia


Australia


Travel & Deal Blog




Opinion


Editorials


Op-Ed


Letters


Opinion L.A.


Readers' Rep


Endorsements




Shop


Weekly Circulars


Offers & Deals


Coupons


Daily Deals


Travel Offers


LA Times Product


Sports Gear


Photos




Membership Services


Jobs


Cars


Real Estate


Subscribe


Rentals


Weekly Circulars


Custom Publishing


Place Ad












TRENDING NOW


Boston bombings


Texas explosion


Festival of Books


Monrovia fire


Bird Flu


Coachella
























Advanced Search



Advanced Search
X







include all of these words: 
include any of these words: 
include this exact phrase: 
exclude: 

 Select a date range


this week
past 30 days
past 3 months
past year




 Create a custom date range

From: 
To: 




















Texas fertilizer plant explosion: A living 'nightmare,' governor says











Comments

3






















                                            A smashed car sits in front of an apartment complex destroyed by an explosion at a fertilizer plant in West, Texas. Frefighters conduct search and rescue operations.
                                                (LM Otero / Associated Press / April 18, 2013)








Also


Graphic: Effects on the body



Photos: Fertilizer plant explosion near Waco, Texas



West Fertilizer Co. explosion: Before and after



Interactive graphic: West, Texas, explosion site



Video: Texas plant explosion caught on tape



Interactive map: Location of Texas explosion






By John M. Glionna and Monte Morin
April 18, 2013, 1:43 p.m.




WEST, Texas -- Gov. Rick Perry on Thursday called for the prayers of all Americans as he described “a nightmare scenario” in this small town where a fertilizer plant explosion injured about 160 and killed an unknown number in a blast so powerful houses were knocked from foundations.

Earlier Thursday, officials estimated that between five and 15 people had been killed, including first responders. But Perry said he "was not comfortable" releasing the number of dead as search and rescue operations were underway. At least 75 houses, a nursing home and a middle school were damaged or destroyed.
The force propelled residents through windows, shattered glass and collapsed roofs within a half-mile radius.
In the moments after the Wednesday night explosion at West Fertilizer Co., 911 dispatchers pleaded for help for downed firefighters, summoning assistance from nearby agencies and directing fire trucks and other responders.
“Y’all have anybody available; I am requesting you. They have firefighters down,” says a woman at the start of 24 minutes of harrowing dispatch audio.
A responder calls from a senior living facility, describing it as “institutionally damaged.”
“We have many people down,” he said. “Police, please respond.”
Brett Esrock, chief executive of the Providence Healthcare Network, which includes the Providence Health Center in Waco, Texas, treated 65 patients, admitting 15. He said many of the injured would probably be released soon. Patients were “obviously shaken up,” he said, with injuries including abrasions, lacerations, head injuries, broken bones and breathing problems.
Perry declared McLennan County a disaster area. State and local emergency workers, including the Texas National Guard, converged on the town of 2,800. Perry noted that many West residents had aided neighbors who were displaced or injured in the explosion. “In a small town like West, they know that this tragedy has most likely hit every family,” Perry said at an Austin news conference. “It touches practically everyone in that town. So I ask all Texans and Americans to join me and Anita in keeping them in our prayers.”The explosion roughly 20 miles north of Waco erupted as firefighters battled a blaze at the plant. The eruption registered as a 2.1 magnitude earthquake, according to the U.S. Geological Survey, and sent up a massive plume of smoke that could be seen up to 45 miles away.  Texas emergency officials are still unsure what caused the blast, and a special response team of the Bureau of Alcohol Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives has been sent to the site.
McLennan County Sheriff Parnell McNamara said more than 200 law enforcement officers from throughout Texas were attempting to recover bodies from the debris and rescue possible survivors. McNamara, who has been sheriff for only four months, said he wouldn’t have a full count of the dead and missing until later Thursday.
“This is heartbreaking. There’s no other way to describe it,” he said. “The devastation was unbelievable.”
President Obama called Perry from Air Force One to offer his prayers, as well as any federal resources that were necessary.
“We greatly appreciate his call and his gracious offer of support,” Perry said.West was settled, in part, by Czech immigrants and roughly three-quarters of its residents share Czech ancestry, prompting the Czech Republic’s ambassador to the U.S. to travel to the town to offer help, according to the embassy.
“Our ambassador is going there to find out what our country can do to help the community there,” said embassy spokesman Martin Pizinger, adding that the explosion dominated headlines in the Czech Republic.
West, like many towns in this part of Texas, as well as parts of Nebraska, Iowa, Illinois and Wisconsin, saw an inflow of Czech immigrants in the late 19th and early 20th century, Pizinger said. 
By early Thursday, even before emergency crews arrived, residents had begun helping each other dig out from the rubble. Restaurants served meals free of charge, while residents open their doors to those who were displaced. “We’re a tiny town,” said Mimi Montgomery Irwin, a local business owner. “Everyone is stretching themselves to the max.”Irwin’s restaurant, Village Bakery -- a 61-year-old Czech institution in the city’s downtown -- sits half a mile from the blast’s epicenter. From her window, she’s seen a steady procession of trucks carrying plywood, glass and plumbing equipment to help repair damaged structures. Irwin’s overnight employees were baking kolaches, a Czech pastry, when the blast struck. Now they are handing them out for free -- along with everything else they serve-- to rescue crews.Resident Cindy Horn said she felt the windows rattle and the earth shake Wednesday night, and knew people would need a place to stay. Horn drove to Latham Springs Camp and Retreat Center, where she is the director of guest services, and spent the night getting beds and rooms ready. The sprawling, grassy campus of dorms and cabins can house 850 people. More than 12 hours later, Horn said, no one had come looking for a place to stay.“We figure many folks are still in the hospital,” Horn said. “Everybody else is with friends and family.”
ALSO:
Emergency dispatcher call for help
Videos point to suspects in Boston Marathon bombings
Ex-judge and his wife charges with killing Texas prosecutors





Copyright © 2013, Los Angeles Times












Comments

3





















 












Comments (3)
Add / View comments | Discussion FAQ




RSFReader at 4:39 PM April 18, 2013
					
					
                Gov. Perry brags that "Texas won't have regulators on your back" when he attempts to convince businesses to relocate to Texas.40 + dead people and their families and friends must love the Gov.'s policy of freedom from regulation for businesses.



Vlad Lenin at 2:45 PM April 18, 2013
					
					
                How's that deregulation thing working out for ya, Ricky?



Vlad Lenin at 2:43 PM April 18, 2013
					
					
                Now That He Needs Disaster Relief, Barack Obama Is Rick Perry’s New Best Friendhttp://www.politicususa.com/disaster-relief-barack-obama-rick-perrys-friend.html
















Comments are filtered for language and registration is required. The Times makes no guarantee of comments' factual accuracy. Readers may report inappropriate comments by clicking the Report Abuse link next to a comment. Here are the full legal terms you agree to by using this comment form.



















Connect







Recommended on Facebook






















Follow @latimes










Advertisement








Your Hosts


As an editor and reporter, Michael Muskal has covered local, national, economic and foreign issues at three newspapers, including the Los Angeles Times.  @latimesmuskal

Matt Pearce, a University of Missouri graduate, has previously written for the Kansas City Star, the Los Angeles Review of Books, The New Inquiry and The Pitch. @mattdpearce

























Photos: Coachella music festival: Weekend 2






 Plaschke: Lakers playoff vibe could mean bad things






After a long fall, Antelope Valley is back on upswing






Boston bombings: Social media spirals out of control







































Photos of the Week
More »




























Most Viewed
Latest News















In immigrant-rich Cambridge, arrest baffles locals
04/21/2013, 12:28 a.m.


Arrest capped an extraordinary day for Watertown police
04/21/2013, 12:24 a.m.


An outpouring in West after explosion at fertilizer plant
04/21/2013, 12:05 a.m.


Gun legislation failure dismays survivor of Texas mass shooting
04/21/2013, 12:00 a.m.


Clippers' Jamal Crawford is at mission control in playoff opener
04/21/2013, 12:00 a.m.



















In immigrant-rich Cambridge, arrest baffles locals
 - L.A. Times - National News
04/21/2013, 12:28 a.m.


Arrest capped an extraordinary day for Watertown police
 - L.A. Times - National News
04/21/2013, 12:24 a.m.


An outpouring in West after explosion at fertilizer plant
 - L.A. Times - National News
04/21/2013, 12:05 a.m.


Two more in a wave of Dodgers losses
 - L.A. Times - Sports
04/21/2013, 12:05 a.m.


Connecticut gun makers demand apology from governor
 - L.A. Times - National News
04/21/2013, 12:00 a.m.






























Video













 












Timeline: The hunt for the Boston bombing suspects





L.A. Walks: Santa Monica Beach, with a power-up option





Mobile guide: Coachella 2013 On-the-go 





Photos:  Rock and Roll Hall of Fame 2013 ceremony 





Photos:  Kelley Blue Book's 10 best 'green' cars for 2013 



















Corrections




The Envelope




Media Kit




About Us




Contact Us




Site Map














Burbank Leader
Coastline Pilot
Daily Pilot
Huntington Beach Independent
News Press
Pasadena Sun
Valley Sun
KTLA
Hoy


Baltimore Sun
Chicago Tribune
Daily Press
Hartford Courant
Los Angeles Times
Orlando Sentinel
Sun Sentinel
The Morning Call


Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
About Our Ads
Copyright 2013










A Tribune Newspaper website







































