11 first responders among the dead in Texas fertilizer explosion - latimes.com











Membership Services


Jobs


Cars


Real Estate


Subscribe


Rentals


Weekly Circulars


Custom Publishing


Place Ad





 





Nation





HOME


Breaking


Photos


Video


Crime


Obituaries


Weather


Traffic


Crosswords


Sudoku


Horoscopes


Apps




Local


L.A. Now


Politics


Crime


Education


O.C.


Westside


Neighborhoods


Environment


Obituaries


Data & Maps




U.S.


Politics


Nation Now


Politics Now


Top of the Ticket


Science


Science Now


Obituaries


Religion




World


World Now


Afghanistan war


Africa


Americas


Asia


Europe


Middle East




Business


Money & Co.


Technology


Highway 1


Company Town


Personal Finance


Jobs


Real Estate


Cars




Sports


Sports now


Lakers


Clippers


Dodgers


Angels


NFL


Kings


NHL/Ducks


USC


UCLA


Preps


Scores




Entertainment


Awards: The Envelope


Movies


TV


Music


Celebrity


Arts & Culture


Industry


Critics' Picks


Comics




Health


Booster Shots


Science Now


Medicine


Fitness & Nutrition


Mental Health


Health Reform




Living


Home


Food


Image


Books


L.A. Affairs


Comics


Reader Photos




Travel


SoCal


California


Mexico


Hawaii


Las Vegas


Europe


Asia


Australia


Travel & Deal Blog




Opinion


Editorials


Op-Ed


Letters


Opinion L.A.


Readers' Rep


Endorsements




Shop


Weekly Circulars


Offers & Deals


Coupons


Daily Deals


Travel Offers


LA Times Product


Sports Gear


Photos




Membership Services


Jobs


Cars


Real Estate


Subscribe


Rentals


Weekly Circulars


Custom Publishing


Place Ad












TRENDING NOW


Boston bombings


Texas explosion


Festival of Books


Monrovia fire


Bird Flu


Coachella
























Advanced Search



Advanced Search
X







include all of these words: 
include any of these words: 
include this exact phrase: 
exclude: 

 Select a date range


this week
past 30 days
past 3 months
past year




 Create a custom date range

From: 
To: 




















11 first responders among the dead in Texas fertilizer explosion











Comments

1



















1
2
next
|   single page



A man in the town of West, Texas, was in his home when the roof collasped from a huge explosion at a fertilizer plant.


By Cindy Carcamo and Frank Shyong
April 18, 2013, 6:48 p.m.




WEST, Texas -- Officials confirmed Thursday that 11 first responders were among the dead in a massive explosion at a fertilizer plant that injured at least 160 and devastated a section of this small town.

State public safety officials have declined to specify how many people were killed in the explosion.
Tom Muska, mayor of West, said early in the day that he feared the death toll could be as high as 35 to 40, “because they are unaccounted for and still missing.”
Later in the evening Muska revised his estimate to about 14 after crews had searched 80% of the damaged homes and 75% of the apartments. 
"It's still hard to tell. It's going to be a much lower number than previously guessed," he said. "We tried to find out where everyone is, but it's hard with the chaos."
The State Firemen’s and Fire Marshals’ Assn. of Texas released a statement late Thursday afternoon saying that six firefighters were killed, as were four emergency medical services workers and another first responder whose affiliation has not been determined.
Among those mourning the loss of firefighters was Bryce Reed, 31, the incident commander at West Emergency Medical Services. 
Reed said he and a close friend and fellow firefighter were among the first to respond to the fire at the plant that preceded the explosion. He said he was soon ordered to another position, while his friend stayed behind. 
“A bomb went off in all of our lives,” Reed said. “How do you recover from something like this?”
Survivors of the fertilizer plant explosion painted a graphic portrait of the sudden violence Wednesday night, as a stockpile of fertilizing chemicals erupted in a fiery blast the size of a small earthquake.
“In an instant, families have been ripped apart,” Texas Atty. Gen. Greg Abbott said.  “But these are tough Texans, and … in the coming months and years these Texans will piece their lives back together.” 
The explosion occurred just after 8 p.m. Wednesday and flattened about one-fifth or more of the small town of 2,800 residents. As agents with the federal Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives combed the scene for clues into the cause of the blast, search-and-rescue crews used sniffer dogs in a painstaking hunt for survivors.
Rescue efforts were complicated by the need to shore up structures that could collapse on rescuers or the injured. The presence of ammonium nitrate at the devastated West Fertilizer Co. facility -- which may have ignited the blast -- posed a risk to investigators.
“The area where the incident occurred is highly populated, it is a neighborhood, it is devastated, it is still a very volatile situation,” said Matt Cawthon, chief deputy of the McLennan County Sheriff’s Department.
The explosion rocked the earth and then plunged much of the town into darkness, residents said. Many rushed to the blast site, which is near a middle school, a nursing home and an apartment complex.
Mimi Montgomery Irwin, 68, was watching television when she heard a noise like “a supersonic boom in my backyard.” She was immediately knocked to the ground and her TV went dark. When she went outside she saw a mushroom cloud blooming against a yellow-pink sky.
“It was truly surreal,” Montgomery Irwin said.
West residents were quick to pitch in. Muska, the mayor, said many lined up to donate blood and helped evacuate elderly residents at the West Rest Haven senior living center.
Businesses and churches opened their doors to people displaced by explosion, but most beds have stayed empty—a testament to the generosity of a tight-knit community.  Many evacuees found lodging with friends or family members, shelter operators said.
“Many of the West people are family-oriented and depend on one another,” said Bev Marrow, the secretary at Church of the Open Door in nearby Bellmead. “It’s a tiny town, but it stretches out pretty far because everybody knows everybody.”
Authorities say they have yet to determine the cause of the blast. Chemists say the explosion could have been caused by either of two chemicals that are commonly used for fertilizer -- ammonia gas or the more well-known explosive, ammonium nitrate.
Neal Langerman, principal chemist with Advanced Chemical Safety, a San Diego industrial consulting firm, said the initial fire could easily have caused anhydrous ammonia gas to explode catastrophically.





Copyright © 2013, Los Angeles Times



1
2
next
|   single page













Comments

1





















 












Comments (1)
Add / View comments | Discussion FAQ




don9mm at 8:14 PM April 18, 2013
					
					
                So, will Obama be doing a photo op to console the victims?Will he fly family members to DC to lobby Congress to make industrial facilities safer?Will he issue executive orders to agency heads to better enforce safety protocols, oversight and inspections?Nope. Didn't think so.
















Comments are filtered for language and registration is required. The Times makes no guarantee of comments' factual accuracy. Readers may report inappropriate comments by clicking the Report Abuse link next to a comment. Here are the full legal terms you agree to by using this comment form.



















Connect







Recommended on Facebook






















Follow @latimes










Advertisement








Your Hosts


As an editor and reporter, Michael Muskal has covered local, national, economic and foreign issues at three newspapers, including the Los Angeles Times.  @latimesmuskal

Matt Pearce, a University of Missouri graduate, has previously written for the Kansas City Star, the Los Angeles Review of Books, The New Inquiry and The Pitch. @mattdpearce

























Photos: Coachella music festival: Weekend 2






 Plaschke: Lakers playoff vibe could mean bad things






After a long fall, Antelope Valley is back on upswing






Boston bombings: Social media spirals out of control







































Photos of the Week
More »




























Most Viewed
Latest News















In immigrant-rich Cambridge, arrest baffles locals
04/21/2013, 12:28 a.m.


Arrest capped an extraordinary day for Watertown police
04/21/2013, 12:24 a.m.


An outpouring in West after explosion at fertilizer plant
04/21/2013, 12:05 a.m.


Gun legislation failure dismays survivor of Texas mass shooting
04/21/2013, 12:00 a.m.


Clippers' Jamal Crawford is at mission control in playoff opener
04/21/2013, 12:00 a.m.



















In immigrant-rich Cambridge, arrest baffles locals
 - L.A. Times - National News
04/21/2013, 12:28 a.m.


Arrest capped an extraordinary day for Watertown police
 - L.A. Times - National News
04/21/2013, 12:24 a.m.


An outpouring in West after explosion at fertilizer plant
 - L.A. Times - National News
04/21/2013, 12:05 a.m.


Two more in a wave of Dodgers losses
 - L.A. Times - Sports
04/21/2013, 12:05 a.m.


Connecticut gun makers demand apology from governor
 - L.A. Times - National News
04/21/2013, 12:00 a.m.






























Video













 












Timeline: The hunt for the Boston bombing suspects





L.A. Walks: Santa Monica Beach, with a power-up option





Mobile guide: Coachella 2013 On-the-go 





Photos:  Rock and Roll Hall of Fame 2013 ceremony 





Photos:  Kelley Blue Book's 10 best 'green' cars for 2013 



















Corrections




The Envelope




Media Kit




About Us




Contact Us




Site Map














Burbank Leader
Coastline Pilot
Daily Pilot
Huntington Beach Independent
News Press
Pasadena Sun
Valley Sun
KTLA
Hoy


Baltimore Sun
Chicago Tribune
Daily Press
Hartford Courant
Los Angeles Times
Orlando Sentinel
Sun Sentinel
The Morning Call


Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
About Our Ads
Copyright 2013










A Tribune Newspaper website







































