VIDEO: Footage shows deadly blast at fertilizer plant fire near Waco, Texas - NY Daily News 











                  Sunday, April 21, 2013  NYDailyNews.com /    U.S         Follow @nydailynews        


Jobs


Classifieds


Contests


Reader Offers


Home Delivery


Services


Apps

   Search Field      site   web   blogs  Powered by Yahoo   
   Daily News  
   America    New York      News     More of News :   U.S     World     Desi     2013 NYC Elections     Crime     The Week     News Pics     Blogs       Politics   Sports     Showbiz     Opinion     Living     Photos     Video    Autos    
          U.S     
  VIDEO: Footage shows deadly blast at fertilizer plant fire near Waco, Texas As many as 15 people are presumed dead and more than 160 injured after a massive fertilizer plant fire explosion. The blast could be felt about 50 miles away from the site in the small city of West, Texas.     By   Erik Ortiz     / NEW YORK DAILY NEWS    Published: Thursday, April 18, 2013, 7:37 AM  Updated: Thursday, April 18, 2013, 10:54 AM                 Print            Print  Comment             A man several hundred yards from the scene of a fertilizer plant fire captured the blaze from his car in West, Texas.    
	Terrifying footage shows the epic explosion that consumed a Texas fertilizer plant already on fire and rocked the surrounding area.

	Derrick Hurtt took the video from a car parked a short a distance from the inferno, where crews were battling the massive blaze around 7:50 p.m. local time Wednesday  — and right as the sudden blast leveled a residential neighborhood in the small city of West.

	As many as 15 people, including firefighters and EMS workers, are presumed dead and more than 160 others injured, officials said Thursday. Rescue crews continued searching through charred rubble for survivors.

	In the minute-long clip, flames and smoke are seen spewing out of the West Fertilizer Co., located about 20 miles north of Waco. Then, without warning, a blast shoots from the building and into the sky, rattling the car about 250 yards away.


 
Amateur video shows the moment a fertilizer plant on fire north of Waco, Texas, exploded into a deadly blast. 

	“You OK?” Hurtt asks his 12-year-old daughter Khloey as the video goes dark.

	“Dad, dad, I can’t hear,” Khloey says.

	“Get out of here. Please get out of here. Dad, please get out of here," she pleads. "I can't hear anything."

	"Oh my God," Hurtt says before the video cuts off.


Today 
Derrick Hurtt, with his daughters Kenley (l.) and Khloey (r.), captured video from his car of the fertilizer plant explosion in West, Texas, on Wednesday evening. 

	He later told NBC's "Today" show that the blast was unexpected.

	"I'm pretty sure it lifted the truck off the ground," Hurtt said. "It blew me over on top of (Khloey), and it all happened so quick that things kind of went black for a moment."
PHOTOS: WEST, TEXAS FERTILIZER PLANT EXPLOSION
	He also said their full hearing has returned, although their "inner ear's a little sore."


LARRY W. SMITH/EPA 
Remains of the West Fertilizer Co.  after the plant exploded in West, Texas, Wednesday evening. 

	Dozens of homes and businesses were turned into rubble, and the blast could be felt about 50 miles away. The plant also sits near an apartment complex and nursing home, which had to be evacuated.

	“It was like a nuclear bomb went off,” West Mayor Tommy Muska told CNN. “Big old mushroom cloud.”

	Other officials said the death toll could reach as high as 60 or more in West, a community of 2,800. Not all emergency workers had been accounted for.

	“We have two EMS personnel that are dead for sure, and there may be three firefighters that are dead,” Dr. George Smith, the emergency management system director of the city, who was himself injured, told CNN.


KCEN 
Dr. George Smith, a survivor of the West, Texas, fertilizer plant explosion describes the blast Wednesday evening. He says his house nearly crushed him to death. More than 160 people were wounded in the surrounding neighborhood, officials said. 

	The cause of the blast wasn’t immediately known.

	“Until we know this is an accident we will conduct this as a crime scene,” said Waco police Sgt. William Patrick Swanton. “Nothing at this point indicates we have had criminal activity, but we are not ruling that out.”

	Survivors later described the frightening force of the blast and sound wave, which were recorded as a 2.1-magnitude seismic event, according to the United States Geological Survey.

	“It knocked me down, it knocked me back,” resident Cheryl Marich told CNN. “It was like the whole road just picked up.”


Jerry Larson/AP 
A victim from the West fertilizer plant explosion is wheeled into Hillcrest Baptist Medical Hospital in Waco, Texas, on Wednesday. 

	Dr. Smith was interviewed with blood and bruises on his face. He said he narrowly missed being crushed to death by his own house.
RELATED: EXPLOSION HITS FERTILIZER PLANT NORTH OF WACO, TEXAS
	"The windows came in on me, the roof came in on me, the ceiling came in," he told NBC affiliate KCEN-TV.

	His son, who lives nearby, also survived, although his neighborhood was wiped out.


Jerry Larson/AP 
An unidentified man injured by the West fertilizer plant explosion is treated by nurses from Hillcrest Baptist Medical Hospital in Waco, Texas, on Wednesday. 

	"That whole street is gone," Dr. Smith said.

	West City Councilwoman Cheryl Marak described a chaotic war zone-like scene of devastation. Her dog was killed, and her house, about 2-1/2 blocks from the plant, was reduced to rubble. 

	"With the explosions, the whole street lifted up," she told ABC News. "It was like a massive bomb went off. It demolished both my houses: my mother's and mine."

	"I think everything around us is pretty much just gone," she added.


LARRY W. SMITH/EPA 
Waco police Sgt. William Swanton addresses the media during a news conference about a fertilizer plant that exploded in West, Texas, on Wednesday. 

	Among those offering comfort is Pope Francis, who asked followers on Twitter to think of the victims.

	"Please join me in praying for the victims of the explosion in Texas and their families," he tweeted Thursday.

	President Obama also offered his prayers to the people of West.

	"A tight-knit community has been shaken, and good, hard-working people have lost their lives," he said. "I want to thank the first responders who worked tirelessly through the night to contain the situation and treat the wounded."

eortiz@nydailynews.com

ON A MOBILE DEVICE? CLICK HERE FOR VIDEO
   
  
 
 Post a Comment » 
   Comments   See All Comments  [Discussion Guidelines ]  To post your comments, please, Sign in » . X           Show more comments         Ads by Yahoo!                Most Popular      Most Read   Most Shared      1   EXCLUSIVE PHOTOS: Suspected Boston Marathon bombers lived in squalid, ramshackle apartment     2   Boston Marathon bombing's Dzhokhar Tsarnaev tweets on the run     3   Friends of accused Boston bomber arrested     4   Suspected Boston bomber likely faces death penalty     5   Dzhokhar Tsarnaev partied, went to gym days after bombing     6   Boston Marathon bombing suspect in ‘serious condition’ at hospital        7   Tamerlan Tsarnaev lost American friend to grisly murder     8   Wife's family of alleged Boston bomber express shock after his death     9   In new book, Amanda Knox claims prison workers sexually tormented her     10   Iceland teen fights for her name back         1   EXCLUSIVE PHOTOS: Suspected Boston Marathon bombers lived in squalid, ramshackle apartment     2   Boston Marathon bombing's Dzhokhar Tsarnaev tweets on the run     3   Suspected Boston bomber likely faces death penalty     4   Friends of accused Boston bomber arrested     5   Tamerlan Tsarnaev lost American friend to grisly murder     6   Boston Marathon bombing suspect in ‘serious condition’ at hospital        7   Bomb victim helped ID suspects from hospital bed      8   In new book, Amanda Knox claims prison workers sexually tormented her     9   Justice Story: College prof kills 4      10   Tamerlan Tsarnaev more religious, radical after 2012 trip                  Editor's Picks    Queens woman survived year of ‘hell’ from abusive boyfriend and is now social media whiz      For about a year, Jennifer Spivak lived a double life. In 2011, the then-City College senior had a near-perfect GPA and job prospects.     Members of century-old boaters club on Long Island Sound rarin' to fish           At the end of a dead end road, behind the short soft hills of the Bicentennial Veterans Memorial Park in Throgs Neck, a small blue building housing the Bronxonia yacht club sits at the edge of the Long Island Sound.     Yes, now is the time to move Madison Square Garden      Cipolla and Yaro: The daunting challenge to create a new Penn Station should not be trivialized as nostalgic regret about the fate of the old Penn Station. We and others who want to reimagine it — and Madison Square Garden — understand full well that the old Penn Station is no more.      Why Mr. Smith never appeared      Warren: "Shame on us!” proclaimed a peeved Sen. Dianne Feinstein (D-Calif.).     The right to remain alive      In accord with the wise principle that the U.S. Constitution is not a suicide pact, the FBI has chosen to question Boston Marathon bomber Dzokhar Tsarnaev without first reading him the Miranda warnings about his right to remain silent and have a lawyer present.
            
         
           How terrorists are born     Silber: To most Americans, the nature of the diabolical events that occurred early last week in Boston are difficult to fathom and utterly illogical.      Jamaica-USA rivalry due at  2013 Penn Relays       LET’S SET the record — or records — straight when it comes to Jamaican scholastic track-and-field athletes at the Penn Relays in Philadelphia.
           April 21:  The Rockaway line, Boston terror and guns     Long Beach, L.I.: As we rebuild after Hurricane Sandy, what investments in infrastructure are appropriate? One vital solution is the reactivation of the Rockaway Beach Rail Line of the Long Island Rail Road, inactive since 1962.     Nets play borough's first postseason game since 1956     New York City has a new hoops headquarters — and it’s in Brooklyn.     Wallace fills role and hoop      For nearly a month, P.J. Carlesimo remained publicly confident in Gerald Wallace, the Nets’ $40 million small forward who had been struggling and lost confidence. Wallace was still hustling and doing all the little things, but he was coming up small in one very big category: points.     Amazing Kreskin sings the praises of Jimmy Fallon      Famed mentalist The Amazing Kreskin sees big things for Jimmy Fallon when he takes over “The Tonight Show.” The always-touring soothsayer also says he doesn’t see Jay Leno doing a disappearing act anytime soon.     New booking service Vimbly is one-stop activity shopping           Sick of brunch and bad movies? A new booking service can help you beat boredom without breaking the bank. 

      Test-driving a Ferrari, dueling with daggers, and making perfume are among the eclectic activities available on Vimbly.com.      South African safari lodge delivers on comforts and creatures     Things were quiet in the South African savanna around nightfall, when suddenly the driver of our jeep got a call on his walkie-talkie.     Daily News Summer Movie Preview: Independent films           It’s a summer of road trips, starting with the road itself in 
            
               “Prince Avalanche.”
            
          In the gently surreal comedy, Paul Rudd and Emile Hirsch slowly paint divider lines on a highway.      Redford on 'All the President's Men Revisited'     At first, it might seem weird to include movie stars in a documentary about the nation’s greatest political scandal. But for “All the President’s Men Revisited,” it’s a natural if the stars are Robert Redford and Dustin Hoffman, who played Bob Woodward and Carl Bernstein in the iconic film “All the President’s Men.”      Free & Cheap New York for week of April 21, 2013     Start your day at the Walter Reade Theater with “Calmus, Vocal Ensemble: Sunday Morning Coffee Concerts.” The performance will include selections from “Five Flower Songs” to German folk tunes and songs inspired by Shakespeare.           News Video

   

       





















Media Kit
Autos
Home Delivery
Newsletters
Businesses
Place an Ad
About our Ads
Contact Us
FAQ's
Feeds
Site Map




            Use of this website signifies your agreement to the Terms of Service and
            Privacy Policy. 
           
© Copyright 2013 NYDailyNews.com. All rights reserved.




 









   