Pop princesses: Where are they now? - NY Daily News











                  Friday, April 19, 2013  NYDailyNews.com /    Music & Arts         Follow @nydailynews        


Jobs


Classifieds


Contests


Reader Offers


Home Delivery


Services


Apps

   Search Field      site   web   blogs  Powered by Yahoo   
   Daily News  
   America    New York      News     Politics   Sports     Showbiz     More of Showbiz :   Gossip     TV & Movies     Music & Arts     Buy Tickets     Comics     Showbiz Pics     Blogs       Opinion     Living     Photos     Video    Autos    
              Pop princesses: Where are they now?          Miley Cyrus' career just keeps on climbing. 'Hannah Montana: The Movie,' based on her hit Disney Channel series, is breaking box office records, its soundtrack holds six spots on the Billboard charts as of April 17, and Cyrus' fans are following her every Twitter. But even though Miley's red-hot right now, will her career stand the test of time? Judging from past pop starlets, the odds are a mixed bag. 
Click on to find out what your favorite pop princesses are up to now - including a few you may have forgotten. Above, Cyrus performs her ballad 'The Climb' at the 44th Annual Academy of Country Music Awards in Las Vegas on April 5, 2009.  Gals like Miley Cyrus remind us of fresh-faced teen stars like Debbie Gibson, who penned bubbly '80s hits like 'Out of the Blue' and 'Lost in Your Eyes'. Gibson holds the distinction of being the youngest female artist to write, produce and perform a no. 1 hit single (1987's 'Foolish Beat', when she was 17) - take that, Miley! 
After her pop princess days, Debbie (who now prefers Deborah) took her talents to the Broadway stage, starring in 'Les Miserables,' 'Grease' and 'Beauty and the Beast.' She continues to perform, and releases new songs on her web site.  Often mentioned in the same breath with Debbie Gibson is another teen idol of the '80s: Tiffany (born Tiffany Renee Darwish), who's famous for tunes like 'I Think We're Alone Now'. That she got her start by touring shopping malls didn't help her with critics, but before her pop career screeched to a halt after her less-successful second album, Tiffany did manage to score the ultimate '80s coup: dating a New Kid on the Block, Jon Knight. 
Today Darwish keeps busy with the occasional reality TV appearance. She also had a guest role as a singer in the sitcom 'How I Met Your Mother.'   Olivia Newton-John had the blonde '80s pop star act down pat. Her 1981 album 'Physical' spawned not just a hit song, but an entire trend in gymwear. A pop cultural double threat, Newton-John also starred as Sandy in the movie-musical 'Grease,' opposite John Travolta.
Today, the Aussie songstress, a breast cancer survivor, crusades for a cure for the disease in between performing gigs. Though she's not normally tabloid fodder, the mysterious disappearance of then-husband Patrick McDermott in 2005 brought her into the headlines amid suspicion that McDermott faked his own death. (Newton-John has never been implicated in his disappearance.)  Thanks to her unique look and the enduring anthem 'Girls Just Want to Have Fun', Cyndi Lauper has earned a place in pop princess history. And if that weren't reason enough to love this girl from Queens, she's also immortalized on the 'Goonies' soundtrack.
Today, Lauper is a much-sought-after collaborator for artists like David Byrne, The Hives, Basement Jaxx and more. Her 2008 album 'Bring Ya to the Brink' was nominated for a Best Electronic/Dance Album Grammy. She's also a tireless advocate for gay rights.   No list of pop icons would be complete without Madonna, whose career is still going strong after nearly three decades. Her early '80s hits like 'Holiday,' 'Get Into the Groove' and 'Like a Virgin' are still played in clubs today, but the ever-provocative Madge isn't content to rest on her laurels: her Hard Candy tour last year featured the 50-year-old mom of three in leotards, leather and fishnets, accessorized with a whip. 
Madonna's been a tabloid staple in recent months thanks to a string of events including her divorce from director hubby Guy Ritchie, her flirtation with Alex Rodriguez and her attempts to adopt another child from the African country of Malawi.   Fronted by Belinda Carlisle, all-girl group the Go-Go's flouted pop conventions by both writing all their own songs and playing their own instruments (it helps that the band had its roots in late-'70s punk and new wave). Their biggest hits, 'We Got the Beat' and 'Our Lips are Sealed' made them household names in the early '80s. 
The group has reunited intermittently since their heyday, releasing an album of all-new material in 2001. They still perform and tour together. Bottom, clockwise from l., Jane Wiedlin, Charlotte Caffey, Carlisle, and Kathy Valentine.  Similar to the Go Go's, U.K. group Bananarama got their start in London's post-punk scene, but things got poppier from there. They became chart-toppers stateside in 1983 with the single 'Cruel Summer' (which was also on the soundtrack for 'The Karate Kid'). The group took an even more upbeat turn in 1986 with their biggest hit, 'Venus.' 
Original member Siobhan Fahey left in the late '80s, but the other two members, Keren Woodward and Sara Dallin, continued to perform together. Rumor has it the group is working on some new material. At right, Woodward and Dallin (l.-r.) pose for a photo in 2008.   Scottish singer Sheena Easton made it big in the U.S. in the 1980s with hits like 'Morning Train' and 'For Your Eyes Only' (a James Bond theme song that netted her a Grammy). But the adult contemporary maven took a turn for the risque when she teamed up with Prince for a string of racy dance tunes like 'Sugar Walls' and 'U Got the Look.' 
While we in the states don't hear much from Sheena these days, she's still a beloved performer in the U.K. and Australia.   You can always count on Prince to help a pop princess out. Power-pop group The Bangles also rose to the top thanks to a song written by His Purpleness: 'Manic Monday.' The group's other hits include 'Walk Like an Egyptian' and 'Eternal Flame.' And they sure could rock the teased-out '80s hair. (An earlier name for the band was The Bangs - coincidence?)
The Bangles reunited in the early '00s to the delight of nostalgic fans. Above, group members Susanna Hoffs, Vicki Peterson and Debbi Peterson in 2008 (former member Michael Steele is not pictured).   Cuban-born, Miami-raised Gloria Estefan brought some Latin heat to the pop charts as the frontwoman of the Miami Sound Machine, with mid-'80s hits like 'Conga' and 'Rhythm Is Gonna Get You.' Over the past two decades her career has continued to thrive, with bestselling albums in both Spanish and English. 
In addition to performing, Gloria and husband Emilio (the Miami Sound Machine's bandleader) now have a string of Cuban-themed restaurants and their very own cookbook.   An Australian soap star-turned-pop star, Kylie Minogue became a teen idol in the U.S. with her updated cover of the 1960s dance tune 'Loco-Motion.' Oddly, she was never as successful in the U.S. after that 1987 hit - but Minogue is a bona fide superstar just about everywhere else in the world, selling out arenas and and reinventing herself time and again (much like her fellow icon Madonna). 
After surviving a breast cancer diagnosis in 2005, Kylie still tours tirelessly. Above, the 40-year-old struts the stage at the Brit Awards earlier this year.  Lisa Lisa, with her band Cult Jam, started out as club favorites but became pop crossovers in the mid-'80s with the no. 1 hits 'Head to Toe' and 'Lost in Emotion,' making them one of the most high-profile Latino pop acts of that era. Though the group didn't have staying power, their catchy freestyle sound continues to be sampled by today's dance artists. 
Above, Lisa Lisa makes an appearance in 2008.   Whitney Houston was one of the top songbirds of the '80s and early '90s, with hits like 'Greatest Love of All,' 'Saving All My Love for You' and 'I Will Always Love You.' At the peak of her career she was a movie star, too, appearing in 'The Bodyguard' alongside Kevin Costner.
Unfortunately for Houston, the past decade has seen a string of scandals involving drug use and her on-and-off, allegedly abusive relationship with ex-husband Bobby Brown. As Whit often said on the couple's Bravo TV reality show ('Being Bobby Brown,' which aired in 2005): "Oh, hell to the no!"  Mariah Carey's life has been a roller coaster since she belted out her first chart-topper, 'Vision of Love,' in 1990. After a much-publicized breakdown in 2001 following the crash and burn of her semi-autobiographical movie 'Glitter,' Mariah mounted a comeback in 2005 with the multiple Grammy-winning album 'The Emancipation of Mimi.' She's now married to Nick Cannon (who's ten years younger) and working on her next studio album.   Fellow balladeer Taylor Dayne often played third fiddle to Whitney and Mariah in the public eye, but the blonde singer with a powerful voice had some undeniable hits in the late '80s and early '90s, including the singles 'Tell it to My Heart,' 'I'll Always Love You' and 'Love Will Lead You Back.' After a long hiatus, Dayne (real name: Leslie Wunderman) released her fifth studio album, 'Satisfied,' in 2008.   It's Janet - Ms. Jackson if you're nasty. Michael's kid sis was a child star in sitcoms, but she started her music career while still a teenager and has become one of the most popular female artists of all time. Her third album, 'Control' - which spawned the hits 'When I Think of You,' 'What Have You Done For Me Lately' and 'Nasty' - and the following albums 'Rhythm Nation 1814' and 'janet.', represent Ms. Jackson at her best. 
Jackson has yet to produce a comeback CD to match those discs, but she's worked steadily, releasing her tenth studio album, 'Discipline,' in 2008. That's discipline, indeed.  The trio Wilson Phillips had quite the musical pedigree: Carnie and Wendy Wilson are the daughters of Beach Boy Brian Wilson, while Chynna Phillips' parents are John and Michelle of The Mamas and The Papas. Wilson Phillips' music wasn't quite as groundbreaking as their famous parents', but light, melodic hits like 'Hold On,' 'You're In Love' and 'Release Me' made them the bestselling female group of all time in 1992 (a record since shattered). They released just one more album before splitting up. 
All three members of Wilson Phillips reunited in 2004, but failed to replicate their earlier success.  No, Paula Abdul's career didn't begin with 'American Idol.' The former L.A. Lakers Girl first became a household name as the singer-dancer-choreographer behind early '90s hits like 'Opposites Attract', 'Forever Your Girl' and 'Rush, Rush' (extra points if you remember which music video starred Keanu Reeves). 
Nowadays, Paula's the reliably soft-hearted 'Idol' judge whose loopy comments often make us go 'huh?' We're just hoping one day she'll reunite with another video co-star - the animated M.C. SkatKat.   R&B girl group En Vogue - Terry Ellis, Cindy Heron, Maxine Jones and Dawn Robinson - became pop royalty in 1992 with their second album, 'Funky Divas,' which racked up a host of awards including Grammys, AMAs and MTV Video Music honors. Among their fiercest hits from that era are 'My Lovin' (You're Never Gonna Get It)' and 'Free Your Mind.' But the divas faded away after that album, and the departure of founding member Robinson. 
En Vogue is currently mounting a comeback, with several performances booked for 2009.   With her long, wavy hair and penchant for baggy, ripped jeans, '90s singer-songwriter Sophie B. Hawkins was a little more earthy than your average pop princess - but her high, breathy vocals on tunes like 'As I Lay Me Down' and 'Damn I Wish I Was Your Lover' kept Top 40 listeners singing along. Hawkins still performs today and is an activist for causes like animal welfare and women's rights. In 2008, she rerecorded one of her hits in support of Hillary Clinton - retitling the song 'Damn We Wish You Were President.'   Hip-hop group TLC - Lisa 'Left Eye' Lopes, Tionne 'T-Boz' Watkins and Rozonda 'Chilli' Thomas - crossed over to the pop charts in 1994 thanks to the summer ballad 'Waterfalls.' That album, 'CrazySexyCool,' was the first ever by a female group to be awarded diamond certification for selling over 10 million copies. 
Tragedy struck the group in 2002 when Lopes was killed in a car accident in Honduras. Watkins and Thomas starred in a 2005 reality show, 'R U the Girl,' to audition for a third member, but the show didn't yield a permanent replacement and the group has more or less disbanded.  Britain's quintet The Spice Girls, with their feminist-lite battle cry of 'Girl Power!', were either the shining epitome of late '90s pop, or one of the genre's most cringeworthy moments, depending on how you looked at it. Either way, you couldn't ignore Scary, Sporty, Baby, Posh and Ginger, whose vocal skills might have been questioned at times, but whose enthusiasm certainly wasn't. 
A decade later, all five Spices - some with successful solo careers, others with children in tow - mounted a much-publicized reunion tour. Crowds went wild for 'Wannabe' and 'Say You'll Be There' all over again. Top photo, l.-r., are Melanie Chisholm, Emma Bunton, Melanie Brown, Geri Halliwell and Victoria (Adams) Beckham.   The R&B singer Monica got her start on the hip hop charts in the late '90s, but teen-friendly songs like 'The First Night' and 'Angel of Mine' saw her topping the pop charts. Though her career has quieted down in recent years, she's still performing (above, at the second annual BET Honors this year in Washington, D.C.). Just don't confuse her with ...   ... Brandy, Monica's contemporary in teen R&B-inflected pop. Like Miley Cyrus a decade later, Brandy Norwood rose to fame as the star of a hit TV series - the UPN's 'Moesha.' She continued to act in TV and movies while recording hits like 'Sittin' Up in My Room' and 'Have You Ever,' but her biggest success of all was 'The Boy Is Mine,' the Grammy-winning duet she recorded with her 'rival,' Monica. 
Norwood's career is currently overshadowed by personal drama: she's named in a wrongful death lawsuit resulting from a 2006 traffic accident. The case is set to go to trial this year.  Fresh off Disney's '90s variety show 'The New Mickey Mouse Club,' Christina Aguilera made a name for herself with the smash-hit 'Genie in a Bottle.' But Aguilera wanted us to know she's no teen queen - on her next album, 'Stripped', she renamed herself Xtina and posed on the cover topless. A subsequent video for the single 'Dirrty' only got, well, dirtier. 
No matter what Aguilera gets up to, her vocal skills always rise above her antics. On her 2006 album 'Back to Basics' the singer debuted a more grown-up image, performing jazzy, 1940s-inspired tracks to great critical success.  Fifteen-year-old Mandy Moore took the concept of tween pop to a sugary extreme. The single 'Candy', and others off her first album, 'So Real,' were so bubblegum-sweet that an Entertainment Weekly critic called them 'nauseating.'
Now 25, Moore has distanced herself from her first overproduced successes, once remarking that she would give a refund to everyone who bought her first two albums if she was able. Her attempt at a more indie-fied sound hasn't netted her widespread success so far - but maybe her new hubby, alt-rock hero Ryan Adams, can give her some tips.  It's not easy being Jessica Simpson. Not only did she struggle to make her name in the late '90s amidst a sea of other blonde pop princesses, her greatest success so far has been a reality TV show alongside husband Nick Lachey - from whom she's now divorced. Simpson abandoned pop for country a couple of years ago, but it's been a bumpy road, with her recent weight gains and losses garnering more attention than her singing. (She also has a bad habit of forgetting lyrics at key moments.) 
But it's not all bad news for J. Simp - her footwear line sells like gangbusters, and her swimsuit collection was chosen to outfit the beauty queens in this year's Miss USA pageant.   What, you thought we forgot Britney? Not a chance. The girl for whom the adjective 'pop tart' was invented started out with a squeaky-clean image, but she wasn't really fooling anyone. Since then, we've  followed her through childbirth and cheez curls, freakouts and Federlines - and somehow she still manages to turn out one hit song after another. Spears is currently touring in support of her latest album, 'Circus,' and appears to be back in fighting shape. Here's hoping she stays that way, y'all.       Published: 10/29/2009 2:47:44           Miley Cyrus' career just keeps on climbing. 'Hannah Montana: The Movie,' based on her hit Disney Channel series, is breaking box office records, its soundtrack holds six spots on the Billboard charts as of April 17, and Cyrus' fans are following her every Twitter. But even though Miley's red-hot right now, will her career stand the test of time? Judging from past pop starlets, the odds are a mixed bag. 
Click on to find out what your favorite pop princesses are up to now - including a few you may have forgotten. Above, Cyrus performs her ballad 'The Climb' at the 44th Annual Academy of Country Music Awards in Las Vegas on April 5, 2009.     Next Previous               Latest Galleries    Most Popular            Celebrity photos of the week: Week of April 15      See what all the stars were up to this week ...           Stars who strip for a cause      These celebs take off their clothes for a good cause - charity.           Celebrities going braless      No bra, no problem! Check out which celebs we spotted going bra-free while out on the town.           Worst celebrity tattoos      Nobody loves tattoos more than celebs (or Hell's Angels). Unfortunately, the stars sometimes voluntarily brand themselves with some hilarious bad ink.           

             
Other Stories



   


             





















Media Kit
Autos
Home Delivery
Newsletters
Businesses
Place an Ad
About our Ads
Contact Us
FAQ's
Feeds
Site Map




            Use of this website signifies your agreement to the Terms of Service and
            Privacy Policy. 
           
© Copyright 2013 NYDailyNews.com. All rights reserved.




 









   