Officials identify firefighters killed in deadly Texas blast - chicagotribune.com














 





News





Home


Member Center


Weather


Traffic


Death Notices


Subscribe


Mobile


Digital copy


Digital Plus


From the community


Newsletters & Alerts


Photos


Video


Classified


Shopping


Weekly Ads


Place an Ad


Media Kit




News


Breaking


Chicagoland


TribLocal


Nation & World


Watchdog


Local Politics


National Politics


Obituaries


Schools


Chicago crime


Maps & Apps


Trib Nation


Columns




Business


Breaking


Technology


Money


Work Life


Chicago Stocks


Columns




Sports


Breaking


Bears


Bulls


Blackhawks


Cubs


White Sox


Colleges


High Schools


Soccer


Golf


International


Scores


Columns




A&E


Breaking


Movies


Music


Theater


Book of Mormon


Television


Celebrities


Games


Events


Architecture


Arts


Comics


Columns




Lifestyles


Travel


Health


Food & Dining


Books


Home & Garden


Religion


Life Lessons


Ask Amy


Trib Nation Events


Horoscopes


Lottery numbers


Columns


Cancer Central




Opinion


Editorials


Guest Commentary


Letters


Stantis Cartoons


Today's Columns


All Columns


News


Sports


Business


A&E 


Lifestyles




Real Estate


Buy a Home


Sell Your Home


Latest Sales


Apartments & Condos


Neighborhoods & Suburbs


Foreclosure News


Luxury Real Estate




Cars


Buy a Car


Sell Your Car


Fuel-Efficient Cars


Car Reviews


Car Care




Jobs


Find a Job


List Your Job


Top Workplaces






































Advanced Search



Advanced Search
X







include all of these words: 
include any of these words: 
include this exact phrase: 
exclude: 

 Select a date range


this week
past 30 days
past 3 months
past year




 Create a custom date range

From: 
To: 





















Search










Home
            
        
            
                
                
                    
                    
                     
                         > News




Officials identify firefighters killed in deadly Texas blast

























1
2
next
|   single page



A devastating explosion at a fertilizer plant in West, Texas killed 14 and injured 200. Now residents of the town are struggling to understand this tragedy. Manuel Bojorquez reports.


Tim Gaynor and Colleen Jenkins
Reuters
7:20 p.m. CDT, April 21, 2013




                           WEST, Texas (Reuters) - Texas officials released the names of four volunteer firefighters on Sunday killed in a deadly blast in this close-knit Texas town, as authorities identified the center but not the cause of last week's deadly fertilizer plant blast.              Among the dead named at a news conference outside city hall in West, Texas, were brothers Doug and Robert Snokhous, remembered by their family as "lifelong best friends" who lived half a mile from each other and worked together at an ironworks in nearby Waco.




Related


Fertilizer plant explosion in Texas



Videos: Explosion in West, Texas



First Baptist Church Pastor Crowder leads open air Sunday service four days after deadly fertilizer plant explosion in West



Residents embrace after a Sunday service at St. Mary's Catholic Church four days after a deadly fertilizer plant explosion in the town of West, near Waco, Texas




                                            
                                        
                                        
                                        
                                        "Doug and Robert could always be seen together, whether they were hunting, working on cars, golfing or cooking barbecue at the volunteer fire departments cook-off," their family said in a statement read to reporters.              "They were always together and we were always comforted that they were together at the end."              The brothers were among 14 people, nearly all of them emergency responders, killed when a blast on Wednesday flattened the fertilizer plant and smashed several blocks of the small town, about 80 miles south of Dallas. They are survived by their wives, children and grandchildren.              A liaison official for the Texas Line of Duty Death Task Force, which cares for the families of fallen first responders, read a statement for Dane and Rhonda Chapman, whose son Jerry Chapman died in the blast.              The Chapmans - who stood silently, their heads bowed - remembered him as man who had "found his passion and life." His faith in God and his fellow firefighters "gave him the strength to lay down his life for others," they said.              Officials identified a fourth firefighter, Kevin Sanders. His family said he gave his life protecting others, adding simply: "We love him and will miss him very much."              The explosion at the privately owned West Fertilizer Co retail facility gutted a 50-unit apartment complex, demolished about 50 houses and battered a nursing home and several schools. Dozens more homes were reported damaged.              A reporter allowed into the evacuated blast zone on Sunday said the roof was torn off the apartment complex. Large chunks of concrete hurled from the plant littered the complex grounds hundreds of yards (meters) away, and a basketball court was unrecognizable except for the toppled goals, according to a pool report.              "This is like a war zone," said Brian Hoback, a national response team investigator for U.S. Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives, among more than 60 federal and state personnel working at the scene.              Assistant State Fire Marshal Kelly Kistner said a probe had identified a "large crater at the seat" of the blast, but neither its cause nor the location of the fire that preceded it have been determined.              Authorities have said there was no indication of foul play at the plant, which was last inspected for safety in 2011, according to a risk management plan filed with the federal Environmental Protection Agency.              Officials said the death toll remained at 14. McLennan County Sheriff Parnell McNamara said he did not know of anyone still unaccounted for, despite persistent rumors.              Matt Cawthon, chief deputy sheriff for McLennan County, said two of the dead were near or in the apartment complex. He was unable to give their age or gender.              A male resident from the nursing home died en route to the hospital after being evacuated, although it appeared his death was not directly caused by the blast, Cawthon said.              MEMORIES OF TRAUMA              An elementary school in the town is due to reopen on Monday, with additional temporary classrooms for students from another local school closed since the blast.              Officials announced a memorial service would be held for the first responders on the Baylor University campus in Waco, about 20 miles to the south, at 2 p.m. CDT (3 p.m. EDT) on Thursday.




Copyright © 2013, Reuters



1
2
next
|   single page





























 



























Video




Photo galleries













Chicago-area flooding














Scott Stantis cartoons
















Notable deaths this year














Boston bombings (graphic)






















Special Advertising Sections







A special look at local lifestyles for those over 50


PRIMETIME 




Water saving technology can help you save some cash


HOME PROTECTION PLANS 










ChicagoNow







Winnetka's lakefront homes: More expensive than living on the ocean






21 most chilling tweets from Dzhokhar Tsarnaev





Join ChicagoNow...







Metromix







Taste test: Chicago's deep fried desserts















Send us your event information.




 












Manage Subscription




Home delivery




Place an Ad




Connect With Us




Site Index




Mobile














Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
About Our Ads
Chicago Tribune, 435 N. Michigan Ave., Chicago, IL 60611








A Tribune Newspaper website






























