
            Residents return to Texas blast site - Times LIVE

        












Sunday Times
The Times

LIVE Sites

Sport LIVE
Sowetan LIVE
Sunday World
BDlive
Books Live
Other Times Media Titles





Sign Up


Sign In




Please enter your login details
You can also sign in with your Sowetan LIVE  and Sport LIVE account details.
  

            Sign Up  
            Forgot password?


Sign in with:







Subscribe

Editor's Choice iPad
E-Edition
Newspapers
Twitter
Facebook
RSS


m.timeslive.co.za





Times LIVE






Why gay marriage polarised France









FBI interviewed Boston bombing suspect in 2011: source














                Mon Apr 22 03:17:46 SAST 2013
17°Johannesburg 
                17°C / 5°C


Set my city | 7 day forecast



LIVE TRAFFIC!

















News





                                            	Home


South Africa


Africa


World











Wits sends second 'sex pest' packing

								                          A Wits University professor has been 'frog-marched' off the campus following allegations of sexual harassment.







        							Big clean-up after rains



        							More toll roads in the pipeline



        							African heads of state 'begged' Zuma for troops



        							SA doctors defy bombs to keep on saving lives



        							Police top brass under fire



        							Gift of the Givers is exporting SA's spirit of ubuntu













Big clean-up after rains

								                          Heavy rains, storms and flooding in the Eastern Cape have claimed the lives of eight people.







        							DA politicising tolls: Sanral



        							Second man accused of killing UK lecturer arrested



        							Sanral proposes more toll roads, says DA



        							Five Free State prison escapees still at large 



        							Three dead in Eastern Cape flooding



        							Residents evacuated after flooding in Port St Johns 













Nigeria seizes ship with 2,500 T of stolen fuel

								                          Nigerian authorities have seized a ship carrying 2,500 tonnes of fuel refined from stolen oil in the creeks of the Niger Delta, home to Africa's biggest energy industry, they said on Sunday.







        							Egypt’s Mubarak stays in detention despite second release order



        							Commission accuses Egypt's Mursi of ignoring atrocities



        							Egypt police arrest 39 in Cairo clashes: source



        							UN calls for calm after US charges Guinea-Bissau coup leader



        							Massive funding gap threatens UN Mali aid operations



        							Kenya floods claimed 63 lives in past month: government













British panda given helping hand in quest for cub

								                          Experts at Edinburgh Zoo in Scotland have artificially inseminated Britain's only female giant panda Tian Tian after she failed to mate with her male partner, Yang Guang, the zoo announced on Sunday.







        							Somali reporter killed in fourth journalist murder this year



        							Syria opposition chief quits over world 'inaction'



        							Texas residents seek healing at church after deadly blast



        							Israel says drones to eventually replace aircraft



        							Boston tributes, tighter security at London Marathon



        							Gay marriage opponents stage last-ditch protest in Paris








Politics




Politics











DA surprised at NDPP appointment report

								                          The DA expressed surprise on Sunday at reports that President Jacob Zuma intended appointing a magistrate who is under investigation as the national director of public prosecutions (NDPP)







        							Gauteng government to offer work experience for graduates



        							Declare rhino poaching a national disaster: DA



        							Wooden poles that cost R3 million missing in North West



        							South African troops may be redeployed to CAR



        							Positive response to Limpopo task team: ANC



        							Equity report on transformation disheartening: ANC








Sport




Sport











Hunter wins Mzansi Tour

								                          South African Robert Hunter won the Mzansi Tour on Sunday after the fifth and final stage, a 123km ride that started and finished at Montecasino in Johannesburg.







	        							Kebede and Jeptoo win emotional London Marathon



	        							Kings must bounce back, says Watson



	        							Zimbabwe thrashing highlights Bangladesh woes



	        							Reds blast 'cynical' Brumbies



	        							Cheetahs confident of finishing top in SA



	        							London Marathon observes silence for Boston victims









Business




Business


Business Class









Eastplats suspends development plan funding

Eastern Platinum Limited will suspend funding for Crocodile River Mine development plan






Black middle class fuels whisky sales


Time for hard men and tough calls on Medupi


South Africa’s businesses urged to manage water usage


Bringing green acts into the workplace


MPs grill Joemat-Pettersson over fishing crisis











Entertainment




Entertainment


Celebrity


Music


Horoscopes


TV Guide


Competitions











will.i.am defends Bieber Anne Frank comment

								                          Black Eyed Peas star will.i.am has defended Justin Bieber after the teenage singer was criticsed during a recent visit to the Anne Frank Museum in Amsterdam.







        							Jude Law writes to WTO against seal trade



        							Kris Humphries gave Kim Kardashian divorce for his career: report



        							The eighth season of 'Dexter' will definitely be the last



        							Justin Bieber, Selena Gomez spotted kissing in Oslo



        							'Glee' renewed for two more seasons



        							Keanu Reeves joins 'Passengers' cast













will.i.am defends Bieber Anne Frank comment

								                          Black Eyed Peas star will.i.am has defended Justin Bieber after the teenage singer was criticsed during a recent visit to the Anne Frank Museum in Amsterdam.







        							Jude Law writes to WTO against seal trade



        							Kris Humphries gave Kim Kardashian divorce for his career: report



        							Justin Bieber, Selena Gomez spotted kissing in Oslo



        							T.J. Jackson granted $9 000 a month for Michael Jackson's kids



        							Edward Norton secretly married



        							Dick Van Dyke undergoing tests for 'cranial throbbing'













Newman, Adler inducted into Rock Hall of Fame

								                          Randy Newman is now a hall of famer.







        							Pink Floyd 'Dark Side of the Moon' cover designer dies



        							Sowing the Seeds music festival to be held in May



        							Support acts for Every Time I Die announced



        							Lineup announced for Johannesburg's #5GumExperience



        							Tracy Morgan to host Billboard Music Awards



        							South Korean broadcaster bans Psy's 'Gentleman' video



















Save & win: BBC Africa & AHA Resorts

								                          Full details in Sunday Times on April 7 & 14. Get R50 CNA voucher applicable to purchase of BBC Africa DVD box set PLUS win a 2-night break to AHA Resorts countrywide







        							Congratulations to the winners of the Jack the Giant Slayer hampers



        							WIN ONE OF THREE JACK THE GIANT SLAYER HAMPERS WORTH R550 EACH



        							Smartest puppy entrants



        							Watch this space for our Times LIVE Summer competition!



        							Winners: Heineken Symphonic Rocks 2012



        							Have you voted for your favourite bar?








Life & Style




Life & Style


Family


Food


Vaya Mzansi



Books LIVE











Reptiles can transfer salmonella to humans

								                          Pets can transfer a number of bacteria, viruses, fungi or parasites to humans. 







        							Why being picked up and carried soothes babies



        							Sober, alcohol-free bars popping up around the world



        							Historic Chinese silk scroll up for auction in France



        							Typical Western diet not ideal for aging well: study



        							Mercedes GLA to debut at Motor Show



        							Honda already taking orders for the 2015 NSX













Reptiles can transfer salmonella to humans

								                          Pets can transfer a number of bacteria, viruses, fungi or parasites to humans. 







        							Why being picked up and carried soothes babies



        							Beetroot juice and green vegetables found to reduce blood pressure



        							To get kids to eat fruit, cut it into slices: study



        							Mum and dad equally good at recognising baby's cry: study



        							Having more sex than their peers makes people happy: study



        							Bisexual men more sexually jealous when dating women: study













RUDI'S 'I' is for Irish Stew

								                          Rudi Liebenberg has a plan for St Patrick's Day next Sunday







        							RUDI'S gelatine fruit delights



        							Rudi's Alphabet: N is for Niçoise



        							RUDI'S Delicious Doughnuts



        							Dorah Sitole tempts us with Tanzanian treats



        							Dorah Sitole's green mangoe and chicken surprise



        							E is for En Papillote













Flower power in the Northern Cape

								                          Namaqualand's wild flower season is worth booking your trip just to see one of the great natural wonders of South Africa.







        							Explore your own country and be the envy of the world!



        							Travel with care – restore your sense of pride



        							Media Statement from Minister of Tourism's Office



        							Useful tips when planning a holiday



        							Tourism Breaking News: Discount Vouchers!



        							Explore SA’s diverse cultures this Heritage Month










                             
                        







Travel




Travel


Vaya Mzansi



Explorer











New Indian theme park targets growing middle-class

								                          India's most elaborate theme park opens this week with special-effect Hindu gods and Bollywood-themed rides, aiming to tap a thirst for family entertainment among the country's rising middle-class.







        							South Africa tries to shake from safari image



        							New cruise ship to boast bumper cars and skydiving



        							Hotel guests from Denmark are most honest: survey



        							Indian trains infested with cockroaches



        							Girls Gone Wild The Green Miles: gallery



        							High-profile rapes threaten India tourism business













Flower power in the Northern Cape

								                          Namaqualand's wild flower season is worth booking your trip just to see one of the great natural wonders of South Africa.







        							Explore your own country and be the envy of the world!



        							Travel with care – restore your sense of pride



        							Media Statement from Minister of Tourism's Office



        							Useful tips when planning a holiday



        							Tourism Breaking News: Discount Vouchers!



        							Explore SA’s diverse cultures this Heritage Month










                             
                        







Motoring




Motoring











More Bakkies Botha than Naas Botha!

								                          During the short time spent behind the wheel of the Toyota Landcruiser 76 the comments made about the vehicle, were, putting it mildly, uncomplimentary.







        							Frugal engines give Ford Kuga fighting chance



        							RAVving up for SUV supremacy



        							SLS AMG Roadster: A yank by any other name



        							Mercedes GLA to debut at Motor Show



        							Honda already taking orders for the 2015 NSX



        							Alfa Romeo's famous 'four-leaf clover' is 90








Sci-Tech




Sci-Tech











Smart golfing gadget lets you geek out over your swing technique

								                          For golfers who want to obsess over your swing, a new Bluetooth device pairs with a free app to pinpoint flaws in your technique.







        							Russia launches Bion-M to study how life adapts to space



        							Brazil urged to stop invading indigenous lands



        							John Kerry mulls Arctic amidst pleas for US ambassador



        							Twitter launches music app to deepen multimedia offering



        							UK sat-nav system warns lorries about bicyclists



        							Nokia sales tumble overshadows Lumia pick-up








Opinion




Opinion


Columnists


Editorials


Commentary


Blogs











Gift of the Givers is exporting SA's spirit of ubuntu

								                          The Times Editorial; The humanitarian work of Gift of the Givers in Syria should be commended and supported by all South Africans. For the past week this South African charity has been helping in Syria, where civil war is raging.







        							Way beyond burning the bra



        							Intolerable behaviour



        							ANC keeps doing the splits



        							THE BIG READ: Hugo's troubled legacy



        							THE BIG READ: Nothing but the best



        							A horse of a different colour













Way beyond burning the bra

								                          I've been wearing bras consistently ever since I recovered from the excruciating embarrassment of growing breasts, and after outgrowing my youthful feminist reaction to wearing them.







        							Intolerable behaviour



        							ANC keeps doing the splits



        							A horse of a different colour



        							Naas's Bulls caught my eye



        							Where there is tough love, there is discipline



        							Communications 101













Gift of the Givers is exporting SA's spirit of ubuntu

								                          The Times Editorial; The humanitarian work of Gift of the Givers in Syria should be commended and supported by all South Africans. For the past week this South African charity has been helping in Syria, where civil war is raging.







        							Sad day as council hits soft target to fill up its coffers



        							Still plenty of dirt for Angie to clean up in Eastern Cape



        							Educational pockets of excellence merit more state support



        							Being upfront about Zimbabwe loan will avert public anger



        							Root out corruption and this continent can only prosper



        							Men and women of quality the key to decent policing













THE BIG READ: Hugo's troubled legacy

								                          About the only tranquil place in Caracas over the past week has been a hill-top military museum housing the remains of Venezuelan socialist leader Hugo Chavez. Visitors tiptoe around his marble sarcophagus, reprimanded by guards if their voices rise above a whisper.







        							THE BIG READ: Nothing but the best



        							THE BIG READ: The asylum next door



        							THE BIG READ: My mother, my rock



        							THE BIG READ: Tony Leon - the unlikely diplomat



        							THE BIG READ: A giant in a twin set



        							THE BIG READ: Rhetoric and reality










                             
                        







Blogs




Wine - Uncorked


Power Report


Wheel Deal


Frock Report








                             
                        







iLIVE




iLIVE











Abuse: how to solve it for real: iLIVE

								                          Recent press coverage of the rape of children and the elderly has engendered a sense of shock and horror.







        							Breaking laws is denial of faith: iLIVE



        							Set ghostbusters on teachers: iLIVE



        							The Times got it right in reports on Netcare strike: iLIVE



        							Blacks need white people: iLIVE



        							Not so clever: iLIVE



        							Drowning in inefficiency: iLIVE















                     
                
                     
                
                     
                
Latest



previous
next



China rushes relief after quake kills 186
Egypt’s Mubarak stays in detention despite second release order
US seeks answers from accused Boston bomber
Second man accused of killing UK lecturer arrested
DA surprised at NDPP appointment report
Reptiles can transfer salmonella to humans
Why being picked up and carried soothes babies
Sanral proposes more toll roads, says DA
Residents return to Texas blast site
Five Free State prison escapees still at large 
Declare rhino poaching a national disaster: DA
Three dead in Eastern Cape flooding







Hot topics



previous
next




pistorius | 
zuma | 
zille | 
nkandla




                
                     
                
                     
                
                     
                







			                        
			                         
			                















								All Share					
							
					: 38422.21

UNCHANGED0.00%
					


								Top 40
							
					: 3092.53

UNCHANGED0.00%
					


								Financial 15
							
					: 11307.38

UNCHANGED0.00%
					


								Industrial 25
							
					: 42044.71

UNCHANGED0.00%
					





ZAR/USD
					: 9.2090

DOWN -0.11%
					

ZAR/GBP
					: 14.0127

DOWN -0.10%
					

ZAR/EUR
					: 12.0298

DOWN -0.04%
					

ZAR/JPY
					: 0.0923

UP 0.03%
					

ZAR/AUD
					: 9.4701

UNCHANGED-0.00%
					






								Gold
							
					: 1417.6250

UP 0.75%
					


								Platinum
							
					: 1440.5000

UP 1.16%
					


								Silver
							
					: 23.4250

UP 0.67%
					


								Palladium
							
					: 680.0000

UP 1.18%
					


								Brent Crude Oil
							
					: 99.540

DOWN -0.11%
					






								All data is delayed by 15 min. Data supplied by I-Net Bridge 
								Hover cursor over this ticker to pause.
							











    Mon Apr 22 03:22:26 SAST 2013











Man arrested for assault of 5-year-old girl in India











Home
World
Article




Residents return to Texas blast site


        Sapa-AFP | 2013-04-21 14:12:57.0




        The aftermath of a fertilizer plant explosion is seen in the town of West, near Waco, Texas April 20, 2013. 
Image by: ADREES LATIF / REUTERS


        Some residents displaced by a massive blast at a Texas fertiliser plant were allowed to return to their homes Saturday after an exhaustive search of the rubble found just 14 bodies.


Save & Share




Tweet


















Email
Print





"We do not expect to find any more,
but we'll see how that goes," assistant state fire marshal Kelly Kistner
told reporters.
While investigators still have not yet
determined the cause of the blast Kistner said there is "no
indication" that it was anything other than a terrible accident.
The sheer scale of destruction caused by
Wednesday's explosion and fire led local officials to fear that as many as 70
people were killed.
But by late Friday nearly all of the 60
people still unaccounted for had been found safe staying at area hotels or with
friends or relatives.
Nearly all of the dead were fire fighters
who were struggling to contain the fire before it reached the ammonia tanks.
Another 200 other people were injured in
Wednesday's blast in West, a small town of 2 800 people located 130 kilometres
south of Dallas.
Residents anxious to retrieve their
belongings and patch up the worst of the damage cued up for passes to get
through a police cordon, but only those on the outer edge of the evacuation
zone were allowed to enter.
Aerial footage of the blast site showed
dozens of homes flattened, a 50-unit apartment complex torn to bits and twisted
shards of metal at West Fertilizer, which was one of the town's main employers.
A nursing home and several schools were
also badly damaged as the fire spread from building to building.
The blast came with the entire country
already on edge after the attacks on the Boston Marathon that left three dead
and more than 180 wounded on Monday. One of the two suspects was arrested
Friday. The other was killed.
The mayor of West - who lost his own
home to the blast - urged resident to be patient at a solemn community meeting
at the Knights of Columbus hall on the outskirts of town.
"I wish I could tell you that this
time next week we're going to be peachy, but I can't," Mayor Tommy Muska
said.
"Boarding up is going to be the
least of my problems because mine's going to be demolished."
He told the townsfolk not to be shy when
it came to accepting the food, clothing and household goods that was piling up
in donation centers and to stay strong by leaning on each other.
"We're going to get through
this," Muska insisted.
The crowd of hundreds of anxious faces
broke out into applause when they heard that a nearby school that would house
their children for the remainder of the year had been repainted in their own
'Trojan' colours.
They stood to the feet and cheered when
EMS Director George Smith spoke of the heroism of those who managed to evacuate
over 250 people in the space of three hours with just one functioning
ambulance.
"I'm very, very proud of my
team," Smith said, his voice breaking with emotion. "They did a great
job."
Jerry Willienberg, 60, won't be able to
get back into his home until at least Sunday. But he's more concerned now about
the families of those killed.
"I either went to school with them
or worked with them," he said. "It's tough."
Willienberg worked as a contractor for
the plant, trucking out ammonia just about every other day, and insisted that
the plant's owners and workers always took safety precautions.
"Over there at Ted's, it was safety
first, all the time," he said.
But the West Fertiliser Company was
fined by US regulators in 2012 over its transport of hazardous materials,
documents showed.
Willienberg worried about how the town will
recover from the tragedy - and the loss of a major employer - but was convinced
it will find a way.
"West is close-knit. We're going to
get over it," he told AFP.




Share








Tweet






























SHARE YOUR OPINION
                
                If you have an opinion you would like to share on this article,
                please send us an e-mail
                to the Times LIVE iLIVE team. In the mean time, click here
                to view the Times LIVE iLIVE section.
            



















Most Popular








Today
This Week




1




Syria opposition chief quits over world 'inaction'




2




Boston bombing suspect in serious condition, can't speak: official




3




Israel says drones to eventually replace aircraft




4




Blond with two vaginas offered porn movie role




5




Montana finally legalises gay sex 16 years late








1




Captured Boston bombing suspect is dead: US media




2




Blond with two vaginas offered porn movie role




3




MIT shooting suspect linked to Boston Marathon bombing




4




Boston bombing suspects innocent: father - with gallery




5




FBI releases video of Boston bombing suspects







Read more popular stories


 


Porn star wins votes for Italian president




 


Why gay marriage polarised France




 


FBI interviewed Boston bombing suspect in 2011: source




 


US seeks answers from accused Boston bomber




 


Sixty unaccounted for, 12 confirmed dead in Texas blast - with gallery













Sponsored Links






























































Main Menu

News
Politics
Sport
Business
Entertainment
Life & Style
Travel
Food
Sci-Tech
Opinion
Videos
iLive
Blogs





Our Network

Times LIVE Dating
Sowetan LIVE
Sport LIVE
Sunday World
Books LIVE
BDlive
Times Media LIVE


Social Network

Facebook Page
Twitter





Partner Sites

Exclusive Books
Junction Sites
    Career
    Auto
    Property
BDFM
Map IT
NuMetro
I-Net Bridge





Online Services

Advertise Online
Subscribe To Newsletter
Competitions
Mobile
RSS Feeds
Syndication


Print Services

Advertise In Print
Subscription Services
E-edition





Projects

Heritage Project
ReadRight





Contact Us

Contact Details


Other

Site Map
Terms & Conditions
Ethics Policy
Register of Interests








Times LIVE
© 2013 Times Media Group. All rights reserved.
            	Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy.
            













Heatmap plugin


