Front Sight Student of the Week   Shelby Wax - YouTube

 
Sign in Search 
Upload  
 




      Dashboard
    






      Video Manager
    






      Analytics
    






      Settings
    

Guide 
 





Loading...
    




 










 




 

































    Front Sight Student of the Week   Shelby Wax
  


 









Front Sight Firearms Training Institute·155 videosSubscribeSubscribedUnsubscribe 5,362 








                        Subscription preferences


                



Loading...








Loading...
    











Working...








 
    1,325
  






22
       
1




Like  
Sign in to YouTube

      Sign in with your Google Account (YouTube, Google+, Gmail, Orkut, Picasa, or Chrome) to like Front Sight Firearms Training Institute's video.

    


















Sign in 


 
Sign in to YouTube

      Sign in with your Google Account (YouTube, Google+, Gmail, Orkut, Picasa, or Chrome) to dislike Front Sight Firearms Training Institute's video.

    


















Sign in 






About 


Share 


Add to 

Sign in to YouTube

      Sign in with your Google Account (YouTube, Google+, Gmail, Orkut, Picasa, or Chrome) to add Front Sight Firearms Training Institute's video to your playlist.

    


















Sign in 

















Published on May 31, 2013



No description available.





Category
        

Education



License


Standard YouTube License
  







Show more 


Show less 










Loading...
    










Loading...
    








Loading...
    








Loading...
    





Sign in 




Ratings have been disabled for this video.




Rating is available when the video has been rented.




      This feature is not available right now. Please try again later.
    












Loading...
    

















            Uploads from Front Sight Firearms Training Institute
          


by Front Sight Firearms Training Institute























1 Determined Adversary














Front Sight Student of the Week - Melissa Kendall














Front Sight Student of the Week   Shelby Wax














Hostage Taker Headshots at Front Sight














New Taste of Front Sight














Diana DeGette Is Clueless On Gun Control














Front Sight Student of the Week - Joanna Radford














FL Lawmaker Wants Anger Mgmt. before Ammo Purchase - Fox & Friends - 3-9-13














Canadian News Anchor Gives Warning To American Gun Owners














Gun Control Works














Armed Robbers vs Security Guard with AR-15














Sheriffs Against Obama Regime














Dan Bongino @ Guns Across America Rally in Annapolis, MD














Gun Violence Prevention Testimony - Henson














Gun Violence Prevention Testimony - Bill Stevens














School Shooters and Antidepressants- What's the Link














Obama: I Will NOT Take Your Guns away














Gun Control in Australia














Gun Control in UK














Piers Morgan's Gun Control Stats are Incorrect














Joe Biden: "If our actions result in only saving one life..."














Jesse Ventura Debates Piers Morgan on Gun Control














Larry Pratt schools CNN's Piers Morgan Over Gun Rights














2 dead at Clackamas, Oregon Shopping Mall STOPPED By Licensed GUN Carrier














Interview WIth A Gunfighter














Front Sight Student of the Week - Debbie Cappello














Front Sight Student of the Week - Jordan Berchen














Front Sight Student of the Week - Marci Palmer














Front Sight Student of the Week - Zoe Thompson














Front Sight Student of the Week - Renee Amour














Front Sight Student of the Week - Cathy Parker














Front Sight Student of the Week - Jenny Scott














Front Sight Student of the Week - Tish Glenchur














Front Sight Student of the Week - Beverly Robinson














Front Sight Student of the Week - Talena Lorren














Front Sight Student of the Week - Jessica Agin














Front Sight Student of the Week - Lisa Kotz














Front Sight Student of the Week - Heidi Rockey














Front Sight Student of the Week - Bruce Bagin














Front Sight Student of the Week - Keith Brown














Front Sight Student of the Week - Ron Soussa














Front Sight Student of the Week - Anna Vadine














More Students on Front Sight Firearms Training














Front Sight Student of the Week - Sandra Fico














Honeymooners at Front Sight














Incredible People with Solid Morals at Front Sight














Protecting the Second Amendment














From Michigan To Front Sight














Police Officers Speak About Front Sight














Security Guard with the Mindset and Skill














Gunman Stops Knife Rampage














NYC Mayor Bloomberg Reveals How Crazy He Really Is














Student Shoot Home Invaders














Internat Cafe Shooting - Armed Response














Herb Smith - Front Sight Student of the Week














Front Sight Student of the Week - Kristen Salas














Roger Pence - College Professor - Front Sight Student of the Week














Veteran Defends Home - Shoots Intruder














A Taste of Front Sight














Sheriff Richard Mack on Front Sight














Ignatius Piazza on the Alex Jones Show














David Thweatt has armed Teachers at his School














Elderly Couple Mugged by their Motel














Ersland Charged With Murder in Pharmacy Shooting














Real Gunfighter Lance Thomas on Justice Files














Front Sight Challenge - Firearms Competition Reality Show














Front Sight Challenge - Firearms Competition Reality Show














Front Sight Gun Training Reports














Front Sight Firearms Training Dry Practice Manuals














Front Sight Scoped Rifle training














Front Sight Shotgun Training














Front Sight Submachine Gun training














Front Sight M16 training














Front Sight Handgun Training














Firearms Training Concealed Weapon Permit














Front Sight Ignatius Piazza Scoped Rifle














Ignatius Piazza Front Sight Shotgun training














Front Sight Ignatius Piazza Sub Machine Guns














Ignatius Piazza Front Sight Hand Gun training














Front Sight Ignatius Piazza M16 gun training














Ignatius Piazza Front Sight Shotgun Training











Advertisement
      






 









6:39
 

New Products from Rifle Dynamicsby ITStacticalFeatured18,864 









4:32
 

Armed Robbers vs Security Guard with AR-15by Front Sight Firearms Training Institute113,211 views 









8:51
 

Front Sight Student of the Week - Joanna Radfordby Front Sight Firearms Training Institute44,215 views 









2:08
 

Front Sight Student of the Week - Renee Amourby Front Sight Firearms Training Institute13,210 views 









4:10
 

Front Sight Student of the Week - Beverly Robinsonby Front Sight Firearms Training Institute3,010 views 









14:39
 

Front Sight vs US Shooting Academyby kiwitedferny7,443 views 









4:50
 

Using Your Front Sight In A Confrontationby Brian LaMaster49,725 views 









9:37
 

Improving your handgun shootingby World According To Jim148,805 views 









16:14
 

Front Sight 4-Day Handgun Training V-Log: Day 1by The Late Boy Scout30,963 views 









2:04
 

Front Sight 4 Day Defensive Handgunby DWTeamPilot21,247 views 









12:08
 

Front Sight Firearms Training Institute: Practical Rifle Course Review, Day 1by LDSPrepper3,681 views 









15:26
 

Front Sight Firearms Training Institute: Practical Rifle Course Review, Day 2by LDSPrepper2,198 views 









10:50
 

Understanding Sight Alignment & Sight Picture in the context of Defensive Shooting.by Rob Pincus112,812 views 









22:34
 

Installing Dovetail Front Sights with Dave Dawsonby DawsonPrecision109,976 views 









6:08
 

Personal Defense Network: Firearms Training Tips - Appropriate Open Carryby PersonalDefenseNet4,928 views 









4:40
 

Front Sight Student of the Week - Keith Brownby Front Sight Firearms Training Institute4,376 views 









3:43
 

3 Street Fight Self Defense Technique Principlesby cqctraining481,291 views 









5:43
 

Herb Smith - Front Sight Student of the Weekby Front Sight Firearms Training Institute49,682 views 









2:29
 

Front Sight Student of the Week - Talena Lorrenby Front Sight Firearms Training Institute15,964 views 









6:20
 

Front Sight Student of the Week - Jessica Aginby Front Sight Firearms Training Institute9,179 views


Loading more suggestions...
    

Load more suggestions 

 







 

 
Language:
  
  English
 


 
Country:
  
  Worldwide
 


 
Safety:
  
Off
 


 
Help






Loading...
    






Loading...
    






Loading...
    


 About
Press & Blogs
Copyright
Creators & Partners
Advertising
Developers
 Terms
Privacy

Policy & Safety
  
Send feedback
Try something new!









Loading...











Working...








Sign in to add this to Watch Later

    




Sign in to add this to Watch Later
  






        Loading playlists...
    







Back




 

 
 
 
