President Obama receives condolences from Russian President Vladimir Putin for Boston bombing - NY Daily News 











                  Friday, April 19, 2013  NYDailyNews.com /    U.S         Follow @nydailynews        


Jobs


Classifieds


Contests


Reader Offers


Home Delivery


Services


Apps

   Search Field      site   web   blogs  Powered by Yahoo   
   Daily News  
   America    New York      News     More of News :   U.S     World     Desi     2013 NYC Elections     Crime     The Week     News Pics     Blogs       Politics   Sports     Showbiz     Opinion     Living     Photos     Video    Autos    
          U.S     
  President Obama receives condolences from Russian President Vladimir Putin for Boston bombing In addition to taking Putin's phone call, Obama was joined in the Situation Room on Friday by Vice President Biden, FBI Director Robert Mueller, Attorney General Eric Holder and other top aides and advisers.     By   Kristen A. Lee     / NEW YORK DAILY NEWS    Friday, April 19, 2013, 10:38 AM                 Print            Print  Comment             
	President Obama met with his national security team in the Situation Room Friday morning to discuss developments in Boston. Pictured, from left, are: FBI Director Robert Mueller, homeland security adviser Lisa Monaco, Attorney General Eric Holder, deputy national security advisor Tony Blinken and Vice President Biden. 
    
President Obama spoke with Russian President Vladimir Putin on Friday, and the two leaders pleged to continue joint counter-terrorism efforts in the wake of the Boston Marathon bombings. 

	Putin expressed his condolences on behalf of the Russsian people over the loss of life in the Boston attacks, and Obama praised the Russian leader's help in the days following Monday's bombings.

	Earlier in the day, Obama was surrounded by his top advisers on Friday as the city of Boston and its surrounding suburbs were locked down while authorities hunted a suspected terrorist presumed to be armed and dangerous.

	Secretary of State John Kerry, Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel and CIA Director John Brennan were all at the White House Friday afternoon as the massive manhunt continued.
RELATED: COPS CLOSING IN ON SECOND BOSTON MARATHON SUSPECT
	"A number of Cabinet Secretaries and other senior officials are at the White House to participate in a previously scheduled meeting of National Security Principals," a White House adviser said.

	Obama’s former chief of staff, Rahm Emanuel was also seen entering the White House on Friday.

	A White House official told Buzzfeed that Emanuel often stops by the White House when he’s in town and there is no “specific topic” for his visit.

	Emanuel, now the mayor of Chicago, told an ABC News reporter he was there “to think big thoughts.”
RELATED: BOSTON MARATHON BOMBINGS MANHUNT: A TIMELINE

Susan Walsh/AP 
President Obama addressed an interfaith service for victims of Monday's Boston Marathon bombing at the Cathedral of the Holy Cross in Boston on Thursday. 

	The Boston area was on lockdown Friday morning as police hunted for 19-year-old Dzhokhar A. Tsarnaev, a suspect in Monday’s deadly marathon bombings.

	His brother, 26-year-old Tamerlan Tsarnaev, was gunned down by police overnight.

	At the State Department, Kerry declined to comment on the implications of the brothers’ Chechen background.

	Earlier Friday morning, Obama and Vice President Biden were joined in the Situation Room by their national security advisers for a briefing on the bombing investigation and manhunt.
RELATED: OBAMA DECLARES BOSTON ‘WILL RUN AGAIN’ AT INTERFAITH SERVICE 
	The Situation Room briefing also included FBI Director Robert Mueller, Attorney General Eric Holder and other top aides and advisers.

	Kerry, Brennan and Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano joined the morning meeting by video conference.

	The Situation Room briefing began shortly after 9:45 a.m. and wrapped up about an hour later.

	Obama was also updated throughout the night about the developments in Boston and the suburb of Watertown, where the hunt has focused.

	The White House daily press briefing was delayed until further notice.

	klee@nydailynews.com
  
 Post a Comment » 
   Comments   See All Comments  [Discussion Guidelines ]  To post your comments, please, Sign in » . X           Show more comments         Ads by Yahoo!                Most Popular      Most Read   Most Shared      1   Cops closing in on second Boston Marathon suspect     2   Did suspected bomber walk past youngest victim? Photo appears to show two together     3   Bomb victim helped ID suspects from hospital bed      4   One suspect in Boston Marathon bombings DEAD     5   Boston Marathon suspects Tamerlan, Dzhokhar Tsarnaev appeared to lead normal lives     6   Cambridge gas station attendant has brush with Boston bomb suspects: report       7   FBI releases images of Boston bombing suspects     8   Boston bomb suspect's website has Islam links      9   Boston Marathon runner questioned by cops says 'I didn't do it.'     10   F.B.I. joins search for Brown University student         1   Cops closing in on second Boston Marathon suspect     2   Did suspected bomber walk past youngest victim? Photo appears to show two together     3   Bomb victim helped ID suspects from hospital bed      4   One suspect in Boston Marathon bombings DEAD     5   Boston Marathon suspects Tamerlan, Dzhokhar Tsarnaev appeared to lead normal lives     6   Cambridge gas station attendant has brush with Boston bomb suspects: report       7   FBI releases images of Boston bombing suspects     8   Obama and Putin pledge joint counter-terrorism efforts     9   Teacher: I’m too racist to  molest black student      10   Boston bomb suspect's website has Islam links                   Editor's Picks    Cops closing in on second Boston Marathon suspect     Watertown residents reported dozens of gunshots Friday night as authorities continued their hunt for the last surviving suspect in the Boston Marathon bombing.     Day at the Races: April 20     Kentucky Derby points are on the line on Saturday at Keeneland in the Lexington Stakes, but it may not affect the Derby. The top four finishers will earn 20-8-4-2 points, respectively, in the Lexington and could likely earn a spot in the May 4 Derby field, but the connections of the runners have indicated they would likely pass the race in favor of the May 18 Preakness Stakes.     Chechen bombing suspects planted device feet from Russian flag     The Chechen immigrant suspects in the Boston Marathon bombings placed one of their explosives near a Russian flag flying close to the race’s finish line.     Boston cops get advanced screening of Sandra Bullock film 'The Heat'     "The Heat," a new cop comedy starring Sandra Bullock and Melissa McCarthy, will be screened in advance on Friday night for an audience of Boston federal agents and police officers.      Boston Marathon suspects Tamerlan, Dzhokhar Tsarnaev appeared to lead normal lives           They were the terrorists next door. Tamerlan and Dzokhar Tsarnaev had lived in the United States for years and appeared from the outside to be living normal lives - the older brother even declaring himself an Olympic hopeful for the U.S. boxing team.      Satellite finds three potentially life-friendly planets            Scientists have yet to find alien life forms or another world where water flows freely, but a recent discovery makes them thinking they are on the brink of locating many Earth-like planets. 

      On Thursday, astronomers announced in two different studies that NASA's Kepler telescope had spotted three far-off planets that could potentially support life.     Ke$ha posts nude photo on Instagram     Ke$ha isn't afraid to work her assets. The 26-year-old pop star followed in Rihanna's footsteps on Friday, posting a nude shot of herself to Instagram and Twitter.

          Elected officials blast MTA for neglecting Rockaways with new service cuts      Leave it to the MTA to create a “dream ride” to the Hamptons while slashing service to Sandy-impacted Rockaways. That was the message from elected officials on Friday who blasted the Metropolitan Transportation Authority for neglecting the storm-torn peninsula.     Justin Bieber, Selena Gomez reunite in Norway      Selena and Justin have reunited overseas. Selena Gomez touched down in Norway shortly before her ex, Justin Bieber, took the stage in the country's capital on Thursday.
          Brooklyn man caught in lesbian love triangle sentenced to 22 years to life            A Brooklyn man who claimed a female gang leader ordered him to kill a teenager for bedding her ex-girlfriend was sent upstate for life Friday.      Tamerlan Tsarnaev was an amateur boxing champ     Tamerlan Tsarnaev, the 26-year-old man who died early Friday morning after being involved in an intense firefight with police in Watertown, Mass., and who was the FBI's Suspect No. 1 in the terror bombing of the Boston Marathon Monday, was a former amateur boxing champion.     McDonald's warns on April sales     A queasy global economy and hungry competitors are giving McDonald's a bit of indigestion. The world's biggest fast-food chain on Friday warned it's expecting April sales to slip and reported a quarterly profit that fell short of analysts' expectations.     App delivers personalized dining recommendations     Ness 2.0 is catching up to Yelp, say its founders — with 4.5 million user-generated ratings so far.      NBC pulls ‘Hannibal’ episode after Boston bombs     NBC says it’s pulling an episode of its serial killer drama “Hannibal” out of sensitivity to recent violence, including the Boston bombings.     Did Boston carnage have its roots in Stalin's ruthless displacement of Muslims from Chechnya decades ago?           Did the carnage in Boston have its roots in Joseph Stalin's ruthless displacement of Muslims from Chechnya many decades ago in the depths of the Cold War?  The Tsarnaev family were ethnic Chechens, but they had hardly, if ever, lived in their homeland, ravaged by two bloody wars since the collapse of the Soviet Union.     Search continues for bodies amid rubble in Texas fertilizer plant explosion            As many as 60 people are still missing two days after a massive explosion in a Texas fertilizer plant decimated a small town, leaving at least 12 dead and injuring 200.           News Video

   

       





















Media Kit
Autos
Home Delivery
Newsletters
Businesses
Place an Ad
About our Ads
Contact Us
FAQ's
Feeds
Site Map




            Use of this website signifies your agreement to the Terms of Service and
            Privacy Policy. 
           
© Copyright 2013 NYDailyNews.com. All rights reserved.




 









   