New York Knicks Recaps, Scores, Stats, Photos - Homepage - NY Daily News











                  Friday, April 19, 2013  NYDailyNews.com /    Knicks         Follow @nydailynews        


Jobs


Classifieds


Contests


Reader Offers


Home Delivery


Services


Apps

   Search Field      site   web   blogs  Powered by Yahoo   
   Daily News  
   America    New York      News     Politics   Sports     More of Sports :   Baseball     Football     Basketball     Hockey     College     High School     More Sports     I-Team     Sports Pics     Blogs       Showbiz     Opinion     Living     Photos     Video    Autos    
          
  BREAKING  Police arrest three college-age suspects in New Bedford related to bombing investigation, Boston Globe reports

            x  
  

Basketball​​​
Knicks
Nets
Odds
Stats


  Knicks Playoffs '13 
  GHOSTS OF PLAYOFFS PAST? Melo searches for reversal of postseason failures      For all his worldly talent and postseason appearances, Carmelo Anthony has been mainly a playoff failure.  

  The Matchups: Knicks, Celtics ready for a Round 1 playoff rumble      Carmelo Anthony will have plenty of chances to confront Kevin Garnett without having to chase him all the way to the Boston Celtics’ team bus. In fact, Anthony and the Knicks are in position to send Garnett and his Celtics on a very early vacation.  
  Celtics star Garnett gets Melo with his trash talk      Kevin Garnett was anything Friday but the trash talker that sent Carmelo Anthony into a post-game tizzy earlier this season. The Celtics forward only complimented the Knicks and their star player on the eve of Saturday's playoff opener between the longtime rivals.   
 
  Lawrence: Scoring champ Melo needs to make his point      Deep down, Anthony had better feel ticked off about the way he’s been nothing more than a big-time loser at this time of the season. He’s got this well-deserved rap as a high-scoring playoff bust. This is the spring when he needs to start changing that identity.  
      NBA playoffs: The complete schedule         Lawrence: Scoring champ Melo needs to make his point         The Matchups: Knicks, Celtics ready to rumble         Melo searches for reversal of fortune         Knicks Insider: No Pablo means onus on Felton         Knicks Insider: 'Sheed calls it quits         Melo dethrones Durant as NBA's scoring king         Knicks Insider: Richardson back, right on 'Q'         Bondy: Things are looking up until Pablo goes down         Copeland nets 33, Prigioni sprains ankle in Knicks' win over Hawks      
  Lawrence: Who can beat the Heat?      Dominant throughout the regular season, it’s Miami’s championship to lose when the NBA playoffs start this weekend. With LeBron James putting together another MVP-caliber season, which would be his fourth in the last five seasons, the Heat blew away the competition.

  
    Knicks photos         Nets outlast Knicks on MLK Day   Led by Joe Johnson's 25 points, the Brooklyn Nets rallied for an 88-85...        Knicks K.O. Pistons in U.K.   Regardless of how this season turns out for the Knicks they can at lea...        PHOTOS: Brooklyn gets beating in first trip to MSG, 100-86   The Brooklyn Nets headed to MSG for the first time and they were welco...        PHOTOS: Garden STILL Jeremy's Lin-ter Wonderland   Jeremy Lin scores 22 points to lead the Rockets to a 109-96 win - the...        PHOTOS: Knicks rally to top Nets, 100-97   Jason Kidd burns his old team with a game-winning 3-pointer with 24 se...        PHOTOS: NY Knicks, Nets battle for New York supremacy   After Hurricane Sandy pushed back the season opener, the New York Knic...        Knicks head back to New York with loss after Game 5   The Knicks' tumultuous strike-shortened year, one that included the ph...        Melo and Co. end 13-game losing streak in the NBA playoffs   Dwyane Wade came up short on a last-second 3-pointer as the Knicks, wi...        Game 3: Knicks cold vs. Heat in rout   Without Amar'e Stoudemire and Jeremy Lin, LeBron James and the Miami H...        Knicks get glass kicked in Game 2 loss   It was a bad loss and a worse post-game: Amar'e Stoudemire punched a g...        LeBron dominates Knicks in Game 1   LeBron James dominated every facet of the Heat's 100-67 Game 1 win ove...        Knicks crush Blazers after D'Antoni's ouster   Mike D'Antoni resigns from the Knicks in a shocking move, but it didn'...        PHOTOS: Mike D'Antoni out as Knicks coach   After 3-1/2 seasons with the Knicks, Mike D'Antoni resigns as the team...        Isola's Knick Midseason Report Card   Jeremy Lin goes to the head of the class as Frank Isola hands out his...        Linsanity takes over the Knicks, NBA   Who is Jeremy Lin? Everyone knows by now. Take a look at his journey -...        Novak notches Knicks a win over Cavs   Steve Novak cans five 3-pointers and Jeremy Lin goes for 19 points and...        Knicks Lin-visible in Miami vs. LeBron   The Knicks Linsanity tour is blown off course by LeBron James, Dwyane...        Linsanity - the most outrageous fan signs   Check out the most ridiculous, and borderline offensive, signs that Li...        Lin & Melo flow as Knicks crush Hawks   Jeremy Lin and Carmelo Anthony were on the same page Wednesday night a...        Deron stops the Linsanity at Garden   Deron Williams hit a career-high eight 3-pointers as the Nets beat the...        Can't LIN 'em all: Knicks lose to Hornets   Two weeks of Lin-sanity and everything that entails finally got the be...        Lin leads Knicks past Kings at Garden   Jeremy Lin hands out 13 assists, plenty of alley-oops and gets the Gar...        Knicks 92, Lakers 85   Linsanity blankets Madison Square Garden Friday night to watch the 'Je...        Kobe and Lakers best Knicks 99-82   The Knicks once again didn't have enough offensebut Kobe Bryant did, a...        Jax's Warriors beat Knicks 92-78   Former Knick Mark Jackson, Warriors rookie head coach, beats the team...        Knicks open season in Merry fashion   Carmelo Anthony led the Knicks to a season-opening win over the Boston...        New York Knicks: NBA Draft Rewind   The Knicks hit the lottery - literally - when they selected Georgetown...        2011 NBA Playoffs: Knicks vs. Celtics   After a seven-year absence, the Knicks are back in the playoffs where...        Carmelo Anthony debuts at the Garden   Carmelo Anthony, after Monday's blockbuster trade sends the former Syr...        Knicks put buzz back in the Garden    Only two months into the season and life has been restored to Madison...        LeBron James Heats up the Garden    After stiffing the Knicks in the offseason, LeBron James brings his ta...        Knicks lose home opener to Trail Blazers 100-95   The Knicks go toe-to-toe with the Portland Trail Blazers in New York's...        Walsh's Garden Party   A closer look at some of the moves that Donnie Walsh has done since...        Knicks' Legends Night   The Knicks' honored some of the greatest contributor's to the team's l...        Krypto-Nate slam dunks Superman   Superman was no match for Krypto-Nate Saturday night. Nate Robinson, t...        LeBron triples his fun   LeBron James didn't match Kobe Bryant's mystical 61 points, but he man...        Kobe scores 61   Kobe Bryant sets a Madison Square Garden record with 61 points against...        Future Knicks?   LeBron James and Dwyane Wade may be the biggest names associated with...        Meet the 2008-09 Knicks   Here is the 2008-09 Knicks roster and the players that get ready to ti...        Mike D'Antoni's Hometown   News brings you to the small town of Mullens, West Virginia, famous fo...        Knicks: Many Coaches, Few Titles   It's been a long time - and a long line of coaches - since the Knicks...        Patrick Ewing gets Hall call   Knicks great Patrick Ewing was elected to the Naismith Basketball Hall...        Knicks fans have their say   The Knicks may have gotten a rare win on Wednesday, but the Garden fan...           





Standings



Schedule







Knicks Leaders





Copyright © 2010 by STATS LLC. All rights reserved. 





   More Knicks  

    Celtics star Garnett gets Melo with his trash talk       Kevin Garnett was anything Friday but the trash talker that sent Carmelo Anthony into a post-game tizzy earlier this season. The Celtics forward only complimented the Knicks and their star player on t...         Chandler '100 percent,' ready to get physical with C's       Tyson Chandler, who declared himself '100 percent' healthy and ready to man the middle in Game 1 against the Celtics, is thinking big with the playoffs slated to start Saturday against Boston.         NBA playoffs: The complete schedule       With the NBA regular season officially over, the NBA playoff schedule is officially set. The Knicks, led by the NBA's leading scorer, Carmelo Anthony, will kick off the postseason 3 p.m. on Saturday a...         Lawrence: Scoring champ Melo needs to make his point       Deep down, Anthony had better feel ticked off about the way he’s been nothing more than a big-time loser at this time of the season. He’s got this well-deserved rap as a high-scoring playoff bust. Thi...         The Matchups: Knicks, Celtics ready to rumble       Carmelo Anthony will have plenty of chances to confront Kevin Garnett without having to chase him all the way to the Boston Celtics’ team bus. In fact, Anthony and the Knicks are in position to send G...         Melo searches for reversal of fortune       For all his worldly talent and postseason appearances, Carmelo Anthony has been mainly a playoff failure. There are always overriding circumstances, of course. It may have been a bad matchup, injuries...         Knicks Insider: No Pablo means onus on Felton       Mike Woodson was happy to have what he called "a full deck" at practice Thursday, but the Knicks are likely to be without guard Pablo Prigioni when the playoffs open Saturday against Boston.    
 
    Knicks Insider: 'Sheed calls it quits       Rasheed Wallace announced his retirement on Wednesday just two days after re-injuring his surgically repaired left foot in the Knicks loss in Charlotte.         Melo dethrones Durant as NBA's scoring king       Carmelo Anthony has won the title — the NBA scoring title, that is.  Neither Anthony nor Oklahoma City's Kevin Durant will play in their team's respective season finales Wednesday, meaning Anthony wil...         Knicks Insider: Richardson back, right on 'Q'       With several of their injured big men expected to be back when the playoffs start Saturday, the Knicks added some perimeter help Tuesday by bringing back swingman Quentin Richardson.           Bondy: Things are looking up until Pablo goes down         Copeland nets 33, Prigioni sprains ankle in Knicks' win over Hawks         Celtics planning to tighten security         Woodson: Amid tragedy, Knicks must ‘compete’         Knicks' loss to Bobcats takes backseat to Boston tragedy         They're No 2! Knicks clinch East's second seed         Lawrence: In playoffs, Knicks need Chandler, not Amar'e         Knicks Insider: Big help on the way         K-Mart: I'll be ready for playoffs         Home court at stake against Pacers         Raissman: After silencing Thomas, MSG should hire him as studio voice         Melo, Smith each score 31 points in 101-91 win over Cavs         NBA power rankings: Kobe and the race out West         Isola: Release cruel twist for Thomas         Raissman: Knicks' ratings bear watching         Knicks' 13-game streak ends as Bulls, Nate stun in OT         Knicks Insider: Singleton in,Thomas out         Injuries forcing Knicks to play small         Back on Top: Melo's scoring tear continues as Knicks clinch Atlantic Division         Isola: Knicks can't escape with division title unscathed      
     Ads by Yahoo!                
Knicks Video 
  
      Apr 18th, 3:20PM    Amar'e Stoudemire unlikely to return for Celtics series says Knicks coach Mike Woodson     Amar'e Stoudemire (knee) was on the court briefly while the Knicks were shooting around in practice, but Woodson doesn't expect him to return       Apr 18th, 2:43PM    Tyson Chandler says he's 100 percent for the start of the Knicks-Celtics playoff series     Tyson Chandler and the Knicks are thinking big with the playoffs slated to start Saturday against Boston.

The All-Star center, who missed the       Apr 18th, 10:48AM    Pablo Prigioni questionable for Game 1 vs. Celtics with sprained ankle     Pablo Prigioni is listed as questionable for Game 1 against the Celtics on Saturday after suffering a sprained right ankle in the regular season           Most Popular      Most Read   Most Shared      1   The Matchups: Knicks, Celtics ready to rumble     2   Lawrence: Scoring champ Melo needs to make his point     3   Celtics star Garnett gets Melo with his trash talk     4   Melo searches for reversal of fortune     5   Chandler '100 percent,' ready to get physical with C's     6   Knicks Insider: No Pablo means onus on Felton     7   Nets run this town for now, beat Knicks in Brooklyn, 96-89     8   Raissman: After silencing Thomas, MSG should hire him as studio voice     9   Melo dethrones Durant as NBA's scoring king     10   Knicks Insider: Richardson back, right on 'Q'         1   Lawrence: Scoring champ Melo needs to make his point     2   Celtics star Garnett gets Melo with his trash talk     3   The Matchups: Knicks, Celtics ready to rumble     4   Melo searches for reversal of fortune     5   Chandler '100 percent,' ready to get physical with C's     6   Bondy: Things are looking up until Pablo goes down     7   Former Knick McDyess retires     8   TNT to carry Knicks-Celtics opener     9   Howard poses sizeable challenge for Amar'e     10   Knicks expected to pursue Spurs' Parker                  Knicks Daily News Pix      The Daily News has all the legendary Knicks including Walt, Willis, Patrick and more. Get in-game action and behind-the-scenes photos of your favorite legendary Knickerbocker.    Buy a Photo           


      





















Media Kit
Autos
Home Delivery
Newsletters
Businesses
Place an Ad
About our Ads
Contact Us
FAQ's
Feeds
Site Map




            Use of this website signifies your agreement to the Terms of Service and
            Privacy Policy. 
           
© Copyright 2013 NYDailyNews.com. All rights reserved.




 









   