WKNO FM | NPR for the Mid-South



Jump to Navigation










Listen Live
On Air Now


On-Air Schedule
Contact
Support this station



 



WKNO
Part of the NPR digital network


 
 











Home


Schedule


News


Mid-South News


Mid-South Features


Checking on the Arts


Memphis Moments


Behind the Headlines


Commentary


Counterpoint




Membership


Channel 10





 



Search form

Search 







 
 








Connect with Us

Find us on FacebookFollow us on Twitter

 




 

Now Playing



Loading streams...




 


Join Our Email List

 




 

Podcasts & RSS Feeds



All ContentcloseNews podcastsUse iTunesUse a different playerRSS 
View all podcasts & RSS feeds 




 
 








Shots, Explosions Heard As Boston Manhunt Continues
Listen To NPR's Coverage Of The Manhunt In Boston(We most recently updated this post at 7:39 p.m. ET. See this note about how we cover news such as this.)











Shots, Explosions Heard As Boston Manhunt Continues
Listen To NPR's Coverage Of The Manhunt In Boston(We most recently updated this post at 7:39 p.m. ET. See this note about how we cover news such as this.)











Bacteria On Dog Lovers' Skin Reveal Their Affection  
Well, it looks like there really is such as thing as a dog person.Humans who share their homes with canines also share the similar bacterial houseguests on











Losing A Leg, But Gaining A Sense Of Purpose
In 1987, Jack Richmond was driving a forklift at work when the vehicle overturned onto him, crushing his leg below the knee. His daughter, Reagan, was just











In 'Which Way,' A War Photographer In His Element 
At the 2011 Academy Awards, the film Restrepo was among the documentaries nominated for an Oscar. It follows an American platoon on a remote mountaintop in











 
 



Local News




 Tennessee Lawmakers Lift Ban On Municipal Schools 
 
 
  
 If the governor does not veto a bill passed Monday, then the suburbs outside of Memphis will be able to restart a process to open municipal schools... 
   

 Memphis Doctor Counsels Obese Seniors On Weight Loss 
 
 
  
 A provision of the Affordable Care Act requires that Medicare pay for obesity counseling by primary care physicians. The federal health insurance... 
   

 Capitol Hill Conversation: Animal Cruelty Bill May Not Be What It Seems 
 
 
  
 One of the last remaining skirmishes in the Tennessee General Assembly this year pits the interests of agriculture against animal rights activists.... 
   

 Radio Roundtable: A Look At The Sustainability Of Memphis City Pensions 
 
 
  
 This week on the Behind the Headlines Radio Roundtable, a conversation about the sustainability of Memphis city pensions. Kemp Conrad, from the... 
   

 Allen James Walker 
 
 
  
 Allen James Walker was born a slave near Germantown in 1845. During the Civil War, Walker was one of the thousands of local slaves who escaped from... 
   


more news 


 
 








Mugs and Totes and Umbrellas, Oh My! 
It's Pledge Week! Make a pledge of support to WKNO-FM and let us thank you with one of these great gifts.

See more...





 

Latest from NPR



  
 Older Suspect Described As Controlling, Manipulative 
 Laura Sullivan tells Robert Siegel that she has been learning more about the... 

 Boston On Lockdown: 'Today Is So Much Scarier' 
 Update at 7:10 p.m. ET. Back Inside: Following reports of sudden, heavy police... 

 Boston Lifts Citywide 'Shelter In Place' Orders 
 The Massachusetts state police held a press conference on the latest... 

 Watertown, Mass., Residents Describe Being Caught In Shoot-Out 
 We hear some voices from Watertown, Mass., the Boston suburb where police and... 

 Stubbornly, Manchin Maintains Optimism On Background Checks 
 Sen. Joe Manchin, the West Virginia Democrat who lent his name to bipartisan... 
 

more news 


 
 




















WKNO FM

American Public Media
BBC
PRI
NPR




 
 









Listen Live


WKNO MP3 Stream
WKNO HD-2 MP3 Stream
View on Mobile






Inside WKNO


Staff 
History 
Performance Club
Book Club






Support


Vehicle Donation
Become a Member
Partners in Excellence
Business Support
Planned Giving






 
 









©2013 WKNO FM
Privacy
Directions
Contact Us
Discussion Policy
EEO Statement




 
 









