Tri-City fertilizer plants vow safety after Texas explosion - Business Breaking News - MiamiHerald.com');
    }
-->








































Customer Service
Digital Newspaper
Place an Ad
Miami.com
MomsMiami
el Nuevo Herald
Indulge
Public Notices



















































       
    Business Breaking News









 





Weather | Traffic









Home
News
Sports
Entertainment
Business
Living
Opinion
Jobs
Cars
Real Estate
Shop
Classifieds























Small Business|
Personal Finance|
Economy|
Technology & Reviews|
Workplace|
Real Estate|
Press Releases|
Markets




The Miami Herald > 


Business > 


       
    Business Breaking News






Posted on Friday, 04.19.13Posted on Friday, 04.19.13





 




email
print
comment










tool name
close [x]


      tool goes here
    


Tri-City fertilizer plants vow safety after Texas explosion Sara Schilling and Kai-Huei Yau       Tri-City Herald      




 



By Sara Schilling and Kai-Huei Yau

Tri-City Herald



      
      Finley — As rescuers searched Thursday for survivors of a deadly Texas explosion, a supervisor at a Mid-Columbia fertilizer manufacturer emphasized that his company’s top priority is safety.Dave Dey, production superintendent of Agrium’s Kennewick Fertilizer Operation, said the company will “monitor what happened in Texas very closely and see if there’s any learning there. If there are lessons from that, we’ll take them and apply them and make sure nothing like that happens (here).”He said Agrium “absolutely takes the surrounding community, personnel and process safety as the top priority. That’s number one. We will never sacrifice anything as far as that goes.”      

      And he said “our hearts go out” to the people affected by Wednesday’s explosion in Texas.The explosion at the fertilizer plant — described as a retail and storage facility, not a manufacturing site — happened in the small town of West. The death toll was reported by The Associated Press as up to 15 earlier Thursday, with more than 160 injured.Officials later backed off that number and refused to elaborate.Agrium Inc., an agricultural products and services supplier with headquarters in Alberta, Canada, has three sites in the Tri-City area within a few miles of each other along the Columbia River.The company’s local fertilizer manufacturing happens at the end of Bowles Road in the Finley area. Dey said the plant makes nitrogen-based liquid fertilizer, and the products used are noncombustible.He didn’t have an estimate of how much fertilizer is produced, saying it varies day to day. Sixty to 65 people work at the site.Gilbert and Bibiann Henjum have lived near Agrium for more than 30 years. The Texas explosion was on their minds Thursday, but the Finley couple said they aren’t worried.Gilbert Henjum said he’s more concerned about the nearby railroad tracks, where tank cars pass through, and a defunct chemical plant down the road where kids play.“Anywhere you live can be dangerous,” he told the Herald. “Heck, you could live on Clearwater (Avenue) and it could be dangerous."Nine years ago, the company accidentally released a large plume of nitrogen oxide gas into the air over Finley, prompting numerous 911 calls.No medical problems were reported and Agrium agreed to pay more than $24,000 for not immediately notifying the correct agencies.In Washington, there are an estimated 300-plus bulk fertilizer distributor license holders, including several in the Tri-City area, according to the state Department of Agriculture.The license is required for any site that distributes commercial fertilizer in bulk, nonpackaged form, the state Business Licensing Service website says.Like Agrium, Tessenderlo Kerley Inc. manufactures liquid fertilizer in the Finley area. Plant manager Robert Inouye said his facility has an emergency response plan in place, follows all local, state and federal regulations and “provides a great amount of training to our employees.” The plant has about 27 full-time workers.Jeremy Beck, Benton County’s emergency manager, said local officials will examine the Texas incident to ensure “nothing like that happens in this county.”He noted a response plan is in place in case of a communitywide event, and a local emergency planning committee that includes representatives from area businesses with hazardous materials on site meets quarterly.“We have a prepared community,” he said. “We have some of the best trained responders around.”First-responders in the Yakima Valley area were tested in 2005 when a fire at a Wilbur-Ellis Co. farm chemical warehouse in Grandview prompted the evacuation of hundreds of nearby residents, sent about 50 people to area hospitals complaining of respiratory problems and closed part of Interstate 82 for about 18 hours.Tests later showed the fire didn’t contaminate the surrounding area with pesticides or other dangerous chemicals.    





















 













Read more 


Breaking News - Business

 

stories from the Miami Herald

 





Stocks recover slightly, ending tough week


Strong earnings from a pair of technology giants helped the stock market recover some of its losses Friday, a positive end to Wall Street's worst week in five months.










 1366406740



 





IBM tugs Dow lower; S&P 500 up after rough week


A rare earnings miss for IBM is tugging the Dow Jones industrial average lower, while the rest of the market heads  slightly higher after a turbulent week.













 

Fitch cuts British bond rating from AAA


Fitch Ratings on Friday stripped the U.K. of its cherished top AAA credit score, citing a weaker economic outlook that continues to hinder the country in keeping control of its debt.













 










 

Get the Miami Herald's Business NewsVIA EMAIL





































Join theDiscussion
The Miami Herald is pleased to provide this opportunity to share information, experiences and observations about what's in the news. Some of the comments may be reprinted elsewhere on the site or in the newspaper. We encourage lively, open debate on the issues of the day, and ask that you refrain from profanity, hate speech, personal comments and remarks that are off point. Thank you for taking the time to offer your thoughts.
The Miami Herald uses Facebook's commenting system. You need to log in with a Facebook account in order to comment. If you have questions about commenting with your Facebook account, click here. 
Have a news tip? You can send it anonymously.  Click here to send us your tip - or - consider joining the Public Insight Network and become a source for The Miami Herald and el Nuevo Herald.





This affects comments on all stories.


















    Copyright 2013 Tri-City Herald. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.








Miami Herald
Web Search powered byYAHOO!SEARCH








Search: Horoscopes | Comics & Games | Data Sleuth 




























Get the Deal!















Value:
Discount:
You Save:























 




More 


       
    Business Breaking News




Breaking News - Business  
McDonald's fails to boost sales with Dollar Menu
 
GE 1Q earnings rise on NBC sale; Europe drags
 
Stocks tied to the consumer are hot. Maybe too hot
 
Poland's treasury minister fired over gas deal
 
Stock markets edge higher to end turbulent week
 
Beer makers and DOJ reach deal
 

More







Videos

















VIDEO




» More video




On Facebook




 







Quick Job Search



Enter Keyword(s)

Enter City

Select a State

 – All United States – 
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming

Select a Category

 – All Job Categories – 
Accounting
Admin & Clerical
Automotive
Banking
Biotech
Broadcast - Journalism
Business Development
Construction
Consultant
Customer Service
Design
Distribution  - Shipping
Education
Engineering
Entry Level
Executive
Facilities
Finance
General Business
General Labor
Government
Health Care
Hotel - Hospitality
Human Resources
Information Technology
Insurance
Inventory
Legal
Legal Admin
Management
Manufacturing
Marketing
Nurse
Other
Pharmaceutical
Professional Services
Purchasing -  Procurement
QA - Quality Control
Research
Restaurant - Food Service
Retail - Grocery
Sales
Science
Skilled Labor - Trades
Strategy - Planning
Supply Chain
Telecommunications
Training
Transportation
Warehouse




Advanced Job Search


Search by Category












News
Sports
Entertainment
Business
Living
Opinion
Classifieds
Services
Site Map








 RSS|
  My Yahoo|
Newsletters|
Mobile|
Alerts|
Twitter


Terms of Service|
Privacy Policy|
About our ads|
Copyright|
About The Miami Herald|
About the McClatchy Company|
Corrections|
Contact Us|
Advertise|
Work  for Us


Partners: 
El Nuevo Herald|
Newspaper in Education|
WLRN | Miami Herald News|
CBS4 WFOR-TV|
More

Copyright 2013 Miami Herald Media Co. All rights reserved



Report comment as: (required)
X



Obscenity/vulgarity
Hate speech
Personal attack
Advertising/Spam
Copyright/Plagiarism
Other



			Remarks: (optional)
		














































