Fertilizer Shows Its Deadly Side | WMOT



Jump to Navigation










Listen Live
On Air Now



Events
Contact
Support this station



 







JazzMainStreet Murfreesboro Jazz Fest 2013





Station News & EventsYour Legacy and WMOT





Arts & CulturePublic Can View Rare Apollo Mission Lunar Samples Friday at MTSU






 



WMOT

Part of the NPR digital network


 
 











Home


Music


Jazz 


Classical


Live Classical


Live Jazz


Jazz Tiny Desk Concert




News


Search Playlist


Programs


Schedule


People





 



Search form

Search 







 
 











 

Now Playing



Loading streams...




 

Connect with Us

Find us on FacebookFollow us on Twitter

 

Podcasts & RSS Feeds



All ContentcloseNews podcastsUse iTunesUse a different playerRSS 
View all podcasts & RSS feeds 




 


Join Our Email List

 
 











4:06pm
Fri April 19, 2013

E-mail 

Print 

Comments 

Share 


Tweet 



Google+ 




			The Salt		
Fertilizer Shows Its Deadly Side


By Daniel Charles 


Next imagePrevious imageEnlarge imageCredit © Peter Essick / National GeographicWorkers at a cooperative farm near Shanghai scatter fertilizer across fields of winter wheat. Image from the May issue of National Geographic magazine.Enlarge imageCredit © Peter Essick/National GeographicFertilizer runoff causes toxic algal blooms. This one covered a third of Lake Erie in 2011.



My first reaction when I heard details of this week's deadly fertilizer explosion in Texas was horror. My second thought was, "Maybe I shouldn't have pushed to change that headline." National Geographic magazine just published in its May issue my article about how nitrogen fertilizer has shaped our planet. The article, with Peter Essick's beautiful pictures, describes fertilizer's critical role in providing our food, but also its toll on water, air and wildlife. When the article went up online, the headline read, at first, "The Curse of Fertilizer." I didn't like it. It seemed only half of the story. I complained, and the headline soon changed to "A Mixed Blessing" — just as news broke that the West Fertilizer Co. plant had caught fire and exploded, destroying much of the small town of West, Texas. The blast killed at least a dozen people — including emergency workers who were trying to fight the fire — and injured more than 100 others. Investigators can't yet say for sure how the fire started or what exactly caused the later explosion. According to initial news reports, the plant mainly sold a kind of fertilizer called anhydrous ammonia. "Anhydrous," as farmers often call it, is the most concentrated form of nitrogen fertilizer; it's stored under pressure as a liquid, and it's nasty stuff, dangerous to touch or breathe, but it doesn't usually explode. Other local fertilizer dealers contacted by NPR, however, confirmed that West Fertilizer also sold another form of nitrogen: ammonium nitrate. In fact, the company reportedly told the Texas Department of State Health Services earlier this year that it was storing 270 tons of ammonium nitrate on site. Ammonium nitrate can explode. In fact, it's been used to make bombs. Timothy McVeigh combined it with fuel oil to blow up federal offices in Oklahoma City in 1995. So at the moment, it's the prime suspect in the West disaster. Some countries, including Germany and Ireland, have banned the use of this fertilizer unless it's mixed with other materials that make it less explosive. But the U.S. has resisted such steps. Farmers still like it: It's cheap, convenient, and in the small quantities that farmers handle, it's actually a lot less hazardous than anhydrous ammonia. And somehow or other, most farmers do need nitrogen. This is where we get back to the bigger story, the subject of my National Geographic article. Nitrogen, in whatever form, powers most of agriculture, whether it's in China or Iowa (both of which I visited while researching the article.) Through habit or necessity, we've come to depend on it. But there are costs. In the case of the West Fertilizer explosion, the damage is immediate and dramatic, but local. The environmental cost of nitrogen, meanwhile, is spread across entire continents and along hundreds of miles of shoreline. To quote the article: "Runaway nitrogen is suffocating wildlife in lakes and estuaries, contaminating groundwater and even warming the globe's climate." Is there any alternative? There certainly are ways to reduce the damage: applying fertilizer more effectively, planting vegetation that captures the excess, recycling animal manure and simply using less of the stuff. A long-running experiment at Michigan State University's W.K. Kellogg Biological Research Station, near Kalamazoo, shows how effective some of these measures can be. Researchers have been monitoring fields of corn, soybeans and wheat for 20 years. Even modest changes in management, says Michigan State's Philip Robertson, resulted in about a 30 percent drop in the amount of nitrogen released from these fields into the environment. Why don't all farmers do this? Many don't change their practices out of habit or because they don't personally pay for the environmental damage downstream. But farmers also don't want to take risks, especially when a wrong choice could mean losing the farm. Applying too much fertilizer often seems less risky than using too little. "Being a good steward," says Robertson, "currently has economic consequences that are unfair."Copyright 2013 NPR. To see more, visit http://www.npr.org/. 



View the discussion thread.



 

 
 
















WMOT

PRI
CPB
NPR
MTSU Sports
MTSU College of Mass Communication
Middle Tennessee University




 
 









CATEGORIES


Station News & Events
Top Stories
Arts & Culture
Jazz
Classical
Business






SUPPORT


Donate Your Car
Support Us
Giving Matters
NPR Shop






LISTEN LIVE


WMOT MP3
WMOT iTunes




ON AIR


Schedule
Programs
Hosts
View on Mobile






 

Events Calendar











Live Music: Classical
Nashville Symphony-Mozart's Piano Masterpiece-Suntrust Classical Series
Thursdays, Fridays, and Saturdays, April 18 - 20, 2013
 At Schermerhorn Symphony Center




Apr
26


Live Music: Classical
Nashville Ballet- Romeo and Juliet with the Nashville Symphony

 At TPAC's Jackson Hall




Apr
19


Live Music: Jazz & Blues
John Birdsong Trio

 At F. Scotts




Apr
19


Community Events
Friday Night Concert Series at Cannonsburgh Village

 At Cannonsburgh Village




Apr
19


Live Music: Classical
Blair Big Band

 At Ingram Hall, Blair School of Music






 
 









©2013 WMOT
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Employment
EEO
About Us




 
 









