Election 2012: Obama re-elected to second term  - NY Daily News 











                  Friday, April 19, 2013  NYDailyNews.com /    Politics         Follow @nydailynews        


Jobs


Classifieds


Contests


Reader Offers


Home Delivery


Services


Apps

   Search Field      site   web   blogs  Powered by Yahoo   
   Daily News  
   America    New York      News     Politics   Sports     Showbiz     Opinion     Living     Photos     Video    Autos    
          Politics     
  Election 2012: Obama re-elected to second term  'This happened because of you. Thank you' Obama tweeted to supporters as he secured four more years in the White House.      THE ASSOCIATED PRESS    Published: Tuesday, November 6, 2012, 6:32 PM  Updated: Wednesday, November 7, 2012, 1:23 AM                 Print            Print  Comment            Kevin Lamarque/Reuters 
	Supporters cheer for President Barack Obama while watching voting returns before his election night rally in Chicago, Tuesday.
   Take our Poll  Election 2012 Who do you hope will win?            Barack Obama     Mitt Romney      I'm not sure.              Related Stories   The politics of spilled blood    Chicago's gun violence murder rate eclipses New York's, despite the Big Apple having three times as many people as the Windy City   Jesse Jackson Jr. pleads guilty to misusing campaign funds, says 'tell everybody in Chicago I know I let them down'   Digital Firm Blamed for Romney Loss Now Working for Marco Rubio, RNC      
WASHINGTON (AP) — President Barack Obama rolled to re-election Tuesday night, vanquishing former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney and triumphing despite a weak economy that plagued his first term and put a crimp in the middle class dreams of millions.

"This happened because of you. Thank you" Obama tweeted to supporters as he celebrated four more years in the White House. Romney telephoned the president to concede.

After the costliest — and arguably the nastiest — campaign in history, divided government seemed alive and well. 

LIVE COVERAGE: CLICK HERE FOR UP-TO-THE-MINUTE ELECTION 2012 UPDATES

PHOTOS: PRESIDENT OBAMA WINS RE-ELECTION

Democrats retained control of the Senate with surprising ease. Republicans were on course for the same in the House, making it likely that Speaker John Boehner of Ohio, Obama's partner in unsuccessful deficit talks, would reclaim his seat at the bargaining table.

At Obama headquarters in Chicago, a huge crowd gathered waving small American flags and cheering. Supporters hugged each other, danced and pumped their fists in the air. Excited crowds also gathered in New York's Times Square, at Faneuil Hall in Boston and near the White House in Washington, drivers joyfully honking as they passed by.



		Carolyn Kaster/AP

		Obama hugs a volunteer during a visit to a campaign office in Chicago Tuesday.


With votes counted in 75 percent of the nation's precincts, Obama held a narrow advantage in the popular vote, leading by about 25,000 out of more than 99 million cast.

But the president's laserlike focus on the battleground states allowed him to run up a 303-203 margin in the competition for electoral votes, where the White House is won or lost. It took 270 to win.

Obama captured Ohio, Wisconsin, Iowa, New Hampshire, Colorado and Nevada, seven of the nine states where the rivals and their allies poured nearly $1 billion into dueling television commercials.

Romney was in Massachusetts, his long and grueling bid for the presidency at an unsuccessful end.

He won North Carolina among the battleground states.



		Rick Wilking/Reuters

		A Romney supporter looks somber as voting returns are announced at an election night rally for Mitt Romney in Boston.


Florida remained too close to call, a state where there were long lines of voters kept the polls open in some areas well past the appointed poll close time..

The election emerged as a choice between two very different visions of government — whether it occupies a major, front-row place in American lives or is in the background as a less-obtrusive facilitator for private enterprise and entrepreneurship. 

EMPIRE STATE BUILDING LIGHTS UP TO BROADCAST ELECTION RESULTS

The economy was rated the top issue by about 60 percent of voters surveyed as they left their polling places. But more said former President George W. Bush bore responsibility for current circumstances than Obama did after nearly four years in office.

That bode well for the president, who had worked to turn the election into a choice between his proposals and Romney's, rather than the simple referendum on the economy during his time in the White House. 

 

Charles Dharapak/AP

Down to the wire: Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney sits on his campaign plane at Boston's Logan Airport, Tuesday evening. 


Unemployment stood at 7.9 percent on election day, higher than when he took office. And despite signs of progress, the economy is still struggling after the worst recession in history.

There was no doubt about what drove voters to one candidate or the other. 

OBAMA AND ROMNEY MAKE FINAL PUSH BEFORE THE POLLS CLOSE

About 4 in 10 said the economy is on the mend, but more than that said it was stagnant or getting worse more than four years after the near-collapse of 2008. The survey was conducted for The Associated Press and a group of television networks.

In the battle for the Senate, Democrats won seats currently held by Republicans in Indiana and Massachusetts.

In Maine, independent former Gov. Angus King was elected to succeed retiring GOP Sen. Olympia Snowe. He has not yet said which party he will side with, but Republicans attacked him in television advertising during the race, and Democrats rushed to his cause. 



		John Gress/Reuters

		Supporters cheer and wave flags as Obama's election returns are announced.


Polls were still open in much of the country as the two rivals began claiming the spoils of a brawl of an election in a year in which the struggling economy put a crimp in the middle class dreams of millions.

The president was in Chicago as he awaited the voters' verdict on his four years in office. He told reporters he had a concession speech as well as victory remarks prepared. He congratulated Romney on a spirited campaign. "I know his supporters are just as engaged, just as enthusiastic and working just as hard today" as Obama's own, he added.

Romney reciprocated, congratulating the man who he had campaigned against for more than a year.

PHOTOS: AMERICANS HIT THE POLLS 

Earlier, he raced to Ohio and Pennsylvania for Election Day campaigning and projected confidence as he flew home to Massachusetts. "We fought to the very end, and I think that's why we'll be successful," he said, adding that he had finished writing a speech anticipating victory but nothing if the election went to his rival.

But the mood soured among the Republican high command as the votes came in and Obama ground out a lead in critical states.

Like Obama, Vice President Joe Biden was in Chicago as he waited to find out if he was in line for a second term. Republican running mate Paul Ryan was with Romney in Boston, although he kept one eye on his re-election campaign for a House seat in Wisconsin, just in case. 



		Mario Tama/Getty Images

		Election Day is coming to a close: New York City firefighter Terence O'Donnell casts his ballot in a makeshift tent at Scholars' Academy, PS 180, in the Rockaways, a neighborhood that was hard-hit by Hurricane Sandy.


The long campaign's cost soared into the billions, much of it spent on negative ads, some harshly so.

In the presidential race, an estimated one million commercials aired in nine battleground states where the rival camps agreed the election was most likely to be settled — Ohio, New Hampshire, Virginia, Florida, North Carolina, Wisconsin, Iowa, Colorado and Nevada.

In a months-long general election ad war that cost nearly $1 billion, Romney and Republican groups spent more than $550 million and Obama and his allies $381 million, according to organizations that track advertising. 

FIRST-TIME VOTERS PICK OBAMA BY TWO-TO-ONE MARGIN: POLL

In Virginia, the polls had been closed for several minutes when Obama's campaign texted a call for volunteers "to make sure everyone who's still in line gets to vote." 

 

Kevin Lamarque/Reuters

Vice President Joe Biden holds hands with a poll worker as he leaves a voting booth in Greenville, Del. Tuesday.


In Florida, there were long lines at the hour set for polls to close. Under state law, everyone waiting was entitled to cast a ballot.

According to the exit poll, 53 percent of voters said Obama is more in touch with people like them, compared to 43 percent for Romney.

About 60 percent said taxes should be increased, taking sides on an issue that divided the president and Romney. Obama wants to let taxes rise on upper incomes, while Romney does not. 

 

Jeff Haynes/Reuters

Barbra Hunter of Chicago votes at the Urbanimal Pet Store polling place in Chicago, Ill., Tuesday.


Other than the battlegrounds, big states were virtually ignored in the final months of the campaign. Romney wrote off New York, Illinois and California, while Obama made no attempt to carry Texas, much of the South or the Rocky Mountain region other than Colorado.

There were 33 Senate seats on the ballot, 23 of them defended by Democrats and the rest by Republicans.

Democratic Rep. Chris Murphy, a Democrat, won a Connecticut seat long held by Sen. Joe Lieberman, retiring after a career that included a vice presidential spot on Al Gore's ticket in 2000. It was Republican Linda McMahon's second defeat in two tries, at a personal cost of $92 million.

The GOP needed a gain of three for a majority if Romney won, and four if Obama was re-elected. Neither Majority Leader Harry Reid of Nevada nor GOP leader Mitch McConnell of Kentucky was on the ballot, but each had high stakes in the outcome.

 

Jorge Dan Lopez/Reuters

A crowd gathers to watch election results at a hotel in Guatemala City Tuesday. 


All 435 House seats were on the ballot, including five where one lawmaker ran against another as a result of once-a-decade redistricting to take population shifts into account. Democrats needed to pick up 25 seats to gain the majority they lost two years ago.

Depending on the outcome of a few races, it was possible that white men would wind up in a minority in the Democratic caucus for the first time.

Speaker John A. Boehner, R-Ohio, raised millions to finance get-out-the-vote operations in states without a robust presidential campaign, New York, Illinois and California among them. His goal was to minimize any losses, or possibly even gain ground, no matter Romney's fate. House Democratic leader Rep. Nancy Pelosi of California campaigned aggressively, as well, and faced an uncertain political future if her party failed to win control.

In gubernatorial races, Republicans picked up North Carolina, where Pat McCrory won easily. The incumbent, Democratic Gov. Bev Purdue, did not seek re-election.

 

Marc Piscotty/Getty Images

Election workers open mail-in ballots at the Boulder County Clerk and Recorder's Office in Boulder, Colo.


In a campaign that traversed contested Republican primaries last winter and spring, a pair of political conventions this summer and three presidential debates, Obama, Romney, Biden and Ryan spoke at hundreds of rallies, were serenaded by Bruce Springstein and Meat Loaf and washed down hamburgers, pizza, barbecue and burrito bowls.

Obama was elected the first black president in 2008, and four years later, Romney became the first Mormon to appear on a general election ballot. Yet one man's race and the other's religion were never major factors in this year's campaign for the White House, a race dominated from the outset by the economy.

Over and over, Obama said that during his term the nation has begun to recover from the worst recession since the Great Depression. While he conceded progress has been slow, he accused Romney of offering recycled Republican policies that have helped the wealthy and harmed the middle class in the past and would do so again.

Romney countered that a second Obama term could mean a repeat recession in a country where economic growth has been weak and unemployment is worse now than when the president was inaugurated. A wealthy former businessman, he claimed the knowledge and the skills to put in place policies that would make the economy healthy again.



		Darin Oswald,The Idaho Statesman/AP

		Election officials at the Ada County Elections Office in Boise, Idaho, process absentee ballots on Election Day.


In a race where the two men disagreed often, one of the principal fault lines was over taxes. Obama campaigned for the renewal of income tax cuts set to expire on Dec. 31 at all income levels except above $200,000 for individuals and $250,000 for couples.

Romney said no one's taxes should go up in uncertain economic times. In addition, he proposed a 20 percent cut across the board in income tax rates but said he would end or curtail a variety of tax breaks to make sure federal deficits didn't rise.

The differences over taxes, the economy, Medicare, abortion and more were expressed in intensely negative advertising.

Obama launched first, shortly after Romney dispatched his Republican foes in his quest for the party nomination.

One memorable commercial showed Romney singing an off-key rendition of "America The Beautiful." Pictures and signs scrolled by saying that his companies had shipped jobs to Mexico and China, that Massachusetts state jobs had gone to India while he was governor and that he has personal investments in Switzerland, Bermuda and the Cayman Islands.

Romney spent less on advertising than Obama. A collection of outside groups made up the difference, some of them operating under rules that allowed donors to remain anonymous. Most of the ads were of the attack variety. But the Republican National Committee relied on one that had a far softer touch, and seemed aimed at voters who had been drawn to the excitement caused by Obama's first campaign. It referred to a growing national debt and unemployment, then said, "He tried. You tried. It's OK to make a change."

More than 30 million voters cast early ballots in nearly three dozen states, a reflection of the growing appeal of getting a jump on the traditional Election Day.
   
 
 Post a Comment » 
   Comments   See All Comments  [Discussion Guidelines ]  To post your comments, please, Sign in » . X           Show more comments         Ads by Yahoo!                Most Popular      Most Read   Most Shared      1   Cops closing in on second Boston Marathon suspect     2   Did suspected bomber walk past youngest victim? Photo appears to show two together     3   Bomb victim helped ID suspects from hospital bed      4   One suspect in Boston Marathon bombings DEAD     5   Boston Marathon suspects Tamerlan, Dzhokhar Tsarnaev appeared to lead normal lives     6   Cambridge gas station attendant has brush with Boston bomb suspects: report       7   FBI releases images of Boston bombing suspects     8   Boston bomb suspect's website has Islam links      9   Boston Marathon runner questioned by cops says 'I didn't do it.'     10   Two children found living in storage unit         1   Cops closing in on second Boston Marathon suspect     2   Did suspected bomber walk past youngest victim? Photo appears to show two together     3   Bomb victim helped ID suspects from hospital bed      4   One suspect in Boston Marathon bombings DEAD     5   Boston Marathon suspects Tamerlan, Dzhokhar Tsarnaev appeared to lead normal lives     6   Cambridge gas station attendant has brush with Boston bomb suspects: report       7   FBI releases images of Boston bombing suspects     8   Obama and Putin pledge joint counter-terrorism efforts     9   Teacher: I’m too racist to  molest black student      10   Boston bomb suspect's website has Islam links                        Live: POTUS On Boston Bombing Suspects     President Obama is addressing the nation tonight about the manhunt for the Boston Marathon bombing suspects. Watch live here: 


	
	
		
			
				         Ignoring Critics, NY's John Catsimatidis Doubles Down On Boston-Based Mayoral Messaging     A day after taking heat from his GOP rivals, John Catsimatidis isn't backing away from bringing the ongoing violence in New England into the          Q Poll Tabs: Anthony Weiner #2 In Hypothetical NY Mayor Primary; Negs Still High     Here are your crosstabs for today's new Quinnipiac poll showing Anthony Weiner getting 15% of the vote to Christine Quinn's 23% in a hypothetical          Document Drop: NYC's Cross-County GOP Brawl     Another day, another round of throwdown for NYC Republicans.

The tumult over an alleged massive corruption scandal to squeeze Democratic state            Apr 19th, 11:44AM    Schumer: Don't link Boston case and immigration reform without facts     Sen. Chuck Schumer (D-N.Y.) snapped back Friday at immigration reform opponents tying the Boston area terror manhunt to the emerging immigration       Apr 18th, 1:56PM    Reid Pulls Gun Control Bill: Measure All But Dead     Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid, D-Nev., has pulled the remnants of President Obama's gun control package form the Senate floor.

The chamber's             Politics Video



   

       





















Media Kit
Autos
Home Delivery
Newsletters
Businesses
Place an Ad
About our Ads
Contact Us
FAQ's
Feeds
Site Map




            Use of this website signifies your agreement to the Terms of Service and
            Privacy Policy. 
           
© Copyright 2013 NYDailyNews.com. All rights reserved.




 









   