 Texas Is Anti-EPA and Their Citizens Have Paid With Their Lives














Stay Connected



Socialize









 




Check out the latest on Politicus Sports:




 18 Apr 2013 - NFC West Draft Needs Breakdown
 16 Apr 2013 - We Shall Overcome: Why The Events in Boston Will Make America Stronger
 15 Apr 2013 - Two Confirmed Dead During One Of Our Nations Largest Sporting Events
 14 Apr 2013 - Lakers Kobe Bryant Suffers Devastating Injury
 14 Apr 2013 - Tianlang Guan Shouldn’t Be Babied at the Masters
 13 Apr 2013 - The Culture of Homophobia: Why We’re Years Away From Having An Openly Gay Professional Athlete
 12 Apr 2013 - NFC East 2013 Draft Needs
 08 Apr 2013 - Unitas Family Feud
 07 Apr 2013 - The NCAA Final Four Are Now Down To The Top Two.
 07 Apr 2013 - Williams slams Williams In Straight Sets






 
 


Senator Bernie Sanders 

Bernie Sanders Introduces Bill That Would Lead to Jail For Too Big To Fail 











 
 


Speaker John Boehner 

Boehner Might Actually Allow Votes on Guns and Immigration 






HOME
Sports
ALL TIME POPULAR POSTS
Proof of the GOP War on Women
The Dirty Thirty
Contact Us





Koch Block It
Voting Rights
The War on Women
Research
About Us
Privacy Policy
President Obama








Texas Is Anti-EPA and Their Citizens Have Paid With Their Lives 

By: Dennis SApr. 19th, 2013more from Dennis S








 




Follow @politicususa   





Texas state legislators hate the Environmental Protection Agency. They’ve made no secret of their distaste for EPA “regulations” in their state. They’ll take care of their own business, thank you and please EPA, butt out. You’re nosy agency is costing us jobs and money.
Well, an unknown number of citizens of the small town of West, Texas and the surrounding area, will never have to worry about their jobs again. They’re dead. West Fertilizer Company exploded like a mini-Hiroshima Wednesday night after an initial fire at 7:30 PM morphed into a giant blast. And who knows what the final casualty count may be as the number of injured will most likely exceed even those victimized in the Boston Marathon bombings. Accurate fatality numbers are hard to come by at this time because of the wide-spread nature of the blast and rubble still to be dug through. The numbers range from 8-10, to West Mayor, Tommy Muska’s original estimate of 35-36 to as many as 65-70 according to the West Director of Emergency Services, George Smith. Many of the West survivors will never have to worry about their jobs either as their injuries will render them incapable of ever working again.
But basically the secession-leaning, Ted Cruz, Rick Perry dumb-ass state of Texas will have triumphed over “The Man.” After being fined in 2006 for “failing to have a risk management assessment that met federal standards and after no Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA) inspections for the last five years, the West Fertilizer Company has been self-inspecting. They’ve assured officials that they conduct a safety inspection once a day. And even though the plant stores nearly 25 tons of one of the most dangerous chemicals on the planet, not to worry. The maximum leakage would be 10 minutes with zero injuries or deaths. The Texas Commission on Environmental Quality (TCEQ) was told that the tanks would not pose a danger. Did TCEQ ever follow up? Did they bother to challenge any of the company self-serving conclusions?




There are 3 Perry-appointed, full-time TCEQ Commissioners. You might remember that Perry lied when he said more and more scientists were questioning man’s contribution to global warming. Toby Baker is one of the Perry Commissioners. He was a former Natural Resources Policy adviser to Texas State Senator Craig Estes. Estes is an Oral Roberts grad who co-authored a draconian voter-ID bill, struck down by the courts and who serves on the board of the Texas Conservative Coalition Research Institute. The Institute’s site features a lengthy anti-fed regulation Op-Ed.
How proud Paul Ryan and his agency-slashing groupies must be. Their last austerity numbers for OSHA featured a cut of over 20% of the budget; somewhere around $100 million. Like all of his utter fool right-wing colleagues, Ryan believes that leaving worker safety in the hands of private company inspections works just fine.
Well, it doesn’t. Company owners and top management lie like most extremists Republicans. The tragedy is that it takes a death and injury count approaching 200 (or maybe more) to prove it. Compounding the tragedy is that there are two schools, a nursing home, a hospital, residences and at least one apartment complex (now flattened) to expose the lies.
Having come from a rural background, I can assure you that Anhydrous Ammonia (NH3; 1 part nitrogen, 3 parts hydrogen) high concentration nitrogen fertilizer is nothing to mess with (a key component of Tim McVeigh’s bomb). A drop of the stuff on your arm and you’d better have gallons of water to throw on it or you’ll damn near freeze (or burn) your arm off. In the field, a smart farmer will wear a long-sleeve work shirt, chemical protective tight-fitting goggles, cuffed rubber gloves and a respirator. That’s how potentially dangerous the stuff is.




Here’s the problem. On paper, it would seem unlikely that stored anhydrous ammonia would represent much of an explosion threat because the gas only ignites at about 20% vapor concentrations. The company swears their tanks were only filled to 85% capacity. All is well and good until something comes along that turns a benign gas into a volatile deadly mixture. And that’s what happened in West, Texas Wednesday evening. Experts will be looking for the cause of the rising enabling temperatures. Not to scare the citizenry even more, but there’s a minimal chance the explosion could have been intentionally enabled. I doubt that’s the case, however.
Like the Boston Marathon obscenity, this is still an evolving story. I think you’re going to find that early hints of lies, incompetence and greed are going to be pretty much on the mark. So, due largely to the intransigence of Republicans toward regulation, more children and adults die or are severely injured in an explosion that could have been avoided by honest oversight. Greater numbers have been wounded or maimed and still the love of guns and hatred of gays is enough to protect the ballot box for most Republican candidates.
Don’t give up. I think Republican and Independent women are starting to get it.

Texas Is Anti-EPA and Their Citizens Have Paid With Their Lives was written by Dennis S for PoliticusUSA, © Apr. 19th, 2013. All Rights Reserved




Related Posts :Now That He Needs Disaster Relief, Barack Obama Is Rick Perry's New Best Friend
Now that he needs disaster relief after the fertilizer plant explosion in West, TX, Gov. Rick Perry is f ...From The Boston Marathon to West, TX, The Cost of the Sequester Hits Home
With more than 780 troops still on state active duty in Massachusetts, the National Guard's warning abou ...Ron Paul: Texas Secession Should be On the TableRep. Ron Paul has weighed in on Gov. Rick Perry's secession talk for his state of Texas. Paul defended Perr ...After Calling Sandy Aid Wasteful, Ted Cruz Asks For All Available Resources for Texas
In January of 2013, before he became infamous for modernizing McCarthyism in the Senate halls, Sen. Ted ...Secessionist Governor Rick Perry Now Wants Obama Stimulus DollarsRepublican Gov. Rick Perry of Texas has gone from pondering his state's departure from the union because of ...By Blogsdna






2 Responses to Texas Is Anti-EPA and Their Citizens Have Paid With Their Lives 





 


aleda midgarden Reply


Apr. 19th, 2013 at 9:23 pm 



No, they won’t get it. They will blame President Obama.What do you think?  1  0 










 


phooeyrat Reply


Apr. 19th, 2013 at 9:27 pm 



The Texan people must be drinking a lot of really high powered cool-aide for them to allow bull-shit like this to happen too them.What do you think?  1  0 







Javascript must be enabled to post comments.

Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * 
Email * 
Comment


 characters remaining out of a maximum of 1000

 You may use these HTML tags and attributes: <a href="" title=""> <abbr title=""> <acronym title=""> <b> <blockquote cite=""> <cite> <code> <del datetime=""> <em> <i> <q cite=""> <strike> <strong>  




Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted!  

Notice: Comments which contain too many CAPITAL LETTERS will be automatically modified to standard sentence case.

 




Our Latest on Facebook




 Recent Posts


Texas Is Anti-EPA and Their Citizens Have Paid With Their Lives


Conservative Logic: Mass Shooters = More Guns, But 3 Immigrant Bombers = No Immigration


Glenn Beck Calls for Obama’s Impeachment Over Boston Terrorist Attack


House Republicans Praise Exxon for Arkansas Oil Spill That Taxpayers are Cleaning Up


After Calling Sandy Aid Wasteful, Ted Cruz Asks For All Available Resources for Texas



Recent Comments
jess on Glenn Beck Calls for Obama’s Impeachment Over Boston Terrorist Attackglblank on Glenn Beck Calls for Obama’s Impeachment Over Boston Terrorist Attackphooeyrat on Texas Is Anti-EPA and Their Citizens Have Paid With Their Livesdjchefron(Moderator) on Glenn Beck Calls for Obama’s Impeachment Over Boston Terrorist Attackfedded-up on Glenn Beck Calls for Obama’s Impeachment Over Boston Terrorist Attack


Shop our 4 More for 44 store




Public Service Advertisement




Our Sponsors

Blog advertising is good for you.





 





Jason Easley
Sarah Jones
Hrafnkell Haraldsson
rmuse



HOME
Sports
ALL TIME POPULAR POSTS
Proof of the GOP War on Women
The Dirty Thirty
Contact Us




©2008 - 2013,  PoliticusUSA.com. All rights reserved.




Website Privacy & Cookies






[email protected]
[email protected]
[email protected]
stainback
[email protected]














politicususa.com Webutation










