 Texas fertilizer plant explosion: 14 bodies recovered from site | World news | guardian.co.uk 







Turn autoplay off
Turn autoplay on


Please activate cookies in order to turn autoplay off




Jump to content [s]
Jump to comments [c]
Jump to site navigation [0]
Jump to search [4]
Terms and conditions [8]




Edition: US

UK







Your activity
Email subscriptions
Account details
Linked services



Profile


Mobile



		
	        About us
    


About us


Contact us


Press office


Terms of service


Privacy policy







		
	        Subscribe
    


Guardian iPhone


iPad edition


Kindle


Guardian Weekly


Digital edition















The Guardian
UK and World news
User comments







News


US


World


Sports


Comment


Culture


Business


Money


Environment


Science


Travel


Tech


Media


Life & style


Data







News




World news




Texas fertiliser plant explosion









Texas fertilizer plant explosion: 14 bodies recovered from site
Bodies include those of firefighters who were tackling a blaze at the West Fertilizer Company when blast occurred






Share




Tweet this








Email







Richard Luscombe in West, Texas and Matt Williams in New York	


guardian.co.uk,
				            Friday 19 April 2013 12.30 EDT




Jump to comments (…)





Texas Department of Public Safety Sergeant Jason Reyes, left, talks to reporters in West, Texas. Photograph: Ron T Ennis/AP


Rescuers sifting through the rubble of the Texas farming town that was shattered by a massive fertiliser plant explosion on Wednesday night, said on Friday that they had recovered 14 bodies, some of them emergency personnel who had been responding to an earlier fire.Sergeant Jason Reyes of the Texas Department of Public Safety, which is co-ordinating what he called a "search and recovery" effort rather than the previous day's "rescue", also confirmed that the number of reported injuries had risen from about 170 to "approximately 200". The official number of fatalities, however, appeared to contradict a claim from the mayor of West, Tommy Muska, who told reporters on Thursday that "around 35 people" were dead."I cannot speak on behalf of the mayor," Reyes said at a press conference early on Friday. "I have not talked to him today. We have left messages for him."The bodies, mostly of firefighters who were tackling a blaze at the West Fertilizer Company when a store of ammonia-based chemicals ignited, were taken to the Dallas forensic laboratory for identification, according to Reyes."It is with a heavy heart that I can confirm 12 individuals have been recovered from the fertilizer plant explosion. We know these bodies were in the area of the explosion," he said. "We continue with the recovery effort. We are still treating this as a crime scene, we will go in there and make sure we conduct a thorough investigation." He later updated the number of deaths to 14.He added that 50 homes had been destroyed by the blast, as well as three fire engines and one ambulance. About 150 buildings have been cleared and search teams have another 25 homes to visit once the structures have been made safe to enter.Although officials are not yet confirming identities, some of those known to have died were volunteer members of the West fire department, a 29-strong force whose members rushed to the plant after receiving a 911 call reporting a fire at about 7.30pm on Wednesday, about 25 minutes before the explosion. Local media named Jerry Chapman, 26, as one of the victims. In Dallas, mayor Mike Rawlings paid tribute to Kenny Harris, a 52-year-old father of three and a captain in the city's fire department, who was not on duty in West but who was killed after he went to assist the volunteers. 


				Searchers in protective suits walk through the blast zone of the fertilizer plant that exploded in West, Texas. Photograph: Fort Worth Star-Telegram/MCT via Getty Images
			

Officials from the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives (ATF), assisted by the US Chemical Safety Board, have begun their inquiry into the cause of the blast, which sent a fireball almost 100 metres into the air and left a giant crater where the plant had once been. The inquiry could take six months, an ATF spokeswoman said. Investigators will focus on which chemicals were stored at the plant. The West Fertilizer Company was licensed for 54,000lbs of anhydrous ammonia, a liquid nitrogen agricultural fertilizer that is stored in large reinforced steel tanks.Officials at first suggested the explosion was caused by the anhydrous ammonia igniting, but it was revealed Thursday through Texas state records that the plant also possessed 270 tons of ammonium nitrate, a much more volatile, dry solid, at the end of 2012. Records also suggested that in 2006, the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) issued a $2,300 fine for deficiencies in the plant's risk management plan.According to data from the Texas Commission on Environmental Quality and the EPA, the last documented regulatory visit to the plant took place in late 2007, as a follow-up to a complaint of an odour coming from the site. The Occupational Safety and Health Administration – a body tasked with making sure America's 7 million workplaces are safe for employees – has not made a site visit since 1985.Greg Abbott, the Texas state attorney, said on Thursday it was too early to say if anybody might be held criminally negligent. The owner of West Fertilizer, Don Adair, has not spoken publicly since the incident, although officials say he is co-operating with inquiries.Some of the 2,800 residents of the town, many of whom were evacuated on Wednesday night over fears of a second explosion, were allowed to return to their homes on Friday, to begin repairs or to salvage possessions if the buildings were too badly damaged. Many of those displaced are staying with friends and family, in local hotels or at a number of shelters set up by the American Red Cross and other charities."The reality of what happened will begin to set in after a day or two as people get back to their homes, and many will need support to help them through the grieving process," said Captain Rojelio Galabeas, the head of a team of Salvation Army volunteers from San Antonio.










Sign up for guardian.co.uk today
guardian.co.uk today is our daily snapshot of the top news stories, sent to your inbox at 8am
Sign up for the daily email







Print this
Share
Contact us




Send to a friend





Sender's name



Recipient's email address





Your IP address will be logged







Share



				Short link for this page:
				http://gu.com/p/3f9tp




StumbleUpon
				



reddit
				



Tumblr
				



Digg
				



LinkedIn
				



Google Bookmarks
				



del.icio.us
				



livejournal
				



Facebook
				



Twitter
				








Contact us





											                           Report errors or inaccuracies: reader@guardian.co.uk


											Letters for publication should be sent to: letters@guardian.co.uk






					If you need help using the site: userhelp@guardian.co.uk


					Call the main Guardian and Observer switchboard: +44 (0)20 3353 2000




Advertising guide


License/buy our content








Article history



About this article



Texas fertilizer plant explosion: 14 bodies recovered from site
		   		    									This article was published on
							guardian.co.uk
							at 12.30 EDT on Friday 19 April 2013. 
					   	It was last modified at 17.32 EDT on Friday 19 April 2013.
						  							




World news


Texas fertiliser plant explosion ·															

Texas ·															

United States 

More 			news
	




More on this story







 

 Texas explosion death toll reaches 14 as recovery operation winds down 

 Officials hopeful that there may be no more fatalities from Wednesday's fertiliser plant blast 


 

 Texas fertilizer plant explosion: no government watchdog visits since 2007 



 

 West, Texas: traumatised town reels from fertiliser plant explosion 



 

 Fertilizer plant explosion punctuates timeless calm of West-comma-Texas 



 

 Man has near misses with Boston bomb and Texas explosion 



 

 Texas explosion: fertiliser plant treated as crime scene after up to 15 die 



 

 Texas explosion devastates tight-knit town: 'It was like the whole earth shook' 



 

 Texas explosion: many casualties feared from fertiliser plant blast 



Multimedia







 

 Texas fertiliser plant explosion devastates town of West, near Waco – video 

 Amateur footage shows the moment a fireball rips through the town of West, near Waco in Texas, after an explosion at a fertiliser plant


 


 Moment of explosion near Waco, Texas - video 



 


 Texas fertiliser plant explosion - interactive 



 


 Texas fertilizer plant explosion - in pictures 



 

 Fertilizer explosions listed and US facilities mapped 










Share




Tweet this








Email






















Comments

Click here to join the discussion.
We can't load the discussion on guardian.co.uk because you don't have JavaScript enabled.















Guardian US on Twitter


The latest news and comment from our team of reporters, writers and editors in the US
Auto update every minute On | Off




MatthewWells: I seem to have accidentally tweeted the launch codes of the guardian's new drone
about 6 minutes ago



MatthewWells: p#p# z.     Z
  0@ @#
###### .
 ###xz #@ z
#P 
## . x x #. Z. Z lZz Z  z@#
about 9 minutes ago



janinegibson: This live blog, which began in the UK, has been going for 20 hours. It has over 4000 comments. It's about to end. http://t.co/TZFqGStUk8
about 21 minutes ago



• Follow our US team on a Twitter list






		
	        Today's best video
    








The Guardian Film Show


											                        
                                    			Our critics review Olympus Has Fallen, Love is all You Need  (above), Evil Dead and Fuck for Forest
		







What's in my cocaine?


											                        
                                    			How potentially toxic substances are used by drug dealers to 'cut' cocaine
		






Boston Marathon bombing suspects


											                        
                                    			FBI video of two men sought in connection with Monday's terrorist attack
		






New Zealand parliament breaks into song after legalising gay marriage


											                        
                                    			Music follows vote for same-sex marriage
		










On the Guardian today




World news
Boston bomb suspect Dzhokhar Tsarnaev in custody alive – live updates



World news
Chechnya connections build picture of Tamerlan and Dzhokhar Tsarnaev



World news
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev: Boston bombing suspect was 'a lovely, lovely kid'



World news
Tamerlan Tsarnaev – American life of dead Boston bombing suspect



World news
Boston Marathon bombing suspects - video



Technology
House passes Cispa cybersecurity bill despite warnings from White House












On World news





Most viewed


Latest




Last 24 hours



1. 
Boston bomb suspect Dzhokhar Tsarnaev in custody alive – live updates


2. 
Chechnya connections build picture of Tamerlan and Dzhokhar Tsarnaev


3. 
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev: Boston bombing suspect was 'a lovely, lovely kid'


4. 
Tamerlan Tsarnaev – American life of dead Boston bombing suspect


5. 
Boston Marathon bombing suspects - video


More most viewed




Last 24 hours



1. 
Boston bomb suspect Dzhokhar Tsarnaev in custody alive – live updates


2. 
Boston suspect captured alive after dramatic finish to day-long manhunt


3. 
Earthquake hits China's Sichuan province


4. 
Pier Luigi Bersani resignation plunges Italian politics into further chaos


5. 
Texas explosion death toll reaches 14 as recovery operation winds down


All today's stories












Sponsored feature























Top stories in this section










Top videos









Most popular









		
	        Today in pictures
    








BBC Sports Personality of the Year – in pictures


											                        
                                    			Bradley Wiggins capped his remarkable sporting year by taking home the big prize at the ceremony in London
		






Dinner, dusk and dancing Russians: my best winter shot


											                        
                                    			A glass of wine with a rough sleeper, Santa in trunks, a thousand partying Muscovites … in a My Best Shot special, top photographers pick the image that sums up winter for them
		






Monkey adopts kitten – in pictures


											                        
                                    			Kimon, an eight-year-old pet female long-tailed monkey, treats a kitten as her baby in Bintan Island, Indonesia
		












 
		
	        Hot topics
    




Eurozone crisis


Libya


Syria


Gaza


US elections 2012







License/buy our content

					
  |     			    				    

																																										
			
	
	
	
				
		
Privacy policy

					
  |     			    				    

																																										
			
	
	
	
				
		
Terms of service

					
  |     			    				    

																																										
			
	
	
	
				
		
US Advertising

					
  |     			    				    

																																										
			
	
	
	
				
		
A - Z index

					
  |     			    				    

																																										
			
	
	
	
				
		
About guardiannews.com



© 2013 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.









Share




Tweet this
































	
;



































