Boston Marathon victim Lu Lingzi mourned in Boston and around the globe - NY Daily News 











                  Friday, April 19, 2013  NYDailyNews.com /    U.S         Follow @nydailynews        


Jobs


Classifieds


Contests


Reader Offers


Home Delivery


Services


Apps

   Search Field      site   web   blogs  Powered by Yahoo   
   Daily News  
   America    New York      News     More of News :   U.S     World     Desi     2013 NYC Elections     Crime     The Week     News Pics     Blogs       Politics   Sports     Showbiz     Opinion     Living     Photos     Video    Autos    
          U.S     
  Boston Marathon victim Lu Lingzi mourned in Boston and around the globe Lu Lingzi, 23, the Marathon bombing's third death, was mourned online by thousands in China and the United States as a Boston University grad student who loved food, art, Ben and Jerry's ice cream, Downton Abbey and her adventures in the United States. Victims 8-year-old Martin Richard and 29-year-old Krystle Campbell also died. Dozens still hospitalized with injuries after doctors surgically removed concrete, wood, metal and plastic shrapnel out of the patients' bodies.     By   Daniel Beekman   AND    Stephen Rex Brown     / NEW YORK DAILY NEWS    Published: Wednesday, April 17, 2013, 9:02 PM  Updated: Wednesday, April 17, 2013, 11:00 PM                 Print            Print  Comment            AP 
	 Martin Richard, 8, Krystle Campbell, 29, and Lingzi Lu, a Boston University graduate student were killed in the explosions at the finish line of the Boston Marathon Monday, April 15, 2013, in Boston. 
    Related Stories   Third Boston Marathon victim identified as Chinese national, Boston University graduate student   Shootout with Boston Marathon bomb suspects sprays Watertown homes with bullets   Brooklyn-based ‘virtual 5K’ to benefit devastated Boston bomb victims   How much security is too much?      
	The shockwaves of the Boston Marathon bombings were felt all the way in China, where hundreds of thousands mourned the death of graduate student Lu Lingzi, the third victim of the terror attack and the last to be identified.

	In the awful hours following the explosions, friends of the 23-year-old Lu in both Beantown and China sent her heartbreaking messages on her Weibo page.

	“Where are you, are you OK?” wrote one friend on the website, which is similar to Facebook. “I hope you’re all right.”

	“Everyone is looking for you!” wrote another.

	By Tuesday evening the fears of her friends in both China and the U.S. were realized. The statistics student was dead.

	Lu’s extensive social media presence painted a picture of a cheerful, adventurous student who loved food and reading and relished studying abroad.

	She shared the most quotidian of moments online.
RELATED: POLICE NARROW IN ON TWO SUSPECTS IN BOSTON MARATHON BOMBINGS

Jared Wickerham/Getty Images  
Messages are written by students in memory of Boston University graduate student Lu Lingzi, who was killed during the bomb explosions that took place near the finish line of the Boston Marathon. 

	“First kimchi pancake — very successful” she posted on March 30.

	Even the simple moments now seem somber.

	“My wonderful breakfast!” Lu wrote on her Weibo page Monday, along with an image of what was one of her last meals. On Wednesday it had over 23,000 comments.

	And searches with her name on Weibo number in the hundreds of thousands, making her the second hottest topic in the People’s Republic.

	Tasso Kaper, the chair of Boston University’s mathematics department, said Lu loved flowers and the springtime. She had only one course left before graduating.

	Yang Yongkun, a former teacher in Lu’s hometown, told the Shenyang Evening News Lu was “exceptionally clever (and) modest.”

	“I still have a strong recollection of her even though she graduated many years ago.”
PHOTOS: TWO EXPLOSIONS ROCK BOSTON MARATHON FINISH LINE

Julio Cortez/AP 
Two theology students embrace following a vigil for Boston University student Lingzi Lu, who was killed in the Boston Marathon explosions. 

	It appeared Lu dived head-first into American culture upon arriving last year. She called herself Dorothy Lu in English, and posted a photo gallery online called “New Beginning in BU.”

	She enjoyed the Museum of Fine Arts, university athletics, the Boston symphony, Ben and Jerry’s ice cream and the television show “Downton Abbey” according to her Facebook and Weibo pages.

	Tragically, it was her her enthusiasm for Boston experiences that led to her death.

	She was with two fellow students near the finish line when the bombs went off.

	One of those friends, Zhou Danling, was in stable condition in Boston Medical Center after enduring two operations, according to the state-run Chinese media agency Xinhua.

	Chinese students attending a memorial at Boston University’s Marsh Chapel were shaken by the loss.

	“I feel sad that a girl from the same place I come from died,” said freshman Jiani Jiang, 19.
RELATED: THIRD PERSON KILLED IN BOSTON MARATHON BLASTS WAS LU LINGZI 

AP 
Students hold pictures of Lu Lingzi, a Boston University graduate student from China who was killed Monday in the Boston Marathon explosions. 

	"We all feel kind of homesick now. We want to go home. We feel unsafe."

	Joy Liu, a 23-year-old studying journalism, had planned to put her skills to the test after the bombing.

	"I wanted to do a story on her. But we were both grad students, both from the same country, and it got too personal," said Liu, who is from Beijing.

	On Wednesday thousands of mourners had posted animated burning candles and crying faces to her Weibo page.

	“RIP beautiful angel!” one wrote in Chinese.

	“Lingzi, we will remember you. We will miss you,” wrote another.

	The U.S. Embassy in China pledged to “provide any assistance to the family members to ensure they are able to personally deal with this tragedy as quickly and easily as possible.”
PHOTOS: BOSTON MARATHON ATTACK: HUNDREDS GATHER FOR VIGIL

Meixu Lu/AP 
Lu Lingzi, a Boston University graduate student, was killed during the bombings that occurred during the Boston Marathon on Monday. 

	As the grief traveled across the globe, other gripping stories of casualties — who were also being treated at Boston Medical like Lu’s friend — emerged:

n Sydney Corcoran barely survived one catastrophe in 2011 — and she almost died again when bombs at the Boston Marathon mangled her legs.

	The 18-year-old and her mom, Celeste, 47, were both felled by the blasts. Sydney suffered deep arterial injuries, Celeste lost both of her legs below the knees.

	It was tragic echo for Sydney, who was run down by a car in June 2011 and ended up with a fractured skull. "I thought we were done with traumatic events," her older brother, Tyler, told the Lowell Sun.

	If only. Moments after the second blast, an unknown Good Samaritan stanched the bleeding, possibly saving Sydney’s life. A photo of the heroic moment quickly became one of the iconic images of the Boston bloodshed.

	"(My father) looked down and saw my mom and her eyes were open,” said Tyler Corcoran, 20.

	“Once he realized she was alive, he noticed both her legs hanging on by skin. He asked a guy for a belt.” Now both Corcorans are at Boston Medical Center recovering side by side.
RELATED: FATHER OF MAN WHO LOST BOTH LEGS DISCOVERED SON’S FATE AFTER SEEING HORRIFIC PHOTO - REPORT 

Facebook 
Sydney Corcoran (left) and her mother Celeste (right) from Facebook. Celeste was badly injured from the bomb blast that rocked the Boston Marathon on Monday, April 15, 2013. 

	“The nurses were able to get them in the same room and their beds are pushed together so they can hold hands,” wrote Alyssa Carter, Sydney’s cousin, who organized an online fundraiser for the wounded mother and daughter.

	The “Celeste & Sydney Recovery Fund” has already raised more than $180,301 towards a goal of $300,000. “There is a long road ahead - both physically and emotionally,” Carter wrote.

n Tragically, a 5-year-old boy caught in the Boston Marathon bombings also faces a long recovery — if he survives.

	The child, whose name was not released, is one of two patients still in critical condition following Monday’s attack, Dr. Peter Burke, chief of trauma surgery at Boston Medical Center.

	The second critically injured patient is in his 60s.

	"We have a lot of lower extremity injuries, so I think the damage was low to the ground and wasn't up," he said. "The patients who do have head injuries were blown into things or were hit by fragments that went up."

n The hospital performed seven life-saving amputations as a result of the attacks, and received 23 patients in total, the Boston Herald reported.
RELATED: N.H. FAMILY DESCRIBES CHAOS AT BOSTON MARATHON 

Boston Globe via Getty Images 
The two bombs went off near the finish line of the Boston Marathon, injuring close to 200 and killing three who were nearby. 

	Of those, 19 remain hospitalized.

	Doctors found a stomach-churning mix of concrete, wood, metal and plastic in the bodies of patients caught in the two blasts near the finish line of the 26.2-mile race.

	Burke told the Herald eight patients would go under knife again Wednesday.

	“I will not be happy until they are home,” Burke said. “I will not be satisfied.”

n Boston Children’s Hospital is still caring for three young patients. A 2-year-old boy with a head injury is in good condition, a 10-year-old boy with multiple leg injuries is in critical condition, and a 9-year-old girl with a leg injury also is in critical condition.

	On Tuesday it was revealed that 8-year-old Martin Richard was one of three people who died in the blasts. Krystle Campbell, 29, of Arlington, Mass., also died, devastating her family that had initially been told she survived.

	On Wednesday another victim of the bombing, Nicole Gross, pleaded for privacy after her stunned face and tattered clothes became one of the iconic images of the attack. Gross, a beautiful blond personal trainer in Charlotte, N.C., sustained injuries to her legs. Her sister, Erika Brannock, lost her left leg. They were in attendance to cheer on their mother who was running in the marathon.

	The images of the aftermath — which remain omnipresent in the media — “are tremendously painful for the family,” Gross’ family said in a statement. “(We) are trying to focus on the future.”

With Chelsia Rose Marcius and News Wire Services

dbeekman@nydailynews.com and sbrown@nydailynews.com
  
 Post a Comment » 
   Comments   See All Comments  [Discussion Guidelines ]  To post your comments, please, Sign in » . X           Show more comments         Ads by Yahoo!                Most Popular      Most Read   Most Shared      1   Cops closing in on second Boston Marathon suspect     2   Did suspected bomber walk past youngest victim? Photo appears to show two together     3   Bomb victim helped ID suspects from hospital bed      4   One suspect in Boston Marathon bombings DEAD     5   Boston Marathon suspects Tamerlan, Dzhokhar Tsarnaev appeared to lead normal lives     6   Cambridge gas station attendant has brush with Boston bomb suspects: report       7   FBI releases images of Boston bombing suspects     8   Boston bomb suspect's website has Islam links      9   Boston Marathon runner questioned by cops says 'I didn't do it.'     10   F.B.I. joins search for Brown University student         1   Cops closing in on second Boston Marathon suspect     2   Did suspected bomber walk past youngest victim? Photo appears to show two together     3   Bomb victim helped ID suspects from hospital bed      4   One suspect in Boston Marathon bombings DEAD     5   Boston Marathon suspects Tamerlan, Dzhokhar Tsarnaev appeared to lead normal lives     6   Cambridge gas station attendant has brush with Boston bomb suspects: report       7   FBI releases images of Boston bombing suspects     8   Obama and Putin pledge joint counter-terrorism efforts     9   Teacher: I’m too racist to  molest black student      10   Boston bomb suspect's website has Islam links                   Editor's Picks    Crowdfunding sites help Boston Marathon victims            In the four days since twin bombs exploded at the finish line of the Boston Marathon, friends and family have raised more than $1 million for the victims through online crowdfunded campaigns. And the numbers keep growing.     Bossert's Aqueduct analysis: April 20     Charlie’s Punch goes first time off the Ness claim (39%) after failing as the chalk when third in last. Bizarroworld has failed as the chalk in last two starts but could be loose on the lead. Raffie’s Starcan rally for a minor reward.     Cops closing in on second Boston Marathon suspect     Watertown residents reported dozens of gunshots Friday night as authorities continued their hunt for the last surviving suspect in the Boston Marathon bombing.     World's oldest person turns 116           Jiroemon Kimura’s 116th birthday celebration on Friday included a message from the Japanese Prime Minister and a visit from the mayor. 

      Yes, his 116th birthday. 

      Kimura was born in 1897, and today he was officially certified as both the world's oldest living person and the oldest living man.      Day at the Races: April 20     Kentucky Derby points are on the line on Saturday at Keeneland in the Lexington Stakes, but it may not affect the Derby. The top four finishers will earn 20-8-4-2 points, respectively, in the Lexington and could likely earn a spot in the May 4 Derby field, but the connections of the runners have indicated they would likely pass the race in favor of the May 18 Preakness Stakes.     PHOTOS: Chechen suspects show moments before setting off bombs     The Chechen immigrant suspects in the Boston Marathon bombings placed one of their explosives near a Russian flag flying close to the race’s finish line.     Boston cops get advanced screening of Sandra Bullock film 'The Heat'     "The Heat," a new cop comedy starring Sandra Bullock and Melissa McCarthy, will be screened in advance on Friday night for an audience of Boston federal agents and police officers.      Boston Marathon suspects Tamerlan, Dzhokhar Tsarnaev appeared to lead normal lives           They were the terrorists next door. Tamerlan and Dzokhar Tsarnaev had lived in the United States for years and appeared from the outside to be living normal lives - the older brother even declaring himself an Olympic hopeful for the U.S. boxing team.      Satellite finds three potentially life-friendly planets            Scientists have yet to find alien life forms or another world where water flows freely, but a recent discovery makes them thinking they are on the brink of locating many Earth-like planets. 

      On Thursday, astronomers announced in two different studies that NASA's Kepler telescope had spotted three far-off planets that could potentially support life.     Ke$ha posts nude photo on Instagram     Ke$ha isn't afraid to work her assets. The 26-year-old pop star followed in Rihanna's footsteps on Friday, posting a nude shot of herself to Instagram and Twitter.

          Elected officials blast MTA for neglecting Rockaways with new service cuts      Leave it to the MTA to create a “dream ride” to the Hamptons while slashing service to Sandy-impacted Rockaways. That was the message from elected officials on Friday who blasted the Metropolitan Transportation Authority for neglecting the storm-torn peninsula.     Justin Bieber, Selena Gomez reunite in Norway      Selena and Justin have reunited overseas. Selena Gomez touched down in Norway shortly before her ex, Justin Bieber, took the stage in the country's capital on Thursday.
          Brooklyn man caught in lesbian love triangle sentenced to 22 years to life            A Brooklyn man who claimed a female gang leader ordered him to kill a teenager for bedding her ex-girlfriend was sent upstate for life Friday.      Tamerlan Tsarnaev was an amateur boxing champ     Tamerlan Tsarnaev, the 26-year-old man who died early Friday morning after being involved in an intense firefight with police in Watertown, Mass., and who was the FBI's Suspect No. 1 in the terror bombing of the Boston Marathon Monday, was a former amateur boxing champion.     McDonald's warns on April sales     A queasy global economy and hungry competitors are giving McDonald's a bit of indigestion. The world's biggest fast-food chain on Friday warned it's expecting April sales to slip and reported a quarterly profit that fell short of analysts' expectations.     App delivers personalized dining recommendations     Ness 2.0 is catching up to Yelp, say its founders — with 4.5 million user-generated ratings so far.            News Video

   

       





















Media Kit
Autos
Home Delivery
Newsletters
Businesses
Place an Ad
About our Ads
Contact Us
FAQ's
Feeds
Site Map




            Use of this website signifies your agreement to the Terms of Service and
            Privacy Policy. 
           
© Copyright 2013 NYDailyNews.com. All rights reserved.




 









   