overview for Snarfthedstroyerjump to contentmy redditsAdviceAnimalsannouncementsAskRedditatheismawwbestofblogfunnygamingIAmAmoviesMusicpicspoliticssciencetechnologytodayilearnedvideosworldnewsWTFedit subscriptionsfront-all-random|pics-funny-politics-gaming-AskReddit-worldnews-videos-IAmA-todayilearned-WTF-aww-atheism-technology-AdviceAnimals-science-Music-movies-bestof-fffffffuuuuuuuuuuuu-gifs-4chan-leagueoflegends-reactiongifs-pokemon-news-circlejerk-mildlyinteresting-gentlemanboners-Minecraft-nfl-starcraft-woahdude-mylittlepony-firstworldanarchists-skyrim-cats-doctorwho-LadyBoners-nba-LifeProTips-facepalm-adventuretime-Jokes-cringe-Libertarian-tf2-DotA2-breakingbad-harrypotter-soccermore reddit.comSnarfthedstroyeroverviewcommentssubmittedwant to join? login or register in seconds|EnglishSnarfthedstroyer+ friends- friends513  link karma8,932  comment karma send messageredditor for 1 yearwhat's this?TROPHY CASESummer Santa2012One-Year ClubVerified Emailremember mereset passwordlogincheck out the redditgifts marketplace!Disable ads with reddit gold.and many more extra features!sorted by: newhotnewtopcontroversialEgyptians Vote on Islamist-Backed Constitution - "At one point in our history, Cleopatra, a woman, ruled Egypt. Now you have a constitution that makes women not even 2nd-class but 3rd-class citizens. This constitution is tailored for one specific group (the Muslim Brotherhood). It's a shame."  by  anutensilin  worldnews[+]Snarfthedstroyer -4 points-3 points-2 points 2 hours ago (0 children)[]Snarfthedstroyer -4 points-3 points-2 points 2 hours agoThat's trying? Hey everyone! Stop oppressing people! And stop murdering people! There, that's two ideas. Now I'm trying twice as hard as you. permalinksavecontextfull commentsEgyptians Vote on Islamist-Backed Constitution - "At one point in our history, Cleopatra, a woman, ruled Egypt. Now you have a constitution that makes women not even 2nd-class but 3rd-class citizens. This constitution is tailored for one specific group (the Muslim Brotherhood). It's a shame."  by  anutensilin  worldnews[+]Snarfthedstroyer 2 points3 points4 points 2 hours ago (0 children)[]Snarfthedstroyer 2 points3 points4 points 2 hours agohey Blinkin. -AchooFTFYpermalinksavecontextfull commentsEgyptians Vote on Islamist-Backed Constitution - "At one point in our history, Cleopatra, a woman, ruled Egypt. Now you have a constitution that makes women not even 2nd-class but 3rd-class citizens. This constitution is tailored for one specific group (the Muslim Brotherhood). It's a shame."  by  anutensilin  worldnews[+]Snarfthedstroyer -10 points-9 points-8 points 2 hours ago (0 children)[]Snarfthedstroyer -10 points-9 points-8 points 2 hours agoOh, is that all they need to do? Someone should tell them! And while we're at it, someone get P1r4nah a Nobel Peace Prize! He's finally solved it! permalinksavecontextfull commentsI'm from Newtown and I have something to say to the world.  by  Notmyrealredditsn1in  politics[+]Snarfthedstroyer 7 points8 points9 points 3 hours ago (0 children)[]Snarfthedstroyer 7 points8 points9 points 3 hours agoI know everyone's all "this just happened, we shouldn't have a knee jerk reaction and drastically change things because of one incident!" but this isn't just one incident. It's one of many incidents and they all seem to happen the same way, and all are so easily avoidable. Here's how we fix this problem we have as a nation and as a society:1. No cameras. None. I don't need to see this sort of tragedy played out in real time or even worse, as is often the case, just see the same 3 clips of random people milling about on a loop for the entirety of the broadcast.2. No interviews with victims. No one needs to be rushed out of an awful situation only to be met by a throng of douchebags with microphones hoping to catch a good soundbite. This is especially relevant if said victims are 6 year olds. In fact, as a rule, never interview a 6 year old. I don't need to hear anything they have to say, and neither does anyone else.3. Stop naming these assholes that carry out these acts and stop plastering their pictures all over the place. This will also save you the embarrassment of constantly getting information wrong as you trip over each other to be the first to report things. Let them die in anonymity as they deserve, not with another wave of assholes thinking they too deserve some sort of fame for their "suffering."4 Stop tripping over each other to be the first to report things. No one needs to know every detail of these incidents seconds after they happen. When the law enforcement spokespeople give a news briefing, update us the public with the relevant information. Don't guess at the perpetrator, link to his facebook, throw out random and completely uniformed guesses on casualties and number of shooters all in the name of being the first to get it completely and totally wrong. Sit back, take a breath, and remember those "investigation" and "verification" things someone tried to teach you at some point on your way to becoming a "journalist."I know this doesn't completely solve the problem, and it may never be completely solved. This is however a much needed step in the right direction to stem the tidal wave of tabloid journalism that has overthrown even the most traditional of news sources.permalinksavecontextfull commentsWhat's the worse thing you've stuck in your vagina?  by  prototatoin  AskReddit[+]Snarfthedstroyer 5 points6 points7 points 19 hours ago (0 children)[]Snarfthedstroyer 5 points6 points7 points 19 hours agoHope it goes well for you. As an anonymous stranger who know nothing about you, it makes me happy to know that you're actively trying to get better with whatever it is that's negatively affecting you. permalinksavecontextfull commentsWhat's the worse thing you've stuck in your vagina?  by  prototatoin  AskReddit[+]Snarfthedstroyer 5 points6 points7 points 20 hours ago (0 children)[]Snarfthedstroyer 5 points6 points7 points 20 hours agoin therapyLeast surprising outcome everpermalinksavecontextfull commentsShooting at Connecticut elementary school. Students wounded - story developing  by  tblarsonin  news[+]Snarfthedstroyer 11 points12 points13 points 23 hours ago (0 children)[]Snarfthedstroyer 11 points12 points13 points 23 hours agoI hate our media so muchpermalinksavecontextfull commentsShooting at Connecticut elementary school. Students wounded - story developing  by  tblarsonin  news[+]Snarfthedstroyer 2 points3 points4 points 1 day ago (0 children)[]Snarfthedstroyer 2 points3 points4 points 1 day agoGoogle is updating in real time https://news.google.com/news/rtc?ncl=dK50yWLDFn0E2wMY21KgD7psY2mCM&topic=hpermalinksavecontextfull commentsSo someone attached a lock to this guy's gauge.  by  rdf1159in  WTF[+]Snarfthedstroyer 8 points9 points10 points 2 days ago (0 children)[]Snarfthedstroyer 8 points9 points10 points 2 days agoMan, people really don't like or don't get Men in Tights referencespermalinksavecontextfull commentsAMA Request: Someone who's been stranded on a deserted island  by  TheWorldAwaitsin  IAmA[+]Snarfthedstroyer 0 points1 point2 points 2 days ago (0 children)[]Snarfthedstroyer 0 points1 point2 points 2 days agoHe was lost in the desert for only 20 hours and he already needed a nap? My first 36 hours or so of being lost anywhere is definitely spent trying to un-lost myself or gathering supplies and finding/building shelter if I have decided I can't un-lost myself immediately. permalinksavecontextfull commentsWhich athlete(s) would you like to see cross over and play another sport a la Bo Jackson?  by  Siggy778in  sports[+]Snarfthedstroyer 0 points1 point2 points 3 days ago (0 children)[]Snarfthedstroyer 0 points1 point2 points 3 days agoCan you explain why height would be a disadvantage in soccer? I get that if you're big you're typically slower, but I would think someone like Lebron who's big buy also incredibly quick and fast would be fine. permalinksavecontextfull commentsWhich athlete(s) would you like to see cross over and play another sport a la Bo Jackson?  by  Siggy778in  sports[+]Snarfthedstroyer 1 point2 points3 points 3 days ago (0 children)[]Snarfthedstroyer 1 point2 points3 points 3 days agoThere is no way that's true. He would be a great TE, but in no way would he be better off. Even the greatest TE of all time would be an afterthought to the top 10 NBA players in terms of fame, money, exposure, endorsements, etc and then add to that the fact that after he retires from basketball, worst case scenario is he has bad knees/back. With football he's out after 10-12 years if he's lucky and his body is destroyed. permalinksavecontextfull commentsDo you think Belichick will retire when Brady retires?  by  spudster90in  nfl[+]Snarfthedstroyer -10 points-9 points-8 points 4 days ago (0 children)[]Snarfthedstroyer -10 points-9 points-8 points 4 days agoI'm downvoting you for making everyone have to think about JJ with an erection. Jerk.permalinksavecontextfull comments"Peterson told Peter King of Sports Illustrated that he's eyeing the single-season rushing record of 2,105 yards, set by Hall of Fame running back Eric Dickerson as a member of the Los Angeles Rams in 1984." -- This man is not human.  by  lnnerManRaptorin  nfl[+]Snarfthedstroyer 0 points1 point2 points 4 days ago (0 children)[]Snarfthedstroyer 0 points1 point2 points 4 days agoI'm talking about facing elite backs. You want to tell me Alfred Morris in week 2 is the same as AP? Or that Frank Gore, with all the weapons SF has and how much they spread it around and pass is the same thing as AP? There's no comparison at all. Marshawn Lynch is the relevant comparison from who we've faced this year, and he gashed us for 118 yards on just 20 attempts. permalinksavecontextfull commentsThe Oatmeal destroys the recent Buzzfeed article about him, point by point  by  mofroein  funny[+]Snarfthedstroyer 0 points1 point2 points 4 days ago (0 children)[]Snarfthedstroyer 0 points1 point2 points 4 days agoNerdbaiting sounds like the easiest sport ever. "ok, I've got my Natalie Portman lure, my Emma Watson lure, my Gabe bait, and my Apple flame jig. I'm all set!"permalinksavecontextfull comments"Peterson told Peter King of Sports Illustrated that he's eyeing the single-season rushing record of 2,105 yards, set by Hall of Fame running back Eric Dickerson as a member of the Los Angeles Rams in 1984." -- This man is not human.  by  lnnerManRaptorin  nfl[+]Snarfthedstroyer 2 points3 points4 points 4 days ago (0 children)[]Snarfthedstroyer 2 points3 points4 points 4 days agoAs a Rams fan, I wouldn't be surprised to see him run for 300 yards against us. We haven't faced really any top backs all year, with the exception of Lynch who ran over us like we had no D line. That and the fact that our secondary continues to line up at least 15 yards off the line of scrimmage every play means he should be getting about 10 yds/carry all day. permalinksavecontextfull commentsBrandon Jacobs shows us how you can be a member of a division leading, playoff bound team and still be miserable.  by  Scuzzbootsin  nfl[+]Snarfthedstroyer 2 points3 points4 points 4 days ago (0 children)[]Snarfthedstroyer 2 points3 points4 points 4 days agoKaep was definitely the reason the Rams won the second game against the Niners. His decision that led to the safety was inexcusable, as was his gaudawful pitch that gave us the touchdown. Kaep might (read:does) have more big play potential than Alex Smith, but I think Smith clearly gives them a better chance to win. Being able to get through a game mistake free and let your team win the game should not be discounted for the hope of having the ability to cover up with one or two big plays. permalinksavecontextfull commentsPeople of reddit who waited until marriage: what is your sex life like? [nsfw] possibly  by  Mecha_Shevain  AskReddit[+]Snarfthedstroyer 0 points1 point2 points 5 days ago (0 children)[]Snarfthedstroyer 0 points1 point2 points 5 days agoIts hard to find the good banana in a bunch when they all have a peel in the wayThat's a terrible analogy. Bananas are pretty much the easiest food of which one can tell the quality just by looking at it. Yellow and not bruised to shit? You're good to go!permalinksavecontextfull commentsSEAHAWKS D  by  craxy0in  fantasyfootball[+]Snarfthedstroyer 0 points1 point2 points 5 days ago (0 children)[]Snarfthedstroyer 0 points1 point2 points 5 days agoSame here. Going into the late games I was up 45 with Greg Jennings left while my opponent just had Reggie Bush and Seattle D. I declared victory, went to a Xmas party and didn't give it a thought. Then I get a text about Lynch going off, so I check the box score to see how hard he's rolling... And realize Arizona has zero NFL level players or coaches on the team and that I'm utterly and completely fucked. I now need Jennings to pull 20 and that's not happening. Fuck everyone even mildly associated with the joke of an organization that is the Arizona Cardinals. permalinksavecontextfull commentsIf you were forced to root for a different team in your favorite team's division for the rest of your life, who would it be?  by  bmilan288in  nfl[+]Snarfthedstroyer 1 point2 points3 points 6 days ago (0 children)[]Snarfthedstroyer 1 point2 points3 points 6 days agoThe Cardinals. They're St. Louis transplants anyway, and Kurt Warner also played there. Plus they're typically not that good, so I wouldn't have to adjust my expectations very much.permalinksavecontextfull commentsReddit, for gift ideas, what is the coolest thing you own under $100?  by  FiveLionsin  AskReddit[+]Snarfthedstroyer 0 points1 point2 points 8 days ago (0 children)[]Snarfthedstroyer 0 points1 point2 points 8 days agoI'm just copy/pasting this for my xmas list.permalinksavecontextfull commentsSPANOS PLANS TO FIRE NORV AND AJ AT SEASON"S END!!!! FINALLY!!!  by  johnnyFyeahin  Chargers[+]Snarfthedstroyer 1 point2 points3 points 8 days ago (0 children)[]Snarfthedstroyer 1 point2 points3 points 8 days agoIt's. About. Time.permalinksavecontextfull commentsNFL to provide benefits for Belchers daughter. More than 52k/year until she is 23 if she is in college till then.  by  big_figin  nfl[+]Snarfthedstroyer 20 points21 points22 points 10 days ago (0 children)[]Snarfthedstroyer 20 points21 points22 points 10 days agoMost life insurance policies do not pay following a suicideFalse. Most insurance policies have a 2 year period where the policy is voided if the insured commits suicide. After that, it still pays in full. Source: I sold life insurancepermalinksavecontextfull commentsNew Orleans Hornets are changing their name to the Pelicans  by  drbojanglesin  sports[+]Snarfthedstroyer 0 points1 point2 points 10 days ago (0 children)[]Snarfthedstroyer 0 points1 point2 points 10 days agoI don't think the "one team per sport per lifetime" thing should apply to the NBA. The player movements are far more frequent than any of the other major sports, and the focus on the individual player is much, much greater than any other sport. Football, baseball, and hockey you root for the team, basketball, you follow the players.permalinksavecontextfull commentsFox News Is Taking Karl Rove Off The Air  by  1000000studentsin  politics[+]Snarfthedstroyer 4 points5 points6 points 10 days ago (0 children)[]Snarfthedstroyer 4 points5 points6 points 10 days agoYou clearly missed the let me le that for you guy thenpermalinksavecontextfull commentsview more: next aboutblogaboutteamsource codeadvertisehelphelpFAQreddiquetterulescontact ustoolsmobilefirefox extensionchrome extensionbuttonswidget<3reddit goldstoreredditgiftsreddit.tvradio redditUse of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy.  2012 reddit inc. All rights reserved.REDDIT and the ALIEN Logo are registered trademarks of reddit inc.Rendered by PID 19074 on app-134 running 1f25a13.close this windowyou'll need to login or register to do thatcreate a new accountall it takes is a username and passwordusername:try anotheravailable!email: (optional)password:verify password:remember mecreate accountis it really that easy? only one way to find out...loginalready have an account and just want to login?username:password:remember merecover passwordloginclose this windowinterface languageEnglish [en] [ar] (*)  [be] (*)  [bg] (*)catal [ca] (*)es