Newtown: Family drama as national tragedy | Nicholas Wapshott Analysis & Opinion HomeOpinion Nicholas WapshottFollow Nicholas WapshottNewtown: Family drama as national tragedyBy Nicholas WapshottDecember 14, 2012 Email  Print connecticut | lanza | newtown | sandy hook elementary school | shooting We may never come to understand exactly what was on the crazed mind of Adam Lanza, the man identified as the Connecticut gunman who set out from his home with murder in his heart. All we know, based on reports, is that this troubled young man had an issue with his mother, a schoolteacher in Newtown, Connecticut,that so enraged him he drove with a .223-caliber assault rifle and at least two other guns to attack in cold blood an elementary school where she taught.By mid-morning break at the Sandy Hook Elementary School, a reported 20 children and six adults were also dead,* pointlessly killed as they went about their peaceful business of teaching and being taught. As a nation, all we are left with are chilling pictures of frightened schoolchildren clutching each other in a crocodile line, weeping in fear and in horror at what they have just witnessed.We are left wondering, what was Lanza thinking? Why should so many suffer for his agitated state? Why does a possible family quarrel end in a massacre of unrelated innocents? What price must we continue to pay in human lives to protect the Constitutions apparent guarantee for us to bear arms?In America, we rightly elevate the place of the individual in society. We are repeatedly told we are all created equal and that each of us is important. It is this belief, that each of us matters, and what we think and feel is worthwhile and significant, that has drawn millions of people from around the world to live in America. Compared to the Old World, where individual rights have so often been routinely trammeled, America offers every one of us a special consideration that puts our singular personalities above communal demands.That individualism is essential to who we are as a nation. It is non-negotiable.As Ayn Rand starkly said in her typically uncompromising homage to heroic individualism, The Virtue of Selfishness, For every individual, a right is the moral sanction of a positive  of his freedom to act on his own judgment, for his own goals, by his own voluntary, un-coerced choice. As to his neighbors, his rights impose no obligations on them except of a negative kind: to abstain from violating his rights.In the case of the Newtown shooter, his freedom to act on his own judgment, for his own goals, by his own voluntary, un-coerced choice over-rode the essential corollary, to abstain from violating the right of 20 children and six adults to continue living their lives.The America of the Founding Fathers was a wide open place where individuals could forge their own futures in a virgin continent. Today, however, we are interdependent like never before. You can almost hear the world shrinking as we connect wirelessly with each other while walking alone down the street.The borders of our individual freedoms have become more permeable than they were more than two centuries ago. Social media and cell phones bind us ever closer together. Technology has magnified our presence and extended our influence. That is all to the good  except when individuals lose the plot and start spreading their anger around.Modern life allowed Lanza to draw thousands of bystanders into his private grief. A young man, he had had little chance to leave his mark on the world. Likely frustrated and angry, he appears to have been intent on ending his mothers and his own young life in a blood-bath that would grab the headlines. In that he succeeded.It is our uncompromising right to unfettered individualism that has tarnished what was once an enviable paradise on earth. It is why the Norman Rockwell innocence of Sandy Hook Elementarywas long ago besmirched by the need to put a buzzer on the front door and a security camera in the hall.If our office staff does not recognize you, you will be required to show identification with a picture ID, read the mundane letter the schools principal sent to parents. She might have added, Crazy people do crazy things in this country. We are locking you out in case you mean us harm.In this media-obsessed world, where becoming famous seems far more important than achieving real goals or finding genuine happiness, to go out in a welter of bullets and blood, like Bonnie and Clyde, has somehow become an acceptable second best. Thanks to high technology, a family drama can quickly turn into a national tragedy and a psychological upset can trigger a murder spree.Just as troubling, mass murder in places of education has become so commonplace that the news cycle quickly moves on.Finding a solution to the slaughter of children in a kindergarten is not a priority for those who put themselves forward as legislators. A presidential election can take place with three televised debates, and gun control does not warrant a single question.We may soon have forgotten the name Adam Lanza, but we should never forget his victims who had so little time to express themselves in life.And we should never forgive those who shrug their shoulders and hide behind vague words by long-dead men to excuse their cowardly inaction.PHOTO: A child reacts to police and fireman staged nearby Sandy Hook Elementary School where a gunman opened fire on school children and staff in Newtown, Connecticut on December 14, 2012. REUTERS/Adrees Latif*Note: The piece was updated to reflected news reports. Previous PostComments8 comments so far |  Comments RSSDec 15, 20124:58 am UTCGood sensible words, but we need action, like right now.Is anybody is this greatest country of ours able to come up with any effective solutions?I dont think the gun industry with the NRA & WalMart will offer anything, theyve got everything to loose, like our big bucks going into their pockets & to China.As a civilized society we have been declining very fast. That is just too bad.Posted by EthicsIntl | Report as abusiveDec 15, 20129:31 am UTCThere is nothing positive in the writings of Ayn Rand. She is a discredited sociopath as are her followers.Posted by sylvan | Report as abusiveDec 15, 20121:03 pm UTCThis tragedy exemplifies what America is and always was.The rest is nonsense.Posted by Biscayne | Report as abusiveDec 15, 20122:40 pm UTCAmerican society is built on violence: Implicit at home, as the very brisk business in assault weapons makes evident; explicit abroad via a perpetual series of trumped-up wars.The first man of the land, the President, is an avowed assassin. How did Americans feel when Bill Clinton and his reptilian Secretary of State, Madeleine Albright, killed off 500,000 Iraqi children with their embargo? Indifferent, is the answer. As you sow, so shall you reap.Posted by jrpardinas | Report as abusiveDec 15, 20122:46 pm UTCWapshott repeats this distorted view of Americas frontier past as well as this falacy that individual rights are respected in this country.  For example: America offers every one of us a special consideration that puts our singular personalities above communal demands. This statement is completely bogus. Look at the lack of property rights that individuals face when oil/gas pipelines come through their property, or pollute their drinking water.  Even in Conn. a use of eminent domain went all the way to the Supreme Court when a local town teamed up with a developer to throw out power residents.We are no more interdependent today than we were 100 or 200 years ago.  Not a single pioneering family made it on their own.  They needed seeds, tools, livestock, etc. to start a homestead, and very few made it through the first winter.  And without law enforcement and courts in the frontiers, these individuals were often at the mercy of the powerful elite (ranch wars of Colorado for example). Articles like this give a false sense to Americans that once in our frontier past we didnt face lunatic massacres. Our Native Americans today, or whats left of them, can prove how false that premise is. The reality is that America has not given up on its frontier mentality that with a gun you can settle disputes and make your own justice.  That is what the NRA, the far right and other gun toting idiots in this country insist is a right  no it is just barbarism.Posted by Acetracy | Report as abusiveDec 15, 20124:50 pm UTCBottom line is this: Guns do not kill people. People kill people. Every time something like this happens with an obviously mentally ill person doing something horrific (using what appears to be guns legally purchased and owned by his mother) that everyone starts pointing fingers at people who are legal and responsible gun owners. We dont hear anything about the weekly massacres in Chicago due to gun violence, but these horrific events have people pointing their fingers at anything attached to the NRA and responsible people. Mentally ill people are committing these crimes. Cant remember the last time a responsible gun owner did this? Also, enough of classifying any long rifle as an assault rifle. Nicholas Wapshott is yet another irresponsible journalist provoking people with that use of terms.Posted by MitchS | Report as abusiveDec 15, 20126:10 pm UTCIronically (given the authors atomistic tone) it is the breakdown of social cohesion that leads to the devastation that took place at the Sandy Hook school, not mommy issues. Mom and son were operating within a larger cohort that framed their attitudes and understandings, proclivities for guns, and approaches to conflict resolution.If only the society in which they lived had mechanisms for social/psychological intervention, 26 others might still be alive.Posted by wilhelm | Report as abusiveDec 15, 20126:19 pm UTCI was recently on a flight from Chicago to Phoenix, and the passenger next to me in first class looked to be a normal white business man in his late 30s, held his IPad viewing a shooting rampage for 2 hours straight.  I could hear it through his headphones, and when he noticed I was glancing at his screen, he held the IPad closer to his face.  I also have a friend with a 9 year old, with a handheld device that is all about shooting, and when his device is taken away he throws an unbelievable tantrum.   It is not just about guns, it is the gleam and glamour of cool gun shoot outs.  On the other side of the shooting is the bad guy.   When one who becomes so desensitize, the shooting and killing is grossly alluring, and for the impaired individual it becomes a fantasy almost with an impulsive nature to act out.Posted by mmcg | Report as abusivePost Your CommentWe welcome comments that advance the story through relevant opinion, anecdotes, links and data. If you see a comment that you believe is irrelevant or inappropriate, you can flag it to our editors by using the report abuse links. Views expressed in the comments do not represent those of Reuters. For more information on our comment policy, see http://blogs.reuters.com/fulldisclosure/2010/09/27/toward-a-more-thoughtful-conversation-on-stories/Author ProfileNicholas Wapshott is the former New York bureau chief of The Times of London. Previously, he was editor of the Saturday Times of London, and founding editor of The Times Magazine. He is a regular broadcaster on MSNBC, PBS, and FOX News. He is the author of "Ronald Reagan and Margaret Thatcher: A Political Marriage" (2007). His "Keynes Hayek: The Clash That Defined Modern Economics" was published by W.W.Norton in October.    Recent Posts Newtown: Family drama as national tragedyIs conservativism going extinct?The crumbling of the Murdoch dynastyHeres the path around the fiscal cliffBarack Obama and the lessons of LincolnMore Reuters NewsUnited Continental pilots ratify new contractEgyptians vote on divisive constitutionHillary Clinton recovering after sustaining concussion: spokesmanIran warns against Patriot deployment on Syria frontierPolice find "good evidence" on motive for Connecticut school massacre Tag Cloud2012 elections2016 electionsandrew sullivanausterityauto bailoutbarack obamabenghaziBidenBill ClintonbudgetconnecticutconservativesDavid Camerondebtdeficitsdemographicseconomic recoveryelectionsElisabeth Murdochfiscal cliffforeign policyfox newsHillary ClintonhousingKeyneslanzalincolnmitt romneynews corpnewtownObamapaul ryanpolarizationpresidential debatespresidential electionrepublicansrupert murdochsandy hook elementary schoolshootingthird partiesArchives  Select Month  December 2012 (4) November 2012 (4) October 2012 (7) July 2011 (1)