So what saved Chicago's transit system? Politics and parking. Politics because the mayor at the time, Richard J. Daley, was infamous for his quid pro quo style of running the city.I grew up believing religion was BS.  I'd still like to see a church follow the rules exactly, and see what happens.  I mean the lack of undeniable  miracles is a serious flaw in their beliefs.  I'm holding onto the idea that things would be better if they were obedient, like The Bible says over and over and over again.  Maslow's hiearchy of needs does a pretty good job of explaining what a community needs to provide in order to thrive.  When ones environment becomes "unsafe", behavior regresses.  There is no time to focus on behaviors that I need to change in my life.  Like going out more often to take part in activities that might help me.  Right now my main problem is I live a town where the demographics are skewed to families, and any singles are much younger and older than me on average.  Plus anyone my age who is single is scraping by right now in this recession, and don't have time themselves.They won't listen when I find quotes interpreting the Bible on a topic in the exact way, and in the exact situation, that I catch them negating.  My last pastor actually tried to convince me that she said she wasn't a prophet.  When I printed up the real quote he wouldn't even look at it and evaded response.  This was how the whole church came to behave even if I caught them gossiping about me.  Not hard to do when I was in poverty, jobless, and alone.  I'm the last person they would think reality would come from.Perhaps I am a bit too direct, but we all have something.  It gets worse when I'm stressed.  I tried very hard to meet all their qualifications for getting gossip dealt with, but no matter what I tried they found excuses.  They just chose to nitpick at every "mistake" I made as if it justified them.  Eventually they just concluded that they were "trying to help", so their gossip was fine.  Never mind the fact that I showed them over and over that what they had said was not true, or that any mistake I had made never gives an excuse.  They told me they would continue, although they did try the fake apology route "I'm sorry that you were offended".  When I pointed out that a real apology doesn't place blame on the other person, they pretended like I wouldn't take their apology.  This behavior is very common among elder leadership.  I've even seen it preached about, but you wouldn't notice it unless you were looking for it.I personally define Seventh-day Adventism with their 28 fundamental beliefs.  What is odd though is that they don't follow them, and I hear sermons giving opposite doctrine.  It is far from a unified church.I do like the official foundational SDA beliefs.  I believe the church would be a lot more unified.  If they had discipline, and governance, then they would succeed.  But as it stands each church makes up what gets punished and how to govern itself.  This opens the door wide for politics, games, and punishing people in various unofficial ways (gossip, slander).  I've had pastor's tell me that they removed people unilaterally from jobs like singing.  Albeit it was for adultery, but no power was given for anyone in our church to do so by themselves, or with just the boards approval.  That's not actually how it should be if anyone would bother reading the church manual.I don't doubt all of us would have had better experiences, or had many of our parents/family/pastors/elders lose their membership, if only more of us had bothered actually reading it and speaking up against the abuses as long as you could.  Rather than simply running away.If the Bible is true, then God did leave a way to easily figure out where the comma belongs.  People just need to deduce better, and it takes about three years of full time work to reach the point where enough first hand reading is in ones head to be able to do that quickly during a discussion.  But anyone alive today can save a bunch of time figuring it out for themselves with a concordance, dictionary, and topical index.It shouldn't be surprising that the comma is where it is considering the beliefs of the vast majority of Christian's concerning what happens immediately after death.And I never saw a church full of so many fat sick people.  Disgustingly fat, and unashamed by it completely.  I wanted to blame it on medications they might be taking, but the food they ate was in large amounts and full of garbage.  People would comment on that to me, but then I'd be offended by their gossiping.  I always kept stuff like that to myself, because the bible says gossip is bad, but damn if that convinces them of anything as long as in their own minds they claim they have "good motivations" to gossip about fat/unhealthy people.  Yeah right, like trying to help someone involves going behind their back and saying things about them that they wouldn't say to their face (Matthew 18:15).EDIT: Jesus didn't mind the letter of the law, he told his disciples to follow the real commandments that the Pharisee's did teach, but didn't actually do.  Actually he goes as far saying to obey the Pharisee's in every case that doesn't involve contradicting the law.I would ask somebody to stop when I came across it, and the ones that didn't get offended would apologize.  But it wouldn't take 10 seconds before they did it again.  I realized the problem wouldn't go away unless leadership got the message.  Eventually I stopped being so quiet and started pointing out all the hypocrisies at Bible study.  Guess who all the sudden became the target of gossip.  The worst type of gossip to.  And when I got depressed and told them I could no longer help out around the church as I used to, they kept the information to themselves and told everybody I had just quit without telling anyone.  After awhile people were able to make up complete lies about what I had said, even though other witnesses were around.  I tried to talk to the past discretely about this but he got mad and started yelling loud enough for everyone to hear him.  And he just totally misrepresented what I was telling him and called me crazy.  I was ashamed that I was the only one to speak up about his behavior and how obviously wrong it was for him to handle it that way.  Nobody, not one Adventist, shared that conviction.  The sound of their silence was louder than the sound of the courage of their convictions.  I knew some agreed with me, but they wanted to believe that peace was a better option.Around this time I had discovered the church manual.  Many people don't know it exists, or if they do they don't realize what it really says.  I never met anyone in leadership that had read it recently.  Anyways, long story short is that one can simply read the church manual to see how far off they are from even their own founding beliefs.  Things like Matthew 18:15-17 are cast away because "they don't work in every situation".  They never did bring up an example where I couldn't make it work, and show them why it would work better than how they did it.They aren't devout at all.  They are devout to their club/tribe/clique.  If you unsettle their false beliefs, they will turn and trample you like swine.TL;DR I left the church because gossip destroyed my reputation.  The only leader who ever kept it under control was Canadian.And if you had god shooting a flame thrower down from heaven, leading you to utter victory, and raining down delicious food, then it would be offensive for them not to do what Leviticus said to do.  If that god returns, then you'll probably find me following Leviticus :-)  Why on earth people would follow that stuff without real eyewitness evidence...EDIT:  What you'll find is that the vast majority of "Christians" haven't read the Bible, and redefine biblical words and concepts.  Judging others without adequate evidence is big with them in general.  The declaration of independence was written to avoid being ruled by such people.  Those christian's who wrote it understood that deeply, because it effected their lives so much.  Not so much today.  But I am thankful for what we still have left.we use and disclose information to prevent people from abusing the platform, but