["Of the ones that wind up practicing law, one third of your classmates are going to spend their time writing sentences that protect their ass (their client's ass too, but mostly their own ass); one third will spend their life trying to get a bite at that first third's ass. Almost a quarter of the rest will spend their lives trying to hit the jack pot because they know what res ipsa loquitur means when the right client walks in the door (they will practice their deposition skills a lot on lots of things in the mean time, but they will fall asleep each night knowing they are still waiting for that day (Hell, maybe it will be a movie!)) Another quarter will have a softer life working for insurance companies trying to keep those guys from hitting the jack pot.  ", "That leaves about one twelfth to try to send murderers, rapist, thieves and general assholes to jail, and one twelfth to keep those being attacked by the assholes in the system out of jail. And I've left no one to handle trust and estate, and retirement accounts and off shore accounts, have I? The proportion of those depends on where you go to school, and on both sides, I like them best. (If it's got a recognized MBA program across the lawn, get into the joint degree program, fast.)", 'Edit: I left out family law, (I told you I was a history major; you want math?) the spot where kind social workers and blood suckers meet, often in the same body.', "I think, from that little bit, he sounds like Roy Blunt, Jr. (who's not from Texas, but sounds a lot like he is). ", "Studying law is going to teach you how to parse a sentence better than any course in the English Department or any other field. But when you move to writing fiction or journalism, you have to remember you aren't writing for people getting paid to find ways to misunderstand you (you've left combat); you're being paid (indirectly) by peeps that want to get to the next paragraph quickly and understand what the last one said. Very different, but that law training will help you understand how people can get confused too.", "My uncle, who had more to do with me being me than my father, had a heart attack while driving and took out a bunch of parked cars (glad he wasn't on a busier street and went left). Three days later he slapped me up the back of the head, and it's all your fault (well, people like you anyway)", "The reason people like to file federal suits there has to do with the local politics (which determines the judge; who's even around to be appointed judge) and with the make up of the 5th circuit, the next level on appeal, and the most conservative in the US.", "(I was a history undergrad and went to law school (what else do history undergrads do?), but I knew I didn't have the personality for it by 3L (I passed the bar anyway though). It's helped my career a bit, but I've never really practiced.)      ", 'However, in the northeast US the counties were always divided into townships (which has nothing to do with towns, a township can contain many large "villages"), and these have become more important than the counties some places. California and some other western states followed the northeastern pattern originally, but now people out there can\'t even tell you what town they live in. ', "I'm not gonna go into a rant about people that go into mega-rants about rules, rules, grammar, orthography, rules, but I coulda. And I think those peeps are missing a lot of the communicatin' that the writer is tryin' to do.      ", "Either way feel free to laugh very loudly as soon as you're out of their ear-shot and then ignore them. ", '[I was going to say, "Maybe Kinky\'s family could work on it", but that might sound too political.]', 'we use and disclose information to prevent people from abusing the platform, but']