   America    New York      News     More of News :   U.S     World     Desi     2013 NYC Elections     Crime     The Week     News Pics     Blogs       Politics   Sports     Showbiz     Opinion     Living     Photos     Video    Autos     	Terrifying footage shows the epic explosion that consumed a Texas fertilizer plant already on fire and rocked the surrounding area. 	As many as 15 people, including firefighters and EMS workers, are presumed dead and more than 160 others injured, officials said Thursday. Rescue crews continued searching through charred rubble for survivors. 	In the minute-long clip, flames and smoke are seen spewing out of the West Fertilizer Co., located about 20 miles north of Waco. Then, without warning, a blast shoots from the building and into the sky, rattling the car about 250 yards away. Amateur video shows the moment a fertilizer plant on fire north of Waco, Texas, exploded into a deadly blast.  Derrick Hurtt, with his daughters Kenley (l.) and Khloey (r.), captured video from his car of the fertilizer plant explosion in West, Texas, on Wednesday evening.  	"I'm pretty sure it lifted the truck off the ground," Hurtt said. "It blew me over on top of (Khloey), and it all happened so quick that things kind of went black for a moment." 	He also said their full hearing has returned, although their "inner ear's a little sore." Remains of the West Fertilizer Co.  after the plant exploded in West, Texas, Wednesday evening.  	Dozens of homes and businesses were turned into rubble, and the blast could be felt about 50 miles away. The plant also sits near an apartment complex and nursing home, which had to be evacuated. 	Other officials said the death toll could reach as high as 60 or more in West, a community of 2,800. Not all emergency workers had been accounted for. Dr. George Smith, a survivor of the West, Texas, fertilizer plant explosion describes the blast Wednesday evening. He says his house nearly crushed him to death. More than 160 people were wounded in the surrounding neighborhood, officials said.  	Survivors later described the frightening force of the blast and sound wave, which were recorded as a 2.1-magnitude seismic event, according to the United States Geological Survey. A victim from the West fertilizer plant explosion is wheeled into Hillcrest Baptist Medical Hospital in Waco, Texas, on Wednesday.  	Dr. Smith was interviewed with blood and bruises on his face. He said he narrowly missed being crushed to death by his own house. 	"The windows came in on me, the roof came in on me, the ceiling came in," he told NBC affiliate KCEN-TV. 	His son, who lives nearby, also survived, although his neighborhood was wiped out. An unidentified man injured by the West fertilizer plant explosion is treated by nurses from Hillcrest Baptist Medical Hospital in Waco, Texas, on Wednesday.  	"With the explosions, the whole street lifted up," she told ABC News. "It was like a massive bomb went off. It demolished both my houses: my mother's and mine." Waco police Sgt. William Swanton addresses the media during a news conference about a fertilizer plant that exploded in West, Texas, on Wednesday.  	Among those offering comfort is Pope Francis, who asked followers on Twitter to think of the victims. 	"Please join me in praying for the victims of the explosion in Texas and their families," he tweeted Thursday. 	"A tight-knit community has been shaken, and good, hard-working people have lost their lives," he said. "I want to thank the first responders who worked tirelessly through the night to contain the situation and treat the wounded."