
  Victims in Connecticut school shooting remembered fondly »
  Local News »
  The Edmond Sun













Skip to Main Content







Find a Job
Post a Resume
Career Advice
Employers









Select Price
$100K or less
$100K - $150K
$150K - $200K
$200K - $250K
$250K - $300K
$300K - $600K
$600K or more











Cars
AG and HD Equipment
Recreational







































Subscription Services


Homepage


Local News


Police Blotter


State News


Nation & World




Obituaries


Road Conditions


Local News


Business


Education


University Life




Features


Food


Arts & Entertainment


Weddings


Engagements


Anniversaries




Sports


Opinion


Letters to the Editor


Our View




Classifieds


Zillow Real Estate


Place An Ad




E-Edition Subscribe


TV Weekly


Today's Crossword


Photo Reprints


Archives


Contact Us


About us


Special Sections


2012 Sunshine Awards


2012 Graduation Tab


2012 Celebrations


2012 Transitions Tab


2012 Holiday Gift Guide


2012 Healthcare Directory


Community Connection


2012 Newcomers Guide


2012 Girl Scouts


2012 Just 4 Kids


2012 Survivor




What's for Lunch?


Edmond Newsflash


Studio 46


Submit News and Story Tips!


Submit Your Letter to the Editor


Business Times


September Business Times


October Business Times


November Business TImes


December Business Times




Business Directory


blinc Local Business Link







Local News




Search







Search Results
Close

Previous
          Now showing: 
          
          of
          
Next



Previous
Next
Close








Related Photos



About 100 people attended a candlelight vigil at Hartford, Connecticut's Bushnell Park on Friday, December 14, 2012, to honor the students and teachers who died at Sandy Hook Elementary School in nearby Newtown earlier in the day. (Michael McAndrews/Hartford Courant/MCT)









Related Links


News of shooting elicits horror, sympathy, calls to action


Discussion







December 15, 2012

Victims in Connecticut school shooting remembered fondly



By Kenneth Gosselin


The Hartford Courant
The Edmond Sun

Sat Dec 15, 2012, 12:02 PM CST


HARTFORD, Conn. — 
	The principal of Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown — described in one tribute as “a principal that you’d want your children to have” — was among the more than two dozen adults and children killed Friday at the school, in a shooting that sent shockwaves around the world.
	Word of the death of Dawn L. Hochsprung, 47, spread quickly Friday through the town of Woodbury where she lived with her family, the town’s First Selectman Gerald Stomski confirmed late Friday.
	Hochsprung had been a principal in the Bethlehem and Woodbury school district before taking the job in Newtown two years ago.
	“We were saddened to see her leave but I know she was excited for that job,” Stomski said. “She was very charismatic and had an incredible way with students and parents.”
	Police have not confirmed the identities of any of the shooting victims, but Hochsprung is among at least two other adults who also are believed to have died: Mary J. Sherlach, 56, the school pyschologist, of Trumbull and Nancy Lanza, 52, the mother of the suspected shooter Adam Lanza found dead at her Newtown home. In all, 27 people — 20 of them schoolchildren — died, including the suspect, police said.
	Stomski said Hochsprung lived in Woodbury even after she took the job in Newtown.
	“She died protecting the children that she adored so much. It’s just incredibly shocking,” Stomski said.
	Numerous people turned to social media to offer words of praise for Hochsprung’s leadership.
	“She was deeply, deeply loved,” one tribute said. Another wrote: “As Dawn Hochsprung said every day in morning announcements, “Be nice to each other.’ It’s really all that matters.”
	Hochsprung, who became principal of the K-4 school in 2010, was principal at Mitchell Elementary School in Woodbury for three years and principal at Bethlehem Elementary School from 2004 to 2007. Earlier she worked as an assistant principal in the Danbury schools — one year at Danbury High School and five years at Rogers Park Middle School — and as a special education teacher in Bridgeport and New Milford.
	Hochsprung started her doctorate this year at Sage College in Troy, N.Y., which issued a statement describing her as a model principal.
	At the start of this school year at Sandy Hook, she told the Newtown Bee that she was “really excited about bringing a readers workshop into the mainstream of the program. ... We capitalize on (students’) love of reading and use that passion to advance their achievement.”
	Hochsprung recently wrote to parents about the new security system that had been installed at the school, and reportedly alerted teachers Friday about the shooter by tripping the public address system.
	On Oct. 17 she posted a tweet that read: “Safety first at Sandy Hook... it’s a beautiful day for our first evacuation drill!”
	Her tweets were often exhuberant and frequently included photographs. “Sandy Hook gardeners celebrate their learning after the fall harvest!” “Vote today... and talk to your kids about it!!” “In a fourth grade classroom right now... Completely blown away by the caliber of instruction and by students’ deep thinking!” “Chicken dancing at Sandy Hook with the Carnivale Trio!” “Busy afternoon at the Sandy Hook Book Fair... Great time to support your school & stock up for winter reading!”
	Her last tweet, written Thursday, read: “Setting up for the Sandy Hook nonfiction book preview for staff... Common Core, here we come!” The tweet included her photograph of a display of books, among them “Alligator or Crocodile: How Do You Know?” and “Insect or Spider: How Do You Know?”
	Hochsprung, who was married and raising two daughters and three stepdaughters, received her bachelor’s degree in special education from Central Connecticut State University in 1993, a master’s in special education from Southern Connecticut State University in 1997, and a sixth-year degree in educational leadership from Southern.
	Sherlach, according to numerous news outlets and CNN, also died in the shooting and had worked at Sandy Hook Elementary since 1994 and had served on numerous districtwide committees, including the conflict resolution commitee, according to a biography on the Newtown Public Schools web site.
	Sherlach lived in Trumbull and was married with two adult daughters — one a high school chorus teacher in New Jersey and the other a graduate student at Georgetown University. Sherlach wrote in the biography that she and her husband, Bill, enjoyed traveling and spending time at their lake house in the Finger Lakes in Upstate New York. Her hobbies were gardening, reading and the theater.
	“I truly enjoy working with the SHS staff, parents and children and am always ready to assist in problem solving, intervention and prevention,” she wrote.
	Nancy Lanza, who some identified as a teacher at the Sandy Hook School and mother of the alleged gunman, Adam Lanza, was found dead in her Newtown home, according to many reports.
	According to friends and neighbors, Lanza was a kind woman with a sense of humor. Slender, with short hair, Lanza was a fixture at neighborhood events such as the Labor Day parade, and had a special interest in Christmas lights.
	Lanza lived on Yogananda Street, in a hilly, affluent neighborhood in the east end of town. Neighbors call it a children- and family-friendly place, a description backed up by the kids riding their bikes and the folks walking their dogs despite the crush of television trucks and reporters waiting near the Lanza home.
	Although many interviewed in the neighborhood said they didn’t know Nancy Lanza, or merely knew that a family by that name lived nearby, those that did know her said the day’s events were too much.
	Lanza’s friend and neighbor Rhonda Cullens fought back tears Friday afternoon in the doorway of her home on Founders Lane, just around the corner from the Lanza residence.
	She said she met Nancy Lanza playing bunco, a popular dice game, with a group of women in the neighborhood, but she hadn’t seen her for years since she stopped playing with the group. “She was just a sweet, caring person.”
	Marsha Moskowitz, 56, who lives near the Lanzas, used to drive a school bus for the school district and would pick up both Adam, 20, and Ryan Lanza, 24. They were “very quiet, shy,” she said, “You know the trouble kids, and you figure, ‘Pff, that one’s going to be trouble.’ But I never would have thought that about them,” she said.
	In dropping off and picking up the boys each day for years, she would often run into Nancy Lanza, she said.
	“We would chit-chat,” Moskowitz said, who remembered Lanza as “a very kind woman.”

Courant staff writers Dave Altimari, Brian Dowling, Kenneth R. Gosselin, Jenny Wilson, Naedine Hazell and Nancy Schoeffler contributed to this story. (c)2012 The Hartford Courant (Hartford, Conn.) Visit The Hartford Courant (Hartford, Conn.) at www.courant.com. Distributed by MCT Information Services
	 








Text Only



    Copyright
    2012
    The Edmond Sun. All rights
    reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast,
    rewritten or redistributed.




Local News






Victims in Connecticut school shooting remembered fondly

	The principal of Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown — described in one tribute as “a principal that you’d want your children to have” — was among the more than two dozen adults and children killed Friday at the school, in a shooting that sent shockwaves around the world.

December 15, 2012
1 Photo
1 Story






UCO commissions new ROTC officers

	A combat team leader, a nurse, a signal corpsman and an intelligence officer became second lieutenants Friday during a ceremony on the University of Central Oklahoma campus.

December 14, 2012
4 Photos






HOPE Center helps students, families

EDITOR’S NOTE: As a public service to our community, today is the fourth in a series of six weekly articles for the annual Edmond Sun Christmas Samaritan Fund Drive benefiting the HOPE Center of Edmond. This year's goal is to raise $161,000 for the nonprofit service agency. To donate, mail tax-deductible contributions to HOPE Center, P.O. Box 2915, Edmond, 73083-2915 or go online to www.hopecenterofedmond.com.

December 14, 2012
1 Photo



Edmond Chamber welcomes incoming House speaker

	Tax reform is certain to continue as a hot topic of debate when the First Regular Session of the 54th Oklahoma Legislature convenes Jan. 8.

December 14, 2012



Edmond resident finds canon round

	An Edmond resident found a live canon round and reported the discovery, according to an Edmond Police Department incident report.

December 14, 2012



12-16 Edmond Senior Center calendar

	The Edmond Senior Center, 2733 Marilyn Williams Drive, is open 8 a.m. to 4 p.m. Monday-Friday.  
	For information about Edmond senior programs, stop by and pick up a monthly calendar, check out the website at edmondseniorcenter.com or call 216-7600.

December 14, 2012






VIDEO: President Obama addresses shooting at CT school

	The president says has the victims of Friday's shooting in his thoughts and prayers.

December 14, 2012
1 Photo






VIDEO: Sandy Hook student sees man handcuffed on ground

	A student at Sandy Hook Elementary describes seeing a man handcuffed on the ground as he and classmates fled the school.

December 14, 2012
1 Photo






Edmond YMCA recognizes volunteers

	The Edmond YMCA recognized a group of volunteers during the YMCA of Greater Oklahoma City’s Annual Meeting and Celebration. Bruce Chadick, Shelby Rigsby, the Needels family and Tawni Holmes were among those recognized at the event earlier this month.

December 14, 2012
2 Photos



12-15 Police & Fire

	Information in this column is gathered from city fire incident logs and police incident reports. Persons booked into the city jail are held for up to 10 days. Not every incident leads to a formal charge. If charges are filed, innocence or guilt is determined by a court of law. Until then, defendants are to be presumed innocent.

December 14, 2012



 More Local News Headlines






Featured Ads






NDN Video



Conn. Police: Shooter Forced His Way Into School



Newtown School Shooting Suspect



The Connecticut School Tragedy



Dr. Phil Explains How To Talk To Kids About Connecticut Tragedy



Chocolate Oink



Marisa Miller Welcomes a Baby Boy



Authorities Seize Nearly 16 Tons Of Pot Worth Up To $300M



Roasted Pears With Prosciutto



Taylor Swift Trespasser Arrested After Birthday Break in



Raw: Vigil After Shooting in Newtown, Conn.



CT police lieutenant shares new Sandy Hook investigation details



North Korea holds mass celebration of rocket launch



3rd Grader Tells Reporter About Terrifying Moments at Sandy Hook Elementary



Adam Sandler Performs A Hilarious 'Hallelujah' Cover With Paul Shaffer - 12-12-12 The Concert for Sa



Images of Grief at Conn. School Shooting



Gov. Malloy: "Evil Visited This Community Today"



Raw: Student Describes Scene at School Shooting



NASA Video Debunks End of World Theories



Obama Describes 'Overwhelming Grief'



Stars Plunge into Sexy Red Carpet Styles



Poll

Has your charitable giving in 2012 gone up, down or stayed the same?



        Gone up

        Gone down

        Stayed the same

        No giving this year

          
      View Results




















 




























Site Map

News



Local News


        •
          Sports


        •
          Obituaries


        •
          Business


        •
          Education


        •
          Features





Classifieds



Monster Jobs


        •
          Classifieds


        •
          Place An Ad


        •
          Zillow Real Estate





Circulation



Subscription Services





Area Business Directory



blinc - Your Local Business Linc






Contact Us



All Departments


(405) 341-2121      












© 2012 Community Newspaper Holdings, Inc. · 
      CNHI Classified Advertising Network · 
      CNHI News Service

      Associated Press content © 2012. All rights reserved. AP content may not be published, 
      broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
      
      Our site is powered by Zope. Some parts of our site may require 
      you to download the Flash Player Plugin.
      
Privacy Policy |
      AP News Registry privacy policy
Terms and Conditions
Advertiser Index














Events by eviesays.com




Back to top

      The Edmond Sun
      123 S. Broadway
      Edmond, OK
      73034
    











