BBC News - China school knife attack in Henan injures 22 children


       

                Accessibility links  Skip to content Skip to local navigation Accessibility Help      bbc.co.uk navigation   News   Sport   Weather   Travel   Future   TV   Radio   More…         Search term:             




China







Home
US & Canada
Latin America
UK
Africa
Asia
Europe
Mid-East
Business
Health
Sci/Environment
Tech
Entertainment
Video


Asia Business
China
India



















14 December 2012
Last updated at 06:29 ET


Share this page


Delicious


Digg


Facebook


reddit


StumbleUpon


Twitter


Email


Print





China school knife attack in Henan injures 22 children




Continue reading the main story Related Stories


Man held over China school attack


China concern over school attacks



A man with a knife has wounded 22 children - at least two of them seriously - and an adult at a primary school in central China.
The attack happened at the gate of a school in Chenpeng village in Henan province.
Police arrested a 36-year-old local man at the scene.
Security at China's schools has been increased in recent years following a spate of similar knife attacks in which nearly 20 children have been killed.
The BBC's John Sudworth in Shanghai says many of the attackers have been mentally disturbed men, prompting a debate about the effects of China's recent, rapid social change and the inability of an antiquated hospital system to cope with rising levels of mental illness.
The Associated Press news agency quotes a police officer as saying that this latest attack happened as pupils were arriving for classes. 
The agency also quotes a county hospital administrator as saying that the man first attacked an elderly woman, then the children, before being overpowered by security guards. 
He added that two of the injured pupils had been transferred to better-equipped hospitals outside the county.




More on This Story


Related Stories



Man held over China school attack

04 AUGUST 2010,    
                                                ASIA-PACIFIC



China concern over school attacks

30 APRIL 2010,    
                                                ASIA-PACIFIC















Share this page


Delicious


Digg


Facebook


reddit


StumbleUpon


Twitter


Email


Print
















More China stories
RSS




China submits islands row to UN

China submits a detailed explanation of its claims to a disputed part of the East China Sea to the United Nations.



China Daily starts Africa edition




PetroChina agrees Canada gas deal












Top stories



School gunman 'forced his way in'


Gallstone operation for Mandela


Egyptians voting into the night


Rocket attack on Pakistan airport


Kate nurse left 'unfillable void'









Features & Analysis




Hairy crabs

The delicacy of the autumn in eastern China 	
				  




10 things 

Female fish fancy males attracted to other males, and other nuggets 	
				  




Losing faith

Japan questions traditional party politics 	
				  




Tweets of the week

Ikea monkey, Susan Rice and North Korea - in under 140 characters 	
				  






Most Popular
Shared




1: Vodka 'saved elephants from cold'



2: China school hit by knife attack



3: Obama plea after school shooting



4: Nelson Mandela undergoes surgery



5: How the internet is changing English



Read




1: School gunman 'forced his way in'



2: Adam Lanza: friendless gunman



3: School shooting: How it happened



4: Automatic net porn block rejected



5: Will Obama address gun control?



6: Indians begin to talk about S&M



7: Cathedral prays for Kate nurse



8: Rocket attack on Pakistan airport



9: Egypt set to vote on constitution



10: Nasa admits 'Everest' photo error



Video/Audio




1: 'I thought we were all going to die' Watch



2: Planes struggle to land in Spain Watch



3: Teacher 'piled students into bathroom' Watch



4: One-minute World News Watch



5: Handcuffed man steals police car Watch



6: US mourns shooting victims Watch



7: Pupil: 'Everyone went on the ground' Watch



8: Obama: 'Heal the broken hearted' Watch



9: Lanza ex-neighbour 'sick to stomach' Watch



10: 'Evil visited our community' Watch












Elsewhere on the BBC



Books to get carried away with

Discover some of the best travel writing stocking fillers this festive season















Programmes



Click Watch

Will computers ever be capable of being creative – interpreting a drama or composing music?




















Services

 Mobile
 Connected TV
 News feeds
 Alerts
 E-mail news



About BBC News

Editors' blog
BBC College of Journalism
News sources
Media Action




    BBC links    Mobile siteTerms of UseAbout the BBC     Advertise With UsPrivacyBBC Help     Ad ChoicesCookiesAccessibility Help     Parental GuidanceContact Us       BBC © 2012 The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read more. This page is best viewed in an up-to-date web browser with style sheets (CSS) enabled. While you will be able to view the content of this page in your current browser, you will not be able to get the full visual experience. Please consider upgrading your browser software or enabling style sheets (CSS) if you are able to do so.  








































    





