Mourn, and take action on guns - CNN.com

         SET EDITION:  U.S. INTERNATIONAL MÉXICO ARABIC    TV:   CNN CNNi CNN en Español HLN      Sign up Log in                Home TV & Video CNN Trends U.S. World Politics Justice Entertainment Tech Health Living Travel Opinion iReport Money Sports   



















Print
Email
More sharing














Mourn, and take action on guns



By Ethan Zuckerman, Special to CNN
updated 9:08 PM EST, Fri December 14, 2012










Police officers keep guard at the entrance to the street leading to the Sandy Hook Elementary School on Saturday, December 15. Twenty-seven people, including the shooter, are dead, including 20 children, after a deadly shooting rampage on Friday.




Connecticut State Police Lt. Paul Vance addresses the press on December 15.




Police officers stand at the entrance to the street leading to the Sandy Hook Elementary School on December 15.




Corinne McLaughlin, a student at the University of Hartford, bows her head during a candlelight vigil at Hartford, Connecticut's Bushnell Park on Friday, December 14, honoring the students and teachers who died at Sandy Hook Elementary School in nearby Newtown earlier in the day.




Distraught people leave the fire station after hearing news of their loved ones from officials on Friday.




Emergency workers stand in front of the Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown.




A child and her mother leave a staging area outside Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown, Connecticut, on December 14. 




Members of the media converge on December 14 in front of an apartment at 1313 Grand Street in Hoboken, New Jersey. The apartment is believed to be connected to the Connecticut elementary school shooting.




Faisal Ali, right, of Colorado Springs, Colorado, joins other people outside the White House on December 14 to participate in a candlelight vigil to remember the victims of the Sandy Hook Elementary School shooting.




Connecticut State Police spokesman Lt. J. Paul Vance, center, briefs the media on the elementary school shootings during a press conference at Treadwell Memorial Park on December 14 in Newtown.




People weep and embrace near Sandy Hook Elementary School on Friday, December 14.




A woman leans on a man as she weeps near Sandy Hook Elementary School on December 14.




President Barack Obama wipes a tear as he speaks about the shooting at Sandy Hook Elementary School during a press briefing at the White House on December 14.




A woman weeps near the site of a shooting at Sandy Hook Elementary School on December 14.




A woman weeps near Sandy Hook Elementary School on December 14.




People comfort each other near Sandy Hook Elementary School on December 14.




A man takes in the scene near Sandy Hook Elementary School on December 14.




A young girl is given a blanket after being evacuated from Sandy Hook Elementary School on December 14.




State police personnel lead children from the school.




Children wait outside Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown, Connecticut, after the shooting.




A boy weeps at Reed Intermediate School after getting news of the shooting at Sandy Hook Elementary School on December 14.




FBI SWAT team members walk along Dickinson Drive near Sandy Hook Elementary School on December 14.




An aerial view of Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown, Connecticut on December 14.




Connecticut State Troopers arrive on the scene outside Sandy Hook Elementary School on December 14.




A Connecticut State Police officer runs with a shotgun at the Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown on December 14.




Police patrol the streets around Sandy Hook Elementary School on December 14.




People try to deal with the shock of the attack outside Sandy Hook Elementary School on December 14.




Connecticut State Police secure the scene of the shooting on December 14.




People embrace outside Sandy Hook Elementary School on December 14.




A man escorts his son away from Sandy Hook Elementary School on December 14.




People take in the news outside Sandy Hook Elementary School on December 14.




People line up to enter Newtown Methodist Church near the the scene of the shooting on December 14.




A woman speaks with a Connecticut state trooper outside Sandy Hook Elementary School on December 14.




The streets around Sandy Hook Elementary are packed with first responders and other vehicles.




A view of the scene at Sandy Hook Elementary School after the shooting.




A young boy is comforted outside Sandy Hook Elementary School on December 14.




People embrace each other on December 14.




HIDE CAPTION


Connecticut school shooting
Connecticut school shooting
Connecticut school shooting
Connecticut school shooting
Connecticut school shooting
Connecticut school shooting
Connecticut school shooting
Connecticut school shooting
Connecticut school shooting
Connecticut school shooting
Connecticut school shooting
Connecticut school shooting
Connecticut school shooting
Connecticut school shooting
Connecticut school shooting
Connecticut school shooting
Connecticut school shooting
Connecticut school shooting
Connecticut school shooting
Connecticut school shooting
Connecticut school shooting
Connecticut school shooting
Connecticut school shooting
Connecticut school shooting
Connecticut school shooting
Connecticut school shooting
Connecticut school shooting
Connecticut school shooting
Connecticut school shooting
Connecticut school shooting
Connecticut school shooting
Connecticut school shooting
Connecticut school shooting
Connecticut school shooting
Connecticut school shooting
Connecticut school shooting
Connecticut school shooting



<<
<





1





2





3





4





5





6





7





8





9





10





11





12





13





14





15





16





17





18





19





20





21





22





23





24





25





26





27





28





29





30





31





32





33





34





35





36





37


>
>>






STORY HIGHLIGHTS


Ethan Zuckerman: Friends react to Newtown shooting with grief, prayers, calls for gun control
He says some say talk about gun control insensitive; he says no. We must mourn and act
He says 2012 may be worst year for gun violence in U.S., yet we avoid talk of gun control
Writer: Best way to mourn these deaths is to demand we change our laws, our culture




Editor's note: Ethan Zuckerman directs the Center for Civic Media, based at MIT's Media Lab. He lives in Lanesboro, Massachusetts, and blogs at http://ethanzuckerman.com/blog
(CNN) -- I logged onto Facebook this afternoon, terrified of what I would read.
I grew up near Newtown, Connecticut, and went to high school in Danbury, Connecticut. A close friend spent her childhood at Sandy Hook Elementary School, the school where a shooter killed at least 26 people today, police said, most of them children.
Police reports are still coming in, and we are only beginning to grasp the scale of this tragedy. Friends are describing their panic as they try to reach their children in schools that are on lockdown. One of my high school classmates is trying to support her best friend, whose daughter was one of the children killed.
My Facebook timeline is filled with expressions of relief for those who escaped the violence, sorrow for those lost, and prayers for recovery. It's also filled with friends demanding that America take action on gun control. Their calls are answered by others who protest that this is a time to mourn, not a time for politics.


Ethan Zuckerman

A tragedy like today's shooting demands we both mourn and take action.
In April of this year, One L. Goh shot 10 nursing students at Oikos University in Oakland, California. In July, James Holmes shot 70 people in a movie theater in Aurora, Colorado. In August, Wade Michael Page shot 10 people in a Sikh gurdwara in Oak Creek, Wisconsin. With today's tragedy, 2012 is likely to be the worst year for mass gun violence in U.S. history. It follows a year in which a mass shooting killed six and critically injured Rep. Gabrielle Giffords. And on Tuesday two people killed when a gunman opened fire at a shopping mall in Oregon.
News: 'Our hearts are broken'
Outside of these mass shooting incidents covered by the media, 2012 is likely to be a bad one in terms of "ordinary" shootings. The CDC reports that 30,759 were treated in hospitals for gunshot wounds in 2011, a 47% increase over 2001. Homicide rates in the U.S. are going down while incidences of shootings are increasing, because doctors are now so experienced at treating gunshot wounds that they are saving more lives.
Yet conventional wisdom argues that the U.S. is too polarized and divided for any meaningful changes to our broken and inadequate gun laws. The National Rifle Association and other lobbying groups are too well-funded and powerful for politicians to stand behind even modest gun control measures, like Sen. Frank Lautenberg's proposed ban on high-capacity magazines, which lapsed in 2004.
Americans who follow the gun-control debate have stopped expecting change in the wake of events like today's shooting for the simple reason of precedent: If Aurora, Oak Creek, Tuscon and Columbine haven't changed the politics of gun control, why should we believe the tragedy in Newtown will have a different outcome?


Become a fan of CNNOpinion
Stay up to date on the latest opinion, analysis and conversations through social media. Join us at Facebook/CNNOpinion and follow us @CNNOpinion on Twitter. We welcome your ideas and comments.




The NRA's most powerful weapon against gun control isn't postcard campaigns, primary battles or political advertising. It's silence. So long as we assume gun control is impossible, we don't talk about gun control. So long as we don't talk about gun control, gun control is impossible.
The NRA fights any attempts to control firearms, no matter how common-sensical, because their greatest fear is public debate over any controls over guns. Once we begin discussing whether it's reasonable for civilians to be able to buy unlimited amounts of ammunition without a background check, we've moved gun control from the realm of the unthinkable into the possible.
News: Support crucial for kids after trauma




Tragedy strikes at elementary school 





Gov. Malloy: Tragedy of unspeakable terms





Obama weeps over school massacre





3rd grader describes shooting from class

It sounds reasonable and compassionate when New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie responded to the Aurora shootings by demanding, "This is just not the appropriate time to be grandstanding about gun laws. Can we at least get through the initial grief and tragedy for these families?"
Christie, and my friends on Facebook who demand we mourn apolitically, have the best of intentions, but they are missing a simple truth. Moments like today's tragedy in Newtown remind us that the U.S. suffers from an epidemic of gun violence, a pattern that's does not exist in other highly developed nations.
Moments of crisis, like the shooting in Newtown, tend to produce brief spikes of popular interest in gun control. My research on media attention suggests these spikes are extremely short-lived, and that they may be decreasing in intensity. There was less popular interest in gun control, as measured by Google searches, after the Gabrielle Giffords shooting and the Aurora killings than after Virginia Tech.
There were almost no spikes of popular interest in gun control after "smaller" mass shootings, like that in Oak Creek. To have any chance of combating the NRA's campaign of silence, gun control groups have to seize moments of media attention to push for change.
When the story about the Newtown shooter comes out, it is likely that we will hear about a disturbed and deranged shooter and about "senseless violence," as if to distinguish it from more sensible gun violence. This language turns mass shootings into natural disasters, as unpredictable and preventable as hurricanes and tornados.
Human behavior is unpredictable, but gun violence is not. In Chengping, Henan, China today, a deranged man slashed 22 schoolchildren with a knife. None died. School shootings in America are a product both of mad people and bad laws.
As we learn more about the young children killed in Newtown today, we will hear calls not to "politicize" their deaths. I urge you to ignore those calls. There is no better way to mourn these senseless deaths than to demand we change our laws and our culture so that the killing of innocent children truly becomes unthinkable.
Follow @CNNOpinion on Twitter
Join us at Facebook/CNNOpinion

The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ethan Zuckerman.




0
Comments »












Print
Email
More sharing


















We recommend



From around the web




























Part of complete coverage on 
Opinion on the news


Parents' promise: I will keep you safe

updated 11:42 AM EST, Sat December 15, 2012




LZ Granderson says parents are confronting new anxiety over their inability to protect their children in a world of violence.



Enough with our cowardice

updated 1:37 PM EST, Sat December 15, 2012




Roland Martin asks whether the U.S. has become a nation of cowards desperate to duck real issues such as gun control, mental illness



Mourn, and take action on guns

updated 9:08 PM EST, Fri December 14, 2012




Ethan Zuckerman says ignore those who warn against "politicizing" the Newtown shootings; mourn these senseless deaths by demanding we change our laws, culture to end gun violence. 



An unfair portrait of Susan Rice

updated 9:22 AM EST, Fri December 14, 2012




Amar Bakshi, a former assistant to the U.N. ambassador, says articles criticizing Rice's personality were caricatures of her real self



It's 'slime' time in college football

updated 12:19 PM EST, Fri December 14, 2012




Jeff Pearlman says he wouldn't trust new Western Kentucky football coach Bobby Petrino with his dog



Follow CNN Opinion on Twitter





Get the latest opinion and analysis from CNN's columnists and contributors.



A lucky day for Susan Rice

updated 9:21 AM EST, Fri December 14, 2012




David Rothkopf says Rice didn't achieve her dream of becoming secretary of state, but it's likely that whomever gets the job will face a constant ordeal confronting America's serious global challengess



A feminist film epic and the real women of the CIA

updated 5:49 PM EST, Thu December 13, 2012




The new film Zero Dark Thirty gets it right, says Peter Bergen -- the hunt for bin Laden owed much to the role of female analysts who found key clues 



Do you believe in celebrity wardrobe 'malfunction'? 

updated 7:55 AM EST, Fri December 14, 2012




Dean Obeidallah says Anne Hathaway's mishap makes us wonder if we are being played for idiots by celebrities seeking attention 



Will Obama help unions?

updated 5:13 PM EST, Thu December 13, 2012




Nelson Lichtenstein: President Obama and the Democrats need to defend trade unionism in its hour of need. 



CIA's most famous operative is a secret star

updated 7:59 AM EST, Thu December 13, 2012




Howard Kurtz says the new film "Zero Dark Thirty" is going to make a hero of a hard-charging woman who helped drive the hunt for bin Laden, but her name is a secret. 



Javier Bardem: Stand up for the abused in Western Sahara

updated 1:02 PM EST, Thu December 13, 2012




The actor says Morocco has been abusing the human rights of about 200,000 Sahrawi people, and the international community should exert pressure to stop it.



Ravi Shankar, emissary for world beat

updated 8:14 AM EST, Thu December 13, 2012




Gene Seymour says "Beauty" seemed somehow an insufficient description for the sounds that came from Ravi Shankar's sitar in a concert hall. 



Have yourself a merry atheist Christmas!

updated 9:31 AM EST, Thu December 13, 2012




Penn Jillette describes how The Monkees might offer strategy in the war on Christmas. But for a war, it's pretty harmless. 



One small step for Kim Jong Un

updated 5:05 PM EST, Thu December 13, 2012




Joe Cirincione: North Korea's successful launch of a satellite is a major feat, but it is not a serious military threat to other nations. 












NewsPulse

Most popular stories right now


Wal-Mart slashes prices on iPhone and iPad





Sheppard: Malala is face of school attacks





Fiscal cliff indecision leaves paychecks up in the air





Live blog: Children and adults gunned down in Connecticut school massacre





'Why? Why?': 26 dead in school massacre




Explore the news with NewsPulse »





























                     Home | Video | CNN Trends | U.S. | World | Politics | Justice | Entertainment | Tech | Health | Living | Travel | Opinion | iReport | Money | Sports Tools & widgets | RSS | Podcasts | Blogs | CNN mobile | My profile | E-mail alerts | CNN shop | Site map    CNN en ESPAÑOL | CNN Chile | CNN Expansion | العربية | 한국어 | 日本語 | Türkçe CNN TV | HLN | Transcripts |    © 2012 Cable News Network. Turner Broadcasting System, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Terms of service | Privacy guidelines | Ad choices | Advertise with us | About us | Contact us | Work for us | Help             










