Sandy Hook shooting: Stories of heroism, ways to help - CSMonitor.com




Switch to Desktop Site













The Christian Science Monitor

 



Top Stories
Quizzes
Sections

 




USA


			Sandy Hook shooting: Stories of heroism, ways to help
					

As the nation and the world focus on the Connecticut school shooting, many people are turning to local news sources in Newtown for information and ways to help.

									By 		
	
				
					            				
	Brad Knickerbocker, Staff writer /
								December 15, 2012
			




A man hugs his young daughters as they attend a vigil at Saint Rose of Lima church Friday night in Newtown, Conn. 

Frank Becerra Jr./The Journal News/AP







About these ads




As news continues to emerge about the school shooting at the Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown, Connecticut, many Americans are eager to help in whatever way they can.



 
In Pictures
American Gun Culture
 


Some of the best advice – and some of the best reporting on this national tragedy – can be found at two local web sites in Newtown.The Newtown Bee features “stories of heroism” on its web site. Newtown.patch includes breaking news, profiles, and information about a fund that has been set up to support the community.“United Way of Western Connecticut (UWWC) extends our most sincere condolences and prayers to all those families affected by the devastating events in Newtown/Sandy Hook, Connecticut,” writes David Deschenes, an official with UWWC, on Newtown.patch. “While the eyes of the world may be on Newtown/Sandy Hook, to our staff, volunteers and contributors, Newtown is home. We will stand with the community and everyone affected directly and indirectly by this senseless event as we face the days and weeks ahead.”When tragedy strikes: a prayerful response to the shootings in Connecticut


Next
Page:  
																																	1
							  |  																														2
							  |  																														3


Share




Facebook





Twitter




E-mail this article



Related


In Pictures
American Gun Culture


Obama on Conn. shooting: 'Our hearts are broken today' (+video)


The Monitor's View
Newtown shootings: What to say to ourselves


When tragedy strikes: a prayerful response to the shootings in Connecticut


More from: 
		
								
					
	
			USA



How much will your taxes go up if US falls off 'fiscal cliff'? (+video)
 


NATO summit: Why US, allies don't just call it quits in Afghanistan
 


Bonjour, Hollande. Ready for a gentle arm-twisting at the White House? (+video)
 


Top 9 reasons Congress is broken
 


On renewal of Violence Against Women Act, Senate Democrats have upper hand
 

View all USA





Top Stories



 
Sandy Hook school shooting: Few easy answers for a violent culture
 


Entrepreneur Joe Edwards helps make St. Louis vibrant again


The Vote

			Gimme shelter! Your Rolling Stones guide to the 'fiscal cliff'
	


Egyptians go to polls on controversial constitution


On election's eve, Japan's conservatives appear poised for dramatic comeback


Can Ben Bernanke save the job market if 'fiscal cliff' talks fail?


Syrian opposition forces say they are on brink of major victory in Aleppo


In Pictures
Santa Clones!


December 14, 2012
Photos of the Day


The Monitor's View
Newtown shootings: What to say to ourselves


Gallery
Monitor Political Cartoons


Opinion
Next time, US Senate should ratify UN disabilities treaty  



Cover storyInside the mind of Iran's Khamenei




Most Viewed



 
Sandy Hook shooting: Stories of heroism, ways to help
 


Elementary school shooting: What gun control laws might US voters support? (+video)


President Obama: American hearts 'heavy with hurt' 


School shooting in Connecticut casts somber mood across nation


'The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey': Is it really necessary? (+trailer)




Sections

World
USA
Commentary
Business
Energy/Environment
Innovation
Science
The Culture
Books





Search:




 


Helpful links

About us
Mobile site FAQ
Terms
Your privacy
Corrections
Questions and comments












View full site


Terms  &  Privacy Policy


© The Christian Science Monitor. All Rights Reserved.















   
 
 




