Gunman in Connecticut shooting forced his way into Sandy Hook school - Pittsburgh Post-Gazette











Obituaries





Classifieds





Jobs





Shopping





Cars





Real Estate





PG Store





Weddings










					December 15, 2012 1:36 pm				



50°





























Post-Gazette.com 

Business Directory







  



HOME








 Gunman in Connecticut shooting forced his way into Sandy Hook school
A poignant vignette from the Connecticut school shooting
Motorcyclist killed in Westmoreland County crash
Off-duty officer injured in South Side scuffle
Pittsburgh premiere of 'Jack Reacher' postponed




Gunman in Connecticut shooting forced his way into Sandy Hook school




Breaking News

Chats
Weather
Traffic
Event guide
Mobile Applications




PG Store
RSS Feeds
Sitemap
PGe
Pittsburgh Press
Special Projects










NEWS








 Despite Obama's appeal for action, new gun control unlikely, experts say
Gunman in Connecticut shooting forced his way into Sandy Hook school
A poignant vignette from the Connecticut school shooting
State System coaches reach contract agreement
Moody's says Western Pa.'s tax review bad for nonprofits




Gunman in Connecticut shooting forced his way into Sandy Hook school




World
Nation
Death Notices
Obituaries
Politics
Early Returns
Education


State
Portfolio
Pipeline
Science
Health
Environment
Transportation









LOCAL








 Court strikes down newspaper access to full Wilkinsburg letter
Police vehicles damaged during Manchester chase
Man may try to withdraw guilty plea in child porn case
New Highmark Stadium welcomes ice skaters
Off-duty officer injured in South Side scuffle




New Highmark Stadium welcomes ice skaters





Region
City
North
East
West
South
Washington



Westmoreland
Pipeline
Death Notices
Classifieds
Jobs
Cars
Real Estate









SPORTS








 Duquesne-Robert Morris rivalry takes on key new twist
Pitt notebook: Coaching speculation is a yearly process
Former Westinghouse player Winton sparkles at Cleveland State
Walsh: The heat is on resorts as winters grow milder
High school highlights: Plum secures 60-52 victory in second OT




Pirates brass catches some flak from fans at fest




Steelers
Penguins
Pirates
High School
Pitt
PSU
Duquesne


Other Sports
RMU
WVU
College Sports
Ski
Outdoors
PG+









OPINION








 Rocket science: The U.S. must keep the pressure on North Korea
First Person / The holiday spirit
Digital extortion: Mug-shot sites should not charge to remove photos
Paul Krugman / Rudderless GOP
PG cartoon on Vatican tweets reveals core truths




Rob Rogers' Cartoons




Editorials
Letters
Op Ed Columns
PG Columnists
Rob Rogers









A & E








 Pittsburgh premiere of 'Jack Reacher' postponed
Share your 'Jack Reacher' photos with movie fans worldwide
People: Alicia Keys, Carole King, Taylor Swift, Barbra Streisand, Amar Stoudemire
Theater Notes: Some troupes offer alternative holiday fare
TV preview: Charles Esten feels at home in 'Nashville'




Scoreboard art brings cartooning to sports fans




Celebrities
Movies
TV & Radio
Music
Theater & Dance


Art & Architecture
Books
Breakfast With
Holidays









LIFE








 Homemaking: Good girl, Sophie!
Gardening Q&A: Helping mums survive winter a difficult task
Dawn redwood offers resplendent fall color
How to decorate with a poinsettia
Parents, children and handling news of the Connecticut shootings




Shop Holiday: Gifts for techies




Food
Homes & Garden
Celebrations
Style & Fashion
Travel
Restaurants
Civil War


Weddings
SEEN
Pets
Recreation

Pittsburgh Mom
Holidays









BUSINESS








 Highmark breaks ground with new medical mall concept
U.S., Walking Out in a Huff, Makes Its Point
PPG to acquire piece of AkzoNobel in $1.05 billion transaction
URA votes to buy former Saks for $4 million
Retailers clamping down on gift card scams




Business news briefs: PSU trustees chairwoman to become a BNY Mellon leader




Technology
Personal Finance
Auto News
Opinion
Markets
Pipeline


Top 50
Top Workplaces
Fortunate 50
Diversity Matters









VIDEO








 Digging with Doug: Holiday displays light up Phipps
Clairton 20, Dunmore 0
Fifth eState: A look at the top social media trends in 2012
PBS films flash mob in honor of Fred Rogers
Police release more details about school shooting




Digging with Doug: Holiday displays light up Phipps




Podcasts
Pittsburgh Revolution
Pittsburgh Then and Now
A Pittsburgh History
AP video











PHOTO






 





Sports Photos
Photo Sales





















Gunman in Connecticut shooting forced his way into Sandy Hook school
December 15, 2012 11:50 am








Jason DeCrow/Associated Press
Lt. J. Paul Vance of the Connecticut State Police conducts a news briefing, this morning in Newtown, Conn. updating progress in the investigation of yesterday's massacre at the Sandy Hook Elementary School.




Click image to enlarge


Share with others:





Tweet

















Related Media:

Twitter updates from Newtown by PG's Tracie Mauriello
Newtown school staffer tells of scene inside as terror unfolded
Investigation continues as Newtown and nation mourns victims of massacre
Despite Obama's appeal for action, new gun control unlikely, experts say
What to tell your children about this tragedy
View an online guestbook for the Newtown victims, share your own thoughts





					By Tracie Mauriello and Michael A. Fuoco / Pittsburgh Post-Gazette					

NEWTOWN, Conn.-- The gunman in the massacre here Friday forced his way into Sandy Hook Elementary School where he killed 20 children and six adults before taking his own life, Connecticut State Police said today."He was not voluntarily let into school at all," state police Lt. J. Paul Vance told reporters in a morning briefing. "He forced his way into the school."He wasn't more specific about just how the gunman was able to force his way through the school's security system, which required a visitor to be buzzed through a locked front door.The school, where more than 600 students from kindergarten through fourth grade were educated, is now an active crime scene where detectives are trying to examine "every crevice...inside and outside the building," Lt. Vance said.He said investigators are obtaining "very good" evidence about the actions of shooter Adam Lanza, 20, both at the school and at his home where he fatally shot his mother, who some news agencies have described as a substitute teacher at Sandy Hook. Lt. Vance declined to be more specific.A surviving shooting victim, a woman who was shot in the foot, is going to be "very instrumental in this investigation," he said.Lt. Vance said he is not putting a time limit on the investigation but estimated it could be concluded within two days.Processing of the crime scene began immediately after the building was secured. The immediate focus was to work with the Office of the Chief State's Medical Examiner to establish the identity of the deceased victims, Lt. Vance said. That goal was accomplished overnight with the notification of next of kin and subsequent positive identification. Autopsies will be conducted to determine the cause and manner of death, he said.The family of each victim was assigned a trooper or police officer to maintain an open line of communication with law enforcement authorities. Families have requested no press interviews, he said, urging reporters to honor that request.The United Way of Western Connecticut has established a fund for the victims' families."People across the country have been asking how they can help. So we set this fund up. We'll figure out later how to distribute the money, how the families can best use it."Anyone wishing to contribute to the Sandy Hook School Support Fund can do so by mailing a donation c/o Newtown Savings Bank, 39 Main St., Newtown, Conn. 06470.More details in tomorrow's Pittsburgh Post-Gazette. 

					Washington bureau chief Tracie Mauriello: tmauriello@post-gazette.com or 703-996-9292. Michael A. Fuoco: mfuoco@post-gazette.com or 412-263-1968.
					First Published December 15, 2012 11:50 am					





 

 




















LATEST IN NEWS


Gunman in Connecticut shooting forced his way into Sandy Hook school

2012-12-15 11:50:42


Investigation continues as Newtown, nation mourns victims of massacre

2012-12-15 11:24:17


A poignant vignette from the Connecticut school shooting

2012-12-15 09:52:05


Motorcyclist killed in Westmoreland County crash

2012-12-15 09:03:29


State System coaches reach contract agreement

2012-12-15 01:11:05


Moody's says Western Pa.'s tax review bad for nonprofits

2012-12-15 01:08:50

























 
 
















Pittsburgh Post-Gazette




HOME



NEWS



LOCAL



SPORTS



OPINION



A & E



LIFE



BUSINESS



VIDEO



PHOTO



CLASSIFIEDS



JOBS



SHOPPING



CARS



REAL ESTATE



PG Store



WEDDINGS






Contact Us
Site Map


Media Kit
34 Allies
About Us

Corrections
 RSS Feeds


Technical Help?
Products & Services




PG Sites:
PG+
Pipeline

Staff Blogs
Community Voices
Early Returns
Sports Town

Pittsburgh Mom

The Digs
Special Projects
PG Plate




Social Media:
Twitter:
  News
  Customer Care
Facebook
Pinterest

Google+





Print:
Home Delivery



Rates



Back Copies


Newsstand








				Copyright ©1997 — 2012 PG Publishing Co., Inc. All Rights Reserved.
				Terms of Use  
				Privacy Policy  

				

					Page generated in: 1,355,596,571.1775				







 


 




















ADVERTISEMENT




ADVERTISEMENT












ADVERTISEMENT





















