  New Details on Sandy Hook Shooting | Maboot.com



Home
About us
Disclaimer
Privacy Policy





  

 





 


Entertainment

Fashion

Health

Politics

Sports

Technology


 


Home
Politics New Details on Sandy Hook Shooting				 New Details on Sandy Hook Shooting


	    		15 mins ago
	    		by Bobby Simmons 0
 



 
Shooting massacres have seemingly increased over the last year or so, but the one at Sandy Hook Elementary school yesterday was different than the others we have heard about. The majority of the other shootings happened in either a public place packed full of primarily at least high school or college students if not adults. Yesterday’s shooting, on the other hand, involved a school packed full of kindergarteners to fourth graders. The even more shocking thing was that the shooter was a 20-year old kid, Adam Lanza. As far as what has been reported so far, the only connection Lanza even has to the school is that he once attended school in the same town, and his mother is a teacher at the school. However, Lanza even fatally shot his mother at their home before she headed off to school for the day.



Law enforcement officials have finally released a few more details about the shooting, but the motive is still unknown. They say they recovered three firearms used during the shooting; all of which were considered to be some of the most powerful guns on the market. The guns were legally owned and registered to his mother. It has also been announced that Mr. Lanza somehow forced his way into the school and that he did not simply walk into the building as it was originally assumed. They have not released details regarding where or how he forced entry, though.
Officials went on to say that all of the bodies have been positively identified, and they have been removed as of last night. It is speculated that the identities of the children so sadly killed during the shooting will be released later this afternoon (Saturday). They say it will take several days; if not weeks or months before an official motive is found, but it is noted that they are currently interviewing people who may have knowledge on why Adam would do something so horrible aside from an assumed mental illness.
Police took Adam’s brother into custody yesterday for interviewing, and they plan to speak with his father, who lives in another city, and the lone survivor who was shot by Adam. They believe the one, wounded survivor will be able to provide a high level of detail regarding what the shooter did upon entering the classroom she was in. Adam’s dad and brother will, hopefully, be able to inform investigators about issues that could have driven Adam to commit the act.







 


 Bobby Simmons
	    				Bobby Simmons is a political news reporter and has a vast experience in covering politics. He has received recognition at high level news media and has joined Maboot.com to provide the same.	    			

 



Share This Post
Tweet


 














 

 





Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.
 



Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website








 
 
 









Google+
Twitter
Facebook
RSS
 

 



Latest
Popular
Comments
 







Anibal Sanchez Re-Signs with Tigers
13 mins ago 0
 





New Details on Sandy Hook Shooting
15 mins ago 0
 





Fatal Shooting at Connecticut School
13 hours ago 0
 





Tom Watson to Captain 2014 Ryder Cup Team
1 day ago 0
 





Another Ranger Departs Texas
1 day ago 0
 



 





Degenerate Model/Actor Pinched In New Hampshire College Coed Killing
63 days ago 8
 





MSNBC Host Chris Matthews Says GOP Wants ‘Shariah’ Law
58 days ago 7
 





Rick Ross Cancels Tour Amid Safety Concerns
6 days ago 6
 





Romney’s Loss not Completely Bad- According to Mormons
31 days ago 5
 





Lil Wayne Reveals His Plans To Retire From Music
21 days ago 5
 



 








			Herry69: lots and lots and lots of great carpet munching here !!!...



		








			Miranda: FINALLY! NICKI AND JUSTIN SUCK!!!!!! One D is good but I feel lik...



		








			CASTRO: RICK ROSS IS WEAK SAUCE. AINT GANGSTA, AINT STREETS, AINT REAL. B...



		








			Christopher Cleare Glashaus: Any public figure who would change his or her itinerary because o...



		








			kim: Issac Hayes is stalking him for stealing his look. Rick Ross real...



		



 

css
dropbox
featured
google
mysql
opinion
php
review
tips
ubuntu
windows 7
wordpress  

 


 




 
  		© 2012 Maboot.com. All rights reserved. Site Admin · Entries RSS · Comments RSS   Powered by WordPress · Designed by Theme Junkie      
