'Pilgrims' pour into Sandy Hook Village after massacre - CSMonitor.com

 
 Skip to: Content
	Skip to: Site Navigation
	Skip to: Search



















Search







World


USA


Commentary


Business


Energy/Environment


Innovation


Science


Culture


Books










All USA
Politics
Elections
DC Decoder
Foreign Policy
Justice
Military
Society
Education
Sports
Latest News Wires





				Sign up for FREE E-Newsletters: 
			 


Daily Top Stories
Best of the Week - Editor's Picks
Change Agent
Books
BizTech
Opinion & Commentary
Politics
Food (Stir It Up!)




 







Subscribe and save 57
%


 














Advertisements





















		'Pilgrims' pour into Sandy Hook Village after massacre
			

As church bells pealed in Sandy Hook Village Sunday, people from across the region came to the site of the school shooting to offer teddy bears and roses as they tried to sort out a national tragedy.

							By 
		
	
				
					            				
	Patrik Jonsson, Staff writer /
						December 16, 2012
		











A man hugs a boy at a memorial near Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown, Connecticut , on Sunday. Twelve girls, eight boys and six adult women were killed in a shooting at the school.
Eric Thayer/REUTERS


Enlarge










0 





SANDY HOOK VILLAGE, Conn.


As church bells pealed and Sandy Hook residents on Sunday retreated to private church services to seek solace in the wake of the nation's worst-ever primary school shooting, hundreds of self-proclaimed "pilgrims" trudged stunned and red-eyed toward the massacre site to offer teddy bears and roses to the 20 first graders and six school staff who died Friday.
Skip to next paragraph
















Enlarge






Related stories







In Pictures: American Gun Culture






Sandy Hook families: Coming together to comfort and heal


Sandy Hook school shooting: Few easy answers for a violent culture (+video)


Sandy Hook School shooting: Voices from around the world


The Monitor's View:
Newtown shootings: What to say to ourselves










Subscribe Today to the Monitor
Click Here for your FREE 30 DAYS ofThe Christian Science MonitorWeekly Digital Edition

 

They included a former Marine who counseled kids in Iraq, a state school association officer, local teachers, and families from as far away as San Antonio, Texas. They were met by large lit letters at the village crossroads that read, "Faith. Hope. Love."Their urge to congregate in support of the families of the children echoed a wave of global support and prayers that have poured into the town since a local 20-year-old named Adam Lanza forced his way into Sandy Hook Elementary School Friday morning and killed 20 children at close range, and also shot six staffers trying to shield the children. As police closed in, Mr. Lanza, police say, shot himself with the assault-style rifle used in the attack.When tragedy strikes: a prayerful response to the shootings in Connecticut"I'm here to do what I can do, offer up a prayer," said Dana Hyatt, a middle school teacher in East Haddam, Conn., who drove an hour to see the site. Mr. Hyatt said as a Marine he worked with children in Iraq and Germany."I just felt I needed to make a pilgrimage to show my support," said Frank Piazza from Trumbull, Conn., after laying flowers on one makeshift memorial.A red-eyed man trudged quickly past a deflated Santa Claus street ornament and up the hill toward the school, holding a bouquet of roses. "Tragic day," he whispered.Jim Roodhuyzen, a teacher at a nearby school, found himself out driving Sunday and was pulled as if by a magnet toward the shooting site memorial. Once he saw it, he fetched his wife, Sharon, to come, as well."I thought I'd processed this, but I hadn't," he said."We still can't comprehend that [this massacre] was possible," said Ms. Roodhuyzen through a torrent of tears. "This is not who we are, this is not who we ever will be."Local pastors and community leaders were besieged by calls and emails from places like Russia, Japan, Taiwan, Australia, South Korea, and West Africa.The support pouring into this village on the nook of the Pootatuck River provided an antidote to fears raised by Ms. Roodhuyzen that their hometown would always be associated with inexplicable violence unleashed in their bucolic corner of New England.“There’s an awful lot to just knowing that people care,” Rev. Raymond Petrucci, a chaplain at nearby Danbury Hospital, told NBC News.Near the school, a row of Christmas trees became filled with teddy bears as people walked the half mile from the village center to the firehouse near the school that marked the end of public access.Daniel Gregg, who works with high school principals and superintendents, brought a bouquet of white roses in an "act of solidarity.""Somehow we've been faced with the ultimate extreme," he said.President Obama, who summed up the national mood when he wiped tears from his face after pondering the senseless deaths of "beautiful children," planned to make his own pilgrimage to Sandy Hook Village on Sunday to meet with grieving families and address a town vigil at the high school Sunday evening.When tragedy strikes: a prayerful response to the shootings in Connecticut


Related stories


In Pictures: American Gun Culture


Sandy Hook families: Coming together to comfort and heal


Sandy Hook school shooting: Few easy answers for a violent culture (+video)


Sandy Hook School shooting: Voices from around the world


The Monitor's View:
Newtown shootings: What to say to ourselves




Follow Us

You can find 		
		
	Patrik Jonsson
	on Twitter, Facebook, Google+.














Get free daily or weekly news updates from CSMonitor.com delivered to your inbox. Sign up today. 









 










Subscribe The Christian Science Monitor Today!
 


Read Comments

View reader comments | Comment on this story




					These comments are not screened before publication. Constructive debate about the above story is welcome, but personal attacks are not. Please do not post comments that are commercial in nature or that violate any copyright[s]. Comments that we regard as obscene, defamatory, or intended to incite violence will be removed. If you find a comment offensive, you may flag it.
				


						If you have questions about comments or comment policy, check out our FAQ page.
					

						When posting a comment, you agree to our Terms of Service.
					









 The Culture




'The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey': Is it really necessary? (+trailer)





Books




How well do you know 'The Hobbit’? Take the quiz




 The Culture




Jessica Chastain stars in the troubling, infuriating 'Zero Dark Thirty' (+trailer)




 Innovation




After short absence, Google Maps returns to the Apple iPhone (+video)




 World




Focus:
Baltic nations offer ex-Soviet states a Western model




 The Culture




Why no new Christmas carols?




 USA




Focus:
Which world hot spots will clamor for Obama's attention?




 USA




Israeli envoy calls divisive settlement plan a politically necessary reprisal




 Commentary




The Monitor's View:
Shaping the world of 2030





Making a Difference

Entrepreneur Joe Edwards helps make St. Louis vibrant again
 


Innovation

Data-driven HDTV comparisons
 


Autos

Data-driven car comparisons
 












Weekly review of global news and ideas
Balanced, insightful and trustworthy
Subscribe in print or digital

Special Offer

Print
Digital
 


 







About these ads 










Could you pass a US citizenship test? Find out.





Most viewed




GOP cracks in higher taxes for the wealthy?


Sandy Hook shooting: Stories of heroism, ways to help (+video)


Sandy Hook school shooting: Few easy answers for a violent culture (+video)


Sandy Hook: Police say shooter forced his way into school 

'The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey': Is it really necessary? (+trailer) 

 




Photos of the day

				12.16.12 »
			



Photos of the Weekend 12/16











CSMonitor.com on Facebook

 













Editors' Picks:








Difference Maker
Entrepreneur Joe Edwards helps make St. Louis vibrant again

					
By restoring buildings and activity to a historic St. Louis neighborhood Joe Edwards has become a powerful force for civic good.			 

The Vote:

			Gimme shelter! Your Rolling Stones guide to the 'fiscal cliff'
	


Global News Blog:

			Good Reads: Mexico’s rise, Lincoln’s precedence, and tomorrow’s truth
	


Decoder Wire:

			Taxing the rich: why $250,000 became the benchmark
	


Global News Blog:

			Good Reads: American manufacturing, Apple's new CEO, and a father-son journey to meet two presidents
	



 





About these ads 




Give Good
 



The Christian Science Monitor
Annual Giving Guide
 


Giving back: Eight innovative philanthropists around the world
 

A political chill for charities?  A new Congress could cut tax deductions and funds for charities
 

A Peace Corps for geeks?  Nonprofit donates apps to cities
 

The 50 largest US charities ranked by total income
 

The Christian Science Monitor
People Making a Difference
 

Entrepreneur Joe Edwards helps make St. Louis vibrant again
 

Izhar Gafni invents revolutionary cardboard bicycle
 

Ellen Calmus helps Mexican families cope with cross-border challenges

 

Dian Fossey Gorilla Fund
Underwritten by:
 

 





Become part of the Monitor community



































About these ads


Home
About
Content Map
Contact Us
Subscribe
E-Readers
Text
Specials
Multimedia
Make Us Your Home Page


Careers
Corrections
Find us online
Advertise With Us
Articles on Christian Science



© The Christian Science Monitor. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Privacy Policy.
	

























 

 
 





