'Shock' in Connecticut that 'nice kid' could be responsible for such horror - CNN.com

         SET EDITION:  U.S. INTERNATIONAL MÉXICO ARABIC    TV:   CNN CNNi CNN en Español HLN      Sign up Log in                Home TV & Video CNN Trends U.S. World Politics Justice Entertainment Tech Health Living Travel Opinion iReport Money Sports   



















Print
Email
More sharing














'Shock' in Connecticut that 'nice kid' could be responsible for such horror



By CNN Staff
updated 11:56 AM EST, Sat December 15, 2012












STORY HIGHLIGHTS


NEW: A relative told investigators that Adam Lanza had a form of autism
Officials say Lanza, 20, killed 26 people at a school before he was found dead
A former classmate recalls him as "just a kid" who didn't show violent tendencies 
A former bus driver remembers him as "a nice kid, very polite"




(CNN) -- Who was Adam Lanza?
He's a 20-year-old Connecticut man, but other than his age, the picture of him is blurry. But details of what law enforcement officials say he did Friday are all too vivid.
That morning, Adam Lanza walked into Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown, Connecticut, dressed in "black battle fatigues and a military vest" and began firing, according to a law enforcement source. By the time he was done, 26 were dead -- 20 of them young students. 
The bloodshed ended when Lanza's own life did. He was found dead in a classroom with two firearms, a Glock and Sig Sauer. Another gun, a .223 Bushmaster, was found nearby in a car.
Comforting survivors: 'Hug them' and 'cry with them'




Shooter described as 'nice kid'





Suspected shooter's brother questioned





How the school shooting unfolded 





Gov. Malloy: Evil visited community today

The massacre left people in the Connecticut community, around the country, around the world asking questions. Who was this man, and why did he do this?
A booklet for Newtown's Bennetts Farm neighborhood indicated that Adam Lanza moved to Connecticut from Kingston, New Hampshire, with his parents and older brother Ryan. He enjoyed soccer, skateboarding and video games, the booklet said.
In September 2009 -- when Adam Lanza was 17 -- his mother and father divorced, court documents show. What happened after that for him isn't clear, except that he lived in the picturesque, 300-year-old Connecticut town.
Authorities hadn't divulged many details about Lanza as of Friday night. He had no known criminal record, a law enforcement official said.
A member of Lanza's family told investigators that he had a form of autism, according to a law enforcement official, who spoke under condition of anonymity due to the sensitive nature of the investigation.
His father, Peter Lanza, remarried and lived not too far from Newtown, an official said. He was questioned by authorities after the shooting. So, too, was 24-year-old brother Ryan Lanza, who was seen being taken away by police from a residence in Hoboken, New Jersey.
Yellow crime tape, meanwhile, surrounded the Newtown home that the gunman shared with his mother Nancy Lanza.
Law enforcement officers from various agencies streamed in and out. And around 3:15 p.m., an ambulance came to the scene and then left the house. A law enforcement officer has said that Nancy Lanza was found dead at the residence.
Slain Connecticut principal just implemented new security system
Neighbors -- who were ordered to evacuate after the shooting -- described their terror and fear, but many had little to say about the Lanza family.
Alex Israel was in the same class at Newtown High School with Adam Lanza, who lived a few houses down from her.
"You could definitely tell he was a genius," Israel told CNN, adding she hadn't talked with him since middle school. "He was really quiet, he kept to himself."
Others in Newtown who knew Adam Lanza said they had no inkling he'd ever be responsible for such horror.
His former bus driver, Marsha Moskowitz, told CNN affiliate WABC that he was "a nice kid, very polite" like his brother.
"It's a shock to even know (the family)," she said. "You can't understand what happened."
A former classmate told CNN affiliate WCBS that Lanza "was just a kid" -- not a troublemaker, not anti-social, not suggesting in any way that he could erupt like this.
"I don't know who would do anything like this," the classmate said, before walking away distraught. "This is unspeakable."
How do we stop the violence?

CNN's Susan Candiotti and Mary Snow reported from Newtown, Connecticut. CNN's Tim Lister, Terry Frieden and John King also contributed to this report. CNN's Greg Botelho wrote this story from Atlanta.




0
Comments »












Print
Email
More sharing


















We recommend



From around the web




























Part of complete coverage on 
Connecticut school shooting


Follow the story live





Watch CNN's LIVE TV coverage of the Connecticut elementary school shooting as the story continues to unfold.



26 dead in elementary school massacre

updated 12:53 PM EST, Sat December 15, 2012




A Connecticut community is working together to discover what happened after a gunman entered an elementary school and shot dead 20 children and six adults before apparently killing himself.



Teacher read to students during shooting

updated 11:49 AM EST, Sat December 15, 2012




The 5-year-olds in Janet Vollmer's kindergarten class heard the noise: Pop. Pop. Pop. 



Comforting survivors: 'Hug them'

updated 11:56 AM EST, Sat December 15, 2012




The sound of gunfire, confusion, a lockdown and then an evacuation. Witnesses, students and parents told frightening stories after the shooting.



What makes schools safer? 

updated 11:36 AM EST, Sat December 15, 2012




Security experts predict what comes next: A strong reaction -- maybe an overreaction -- to school safety. And within months, it'll be back to cuttign security budgets.



Shooting triggers 'mind battle' for Columbine victims

updated 11:39 AM EST, Sat December 15, 2012




When she heard about Friday's mass killing at a Connecticut elementary school, Kacey Johnson felt her own trauma reawaken.



Slain principal worked to keep students safe

updated 11:44 AM EST, Sat December 15, 2012




Principal Dawn Hochsprung, killed in Friday's shooting at her Connecticut elementary school, recently installed a new security system to ensure student safety.



How the school shooting unfolded 

updated 6:47 PM EST, Fri December 14, 2012




CNN's Susan Candiotti reports on how the Connecticut school shooting happened, leaving dozens of people dead. 



Mom: Parents waited; kids didn't come out

updated 7:15 PM EST, Fri December 14, 2012




Family members give their accounts of the school shooting in Newtown, Connecticut.



Timeline: School violence in the U.S.

updated 12:11 PM EST, Fri December 14, 2012




Learn more about school violence in the U.S. with our interactive timeline of incidents of random violence at elementary, middle and high schools since 1927. 



Timeline: Worst mass shootings in U.S.





Click through our interactive timeline to learn more about the worst mass shootings in the United States since World War II.



Impact Your World: How to help





Learn how to help the victims and families affected by the Connecticut school shooting tragedy.



Complete coverage

















NewsPulse

Most popular stories right now


Wal-Mart slashes prices on iPhone and iPad





Sheppard: Malala is face of school attacks





Fiscal cliff indecision leaves paychecks up in the air





Live blog: Children and adults gunned down in Connecticut school massacre





'Why? Why?': 26 dead in school massacre




Explore the news with NewsPulse »





























                     Home | Video | CNN Trends | U.S. | World | Politics | Justice | Entertainment | Tech | Health | Living | Travel | Opinion | iReport | Money | Sports Tools & widgets | RSS | Podcasts | Blogs | CNN mobile | My profile | E-mail alerts | CNN shop | Site map    CNN en ESPAÑOL | CNN Chile | CNN Expansion | العربية | 한국어 | 日本語 | Türkçe CNN TV | HLN | Transcripts |    © 2012 Cable News Network. Turner Broadcasting System, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Terms of service | Privacy guidelines | Ad choices | Advertise with us | About us | Contact us | Work for us | Help             










