A community's quiet moment on a day of 'unthinkable' tragedy - CNN.com

         SET EDITION:  U.S. INTERNATIONAL MÉXICO ARABIC    TV:   CNN CNNi CNN en Español HLN      Sign up Log in                Home TV & Video CNN Trends U.S. World Politics Justice Entertainment Tech Health Living Travel Opinion iReport Money Sports   



















Print
Email
More sharing














A community's quiet moment on a day of 'unthinkable' tragedy



By Dana Ford, CNN
updated 11:46 AM EST, Sat December 15, 2012










People attend a prayer service in Newtown to reflect on December 15.




A mother hugs her children after paying tribute to the victims in Newtown on Saturday, December 15.




Newtown High School student Trevor Lopez stands outside of a church where residents have come to pray and reflect on December 15.




Andrea Jaeger places flowers and a candle at a makeshift memorial outside a firehouse near Sandy Hook Elementary School on December 15.




The U.S. flag flies at half-staff above the White House on December 15.




Ken Kowalsky and his daughter Rebecca, 13, embrace while standing at the end of the road leading to Sandy Hook Elementary School on December 15.




A woman puts a flower near crosses planted by Rio de Paz (Rio of Peace), in memory of the victims of the Sandy Hook Elementary school shooting on Copacabana beach in Rio de Janeiro on December 15.




A woman sits during a service at the Asylum Hill Congregational Church in Hartford, Connecticut on Friday, December 14.




Fans at the NBA game between the Utah Jazz and the Phoenix Suns participate in a moment of silence for the victims of the Newtown shooting on December 14 in Phoenix, Arizona.




An overflow crowd listens to a church service held at the St. Rose of Lima Catholic Church in Newtown on December 14.




People gather for a prayer vigil at St. Rose Church on December 14.




People gather for a vigil outside the White House in Washington following the Connecticut elementary school shooting on December 14.




Candles burn as people gather for a vigil outside the White House on Friday.




Hartford, Connecticut, Mayor Padro Segarra speaks emotionally about the students and teachers who died earlier in the day at Sandy Hook Elementary School in nearby Newtown at a candlelight vigil at Bushnell Park in Hartford on December 14.




Cynthia Alvarez is comforted by her mother, Lilia, as people gather for a prayer vigil at St. Rose of Lima Roman Catholic Church in Newtown.




People gather for a prayer vigil at St. Rose Church in Newtown on December 14.




People gather for a prayer vigil at St Rose Church in Newtown on December 14.




People gather inside the St. Rose Church to remember the shooting victims on December 14.




A woman bows her head during a vigil for the shooting victims on December 14.




People gather in the St. Rose Church during a service on December 14.




Women comfort each other during the vigil at St. Rose Church on December 14.




 A woman looks on during the vigial on December 14.




People hug outside of the Newtown United Methodist Church on December 14, in Newtown, Connecticut, near the site of the shootings at the Sandy Hook Elementary School.




A flag at the U.S. Capitol flies at half-staff after President Barack Obama ordered the action while speaking from the White House. Obama called for "meaningful action" in the wake of the school shooting.




Julie Henson of San Francisco joins other people outside the White House to participate in a candlelight vigil to remember the victims at the Sandy Hook Elementary School shooting in Newtown, Connecticut on December 14, 2012. According to reports, the gunman killed 20 children and six adults.




U.S. President Barack Obama wipes tears as he makes a statement in response to the elementary school shooting in Connecticut on December 14.




Washington resident Rachel Perrone, left, and her 5-year-old son, Joe, center, join others outside the White House in a candlelight vigil on December 14.




Faisal Ali, right, of Colorado Springs, Colorado, joins the vigil outside the White House on December 14.




People gather outside the White House to participate in a candlelight vigil.




Supporters of gun control hold a candlelight vigil for victims of the Sandy Hook Elementary School shooting outside the White House on Decmber 14.




HIDE CAPTION


Newtown school shooting: World reacts
Newtown school shooting: World reacts
Newtown school shooting: World reacts
Newtown school shooting: World reacts
Newtown school shooting: World reacts
Newtown school shooting: World reacts
Newtown school shooting: World reacts
Newtown school shooting: world reacts
Newtown school shooting: world reacts
Newtown school shooting: world reacts
Newtown school shooting: world reacts
Newtown school shooting: world reacts
Newtown school shooting: world reacts
Newtown school shooting: world reacts
Newtown school shooting: world reacts
Newtown school shooting: world reacts
Newtown school shooting: world reacts
Newtown school shooting: world reacts
Newtown school shooting: world reacts
Newtown school shooting: world reacts
Newtown school shooting: world reacts
Newtown school shooting: world reacts
Newtown school shooting: world reacts
Newtown school shooting: world reacts
Newtown school shooting: world reacts
Newtown school shooting: world reacts
Newtown school shooting: world reacts
Newtown school shooting: world reacts
Newtown school shooting: world reacts
Newtown school shooting: world reacts



<<
<





1





2





3





4





5





6





7





8





9





10





11





12





13





14





15





16





17





18





19





20





21





22





23





24





25





26





27





28





29





30


>
>>






STORY HIGHLIGHTS


Residents of Newtown gather for a vigil after a deadly school shooting
20 children were killed at school, along with six adults
"The hearts and prayers of America are with you tonight," says a U.S. senator




Watch CNN's LIVE TV coverage of the Connecticut elementary school shooting as the story continues to unfold.
(CNN) -- They packed the pews to remember, mourn and pray.
What else can you do?
"Peoples' children, brothers and sisters were taken ... Peoples' spouses, those teachers and administrators, were taken from us. Yet we stand in a church, and many of us today, and in the coming days, will rely upon that which we have been taught and that which we inherently believe -- that there is faith for a reason, and that faith itself is God's gift to all of us," said Connecticut Gov. Dannel Malloy.
He spoke late Friday during a vigil at St. Rose of Lima Roman Catholic Church in Newtown.
Earlier in the day, a gunman opened fire at Sandy Hook Elementary School, killing 26 people in what is now the second-deadliest school shooting in U.S. history.
Twenty of the victims were children, most believed to be between the ages of 5-10.
There were more people than seats at the church, so they stood against walls, sat on the floor and waited outside. Some wiped tears as others simply clung to those near them. Candles were set up on a table outside the church.
The mood in service, which included organ and choir music, was somber.
"When the unthinkable happens in our very midst, our faith is tested. Not just in the religious sense, not just necessarily our faith in God, but our faith in community, in who we are and what we collectively are," the governor said.
"And it's ... permissible to have those thoughts and those doubts about who we are and what we are and what community represents. But then we turn to understand, as we turn around this room and recognize our friends and our neighbors," he added. "This is a great and beautiful community, located in a great and beautiful state, in a great and beautiful nation."
Much about what happened Friday in the quiet New England town of Newtown is not yet clear.
The "why" may never be.
Three law enforcement officials have identified the alleged gunman as 20-year-old Adam Lanza. He died of an apparent self-inflicted gunshot wound, one official said.
In addition to the killings at Sandy Hook, another adult was found dead at a second location in Newtown. A law enforcement source with detailed knowledge of the investigation identified that person as Lanza's mother, Nancy.
U.S. Sen. Richard Blumenthal told those in attendance at the vigil that they were sending a powerful message to the nation about community.
He thanked those who brought their children so that they could see "there is good in people."
"The hearts and prayers of America are with you tonight," Blumenthal said.

In Session's Lena Jakobsson contributed to this report from Newtown, Connecticut.




0
Comments »












Print
Email
More sharing


















We recommend



From around the web




























Part of complete coverage on 
Connecticut school shooting


Follow the story live





Watch CNN's LIVE TV coverage of the Connecticut elementary school shooting as the story continues to unfold.



26 dead in elementary school massacre

updated 12:53 PM EST, Sat December 15, 2012




A Connecticut community is working together to discover what happened after a gunman entered an elementary school and shot dead 20 children and six adults before apparently killing himself.



Teacher read to students during shooting

updated 11:49 AM EST, Sat December 15, 2012




The 5-year-olds in Janet Vollmer's kindergarten class heard the noise: Pop. Pop. Pop. 



Comforting survivors: 'Hug them'

updated 11:56 AM EST, Sat December 15, 2012




The sound of gunfire, confusion, a lockdown and then an evacuation. Witnesses, students and parents told frightening stories after the shooting.



What makes schools safer? 

updated 11:36 AM EST, Sat December 15, 2012




Security experts predict what comes next: A strong reaction -- maybe an overreaction -- to school safety. And within months, it'll be back to cuttign security budgets.



Shooting triggers 'mind battle' for Columbine victims

updated 11:39 AM EST, Sat December 15, 2012




When she heard about Friday's mass killing at a Connecticut elementary school, Kacey Johnson felt her own trauma reawaken.



Slain principal worked to keep students safe

updated 11:44 AM EST, Sat December 15, 2012




Principal Dawn Hochsprung, killed in Friday's shooting at her Connecticut elementary school, recently installed a new security system to ensure student safety.



How the school shooting unfolded 

updated 6:47 PM EST, Fri December 14, 2012




CNN's Susan Candiotti reports on how the Connecticut school shooting happened, leaving dozens of people dead. 



Mom: Parents waited; kids didn't come out

updated 7:15 PM EST, Fri December 14, 2012




Family members give their accounts of the school shooting in Newtown, Connecticut.



Timeline: School violence in the U.S.

updated 12:11 PM EST, Fri December 14, 2012




Learn more about school violence in the U.S. with our interactive timeline of incidents of random violence at elementary, middle and high schools since 1927. 



Timeline: Worst mass shootings in U.S.





Click through our interactive timeline to learn more about the worst mass shootings in the United States since World War II.



Impact Your World: How to help





Learn how to help the victims and families affected by the Connecticut school shooting tragedy.



Complete coverage

















NewsPulse

Most popular stories right now


Wal-Mart slashes prices on iPhone and iPad





Sheppard: Malala is face of school attacks





Fiscal cliff indecision leaves paychecks up in the air





Live blog: Children and adults gunned down in Connecticut school massacre





'Why? Why?': 26 dead in school massacre




Explore the news with NewsPulse »





























                     Home | Video | CNN Trends | U.S. | World | Politics | Justice | Entertainment | Tech | Health | Living | Travel | Opinion | iReport | Money | Sports Tools & widgets | RSS | Podcasts | Blogs | CNN mobile | My profile | E-mail alerts | CNN shop | Site map    CNN en ESPAÑOL | CNN Chile | CNN Expansion | العربية | 한국어 | 日本語 | Türkçe CNN TV | HLN | Transcripts |    © 2012 Cable News Network. Turner Broadcasting System, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Terms of service | Privacy guidelines | Ad choices | Advertise with us | About us | Contact us | Work for us | Help             










