Slain Connecticut principal remembered as energetic, positive, passionate - CNN.com

         SET EDITION:  U.S. INTERNATIONAL MÉXICO ARABIC    TV:   CNN CNNi CNN en Español HLN      Sign up Log in                Home TV & Video CNN Trends U.S. World Politics Justice Entertainment Tech Health Living Travel Opinion iReport Money Sports   



















Print
Email
More sharing














Slain Connecticut principal remembered as energetic, positive, passionate



By Michael Martinez, CNN
updated 11:44 AM EST, Sat December 15, 2012












STORY HIGHLIGHTS


NEW: "I never saw her without a smile," a mother at the school says of Dawn Hochsprung
Hochsprung became Sandy Hook Elementary's principal in 2010
She implemented new initiatives and touted news on Twitter
"Little kids know when someone cares about them, and that was her," a friend says




Watch CNN's LIVE TV coverage of the Connecticut elementary school shooting as the story continues to unfold.
(CNN) -- Principal Dawn Lafferty Hochsprung just entered a Ph.D. program. She led a school district's strategic planning panel. She won a national school grant. She could be "a tough lady in the right sort of sense," a friend said.
Among it all, she found time to smile and exuded memorable enthusiasm.
The longtime educator's career seemed to be peaking when she became principal two years ago of Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown, Connecticut, which has 525 pupils from kindergarten to fourth grade.
On Friday, Hochsprung, 47, was fatally shot inside her school in a massacre that killed five other adults and 20 students. The shooter killed himself; his mother was found dead in a Newtown house, said a law enforcement source with detailed knowledge of the investigation.












Police officers keep guard at the entrance to the street leading to the Sandy Hook Elementary School on Saturday, December 15. Twenty-seven people, including the shooter, are dead, including 20 children, after a deadly shooting rampage on Friday.






Connecticut State Police Lt. Paul Vance addresses the press on December 15.






Police officers stand at the entrance to the street leading to the Sandy Hook Elementary School on December 15.






Corinne McLaughlin, a student at the University of Hartford, bows her head during a candlelight vigil at Hartford, Connecticut's Bushnell Park on Friday, December 14, honoring the students and teachers who died at Sandy Hook Elementary School in nearby Newtown earlier in the day.






Distraught people leave the fire station after hearing news of their loved ones from officials on Friday.






Emergency workers stand in front of the Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown.






A child and her mother leave a staging area outside Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown, Connecticut, on December 14. 






Members of the media converge on December 14 in front of an apartment at 1313 Grand Street in Hoboken, New Jersey. The apartment is believed to be connected to the Connecticut elementary school shooting.






Faisal Ali, right, of Colorado Springs, Colorado, joins other people outside the White House on December 14 to participate in a candlelight vigil to remember the victims of the Sandy Hook Elementary School shooting.






Connecticut State Police spokesman Lt. J. Paul Vance, center, briefs the media on the elementary school shootings during a press conference at Treadwell Memorial Park on December 14 in Newtown.






People weep and embrace near Sandy Hook Elementary School on Friday, December 14.






A woman leans on a man as she weeps near Sandy Hook Elementary School on December 14.






President Barack Obama wipes a tear as he speaks about the shooting at Sandy Hook Elementary School during a press briefing at the White House on December 14.






A woman weeps near the site of a shooting at Sandy Hook Elementary School on December 14.






A woman weeps near Sandy Hook Elementary School on December 14.






People comfort each other near Sandy Hook Elementary School on December 14.






A man takes in the scene near Sandy Hook Elementary School on December 14.






A young girl is given a blanket after being evacuated from Sandy Hook Elementary School on December 14.






State police personnel lead children from the school.






Children wait outside Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown, Connecticut, after the shooting.






A boy weeps at Reed Intermediate School after getting news of the shooting at Sandy Hook Elementary School on December 14.






FBI SWAT team members walk along Dickinson Drive near Sandy Hook Elementary School on December 14.






An aerial view of Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown, Connecticut on December 14.






Connecticut State Troopers arrive on the scene outside Sandy Hook Elementary School on December 14.






A Connecticut State Police officer runs with a shotgun at the Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown on December 14.






Police patrol the streets around Sandy Hook Elementary School on December 14.






People try to deal with the shock of the attack outside Sandy Hook Elementary School on December 14.






Connecticut State Police secure the scene of the shooting on December 14.






People embrace outside Sandy Hook Elementary School on December 14.






A man escorts his son away from Sandy Hook Elementary School on December 14.






People take in the news outside Sandy Hook Elementary School on December 14.






People line up to enter Newtown Methodist Church near the the scene of the shooting on December 14.






A woman speaks with a Connecticut state trooper outside Sandy Hook Elementary School on December 14.






The streets around Sandy Hook Elementary are packed with first responders and other vehicles.






A view of the scene at Sandy Hook Elementary School after the shooting.






A young boy is comforted outside Sandy Hook Elementary School on December 14.






People embrace each other on December 14.






Connecticut school shooting
Connecticut school shooting
Connecticut school shooting
Connecticut school shooting
Connecticut school shooting
Connecticut school shooting
Connecticut school shooting
Connecticut school shooting
Connecticut school shooting
Connecticut school shooting
Connecticut school shooting
Connecticut school shooting
Connecticut school shooting
Connecticut school shooting
Connecticut school shooting
Connecticut school shooting
Connecticut school shooting
Connecticut school shooting
Connecticut school shooting
Connecticut school shooting
Connecticut school shooting
Connecticut school shooting
Connecticut school shooting
Connecticut school shooting
Connecticut school shooting
Connecticut school shooting
Connecticut school shooting
Connecticut school shooting
Connecticut school shooting
Connecticut school shooting
Connecticut school shooting
Connecticut school shooting
Connecticut school shooting
Connecticut school shooting
Connecticut school shooting
Connecticut school shooting
Connecticut school shooting
HIDE CAPTION



<<
<





1





2





3





4





5





6





7





8





9





10





11





12





13





14





15





16





17





18





19





20





21





22





23





24





25





26





27





28





29





30





31





32





33





34





35





36





37


>
>>





Photos: Connecticut school shooting








3rd grader describes shooting from class





Mom: Teacher saved son from bullets





Gov. Malloy: Tragedy of unspeakable terms

Hochsprung was an affable but serious leader, recalled Tom Prunty, a friend whose niece goes to Sandy Hook and was uninjured Friday.
Share your tributes
"She was really nice and very fun, but she was also very much a tough lady in the right sort of sense," Prunty said. "She was the kind of person you'd want to be educating your kids. And the kids loved her.
"Even little kids know when someone cares about them, and that was her," he said.
Hochsprung majored in special education for her bachelor's and master's degrees in the 1990s, and she rose through the ranks, working in elementary, middle and high schools in Connecticut's small communities.
The Connecticut Board of Education appointed Hochsprung as Sandy Hook's principal on June 9, 2010. She came to Newtown with 12 years of administrative experience, including as a principal in Regional School District 14 serving the Connecticut communities of Bethlehem and Danbury, the Newtown Bee reported.
At home in Woodbury, Connecticut, Hochsprung was busy raising two daughters and three stepdaughters.
Comforting survivors: 'Hug them' and 'cry with them'
She also dove into her work, quickly asserting her leadership and implementing a number of initiatives affecting the school's nearly 700 students from about 500 families.
One of them was overseeing the installation of a new security system requiring every visitor to ring the front entrance's doorbell after the doors locked at 9:30 a.m. If they were buzzed into the front office, parents would be asked for photo identification.
Hochsprung also volunteered to be co-chairman of a strategic planning commission for the school district, said Scott Clayton, former assistant principal at Newtown High School, who left this year to become a principal in another district.
The commission post is a weighty, important job, said Clayton, who worked with Hochsprung on the panel.
"She was extremely passionate. And she was especially dedicated to and knowledgeable about curriculum," Clayton said. "This was a deep loss for the community."
Last summer, Hochsprung was one of 15 educators accepted into the doctorate program at Esteves School of Education at the Sage Colleges in New York, the college said.
She was the first person from Connecticut accepted into the 27-month program, said Dean Lori V. Quigley.
Massacre leaves many asking, 'Where's God?'
Hochsprung made the biggest impression of the group with her smile and enthusiasm, Quigley said.
"She was truly a caring administrator," Quigley said, adding Hochsprung was proud to represent her school.
In 2011, Hochsprung won a school grant called Sharing the Dream from the National Association of Elementary School Principals. The grant creates global awareness in schools and international learning communities.
She proudly posted notes and photos on her Twitter account about her school's activities.
"Setting up for the Sandy Hook nonfiction book preview for staff ... Common Core, here we come!" she wrote on Thursday, her most recent tweet. A photo depicted several children's books, including "Alligator or Crocodile? How Do You Know?"
Another photo shows a choir of boys and girls dressed in white shirts and black pants or skirts being led by the music teacher. The audience was all students.
How do we stop the violence?
"Sandy Hook students enjoy the rehearsal for our 4th grade winter concert - a talented group led by Maryrose Kristopik!" Hochsprung tweeted Wednesday. Kristopik is listed as music teacher on the school's website.
On her principal's page of the school website, Hochsprung emphasizes the school's "rich history of establishing high expectations and sustaining strong academic performance."
"Our Responsive Classroom approach focuses on the benefits of a climate of kindness and respect where all community members feel accepted, important, and secure," Hochsprung wrote.
In her two years at Sandy Hook, the principal came across as a "very well-liked, compassionate woman" who was "extremely helpful," said Aimee Seaver, a mother of a first grader.
Hochsprung brought positive energy, sincerity and a strong work ethic to the job -- qualities that will be sorely missed, added Seaver.
"I never saw her without a smile," Seaver said. "I believe she had the children's best intentions (in mind) all the time. She was always looking out for them."
Complete coverage on the Connecticut school shooting

CNN's Lisa Desjardins and Kay Jones contributed to this report.




0
Comments »












Print
Email
More sharing


















We recommend



From around the web




























Part of complete coverage on 
Connecticut school shooting


Follow the story live





Watch CNN's LIVE TV coverage of the Connecticut elementary school shooting as the story continues to unfold.



26 dead in elementary school massacre

updated 12:53 PM EST, Sat December 15, 2012




A Connecticut community is working together to discover what happened after a gunman entered an elementary school and shot dead 20 children and six adults before apparently killing himself.



Teacher read to students during shooting

updated 11:49 AM EST, Sat December 15, 2012




The 5-year-olds in Janet Vollmer's kindergarten class heard the noise: Pop. Pop. Pop. 



Comforting survivors: 'Hug them'

updated 11:56 AM EST, Sat December 15, 2012




The sound of gunfire, confusion, a lockdown and then an evacuation. Witnesses, students and parents told frightening stories after the shooting.



What makes schools safer? 

updated 11:36 AM EST, Sat December 15, 2012




Security experts predict what comes next: A strong reaction -- maybe an overreaction -- to school safety. And within months, it'll be back to cuttign security budgets.



Shooting triggers 'mind battle' for Columbine victims

updated 11:39 AM EST, Sat December 15, 2012




When she heard about Friday's mass killing at a Connecticut elementary school, Kacey Johnson felt her own trauma reawaken.



Slain principal worked to keep students safe

updated 11:44 AM EST, Sat December 15, 2012




Principal Dawn Hochsprung, killed in Friday's shooting at her Connecticut elementary school, recently installed a new security system to ensure student safety.



How the school shooting unfolded 

updated 6:47 PM EST, Fri December 14, 2012




CNN's Susan Candiotti reports on how the Connecticut school shooting happened, leaving dozens of people dead. 



Mom: Parents waited; kids didn't come out

updated 7:15 PM EST, Fri December 14, 2012




Family members give their accounts of the school shooting in Newtown, Connecticut.



Timeline: School violence in the U.S.

updated 12:11 PM EST, Fri December 14, 2012




Learn more about school violence in the U.S. with our interactive timeline of incidents of random violence at elementary, middle and high schools since 1927. 



Timeline: Worst mass shootings in U.S.





Click through our interactive timeline to learn more about the worst mass shootings in the United States since World War II.



Impact Your World: How to help





Learn how to help the victims and families affected by the Connecticut school shooting tragedy.



Complete coverage

















NewsPulse

Most popular stories right now


Wal-Mart slashes prices on iPhone and iPad





Sheppard: Malala is face of school attacks





Fiscal cliff indecision leaves paychecks up in the air





Live blog: Children and adults gunned down in Connecticut school massacre





'Why? Why?': 26 dead in school massacre




Explore the news with NewsPulse »





























                     Home | Video | CNN Trends | U.S. | World | Politics | Justice | Entertainment | Tech | Health | Living | Travel | Opinion | iReport | Money | Sports Tools & widgets | RSS | Podcasts | Blogs | CNN mobile | My profile | E-mail alerts | CNN shop | Site map    CNN en ESPAÑOL | CNN Chile | CNN Expansion | العربية | 한국어 | 日本語 | Türkçe CNN TV | HLN | Transcripts |    © 2012 Cable News Network. Turner Broadcasting System, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Terms of service | Privacy guidelines | Ad choices | Advertise with us | About us | Contact us | Work for us | Help             










