Adam Lanza Described as Someone Who Was Unknowable - Businessweek





Bloomberg Businessweek


Go To Businessweek.com














Sign in with Facebook






Or use your Businessweek account


Email

Password
Forgot  password?


Remember me




Already a Bloomberg.com user?

Sign in with the same account.

Don't have an account?
Sign up.


Help! I can't access my account.





This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies.
X







Bloomberg Businessweek

News From Bloomberg



















Global Economics


Companies & Industries


Politics & Policy


Technology


Markets & Finance


Innovation


Lifestyle


Business Schools


Small Business


Video & Multimedia
















A woman holds a child as people line up to enter the Newtown Methodist Church near the the scene of an elementary school shooting on in Newtown, Connecticut. Photographer: Douglas Healey/Getty Images

Bloomberg News
Adam Lanza Described as Someone Who Was Unknowable



By  Elise Young, Michelle Jamrisko and Carter Dougherty on December 15, 2012



Tweet


Facebook


LinkedIn


Google Plus


Comments


Email


Print





Related


Video
Obama Seeks Meaningful Action After School Shooting


Video
Obama, Malloy, Falkenrath's Own Words on Shooting




More from Businessweek


This Holiday Season, Shop by Voice From Your Smartphone


Portland Bike Maker Sees Made-in-USA Demand from Overseas


Risking Retirement on Selling the Business


Mortal Kombat: Office Edition Hits the Heartland


International Data Roaming Is Broken. Can MVNOs Fix It?














In his Newtown, Connecticut, neighborhood, a woodsy hillside development where dog owners walk together and friends gather for sunsets, 20-year-old Adam Lanza stood apart.  “He wasn’t the most social kid,” said Jim McDade, a homeowner on Yogananda Street, where Nancy Lanza, his neighbor and Adam’s mother, was found dead Dec. 14.  Lanza, after shooting his mother, went on to Sandy Hook Elementary, where he committed the second-worst mass shooting in U.S. history, taking the lives of 20 children, six adults and himself, according to law-enforcement officials.  Little is known of the killer, seen in a picture shown by NBC News staring wide-eyed into a camera beneath brown bangs. He left few traces on the social media ubiquitous among his age group. Acquaintances described him as unknowable.  Related Stories: 

Police Gather Evidence as Bodies Taken From School 
Gun-Control Advocates Press Obama
View: A Tragedy, but No Surprise, in Connecticut
How to Break NRA Grip on Politics: Michael R. Bloomberg
Slideshow: Mass Shooting at Connecticut School
Lanza couldn’t socialize typically from the time he was young, said Louise Tambascio, owner of My Place, a Newtown pizza restaurant, and a friend of Nancy Lanza’s for 12 years, in an interview.  He had Asperger’s syndrome, she said, a developmental disability that is a form of autism.  She said he was “very smart” and had a high intelligence quotient.  Feeling Numb  Police initially said the suspect was Adam’s older brother, Ryan Lanza, a resident of Hoboken, New Jersey. The Tambascio family wasn’t fooled.  “We knew it was Adam, because we knew his condition,” Mark Tambascio, Louise’s son, said. Adam “couldn’t deal with regular people,” he said. “He was kind of a sociopath in a way.”  McDade, who said his daughter was a year or two behind Adam Lanza, described Adam as quiet and reserved.  “I’m just numb,” he said.  Lanza was “different” and “definitely a challenge,” his aunt, Marsha Lanza of Crystal Lake, Illinois, said in an interview aired on MSNBC. She didn’t elaborate. She also called him a “nice kid” who had had no brushes with the law.  MSNBC also reported that Nancy Lanza was the owner of the weapons her son used. Authorities were tracing guns found at the mother’s home and the school, said Ginger Colbrun, spokeswoman for the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives.  Nancy J. Lanza and Peter J. Lanza were divorced in 2009, court records show.  GE Executive  AP identified Peter Lanza as a tax director and vice president for GE Energy Financial Services. A December 7, 2010, obituary on EagleTribune.com for Peter S. Lanza of Plaistow, New Hampshire, listed survivors including Peter J. Lanza and his wife, Shelley Cudiner.  Reporters gathered yesterday outside the couple’s home on Bartina Lane in Stamford, Connecticut, about 40 miles (64 kilometers) northeast of Manhattan and an hour’s drive from Newtown. A police officer stepped from a patrol car and yelled, “Get off the property!” when a reporter approached.  In Newtown, the Yogananda Street home of the Lanzas was cordoned off yesterday.  Ralph Strocchia, 17, who lives about a quarter-mile from there, recalled Adam Lanza as a high-school senior riding the school bus when Strocchia was in his first year. The popular kids sat in the rear, Strocchia said, and Lanza wasn’t among them.  ’Didn’t Talk’  “He didn’t talk,” Strocchia said in an interview. He said he had discussed the killings with friends, concluding: “Nobody knew him well.”  Catherine Urso, a Newtown resident and piano teacher, said her son Nicholas went to Newtown High School with Adam Lanza. She said she used to see Adam dressed in a style favored by Goths, a subculture drawn to wearing all black and to music inspired by decay and despair.  Nick Germak lives about two blocks from the Lanzas in a hillside neighborhood with about 200 two-story family homes. Germak’s house is near the top of the hill, and neighbors gather out front to watch the sunset. On weekends, families walk dogs together, he said in an interview yesterday.  “We moved to this remote town in New England, and never expected this to happen,” Germak said.  Ryan Lanza, 24, was questioned by authorities in Hoboken, according to a law enforcement official who asked for anonymity because of the continuing investigation.  No Contact  Ryan Lanza told officers he hadn’t been in touch with his brother since about 2010, AP said.  No one answered the door yesterday at Ryan Lanza’s apartment on Grand Street. A friend of 18 months, Katie Colaneri, 24, of Hoboken, a reporter for Newark, New Jersey, radio station WBGO, said they often saw one another at parties and get-togethers.  “I remember Ryan telling me that his brother Adam had some troubles, some personality issues,” Colaneri said by phone.  Ryan Lanza is a four-year employee of Ernst & Young LLP in Manhattan’s Times Square, working on tax issues, ABC News reported. Company spokeswoman Amy Call Well confirmed by phone that Lanza is an employee.  People with Asperger’s syndrome have difficulty with social, emotional, and communication skills, as well as unusual behaviors and interests, according to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control.  “It is imperative that as we mourn the victims of this horrific tragedy that commentators and the media avoid drawing inappropriate and unfounded links between autism or other disabilities and violence,” the Autistic Self Advocacy Network said in a statement.  To contact the reporters on this story: Elise Young in Trenton at eyoung30@bloomberg.net; Michelle Jamrisko in Newtown at mjamrisko@bloomberg.net; Carter Dougherty in Newtown at cdougherty6@bloomberg.net  To contact the editor responsible for this story: Stephen Merelman at smerelman@bloomberg.net 





Tweet


Facebook


LinkedIn


Google Plus


Comments


Email


Print






















Last Update 03:15 pm

Most Popular




Read




Shared




Discussed







The Worst CEOs of 2012


Craft Brewers Threatened by Big Beer Brands


Malaysia: IPOs' New Hot Spot


Portland Bike Maker Sees Made-in-USA Demand from Overseas


After Connecticut: Guns, Gun Control, and Gun Culture


Global Banking: Regulations Force a Retreat


BBVA: Philippines Will Be the Star of the 2013


For Fracking, It's Getting Easier Being Green







The Worst CEOs of 2012


Craft Brewers Threatened by Big Beer Brands


After Connecticut: Guns, Gun Control, and Gun Culture


Job Recruiters Turn to LinkedIn, Social Media Startups


BBVA: Philippines Will Be the Star of the 2013


Portland Bike Maker Sees Made-in-USA Demand from Overseas


Hailing Taxis via Smartphone Comes to New York City







Connecticut Shooting Leaves 27 Dead, Including Pupils:AP


Holder Says Administration Will Announce Marijuana Policy Soon


Arizona Sheriff Joe Arpaio Must Defend U.S. Suit, Judge Says













Ads by Google




















Elsewhere on Businessweek.com


Fix This/City Planning


Job Recruiters Turn to LinkedIn, Social Media Startups


The Future of Film Is Here and It's Very, Very Fast


John Sculley: Seeing Steve Jobs Everywhere


George Yu's Node Gadget Can Measure Anything


The Ironman: Triathlete Executives' Ultimate Status Feat


EA's Moore Says Mobile Gaming Future of Industry


The Pope on Twitter: New Tool, Same Old Message


Move Your Startup to St. Louis, Get $50,000


Raytheon's Missiles Are Now Made by Robots


The Holiday Gift Guide


CEO Guide to Virtual Offices






Social


Follow us on Twitter


Join us on Facebook


Connect with us on LinkedIn


Subscribe to Bloomberg Businessweek


Bloomberg




Links

Our Company
Advertising
Careers
Feedback
Custom Publishing
Manage Subscription


Mobile
Newsletters
Privacy Policy
Reprints & Permissions
Sitemap
Terms of Use
[+] Rate This Page



Get Businessweek Delivered




Walmart vs. Walmart

Subscribe



©2012 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved. Made in NYC

Ad Choices






























blog comments powered by

Disqus





















