Connecticut school shooting: the troubled life of Sandy Hook killer Adam Lanza  - Telegraph
























Accessibility links

Skip to article
Skip to navigation





Advertisement








Telegraph.co.uk














		Sunday 16 December 2012














Home
News
World
Sport
Finance
Comment
Blogs
Culture
Travel
Life
Fashion
Tech




Dating


Offers


Jobs








USA
Asia
China
Europe
Middle East
Australasia
Africa
South America
Central Asia




Home»
News»
World News»
North America»
USA









Connecticut school shooting: the troubled life of Sandy Hook killer Adam Lanza 
The boy who would grow up to be America's deadliest school gunman stood out sharply during his own days in the classroom. 








 Adam Lanza, third from the right, posing for a group photo of the technology club which appeared in the Newtown High School yearbook Photo: AP









 



							By 
											Jon Swaine, Newtown, Connecticut, and Raf Sanchez in Washington

8:17PM GMT 16 Dec 2012
 



Adam Lanza, who was 20, is believed by investigators to have attended Sandy 
  Hook Elementary, the site of his massacre on Friday, before being removed 
  and partially home-schooled by his mother.


The decision to take him out of class was one of many taken by his affluent 
  parents as they struggled to find ways to support their troubled son.


Following their divorce, Lanza lived at his mother's colonial-style mansion, 
  where he had two of the house's four bedrooms – one for himself and the 
  other for the computer where he played violent video games.


Friends recalled an intensely shy but highly intelligent classmate, who wore 
  oversized formal shirts with pens in their top pockets while others chose 
  the youthful casual-wear typical of US schools.


"He was very thin, very remote and was one of the goths," Catherine 
  Urso, the mother of one of Lanza's classmates, told reporters, referring to 
  the "gothic" subculture centring on dark rock music.

Related Articles



Democrats promise bill to ban assault weapons

16 Dec 2012



Police hit out at social media 'misinformation'

16 Dec 2012



John Kerry closer to secretary of state nomination

16 Dec 2012





Another parent recalled a description from Lanza's older brother, Ryan: "My 
  brother has always been a nerd," he said, adding that he "still 
  wears a pocket protector", a sheath to guard against pen leaks.


What little social interaction he had came mainly from members of the "tech 
  club" at Newtown High School, a group that met to play computer games 
  together. 


Even among the club's members, many of whom were seeking refuge from the 
  difficulties of adolescence, he stuck out for his awkwardness. A group photo 
  shows him pale and ghostlike while the others smile at the camera.


Despite his interest in computers, he left almost no digital footprint and, 
  unlike almost every other American his age, appears not to have had a 
  Facebook account.


In the school halls he stuck out for the black briefcase he carried amid a sea 
  of colourful rucksacks. "Adam Lanza has been a weird kid since we were 
  five years old," Tim Dalton, a former classmate, wrote on Twitter.


Ryan Lanza is reported to have told investigators that his brother had been 
  diagnosed with Asperger's syndrome, a disorder linked to autism whose 
  sufferers struggle with social interaction. However medical experts have 
  stressed it does not explain his violence.


One friend even claimed that he had a condition that meant he barely felt 
  pain. "When he was on the baseball team, everyone had to be careful 
  that he didn't fall because he could get hurt and not feel it," the 
  friend told reporters.


Records show that Lanza achieved a high-school level of education but does not 
  appear to have gone on to university or to have ever held a job.


Her son's difficulties were always at the forefront of Nancy Lanza's mind, 
  even as she appeared to neighbours to be a bright and lively woman 
  interested in gardening and dice games.


Marsha Lanza, her sister-in-law, said Mrs Lanza "battled with the school 
  district" as she fought to make sure Lanza was getting the support he 
  needed.


She taught Lanza how to shoot and would speak freely of the gun collection 
  that he would eventually use to devastating effect.


The 52-year-old was found dead in bed five miles away from Sandy Hook school 
  after police arrived to investigate the gunman's home. She had been shot in 
  the head by her younger son.


Mrs Lanza described as a "survivalist" by a relative is believed to 
  have owned at least five firearms, including the powerful rifle used by 
  Lanza in his assault on the school and several handguns.


Friends told reporters that she was likeable but highly-strung, and had seemed 
  anxious about coping with Lanza's developmental problems.


A slim woman with blonde hair, she was a registered Republican who enjoyed "ladies' 
  night" at friends' homes but never hosted the evenings at her own, 
  friends said.


She was frequently seen at My Place, a local bar, where she enjoyed drinking 
  craft beers and discussed her love of guns. 


A friend, Jim Leff, recounted on his blog that when she overheard him 
  negotiating a loan with a friend who needed money, she promptly wrote him a 
  cheque. He said he had thought she was "high-strung".


"I understand that it wasn't that Nancy was overwrought about the 
  trivialities of everyday life, but that she was handling a very difficult 
  situation with uncommon grace," he wrote.


A landscaper who worked on the garden of Mrs Lanza's sprawling home said she 
  always emerged from a side door after he rang the front doorbell, and never 
  let him come inside.


Her brother James Champion, a police officer in New Hampshire, said in a 
  statement: "We reach out to the community of Newtown to express our 
  heartfelt sorrow for the incomprehensible loss of innocence that has 
  affected so many."


Mrs Lanza was already dead by the time American television networks began 
  incorrectly to identify her elder son, Ryan, as the gunman responsible for 
  the killing.


The 24-year-old was in fact 80 miles away in Manhattan, when he saw news of 
  the killings flash across the office television. He told colleagues at Ernst & 
  Young, the accountancy firm, that he needed to leave.


Friends, who described him as a kind and gentle young man, were already 
  baffled. "I couldn't imagine Ryan doing such a thing," said Marsha 
  Lanza, his aunt, who saw the early reports. "He has it together." 


Making his way back to his flat in Hoboken, in neighbouring New Jersey, Ryan 
  Lanza took to Facebook to protest his innocence. "It wasn't me I was at 
  work it wasn't me," he wrote.


Soon 14,000 messages appeared on his page, many accusing him of the killings. 
  Then, a tabloid confirmed police had named the wrong brother, possibly 
  because Adam Lanza was carrying Ryan Lanza's identification.


Nonetheless, burly New Jersey police officers soon led the small, bespectacled 
  brother away from his home in handcuffs, in front of television cameras.


He spent the next several hours talking to the FBI, reportedly describing 
  Lanza's learning disabilities and how he had not seen his brother since 
  2010. Authorities described him as "extremely co-operative" and 
  said he was not being treated as a suspect.


Ryan Lanza appeared to have had the relatively normal life of a young 
  professional. He joined Ernst & Young after graduating from Quinnipiac 
  University in Connecticut.


Despite not seeing his brother, he apparently remained close to his mother. 
  His Facebook page showed he had recently been in Newtown, and he reportedly 
  travelled to New Orleans with her for a concert.


Unlike his son Ryan Lanza, Peter Lanza apparently made no connection between 
  the news on television and his own family and so was surprised to see a 
  woman lingering on his front step when he arrived home from work in his Mini 
  Cooper.


Rolling down his window, the reporter explained she was there because his son 
  was suspected of massacring a class of children. His face twisted from "patient, 
  to surprise, to horror," she said.


Mr Lanza, 54, has since been trying to answer the unanswerable: how his son, 
  whom he raised in the comfort and affluence of leafy New England, could 
  commit such a crime.


"We are in a state of disbelief and trying to find whatever answers we 
  can," the corporate tax executive said in a statement. "We, too, 
  are asking why." Mr and Mrs Lanza married in 1981 in their native New 
  Hampshire, where their sons were born in 1988 and 1992. They moved to 
  Connecticut in 1998. Mr Lanza joined General Electric and is believed to be 
  paid about $1 million (£600,000) a year.


Though their marriage broke down in 2008, the couple were united in their 
  determination to care for Adam Lanza, their troubled younger son.


Mr Lanza agreed to pay around $250,000 (£150,000) a year in child maintenance 
  payments – more than his lawyers advised – in return for joint custody of 
  Lanza and generous visiting rights.


The Republican businessman, who was described as a decent man by colleagues, 
  moved an hour's drive away to Stamford, where he married Shelley Cudiner, a 
  librarian at the University of Connecticut.


"Our family is grieving along with all those who have been affected by 
  this enormous tragedy," he said. "No words can truly express how 
  heartbroken we are." 










 








USA





News »


World News »


North America »


Jon Swaine »


Raf Sanchez »








Related Partners




Save money on overseas transfers





In USA




 


Connecticut shooting







 


Connecticut school shooting: the aftermath in pictures







 


Golden Globe nominations







 


Aerial footage of scene of shooting







 


Superstorm Sandy Concert











 









Advertisement





















Advertisement








Latest Travel Deals  »






Advertisement









Latest Job Vacancies









News Most Viewed






TODAY




PAST WEEK




PAST MONTH








Connecticut school shooting: troubled life of Adam Lanza, a fiercely intelligent killer
Connecticut Sandy Hook school shooting: latest
Teachers sacrificed themselves to save their pupils
Connecticut school shooting: Dec 15 as it happened
Duchess of Cambridge discovers blue blood in her own family




Duchess of Cambridge suffers setback in recovery from severe pregnancy sickness
Mayan apocalypse: panic spreads as December 21 nears
Connecticut school shooting: Dec 15 as it happened
'Vulture spying for Israel' caught in Sudan
Teachers sacrificed themselves to save their pupils




Mayan apocalypse: panic spreads as December 21 nears
Duchess of Cambridge suffers setback in recovery from severe pregnancy sickness
Prince Charles: 'I'm running out of time'
Barack Obama blunders again on the world stage
Belgian discovers his wife used to be a man after 19 years








Advertisement









More from The Telegraph









            Loading
        
































MORE FROM TELEGRAPH.CO.UK







 
				Canon



 




						Trivia game: name the famous landmarks



						View







 
				Telegraph Shop



 




						Get the top 10 gift ideas for this Christmas from Telegraph Shop



						View







 
				Telegraph Books



 




						Our collection of the greatest obits ever, edited by Harry de Quetteville



						View







 
				LifeBook



 




						Give someone a unique and thoughtful gift this Christmas



						View











Back to top




HOME
News
UK News
Politics

Long Reads

Wikileaks
Jobs

 
World News
Europe
USA
China

Royal Family News

Celebrity news
Dating

 
Finance
Education
Defence
Health

Weird News

Editor's Choice
Financial Services

 
Pictures
Video
Matt
Alex

Comment

Blogs
Crossword

 
Contact Us
Privacy and Cookies
Advertising
Fantasy Football

Tickets


Announcements
Reader Prints






Follow Us
Apps
Epaper
Expat


Promotions
Subscriber
Syndication



 

© Copyright of Telegraph Media Group Limited 2012
Terms and Conditions 
Today's News
Archive
Style Book
Weather Forecast


 






























