Police: 20 children among 26 victims of Connecticut school shooting - CNN.com

         SET EDITION:  U.S. INTERNATIONAL MÉXICO ARABIC    TV:   CNN CNNi CNN en Español HLN      Sign up Log in                Home TV & Video CNN Trends U.S. World Politics Justice Entertainment Tech Health Living Travel Opinion iReport Money Sports   



















Print
Email
More sharing














Police: 20 children among 26 victims of Connecticut school shooting



By Susan Candiotti and Sarah Aarthun, CNN
updated 12:19 AM EST, Sat December 15, 2012












STORY HIGHLIGHTS


Suspect was wearing black fatigues and a military vest
Law enforcement officials identify him as 20-year-old Adam Lanza
His mother was found dead at a Newtown residence
The nation and the world react with shock 




Watch CNN's LIVE TV coverage of the Connecticut elementary school shooting as the story continues to unfold.
Newtown, Connecticut (CNN) -- Dressed in black fatigues and a military vest, a heavily armed man walked into a Connecticut elementary school Friday and opened fire, shattering the quiet of this southern New England town and leaving the nation reeling at the number of young lives lost.
Within minutes, 26 people were dead at Sandy Hook Elementary School -- 20 of them children. Among the six adults killed were Dawn Hochsprung, the school's beloved principal, and school psychologist Mary Sherlach.
The shooter, identified by three law enforcement officials as 20-year-old Adam Lanza, also was killed, apparently by his own hand. Separately, his mother's body was found at a Newtown residence.
"Stuff like this does not happen in Newtown," a tight-knit community of about 27,000 just outside Danbury, said Renee Burn, a local teacher at another school in town. In the past 10 years, only one homicide had previously been reported.












Police officers keep guard at the entrance to the street leading to the Sandy Hook Elementary School on Saturday, December 15. Twenty-seven people, including the shooter, are dead, including 20 children, after a deadly shooting rampage on Friday.






Connecticut State Police Lt. Paul Vance addresses the press on December 15.






Police officers stand at the entrance to the street leading to the Sandy Hook Elementary School on December 15.






Corinne McLaughlin, a student at the University of Hartford, bows her head during a candlelight vigil at Hartford, Connecticut's Bushnell Park on Friday, December 14, honoring the students and teachers who died at Sandy Hook Elementary School in nearby Newtown earlier in the day.






Distraught people leave the fire station after hearing news of their loved ones from officials on Friday.






Emergency workers stand in front of the Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown.






A child and her mother leave a staging area outside Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown, Connecticut, on December 14. 






Members of the media converge on December 14 in front of an apartment at 1313 Grand Street in Hoboken, New Jersey. The apartment is believed to be connected to the Connecticut elementary school shooting.






Faisal Ali, right, of Colorado Springs, Colorado, joins other people outside the White House on December 14 to participate in a candlelight vigil to remember the victims of the Sandy Hook Elementary School shooting.






Connecticut State Police spokesman Lt. J. Paul Vance, center, briefs the media on the elementary school shootings during a press conference at Treadwell Memorial Park on December 14 in Newtown.






People weep and embrace near Sandy Hook Elementary School on Friday, December 14.






A woman leans on a man as she weeps near Sandy Hook Elementary School on December 14.






President Barack Obama wipes a tear as he speaks about the shooting at Sandy Hook Elementary School during a press briefing at the White House on December 14.






A woman weeps near the site of a shooting at Sandy Hook Elementary School on December 14.






A woman weeps near Sandy Hook Elementary School on December 14.






People comfort each other near Sandy Hook Elementary School on December 14.






A man takes in the scene near Sandy Hook Elementary School on December 14.






A young girl is given a blanket after being evacuated from Sandy Hook Elementary School on December 14.






State police personnel lead children from the school.






Children wait outside Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown, Connecticut, after the shooting.






A boy weeps at Reed Intermediate School after getting news of the shooting at Sandy Hook Elementary School on December 14.






FBI SWAT team members walk along Dickinson Drive near Sandy Hook Elementary School on December 14.






An aerial view of Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown, Connecticut on December 14.






Connecticut State Troopers arrive on the scene outside Sandy Hook Elementary School on December 14.






A Connecticut State Police officer runs with a shotgun at the Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown on December 14.






Police patrol the streets around Sandy Hook Elementary School on December 14.






People try to deal with the shock of the attack outside Sandy Hook Elementary School on December 14.






Connecticut State Police secure the scene of the shooting on December 14.






People embrace outside Sandy Hook Elementary School on December 14.






A man escorts his son away from Sandy Hook Elementary School on December 14.






People take in the news outside Sandy Hook Elementary School on December 14.






People line up to enter Newtown Methodist Church near the the scene of the shooting on December 14.






A woman speaks with a Connecticut state trooper outside Sandy Hook Elementary School on December 14.






The streets around Sandy Hook Elementary are packed with first responders and other vehicles.






A view of the scene at Sandy Hook Elementary School after the shooting.






A young boy is comforted outside Sandy Hook Elementary School on December 14.






People embrace each other on December 14.






Connecticut school shooting
Connecticut school shooting
Connecticut school shooting
Connecticut school shooting
Connecticut school shooting
Connecticut school shooting
Connecticut school shooting
Connecticut school shooting
Connecticut school shooting
Connecticut school shooting
Connecticut school shooting
Connecticut school shooting
Connecticut school shooting
Connecticut school shooting
Connecticut school shooting
Connecticut school shooting
Connecticut school shooting
Connecticut school shooting
Connecticut school shooting
Connecticut school shooting
Connecticut school shooting
Connecticut school shooting
Connecticut school shooting
Connecticut school shooting
Connecticut school shooting
Connecticut school shooting
Connecticut school shooting
Connecticut school shooting
Connecticut school shooting
Connecticut school shooting
Connecticut school shooting
Connecticut school shooting
Connecticut school shooting
Connecticut school shooting
Connecticut school shooting
Connecticut school shooting
Connecticut school shooting
HIDE CAPTION



<<
<





1





2





3





4





5





6





7





8





9





10





11





12





13





14





15





16





17





18





19





20





21





22





23





24





25





26





27





28





29





30





31





32





33





34





35





36





37


>
>>





Photos: Connecticut school shooting








Suspected shooter's brother questioned





How the school shooting unfolded 





Student: I saw bullets going past 

With the death toll at 26, the Newtown shooting is the second-deadliest school shooting in U.S. history, behind only the 2007 shooting at Virginia Tech that left 32 people dead.
"Evil visited this community today," Connecticut Gov. Dan Malloy said of Friday's massacre.
How do we stop the violence?
Young students described being ushered into bathrooms and closets by teachers as the first shots rang out. Janet Vollmer, a kindergarten teacher, locked her classroom doors, covered the windows and read a story to her 19 students to keep them calm.
Third-grader Alexis Wasik said police and teachers barged into her classroom and told students to hide in the corner.
"Everybody was crying," she said. "And I just heard the police officers yelling."
One parent who was in the school at the time of the shooting said she heard a "pop, pop, pop," sound around 9:30 a.m. In the room with her were Hochsprung, the vice principal and Sherlach. All three left the room and went into the hall to see what was happening. The parent ducked under the table and called 911.
"I cowered," she told CNN's Meredith Artley. The shooter "must have shot a hundred rounds."
Responding police officers helped evacuate the children, telling them to hold hands and keep their eyes closed to the carnage as they exited the building.
'I hope my mom is ok': Tweets from the shooting
As reports of the shooting surfaced, frantic parents descended on a nearby firehouse where the children had been taken.
"Why? Why?" one woman wailed as she walked up a wooded roadway leading from the school.
'It doesn't seem possible'
Police declined to speculate on a motive Friday evening, citing the ongoing investigation. Lanza had no known criminal record, a law enforcement official said.
Alex Israel, a former classmate of Lanza's, described him as "quiet" and "reserved."
"You could definitely tell he was a genius," Israel told CNN, adding she hadn't talked with him since middle school. "He was really quiet, he kept to himself."
Three weapons were recovered from the school: a semi-automatic .223 Bushmaster found in a car in the school parking lot, and a Glock and a Sig Sauer found with Lanza's body, a law enforcement official familiar with the investigation said. The weapons were legally purchased by Lanza's mother, the official said.
The official said Lanza died of an apparent self-inflicted gunshot wound. Lt. J. Paul Vance of the Connecticut State Police said that the medical examiner will determine the cause of death for the gunman, though he noted that police never discharged their weapons.
In addition to the killings at Sandy Hook, another adult was found dead at a second location in Newtown, Vance said. A law enforcement source with detailed knowledge of the investigation identified that person as Lanza's mother, Nancy.
Despite earlier reports that said she was a teacher, Nancy Lanza was not a teacher at the school where the killings took place, said Janet Vollmer, a kindergarten teacher at Sandy Hook Elementary School.
Meanwhile, authorities in Hoboken, New Jersey, were questioning Ryan Lanza, the suspect's older brother, law enforcement sources said, though they did not label him a suspect. Lanza's father, who lives in Connecticut, was similarly questioned, one of the law enforcement officials said.
Earlier, investigators had identified Ryan Lanza as the shooter. It was not clear what caused the confusion among investigators.
The fact that so many of those killed were young children -- Sandy Hook serves students in kindergarten through fourth grade -- touched a nerve across the world Friday, from U.S. President Barack Obama and other world leaders expressing grief to regular folks reacting with horror on social media as the news unfolded. The overwhelming sentiment: Hug your kids closely.
Obama, a father of two girls, wiped away tears while delivering a statement about the shooting, saying, "Our hearts are broken today."
"The majority of those who died today were children. Beautiful little kids between the ages of 5 and 10 years old," he said.
The bodies of the young victims remained where they fell Friday night, as authorities worked to positively identify them.
Flags were ordered to fly at half-staff nationwide in tribute to the victims, and candlelight vigils were planned across the country as Americans came together to try to comprehend the tragedy.
At a vigil in Newtown, just a mile away from the school, mourners spilled from St. Rose of Lima Roman Catholic Church, which was filled to capacity.
"This is most definitely the worst thing we've experienced in town," Newtown Police Lt. George Sinko said.
Parents, meanwhile, struggled to come up with answers for their children who were among those safely evacuated Friday.
Aimee Seaver's daughter is a first-grader at Sandy Hook.
"It's a very rough night here," she told "AC 360." "When your first-grader goes to bed and says, 'Mommy, is anyone from my class last year -- are they all OK?' and you look at them and say, 'I'm not really sure,' it's a rough night to tell that to your 7-year-old."
It is not yet known how the gunman entered the school.
Slain principal worked to keep students safe
Hochsprung, the slain principal, had recently installed a new security system to ensure student safety.
Under the new system, every visitor was required to ring a doorbell at the front entrance after the doors locked at 9:30 a.m. and report to the main office to sign in.
Police began receiving reports of shots fired around 9:40 a.m. Friday.
In 1999, at Columbine High School in Littleton, Colorado, two students shot 13 people to death before killing themselves.
Complete coverage of the Connecticut school shooting
People across the world are sharing their concern and sadness over the Newtown school shooting. What are your thoughts? Share them with CNN iReport. 

CNN's Susan Candiotti reported from Newtown, Connecticut; Sarah Aarthun from Atlanta. CNN's Michael Pearson, Meredith Artley, John King, David Ariosto, Ashleigh Banfield, Joe Johns, Terry Frieden, Michael Martinez, Dana Ford and Greg Botelho contributed to this report.




0
Comments »












Print
Email
More sharing


















We recommend



From around the web




























Part of complete coverage on 
Connecticut school shooting


Follow the story live





Watch CNN's LIVE TV coverage of the Connecticut elementary school shooting as the story continues to unfold.



26 dead in elementary school massacre

updated 12:53 PM EST, Sat December 15, 2012




A Connecticut community is working together to discover what happened after a gunman entered an elementary school and shot dead 20 children and six adults before apparently killing himself.



Teacher read to students during shooting

updated 11:49 AM EST, Sat December 15, 2012




The 5-year-olds in Janet Vollmer's kindergarten class heard the noise: Pop. Pop. Pop. 



Comforting survivors: 'Hug them'

updated 11:56 AM EST, Sat December 15, 2012




The sound of gunfire, confusion, a lockdown and then an evacuation. Witnesses, students and parents told frightening stories after the shooting.



What makes schools safer? 

updated 11:36 AM EST, Sat December 15, 2012




Security experts predict what comes next: A strong reaction -- maybe an overreaction -- to school safety. And within months, it'll be back to cuttign security budgets.



Shooting triggers 'mind battle' for Columbine victims

updated 11:39 AM EST, Sat December 15, 2012




When she heard about Friday's mass killing at a Connecticut elementary school, Kacey Johnson felt her own trauma reawaken.



Slain principal worked to keep students safe

updated 11:44 AM EST, Sat December 15, 2012




Principal Dawn Hochsprung, killed in Friday's shooting at her Connecticut elementary school, recently installed a new security system to ensure student safety.



How the school shooting unfolded 

updated 6:47 PM EST, Fri December 14, 2012




CNN's Susan Candiotti reports on how the Connecticut school shooting happened, leaving dozens of people dead. 



Mom: Parents waited; kids didn't come out

updated 7:15 PM EST, Fri December 14, 2012




Family members give their accounts of the school shooting in Newtown, Connecticut.



Timeline: School violence in the U.S.

updated 12:11 PM EST, Fri December 14, 2012




Learn more about school violence in the U.S. with our interactive timeline of incidents of random violence at elementary, middle and high schools since 1927. 



Timeline: Worst mass shootings in U.S.





Click through our interactive timeline to learn more about the worst mass shootings in the United States since World War II.



Impact Your World: How to help





Learn how to help the victims and families affected by the Connecticut school shooting tragedy.



Complete coverage

















NewsPulse

Most popular stories right now


Wal-Mart slashes prices on iPhone and iPad





Sheppard: Malala is face of school attacks





Fiscal cliff indecision leaves paychecks up in the air





Live blog: Children and adults gunned down in Connecticut school massacre





'Why? Why?': 26 dead in school massacre




Explore the news with NewsPulse »





























                     Home | Video | CNN Trends | U.S. | World | Politics | Justice | Entertainment | Tech | Health | Living | Travel | Opinion | iReport | Money | Sports Tools & widgets | RSS | Podcasts | Blogs | CNN mobile | My profile | E-mail alerts | CNN shop | Site map    CNN en ESPAÑOL | CNN Chile | CNN Expansion | العربية | 한국어 | 日本語 | Türkçe CNN TV | HLN | Transcripts |    © 2012 Cable News Network. Turner Broadcasting System, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Terms of service | Privacy guidelines | Ad choices | Advertise with us | About us | Contact us | Work for us | Help             










