Connecticut school shooting - Page 2 - chicagotribune.com















 





News





Home


Member Center


Weather


Traffic


Subscribe


Mobile


Digital Plus


Newsletters & Alerts


Photos


Video


Death Notices


Classified


Weekly Ads


Advertising Services


Media Kit




News


Breaking


Chicagoland


TribLocal


Nation & World


Watchdog


Local Politics


National Politics


Obituaries


Schools


Chicago crime


Maps & Apps


Trib Nation


Columns




Business


Breaking


Technology


Money


Work Life


Chicago Stocks


Columns




Sports


Breaking


Bears


Bulls


Blackhawks


Cubs


White Sox


Colleges


High Schools


Soccer


Golf


International


Scores


Columns




A&E


Breaking


Movies


Theater


Music


Television


Celebrities


Events


Architecture


Arts


Comics


Puzzles


Columns




Lifestyles


Travel


Health


Food & Dining


Books


Home & Garden


Religion


Life Lessons


Ask Amy


TribU Events


HolidayHub


Horoscopes


Lottery


Shopping


Columns


Cancer Central




Opinion


Editorials


Guest Commentary


Letters


Stantis Cartoons


Today's Columns


All Columns


News


Sports


Business


A&E 


Lifestyles




Real Estate


Buy a Home


Sell Your Home


Latest Sales


Apartments & Condos


Neighborhoods & Suburbs


Foreclosure News


Luxury Real Estate




Cars


Buy a Car


Sell Your Car


Car Reviews


Car Care




Jobs


Find a Job


List Your Job


Top Workplaces






































Advanced Search



Advanced Search
X







include all of these words: 
include any of these words: 
include this exact phrase: 
exclude: 

 Select a date range


this week
past 30 days
past 3 months
past year




 Create a custom date range

From: 
To: 





















Search











Become a Member

Access our very best investigative reporting, opinion and commentary.


Welcome !
Look for the  icon to access members-only premium content.









Home
            
        
            
                
                
                    
                    
                     
                         > News




Connecticut school shooting: Witness inside school: 'I've got bodies here'






































previous
1
2
|   single page






                                
                                
                                
                                
                                
                                    
                                        
                                        Theodore Varga was in a meeting with other fourth-grade teachers when he heard the gunfire. He said someone had turned on the intercom so that "you could hear people in the office. You could hear the hysteria that was going on. I think whoever did that saved a lot of people. Everyone in the school was listening to the terror that was transpiring."Also, a custodian ran around, warning people there was someone with a gun, Varga said.




Related


School shooting brings back haunting memories of Laurie Dann



Local parents shaken by Conn. shootings



Is there any way to be safer?



Photos: Connecticut school shooting



Sandy Hook tragedy: Talking to kids about trauma


See more stories »


X


What to tell kids about traumatic eventsShooting suspect was honors studentRoutine morning, then shots and unthinkable terrorVideo: Chicago reacts to Conn. shootingCondolence book for Sandy Hook shootings Video: Shooter targets kids in Conn. massacreSlaughter in Newtown: What to do?Obama urges solidarity as America mourns shooting victimsEurope horrified by U.S. school shootingWhat to tell your kids about Conn. shootingEditorial: 'Humbled by our helplessness'Horror of shooting alarms local parentsTimeline: Major shooting incidents in the United StatesVideo: Updates from school shootingVideo: Obama tears upLive video: School shooting coverage








                                            
                                        
                                        
                                        
                                        "He said, 'Guys! Get down! Hide!'" Varga said. "So he was actually a hero." The teacher said he did not know if the custodian survived.Mergim Bajraliu, 17, said he heard the gunshots echo from his home and ran to check on his 9-year-old sister at the school. He said his sister, who was uninjured, heard a scream come over the intercom. He said teachers were shaking and crying as they came out of the building."Everyone was just traumatized," he said.On Friday night, hundreds of people packed a Newtown church and stood outside in a vigil for the victims. People held hands, lit candles and sang "Silent Night" at St. Rose of Lima church. Anthony Bloss, whose three daughters survived the shootings, said they are doing better than he is. "I'm numb. I'm completely numb," he said at the vigil.Mary Pendergast said her 9-year-old nephew was in the school at the time of the shooting but wasn't hurt after his music teacher helped him take cover in a closet.Richard Wilford's 7-year-old son, Richie, told him that he heard a noise that sounded like "cans falling." The boy said a teacher went out to check on the noise, came back in, locked the door and had the children huddle in the corner until police arrived."There's no words," Wilford said. "It's sheer terror, a sense of imminent danger, to get to your child and be there to protect him."On Friday afternoon, family members were led away from a firehouse that was being used as a staging area, some of them weeping. One man, wearing a T-shirt without a jacket, put his arms around a woman as they walked down the middle of the street, oblivious to everything around them. Another woman with tears rolling down her face walked by, carrying a car seat with a baby inside."Evil visited this community today and it's too early to speak of recovery, but each parent, each sibling, each member of the family has to understand that Connecticut -- we're all in this together. We'll do whatever we can to overcome this event," Gov. Dannel Malloy said.Adam Lanza and his mother lived in a well-to-do part of Newtown where neighbors are doctors or hold white-collar positions at companies such as General Electric, Pepsi and IBM.At least three guns were found -- a Glock and a Sig Sauer, both pistols, inside the school, and a .223-caliber rifle in the back of a car, authorities said. A law enforcement official speaking on condition of anonymity said some of the guns used in the attack may have belonged to Lanza's family. His mother had legally registered four weapons, his father two.Authorities also recovered three other guns -- a Henry repeating rifle, an Enfield rifle and a shotgun. It was not clear exactly where those weapons were found.For about two hours late Friday and early Saturday, clergy members and emergency vehicles moved steadily to and from the school. The state medical examiner's office said bodies of the victims would be taken there eventually for autopsies.The shootings instantly brought to mind such tragedies as the Columbine High School massacre that killed 15 in 1999 and the July shootings at a movie theater in Aurora, Colo., that left 12 dead."You go to a movie theater in Aurora and all of a sudden your life is taken," Columbine Principal Frank DeAngelis said. "You're at a shopping mall in Portland, Ore., and your life is taken. This morning, when parents kissed their kids goodbye knowing that they are going to be home to celebrate the holiday season coming up, you don't expect this to happen."He added: "It has to stop, these senseless deaths."Obama's comments on the tragedy amounted to one of the most outwardly emotional moments of his presidency."The majority of those who died were children -- beautiful little kids between the ages of 5 and 10 years old," Obama said.He paused for several seconds to keep his composure as he teared up and wiped an eye. Nearby, two aides cried and held hands as they listened to Obama."They had their entire lives ahead of them -- birthdays, graduations, wedding, kids of their own," Obama continued about the victims. "Among the fallen were also teachers, men and women who devoted their lives to helping our children."







previous
1
2
|   single page







































 








RECOMMENDED VIDEO





















Video




Photo galleries













Chicago's entertainment regulars














Mugs: Bike escape foiled: cops
















In the news: Housing crisis














Historic Wrigley Building






















Chicago Breaking News

1 possibly dead in police-involved shooting on South Side




























ChicagoNow







Elf on the Shelf: For adults only






You be judge: Which is the "Most Festive Pet" this holiday season?





Join ChicagoNow...







Metromix







30+ things to do this weekend















Send us your event information.




 











Manage Subscription




Home delivery




Advertising Services




Connect With Us




Site Index




Mobile














Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
About Our Ads
Chicago Tribune, 435 N. Michigan Ave., Chicago, IL 60611








A Tribune Newspaper website
































