['Tennessee Man Accused of Killing Wife Cleared to Live in Million-Dollar Home Where She Died - ABC News', "A county judge has ruled that a Tennessee man accused of killing his orthodontist wife can live in the sprawling mansion where authorities say he killed his wife, but will not be allowed to access the couple's joint bank accounts.", 'Randy Maidens, 42, was charged with criminal homicide, two counts of evidence tampering and child neglect after investigators found his wife, Rachel, shot to death in their Brentwood, Tenn., home in April.', "Maidens pleaded not guilty to all the counts against him last month, and remains out of jail on a $750,000 bond. He isn't scheduled to return to court again on the criminal charges until Nov. 12, according ABC News affiliate WKRN-TV in Nashville.", "Besides the criminal charges, Maidens was in Williamson County court this week to face his wife's mother in a wrongful death suit hearing. Maidens' mother-in-law filed the civil suit to stop him from using any money in the couple's joint accounts.", "The judge ruled after Monday's hearing  that Maidens can remain in the couple's home for now, but he is not allowed to access most of the funds in joint accounts and those that belong to his deceased wife.", "Rachel Maidens' mother, Elizabeth Frisbie, says she wants to save the money for the couple's 2-year-old daughter, Natalie, who was in the home when her mother died.", '"I want Natalie to have a chance and for him to be held accountable, and responsible for his actions," Frisbie said Monday. "I really worry about her emotionally. She\'s going to have a lot of questions."', "The judge reportedly ruled that the lawsuit can't proceed until the criminal case is settled.", "Police discovered Maidens' body riddled with 10 gunshot wounds, mostly to the back, April 21. After a manhunt, police arrested Randy Maidens, who is unemployed, when he returned to the home.", "Despite the judge's ruling, prosecutors will still try to keep Maidens from returning to the home he once shared with his wife and child.", '"There is the outstanding order that is still in effect in the criminal case that prevents Mr. Maidens from returning to that home unless the Brentwood Police Department are notified 24 hours in advance and unless he is accompanied by his attorney," Williamson District Attorney Kim Helper said.', 'Rachel Maidens\' family released a statement to ABC News overnight, saying, "There are just no words that can adequately express the grief we feel. Losing Rachel is still too painful." U.S.']