['CNN.com has tips for eating a balanced diet and ensuring proper nutrition. Find diet plans and tips here.', '\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\tGet the reporting, research and analysis behind on-air stories straight from the CNN Medical Unit, led by chief medical correspondent Dr. Sanjay Gupta. ', "Got a question about a health story in the news or a health topic? Here's your chance to get an answer. Send us your questions about general health topics, diet and fitness and mental health. If your question is chosen, it could be featured on CNN.com's health page with an answer from one of our health experts, or by a participant in the CNNhealth community. ", '* CNN encourages you to contribute a question. By submitting a question, you agree to the following terms found below.', 'You may not post any unlawful, threatening, libelous, defamatory, obscene, pornographic or other material that would violate the law. By submitting your question, you hereby give CNN the right, but not the obligation, to post, air, edit, exhibit, telecast, cablecast, webcast, re-use, publish, reproduce, use, license, print, distribute or otherwise use your questions(s) and accompanying personal identifying and other information you provide via all forms of media now known or hereafter devised, worldwide, in perpetuity. CNN Privacy Statment.', '\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\tIt will be reviewed and considered for posting on CNNHealth.com. Questions and comments are moderated by CNN and will not appear until after they have been reviewed and approved. Unfortunately, because of the voume of questions we receive, not all can be posted.', "By the time he reached the White House, Bill Clinton's appetite was legend. He loved hamburgers, steaks, chicken enchiladas, barbecue and french fries but wasn't too picky. At one campaign stop in New Hampshire, he reportedly bought a dozen doughnuts and was working his way through the box until an aide stopped him.", "Pediatrician Dr. Alan Greene, M.D., recommends simple, everyday replacements for what you're eating, doing and even breathing that can have a major impact on your kids' health.", "In March 2006, when Mia Walter's* 10-year-old daughter decided to quit gymnastics, the Chattanooga mom was almost relieved.", "If you're wondering why you're tired after a full night's sleep, or jittery even without a venti latte, the answer might be on your plate.", 'In the middle of a famine, there is a place that houses the sickest survivors of all.', 'Middle-aged women searching for a safe alternative to hormone therapy to prevent bone loss and ease the symptoms of menopause are in for another letdown.', "Laura Finlayson, 40, from Westwood, New Jersey, just couldn't seem to shake her persistent cough. It lingered for months and was so violent that she ended up in the emergency room with bruised ribs.", "Anyone who's sought solace in pizza or a pint of ice cream knows that food can be comforting. But experts still don't know exactly why we gravitate toward fatty or sugary foods when we're feeling down, or how those foods affect our emotions.", 'Women have long relied on cranberry juice or supplements to prevent painful urinary tract infections.', "You think you're being smart when, in an effort to eat more healthfully, you check a restaurant's website to see how many calories are in a dish you plan to order.", 'People with hypertension who replace a portion of the carbohydrates in their diet with soy protein or low-fat dairy may see a small yet meaningful decrease in their blood pressure, a new study suggests.', "For two years after a hip surgery that didn't work out as well as he'd hoped, pain shot down Jim Heckler's leg like electrical shocks. Several doctors, eager to help Heckler feel better, prescribed various narcotic painkillers.", 'People who eat more sodium and less potassium may die sooner of heart or other problems than people who consume the opposite, a large, 15-year-study has found.', "Gillian Aldrich started growing vegetables in her backyard three years ago, and she's now working on planting a bed of hydrangeas, butterfly bushes, rose campion, and -- her favorite -- pale-pink hardy geraniums along one side of her property.", "It's understandable that parents want to keep their children's environments clean, especially when kids are young. Moms wash bottles in hot water, clean pacifiers that fall on the ground and take dirty things out of their kids' mouths.", "Over the past several decades Americans have steadily gotten fatter. Although our increasingly sedentary lifestyles are partly to blame, a big reason for our national weight gain is that we're simply eating more.", 'Everyone knows the basic prescription for staving off excess weight gain in middle age: Eat less and exercise more.', 'At 16, Shaina weighed 242 pounds. She also had developed a complication of obesity in which pressure builds up within the skull, damaging the optic nerve.', 'The food pyramid has been dismantled in favor of a simple plate icon that urges Americans to eat a more plant-based diet.', 'For years, doctors have been telling their patients to eat more fish in order to boost heart health.', 'Men who drink a lot of coffee might feel a bit jittery or high-strung, but those side effects may come with a hidden benefit: prostate health.', 'Doctors and public health officials have been telling us for years that eating too much sodium can increase the risk of heart attack or stroke by raising blood pressure to unsafe levels. So how to explain a new study that suggests low salt intake actually increases the risk of dying from those causes?', 'As more than half of U.S. adults are popping vitamins and supplements, the question remains -- has it made Americans healthier?', 'Almost half of the meat and poultry sold at U.S. supermarkets and grocery stores contains a type of bacteria that is potentially harmful to humans, a new study estimates.', 'Sarah Cooper was a new mom in her mid-20s, busily juggling her family and a career as an electrical engineer, when everything came to a halt.', 'Your idea of a good time after a bad day is a scoop of dulce de leche ice cream piled high atop a fudge brownie.', "A large herd's worth of beef cattle has passed through the Cooking Light Test Kitchen over the past 24 years, almost all of it standard-issue, grain-fed supermarket meat.", "Sleep deprivation can leave you feeling drowsy and slow-witted, but that's not all: New research suggests it may also rev up your appetite.", 'Starting each day with a bowl of cereal -- especially a whole-grain variety -- could trim up to 20% off your risk of developing high blood pressure, according to preliminary research presented Tuesday at an American Heart Association meeting in Atlanta.', "If you're trying to lose weight, close your eyes for a minute and imagine the moments that make you fat.", 'It looks like a small "everything bagel" and lox. But bite into it and, to your amusement, it\'s ice cream.', 'Drinking a lot of soda and other sugary beverages has been linked to an increased risk of obesity and diabetes, among other health problems.', 'Mississippi, the most obese state in the United States, needs to shed pounds. A former pro football player turned fitness coach wants to make it happen.', 'Sitting in her trailer between filming scenes for "Parenthood," Lauren Graham is still in hair and makeup, but dressed in what could be considered her casual uniform: a pair of stretchy jeans tucked into boots, a tank top, and a Current/Elliott denim shirt.', "Used to be, when you grabbed breakfast on the go, it was a diet disaster: nothing but fat-and-calorie bombs like butter-soaked croissants and jumbo muffins. Now, it's much easier to do right by your body: Fast-food legends like McDonald's and IHOP, as well as newbies like Cosi and Panera Bread, offer surprisingly healthy options that are filling, light, and much easier on your arteries.", 'Eating a diet rich in fiber - especially the kind of fiber found in whole grains - reduces the risk of dying at an early age from a range of causes, a new government study suggests.', 'More than 100 million people are expected to tune in to Super Bowl XLV this weekend, but only some of them are football fans.', "The length of a mother's employment is associated with an increase in her child's body mass index, according to a study in the journal Child Development.", "Sure, your diet keeps your body slim and healthy, but its impact doesn't stop there.", 'Lugging a nearly 500-pound body, Matt Hoover was unhappy. Like many Americans, he knew how to lose weight, but was paralyzed by inaction.', 'Turkey breasts, eggs, cilantro, and deli meat are just some of the foods that you may have avoided this year because of recalls associated with foodborne illness.', "In class, Eric Ostendorf fidgeted in his seat and constantly kicked his knees up for exercise. He'd ask to go to the restroom, where he would do 45 chin-ups using the bar between the stall walls.", "After zooming from one end of the mall to the other, don't you deserve a quick bite? Of course.", 'On Thanksgiving, many of us will eat way more than normal and then waddle away contented, with a turkey and sweet potato buzz.', "Half of all Americans may be diabetic or prediabetic by 2020, a report from an insurance company warned Tuesday. That's an even bleaker projection than the Centers for Disease Control's recent estimate that one in three Americans would have diabetes by 2050.", 'The U.S. Food and Drug Administration told the manufacturers of seven caffeinated alcoholic beverages Wednesday that their drinks are a "public health concern" and can\'t stay on the market in their current form.', 'The Food and Drug Administration is preparing to ban caffeinated alcohol drinks, Sen. Charles Schumer said Tuesday. In response, one leading manufacturer of these drinks announced that it will remove caffiene and other ingredients from its product.', "There were no diet pills, shakes or detoxes. And no, it wasn't caveman food, grapefruit, Twinkies, Taco Bell or Subway sandwiches.", "Toby Amidor remembers well -- but not fondly -- her child's meltdown over a bottle of Yoo-hoo.", 'Don\'t let the "former teen star" description fool you: Hilary Duff is one young celeb who truly has it together. You won\'t find the ex-Lizzie McGuire star landing in the tabloids because of hard-partying ways.', 'Neon, caffeinated alcohol drinks often boast exotic-sounding ingredients such as taurine, guarana, ginkgo, bitter orange and ginseng.', 'The makers of POM Wonderful pomegranate juice say that the drink improves blood flow and heart health, prevents and treats prostate cancer, and works 40 percent as well as Viagra (whatever that means). All for about four bucks a bottle.', 'Children in Grades 3 through 6 who are obese are more likely to be bullied than their normal-weight peers, a new study has found.', 'Dana Woldow issues a challenge to every member of Congress: "Try school cafeteria food in your district. Then see if you continue to make the same decisions about how you fund the program."', "When it comes to getting healthy -- and staying that way -- there's no better place to start than your plate. All of the foods here are great for you at any age, but eat the right ones at the right times, and you'll have a natural defense against any problems facing your body through the years.", 'The Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has to decide if genetically engineered salmon is safe enough for human consumption and is spending three days to consider safety and labeling issues.', 'The U.S. Food and Drug Administration will hold a hearing Monday as it considers whether to approve genetically engineered salmon for human consumption.', 'September weekends are time for tailgates, whether it be on a college campus or at professional football stadium.', 'According to ancient Chinese legend, black rice was so rare, tasty, and nutritious that only the emperors were allowed to eat it.', 'As public health officials across the country look into the salmonella outbreak that began in the spring, the state of California believes it has identified its earliest cases -- and says its investigation helped tip off the rest of the country to the source of the problem.', 'As the federal government investigates the recent egg recall and the related salmonella outbreak that it says has sickened about 1,300 Americans, the regulatory process is coming under scrutiny from the agencies responsible and people affected by the food safety crisis.', 'Forget diet pills and cleanses. A new study suggests that an effective weight-loss aid is available straight from your kitchen sink.', 'The number of eggs recalled in a nationwide salmonella scare has grown to more than half a billion.', 'The salmonella outbreak that led to the recall of 380 million eggs was preventable and will likely grow, federal officials said Thursday.', "Eating too much red meat has long been a no-no for people with high cholesterol and other risk factors for heart disease. But it hasn't always been clear how much is too much.", 'Get your kids addicted to these colorful, tasty, nutrient-packed superfoods, like blueberries, cocoa, cinnamon and more.', 'In restaurants in this township outside Cape Town, South Africa, barbecue grills crackle with chains of sausage, marinated chicken quarters and boulder-sized slabs of beef and lamb.', 'Wearing a body-hugging dress and heels to our interview at an Irish pub in her adopted hometown of Los Angeles, Christina Hendricks is seriously channeling Joan Holloway, the take-no-prisoners office manager she plays on "Mad Men."', 'When the dog days hit Boston, Massachusetts, Stephanie Meyers starts cooking alfresco to keep things cool indoors.', 'Eating too much sodium can push your blood pressure into the danger zone. Now, researchers are reporting that eating too many sweets--or drinking too much soda--may have a similar effect.', 'A brief chest pain, numbness in the arm or even fatigue is enough to worry Sandra Thornton, a heart attack survivor.', 'Mia Procida, 14, will be starting her eighth summer at Camp Pocono Trails in Reeders, Pennsylvania, at about the same time a new television show, called "Huge"  rolls out on the ABC Family network.', "Whether you're heading to a spa for a girls-only weekend or chugging down the highway in a car full of Disney-crazed kids, a road trip is the ultimate rite of summer. But along with the classic rock blasting on the radio, road trips often involve the kinds of food you'd never think of eating at home--neon-orange cheese curls, mega-ounce slushies, unidentifiable dried meat in a plastic pack.", 'Summer means outdoor activities and more cookouts, so it also means more hamburgers.', "Shrek, Dora the Explorer, and other animated TV and movie stars beloved by children have been moonlighting as junk-food pitchmen in recent years. And they're good at it.", "As a child, were you encouraged to clean your plate and then go back for seconds? If so, you probably didn't grow up in France, where children are taught to savor the feeling of longing, or envie, for their next course (just think of the cheese!). Our differing notions of satisfaction were examined in a 2006 study of 133 Parisians and 145 Chicagoans published in the journal Obesity. While the French paid attention to an internal cue, the feeling of fullness, the Windy City-ers relied on the external: when their plate was empty; when their companion had finished eating; or when -- quelle horreur! -- the credits started to roll on the TV show they were watching.", 'If you love salty snacks and reach for the saltshaker like clockwork at every meal, you might think you have dull or underpowered taste buds that need a boost to get excited.', 'In mid-interview for a new movie last week, actress Salma Hayek suddenly shrieked and scrambled out of her seat, over the shoulders of co-star Maya Rudolph sitting next to her. Clutching frantically at Rudolph and another co-star, Maria Bello, she uttered a blood-curdling scream, "Somebody do something!" Bello, also clearly unnerved at the sight of something off-camera, comforted Hayek as she teetered on the arm of a director\'s chair in 4-inch heels. "It\'s OK," Bello repeated, "We got you. Don\'t worry."', "The next time you order Chinese food or need a side dish to serve with dinner, you're better off choosing brown rice instead of white. Eating more brown rice and cutting back on white rice may reduce your risk of diabetes, a new study reports.", 'Binge eating should be included as an official psychiatric disorder in new mental health guidelines, but obesity should not, a group of medical experts is recommending.', "If you're eating non-organic celery today, you may be ingesting 67 pesticides with it, according to a new report from the Environmental Working Group.", 'Dianne has always worried about her heart health -- both her parents died of heart attacks -- yet her cholesterol has never been off the charts. All the same, the 59-year-old schoolteacher (who asked that her last name not be used) has been taking a cholesterol-lowering statin for more than two years.', 'More romaine lettuce has been recalled amid an investigation into an outbreak of food-borne illness that has sickened at least 19 people in three states.', 'Too many people in the U.S. may be taking stomach-acid-suppressing drugs such as Nexium and Prevacid, new research suggests. The drugs, known as proton pump inhibitors, help those with serious stomach and digestive problems, but the risks may outweigh the benefits for people with less serious conditions, experts say.', "Some nutrition myths bounce around on crazy e-mail chain letters and pop up on goofy evening news reports. Others fuel the sale of rip-off diet books. Some are so accepted they seem hardwired into our brains. Take deep-fried foods, for example. They're universally bad for you, right? Well, no.", 'When Dina Khiry is feeling a bit down, she reaches for chocolate. "I like Reese\'s peanut butter cups, Hershey\'s bars, and chocolate cake batter," says the 24-year-old public relations associate. "I feel better in the moment -- and then worse later on, when I realize that I just consumed thousands of calories."', 'Sugar lovers may have to face a bitter truth: The less sugar added to foods for typical people, the better are their blood-fat profiles and the lower are their cardiovascular risks, a study to be published Wednesday concludes.', 'Salt, a staple in most food, could soon be regulated if the Institute of Medicine has its way.']