["the early stages of  labor  at that point since word. Other than her  labor  was progressing normally this for the course of  labor  for a woman with her first  baby . This is absolutely duchess was an early  labor  we normally break have a very very normal  labor and delivery  and and hopefully that's ", "the world. All of this very exciting moment in time -- royal baby has been born so we understand after that email takes place. We will get the pomp and circumstance that you were referring to David where we will see that card stock with a formal announcement framed and signed by the doctors who delivered the baby Walk down these steps. Putting into a car which will be driven through the streets of London. And taken to Buckingham Palace where it will be then placed on an easel and very easel where the announcement -- Prince William. Was made so many years ago 31 years ago. Returning the history -- using that easily eighty stick with us here the royal couple as we know. Went to the hospital there in London Saint Mary's there overnight that was shortly before up about 2 AM eastern time. We were told that Kate was in the early stages of labor at that point since then there's been little more official word. Other than her labor was progressing normally. And in fact we're joined by doctor -- -- part of our ABC medical team and she's with me here in the studio in New York as we look at these live pictures. Right there of -- -- the weeks and months before. She went to the hospital in the last few hours to Saint -- -- in London and doctor after you were telling me this would be about right for a first time pregnancy 1214 hours. Absolutely David and -- for this for the course of labor for a woman with her first baby This is absolutely within the normal range you know it's been about fourteen hours according to the reports that the duchess was an early labor we normally break. A lever up into stages of early labor than active labor and the second and third stages of labor so this is absolutely. Right on schedule -- when we would expect to hear word that a babies and more -- -- were with -- early on this in the pregnancy when we learned that -- -- was having some complications. Also common in the first -- absolutely well we're talking about high premises which is extreme nausea and vomiting. Usually limited to the first half of pregnancy the good news for women who have that condition. When that resolves they can expect most of the time to have a very very normal labor and delivery and and hopefully that's over -- -- be -- since then doctor hasn't been with us throughout our special coverage. You're watching ABC news live coverage we await. An official announcement from the royal family in London we believe the baby has borne the new royal air. The baby only the second future monarch to be born in a hospital -- -- Prince William was the first. At that same hospital Saint Mary's I'm learning right now it is a son. -- new air is a baby boy. Born to duchess Kate a short time ago and the Prince William for 24 PM I'm told. Eight pounds six ounces eight pounds six ounces. The duke of Cambridge was present. And that would be a bigger baby then Prince William was Prince William I believe -- a little more than seven pounds. So a baby boy and I want to bring in ABC's Barbara Walters who's been covering the royal family. For a long time here and when I saw you react to moments ago when I announced -- -- boy. I'm I'm delighted at every visit to baby boy whether boy or girl as we have pointed out there's a new rules of succession -- The girl would be the edge of the thrown nine I -- -- -- Charles I don't expect the baby's name for awhile because. Was more than a week before williams' name was announced I don't remember that but evidently west and Chelsea is -- -- a mystery file monthly there's just. There's a baby against but -- away -- -- -- hoped it would be ago. Because I know how much. Her room highness Princess Diana wanted to. And boys just -- to -- on that farm. Barbara -- -- -- the announcement of the viewers were joining us right now we have just learned from London. That this new royal air is a baby boy weighing in at eight pounds six ounces for royal highness the duchess of cameras. Cambridge was safely delivered of a son ", "Cambridge is in  labor  the royal sex of the  baby  the color early in her  labor . That we uneventful  labor and delivery  that's events in the  labor  and to liberty  delivery  unit at Saint In many.  Labor and delivery  units throughout ", "due date -- progress with a very normal and really just uneventful labor and delivery that's what we hoped for as obstetricians. And we also should -- and she does have not one but two doctors attending this birth. And it's important for people to understand that the vast majority of time for young healthy women with an uncomplicated pregnancy labor and delivery . Progress is very smoothly with hopefully minimal intervention. But rarely. There are true obstetrics emergencies we have to remember there are two ", "that while the world's attention is focused on the events in the labor and to liberty delivery unit at Saint Mary's hospital this is a scene that is going on. In many. Labor and delivery units throughout the country -- of course in various parts of the world. And every bit as exciting to those expectant parents. ", 'those words,  baby  and mother healthy. An all over this country in  labor and delivery  units, the same basic the well-being of the  baby  with an external heart you talk about how long  labor  lasts we look at four FACTORS ', "those words, baby and mother healthy. An expert right here? Again ashton. Delivered more than a thousand babies. Yep. Take us inside the hospital right now. First several hours for a first mom. Well, first thing to recognize, george, is that whether this is occurring at st. Mary's or all over this country in labor and delivery units, the same basic things occur. In obstetrics we have two patients on our hands at least. When she's admitted first thing you do you get the maternal vital sign, blood pressure, bake blood tests and assess the well-being of the baby with an external heart rate monitor. If everything looks good and her onbstetricians have examined her we let nature take its course. ", "going in to see that the  baby  along with wife Camilla just a woman is giving  labor  inside it's another and Prince Charles with  baby  Lillian. And the air intense privacy of the  delivery  Two nodding in college Only six hours after  giving birth  to have a new look out 20/20 of the royal  baby  heir to the throne we'll ", '-- This this beautiful -- family moving from intense privacy of the delivery -- Two nodding in college -- cottage which is a beautiful. Q middle English cottage in the grounds attendant comes from the ', 'preparing for duchess  delivery  in the same wing using too obese for  delivery  most limiting use possible. In fact once  labor  starts mini pay hospitals encourage  giving birth  without anesthesia to reduce pain.  C section  rates are three the UK. But the  C section  rate at Roosevelt ', "now. Saint Mary's hospital in West London is preparing for duchess -- delivery in the same wing where Princess Diana gave birth. It's -- yeah. The biggest difference. All prenatal care and -- in the UK it's free and while using too obese for delivery most limiting use -- through the whole process. ABC news one of -- near Victoria Murphy is do the same kind of hate. Doesn't quite a lot of emphasis on the content on the putting two and price tag team takes out. In the -- we aim for natural childbirth as much as -- spoke with -- intervention as possible. In fact once labor starts mini pay hospitals encourage giving birth without anesthesia. Using as little pain medication as possible. At the girls are less frequent and patients are often laughing gas -- birthing -- to reduce pain. C section rates are three times higher in the US -- in the UK. But the C section rate at Roosevelt hospital in New York City is much lower than the national average. As the city's only in hospital birthing ", 'But we do know now from this  delivery  nominee read just short bit sign. At 4:24. PM the  baby  weighs eight pounds six ounces wonderful parents and from the  labor  leader. Ed Miliband many We have an entire page of  baby . Royal greeting book if you proud parents of a healthy  baby  point eight pounds six ounces that you can ensure that the  delivery  of the news is going to be ', "before we know the name. But we do know now from this delivery nominee read just -- short bit of it -- royal highness the duchess of Cambridge was safely delivered of a sign. At 4:24. PM the baby weighs eight pounds six ounces the duke of Cambridge was present for the birth to queen the duke of Edinburgh. The prince of Wales -- -- of Cornwall prince area members of both families have been informed. And are delighted with the news -- royal highness and her child are both doing well. And -- -- remain in the hospital overnight certainly. The news that so many in London and around the world. Had been waiting for all to find out when the little royal baby . We've -- -- you can see take a look at a live shot here outside of Buckingham Palace they believe that is ", "yes. Kate and William -- now the proud parents of a healthy baby point eight pounds six ounces and was born at 424 this afternoon and the royal announcement. Has just been delivered to Buckingham Palace where the queen will review it and it will then be placed how to make -- -- -- -- in -- right there. Nick talked a little bit about the fact we've been talking about sort of the protocol the announcement and now obviously tweeting out using social media and of course. Also with a press release and public relations. Really in this day and age it's the only way that you can ensure that the delivery of the news is going to be. Balancing an -- in and equally distributed. Yeah I think that's what happened here I ", "arrival of a royal  baby  let's go back to duchess is to go into  labor  any day any hour this is no ordinary  delivery  were talking about the duchess and the  baby  leave the hospital Dollars. This royal  baby  will only be the hoping for a natural  delivery  not planning necessary with Kate during  labor  and the  delivery", "sort of security threat because of the impending arrival of a royal baby let's go back to be out in London -- -- -- they've got this elaborate plan to roll out the news when it comes. Walk us through it. Well damn -- here's what we know we believe the duchess is -- to go into labor any day any hour any minute now quite frankly. She will be delivering at Saint Mary's hospital but of course this is no ordinary delivery were talking about a future king. Or queen of England so there are -- set of protocols that they will be following a set of orders an announcements the first announcement will be when the duchess has been admitted -- The -- announcement will be the formal birth announcement. And that the announcement will be when the duchess and the baby leave the hospital in the days following the delivery Now the birth itself will be announced on a creamy Buckingham Palace headed paper signed by the medical staff taking part in the delivery the baby will be delivered by the queen's royal gynecologists. And the announcement will be handed to a waiting driver get this and driven then with police escorts. To Buckingham Palace right behind needed be displayed on an easel on the palace gate. Now upon posting we will know then the sex of the child as well as the weight most likely not been named yet. And like the late Princess Diana Kate has chosen the -- -- at Saint Mary's in the private suite likely to cost up to 151000. Dollars. This royal baby will only be the second future monarch in history to be born in a hospital following his father Prince William his or her father that is. And the cake isn't too posh to push she's hoping for a natural delivery not planning necessary and and we also did it blaming -- do not -- the sex though I have to tell you that the most people here are rooting for a girl. Why what we've already watched two adorable boys William and Harry grow up before our eyes. Plus history would be made -- Kate delivers a girl since earlier this year both the queen and parliament changes that the succession law allowing the first born even -- -- -- girl to take the throne. We also believe that Kate's mother Carol and sister -- will likely be with Kate during labor and the delivery room they're very close family and in addition -- -- salute of 41 nuns will be fired to mark the occasion when Kate does give birth. Asked for top possible names for the baby it's a girl Alexandra Victoria and Charlotte. And if it's a boy. It's George I think Daniel and Ronald woods would -- ", "they woke up on the ground dazed and confused. Kendra was rushed to the hospital for an emergency  C section . Two weeks before her due date the  baby  was born and named Kimberly cement the rose Gordon but after this unreal ordeal they can. that they'll ", "dazed and confused. Kendra was rushed to the hospital for an emergency C section . Two weeks before her due date the baby was born and named Kimberly cement the rose Gordon but after this unreal ordeal they can. -- that they'll call her little ", "the idea of  giving birth  without medication welcome to  baby  Teddy into through their  labor and delivery . With minimal a regular  labor and delivery  ward witches up. With a  C section  it's becoming due date the  baby  may be too ", "different people. Natural childbirth to me is somebody. Who. Goes through their labor and delivery . With minimal intervention. And resulting in a vaginal birth. It's really the drugs so that the problem at what I really -- to a -- it was this. And a domino effect that often happens in -- hospital on a regular labor and delivery ward witches. You know that -- on the clock to give -- -- check in and it's been some progress according to textbook that leads to certain things -- up. With a C section it's becoming more and more popular these states but I think in the past there was that misconception about it. You know it's kind of new AG -- happiness. Midwest have been delivering babies for years and years and years and years and years and years and it actually should. He flipped around and it's much cheaper with the midwives to do this intervention. Have a -- C section rate and have to go on and on. About the advantages of -- -- But not all women that want natural childbirth ", "may develop complications that may go well past her due date the baby may be too big they won't see the birds that. So what happens in the birthing center what makes it different from labor and delivery . The bank center rooms. Content for one -- and a quiet floor. This large compared to the labor and delivery -- Their less people here. The -- is -- There's less action -- calling for the environment is quieter engine on the unit and you're going in there and not only to labor and delivery your baby -- recovers well once a woman comes in the -- makes sure the mother and child are stable and in good condition. Then after that. Is done if everything looks great we're gonna take the monitors office and you're free to move around. To use the jacuzzi you're not gonna be hooked up tonight B you're not gonna be hooked up to it continues -- monitoring. So when you're going through your labor you have different options of -- pain relief. When you're tied up to fetal monitor you're really limited in what you can ", "think that women are right that when you start with interventions of labor and delivery many times they lead. To -- actions would be something else so. There's a way to manage labor -- -- -- not to match labor I always tell patients why don't you do that but. Majority of it as natural as possible. And if you get an ", "alternative to  giving birth  actually with a 30%  C section  rate in this The optimal  C section  rate. For the rising  C section  rate due doesn't have a  vaginal delivery . And telling wanna have my  baby  it's birthday the pain of  labor . Com we ", "involved with C sections and see it as -- Painless alternative to giving birth actually here to -- shed some light on C sections as a fellow obstetrician doctor Charlie Lockwood. He's chairman of the department of OBG -- at Yale school of medicine and I should say he was in New York for about ten years at New York University welcome Charlie. Thank you. Well first of all a simple question what's wrong with a 30% C section rate in this country more people want to have C sections. What if it goes up to fifty what's wrong with -- well. It's actually very good question the assumption has been that. The optimal C section rate. For both mothers and and dead babies would probably be more like fifteen to 20%. So it just strikes many people as if that numbers to line. Let's break this down into two different things because people like to talk about. What I guess is is by. -- Beckham called too posh to push which is. I don't have time. To have a vaginal birth I need to come -- get -- schedule and then let's break it down into the rising C section rate due to. Twins triplets. Older moms and all that -- let's look at the first one that's called the the Beckham phenomenon. OK -- never adapt well -- -- ultra posh to push a light -- OK so. What's wrong with a woman deciding she doesn't -- -- have a vaginal delivery . And -- -- telling her doctor hey listen. August 11 that wanna have my baby it's -- -- -- birthday that's a good day. Well they may not be anything wrong with -- I think that women need to understand. It came in with some certainty what the risks of C sections are and what the potential benefits are. On the had to be fully informed about those. And obviously if the woman is adamant. That she wants to have a C section on demand -- a posh. Too -- to push then. I think probably most physicians would agree at this point. The obstetricians of an ethical obligation to go ahead and and a lot or death to have that elective C sections. -- -- world saying I'm your patient -- my doctor and I say. Doctor what do you think I'd like to have an elective C section what would you tell me as a patient. Well -- I wanna know why you want to have elective C section worry afraid of the pain of labor . Com we afraid about potential harm to the baby come and I tried to encourage you to have a vaginal delivery -- But it I'd want to know first want what's motivating. And and if you agree to the motivation Agassi would go ahead of schedule. -- I think that if the woman is fully apprised of what the risks are and and also what the potential benefits are. I would feel that my obligation to respect her autonomy. Would dictate that I go ahead and. Before on the C session and -- I think it's a small portion of of the C section rate a bigger portion of portion of the C section rate. Are due to multiple. Pregnancies. Sell older women and all that so is it realistic here's the question. To have the ", "is that one of the. Contributing factors to this increase in the C section . It is in fact and I think that that day you -- hit the nail head. That the big contributors have been the views epidemic of obesity and who has resulted not only in larger babies but. Babies they can't fit because both the mom and the baby . Are our bigger. From the fact that we no longer will really allow women -- have a vaginal delivery -- the baby is upside down is in the breech presentation. The fact that women are older. Older in fact than they've ever been having babies and that by itself it. Inexplicably. Leads to higher rates of caesarean section and via the epidemic and other epidemic of multiples. That's certainly driven the rates higher. And one last question. Patients are always asking is it safer for the baby not for the mother. Is it safer for the baby to have a C section or to have a vaginal delivery how do you answer that briefly. Well you know they -- Actually are fairly convincing that all of the things being equal. It is probably safer for the baby to be delivered by C section at term after confirmation of the baby's lungs -- mature. Then to undergo vaginal delivery . But the margin of increase safety is very smallest probably about -- -- thousand. Com and so it's very hard to justify. A 30% C section rate. For -- -- a thousand improvement in. The outcome of of the fetus is great we'll -- that was great advice ", "who have been in the  delivery  room and had babies decided to have her  baby  in an art gallery watching her eight hour  labor and delivery . She's a performance called the birth of  baby  acts. transformed the presented to me for  giving birth  and this here's a ", "All of box moms who have been in the delivery room and had babies know that it is truly a -- call by the question -- posing as is it's also some kind of art one Brooklyn woman. Thanks so she decided to have her baby in an art gallery. And she invited the public to share in her experience an ABC's Andrea canning was brave enough to to go and partake. Raises a good word. All the -- moms it is truly beautiful body but it's a lot of us feel it's very personal popularity could not -- million dollars -- -- this woman -- Marty Kodak actually had dozens of strangers coming and going watching her eight hour labor and delivery . She's a performance artist -- past works have drawn directly on her personal experiences. But does putting her child birth on display ", 'classic westerns depicts  delivery  on the frontier. Ticket of the way and you lecture  baby  be born. But the American Stating the safest setting for  labor and delivery  is in the hospital. How to. A  baby  in of itself can be very ', "book unassisted childbirth. You move out of the way and you lecture baby be born. But the American Medical Association issued a resolution this year. Stating the safest setting for labor and delivery is in the hospital. How to. A baby in -- of itself can be very dangerous situation for the -- deliver at home or in the hospital. But delivering at home where one does not have all the ancillary. Support to be able to save the woman or save the baby In my mind just doesn't make a lot of sense. I'm not anti hot spot but more can go wrong in a ", "so many moms speed up  labor  and could Towson have a negative on your  baby 's health. ABC's knocked out having a  baby  is hard work. But a used to help with the  labor  is now under scrutiny using Towson to induce  labor . According to researchers That we give. During  labor and delivery . There have to be valid ", "had a more positive experience with pitocin. It was used during the labor of both of her babies you hear still worries like it's going to -- Automatically you know what you write in the -- are and everything went smoothly I would do -- -- and again in a heartbeat. With any medication. That we give. During labor and delivery . There have to be valid medical indications and -- can make the difference between life and death we reached out to the ", 'her  labor and delivery  process be filmed delivered my  baby  and she stopped pregnancy or  delivery  can quickly become safest setting for  labor and delivery  the resolution Sometimes a  baby  can get stuck and got an a  C section  had attended benefit from from  giving birth  at home any or ', "more and more moms are doing just that. Every woman expecting a baby wants a safe and smooth delivery most choose to give birth in the hospital and these are the words they long to hear -- here. Why wouldn't you be among your body -- But no more women are choosing to have their babies delivered at home. -- and former talk show host Ricki Lake did just that seven years ago for her second child -- And she let her labor and delivery process be filmed for the documentary the business of being born at a certain point I. Just gave -- -- the pain I just let go and surrendered and that's when things went really quickly. I was so upset about being in my arms and -- -- my mom this is my midwife. She delivered my baby and she stopped -- scenario. You delivered -- -- breaking Ricki Lake has since become a vocal champion for a woman's right to choose between home birth and hospital birth. But the media attention about her passionate views -- is making the mainstream medical community very nervous. I'm very concerned about anyone who might be advocating for home -- A resolution adopted by the American Medical Association just last week mentioned lake by name. And said an apparently uncomplicated pregnancy or delivery can quickly become very complicated the safest setting for labor and delivery the resolution says. Is the hospital. I knew there would be some backlash. -- know I didn't expect to be personally. Targeted and we're not singling out any individual we want -- to try to back to policy. To discuss our concerns about the potential danger of having a home delivery Some celebrities have done documentaries -- interviews outlining their position on this as potentially dangerous for example. Sometimes a baby can get stuck in the delivery can now. Sometimes it can be very serious bleeding. Despite the possible risks at home so women fear worse in the hospital in the hot at all. There are many times interventions that occur that sort of cascade and got an a C section had attended several congress that think it's just very relaxed I would she is. Hospital birth of her home birth right now ", "the idea of  giving birth  without medication welcomed a  baby  Teddy into through their  labor and delivery . With minimal regular.  Labor and delivery  ward witches With the  C section  it's becoming different from  labor and delivery  if everything ", "different people. Natural childbirth to me is somebody. Who. Goes through their labor and delivery . With minimal intervention. And resulting in a vaginal birth. It's really the drugs so that the problem -- what I really wanted to avoid the wins this. And a domino effect that often happens in hospital on a regular. Labor and delivery ward witches. You know that -- on the clock to give birth than any check and and if things don't progress according to textbook that leads to certain things and up. With the C section it's becoming more and more popular these states but I think in the past there was that misconception about it. You know it's kind of new age years happiness midwest have been delivering babies for years and years and years and years and years and years and actually should be flipped around. And it's much cheaper with the midwives to do list intervention. Have a lower C section rate and had to go on and on about the advantages of the midway. But not all women that want natural childbirth ", "So what happens in the birthing center what makes it different from labor and delivery if everything works great we're gonna take the monitors off and think you're free to move around. To use the jacuzzi you're not gonna be hooked up to -- IB you're not gonna be hooked up to a continuous fetal monitoring. So when you're going through your labor you have different options of a pain relief. When you're tied up to fetal monitor you're really limited in what you can ", "think that women are right that when you start with interventions of labor and delivery many times they lead. To see sanctions committee to something else so. There's a way to manage -- away not to manage labor I always tell patients why don't you do the majority of it as natural as possible and if you get an epidural ", "method of  delivery  we turn to director of  labor and delivery . At the Massachusetts women who  labor  underwater heard about.  Giving birth  that way from understand that the  baby 's been swimming even after  giving birth . I would for their  labor . And our lower. Lower  C section  rates lower ", "her first child arrived. To learn more about this unconventional method of delivery we turn to ABC news chief medical editor doctor Tim Johnson doctor -- Thank you Tonya and help us sort out the pros and cons of giving births in water. We welcome doctor Laura Riley who's an obstetrician gynecologists. And the medical director of labor and delivery . At the Massachusetts. General hospital Boston she joins us from the hospital welcome to the program. Thank -- Now as we just heard in the control. Some women apparent. Apparently choose to give birth in a water environment because they think it's going to be less painful is there any evidence to support that. There's there are few studies which suggest that -- women who labor underwater are. More comfortable that the water is more soothing and they're less likely to needing anesthesia. There's also studies that suggest that that doesn't really work -- -- I think it's all over the board at this point. And the other reason that I -- often heard about. Giving birth that way from women is that they liked the idea of them. May be going from. The water environment of the uterus of the -- In two. Another water environment does that make any signs of -- I'm veteran make scientific sense although you know you can understand that the baby's been -- swimming in amniotic fluid for its entire life and some women feel that it's more natural. For the babies -- to be submerged at the time of birth although many of us are aren't concerned about that. Concern because. Because the baby is dead submerged in water and when they come not -- -- the question is whether or not they really take a ", "big concern with the  baby  being informed as rush Cary and her  baby  boy directly to the  labor and delivery  floor. Everyone waits the controls when a  baby  is born isn't rare Ford eighties before  giving birth  and my husband and ", "want -- took a lot of things. The big concern with the baby being informed as whether or not the babies prematurely. -- -- is going to be healthy which. Essentially made me nervous. About tiger. -- is strapped to a Gurney as the paramedic holds the newborn in his arms the nearest hospital is 25 miles away. It's a trip filled with anxiety and uncertainty it. -- emergency room nurses rush Cary and her baby boy directly to the labor and delivery floor. Everyone waits for something -- is that -- be okay. Dispatcher Angie Adams says it's the kind of adrenaline rush she ", "We have a  baby  with a penchant for speed for Jodi thank you know when it's a  labor  in her minivan not to worry. Mom called all the shots she's a  labor and delivery  nurse not to mention this  baby  was number four. Flash be the ", "We have a baby with a penchant for speed for you not only did she -- ten days early but little -- grace was delivered on the side of a California freeway. That's because mommy Jodi thank you know when it's a labor in her minivan not to worry. Mom called all the shots she's a labor and delivery nurse not to mention this baby was number four. Flash be the first to know what's coming up on Good Morning America tomorrow with the GMA daily slash ", "jessica simpson's brand-new  baby  boy. The latest on alec baldwin's word. So we knew it would be a  c - section  and heard several weeks ago so finally it happened. The  baby 's name is ace knute. Ace getting married after the first  baby  was born but babies keep getting ", "the hottest stories trending including as larry told us jessica simpson's brand-new baby boy. The latest on alec baldwin's twitter rant and a huge weekend at the box office. Here to talk about it all ", "-- nice word. Favorite word. So we knew it would be a c - section and heard several weeks ago it would be scheduled around this weekend so finally it happened. The baby's name is ace knute. Ace knute. Knute. This is not -- consider myself corrected. It's not about knute rockne, also not a ", 'details on that? They had planned on getting married after the first baby was born but babies keep getting in the way. So -- they must be happy. They really are. I want to ask ', "eight tee times eighteen pregnancies eighteen  labor and delivery  it's not one  C section . And most were born at home. And how often did hurry to leave home. Two other laundry icu with a  baby  on your all the time. What explains that if just ", "Kelly Bates his given birth -- eight tee times eighteen pregnancies eighteen labor and delivery it's not one C section And most were born at home. And how often did you have an epidural or anesthesia and anyway command wise die easily "]