['Welcome to Wednesday!Seems the theme lately has been a lot of talk about celebrities opening their mouths about their political beliefs. Barry Manilow, who says he canceled his appearance on "The View" because he didn\'t want to be interviewed by conservative host Elisabeth Hasselbeck (calling her "dangerous" and "offensive"), now doesn\'t want to answer questions about it all. Hey, when you start something, you have to finish it! And I used to like Barry\'s songs!More talk about O.J. Simpson too. His hearing happened today. He\'ll now be released from prison. No one could have predicted this story this week.What a refreshing breath of fresh air to have Winnie from the "Wonder Years" on the show today, Danica McKellar. She majored in math at UCLA and has now written a best-selling book to entice young girls that "Math Doesn\'t Suck" and that they should stick with it! As someone who was a math junkie as well, I agree with her. It\'s a great message: That it\'s OK to be sexy and smart. Danica ...', 'Winnie Cooper Making a Comeback: Who\'s the Hottest Former Child Star?Winnie Cooper, look at you now! The girl Kevin Arnold longed for on "The Wonder Years" is all gr...', "Oxford grad Hugh Grant ditched a potential career as an art history professor. David Duchovny abandoned his doctoral studies in English literature at Yale. That '70s...", 'A creative crew headed by Dave Thomas (former SCTV star and half of the Bob and Doug Mackenzie comedy team) has dared do what most of Hollywood would never even cons...', 'A creative crew headed by Dave Thomas (former SCTV star and half of the Bob and Doug Mackenzie comedy team) has dared do what most of Hollywood would never even cons...', 'Only Danica McKellar ( search ), the girl who played Winnie Cooper ( search ) on the beloved drama "The Wonder Years" ( search ) and a real-life math genius, could m...', 'Author and Actress  Danica McKellar  discusses her love of math and her books on math that help young people not only learn math but also even enjoy it.', "Actress and author  Danica McKellar  working to dispel America's fear of numbers"]