["From Danielle Staub  to Bethenny Frankel: The Winners and Losers of 'The Real Housewives'", 'with Scores, a New York City gentleman\'s club,  Danielle Staub  , a 48-year-old mother of two and former member and losers of "The Real Housewives." The Losers:  Danielle Staub , Teresa Giudice, Michaele Salahi Sure, the catfighting ', "with this month's launch of Social, a 26-episode series featuring former Real Housewives of New Jersey socialite  Danielle Staub  mingling with the rich and famous. The channel already has seen a rebound for advertising from travel operators ", 'take note: THE LOSERS: Teresa Giudice,  Danielle Staub , Michaele Salahi Teresa Giudice,  Danielle Staub , and Michaele Salahi. Sure, the catfighting get the best of her, telling castmate  Danielle Staub  , "You\'re a pig. Look at yourself ', 'Teresa Giudice came to blows with resident villain  Danielle Staub  , in a dramatic, heavily bleeped restaurant scene season if she was on. I wouldn\'t take a chance."  Danielle Staub  Threatens Other Jersey \'Housewives\' During the final ', 'It\'s possible that "The Real Housewives of New Jersey" star  Danielle Staub  could have put her intriguing past behind her if she had never become a reality show cast member. But now the Bravo television ', 'no apologies for their big homes, big hair or big attitudes. "You\'re either gonna love me or hate me," says  Danielle Staub , another housewife . "There\'s no in between with me." Watch the full story on "Nightline" tonight at 11 ', 'famous television moms. Below, get to know the cast members based on the TV characters they resemble.  Danielle Staub : Edie Britt  Danielle Staub : born diva, like "Desperate Housewives\'" recently departed vamp, Edie Britt . Staub\'s tagline ', "Controversial New Jersey housewives Danielle stop is out with a new tell all book. Book the naked truth the real story behind the real housewife of New Jersey in her own words. We're so happy to be joined by Danielle from real housewives of New Jersey. Welcome Daniel thanks for being here thank you", 'Danielle Staub , of "The Real Housewives of New Jersey," takes to the microphone.']