['ABC News Radio Announces a Live Town Hall with Robin Roberts "Race and Justice: A National Conversation"', 'com on Wednesday, March 28, 2012 at 7:00PM ET . Key participants include: Hill Harper is an actor known for his role on " CSI :  NY " and the author of several books including Letters to a Young Brother: MANifest your Destiny and Letters to a Young Sister ', 'a crowd of more than 500 younger supporters at the University of Illinois-Chicago, where R&B singer Janelle Monae and " CSI :  NY " star Hill Harper are featured guests. Tickets started at $44 for Gen 44 members and go up to $100 general admission, a ', 'Comedy Series 30 Rock Glee Hot in Cleveland Modern Family The Office STUNT ENSEMBLES FILM Green Zone Inception Robin Hood TV  CSI :  New York  Dexter Southland True Blood LIFE ACHIEVEMENT AWARD Ernest Borgnine Go to Oscar.com for Oscar coverage before, during and ', 'more single black women. On the other side were two men with an entirely different standpoint. Hill Harper is an actor on " CSI :  NY " and author of "The Conversation: How Black Men and Women Can Build Loving, Trusting, Relationships." Harper argued that ', 'VHI\'s "Let\'s Talk About Pep." Arguing that single black women need to look beyond stereotypes when finding a man will be " CSI :  NY " actor/writer Hill Harper and Jimi Izrael , author of The Denzel Principle . The tall task of moderating the fireworks required ', 'Harvey Who: Sherri Shepherd: Co-Host of ABC\'s "The View" Jacque Reid, VH1\'s "Let\'s Talk About Pep" Hill Harper,  CSI - NY  actor and author of "The Conversation" Jimi Izrael, NPR correspondent and author of "The Denzel Principle" When: April ', 'entertainment plants a seed that has value in ways a (PSA) doesn\'t. You\'re not beating someone over the head with it," says  CSI :  NY  \'s Hill Harper, whose character, medical examiner Sheldon Hawkes, has volunteered as a first-responder physician. Next ', 'Actress Melina Kanakaredes, who plays Detective Stella Bonasera on  CSI :  NY , wrote the May 13 episode of the CBS police drama. The second-generation Greek American who hails from Ohio shares her travel ', 'shows, such as Desperate Housewives and  CSI :  New York , with usually the previous four episodes Ugly Betty, Samantha Who?) and CBS ( CSI :  NY , Numb3rs), Disney (Hannah Montana new full TV episodes. Among them are  CSI :  NY  and Late Show With David Letterman (CBS ', 'September, USA Today reported Feb. 12. Cold Case Returns March 30 with five new episodes, according to CBS. Criminal Minds,  CSI :  NY  Both return April 2 with seven new episodes, according to CBS. CSI: Miami Returns March 24 with eight new episodes, according ', 'panelist. Everybody. Here to Atlanta right in front of the huge group of people we just drove in. our Hill Harper the star of  CSI New York  Angel and author of the conversation. Humility just. The problem. Is that 95% of black women are trying to the top 5 ', 'people we just drove in. -- our Hill Harper the star of CSI New York Angel and author of the conversation. Humility just. The problem. Is that 95% of black women are trying to -- the top ']