["do it off and she is about to return for season ten of  CSI Miami  and she. Is about to make a visit to her old stomping obviously we'll keep an for All My Children in September and  CSI Miami . September 25 huge success to you thanks and my agents ", 'it off and she is about to return for season ten of CSI Miami and she. Is about to make a visit to her old stomping grounds in pine valley on all my children and guess ', "obviously we'll keep an -- for All My Children in September and CSI Miami . September 25 huge success to you thanks and my agents don't much. That's a buzz we have for you today I'm Dan ", 'first round. That\'s what you need to do. Find out who this man is, what he\'s doing. You don\'t need to get " csi :  Miami " on him and go through all his facebook albums but if he\'s with pictures of a girl with a bikini. He\'s not serious ', 'who this man is, what he\'s doing. You don\'t need to get " csi : Miami " on him and go through all his facebook albums but if he\'s with pictures of a girl with a bikini. He\'s not ', "mother and want to. Thank governor has the details from Coral Gables man. Hey good morning George Willis is the real life  CSI Miami  mystery it's plot includes two murders blackmail jewel In a lot of intra family nastiness characters include. A voodoo ", "Coral Gables man. Hey good morning George Willis is the real life CSI Miami mystery it's plot includes two murders blackmail jewel -- In a lot of intra family nastiness characters include. A voodoo practicing former ", "little bit of a comic book geek but still has a lot to learn. And there's some bad news for actor adhesive Rihanna the  CSI Miami  actor has been dropped from the show and celebrated his 37 birthday on Wednesday. He only had ban on CSI for one year ", "to learn. And there's some bad news for actor adhesive Rihanna the CSI Miami actor has been dropped from the show -- -- and celebrated his 37 birthday on Wednesday. He only had ban on CSI ", "December. Normal college authority that out Jerry Bruckheimer produced sorcerer's apprentice and you are currently on  CSI Miami  also produced by Bruckheimer. What's it like working with him. It's great I actually have some. The interesting ", "that out Jerry Bruckheimer produced sorcerer's apprentice and you are currently on CSI Miami also produced by Bruckheimer. What's it like working with him. It's great I actually have some. The -- interesting photos of mr. ", 'Us justice saturation stated mobbed by law enforcement really a very dedicated quote end the media. Long before the  CSI Miami  seasonal TV shows long before Hollywood sexy. He was doing the work and explain to us and fish. Float was available ', 'enforcement really a very dedicated quote end the media. Long before the CSI Miami seasonal TV shows long before Hollywood -- sexy. He was doing the work and explain to us and -- -- -- fish. ', 'Well hot time in Long Beach, California neighborhood earlier this week. It was a blast was set up by the folks behind  CSI Miami  take a look at that now everyone who actually calls a at home. Was evacuated well before that stunt went off so there ', 'week. It was a blast was set up by the folks behind CSI Miami take a look at that now everyone who actually calls a -- at home. Was evacuated well before that stunt went off ', "dance background which I was so excited about that because. I wasn't looking for at a cancer may have been working and  CSI Miami  in doing so many other incredible acting things. And has been a big part of my life since I was four years old I've ", "I wasn't looking for at a cancer may have been working and CSI Miami in doing so many other incredible acting things. And -- has been a big part of my life since I was four "]