['Master" Denzel Washington, "Flight" Best Performance by an Actress in a Drama Connie Britton, "Nashville"  Glenn Close , " Damages " Claire Danes, "Homeland" Julianne Margalies, "The Good Wife" Michelle Dockery, "Downton Abbey" Best ', 'Cranston doesn\'t win." Lead Actress, Drama: Claire Danes Nominees are: Kathy Bates, "Harry\'s Law";  Glenn Close , " Damages "; Claire Danes, "Homeland"; Michelle Dockery, "Downton Abbey"; Julianna Margulies, "The Good Wife ', 'Game of Thrones" "Homeland" "Mad Men" Best Actress in a Drama Series Kathy Bates, "Harry\'s Law"  Glenn Close , " Damages " Claire Danes, "Homeland" Michelle Dockery, "Downton Abbey" Julianna Margulies, "The Good Wife" Elisabeth ', 'The Closer," " Damages " and "Breaking 11 on DirecTV. \' Damages \' It\'s the "beginning final season of " Damages " plainly puts it Ellen, played by  Rose Byrne , appears to have Hewes, played by  Glenn Close , were embroiled ', "here for full coverage of the 2012 Oscars 4.  Glenn Close : 'Albert Nobbs'  Glenn Close  was nominated for her sixth Oscar for her portrayal role as a high-powered lawyer for the show,  Damages , set in New York City. Its fifth and last season ", "Buscemi, Juliana Margulies,  Glenn Close , Alec Baldwin and Steve Carell Female Actor in a Leading Role  GLENN CLOSE  / Albert Nobbs - ALBERT NOBBS Korn - HARRY'S LAW (NBC)  GLENN CLOSE  / Patty Hewes -  DAMAGES  (DirecTV) JESSICA LANGE ", "Social Network TV Male Actor, TV Movie or Miniseries  John Goodman , You Don't Know Jack Al Pacino, You Don't Know Men Hugh Laurie, House Female Actor, Drama Series  Glenn Close ,  Damages  Mariska Hargitay, Law & Order: SVU Julianna Marguiles ", 'Lithgow beat out  Ted Danson \'s twisted entrepreneur in " Damages " and Gregory contenders.  Glenn Close  from " Damages " is up for Patty Hewes.  Rose Byrne , playing her well-trained monster. " Damages "\'s  Martin Short  shed all vestiges ', 'upset, however. Belloni wouldn\'t be surprised if "True Blood" star Anna Paquin won for best actress over  Glenn Close  from " Damages " and January Jones of "Mad Men." Expect a "shocker" in the best comedy category. Belloni predicts "Glee ', 'such a well done series."  Damages : 10 p.m. Monday, Jan people obsess over is FX\'s " Damages ." "I think  Glenn Close  is the most talented actress said, with the addition of  Martin Short  and  Campbell Scott  to the cast and Lily Tomlin ', 'by: Jim Belushi,  John Goodman , Tracy Morgan As the and "Roseanne" vet  John Goodman , both fit the role Kelsey Grammer,  Ted Danson , Barack Obama Finally Kelsey Grammer and " Damages " actor  Ted Danson  could strike the perfect ', 'years, actress  Glenn Close  has wowed audiences or diabetes."  Glenn Close , an Emmy, Golden in the series " Damages ," is also the bi-polar,"  Glenn Close  one that says medication,"  Glenn Close  said. "We need ', 'Lange for best actress in a movie for "Grey Gardens;"  Glenn Close  for best actress in a dramatic series for " Damages ;" Bryan Cranston for best actor in a dramatic series ', "won't every putt I mean that lets you  damages  his arm and then it made you are we're in my office. Salute you and  Glenn Close  on the set do you try to get your think Whitley should get that set  damages  and actually their country. Material ", "Person. Last time I checked we're in my office. Salute you and Glenn Close on the set do you try to get your actors or. We can't act can't you be going to grow I don't ", "Award winning actor  Ted Danson  has been a fixture on the small Malone. And now working with  Glenn Close  on  damages . But today He is here to talk acting I know it's opposite  Glenn Close  in  damages  are you enjoying the role ", 'Award winning actor Ted Danson has been a fixture on the small screen for decades first cheers as the lovable Sam Malone. And now working with Glenn Close on damages . But today He is here to talk about his work is a long time ocean advocate -- recently testified before congress on ', "a lighter note about your latest acting -- I know it's opposite Glenn Close in damages are you enjoying the role. Very much why what's so great about fitness -- is very relaxing to play the bad guy but but. May be trying to be funny is very difficult and I think comedy is true. Way harder for me please call which were so good at it when you -- Sam Malone on cheers. Thank you I appreciate. Maybe I'm just get lazy. I love what I'm doing right now I it's beautiful writing in the big task Glenn Close still -- They've assembling a great cast of actors in the writing is just wonderful -- enjoying playing the bad guy it's ", "winning actress  Glenn Close . She stars in the legal drama  damages  which wraps up after successful season at  damages  wrapping up tell phenomenal shows and  damages  as one of their you're welcome.  Glenn Close  and of course you ", "Are so pleased to be joined by -- award winning actress Glenn Close . She stars in the -- legal drama damages which wraps up after a successful season Tuesday night -- thank you so much for joining us. Well it's good news here and am very successful season at damages wrapping up tell us about how you got involved in this series. I think ended up on FX again because I did -- season with a shield and I had a fantastic time and I really respects. The agenda that SX has their leadership -- to tell. Kind of character based stories in the gray areas of life and they have come up with some phenomenal shows and damages as one of their newest ones and I was very intrigued by the care actor and challenged by it and I think ", "want to thank you so much for joining us today you're welcome. Glenn Close and of course you can check out this season finale. But damages on Tuesday October 23. ", "February 26 right here a joining us this morning. wonderful  Glenn Close  nominated for best actress for her brilliant role. As proud to be you are more than just a part of it. Levy and  damages  to outfit that's going great guns to get a stick with ", '26 right here -- a -- joining us this morning. -- wonderful Glenn Close nominated for best actress for her brilliant role. As the title character and Albert -- a story about a lonely woman living ', "And mad men. Finally. The nominees for lead actress in a drama series are -- kathy bates, harry's law.  Glenn close ,  damages . Claire danes, homeland. Michelle dockery, downton abbey. Julianna margulies, the good wife. And elizabeth ", "lead actress in a drama series are -- kathy bates, harry's law. Glenn close , damages . Claire danes, homeland. Michelle dockery, downton abbey. Julianna margulies, the good wife. And elizabeth moss, mad men. For lead actor in a ", "absolutely OK so now we're gonna go through the nominations for best actress in a drama series. said to the closer  Glenn Close  of  damages  Connie Britton of Friday Night Lights again. Julianna Margulies of the good wife. Mariska Hargitay and law and ", 'best actress in a drama series. -- said to -- the closer Glenn Close of damages Connie Britton of Friday Night Lights again. Julianna Margulies of the good wife. Mariska Hargitay and law and order special victims unit ', 'nominations in the drama series category are. Boston Legal.  Damages . Dexter. House. Lost. And mad man. Could it. The nominations for lead actress in a drama series are.  Glenn Close damages . Sally Field Brothers and sisters. Mariska Hargitay ', 'mile -- The nominations in the drama series category are. Boston Legal. Damages Dexter. House. Lost. And mad man. -- -- Could it. The nominations for lead actress in a drama series are. Glenn Close damages . Sally Field Brothers and sisters. Mariska Hargitay tape law and order special victims unit. Holly Hunter saving grace. And -- Sedgwick the ']