['wasn\'t a huge commercial success. Chasez found his groove in producing and writing for other artists, including  David Archuleta , Leona Lewis and even the Backstreet Boys. Chasez is currently a judge on MTV\'s "America\'s Best Dance Crew ', 'Gayle King 1954 Denzel Washington 1973 Seth Meyers 1978 John Legend 1981 Sienna Miller 1989 Mackenzie Rosman 1990  David Archuleta  Jump back to Dec. 27: Day in History . View more videos from This Month in History: December .', 'American Idol 2007 runner-up  David Archuleta  announced before a hometown crowd in Salt Lake City that he planned to take a break from music to serve a full-time, two-year ', 'After label Arista dropped him, Lewis recorded his sophomore effort, an electronica album for Tommy Boy Records.  David Archuleta  Archuleta was16 when he was runner-up to David Cook in the battle of the Davids in season seven, so the jury is ', 'Poor, poor Paula Abdul . Her time with " American Idol " has been over for barely 24 hours and the media could not wait to move on. The big announcement that Posh Spice will be making a guest-judge appearance is completely overshadowing the sadness of the Abdul-"Idol" split . I can\'t help but give', 'But neither the performance nor the song were standouts, although his popularity should allow him to skate by.  David Archuleta  also ventured outside the American hit parade to dig up Robbie Williams\' "Angels," an enormous hit everywhere ', 'by Kristy Lee Cook and a misguided "I Saw Her Standing There" by David Hernandez. Surprisingly, front-runner  David Archuleta  stumbled (and forgot lyrics) on "We Can Work It Out," perhaps delaying his instant coronation. Tonight (Fox ', 'David Archuleta , who began singing around age 7, comes from a family of musicians. His father is a trumpeter; his mother is a vocalist and ', 'force themselves when they have laryngitis and unfortunately this is what results," he said. Sparks\' Not Alone  David Archuleta , one of this year\'s "American Idol" front-runners, belted "Think of Me" during Tuesday night\'s show ', '"American Idol" runner-up  David Archuleta \'s debut album comes out today; "American Idol" champ David Cook\'s debut album arrives Nov. 18. While the two are such ', 'The latest resident of the recession-era bargain bin: a private island in Fiji. Paul De Domenico, a former food industry executive who\'d been asking $35 million for his 800-acre slice of paradise, is lowering his price by nearly 20%. "The good old days are over," says De Domenico, 74. "I\'m at the', "music sales with a live tour and a product sponsorship deal with sneaker maker Skechers. Cook's final competitor,  David Archuleta , has also enjoyed a remarkably lucrative year since making it to the Idol finals. Archuleta made an estimated ", "quality of concert-hall catering. She sits down with  David Archuleta , who's poking at his soup and sandwich. Dad Jeff But, ultimately, this tour isn't about me or  David  ( Archuleta ) or Mike, it's about saying thank you to all these ", "American Idol runner up  David Archuleta  shocked his hometown fans by he's putting his singing career on hold. To go on to your Mormon mission twenty broke down in tears ", "American Idol runner up David Archuleta shocked his hometown fans by -- he's putting his singing career on hold. To go on to your Mormon mission twenty -- ", 'Idol runner up  David Archuleta  has been immortalized in eat corn. Is likeness was carved into a twelve acre maze and you tell with the caption are cool except for president.', 'Idol runner up David Archuleta has been immortalized in eat corn. Is likeness was carved into a twelve acre maze and you tell with the caption are ', "That we  David Archuleta  we can tell David Cook of course constituency. Seventeen year old  David Archuleta  isn't exactly Prentice. We'll fairy tale I've ever This week  David Archuleta  dad channeled his inner Bubba but ", "That we David Archuleta we can tell David Cook of course -- the other contender in American Idol. And so yes isn't -- to tell us ", "charismatic candidates. According -- text messaging Hannah Montana constituency. Seventeen year old David Archuleta isn't exactly Prentice. We'll carry out two of the 25 year old -- David would have what it takes to Rock the ", "whole thing is the biggest fairy tale I've ever -- This week David Archuleta dad channeled his inner Bubba but his overzealous support got him banned from backstage sometimes -- family members had the experience and ", "talk obviously in the news about  David Archuleta  is dad Jeff is what is like behind Yeah and he's a nice man that  David Archuleta  is young he's only seventeen the spot here so David Cook vs  David Archuleta  tell us your predictions. you ", "just. Evidence there's a lot of talk obviously in the news about David Archuleta is dad Jeff is what is -- like behind this it's -- you can tell. Susan nice guy I ask you about that late yesterday or whenever I got 2000 as easily. This is banned from text into something those like. And is never thought. I don't know under sunny reasons revealing. Yeah and he's a nice man that David Archuleta is young he's only seventeen years -- -- stand -- there was helping him out a lot. Did you feel that He ", "night. -- -- navigable on the spot here so David Cook vs David Archuleta tell us your predictions. -- you know I always make predictions ever read the venom this one's really like related costs that ", "a tough one because. And I originally like we don't vote like David Archuleta was is this just -- and oil and you know these boards with a -- far ahead of a moment. The troops being -- him over the last -- -- -- five minutes as hot as ever I don't know who's gonna win are really done. Yet David Archuleta definitely seems to have a huge fan base. Yeah that's that's probably -- -- that's what's good yeah. I get there you'll ", 'performance in David Cook and  David Archuleta . What you think about their him out fight and you know what  David Archuleta  really brought it David Cook sway voters the judges loved it  David Archuleta  last night. And He elects to ', "the night of course was the last performance in David Cook and David Archuleta . What you think about their performances last night on American -- Interesting night to say the least I think I was a little bit disappointed because they -- billion as as. Being knock down drag him out fight and you know what David Archuleta really brought it David Cook who is definitely my favorite He had my heart. It didn't bring his a game last -- I don't think it led the -- that everybody was expecting. One other judges seem to have made up their mind how much do you think that that would sway voters the judges loved it David Archuleta last night. And He elects to -- give the better performing you know I think that David Cook summed it up when ", "so much still here's what I think that I predict that probably David Archuleta with his very smart song choices last night. Will win the competition. That's if you have a hard time later on. Even ", "a lot of people believe that  David Archuleta  was could win based on his performance American Idol was an afterthought  David Archuleta  the it was to do this if you cook. Could sing anything that  David Archuleta  could say I don't think  David", 'of people believe David Cook but a lot of people believe that David Archuleta was could win based on his performance Tuesday night. And -- on the overwhelmed. Me. Effusive -- shown to him by the ', "interesting battle because you had David Cook. American Idol was an afterthought David Archuleta the -- it was -- to do this if you go to YouTube you can see clips of him. On Star Search so it was almost maybe we were sensing some desperation on his part where David Cook. Such a good story. After thought American Idol his brother sick. May be dying very emotional on stage seemingly a really nice guy and the other thing I think that the cook. Could sing anything that David Archuleta could say I don't think David Archuleta can -- anything that David. -- -- -- -- Analysis -- interesting point -- now I'm running at a time but I've ", "to watch a hometown person speaking of course about  David Archuleta . Written for him on the I know him he's the flash top three I think it's exactly who should be David  David Archuleta  and sights set. And its people keep asking you what ", "interesting of course to watch a hometown person speaking of course about David Archuleta . Written for him on the -- I know him he's the flash flood watch me when I was on American Idol because it saved seed coats dean -- So we knew each other before -- -- and everyone here any -- -- so supportive of him and he's coming home today seller. Really excited to -- here and in line but. I think that that the competition is really tough now that they're down at the top three I think it's -- exactly who should be David David Archuleta and sights set. And its people keep asking you what you think's gonna win it honestly they're so different and so talented "]