['Li Na topped Francesca Schiavone in the featured first-round match Sunday at the China Open, while Sara Errani was forced to withdraw because of a thigh injury.The s...', "Urszula Radwanska of Poland, younger sister of No. 3-ranked Agnieszka Radwanska, capitalized on her opponent's wayward serve Monday to reach the second round of the ...", "Italy's Karin Knapp took down top- seeded Monica Niculescu in Tuesday's first-round action at the Tashkent Open.Knapp beat the Romanian Niculescu by a 2-6, 6-3, 7-5 ...", 'Urszula Radwanska defeated Vitalia Diatchenko of Russia 6-2, 6-2 to reach the quarterfinals of the Tashkent Open on Wednesday.Radwanska, the younger sister of third-...', 'Second seed Urszula Radwanska was an easy second-round winner, while third-seeded Alize Cornet lost Wednesday at the $220,000 Tashkent Open.The Polish Radwanska, the...', 'Urszula Radwanska rallied past Alexandra Panova on Thursday and became the lone seeded player to earn a spot in the semifinals of the Tashkent Open.The second-seeded...', 'Top seed and defending champion Victoria Azarenka was on the ropes in her third-round match at the Australian Open, but she overcame American Jamie Hampton in three ...', 'Wimbledon runner-up Agnieszka Radwanska and sixth-seeded German Angelique Kerber were easy opening-round winners Tuesday at the 2012 U.S. Open.The second-seeded Radw...', 'Wimbledon runner-up Agnieszka Radwanska, sixth-seeded German Angelique Kerber and two-time champion Venus Williams were easy opening-round winners Tuesday at the U.S...', 'Wimbledon winner Serena Williams and runner-up Agnieszka Radwanska along with Venus Williams were easy opening- round winners Tuesday at the U.S. Open.The former No....', 'Former world No. 1 Ana Ivanovic was an easy second-round winner Thursday at the 2012 U.S. Open.The 12th seed from Serbia blew past Swedish veteran Sofia Arvidsson 6-...', 'Wimbledon runner-up Agnieszka Radwanska fought her way into the third round at the 2012 U.S. Open on Thursday.The second-seeded Pole dropped the first set before com...', 'Serena Williams and Agnieszka Radwanska posted second-round victories at the 2012 U.S. Open on Thursday.The former No. 1 Williams, a three-time champ and two-time U....', 'Serena Williams, and Agnieszka Radwanska posted second-round victories at the 2012 U.S. Open on Thursday, but two-time champion Venus Williams was sent packing.Venus...', 'Second-seeded Jelena Jankovic and third- seeded Roberta Vinci were among the second-round winners Tuesday at the $220,000 Texas Open, a final U.S. Open tune-up.Serbi...', 'Second-seeded Jelena Jankovic advanced to the Texas Open semifinals Thursday night, beating eighth-seeded Sorana Cirstea 6-2, 6-1 in the hard-court tournament.Jankov...', "Second-seeded Jelena Jankovic and third- seeded Roberta Vinci were quarterfinal winners Wednesday at the $220,000 Texas Open, a final U.S. Open tune-up.Serbia's Jank...", 'La estadounidense Davis elimina a 2da favorita en Hobart y la rusa Vesnina a la 4ta', 'Fourth-seeded Yanina Wickmayer of Belgium was a first-round winner Sunday at the $220,000 Texas Open, a final U.S. Open tune- up.Wickmayer beat Heather Watson of Gre...']