['Aisha Tyler plays it cool when she realizes she almost announced the winner to a different award.', "finally, the envelope please, scotty. This is crazy. Thank you, sir. That's right, the host of the 40th annual  daytime emmy awards , drum roll, please -- it's true. Sam. Sam champion! Breaking news, sam. Co-host the special anniversary show ", "crazy. Thank you, sir. That's right, the host of the 40th annual daytime emmy awards , drum roll, please -- it's true. Sam. Sam champion! Breaking news, sam. Co-host the special anniversary show, the theme will be past, ", "brand-new baby girl. Mom and pop. The wrong vessel at the  daytime emmys . The latest on valerie harper's health. Larry hackett co-hosts along with robin meade and a.J. Hammer on the  daytime emmys . There was a moment -- we'll get to you in a moment ", 'kanye\'s brand-new baby girl. Mom and pop. The wrong vessel at the daytime emmys . The latest on valerie harper\'s health. Larry hackett from "people" magazine. We will see the cover of your fine magazine. Thank you. ', "of the co-hosts along with robin meade and a.J. Hammer on the daytime emmys . There was a moment -- we'll get to you in a moment, sam. I know you have a lot to talk about ", 'All will be right with the world. Sam champion tell everybody what you\'re hosting, by the way. What is that, the  daytime emmys  coming up. Hey, also in "pop news," put on your cardigan, tie up your sneaks, a new mr. Rogers autotune burning up ', 'tell everybody what you\'re hosting, by the way. What is that, the daytime emmys coming up. Hey, also in "pop news," put on your cardigan, tie up your sneaks, a new mr. Rogers autotune burning up ', 'some people who have to go hang out and some people like single GA champion. By the way. Did just announce the host of the  daytime Emmys  on HL coming sixty. Are downing champ Bob with for the first named storm of the Atlantic hurricane season and so. I am ', 'GA champion. By the way. Did just announce the host of the daytime Emmys on HL -- coming sixty. Are downing champ Bob with for the first named storm of the Atlantic hurricane season and so. ', "report official announcement will be joining is expected to come on tonight  daytime Emmy Awards  broadcast. On the O'Donnell is very familiar with the 16  daytime Emmys  as best talk show host. If the friendship between Heather Locklear and Denise ", "announcement will be joining -- -- is expected to come on tonight daytime Emmy Awards broadcast. On the O'Donnell is very familiar with the -- 16 daytime Emmys as best talk show host. If the friendship between Heather Locklear and Denise Richards wasn't over yet it sure is now Star ", "wanna go through some of the things. That this woman has been nominated for and in her ten seasons she has won at thirty  daytime Emmy Awards . Twelve People's Choice Awards. She was just recently given the teen choice award for choice comedian fourth consecutive ", "for and -- in her ten seasons she has won at thirty daytime Emmy Awards . Twelve People's Choice Awards. She was just recently given the teen choice award for choice comedian fourth consecutive -- -- your -- "]