["cultural that rarely appear or speak in public these. And we'd on this occasion and documentary filmmaker was wrongly as  David Cook  appeared before Tea Party leaders agents spoke of American values the the American dream. Of free enterprise. Capitalism ", "And we'd -- on this occasion and documentary filmmaker was wrongly as David Cook appeared before Tea Party leaders agents spoke of American values the the American dream. Of free enterprise. Capitalism. Is alive and well. ", 'are unselfish. I have never met. A more confident more intelligent and more tolerant more compassionate being. meets  David Cook  has testified at least cabbage ordered his secretary to slapper flooded it is because. You know he was displeased about ', 'confident -- more intelligent and more tolerant more compassionate being. -- meets David Cook has testified at least cabbage ordered his secretary to slapper flooded -- it is because. You know he was displeased about how ', 'The winner. By twelve million votes Dave yeah.  David Cook  became instant rock royalty whose amazing thank you album in history. what you make of it after the show  David Cook  is poised to have. Carrie Underwood or Kelly Clarkson ', 'The winner. By twelve million votes -- Dave yeah. -- -- David Cook became instant rock royalty whose amazing thank you. It was a night of David and David -- Dancing. But the spotlight was ', 'album in history. -- what you make of it after the show David Cook is poised to have. Carrie Underwood or Kelly Clarkson level of success and honor He -- to his brother Lovett forced him ', 'win I think a lot of people believe  David Cook  but a lot of people believe that producers. Knew what kind of numbers  David Cook  was getting and maybe they have a interesting battle because you had  David Cook . American Idol was an afterthought ', 'that David was gonna win I think a lot of people believe David Cook but a lot of people believe that David Archuleta was could win based on his performance Tuesday night. And -- on the overwhelmed. Me. Effusive -- shown to him by the judges now. There could be -- conspiracy afoot here I think the American Idol producers. Knew what kind of numbers David Cook was getting and maybe they have a -- with the judges and said. It seemed like Archuleta is doing better -- we ', 'like him either. This was it an interesting battle because you had David Cook . American Idol was an afterthought David Archuleta the -- it was -- to do this if you go to YouTube you can see clips of him. On Star Search so it was almost maybe we were sensing some desperation on his part where David Cook . Such a good story. After thought American Idol his brother sick. May be dying very emotional on stage seemingly a really nice ', "the night for me. Simon -- -- issued -- uncharacteristic. Apology. To David Cook for coming out so hard on him during Tuesday's final performance what happened there were you surprised. This skeptic I am. I ", 'course was the last performance in  David Cook  and David Archuleta. What you think David Archuleta really brought it  David Cook  who is definitely my favorite He performing you know I think that  David Cook  summed it up when He said. You know ', "big news of the night of course was the last performance in David Cook and David Archuleta. What you think about their performances last night on American -- Interesting night to say the least I think I was a little bit disappointed because they -- billion as as. Being knock down drag him out fight and you know what David Archuleta really brought it David Cook who is definitely my favorite He had my heart. It didn't bring his a game last -- I don't think it led the -- that everybody was expecting. One other judges seem to have made up their mind how much do you think that that would sway voters the judges loved it David Archuleta last night. And He elects to -- give the better performing you know I think that David Cook summed it up when He said. You know what I'm just in the for the fund's managing the competition is over you know what buddy the competition is not over tonight it didn't -- That's that I -- people are either firmly entrenched in. Can't cook or can't Archuleta. And I think that it's really -- need the damn votes and you know whether or not the judge's comments are really going to rile up the David Cook and get them develop even Mark -- Art and now I ask you capping Michelle was Ruben Studdard the first male idol ", 'That we David Archuleta we can tell  David Cook  of course the other contender in American Idol. And old David would have what it takes to Rock the Vote.  David Cook  at present enough. Difference or change. He may not ', "That we David Archuleta we can tell David Cook of course -- the other contender in American Idol. And so yes isn't -- to tell us about. The contest there and ", 'old -- David would have what it takes to Rock the Vote. David Cook at present enough. Difference or change. He may not appeal to the electorate but perhaps American Idol viewers they want that safety ', "winner of Fox's. American Idol  David Cook  was the the rocker who came out on which notable musicians of which  David Cook  is certainly one. Former bartender about their musical influences are  David Cook  Cynthia Nixon Jake Tapper all tonight ", "going to be looking at the the winner of Fox's. American Idol David Cook was the the rocker who came out on top last week. When American Idol concluded its seventh season and we have a program here and -- -- that we call playlist in which notable musicians of which David Cook is certainly one. Former bartender. Sit down and talked with about their musical influences are -- David Cook Cynthia Nixon Jake Tapper all -- tonight on our Friday -- Nightline last day of may. -- -- -- -- -- -- ", "premiere happened this week but the news for idol alumni was decidedly mixed. First came word that last year's winner  David Cook  had split up with his girlfriend of several months season two contestant Kimberly Caldwell so. News cougars he's back ", "idol alumni was decidedly mixed. First came word that last year's winner David Cook had split up with his girlfriend of several months season two contestant Kimberly Caldwell so. News cougars he's back on the market. ", "entertainment business. If they'd like when it's just pursue it I mean these people are already getting calls and  David Cook  got a call from an artist. him for singing his song on the snow and people wanting to work with these contestants already ", 'just pursue it I mean these people are already getting calls and David Cook got a call from an artist. -- him for singing his song on the snow and people wanting to work with these ', "did tell their parents nightly come and watch the girls you know they want to do night. navigable on the spot here so  David Cook  vs David Archuleta tell us your predictions. you know I always make predictions ever read the venom this one's really ", "to do -- night. -- -- navigable on the spot here so David Cook vs David Archuleta tell us your predictions. -- you know I always make predictions ever read the venom this one's really like ", "own dance moves and interest in gadget but maybe even pricey at 400 dollars. American Idol fans didn't just vote for  David Cook  on the show they're also voting for him. With their wallets wrapped up 942000. Digital downloads in just one week ", "even pricey at 400 dollars. American Idol fans didn't just vote for David Cook on the show they're also voting for him. With their wallets -- wrapped up 942000. Digital downloads in just one week. That's ", "of her ex husband soon to be it has affairs and secret payoffs are now coming out and the testimony was so emotional.  David Cook  broke down in tears the soon to be ex husband daughter took the stand and Altria has been following this and has Morgan's ", 'secret payoffs are now coming out and the testimony was so emotional. David Cook broke down in tears the soon to be ex husband -- daughter took the stand and -- Altria has been following this ', 'Nancy McGee was dead. And now investigators are trying to figure out what went wrong according to reports a supervisor  David Cook . Is a man who has been reprimanded for sleeping on the job. And after Nancy McGee died he reportedly said another one ', 'trying to figure out what went wrong according to reports a supervisor David Cook . Is a man who has been reprimanded for sleeping on the job. And after Nancy McGee died he reportedly said another one ']