['shareholders meeting. It\'s become a tradition for "Idol" winners to appear at the event: Taylor Hicks, Jordin Sparks,  David Cook , Kris Allen, Lee DeWyze and Scotty McCreery all sang at the meeting in the years they won the competition.', 'Idol pundits call the "White guy with a guitar" or "WGWG" factor. According to Rushfield, since America crowned  David Cook , Kris Allen, Lee DeWyze and Scotty McCreery, there\'s no reason why they won\'t do it again, which means a Phil ', "Former 'American Idol' Contestants Hollie Cavanagh, David Cook  Compare Final Three's Strengths", 'there. I mean, she\'s gonna be huge regardless of whether she wins or not." "American Idol" season seven champ  David Cook  also has high praise for this year\'s final three. He calls Phillip "probably one of the more unique contestants this ', "'American Idol' Recap: Hollie Cavanagh Eliminated; Phillip Phillips, Joshua Ledet and Jessica Sanchez Remain", 'show got a ticket to one of the concerts on this summer\'s Idol tour. Tickets go on sale Friday. Season seven winner  David Cook  sang his new song, "The Last Song I\'ll Write for You" on Thursday\'s results show. Jennifer Lopez left her spot ', "'American Idol' Recap: Joshua Ledet, Jessica Sanchez, Hollie Cavanagh and Phillip Phillips Sing California Tunes", "experience and vocal chops to pull it off, but he was impressed. The top three contestants will be revealed on Thursday night's results show at 8:00 Eastern on Fox. 'Idol' alum  David Cook  and judge Jennifer Lopez are also set to perform.", 'American Idol" season as Randy Jackson saying "Yo, dawg." Casey Abrams, Crystal Bowersox, Lauren Alaina and  David Cook  are just a few of the contestants who\'ve had health crises during the competition.', 'Script, showing off a very strong and distinctive voice. Colton tried out on the spur of the moment with Idol champ  David Cook \'s song "Permanent." The judges thought they\'d both grown since last year, and Schyler and Colton are both going ', 'Republican leader on Dec. 20, 2002, but remained in the Senate until 2007. Famous Birthdays 1957 Billy Bragg 1982  David Cook  1982 David Wright 1983 Jonah Hill Jump back to Dec. 19: Day in History . View more videos from This Month in History ', 'up to him." The singer rose to fame as one of the youngest-ever contestants on American Idol and came in second to  David Cook . Archuleta has since released three albums. The church operates 350 missions around the world, according to its website ', 'was 15 years old. New to Montgomery High School in Skillman, N.J., Cook and her then 16-year-old brother,  David Cook , were faced with the daunting task of making new friends in a new school. "[We] thought that our existing yearbook ', 'seen exiting a restaurant arm-in-arm, but both have denied rumors of a relationship.  David Cook  and Kimberly Caldwell Season seven champion  David Cook  began dating season two contestant Kimberly Caldwell soon after he was crowned winner. Cook ', "of the show's audience. It also doesn't hurt, Mansfield said, that he looks most like the past three winners,  David Cook , Kris Allen and Lee DeWyze. The Glamberts' Revenge: James Durbin There's no doubt that Durbin, the Santa Cruz ", 'success of all the "Idol" winners. Season seven winner  David Cook  hasn\'t done so bad himself. With 11 songs appearing Archuleta Archuleta was16 when he was runner-up to  David Cook  in the battle of the Davids in season seven, so the ', "that's reciprocated with the And you certainly have a bunch of enthusiastic and dedicated fans and I mean they love  David Cook . That is think about you that they might not know. they're pretty good they're ready and they get in and it might ", "bunch of enthusiastic and dedicated fans and I mean they love -- David Cook . That is -- think about you that they might not know. -- -- they're pretty good they're ready and they get in ", "cultural that rarely appear or speak in public these. And we'd on this occasion and documentary filmmaker was wrongly as  David Cook  appeared before Tea Party leaders agents spoke of American values the the American dream. Of free enterprise. Capitalism ", "And we'd -- on this occasion and documentary filmmaker was wrongly as David Cook appeared before Tea Party leaders agents spoke of American values the the American dream. Of free enterprise. Capitalism. Is alive and well. ", 'are unselfish. I have never met. A more confident more intelligent and more tolerant more compassionate being. meets  David Cook  has testified at least cabbage ordered his secretary to slapper flooded it is because. You know he was displeased about ', 'confident -- more intelligent and more tolerant more compassionate being. -- meets David Cook has testified at least cabbage ordered his secretary to slapper flooded -- it is because. You know he was displeased about how ', 'The winner. By twelve million votes Dave yeah.  David Cook  became instant rock royalty whose amazing thank you album in history. what you make of it after the show  David Cook  is poised to have. Carrie Underwood or Kelly Clarkson ', 'The winner. By twelve million votes -- Dave yeah. -- -- David Cook became instant rock royalty whose amazing thank you. It was a night of David and David -- Dancing. But the spotlight was ', 'album in history. -- what you make of it after the show David Cook is poised to have. Carrie Underwood or Kelly Clarkson level of success and honor He -- to his brother Lovett forced him ', 'win I think a lot of people believe  David Cook  but a lot of people believe that producers. Knew what kind of numbers  David Cook  was getting and maybe they have a interesting battle because you had  David Cook . American Idol was an afterthought ', 'that David was gonna win I think a lot of people believe David Cook but a lot of people believe that David Archuleta was could win based on his performance Tuesday night. And -- on the overwhelmed. Me. Effusive -- shown to him by the judges now. There could be -- conspiracy afoot here I think the American Idol producers. Knew what kind of numbers David Cook was getting and maybe they have a -- with the judges and said. It seemed like Archuleta is doing better -- we ', 'like him either. This was it an interesting battle because you had David Cook . American Idol was an afterthought David Archuleta the -- it was -- to do this if you go to YouTube you can see clips of him. On Star Search so it was almost maybe we were sensing some desperation on his part where David Cook . Such a good story. After thought American Idol his brother sick. May be dying very emotional on stage seemingly a really nice ', "the night for me. Simon -- -- issued -- uncharacteristic. Apology. To David Cook for coming out so hard on him during Tuesday's final performance what happened there were you surprised. This skeptic I am. I ", 'course was the last performance in  David Cook  and David Archuleta. What you think David Archuleta really brought it  David Cook  who is definitely my favorite He performing you know I think that  David Cook  summed it up when He said. You know ', "big news of the night of course was the last performance in David Cook and David Archuleta. What you think about their performances last night on American -- Interesting night to say the least I think I was a little bit disappointed because they -- billion as as. Being knock down drag him out fight and you know what David Archuleta really brought it David Cook who is definitely my favorite He had my heart. It didn't bring his a game last -- I don't think it led the -- that everybody was expecting. One other judges seem to have made up their mind how much do you think that that would sway voters the judges loved it David Archuleta last night. And He elects to -- give the better performing you know I think that David Cook summed it up when He said. You know what I'm just in the for the fund's managing the competition is over you know what buddy the competition is not over tonight it didn't -- That's that I -- people are either firmly entrenched in. Can't cook or can't Archuleta. And I think that it's really -- need the damn votes and you know whether or not the judge's comments are really going to rile up the David Cook and get them develop even Mark -- Art and now I ask you capping Michelle was Ruben Studdard the first male idol "]