['responded, "Can\'t believe it! It\'s so crazy!" Kardashian matriarch Kris Jenner appeared on the red carpet during the  Daytime Emmys  Sunday night, telling reporters her newest granddaughter is "doing great." "We\'re all fine. We\'re all good and ', 'Saturday . "She\'s doing great and she\'s beautiful," Kris Jenner, the Kardashian matriarch, 57, told HLN Sunday night at the  Daytime Emmys  . "We\'re all fine. We\'re all good and extremely happy and thrilled for the new baby."', 'footsteps. "She\'s doing great and she\'s beautiful," the Kardashian matriarch, 57, told HLN on Sunday night at the  Daytime Emmys  . "We\'re all fine. We\'re all good and extremely happy and thrilled for the new baby." Relive Kim Kardashian\'s Best ', 'Two bodies were discovered at the Beverly Hilton hotel today in an apparent murder-suicide, just hours before the  Daytime Emmy Awards  ceremony, which is being held at the iconic hotel. Police responded to a report of a shooting at the hotel late Friday ', 'The Martha Stewart Show," would be canceled after the current season. Her syndicated show, which has received two  daytime Emmy awards , first debuted in 2005 and the Hallmark Channel has aired it since 2010. Stewart\'s company, which describes itself ', 'I\'ve done with my mission to help the widows," she said. After her husband\'s death, Craig went on to win three  daytime Emmy Awards  for her work on the Court TV programs. "When you do have intense adversity you can still prevail and you can move forward ', 'The total number of items selected as "Oprah\'s Favorite Things": 283. Winfrey and her show have won a total of 48  daytime Emmys . In 25 years, about 1.3 million people have been in the studio audience for her show. For the final season, about 1 ', "Maria Shriver Appears at Oprah Winfrey's Star-Studded Farewell Surprise Show Taping", 'The total number of items selected as "Oprah\'s Favorite Things": 283. Winfrey and her show have won a total of 48  daytime Emmys . In 25 years, about 1.3 million people have been in the studio audience for her show. For the final season, about 1 ', 'turf for the comedian: her last solo talk show, "The Rosie O\'Donnell Show," ran from 1996 to 2002 and won a slew of  daytime Emmys . But her more recent stint on daytime television was marked by squabbles, not statues. Chairing the coffee table of ', "Oprah Winfrey's OWN Cast of Characters: Rosie O'Donnell, Gayle King, Julia Roberts and More", 'turf for the comedian: her last solo talk show, "The Rosie O\'Donnell Show," ran from 1996 to 2002 and won a slew of  daytime Emmys . But her more recent stint on daytime television was marked by squabbles, not statues. Chairing the coffee table of ', 'O\'Donnell Show," ran from 1996 to 2002 and won a slew of  daytime Emmys . But her more recent stint on daytime television was marked launching "The Tyra Banks Show" in 2005 and winning two  daytime Emmys  with it. In December, she announced she\'s cutting the ', 'broadcast live from a moving train when "GMA" hit the rails as part of ABC News\' "50 States in 50 Days" initiative. "Good Morning America" was honored with  Daytime Emmy Awards  for Outstanding Morning Program in 2007, 2008 and 2009.', "Diane, Robin, Chris and Sam Lead 'GMA' for Third Consecutive Daytime Emmy Win for Best Morning Program", 'sam, again, it was a night not to be forgotten at the  daytime emmys  and you were rolling on all of it, my friend. What do you four decades in the making. Thank you for being here. The  daytime emmys  turn 40 years old or as I like to tell my agents and my friends ', "sam, again, it was a night not to be forgotten at the daytime emmys and you were rolling on all of it, my friend. What do you have? Wow, josh, daytime emmy, daytime television's biggest night. ", "celebration four decades in the making. Thank you for being here. The daytime emmys turn 40 years old or as I like to tell my agents and my friends, 29. Some of tv's biggest names on ", "finally, the envelope please, scotty. This is crazy. Thank you, sir. That's right, the host of the 40th annual  daytime emmy awards , drum roll, please -- it's true. Sam. Sam champion! Breaking news, sam. Co-host the special anniversary show ", "crazy. Thank you, sir. That's right, the host of the 40th annual daytime emmy awards , drum roll, please -- it's true. Sam. Sam champion! Breaking news, sam. Co-host the special anniversary show, the theme will be past, ", "brand-new baby girl. Mom and pop. The wrong vessel at the  daytime emmys . The latest on valerie harper's health. Larry hackett co-hosts along with robin meade and a.J. Hammer on the  daytime emmys . There was a moment -- we'll get to you in a moment ", 'kanye\'s brand-new baby girl. Mom and pop. The wrong vessel at the daytime emmys . The latest on valerie harper\'s health. Larry hackett from "people" magazine. We will see the cover of your fine magazine. Thank you. ', "of the co-hosts along with robin meade and a.J. Hammer on the daytime emmys . There was a moment -- we'll get to you in a moment, sam. I know you have a lot to talk about ", 'All will be right with the world. Sam champion tell everybody what you\'re hosting, by the way. What is that, the  daytime emmys  coming up. Hey, also in "pop news," put on your cardigan, tie up your sneaks, a new mr. Rogers autotune burning up ', 'tell everybody what you\'re hosting, by the way. What is that, the daytime emmys coming up. Hey, also in "pop news," put on your cardigan, tie up your sneaks, a new mr. Rogers autotune burning up ', 'some people who have to go hang out and some people like single GA champion. By the way. Did just announce the host of the  daytime Emmys  on HL coming sixty. Are downing champ Bob with for the first named storm of the Atlantic hurricane season and so. I am ', 'GA champion. By the way. Did just announce the host of the daytime Emmys on HL -- coming sixty. Are downing champ Bob with for the first named storm of the Atlantic hurricane season and so. ', "report official announcement will be joining is expected to come on tonight  daytime Emmy Awards  broadcast. On the O'Donnell is very familiar with the 16  daytime Emmys  as best talk show host. If the friendship between Heather Locklear and Denise ", "announcement will be joining -- -- is expected to come on tonight daytime Emmy Awards broadcast. On the O'Donnell is very familiar with the -- 16 daytime Emmys as best talk show host. If the friendship between Heather Locklear and Denise Richards wasn't over yet it sure is now Star ", "wanna go through some of the things. That this woman has been nominated for and in her ten seasons she has won at thirty  daytime Emmy Awards . Twelve People's Choice Awards. She was just recently given the teen choice award for choice comedian fourth consecutive ", "for and -- in her ten seasons she has won at thirty daytime Emmy Awards . Twelve People's Choice Awards. She was just recently given the teen choice award for choice comedian fourth consecutive -- -- your -- "]