['Luke Bryan Shocks with Academy Of Country Music Awards Entertainer of the Year Win', 'Delivered (I\'m Yours)," joined by Shelton and Bryan. -A tearful McIntyre introduced a special tribute to the late  Dick Clark  - whose production company first brought the ACM Awards to TV - starring George Strait and Garth Brooks, together for ', 'told MTV News his performance of "Gangnam Style" on " Dick Clark \'s New Year\'s Rockin\' Eve" could be his last and I\'m not saying [\'Gangnam\'] is ending on \' Dick Clark \' - I still have a lot of invitations to perform it ', 'montage of Whitney Houston wins. In addition, Ryan Seacrest introduced a tribute to the late  Dick Clark , creator of the American Music Awards. " Dick Clark  loved the power of music and its ability to create pure joy," he told the audience, before ', 'fired at once, a problem of "saturation," said former White House counterterrorism adviser and ABC News consultant  Dick Clark . Israel, therefore, plans to target the rocket stockpiles rather than continue to shoot down individual missiles ', 'Theatre L.A. on ABC at 8 p.m. ET. The evening will include a tribute by Stevie Wonder and Ryan Seacrest to the late  Dick Clark , who created the AMAs four decades ago, as well as performances by more than a dozen stars. Among them: Kelly Clarkson ', 'broadcast day with news. The moves are timed to take advantage of the built in promotional platforms provided by ABC\'s " Dick Clark \'s New Year\'s Rockin\' Eve with Ryan Seacrest" and ESPN\'s Bowl Championship Series, which culminates with the ', 'performed at the Nobel Peace Prize Concert in Oslo, Norway, honoring Obama. The president also mourned the passing of  Dick Clark  back in April . But he kept mum about the deaths of Michael Jackson, Whitney Houston and Beastie Boy MCA (Adam Yauch ', "'Dancing With the Stars': Melissa Gilbert and Roshon Fegan Voted Off in Week 8 of Season 14", 'for a second chance. Tonight\'s show featured a live performance from Chris Brown, and a dance tribute to the late  Dick Clark . It also saw the return of "DanceCenter" - the popular parody of the ESPN\'s "SportsCenter." "DanceCenter" features ', 'Reba," which starred her good friend Reba McEntire, and "American Dreams," which had a plot that revolved around  Dick Clark \'s old show "American Bandstand." "I loved [it] , I wanted to play Brenda Lee," she said. "You know, if it\'s ', 'critique the singers but had no say in the eliminations this week. The broadcast featured a moment recalling the late  Dick Clark  and his show, American Bandstand. The picture switched to black and white and host Carson Daly did a 1960s retro-style ', 'critique the singers but had no say in the eliminations this week. The broadcast featured a moment recalling the late  Dick Clark  and his show, American Bandstand. The picture switched to black and white and host Carson Daly did a 1960s retro-style ', 'Chi-Lites" Marshall Thompson remembers  Dick Clark  as the man "who could pick a hit Hot 100 in May 1972. Thompson saw  Dick Clark  as "a magical man," who "will Bandstand, special dedication poster to  Dick Clark , courtesy Marshall Thompson The ', 'death of famed television producer  Dick Clark  , praising his contributions of expanding saddened to hear about the passing of  Dick Clark ," the president said in a written As we say a final \'so long\' to  Dick Clark , America\'s oldest teenager, our thoughts ', "of the year mobile host producer  Dick Clark 's new years rocking eve with Ryan 25. I want to start though it's  Dick Clark 's in the and boy this is going make you feel I think when you watch  Dick Clark  on television. You'd feel like ", "leading the countdown -- the end of the year mobile host producer Dick Clark's new years rocking eve with Ryan Seacrest what. That -- -- just to that we we -- eight things we can -- thank -- for the 25. I want to start though it's Dick Clark's -- in the and boy this is going to be the first year and forever that he doesn't -- -- -- with ", "the business. He'd always make you feel I think when you watch Dick Clark on television. You'd feel like you were his good friend and he was like that in person as well I think that ", "just like general. When we learned  Dick Clark 's passing many of us of course Bandstand theater is located which  Dick Clark  founded there and you can see. A American Bandstand. Morning guys and  Dick Clark  helped usher in the rock and roll ", "-- it looks amazing just like general. -- -- When we learned Dick Clark's passing many of us of course -- back to a time when so many watched American Bandstand here. The latest music and ", "music talent that is where the American Bandstand theater is located which Dick Clark founded there and you can see. A loving tribute there and across the country as the -- America really remembers its oldest teenager. For more than half a century he hosted two shows here on the alphabet -- well known shows American Bandstand of course and New Year's rocking eve. Our music and media consultant Bruno -- -- joins us live now to discuss the passing of this TV Land's End and really it's really hard. To overstate the importance and influence of American Bandstand. Morning guys and Dick Clark helped usher in the -- -- rock and roll bands that when he took over hosting duties in 1956. Don't forget -- ", "at ABC said they needed. Passionate music awards show and called on Dick Clark who -- of the longstanding relationship with with the network only with. American Bandstand and he created the American music awards. And the American music awards is going to celebrating its fortieth anniversary on ABC next year. It's one of the biggest. -- -- on ABC every year. And you can imagine next year's AMA's will pay a big tribute to Dick Clark that's for sure -- -- of course of many of us know him from New -- zine -- -- Times Square with. With the masses and I mean there's any person of a certain age who probably is not spent at least one New Year's trip but Dick Clark in their lifetime probably get that game. He actually replace guy Lombardo once again you know it was at a time to change forty years ago this year we're going to celebrate the fortieth anniversary of New Year's rocking eve this year this this New Year's Eve. Which is ironic. And it was again times -- changing -- needed new music. Younger generation had to tune into that that the seated need the actual dropping the ball and nobody could do this better than in the eternal teenager Dick Clark and once again ABC turned him neither relationship Dick Clark and ABC. Woods was -- their recent yacht at the network and him need each other but -- -- -- -- period in the mid eighties guy's Dick Clark had television shows -- hosted or produced. By him on every single television network in the US that's unheard of today we we we talk about Ryan Seacrest and Simon Cowell. Those guys don't have a kind of clout that -- Dick Clark had it at the height of -- power. Yeah and well speaking I mean if it really was a business but -- never felt like it was in this issue I always felt like he was doing. What he loved but at the end of the day he was just an incredible businessman. It was a shrewd businessman at the end of his yeah couple years ago when he when he stepped away from from his company Dick Clark productions sold 440. Million dollars companies now worth twice that much but Dick Clark knew that that that the money was in owning the -- other game shows and producing shows like -- Anglo American music ", "around the world now we'll watch  Dick Clark 's New Ryan Seacrest. The show program so he'll be here Fergie  Dick Clark  of course will be back in times were Seats there you go back there is.  Dick Clark 's New Ryan Seacrest 2010 begins ", "amazing statistic literally billions of people around the world now we'll watch Dick Clark's New -- -- -- Ryan Seacrest. The show is now in its 38 year and win us this morning that right -- ", "very well might not winning the program so he'll be here Fergie Dick Clark of course will be back in times were lots of action I was -- -- human. He's excited he's there was excited ", "Ticket stubs and -- Seats -- there you go back there is. Dick Clark's New -- -- -- Ryan Seacrest 2010 begins live at 10 eastern 9 central Thursday night and ABC. ", "Well it is a bonafide American tradition and January 31  Dick Clark 's new years even back for the ball drop in Times Square by he will be there. It will be live and you'll see  Dick Clark  in Times Square in the do you know what his role being ", "Well it is a bonafide American tradition and January 31 Dick Clark's new years -- even back for the ball drop in Times Square with the Clark. This year's co host he must've done ", "-- he will be there. It will be live and you'll see Dick Clark in Times Square in the do you know what his role being that he did and what he's already exist as we ", "will be the first new year's out  dick clark . Tonight, they are preparing a tribute as we hear from  dick clark 's wife, who made the trip to times every new year. 2001. Reporter:  Dick clark  head made his way into living rooms ", "Reporter: His agelessness so much of a punch line. I've been watching dick clark since I was a little kid. Reporter: It was the 1970s, dick clark first started hosting on null year's eve. The program, just an hour and a half in the beginning, but expanding to six hours over the years. Become an american staple every new year's. And only a stroke would slow dick clark . My speech is not perfect, but I'm getting there. Reporter: And this year, his wife of nearly 35 years will be in times square. She was the one who helped screw that crystal triangle with dick clark's name under the giant ball. She spoke of the question so many people have asked her. 40 years I've been coming here, ", "Happy new year. Great job. Thank you. We're all be thinking of dick clark tonight. When we come back on the ", "away from the big celebration in times square. It's  dick clark 's rockin' eve with ryan seacrest. Good to be here makeout session. Show up for that. A special tribute to  dick clark . Is there something about having worked with him and ", "than 12 hours away from the big celebration in times square. It's dick clark's rockin' eve with ryan seacrest. Good to be here again. We've signed of set up shop here. What do you have coming ", 'a good makeout session. Show up for that. A special tribute to dick clark . Is there something about having worked with him and watched him over the years that you now have adopted into your own ', 'So many great memories that  Dick Clark  many of them right here made for millions in the world. Poignantly their remembrances. Of  Dick Clark  President Obama weighed  Dick Clark  made us feel as young and vibrant and optimistic ', "So many great memories that Dick Clark many of them right here made for millions in Times Square. What he called and many called the crossroads of the world transforming it. Into an international party every New Year's Eve and it is opening doors -- -- right here smack dab in the -- happened. Every single New Year's Eve and so many people all over the world. Poignantly their remembrances. Of Dick Clark President Obama weighed -- -- Dick Clark made us feel as young and vibrant and optimistic. As he was my favorite husband Tony Orlando did he said only god created more stars. And Dick Clark time -- that really struck out to me as someone said if you're watching Dick Clark a New Year's Eve. You're never alone and he felt that way so many people were calling Italian it is also the ", "his wife -- that kiss -- was on every New Year's Eve Dick Clark passed away of a heart attack on Wednesday at the age of 82. "]