['Derek Hough , Mark Ballas, Val Chmerkovskiy and Karina Smirnoff face off in "Two to Tango."', 'Kellie Pickler and  Derek Hough  wowed judges with their jazz routine on "Dancing with the Stars."', '"DWTS" elimination of  Derek Hough  and Maria Menounos takes everyone by surprise.', 'Maria Menounos,  Derek Hough  are voted off show despite top spot on leader-board.', "throat. Reporter: That's great for strep throat. Freezing? Nothing. Reporter: With ice cream cake, this is what  derek hough 's surprise was supposed to look like. The bad news is I dropped it and I ruined it. It tastes the exact same. Reporter ", "strep throat. Freezing? Nothing. Reporter: With ice cream cake, this is what derek hough's surprise was supposed to look like. The bad news is I dropped it and I ruined it. It tastes the exact same. ", 'Dancers Cheryl Burke, Mark Ballas and  Derek Hough  all have their own followings.', 'The actress and partner  Derek Hough  win season 11 of "Dancing With the Stars."', 'the lifts. I heard him say oh jesus when i ran towards him. I\'m just saying but kellie pickler, kellie pickler,  derek hough  by far is one of the best choreographers on "dancing with the stars." Kellie pickler was so wonderful. Her body ', 'i ran towards him. I\'m just saying but kellie pickler, kellie pickler, derek hough by far is one of the best choreographers on "dancing with the stars." Kellie pickler was so wonderful. Her body just moves. ', 'allowed the stars to pick what they would dance. The judges head over heels for season eight champs, shawn johnson with  derek hough . Their mambo catapulted them to the top of the leaderboard. You have turned into this sexy, young lady. Reporter ', 'The judges head over heels for season eight champs, shawn johnson with derek hough . Their mambo catapulted them to the top of the leaderboard. You have turned into this sexy, young lady. Reporter: Tied for first, ', "works? They choreograph it. That's what they do. They're world-champion performers. You see shawn johnson and  derek hough , they were great. A lot of gymnastics. They fell on the end. Were they your favorite last night? Who wowed you ", "That's what they do. They're world-champion performers. You see shawn johnson and derek hough , they were great. A lot of gymnastics. They fell on the end. Were they your favorite last night? Who wowed you? You ", "How can you not? Thank you, josh. It's okay. I said I'm going to keep this up. But I'm not dancing with  derek hough  anymore. I'm dancing with someone else. But not quite the exercise -- i know this is daytime, but -- they call ", "said I'm going to keep this up. But I'm not dancing with derek hough anymore. I'm dancing with someone else. But not quite the exercise -- i know this is daytime, but -- they call that ", "that helped Evian mass don't remember that's that's yeah. You're old and I don't let man. Ricki Lake and  Derek Hough  took the top spot. Ends of the season where there's a Psycho. In the ballroom Carson and then we're pirates of ", "that's yeah. You're old and I don't let man. Ricki Lake and Derek Hough took the top spot. Ends of the season where there's a Psycho. -- In the ballroom Carson and then we're pirates of ", "the winners new Star's car. It was an action packed finale that featured this from the final three. Ricki Lake and  Derek Hough  did their terrific biker themed tango Bob Kardashian and Cheryl Kirk a fox trot that with the judges to the tune. And ", 'finale that featured -- this from the final three. Ricki Lake and Derek Hough did their terrific biker themed tango Bob Kardashian and Cheryl Kirk -- a fox trot that with the judges to the tune. ', "it's I don't Maria was may see Nancy jackpot. She did I mean that was such a steamy dance on that he did not dating  Derek Hough . Should be well I didn't let for an I mean it was a lot of I mean nothing but I a lot of sensuality Sally even less ", "was such a steamy dance on -- that he did not dating Derek Hough . Should be well I didn't let -- -- -- for an -- I mean it was a lot of I mean nothing ", "The Stars for their dancing she's back gonna give us a taste of the kind of move that got them into the final. But  Derek Hough  Lawrence says but he's found that Jones. Lance bass and he's got the Macy's window. I was okay. Okay yeah ", "of the kind of move that got them into the final. But Derek Hough Lawrence says but he's found that -- Jones. Lance bass and he's got the Macy's window. I "]