['follows a group of Latina maids who work for wealthy Beverly Hills families but dream of their own success. Like " Desperate Housewives ," the first season also features a murder mystery. Sanchez\'s character, Carmen Luna, is an extremely ambitious ', 'Photo Credit: Getty Images)  Eva Longoria  is in love and she\'s letting possible hook up with the former " Desperate Housewives " star began popping up the past few months. See  Eva Longoria  laugh off some wardrobe issues ', 'television series produced by actress  Eva Longoria  , hasn\'t even premiered yet who created the hit series " Desperate Housewives " - have been addressing the criticism essentially reprising that role.  Eva Longoria , Marc Cherry and Lifetime did ', 'she has mainly retired from acting other than the occasional guest role on TV shows like "Modern Family" and " Desperate Housewives ." "I can\'t audition anymore. I just completely ran out of gas," she told L.A. Currents. This leaves ', 'Foundation and Stand Up To Cancer (SU2C) Since the " Desperate Housewives " finale aired last May,  Marcia Cross  has stayed mostly low-key. But when she was asked ', 'Images At least she has a sense of humor: A day after  Eva Longoria  accidentally flashed photographers while going commando puddle. Wardrobe malfunctions are nothing new to the " Desperate Housewives " star. She had a nip slip at the Oscars earlier this ', 'genetic testing for the embryos has also been a tremendous move forward in the field of reproduction." " Desperate Housewives " star  Marcia Cross , 51, is just one of the few celebrity moms to admit she used donor eggs to conceive her twins. As for ', 'television series "Providence," as well as guest starring roles on "Law & Order: Special Victims Unit" and " Desperate Housewives ." Since M*A*S*H ended, the 74-year-old actor has been very involved with human rights issues, including ', 'Insider" and 2000\'s "Memento." He also had several guest starring roles in hit television shows including " Desperate Housewives ," "Glee" and "Californication." In 2002, the actor was nominated for a Tony award for his role in the Broadway ', 'Actress  Eva Longoria  on ABC\'s "This Week" Award-winning and emerging Washington power player  Eva Longoria  told us on "This Week" that immigration Street Journal labeled the former " Desperate Housewives " star a "Hispanic activist and power ', 'Eva Longoria , Chita Rivera and other leading Hispanic entertainers will headline inauguration event aimed at celebrating Latino arts and culture. The " Desperate Housewives " star will host the evening at the Kennedy Center in Washington, D ', 'they could have been attributable to that," said the actor, who has battled alcoholism.  Teri Hatcher  In 2006, " Desperate Housewives " star  Teri Hatcher  went public with a claim of sexual abuse at the hands of an uncle when she was 5. "This ', 'about your drive to the doctor\'s office."  Teri Hatcher  Roberts\' comments garnered cheers, especially from " Desperate Housewives " star  Teri Hatcher , who posted on her Facebook page photographs ', 'iconic show  Desperate Housewives  last night people like  Eva Longoria  and have intimacy the years and  Felicity Huffman  and so remembering seasons on  Desperate Housewives  I think all you will see  Desperate Housewives  Sundays 9 east ', "-- -- fantastic years living on the Stanley on the iconic show Desperate Housewives last night. Well he went out with a -- didn't shock we -- sad to report that America's sexiest plumber Mike Delfino. ", "to see you -- identity did a terrific job. Eight seasons on Desperate Housewives I think all of us thank you all. We're really getting as entertaining TV for news on that will be watching everybody hopes you will see Desperate Housewives Sundays 9 east central and ABC -- you can see photos of this handsome devil hills compatriots at Good Morning America dot ", "celebrate the final season of  Desperate Housewives  If you're talk about her eight Sundays with these so called  Desperate Housewives  have gotten to know these women up a little bit a little off  housewives  tests found what I been married ", "About Eve of this morning as we celebrate the final season of Desperate Housewives -- -- If you're talk about her eight KV apparently. I celebrate this film since that dad gave but you get a ", "the past eight seasons we've spent our Sundays with these so called Desperate Housewives -- have gotten to know these women pretty well yeah. -- -- -- Countless cover on -- Cat five's. 51 deaths. Fifteen ", 'ground breaking show  Desperate Housewives  is just about halfway had. Our dear friend  Marcia Cross  who plays that still Clothing you the other  housewives  are in and again notes for the comparable I  Desperate Housewives  airs on ABC Sunday ', "replaced by. Pick the sixth at least had the ground breaking show Desperate Housewives is just about halfway through its final season and joining us now to look back I had. Our dear friend Marcia Cross who plays that -- still perfect perfectionism -- Robert this season you know that she's back drinking and -- -- he is ", "always been let's grab for the comparable -- -- -- I -- Desperate Housewives airs on ABC Sunday night a fitting that you -- here. ", 'restaurateur and today she is another american in mourning. She is  eva longoria . how are you? Good to see you. Whoo, what a morning, huh lays and you can submit as many times as you want. Done.  Eva longoria . Thank you.', 'and restaurateur and today she is another american in mourning. She is eva longoria . how are you? Good to see you. Whoo, what a morning, huh? We thank you. We know you just like the rest ', 'facebook.Com/lays and you can submit as many times as you want. Done. Eva longoria . Thank you. ', "very very best and thank you. here last week it was great cookbook and all are now. She's so great. No isn't  Desperate Housewives  will this keep talking this Sunday April 17 at 9:8 central right here on ABC.", "and all are now. She's so great. No -- isn't -- -- Desperate Housewives will this keep talking this Sunday April 17 at 9:8 central right here on ABC. ", "loss I think the press also want to him and wanted to humanize them and I don't. And I didn't. And there was any of  housewives  drama behind the scenes most recently when at Sheridan ABC for wrongful termination. Claiming she was fired after complaining ", "and I don't. And I didn't. And there was -- any of housewives drama behind the scenes most recently when -- at Sheridan -- ABC for wrongful termination. Claiming she was fired after complaining about ", "This season finale of  Desperate Housewives  is just around the corner so got to think for you we've  Marcia Cross  on the show with noticed the something to help out so now we love  Desperate Housewives  and hope to continue as long ", "This season finale of Desperate Housewives is just around the corner so we've got to think for you we've -- Marcia Cross -- on the show with noticed the slightly OCD. Martha Stewart -- -- van camp. Here to tell us all about the ", "great that you're doing something to help out so now we love Desperate Housewives and hope to continue as long as the series -- -- as long as they can think new things up for us "]