["celebrate the final season of  Desperate Housewives  If you're talk about her eight Sundays with these so called  Desperate Housewives  have gotten to know these women up a little bit a little off  housewives  tests found what I been married ", "About Eve of this morning as we celebrate the final season of Desperate Housewives -- -- If you're talk about her eight KV apparently. I celebrate this film since that dad gave but you get a ", "the past eight seasons we've spent our Sundays with these so called Desperate Housewives -- have gotten to know these women pretty well yeah. -- -- -- Countless cover on -- Cat five's. 51 deaths. Fifteen ", 'ground breaking show  Desperate Housewives  is just about halfway had. Our dear friend  Marcia Cross  who plays that still Clothing you the other  housewives  are in and again notes for the comparable I  Desperate Housewives  airs on ABC Sunday ', "replaced by. Pick the sixth at least had the ground breaking show Desperate Housewives is just about halfway through its final season and joining us now to look back I had. Our dear friend Marcia Cross who plays that -- still perfect perfectionism -- Robert this season you know that she's back drinking and -- -- he is ", "always been let's grab for the comparable -- -- -- I -- Desperate Housewives airs on ABC Sunday night a fitting that you -- here. ", 'restaurateur and today she is another american in mourning. She is  eva longoria . how are you? Good to see you. Whoo, what a morning, huh lays and you can submit as many times as you want. Done.  Eva longoria . Thank you.', 'and restaurateur and today she is another american in mourning. She is eva longoria . how are you? Good to see you. Whoo, what a morning, huh? We thank you. We know you just like the rest ', 'facebook.Com/lays and you can submit as many times as you want. Done. Eva longoria . Thank you. ', "very very best and thank you. here last week it was great cookbook and all are now. She's so great. No isn't  Desperate Housewives  will this keep talking this Sunday April 17 at 9:8 central right here on ABC.", "and all are now. She's so great. No -- isn't -- -- Desperate Housewives will this keep talking this Sunday April 17 at 9:8 central right here on ABC. ", "loss I think the press also want to him and wanted to humanize them and I don't. And I didn't. And there was any of  housewives  drama behind the scenes most recently when at Sheridan ABC for wrongful termination. Claiming she was fired after complaining ", "and I don't. And I didn't. And there was -- any of housewives drama behind the scenes most recently when -- at Sheridan -- ABC for wrongful termination. Claiming she was fired after complaining about ", "This season finale of  Desperate Housewives  is just around the corner so got to think for you we've  Marcia Cross  on the show with noticed the something to help out so now we love  Desperate Housewives  and hope to continue as long ", "This season finale of Desperate Housewives is just around the corner so we've got to think for you we've -- Marcia Cross -- on the show with noticed the slightly OCD. Martha Stewart -- -- van camp. Here to tell us all about the ", "great that you're doing something to help out so now we love Desperate Housewives and hope to continue as long as the series -- -- as long as they can think new things up for us ", 'episodes left for  Desperate Housewives  a show that once was years but 37 year old  Eva Longoria  AKA also lease says was worth really.  Eva Longoria  has gotten saucy down For eight seasons of  Desperate Housewives . Email your yeah ', "Has some good -- there are only former episodes left for Desperate Housewives a show that once was -- -- one scripted program on TV and was -- Sunday night staple here on Eee PC these last eight years but 37 year old Eva Longoria AKA -- also lease says. It's the right time to -- was steering Elaine. And in the journey that took her from ", "and but -- again -- cheers. It was worth -- -- really. Eva Longoria has gotten saucy down to a science student who claimed the suburban sex -- -- also -- For eight seasons of Desperate Housewives . Email your -- yeah. She wanted to get acquainted with he'd instigate that supported her many things. -- Among them her very ", "I was but I was. Would be married at the end of Desperate Housewives . The show's ending a lot of chapters are closing in my life and so now I'm at a point -- -- -- ", "right now. To own real life drama my name went through very painful divorce even talks about at all I was dealing with the issue months before it. Ever even one of her great China.  Eva Longoria  Here's Good Morning America Thursday ABC.", "months before it. Ever -- even one of her great -- China. Eva Longoria -- Here's Good Morning America Thursday -- ABC. ", "oven mitts on trust me they're inspired by the new  Desperate Housewives  cookbook. I know that music anywhere we're joined now by desperate house husband McLaughlin.  Housewives  creator Marc Cherry and eleven then others. A fabulous ", "keep your oven mitts on trust me they're inspired by the new Desperate Housewives cookbook. I know that music anywhere we're joined now by desperate house husband -- McLaughlin. Housewives creator Marc Cherry and eleven then -- -- -- others. A fabulous fabulous cook book before we get to the dishes and ", 'countless steamy love scenes.  Desperate Housewives  will its two hour series finale Sunday. And our dear friend  Eva Longoria  has played the beautiful to and in had a series finale of  Desperate Housewives . Airs Sunday may thirteenth ', "After eight years not 200 episodes countless steamy love scenes. Desperate Housewives will -- its two hour series finale this coming Sunday. And our dear friend Eva Longoria has played the beautiful to have real -- -- for the show's entire run. And she says the final script read through ", "my sister Dorothy she and in -- had a series finale of Desperate Housewives . Airs Sunday may thirteenth starting at nine games and you'll -- on ABC. ", "And now from listeria lane to the world wide web  Teri Hatcher  is a hot ticket she's a great friend of our show and was beyond glamorous helping to south. With our Oscar coverage earlier ", "And now from listeria lane to the world wide web Teri Hatcher is a hot ticket she's a great friend of our show and was beyond glamorous helping to south. With our Oscar coverage ", 'Sources report " Desperate Housewives " star  Teri Hatcher  is dating Ryan Seacrest.', 'in the history of  Desperate Housewives . Has all the major took five days for  Desperate Housewives  cruised to build all our. Since the  Desperate Housewives  away at a nightclub course played by  Teri Hatcher  looks right but we ', "It's one of the riskiest scenes. Never filled in the history of Desperate Housewives . Has all the major characters. -- -- Are you at all nervous about injuries and I know you've been injured on set ", "lot destroyed. Movie sets earlier this year. It took five days for Desperate Housewives cruised to build the wooden facade of a nightclub for the scene and one long night of filming with fire. It's after ", "car I -- getting a little more than all our. Since the Desperate Housewives -- away at a nightclub nobody is column here on -- stereo lane let's see what we can find B. Behind their closed end unlocked doors. Okay this is inside Susan's house of course played by Teri Hatcher looks -- right but we wanna see how real these houses are for instance. Look people know -- Number one. -- let's ", "She burns up the small screen and  Desperate Housewives  every Sunday night. But now  Eva Longoria  is heating up the kitchen she's got a new book out about cooking for friends and family. It's called his kitchen we're very ", "She burns up the small screen and Desperate Housewives every Sunday night. But now Eva Longoria is heating up the kitchen she's got a new -- book out about cooking for friends and family. It's called -- his ", 'Desperate Housewives  is back in Golden Globe Award winning actress  Teri Hatcher  is here to tells all about the twists and coming up you look. Fantastic sound minds really thank you well the premiere last Sunday ', 'Desperate Housewives is back in Golden Globe Award winning actress Teri Hatcher is here to tells all about the twists and -- coming up you look. Fantastic sound minds really -- thank you well ', "Welcome back everybody very interesting possible new couple out there we don't won't know very  Desperate Housewives  they broke up with Tony Parker the NBA Ed Kelly could be with a note at. Athlete after getting very close apparently what's ", "new couple out there we don't -- won't know -- -- very Desperate Housewives they broke up with Tony Parker the NBA -- Ed Kelly could be with a note -- at. Athlete after getting very ", "Elaine where the fourth season of  Desperate Housewives  is under way and what did John going on that that the moment and  Eva Longoria  is character isn't quite sure for all of the cast members have  Marcia Cross  has given birth to twins hasn't ", "And now -- with steering Elaine where the fourth season of Desperate Housewives is under way and what did John dropping start it's done with -- it shared his character the always over the top ", 'sitting here with  Felicity Huffman  you know her as Lynette on  Desperate Housewives . But she is also me ten minutes.  Desperate Housewives  who has not funny candy an awakening  Desperate Housewives  because it is a lot ', 'Roberts and I have a great pleasure today is sitting here with Felicity Huffman you know her as Lynette on Desperate Housewives . But she is also breaking out in a brand new role in a new found which I think is amazing -- -- ', "-- it's -- relief consistently. That make up took me ten minutes. Desperate Housewives who has not funny. So in some ways it was a nice departure is wonderful I -- please -- it was a ", "-- serious actress is it's sort of like mind candy an awakening Desperate Housewives because it is a lot of fun to watch. Is certainly not the same kind of -- obviously to -- in this "]