['panel for " Dexter " at Comic-Con tears. " Dexter " actresses  Jennifer Carpenter  and  Lauren Velez  held back Many of the " Dexter " devotees chance to see  Michael C .  Hall  and the rest for past " Dexter " actors whose Erik King and  Julie Benz . The cast Hall fleeced  Dexter \'s watch chains; and  David Zayas  took Batista\'s ', 'Emmy judges. Showtime\'s " Dexter " was shut out, too, with no Emmy love lost on  Michael C .  Hall  (a past best-actor nominee five years in a row) or for  Jennifer Carpenter , who, as  Dexter \'s foul-mouthed sister ', 'hearts of viewers? Hardly.  Dexter , " Dexter " The main character of the Showtime series,  Dexter  Morgan, played by  Michael C .  Hall , was raised by a cop, and severely punished. In short,  Dexter  kills killers--and no one ', 'Bonneville, "Downton Abbey"; Steve Buscemi, "Boardwalk Empire"; Bryan Cranston, "Breaking Bad";  Michael C .  Hall , " Dexter "; Jon Hamm, "Mad Men"; Damian Lewis, "Homeland" Le Nguyen also predicted "smooth sailing" for "Breaking ', 'Series Hugh Bonneville, "Downton Abbey" Steve Buscemi, "Boardwalk Empire" Bryan Cranston, "Breaking Bad"  Michael C .  Hall , " Dexter " Jon Hamm, "Mad Men" Damian Lewis, "Homeland" Best Miniseries or Movie "American Horror Story" "Game ', 'CRANSTON / Walter White - BREAKING BAD (AMC)  MICHAEL C .  HALL  /  Dexter  Morgan -  DEXTER  (Showtime) Outstanding Performance by a Female Series BOARDWALK EMPIRE (HBO) BREAKING BAD (AMC)  DEXTER  (Showtime) GAME OF THRONES (HBO) THE GOOD WIFE ', 'Drama: Jon Hamm Nominees are: Steve Buscemi, "Boardwalk Empire"; Kyle Chandler, "Friday Night Lights";  Michael C .  Hall , " Dexter "; Jon Hamm, "Mad Men"; Hugh Laurie, "House"; Timothy Olyphant, "Justified" Any one of these actors ', 'Drama: Jon Hamm Nominees are: Steve Buscemi, "Boardwalk Empire"; Kyle Chandler, "Friday Night Lights";  Michael C .  Hall , " Dexter "; Jon Hamm, "Mad Men"; Hugh Laurie, "House"; Timothy Olyphant, "Justified" Any one of these actors ', 'Cibrian and Amber Heard , who have colorful personal lives of their own. Premieres Sept. 25.  Dexter  (Showtime) That gritty cable drama with  Michael C .  Hall  as a moonlighting serial killer is back for another season. This time, Hall is grappling with ', 'Empire Bryan Cranston, Breaking Bad  Michael C .  Hall ,  Dexter  Jon Hamm, Mad Men Hugh Laurie Series Boardwalk Empire The Closer  Dexter  The Good Wife Mad Men Ensemble Inception Robin Hood TV CSI: New York  Dexter  Southland True Blood LIFE ACHIEVEMENT ', 'how it should be. It\'s real."  Michael C .  Hall  and  Jennifer Carpenter Michael C .  Hall  and his wife,  Jennifer Carpenter , who met on the set of the cable series " Dexter ," where they played brother and ', 'victim in anything."  Michael C .  Hall  and Julia Stiles With the finale of " Dexter " came  Michael C .  Hall \'s announcement that marriage to co-star  Jennifer Carpenter . The two met in 2007 Stiles, who starred as  Dexter \'s partner in crime ', 'exactly how it should be. It\'s real."  Michael C .  Hall  and his wife,  Jennifer Carpenter , have been having a rough time too. The co-stars of the cable series " Dexter " have been married for two years -- on television ', "round. Joining us today is actress  Julie Benz  who stars in the fourth installment you mentioned Showtime's hit  Dexter  replay that main character's work and work with someone like  Michael C .  Hall  every day. And writers are amazing ", "-- -- -- you doing so many things you mentioned Showtime's hit Dexter replay that main character's girlfriend. After playing a vampire Buffy and Angel in what is it like to be back on TV. -- and Chris I love working for showtime. And I love working and after -- -- it to me is one of the best shows on television I. -- -- the pilots that I thought to myself well this is the type of show I like to watch. And it's been great schedule -- -- the -- -- go to work and work with someone like Michael C . Hall every day. And -- writers are amazing and I -- and love that I love working in television. And it's it's a ", "on showtime called  Dexter  about a serial killer who plays that role  Michael C .  Hall  is the best. But look at this scene of  Michael C .  Hall  in  Dexter . You do a lot of under. She's serial  Michael C .  Hall  welcome to It's ", "the pop culture. And there's a wonderful TV series on showtime called Dexter about a serial killer who -- killers. The actor who plays that role Michael C Hall is the best. But first let's take a look at this scene of Michael C Hall in Dexter . -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- You do a lot of -- ", "something else not just a little snippet of a song that senior. Would have been when a B and C songs that.  Dexter  would accept that  Dexter  would have man. I don't care much. You know a little bit of he dull moment came and much. Ghoul. Wounds ", "that senior. Would have been when a B and C songs that. Dexter would accept that Dexter would have -- man. I don't care much. You know -- a little bit of he dull moment came and much. Ghoul. ", "Now to some Hollywood breakups  Michael C hall  and  Jennifer carpenter  have announced their split after less than two plays hall's sister on the serial killer TV drama  Dexter . A spokesman for says their split was amicable ", "Now to some Hollywood breakups Michael C hall and Jennifer carpenter have announced their split after less than two years of marriage. Carpenter plays hall's sister on the serial killer TV drama Dexter A spokesman for -- says their split was amicable and they've been separated for some time. Here's another surprising split High School ", "eleven of that which is that traumatic thing and yet. It's strange irony of this is that in both Six Feet Under now. to  Dexter  you're talking to ghosts of the The it's did you do you do that with your own father do you have conversation head ", "of this is that in both Six Feet Under now. -- to Dexter you're talking to ghosts of the -- The it's did you do you do that with your own father do you have ", 'are, hugh bonneville, downton abbey. Skooef buscemi, boardwalk empire. Brian kran stron, breaking bad.  Michael c .  Hall ,  dexter . Jon hamm, mad men. And damien lewis, homeland. For outstanding miniseries or movie -- american horror ', 'bonneville, downton abbey. Skooef buscemi, boardwalk empire. Brian kran stron, breaking bad. Michael c Hall , dexter . Jon hamm, mad men. And damien lewis, homeland. For outstanding miniseries or movie -- american horror story. Game change. HAT FIELDS & ']