["on showtime called  Dexter  about a serial killer who plays that role  Michael C .  Hall  is the best. But look at this scene of  Michael C .  Hall  in  Dexter . You do a lot of under. She's serial  Michael C .  Hall  welcome to It's ", "the pop culture. And there's a wonderful TV series on showtime called Dexter about a serial killer who -- killers. The actor who plays that role Michael C Hall is the best. But first let's take a look at this scene of Michael C Hall in Dexter . -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- You do a lot of -- ", "something else not just a little snippet of a song that senior. Would have been when a B and C songs that.  Dexter  would accept that  Dexter  would have man. I don't care much. You know a little bit of he dull moment came and much. Ghoul. Wounds ", "that senior. Would have been when a B and C songs that. Dexter would accept that Dexter would have -- man. I don't care much. You know -- a little bit of he dull moment came and much. Ghoul. ", "Now to some Hollywood breakups  Michael C hall  and  Jennifer carpenter  have announced their split after less than two plays hall's sister on the serial killer TV drama  Dexter . A spokesman for says their split was amicable ", "Now to some Hollywood breakups Michael C hall and Jennifer carpenter have announced their split after less than two years of marriage. Carpenter plays hall's sister on the serial killer TV drama Dexter A spokesman for -- says their split was amicable and they've been separated for some time. Here's another surprising split High School ", "eleven of that which is that traumatic thing and yet. It's strange irony of this is that in both Six Feet Under now. to  Dexter  you're talking to ghosts of the The it's did you do you do that with your own father do you have conversation head ", "of this is that in both Six Feet Under now. -- to Dexter you're talking to ghosts of the -- The it's did you do you do that with your own father do you have ", 'are, hugh bonneville, downton abbey. Skooef buscemi, boardwalk empire. Brian kran stron, breaking bad.  Michael c .  Hall ,  dexter . Jon hamm, mad men. And damien lewis, homeland. For outstanding miniseries or movie -- american horror ', 'bonneville, downton abbey. Skooef buscemi, boardwalk empire. Brian kran stron, breaking bad. Michael c Hall , dexter . Jon hamm, mad men. And damien lewis, homeland. For outstanding miniseries or movie -- american horror story. Game change. HAT FIELDS & ', 'in the drama series category are. Boardwalk empire.  Dexter . Friday Night Lights. Damon owns. The good wife and boardwalk empire. Kyle Chandler Friday Night Lights.  Michael C .  Hall Dexter . Jon Hamm mad men. Hugh Laurie house. And Timothy ', 'series nominees are. Steve Buscemi boardwalk empire. Kyle Chandler Friday Night Lights. Michael C Hall Dexter . Jon Hamm mad men. Hugh Laurie house. And Timothy all of that justice. For outstanding miniseries or movie the nominee is -- ', "nominations for best drama series minute breaking bad.  Dexter  the good wife lost mad men and treat blood. Yet the we'll go through it got. Bryan Cranston for breaking bad  Michael C .  Hall  from Kyle Chandler of Friday Night Lights this one is ", "and then we'll go through it got. Bryan Cranston for breaking bad Michael C . Hall from -- Kyle Chandler of Friday Night Lights this one is a -- of popular critics but has been. Ignored it by ", 'drama series category are. Boston Legal. Damages.  Dexter . House. Lost. And mad man. Could it. The nominations Gabriel Byrne in treatment. Bryan Cranston breaking bad.  Michael C .  Hall Dexter . Jon Hamm mad picnic. Hilario house. And Jane spader ', 'actor and drama series. Gabriel Byrne in treatment. Bryan Cranston breaking bad. Michael C Hall Dexter . Jon Hamm mad -- picnic. Hilario house. And Jane spader Boston Legal. He made for television movie nominations are. Bernard and Doris. ']