['seconds after last minute and Gerri what it  Deadliest Catch  is one of the pieces were putting tonight what is what in our nation is  Deadliest Catch  all about  Deadliest Catch . Them as a show on discovered her popular ', "Some twelve seconds after -- last minute and Gerri what -- it Deadliest Catch is one of the pieces were putting tonight what is what in our nation is Deadliest Catch all about Deadliest Catch . Them as a show on discovered her popular show one's reach. And where. They document. Essentially. Great jobs out into the Barings ", "Still no word today on what caused the death of one of the members of the reality series  Deadliest Catch  just didn't Tennyson was found dead. Wednesday in Alaska motel room. Police found alcohol and marijuana inside the room and ", "caused the death of one of the members of the reality series Deadliest Catch just didn't Tennyson was found dead. Wednesday in Alaska motel room. Police found alcohol and marijuana inside the room and autopsy has ", "The Emmy winning reality show  Deadliest Catch  returned for its seventh season it's a harrowing look at the lives of CNN risking their lives to king crabs from the Bering Sea ", "The Emmy winning reality show Deadliest Catch -- returned for its seventh season it's a harrowing look at the lives of CNN risking their lives to -- king crabs ", "don't harvest profits. From greed and recklessness. And the burly icon of the gritty and popular reality show the  Deadliest Catch  has died. For five seasons people watch the adventures of fishing captain Phil Harris says He this crude navigated ", 'And the burly icon of the gritty and popular reality show the Deadliest Catch has died. For five seasons people watch the adventures of fishing captain Phil Harris says He -- this crude navigated the dangerous ', "Some sad news for fans of that TV so one of the captains the captain. Of the Cornelia Marie has he's captain feel Phil Harris now few weeks goes hospitalized He had a stroke. While He was unloading crabs. And they thought they was getting better for awhile but inter it turns out He died just a few", 'or so because. Of celebrated productions like the perfect storm the guardian. Coast Guard in Alaska. Deepest and  Deadliest Catch . The American people. Have become aware of the incredible risk taking. Talent required courage. Courage. Display ', 'like the perfect storm the guardian. Coast Guard in Alaska. Deepest and Deadliest Catch . The American people. Have become aware of the incredible risk taking. Talent required -- courage. Courage. Display. -- search and rescue in ', 'Stanley friend stepped in. Among on the round up those. cuts on the Discovery Channel. Jonathan hills grant from the  Deadliest Catch  asked his fans to help Thomas. And then it seemed their prayers were cancer. Six weeks ago a woman claiming to be ', '-- -- cuts on the Discovery Channel. Jonathan hills grant from the Deadliest Catch asked his fans to help Thomas. And then it seemed their prayers were cancer. Six weeks ago a woman claiming to be ', 'all time? Your number five pick for the best reality show takes you out to sea where men risk their lives for the " deadliest catch ." This is what it\'s all about. We\'re taken into this insane world of crab fishing on the bering sea. Is that ', 'takes you out to sea where men risk their lives for the " deadliest catch ." This is what it\'s all about. We\'re taken into this insane world of crab fishing on the bering sea. Is that all ', "Well if you're a viewer of reality shows like  Deadliest Catch  you might think the conditions of those guys work a pretty tough. There's really nothing compared to our next story that's ", "Well if you're a viewer of reality shows like Deadliest Catch you might think the conditions of those guys work -- a pretty tough. There's really nothing compared to our next story that's ", "paying off for over a year see there over a year between swift just guess in the night show and the twins. I'm just  Deadliest Catch  sight And I thought well they told me it was fine but it wasn't fine. It wasn't signed and surgery there were ", "swift just guess in the night show and the twins. I'm just Deadliest Catch sight -- And I thought well they told me it was fine but it wasn't fine. It wasn't signed and -- surgery ", "Bob Woodruff. of the giants of the ocean. Deadly hard to predict and may be more common thing. The crew of the  Deadliest Catch . Encounters a rogue wave in the middle of the night but it's not just fishermen who suffer besides rap. So the ", "to predict and may be more common thing. The crew of the Deadliest Catch . Encounters a rogue wave in the middle of the night but it's not just fishermen who suffer besides rap. So the students ", "don't harvest profits. From greed and recklessness. And the burly icon of the gritty and popular reality show the  Deadliest Catch  has died. For five seasons people watch the adventures of fishing captain Phil Harris as He this crude navigated ", 'And the burly icon of the gritty and popular reality show the Deadliest Catch has died. For five seasons people watch the adventures of fishing captain Phil Harris as He -- this crude navigated the dangerous ', "unnecessarily many times and without thinking. And speaking about risk I must tell you there's a show on TV. Called the  Deadliest Catch  I don't know if you've seen it it's it's about these men that go out in Alaska and catch these teams it's ", "risk I must tell you there's a show on TV. Called the Deadliest Catch I don't know if you've seen it it's it's about these men that go out in Alaska and catch these teams -- ", "So You Think You Can Dance. I love that show that such great dancer so I would these. Crazy TV show is light what  Deadliest Catch  and He was getting the did you share. Just listen to the front. Here. It's hard you know I'm I'm kind of ", "so I would -- these. Crazy TV show is -- light what Deadliest Catch and He was getting the did you share. Just listen to the front. Here. It's hard you know I'm I'm kind of ", "taken from work children quiet even your favorite television shows. So You Think You Can Dance. I love that show  Deadliest Catch  and who's getting the biggest share. Not to mention the constant attention being. Clothes and hair. It's hard ", "television shows. So You Think You Can Dance. I love that show Deadliest Catch and who's getting the biggest share. Not to mention the constant attention being. Clothes and hair. It's hard you know I'm I'm ", "in the military was thirty Fishing in the Bering Sea is such a dangerous spectacle it's become a reality show the  Deadliest Catch . Which highlights the often horrible conditions. This woman came to place flowers in the Alaska rangers' home port ", "Sea is such a dangerous spectacle it's become a reality show the Deadliest Catch . Which highlights the often horrible conditions. This woman came to place flowers in the Alaska rangers' home port of Seattle Sunday. Her ", 'dangerous profession and if you calculate the death rate per 100000 workers the most dangerous job is fishing. V show  Deadliest Catch  illustrates what they. Past decade 41 men have lost their lives fishing for. Just this past month six and died near ', 'rate per 100000 workers the most dangerous job is fishing. V show Deadliest Catch illustrates what they. Past decade 41 men have lost their lives fishing for. Just this past month six and died near Boston. ']