["This year's movies followed one of the more robust  Oscar  seasons in years, one that saw a slate of both lucrative and acclaimed  best - picture  nominees that together totaled more than $1 billion ", "This year's movies followed one of the more robust  Oscar  seasons in years, one that saw a slate of both lucrative and acclaimed  best - picture  nominees that together totaled more than $1 billion ", 'the compact disc player. 1982  Best Picture Oscar  goes to "Gandhi." The epic birthday with the royal baby. So do  Oscar  de la Renta, David Spade, Bob and more, click here . 2013  Oscar  for  Best Picture  went to "Argo." (Ben Affleck\'s ', "culture was the First Lady's surprise appearance at the  Oscars , where -- flanked by members of the U.S. military -- she announced Argo as the year's  Best Picture  . With each successive presidency, this balance of politics ", 'officials are so angered at the way the  Oscar -winning film "Argo" portrayed said in response to the film\'s  Best Picture Oscar , received at February\'s Academy submitted a film "A Cube of Sugar" for  Oscar  consideration, but shortly after ', 'Franco plays  Oscar  Diggs, a small-time nominated for six  Oscars , including  Best Picture , and took home Slippers for  Oscar  Academy Last and scored an  Oscar nomination  for Visual Effects score four  Oscar nominations . "The Wiz ', 'announce the  Best Picture  winner had everyone end up on the  Oscars ?" Arranging bestowed the  Best Picture  honor, Argo Full List of  Oscar  Winners "The Zadan said.  Oscars  2013: Best with multiple  nominations  at this year\'s present the  Best Picture  award with Nicholson ', 'clean-shaven as the  Oscar  statuette he won Sunday Argo" was named  best picture  at the Academy Awards bathroom during an  Oscar  after-party at Craig\'s directing category at the  Oscars  but humbly accepted the  best picture  award as one of the ', 'morning. 1. Argo Wins  Best Picture  at  Oscars  Ben Affleck and his the top prize at the  Oscars  on Sunday night. Jennifer 5. Affleck Spends  Oscar  Sunday at Spelling Argo" took home the  Oscar  for  best picture  on Sunday night, spent ', 'Oscar  After-Parties: Stars Mingle for Vanity Fair, Elton John and Governors Ball', 'fill his post- Oscars  shindig with A-list told ABC News.  Oscar -winner Sandra a tradition for  Oscar  winners to have his statue for  Best Picture . Puck said  Oscar  night is by far the year. "The  Oscars  is really the most ', 'awards this season, including an  Oscar  statuette for  best picture  of the year, but his young daughter neighborhood just hours before the  Oscars  were to start. "We found this she was getting ready for the  Oscars  and wasn\'t able to take her ', 'Images) The first lady named the  Best Picture  winner Sunday night. Michelle naming Hollywood hit "Argo" as  Best Picture  of the year. "Argo," which nominated, the most notable being  Best Picture . Argo, a film about a plan executed ', "you're an  Oscar  pool and category of the  Oscars  which is  best picture  this is the how many  nominations  it. Each doesn't have a  nomination  for its director three acting  nominations . And people the first  Oscar  went to wings here and the  best picture  winner this ", "talk about Hugo what's the one that's as close to that -- nominations that would be the artist and -- and nominations and the artist is in black and white. It's a silent movie it starts people we never heard of before it should have no chance and yet Hollywood as him -- it. We -- -- -- the artist -- this is about our industry this is what we like this is what we loud. Is there any other movie that's really in the running here because he'd -- -- home war horses and happening. Yes there is it's called the help. It doesn't have a nomination for its director Tate Taylor -- screenplay. But it has three acting nominations . And people love it it made the most money of any movie this year. He could sneak in it has that potential to be the spoiler. But as -- as -- I'm going to say that Hollywood's love of the artist I think most of these. Academy voters were around in 1927. When the first Oscar went to wings which was a -- film. I think they wished they could go back to that time and they're going to -- -- for those reasons. And I also think it's a hell of a good movie I have nothing against that way as long as it. Loud and incredibly close wins nothing. I am happy man so I am gravely sitting here and -- the best picture winner this year of the Academy Award will be the artist. And -- John -- John -- who started it. Not only ", "category of the  Oscars  which is  best picture  this is the how many  nominations  it. Each the most  nominations  to win OK doesn't have a  nomination  for its direct re acting  nominations . And people the first  Oscar  went wings saying the  best picture . Winner ", "talk about Hugo what's the one that's -- close to that morning nominations that would be the artist and that's and nominations and the artist -- in black and white. It's a silent movie it starts people we never heard of before -- should have no chance and yet Hollywood and improve race that didn't sit. People who love you the artist week this is about our industry this is what we'd like this is what we -- Is there any other movie that really in the running here because he can -- purchase -- home or -- -- happening. Yes there is it's called the help. It doesn't have a nomination for its direct to take -- or Green flag but it has re acting nominations . And people love it. It made the most money of any movie this year he could -- -- it has that potential to be -- -- but as brave as Diane. I'm going to say that Hollywood's a lot of. Of the -- I think most of these academy voters were around in 1927. When the first Oscar went -- wings which was exactly film. I think they wish they could go back at that time and they're going to great -- for those reasons. And I also think it -- a good movie I have nothing against that way as long as. Loud and incredibly close wins nothing I am happy man. So I am -- sitting here saying the best picture . Winner this year of the Academy Award. Will -- be -- it. ", "to supporting  nomination  but they said to move in the  Oscars . It did and the the number of  nominations  with twelve Academy Award  nominations  basically. Went all Lincoln's  nominations  despite all of when you your  Oscar  pool right. best You do not win  best picture  if you not nominated ", "they're giving attribute the fiftieth anniversary tribute to James Bond on the Oscars Javier Bardem. I thought was true -- pick in this movie and deserved to supporting nomination but they said now. Why. And why indeed are they leaving out people who are stars that usually come in and help ", 'the biggest awards.  Oscar  singing for ethics remember come after 9/11. the  best picture  nominees atonement as the closest look classic  Oscar  winner but this year general public. The  Oscars  are chance for the nominated boost their box office a  nomination  can mean millions for ', "still be quality and that might have come after 9/11. -- the best picture nominees atonement as the closest look classic Oscar winner but this year it's a long shot and then there's -- I'm trying. -- comedy about teen pregnancy. Hate for just seven and a half million dollars a little independent film has turned into a box office school earning 125. Million dollars. The other nominees have largely been ignored by mainstream -- -- incidents in. I think there is a little bit of a disconnect between the academy in the general public. The Oscars are chance for the nominated movies to boost their box office a nomination can mean millions for a small movie -- win even more. -- the whole ABC news Hollywood. ", "year in the girl with the dragon tattoo and got an  Oscar nomination . But inside directed by Steven Soderbergh and legitimately movie. And understand how good Here's the big The  best picture  of 2013. So far what is it. To me it's no contest ", "last year in the girl with the dragon tattoo and got an Oscar nomination . But inside -- directed by Steven Soderbergh and legitimately his last feature found. She -- somebody we don't know who she is ", "1 man on  nomination  morning it the most  nominations  real I think movies for  best picture  and you'd nominee in  Oscar  history selected as the  best picture  nominees us at the  Oscars  Sunday February from those  nominations  well there's supporting  nomination  but they move in the  Oscars . It did Lincoln's  nominations  despite all would your  Oscar  pool right do not win  best picture  if you not ", "pregnant so much Peter I wanna go over really -- about the nominations for best picture wanted to talk about the. -- Y 900. You couldn't imagine -- did that last year they wouldn't nominated comedy which is ", 'getting a  best picture nomination  there were left off the  best picture  list and David getting a DIA  nomination  directors again we see  Oscars  sort of judging For the  Oscar  campaign screenplay  nominations  both for Kristen ', "off the deck ignored it every other award show finally getting a best picture nomination there were seven of those and one for -- -- -- out for supporting actor. Yeah there was a lot of love for extreme about it -- that was surprising also surprising. The girl with the dragon tattoo left off the best picture list and David manager or director despite getting a DIA nomination directors -- What surprised. Why was extremely loud and incredibly close ignored to now it's a very difficult film to -- it's about September 11 that -- you over and over again but it's interesting. You -- you think Tom Hanks or -- Sandra Bullock could have gotten nominated supporting actor categories once again we see Oscars sort of judging you by your past work. You know -- on economic you've already won big award it was it was a strange strategy behind that movie they held it back they didn't show it to a lot of people's -- think a lot of the earlier critics awards just didn't they didn't see the move -- it was a really on the radar but obviously the strategy really paid off. For the Oscar campaign screenplay nominations both for Kristen -- and for George Clooney's all right now let's not celebrate what is with the popular movie like bridesmaids "]