['most recent film, "The Flowers of War," starred the American actor Christian Bale and was the Chinese selection for  best foreign film  at the 84 th annual Academy Awards. He is the recipient of numerous overseas cinematic awards. The charges spotlight ', 'credit: Sony Picture Classics) Sarah Putnam reports: Now that "Amour" has won the Oscar for  best foreign - language film , let us pause for a moment to consider the significance of the Academy\'s nominating such a film ', 'about last year\'s best actor winner, The Artist\'s Jean Dujardin, not being able to make it in "the talkies," and  best foreign film  winner Amour being "This is 90." Then William Shatner (yes) appeared to participate in an incredibly meta sketch about ', 'one-handed pushups. We\'re sold: "Billy Crystal. God. I crap bigger than him." Roberto Benigni -  Best Foreign Language Film , Life Is Beautiful After walking over chairs and expressing his love for presenter and fellow Italian Sophia ', 'Thirty." As for adapted, Tony Kushner has the lock for "Lincoln," Adams said. "It\'s Kushner! It\'s noble!"  Best Foreign Film  Adams\' picks: "Amour" (Austria), "No" (Chile), "A Royal Affair" (Denmark), "War Witch" (Canada) and ', 'are "Anna Karenina," "Best Exotic Marigold Hotel," "Beasts of the Southern Wild" and wildcard "Cloud Atlas."  Best Foreign Film  Adams\' picks: "Amour (Austria)," "The Intouchables" (France), "A Royal Affair" (Denmark), "War Witch ', 'Ralph" Best Screenplay "Zero Dark Thirty" "Lincoln" "Silver Linings Playbook" "Django Unchained" "Argo"  Best Foreign - Language Film  "Amour" "A Royal Affair" "The Untouchables" "Kon Tiki" "Rust and Bone" Best Performance by an Actress in ', "been submitted to the Oscars for consideration in the  Best Foreign Language Film  category! Here are some I'm really excited to see masterpiece. NO (Chile) Chile's official submission for  Best Foreign Film  at the 2013 Oscars is about a brilliant ad exec who ", 'Meet the 35 Hottest Latinos in Entertainment, According to the Hollywood Reporter', 'victims of acid attacks, won for best documentary short. "A Separation" gave Iran its first Oscar for  best foreign language film . The show was a throwback to years past with heavyweight producer Brian Grazer at the helm and Billy Crystal ', 'against Allen, along with the screenwriters for "The Artist," "A Separation" and "Margin Call."  Best Foreign Language Film : "A Separation" Sorry, Angelina Jolie fans, her directorial debut "In the Land of Blood and Honey ', "Roberta had us all in 1999 when he climbed over chairs to accept the  best foreign language film  for life is beautiful. This year's ceremony was also full of memorable moments take a look. And they through. Feel bad that I fell and it's really embarrassing thing you.", "all -- in 1999 when he climbed over chairs to accept the best foreign language film for life is beautiful. This year's ceremony was also full of memorable moments take a look. And they -- -- through. -- ", 'Wreck Ralph rich more. Parent Norman Sam and Chris Butler. And brain Mark Andrews and Brenda Chapman. For  best foreign language film . Nominees are. From Austria more. From Canada war which. From Denmark a royal affair. And from Norway ', '-- and Chris Butler. And brain Mark Andrews and Brenda Chapman. For best foreign language film . Nominees are. From Austria more. -- -- -- -- From Canada war which. From Denmark a royal affair. And from Norway Kon ', 'Ralph rich more. Parent Norman Sam fell and Chris Butler. And brave Mark Andrews and Brenda Chapman. For  best foreign language film . Nominees are. From Austria more. From she know. From Canada war which. From Denmark a royal affair ', 'fell and Chris Butler. And brave Mark Andrews and Brenda Chapman. For best foreign language film . Nominees are. From Austria more. From she -- know. From Canada war which. From Denmark a royal affair. And from Norway Kon ', 'it Ralph rich more. Parent Norman Sam and Chris Butler. And brave Mark Andrews and Brenda Chapman. For  best foreign language film . Nominees are. From Austria more. From she From Canada war which. From Denmark a royal affair. And from ', '-- and Chris Butler. And brave Mark Andrews and Brenda Chapman. For best foreign language film . Nominees are. From Austria more. From she -- -- From Canada war which. From Denmark a royal affair. And from Norway Kon ', "carpet Ron Paul might need to Some of the awards would be no contest This lucrative here it is here's yeah.  best foreign language film  topped with highly agitated Jon Huntsman agreed short film live action. think he's campaign and going ", "-- This -- -- lucrative -- here it is here's yeah. -- best foreign language film topped with highly agitated -- -- Jon Huntsman agreed -- -- -- short film live action. -- -- think he's -- -- ", "Angelina Jolie also wrote and directed a movie in English and Bosnian. And earned a Golden Globe nomination for  best foreign language film . Here's ABC's Christiane Amanpour for our series it's good youthful. Do they get to walk outside ", "movie in English and Bosnian. And earned a Golden Globe nomination for best foreign language film . Here's ABC's Christiane Amanpour for our series it's good youthful. Do they get to walk outside what's funny is where so clear ", "and stand chairman for money ball. And Bridget O'Connor and strong for tinker tailor soldier spy. For  best foreign language film  we have. From Belgium had. From Israel but note. From Poland and darkness. From Canada your lives are ", "And Bridget O'Connor and -- strong for tinker tailor soldier spy. For best foreign language film we have. From Belgium -- had. From Israel but note. From Poland and darkness. From Canada -- -- your lives are. And "]