['with his own identity and frustration at society\'s hypocrisy toward homosexuality. Lane, a Tony winner for "The Producers" and "A Funny Thing Happened on the Way to the Forum," was nominated as  best actor  this year for "The Nance."', 'for multiple Emmys in major categories. The series received nine nominations, including outstanding dramatic series and  best actor  and actress in a drama. "House of Cards" also helped Netflix add more than 2 million subscribers during the first three ', 'for multiple Emmys in major categories. The series received nine nominations, including outstanding dramatic series and  best actor  and actress in a drama. "House of Cards" also helped Netflix add more than 2 million subscribers during the first three ', 'the political drama "House of Cards." That series earned nine Emmy Award nominations, including for outstanding drama,  best actor  and best actress. No Internet-only series had previously been nominated in those marquee categories. "Arrested Development ', 'too, with no Emmy love lost on Michael C. Hall (a past  best - actor  nominee five years in a row) or for Jennifer Carpenter the show got nada on Thursday. Jon Cryer, last year\'s  best - actor  winner for the CBS comedy "Two and a Half Men," was shut ', 'for Aaron Sorkin\'s "The Newsroom" on the list of outstanding drama series, though star Jeff Daniels did get a nom for  best actor . "I\'m actually not that surprised," Wilson said. "Jeff Daniels for sure, but \'The Newsroom\' is still so mixed in ', 'Washington of "Scandal." Claire Danes, last year\'s winner for "Homeland," got a nod. Besides Bateman, the nominees for  best actor  in a comedy are Jim Parsons for "The Big Bang Theory": Matt LeBlanc for "Episodes"; Don Cheadle for "House of Lies ', 'The Primetime Emmy nominations for  best actor  in a television drama series have been announced in Los Angeles by the Academy of Television Arts and Sciences. The nominees announced ', '13th Amendment to abolish slavery. An understated central performance from Daniel Day-Lewis, which earned him his third  Best Actor  Oscar, is punctuated by Spielbergian moments of light comedy and buoyed by a stellar supporting cast, including Sally Field ', 'instead of theaters. The historical drama "Lincoln" was nominated for several Oscars this year. Daniel Day-Lewis won for  best actor , and the movie itself won the Oscar for best production design. "If Spielberg has an idea like \'Lincoln\', he would have ', 'The role earned him an Oscar nomination for best supporting actor in 1977. Guinness had earlier won an Academy Award for  best actor  in 1957 for "The Bridge on the River Kwai." He died in 2000 at the age of 86. C-3P0/Anthony Daniels As gold-plated ', 'that I don\'t win one. I don\'t want to win. I don\'t." Conde Nast The 38-year-old actor who was nominated for  best actor  - Daniel Day Lewis took home the award - said he doesn\'t "sweat" the small stuff, like winning the Oscar, ever since ', "by the government. You really do to promote That uncanny vocal impression the powerful portrayal by actor dangerous Alba has already been talked about as a possible  best actor  contender. long walk to it didn't hit theaters November 20.", "by actor dangerous Alba has already been talked about as a possible best actor contender. -- long walk to -- it didn't hit theaters November 20. ", "warts. What did I think so good in terms of performances and everything that I want. To reward these people. So best.  Best actor  so far this year to me is Matthew McCall date in mind. This is an actor people off that you say economy I didn't Kate Hudson ", 'performances and everything that I want. To reward these people. So best. Best actor so far this year to me is Matthew McCall -- date in mind. This is an actor people -- off that you ', "stomp all over that Cindy whopper making her Broadway debut writing scores people she picked Tony award. Billy Porter won for  best actor . And a few other awards as well so it was a big night for them and it's if you ask a year ago what is going to be the big ", "-- people she picked -- -- Tony award. Billy Porter won for best actor . And a few other awards as well so it was a big night for them and it's -- if you ask -- ", 'useful that i have a place to put them. Reporter: His performance became the most acclaimed of its era. Gandolfini won three  best actor  emmys and three screen actors guild awards. Like carroll o\'connor as archie bunker on "all in the family," gandolfini ', 'His performance became the most acclaimed of its era. Gandolfini won three best actor emmys and three screen actors guild awards. Like carroll o\'connor as archie bunker on "all in the family," gandolfini was all but ', "tonys, as well including best score for cyndi lauper. Tom hanks not such a lucky guy. A surprise upset when he didn't get  best actor  for his play of that name. That was a downer moment in an otherwise rollicking event that saw neil patrick harris hit it ", "not such a lucky guy. A surprise upset when he didn't get best actor for his play of that name. That was a downer moment in an otherwise rollicking event that saw neil patrick harris hit ", "the impact it could have. Then Casey Anthony or Jodi area's high profile case. It's simply it's going to be costly  best actor  talking about forever yeah. I think well I mean I think probably nothing else like it and it is a tough case and it when ", "Jodi area's high profile case. It's simply it's going to be costly best actor talking about forever yeah. I think -- well I mean I think -- probably nothing else like it and it is a ", 'Best Actor  and Best Supporting Actor winners react to their big wins at the Academy Awards.']