['The Agenda: Rep. Steve King stands by his controversial comments on immigration - Video on NBCNews.com', 'This content comes from Closed Captioning that was broadcast along with this program.', " but does he need a new approach? those are today's topics for our agenda panel. thank you for being here today. democrats and ", "they aren't all valedictorians, they weren't all brought in by their parents. for every one that's a valedictorian, there's another one that weighs 130 pounds but has the size of calves because they have 30 pounds of cocaine on them.", ' proposed an act to stop the deferred deportation of the dreamers, of the people who were brought here as ', ' and are contributing to our society since they were children and that passed the ', ". so, in fact, he's doubling down because he has the support of his caucus. he has the support of the republican base that's within the ", " that don't want any part of it and want to sort of defame these children who are actually very popular.", "now we just played the first part of what he said. we didn't have that second part ready yet. let's quickly lutzen to his response to southeast criticism.", "this isn't something that just was made up out of thin air, this is something i get from the people enforcing the law downtown border. identify seen with it my eyes. identify unloaded the illegal drugs with my hand and watched the data and videos to support what i say. the longer the dialogue goes the more the ", "that of course is him doubling down. how does this affect the gop's attempt to connect with latino voters.", ' because they are playing to their barks pandering to their base. the problem sue have ', " kind of guy. he's made these inflammatory statements before but there's a political cal can you laws. he's playing to the base, pandering conservative element that doesn't want to see ", ". the party doesn't have a clear orko he had civilian message on gramgs. comments looking can carry more weight than they should. do they need a stronger platform on this snish", ". that's a disaster. right now the rnc is engaged in this outreach effort to the latino community and then a comment like ", "earl, let's turn to the president's speech yesterday. he made quite a passionate statement about what he'll be doing throughout the rest of his term so let's listen to that.", " days left in my presidency. and i'm going to spend every minute, every second as long as i have the privilege of being in this office making sure that i'm doing every single thing that i can. so that ", ', people who are out there struggling every single day, that they know that that work can lead them to a better place.', " many times before. we heard about the speech about the economy. why so touching on this issue again right now. what's the political impetus for this?", "two reasons. number one there's been a lot of criticism of the president in the past. mr. president the criticism goes like this. you spent a lot of time dealing with ", '. the financial collapse, the economic problems there, shoring up banks, savings and loans and the ', ". he heard that from progressives. there's huge criticism. i think that's one thing the president is speaking to the base. the second thing is income in equality in america. he referenced that. that's a major problem. every statistic i've seen that's been done over the last two years shows that income in equality, the ", ' if you will is greater than ever at least in recent memory so the president, has two things on table. one speaking to his base and clear need for that by the way and the second thing very mindful of income in equality, the ', 'now, steve, "new york times" reports some liberals wants to push the party away from the left. there\'s growing frustration from progressives the party must move towards a populace position as the left sees as the great ', " who want to go further to the right, and as the president reaches out to them and tries to find common ground now we're seeing a progressive voice in the left in congress trying to pull the president maybe slightly more to the left. i think in general there's a broad agreement among democrats when it comes to things like investments in ", " and infrastructure and energy but at the same time we'll see interparty strike a little bit among democrats as we start to see maybe ", " bringing him to the left on education and hearth. it's going to st. very interesting budget debate in the fall.", 'it seems like the president is trying to rally public support around some issues right now from ', ' need a clearer message in some ways it seems the president is muddled a little bit.', "i would say the president is telling a pretty clear story and that's republican obstructionism and blocking his agenda. he brought thunder several times yesterday in his speech. several ", " don't want to see anything passed. that's pretty much the truth so he with put forward his ideas, tell his story to the ", " you have polls that show a lot of the public does not support what's going to be implemented in october. do you think his getting his message across saying what he's dealing with is republican obstructionism.", ' care and these things will be ruled out gradually. individual provisions are popular. ', " care broadly is in. we'll see how people feel in their lives those changes how they will change their mind about it if at all."]