['"Mandela: The Long Walk to Freedom" depicts South African leader\'s younger days.', "warts. What did I think so good in terms of performances and everything that I want. To reward these people. So best.  Best actor  so far this year to me is Matthew McCall date in mind. This is an actor people off that you say economy I didn't Kate Hudson ", 'performances and everything that I want. To reward these people. So best. Best actor so far this year to me is Matthew McCall -- date in mind. This is an actor people -- off that you ', 'useful that i have a place to put them. Reporter: His performance became the most acclaimed of its era. Gandolfini won three  best actor  emmys and three screen actors guild awards. Like carroll o\'connor as archie bunker on "all in the family," gandolfini ', 'His performance became the most acclaimed of its era. Gandolfini won three best actor emmys and three screen actors guild awards. Like carroll o\'connor as archie bunker on "all in the family," gandolfini was all but ', "stomp all over that Cindy whopper making her Broadway debut writing scores people she picked Tony award. Billy Porter won for  best actor . And a few other awards as well so it was a big night for them and it's if you ask a year ago what is going to be the big ", "-- people she picked -- -- Tony award. Billy Porter won for best actor . And a few other awards as well so it was a big night for them and it's -- if you ask -- ", "tonys, as well including best score for cyndi lauper. Tom hanks not such a lucky guy. A surprise upset when he didn't get  best actor  for his play of that name. That was a downer moment in an otherwise rollicking event that saw neil patrick harris hit it ", "not such a lucky guy. A surprise upset when he didn't get best actor for his play of that name. That was a downer moment in an otherwise rollicking event that saw neil patrick harris hit ", "the impact it could have. Then Casey Anthony or Jodi area's high profile case. It's simply it's going to be costly  best actor  talking about forever yeah. I think well I mean I think probably nothing else like it and it is a tough case and it when ", "Jodi area's high profile case. It's simply it's going to be costly best actor talking about forever yeah. I think -- well I mean I think -- probably nothing else like it and it is a ", 'Best Actor  and Best Supporting Actor winners react to their big wins at the Academy Awards.', "who really should win because Oscar gets it wrong more times than it gets it right you know that and he let's start with  best actor . The nominees Howard Dean in here in a better life now to written it also. That's the reward you know I mean nobody George ", "it right you know that -- and he -- let's start with best actor . The nominees Howard Dean in here in a better life now to -- written -- it also. That's the reward you know ", "Let's start with back. The nominees Howard Dean in this year in a better life now to vehicle nominated it also that's you know being mean nobody thought. George Clooney in the descendants and George when he was on the show and you know a lot to say about the distance so let's let George speak for a", 'foot two playing slightly taller sixteenth president tallest  best actor  winner. The duke John weigh just over six for not counting beasts beat budget buster Will Denzel would the second is  best actor  Spielberg his third for director John Williams six for a musical ', 'Day-Lewis stands six foot two playing slightly taller sixteenth president -- tallest best actor winner. The duke John weigh just over six for not counting -- This year Lincoln leads the pack with twelve loves to ', 'budget beasts beat budget buster -- Will Denzel would the second is best actor Spielberg his third for director John Williams -- six for a musical score. For that need to know these up 85 seven. ', "surprised by who you see. So, it's good. Reporter: For  best actor  nominee, hugh jackman, things might be even better. We're they're still feeling the love for their films. Like  best actor  nominee, bradley cooper. I got to go to washington, d ", "might be surprised by who you see. So, it's good. Reporter: For best actor nominee, hugh jackman, things might be even better. We're right by the pool. We should be in the pool. Pina colada. Have ", "Here and elsewhere, they're still feeling the love for their films. Like best actor nominee, bradley cooper. I got to go to washington, d.C. Last week and do a screening for the veterans at walter reed ", "Want to Be a Soap Star? 'General Hospital' Casting Director on What He Looks For", "My advice for actors that want to get on daytime is. You have to be prepared to bring it you had better be the  best actor  you can be. Because. Hundreds and hundreds of actors auditioned for every role. And it's not enough to have a great look ", "have to be prepared to bring it you had better be the best actor you can be. Because. Hundreds and hundreds of actors auditioned for every role. And it's not enough to have a great look ", 'went to Ang Thank you will be god. Silver linings playbook Jennifer Lawrence won best actress. Clearly embarrassing. And  best actor  went to Daniel Day-Lewis. Three years ago. Before we decided to do it straight I have actually been to to play Margaret ', 'Silver linings playbook Jennifer Lawrence won best actress. Clearly embarrassing. -- And best actor went to Daniel Day-Lewis. Three years ago. Before we decided to do it straight -- I have actually been -- -- to ', 'rushmore than daniel day-lewis for taking home theaward for  best actor . Hugh jackman, first-time nominee of "les miserables won an academy award. If daniel day lewis doesn\'t win the  best actor , you\'ll hear the screams emanate to where you are.', 'off of mount rushmore than daniel day-lewis for taking home theaward for best actor . Hugh jackman, first-time nominee of "les miserables." . Gets it. No actor playing an u.S. President has won an academy award. If daniel day lewis doesn\'t win the best actor , you\'ll hear the screams emanate to where you are. ', "the mezzanine, there's a very good chance I won't be winning. Rep YOU MAY NOT WANT TO Put all of your pennies on daniel day-lewis. No one has ever taken home  best actor  for playing a u.S. President. Fun fact there. Thank you.", 'of your pennies on daniel day-lewis. No one has ever taken home best actor for playing a u.S. President. Fun fact there. Thank you. ', 'city for other side of heaven." These mtv promos for "my sweet 16" were among jennifer lawrence\'s first credit. This  best actor  nominee as tom lee jones, in "love story." Playing ryan o\'neill\'s roommate. In real life, he was al gore\'s. Later ', 'promos for "my sweet 16" were among jennifer lawrence\'s first credit. This best actor nominee as tom lee jones, in "love story." Playing ryan o\'neill\'s roommate. In real life, he was al gore\'s. Later, he would ', "actor's studio. The 24-year-old picking the brain of oscar-winner, sean penn. Fast-forward 14 years and that kid is  best actor  nominee. Wow. Also during his time at the actor's studio, he got a chance to ask robert de niro how to break into the ", "brain of oscar-winner, sean penn. Fast-forward 14 years and that kid is best actor nominee. Wow. Also during his time at the actor's studio, he got a chance to ask robert de niro how to break ", "testing from manual read it will be her birthday he'll be 86. On Oscar night Buchanan denied her that not. You do you.  Best actor  Bradley Cooper in silver linings playbook Daniel Day-Lewis in Lincoln. Hugh Jackman in Ole miss her Joaquin Phoenix in ", '86. On Oscar night Buchanan denied her that not. You do you. Best actor Bradley Cooper in silver linings playbook Daniel Day-Lewis in Lincoln. Hugh Jackman in Ole miss her Joaquin Phoenix in the -- and ']