['Rep. John Carter, R-Texas, will introduce a special resolution Wednesday that could potentially relieve Rep. Charlie Rangel of his chairmanship of the powerful Ways ...', "FBN's market experts debate whether the feds have a case against the state's politicians.", 'Embattled House Ways and Means Committee Chairman Charlie Rangel , D-N.Y., denied media reports Tuesday night that he would step down as the head of the powerful tax...', 'While President Obama touts the new health care law everywhere he goes, some members of his party are saying just the opposite in re-election ads, making sure their ...', "An SUV traveling in the wrong highway lane collided head-on with a Greyhound bus early Friday, killing the SUV's driver and injuring several other people, the mayor ...", 'A collision between an 18-wheeler and a state van Friday left a fiery, mangled heap on a rural highway and killed six applicants for prison jobs and their driver, au...', 'No Injuries After Storm Reduces Alabama Skating Rink Filled With Preschoolers to Rubble', 'A powerful storm slammed into a skating rink filled with more than 30 preschoolers Wednesday, destroying the building as terrified youngsters huddled inside.One chil...', 'A boastful phone call appears to have helped lead to just the break the desperate sniper task force needed.Apparently intent on proving his murderous credentials, so...', 'Police investigating the Beltway Sniper issued an arrest warrant Wednesday for a 42-year-old former Army soldier they believe has information about the string of ter...', 'Five or six seats.That could mean the difference between House Speaker Nancy Pelosi (D-CA) wielding the gavel for a third-consecutive Congress next year -- or whethe...', '"Should I stay or should I go now? If I go there will be trouble...And if I stay it will be double." - The Clash, 1982Who knew that punk rockers like The Clash would...', "((Be the first to get exclusive political content with Fox News' new iPhone app ))The U.S. Chamber of Commerce will use much of its remaining political war chest to ...", 'Campaign frenzy is in full swing. President Obama has dispatched the First Lady to try and round up votes for democrats vying to keep their seats in Congress. With b...', 'This is a story about swamps and bathtubs. Swamps are a lot larger than bathtubs. And the time it takes to drain a swamp is inversely connected to the speed at which...']