['chops" that Nicole Kidman, Cruise\'s former wife, demonstrated a decade ago in London and Broadway productions of  David Hare \'s "The Blue Room." Daniel Radcliffe Project: The "Harry Potter" star, 19, will reprise his role as a less-than-stable ', 'starring role in a film about American photographer Lee Miller, The Independent reports. The script was written by Sir  David Hare , a friend of Kidman. She appeared naked on stage in the London and New York productions of his steamy play The Blue ', "definitely a star in England, where she made a triumphant (and partially nude) West End debut in 1998's production of  David Hare 's The Blue Room. She's set to return to the London stage this summer, for Henrik Ibsen's The Lady From the Sea ", "definitely a star in England, where she made a triumphant (and partially nude) West End debut in 1998's production of  David Hare 's The Blue Room. She's set to return to the London stage this summer, for Henrik Ibsen's The Lady From the Sea ", "definitely a star in England, where she made a triumphant (and partially nude) West End debut in 1998's production of  David Hare 's The Blue Room. She's set to return to the London stage this summer, for Henrik Ibsen's The Lady From the Sea ", "definitely a star in England, where she made a triumphant (and partially nude) West End debut in 1998's production of  David Hare 's The Blue Room. She's set to return to the London stage this summer, for Henrik Ibsen's The Lady From the Sea ", "definitely a star in England, where she made a triumphant (and partially nude) West End debut in 1998's production of  David Hare 's The Blue Room. She's set to return to the London stage this summer, for Henrik Ibsen's The Lady From the Sea ", "older country doctor. Kidman made a triumphant West End debut in 1998 when she briefly bared all in a production of  David Hare 's The Blue Room something she won't be doing in the upcoming period play. Reuters contributed to this story.", "older country doctor. Kidman made a triumphant West End debut in 1998 when she briefly bared all in a production of  David Hare 's The Blue Room something she won't be doing in the upcoming period play. Reuters contributed to this story."]