['A more glaring snub in the comedy category for Wilson is Eric Stonestreet being left out of the nominees for  best supporting actor , while three of his co-stars made the cut. "He\'s won twice, but to not even be nominated seems wrong ', 'starred as the supremely wise Jedi knight, Ben Obi-Wan Kenobi. The role earned him an Oscar nomination for  best supporting actor  in 1977. Guinness had earlier won an Academy Award for best actor in 1957 for "The Bridge on the River Kwai ', 'and films such as "What Women Want" and "The Aviator," for which he was nominated for an Oscar for  Best Supporting Actor . Alda has also starred in several Broadway plays including "Art" and "QED." He is also a wildly successful ', 'Helen Hunt, Hawkes\' co-star in "The Sessions," also won in the best supporting actress category. The  best supporting actor  award went to Matthew McConaughey for "Magic Mike." The Spirit Awards are intended to "celebrates artist-driven ', 'in a Trans Am. PHOTOS: Stars on the Red Carpet It was a long opening to the first award of the night, for  best supporting actor  -- one of the biggest tossups of the night. Christoph Waltz claimed the award for his role in "Django Unchained ', "corruption and scandal. All the President's Men - 1976 ( Best Supporting Actor , Best Adapted Screenplay,Best Art Direction, Best gained Academy Award nominations, Jason Robards won a  best supporting actor  Oscar for his portrayal of Washington Post editor Ben ", 'Hutton Hutton, who won an Oscar for  best supporting actor  for 1980\'s "Ordinary People Williams Williams, who won for  best supporting actor  for 1997\'s "Good Will Hunting Jr. After winning the Oscar for  best supporting actor  for 1996\'s "Jerry Maguire ', 'didn\'t think they were very funny. (Granted, they were a little hard to follow, and he had recently lost the  best supporting actor  in a drama award to "Django Unchained\'s" Christoph Waltz. ) FULL LIST: Golden Globe Award Winners Twitter ', 'The first award of the 70th annual Golden Globes Awards went to  best supporting actor  Christoph Waltz. Looking clean shaven and buzzed, in contrast to the bounty hunter character he plays in "Django Unchained ', 'Naomi Watts ("The Impossible"), 18/1; Quvenzhane Wallis ("Beasts Of The Southern Wild"), 30/1.  Best Supporting Actor  Winner: Tommy Lee Jones ("Lincoln"), 11/10; Phillip Seymour Hoffman ("The Master"), 7/5; Alan ', 'SNUB: Leonardo DiCaprio. The "Django" villain could\'ve finally clinched an Oscar had he been up for  best supporting actor , but the Academy left him out, instead nominating Christoph Waltz, DiCaprio\'s lovable co-star. "If ', 'fascism and oppression." Joe Pesci -  Best Supporting Actor , Goodfellas His entire acceptance angels." Cuba Gooding, Jr. -  Best Supporting Actor , Jerry Maguire As the music attempted love you all!" Jack Palance -  Best Supporting Actor , City Slickers Palance opened his ', 'Life of Pi" "Amour" "Django Unchained" "Argo" My Picks: Create an Oscar Ballot and Play With Friends  Best Supporting Actor : Christoph Waltz, "Django Unchained" Philip Seymour Hoffman, "The Master" Robert De Niro, "Silver Linings ', "got secrets all kinds of things are happening with. She's fascinating and Rooney Mara you win my award.  Best supporting actor  who he's going to win that award well I'm giving that want to Chris because so that is in the set fires ", "are happening with. She's fascinating and Rooney Mara you win my award. Best supporting actor who he's going to win that award well I'm giving that want to Chris because -- so that is in the set ", "beginning so you're an Oscar pool and home. You know these are the ones you can no you've got wrongly got right  best supporting actor  Tony Brown Lawrence of the now. Jonah Hill and money ball. Nick Nolte in warrior Christopher Plummer. Innings ", "are the ones you can -- no you've got wrongly got right best supporting actor Tony Brown -- Lawrence of the now. Jonah Hill and money ball. Nick Nolte in warrior Christopher Plummer. Innings and -- outside. ", 'Best Actor and  Best Supporting Actor  winners react to their big wins at the Academy Awards.', "It was 1997. When Cuba Gooding junior delivered that interest acceptance speech for his  best supporting actor  for Jerry Maguire. Even received a standing ovation. Here's what Oscar's best moments from this year's show. I do know ", "Cuba Gooding junior delivered that interest -- -- acceptance speech for his best supporting actor -- for Jerry Maguire. Even received a standing ovation. Here's what -- Oscar's best moments from this year's show. I do know ", "high for a smaller. It was an exciting kick start to the 85 annual Academy Awards. chains Christoph Waltz won  best supporting actor . And best supporting actress favorite Anne Hathaway also won her first Oscar. It's just been such an honor ", "85 annual Academy Awards. -- -- -- -- chains Christoph Waltz won best supporting actor . And best supporting actress favorite Anne Hathaway also won her first Oscar. It's just been such an honor thank you this year's "]