["was desperate to interview him. Given a promise of a sizable payment, Nixon agrees. Ron Howard's take on the 2006  Peter Morgan  play creates a palpable tension between the two damaged men as Michael Sheen's Frost breaks down Frank Langella's ", "and a lighter take on the news at OTUSNews.com 'Frost/Nixon' category: 2008 This 2008 film based on the 2006  Peter Morgan  play of the same name, vilifies Nixon while examining his role in the Watergate scandal through a series of televised ", 'had not done it, the crowd would have gone absolutely crazy." Revisionist History? Some thought they already had.  Peter Morgan , the Oscar-nominated screenwriter of "The Queen," said, "I didn\'t recognize my country. ... This seemed ', 'rooted in political history is rising to the top of the list of Oscar contenders. Based on a play of the same name by  Peter Morgan , the Ron Howard-directed "Frost/Nixon" stars Frank Langella as the former U.S. president and Michael Sheen ', 'must like fish and chips, because "The Other Boleyn Girl" is her fifth U.K.-set film since 2003. Screenwriter  Peter Morgan  ("The Queen") adapted Philippa Gregory\'s novel about the 16th-century Tudor court\'s elaborate web of intrigue ', 'up for economic wobbliness in the USA. "Europe is no longer the sick man of the developed world," HSBC economist  Peter Morgan  says. Domestic Asian markets are stronger than they used to be, too. Asian governments have kept a lid on inflation ', 'play, and that is exactly what "Frost/Nixon" is. But the play\'s author, British screen and television writer  Peter Morgan , 44, is not exactly an unknown, having scripted the Oscar-nominated screenplay for "The Queen" and co-authored ', 'actor, as is widely expected, they will both be saying thank you to the same man for the lines that got them the nod.  Peter Morgan , a 43-year-old Brit, is the hottest writer in Hollywood, nominated for the best screenplay Oscar for "The Queen ', 'actor, as is widely expected, they will both be saying thank you to the same man for the lines that got them the nod.  Peter Morgan , a 43-year-old Brit, is the hottest writer in Hollywood, nominated for the best screenplay Oscar for "The Queen ', 'with Katrina," she said, "and I just wanted to be in the season, be in the Christmas spirit. It helped me."  Peter Morgan  lost his home, but his Christmas decorations survived in the attic and he decided to decorate his FEMA trailer from ', "about president don't certain about ranged units involved rarely called Dixon reunites actor Michael Sheen and writer  Peter Morgan  from the queen action in this tale of the disgraced president hopes for redemption time. You know you can can't thank ", "units involved rarely called -- Dixon reunites actor Michael Sheen and writer Peter Morgan from the queen action in this tale of the disgraced president hopes for -- redemption time. You know you can -- can't ", "think if she knocked on the would have gone absolutely crazy. Some thought they already had I didn't recognize. for  Peter Morgan  is the Oscar nominated screenwriter of the movie the queen that seemed like a deranged. And nationality rules going ", "crazy. Some thought they already had I didn't recognize. -- -- for Peter Morgan is the Oscar nominated screenwriter of the movie the queen that seemed like a deranged. And nationality rules going all and people ", 'and law had his foot letters from the eulogy that. Michael and for illegally sunshine. Yet more than what pat And  Peter Morgan  for the queen. For adapted screenplay. We have Sacha Baron Cohen Anthony Dan Masur in Todd Phillips for Barak. Alfonso ', 'and for illegally sunshine. Yet more than -- what pat -- And Peter Morgan for the queen. For adapted screenplay. We have Sacha Baron Cohen Anthony -- Dan Masur in Todd Phillips for Barak. Alfonso get ', 'seemed that need. For national of the dialogue it was under the from and is still 43 year old British screenwriter  Peter Morgan  now nominated for an Academy Award. Took this iconic public event. And filled in the tantalizing private blanks ', 'the -- from -- and is still 43 year old British screenwriter Peter Morgan now nominated for an Academy Award. Took this iconic public event. And filled in the tantalizing private blanks. With a fictionalized account ']