['America\'s favorite bachelor,  George Clooney  , or France\'s comedic genius his character in the 2009 film " Up in the Air " in which he played another emotionally extraordinarily confident in \' Up in the Air \' and the character in \'The Descendants ', 'Bull\'?" Thelma Adams asked. The Descendants Star  George Clooney  is the favorite going into the Best Actor race and low-key story." Remember that other Clooney vehicle, " Up in the Air ," where he played another emotionally unavailable ', 'flight. They\'ll personally escort you through security." The Real \' Up in the Air \' The feat is reminiscent of the 2009 movie "  Up in the Air  " in which  George Clooney \'s high-flying character details the life of a 10-million-miler ', "earn them. That is, of course, if you don't mind being on the road almost as much as the  George Clooney  character in the 2009 movie  Up in the Air . For example, to get to the perk-qualifying level, the average user had to be traveling about ", 'Hangover." -- Scared-as-S--t Moment: Amanda Seyfried, "Jennifer\'s Body." -- Breakout Star:  Anna Kendrick , " Up in the Air ." -- Female Performance: Kristen Stewart, "The Twilight Saga: New Moon." -- Male Performance: Robert ', 'these Q&A\'s and working right away. And I haven\'t really seen -- actually, I saw -- " Up in the Air " the other night, and loved  George  [ Clooney ] \'s performance, and that whole movie was wonderful. I saw Avatar. Weir: How long have ', 'Friday, including best supporting actress Oscar nominee  Anna Kendrick  , Denise Richards, Tila Tequila, and "Entourage" stars Perry Reeves and Rex Lee. Kendrick\'s " Up in the Air " co-star, Adam Rose -- aka Make Out Dave, the ', 'Flier" -- about Tom Stuker, one of the world\'s most frequent fliers and a real-life  George Clooney  (with variations, of course) from " Up in the Air ." The story began as this ABCNews.com report in December by Scott Mayerowitz that was ', 'Golden Globe for best actor for his role in "Crazy Heart," the quietly inspiring performance of  George Clooney  as a lost businessman in "  Up in the Air  " and Jeremy Renner as a member of an Army bomb squad in enemy territory in "The Hurt Locker ', 'best supporting actress contender  Anna Kendrick  looks radiant, but you\'d never movie that got her nominated. In "  Up in the Air  ," Kendrick plays a prim and proper Bones ," and Jason Reitman\'s " Up in the Air ," an adaptation of Walter Kim\'s ', 'airport-and-hotel drama " Up in the Air ," characters played by  Vera Farmiga  and  Anna Kendrick  teach a frequent flier ( George Clooney ) very different work in " Up in the Air ."  Vera impossible in \' Up in the Air ,\'" Gold not only  George Clooney \'s lover ', 'where\'d he get that?"  George Clooney  is nominated for best hatchet-man Ryan Bingham in " Up in the Air ." It\'s the star\'s never-before-seen photos of  George Clooney  from his early years never-before-seen photos of  George Clooney  from his early years ', 'mean Oscar nature. Is  up in the air  a movie starring  George Clooney  deer farm and  Anna Kendrick . And and beer will everything. This is  up in the air  day at popcorn and we Will that Jason be  George Clooney . For this moment ', "a major going on right now and I mean Oscar nature. Is up in the air a movie starring George Clooney deer farm -- and Anna Kendrick . And and beer will be with us in just a minute along with the film's writer and director Jason Reitman. But right ", "it pretty pedestrian numbers. Sixty felony domestic. Impeachment. Will that Jason be George Clooney . For this moment. And He could say who George place and then we'll move on to this -- this I don't wanna hear anything from -- non interest right you created this from Walter -- you're really cares about yeah I just wanna know I George. Who you plan look at not gonna play in disarray test I absolutely the. Brightening at played by George Clooney is a guy who fires people for a fires have been pretty bad economy and that is true like -- collecting air ", 'has all but is something missing it. Plus -- I had seen George Clooney really follow on screen was outside about ten years. Treason in the national. Enforcement of and a lot of -- all. And ', 'see the new  George Clooney  film  up in the air  was produced of Oscar  Up in the air  is a completely answer that  George Clooney . What is it about  George Clooney  without in played by  Anna Kendrick . You gotta come out.  Up in the air  is one of ', "First what movie to see the new George Clooney film up in the air was produced and directed by Jason Reitman the director of -- And yes the son of Ivan Reitman ghostbusters fame. Josh dropped off our Friday at the movies reviewer thinks this dark comedy is gonna get a lot of Oscar -- Up in the air is a completely likable comedy about corporate downsizing. Yes it's a movie that's very charming but also about people getting fired. And if you're wondering how such a contradiction could be made to work. There's only two words to answer that George Clooney . -- -- -- What is it about George Clooney without in the year He might have Christmas substantial role He plays a guy named Ryan Bingham -- eight. A corporate hatchet and he's hired by companies. To fly around the country and basically do the firing for them they're too scared to fire their own employees this is a very Carey grant like performance. My mother stereo -- It's fast complicating Ryan's life are two women who come into the film the first is a younger co worker -- who's played by Anna Kendrick . You gotta tell -- -- miles and what is that about. And talking about the woman that comes into Ryan's life is ", 'see the new  George Clooney  film  up in the air  was produced of Oscar  Up in the air  is a completely answer that  George Clooney . What is it about  George Clooney  with a He played by  Anna Kendrick . You filming come out.  Up in the air  is one of ', "on the webcast Gaza bikers how young Palestinian guys spend their Fridays. Up in the air we're gonna bring you our review of Jason Reitman -- dramatic comedy starring George Clooney . And rap artists America's best manipulators of ribbons and wrapping Paper will wow you. Way to see the gift wrapping competition but ", "And out of the weekend first what movie to see the new George Clooney film up in the air was produced and directed by Jason Reitman the director of -- And yes the son of Ivan Reitman ghostbusters -- Josh dropped off our Friday at the movies reviewer thinks this dark comedy is gonna get a lot of Oscar -- Up in the air is a completely likable comedy. About corporate downsizing yes it's a movie that's very charming but also about people getting fired and if you're wondering how such a contradiction can be made to work. There's only two words to answer that George Clooney . -- -- -- What is it about George Clooney with a -- He might have Christmas substantial role He plays a guy named Ryan -- who say. A corporate hatchet man he's hired by companies. To fly around the country and basically do the firing for them they're too scared to fire their own employees this is a very Carey grant like performance. My mother stereo -- It's faster complicating Ryan's life are two women who come into the film the first is a younger co worker of his who's played by Anna Kendrick . You -- filming on the -- -- what is that about. And talking about the woman that comes into Ryan's life is ", 'Here for make it  up in the air . Maggie Gyllenhaal in crazy  Anna Kendrick  in  up in the air . And Monique in in crazy heart.  George Clooney  in  up in the air . in a single man Rivera there. And  up in the air  getting into the ', 'role off. Penelope Cruz in nine. Here -- for make -- it up in the air Maggie Gyllenhaal in crazy -- Anna Kendrick in up in the air And Monique in precious one. Thank you for best performance by an actor in a supporting role the nominees are. Matt Damon ', "But nominated as  George Clooney  for  up in the air . George a lot of winning 802 actresses  Anna Kendrick  and your foreign media in  up in the air  where George Who woman who played  George Clooney 's love interest ", 'have to talk on the down drink some more. But nominated as George Clooney for up in the air . George a lot of people think putting himself in this movie a guy who is anti commitments rights and hit -- universe ', "is that -- senator -- I'm I'm love the winning 802 actresses Anna Kendrick and your foreign media in up in the air where George -- Who was spectacular. Via army that was the woman who played George Clooney's love interest in -- she did arts -- -- they snapshot. Monique what -- I don't care if -- got up and ", 'going to know our guest from her oscar nominated turn in  up in the air . Also as bella swan\'s bff in the "twilight" series the animated movie, "paranorman." Please welcome  anna kendrick . I\'m hearing a siren song in the audience. Keeping ', 'you\'re going to know our guest from her oscar nominated turn in up in the air . Also as bella swan\'s bff in the "twilight" series, now she\'s take on a new role in the animated movie, "paranorman." Please welcome anna kendrick . I\'m hearing a siren song in the audience. Keeping it creative. We\'ll check the boxes. Vampire, check, werewolves, check, now zombies and ', "at the top it and almost every I mean we're one point suddenly you're in twilight now c'mon. Then it's like  up in the air  its action. Yet. Doesn't that a lot of stuff for there's. Just. I don't know what that. Take 55. I remember ", "we're one point suddenly you're in twilight now c'mon. Then it's like up in the air its action. Yet. Doesn't that -- -- a lot of stuff for there's. Just. I don't know what -- that. Take 55. "]