['This week on "Popcorn with Peter Travers," Peter names the best and worst movies of the year so far!', 'All right now best supporting actors who is that. Down east and in the artists they different. Jessica testing and help but it could have been any one two two eight this year. Melissa McCarthy bridesmaids and what would be your comedy. He is the representation. Of that comedy. Janet here in Albert', "Best Supporting actress'  Prada gown might not have been the star's first choice for red carpet.", 'Naomi Watts, Jessica Chastain join  Best Supporting Actress  winner as standouts on the red carpet.', "exciting kick start to the 85 annual Academy Awards. chains Christoph Waltz won best supporting actor. And  best supporting actress  favorite Anne Hathaway also won her first Oscar. It's just been such an honor thank you this year's show ", "-- -- -- -- chains Christoph Waltz won best supporting actor. And best supporting actress favorite Anne Hathaway also won her first Oscar. It's just been such an honor thank you this year's show was also jammed ", "andhopefully live for a long time. And boy, this time, did I do it. Reporter: Also getting it right,  best supporting actress , anne hathaway and the dream she dreamed. It came true. Reporter: Mark wahlberg PRESENTED WITH seth MacFarlane's ", "boy, this time, did I do it. Reporter: Also getting it right, best supporting actress , anne hathaway and the dream she dreamed. It came true. Reporter: Mark wahlberg PRESENTED WITH seth MacFarlane's ted. No b.S., We have ", "help with your pools I don't encourage gambling. But this is the way it is. First category is going to be  best supporting actress  Amy Adams in the master. Sally Field in Lincoln and Hathaway and name is rob Helen Hunt in the sessions and ", 'this is the way it is. First category is going to be best supporting actress Amy Adams in the master. Sally Field in Lincoln and Hathaway and name is rob Helen Hunt in the sessions and Jacki ', 'screen remake of broadway\'s "les mis," taking home three statues. Anne hathaway dreamed a dream and won as  best supporting actress . Thank you for this lovely blunt object. Reporter: Her cotar, hugh jackman, won for best actor. Baby ', 'taking home three statues. Anne hathaway dreamed a dream and won as best supporting actress . Thank you for this lovely blunt object. Reporter: Her cotar, hugh jackman, won for best actor. Baby, thank you, for always being ', "Maggie Smith. Who is in two movies. Best exotic marigolds hotel and quartet we on Downton and they said.  Best supporting actress  it's not use of Jackie Weaver god and Surprise in here is that everybody in. Silver linings playbook is ", "marigolds hotel and quartet we -- on Downton -- and they said. Best supporting actress it's not use of Jackie Weaver god and -- Surprise in here is that everybody in. Silver linings playbook is nominated people ", 'Spielberg. rob learned eight nominations in all with Hugh Jackman up for best actor and then have to wait for  best supporting actress . And silver linings playbook also earned eight with four acting nominations including Jennifer Lawrence for ', 'Hugh Jackman up for best actor and then have to wait for best supporting actress . And silver linings playbook also earned eight with four acting nominations including Jennifer Lawrence for best actress and Bradley Cooper for best ', "hour so they'll surely be a best actor front runner. Reading Lincoln denominations that ought to include  best supporting actress  for Sally Field madam president things Tommy Lee Jones for supporting actor and best picture Critically acclaimed ", 'a best actor front runner. Reading Lincoln denominations that ought to include best supporting actress for Sally Field madam president -- things Tommy Lee Jones for supporting actor and best picture -- Critically acclaimed at zero dark ', "happening today I got an The 2012 nominees for best  performance by an actress in a supporting role  are. Sally Field in Lincoln. And Hathaway in lame and quartet we lover on Downton And they said.  Best supporting actress  it's not use of Jackie Weaver got in there Surprising ", "marigolds hotel and quartet we lover on Downton -- And they said. Best supporting actress it's not use of Jackie Weaver got in there -- Surprising here is that everybody in. Silver linings playbook is nominated people ", 'And homeland and homeland Sophia for our. Washington Julianne Moore. But did not mention Julie Bowen one  best supporting actress  for modern family. Any big surprises you think. Any big surprises. You know I think I Sophia currently right ', 'our. Washington -- Julianne Moore. But did not mention Julie Bowen one best supporting actress for modern family. Any -- big surprises you think. Any big surprises. You know I think I Sophia currently right smoking hot ', "couldn't be anything without his wife Mary Todd. And she's played by Sally Field just. Perhaps. The  best supporting actress  of the year by the film critics of the time member. And now. Here is Sally Field of the the beginning that ", "wife Mary Todd. And she's played by Sally Field just. Perhaps. The best supporting actress of the year by the -- -- film critics of the time -- member. And now. Here is Sally Field -- -- ", 'it\'s not even out yet. It\'s terrific. You know how much they\'ll be talking about it. Look at the  best supporting actress  category to get an idea of how much competition there will be there. Amy adams for "the master," sally ', 'You know how much they\'ll be talking about it. Look at the best supporting actress category to get an idea of how much competition there will be there. Amy adams for "the master," sally field for "lincoln," ', "Patient was Octavia Spencer who won the Oscar for  best supporting actress  for her role. In the help. And help me. Help me. Saying congratulations. To. Okay. Okay. O'clock I'm going to ask Robin ", "Patient was Octavia Spencer who won the Oscar for best supporting actress for her role. In the help. And help me. Help me. Saying congratulations. To. Okay. Okay. O'clock I'm going to ask Robin "]