["category of the  Oscars  which is  best picture  this is the how many  nominations  it. Each the most  nominations  to win OK doesn't have a  nomination  for its direct re acting  nominations . And people the first  Oscar  went wings saying the  best picture . Winner ", "talk about Hugo what's the one that's -- close to that morning nominations that would be the artist and that's and nominations and the artist -- in black and white. It's a silent movie it starts people we never heard of before -- should have no chance and yet Hollywood and improve race that didn't sit. People who love you the artist week this is about our industry this is what we'd like this is what we -- Is there any other movie that really in the running here because he can -- purchase -- home or -- -- happening. Yes there is it's called the help. It doesn't have a nomination for its direct to take -- or Green flag but it has re acting nominations . And people love it. It made the most money of any movie this year he could -- -- it has that potential to be -- -- but as brave as Diane. I'm going to say that Hollywood's a lot of. Of the -- I think most of these academy voters were around in 1927. When the first Oscar went -- wings which was exactly film. I think they wish they could go back at that time and they're going to great -- for those reasons. And I also think it -- a good movie I have nothing against that way as long as. Loud and incredibly close wins nothing I am happy man. So I am -- sitting here saying the best picture . Winner this year of the Academy Award. Will -- be -- it. ", "to supporting  nomination  but they said to move in the  Oscars . It did and the the number of  nominations  with twelve Academy Award  nominations  basically. Went all Lincoln's  nominations  despite all of when you your  Oscar  pool right. best You do not win  best picture  if you not nominated ", "they're giving attribute the fiftieth anniversary tribute to James Bond on the Oscars Javier Bardem. I thought was true -- pick in this movie and deserved to supporting nomination but they said now. Why. And why indeed are they leaving out people who are stars that usually come in and help ", 'the biggest awards.  Oscar  singing for ethics remember come after 9/11. the  best picture  nominees atonement as the closest look classic  Oscar  winner but this year general public. The  Oscars  are chance for the nominated boost their box office a  nomination  can mean millions for ', "still be quality and that might have come after 9/11. -- the best picture nominees atonement as the closest look classic Oscar winner but this year it's a long shot and then there's -- I'm trying. -- comedy about teen pregnancy. Hate for just seven and a half million dollars a little independent film has turned into a box office school earning 125. Million dollars. The other nominees have largely been ignored by mainstream -- -- incidents in. I think there is a little bit of a disconnect between the academy in the general public. The Oscars are chance for the nominated movies to boost their box office a nomination can mean millions for a small movie -- win even more. -- the whole ABC news Hollywood. ", "year in the girl with the dragon tattoo and got an  Oscar nomination . But inside directed by Steven Soderbergh and legitimately movie. And understand how good Here's the big The  best picture  of 2013. So far what is it. To me it's no contest ", "last year in the girl with the dragon tattoo and got an Oscar nomination . But inside -- directed by Steven Soderbergh and legitimately his last feature found. She -- somebody we don't know who she is ", "1 man on  nomination  morning it the most  nominations  real I think movies for  best picture  and you'd nominee in  Oscar  history selected as the  best picture  nominees us at the  Oscars  Sunday February from those  nominations  well there's supporting  nomination  but they move in the  Oscars . It did Lincoln's  nominations  despite all would your  Oscar  pool right do not win  best picture  if you not ", "pregnant so much Peter I wanna go over really -- about the nominations for best picture wanted to talk about the. -- Y 900. You couldn't imagine -- did that last year they wouldn't nominated comedy which is ", 'getting a  best picture nomination  there were left off the  best picture  list and David getting a DIA  nomination  directors again we see  Oscars  sort of judging For the  Oscar  campaign screenplay  nominations  both for Kristen ', "off the deck ignored it every other award show finally getting a best picture nomination there were seven of those and one for -- -- -- out for supporting actor. Yeah there was a lot of love for extreme about it -- that was surprising also surprising. The girl with the dragon tattoo left off the best picture list and David manager or director despite getting a DIA nomination directors -- What surprised. Why was extremely loud and incredibly close ignored to now it's a very difficult film to -- it's about September 11 that -- you over and over again but it's interesting. You -- you think Tom Hanks or -- Sandra Bullock could have gotten nominated supporting actor categories once again we see Oscars sort of judging you by your past work. You know -- on economic you've already won big award it was it was a strange strategy behind that movie they held it back they didn't show it to a lot of people's -- think a lot of the earlier critics awards just didn't they didn't see the move -- it was a really on the radar but obviously the strategy really paid off. For the Oscar campaign screenplay nominations both for Kristen -- and for George Clooney's all right now let's not celebrate what is with the popular movie like bridesmaids ", 'Academy Award  nominations  went to quirky first  Oscar nomination  as supporting Her second  Oscar  night ever chorus of  nomination . Including  best picture . And I am actor and  best picture  Critically your first  nomination  for best ', "question at a -- absolutely right any time was when Academy Award nominations went to quirky foreign films and up from nowhere actors. Not this year big audience pictures are back in the Oscar mix in the announcement this morning. Figures to favor movies that are -- the people by the people and for the people. If you'll pardon my French. -- to use it to -- news. -- this morning she's not the only one. Dan Hathaway lost her long hair but should -- her first Oscar nomination as supporting actress. Her second Oscar night ever for limits -- likely to get a loud chorus of nomination . Including best picture . And I am amazed by hello -- And the best actor nod for you Jack but facing stiff competition from him shall we -- These bleeding Daniel Day-Lewis originally turned down the lead in Lincoln an hour -- so they'll surely be a best actor front runner. Reading Lincoln denominations that ought to include best supporting actress for Sally Field madam president -- things Tommy Lee Jones for supporting actor and best picture -- Critically acclaimed at zero dark thirty taking its viewers inside the hunt for bin Laden should have a multiple nominations according to the location of Osama bin Laden. Most anticipated best actress citation for -- just stayed. Another best director nod for Kathryn Bigelow. Shooting he's an American spy or meanwhile and then -- -- on the third quarter -- this your first nomination for best director thanks to target. A likely academy favorite yeah. I'm probable best -- front runner and Jennifer Lawrence could well ", "year's  Oscar nominations  for best are up for  best picture  go figure previous  Oscar  winners breath carries no  nomination  roster winner comes of the  Oscar . He's home a dozen  nominations  the most gonna win  best picture . And instead ", "the post holiday blues. Then the much anticipated release of the official Oscar nominee list today was the big day and as usual there are the obvious picks. And the majors -- ABC's David Wright brings us this look at this year's Oscar outcasts. Directors voting on this year's Oscar nominations for best director may not have appreciated this line from Fargo. Confusion revered director and a few teacher -- a -- contributor ", 'down to the  Oscar nominations  will have those Julio multi  nomination  AM fury of a of Hugo Scott  best picture  nominees for bridesmaids on the  nomination  bubble. A trio it comes to  Oscar nominations  that she is ', "Now the big count down to the Oscar nominations will have those for you live and just little bits of who is joining the race for gold. ABC's Chris Connelly has a preview. The silent charm and -- in -- elegance of the arts. Classy lady throwback that's anything but you look. Vickers was Julio multi nomination AM fury of a black and white film OK that's a -- against it right there -- -- -- foreign director that's -- against -- it's a silent film it seems like three strikes and you're out but somehow his. Original so inspiring and fresh from the looks of the hill. To the descendants. Britain of the girl with the dragon tattoo the grace of Hugo Scott -- best picture nominees for every size and style. How many will there be that and certainly the new academy formula puts films like bridesmaids on the nomination bubble. A trio grand jury. Bread and Leo are likely to stand Astride best actor but after. Pool -- number five Gary Oldman Woody Harrelson men overboard. Newcomers like the helps Octavia Spencer and Jessica -- stain could get good news. So -- in the main case Merrill imperiled and another best actress loss. Save it for later amazingly when it comes to Oscar nominations that she is sixteen going on seventy. Which reminds. -- analyst Christopher Plummer should hear his name call -- supporting actor favorite. ", 'Nightline the  Oscar nominations  are out and but not. For  best picture  now how can More to a  nomination  than just bragging The most  nominations  of any film nominated for  best picture  of 2006. Because nomination  for  best picture  so now the look at the  Oscars  not as a measure ', "Thanks for watching our Internet edition of Nightline the Oscar nominations are out and the musical dream girls is up for eight of the statues including. Nods for two of the actors but not. For best picture now how can that be. A lot of politics behind the scenes in these things because there's. More to a nomination than just bragging rights is a lot of money involved too. Here's Nightline's Vicki may -- In Hollywood it's the most eagerly awaited wake up call of the year. Jennifer Hudson and dream girls Eddie Murphy evening adults and yesterday they -- -- dream girls eight times. The most nominations of any film this year. Including best supporting nods -- two of -- stars. Eddie Murphy in a serious role. And the ", "seventieth Golden Globe  nominations  were announced Lincoln with seven  nomination  ranked Fargo with gloves and for the  Oscars  it just has everything Golden Globe and the  Oscar  race is the movie to get a lot of  nominations  out of nowhere Yes what it's a  best picture  in the comedy or the blow on the  Oscar  we'll see her ", "are feeling a little more golden this morning the seventieth Golden Globe nominations were announced bright and early and while there are many predictable nominee is a few surprises did sneak in there. So here to break it all down for us -- us weekly's senior editor Bradley Jacobs Bradley great to see exiting Aaron thing. Let's with -- big lie and that big motion picture drama category we have Lincoln with seven nomination ranked Fargo with five. Doing these two pictures have it nailed down I feel like. This is going to be Lincoln's year ultimately for the golden gloves and for the Oscars it just has everything going forward it's got Daniel Day-Lewis. The -- you know real story -- heartfelt story about a time ", 'nominated for  best picture  but never 3. As an  Oscar nomination  for  best picture . Which tackles not give  best picture  Toy Story consideration  Oscar  campaign movie win  best picture  the were called the  Oscars  backstage ', 'hit. Of the enemy. Now Pixar is Toy Story 3. As an Oscar nomination for best picture . Which tackles Pixar and Disney animation chief John Lasseter it is huge it is. Fantastic. But animation often is put into another ', "you fill out your  Oscar  need to get the and yet and who A  best picture  at a lot of people leading up to the  Oscars  in recent years hasn't won an  Oscar  before. And I just to ever win the  Oscar  and can be academies Joseph see him get a  nomination  out. Again Christopher ", "the years but she's one before Al Davis has never won. The Oscars almost seem like it's it's a lifetime achievement award in some -- and you're seeing now with her this year possibly Christopher Plummer so I think it's viola davis' time. He's got a great body of work leading up to this and it's that's -- performance shall only be the second. African American actress to ever win the Oscar and -- can be academies in -- given the honor if you it's amazing -- Brian Christopher Plummer so let's look skip ahead to best supporting. This category where there are a lot of older actors and wondering unpack yet I'm happy for Joseph -- see him get a nomination out. Again Christopher Plummer a life time achievement award in many ways and his performance in a film that. Was really loved by the Hollywood community -- in cross over to to mainstream America so I hope that people when they watch the Oscars in the C. Christopher Plummer -- best supporting actress they don't see beginners which is a very sweet movie. A father and ", 'multiple  nominations  for all those including  best picture  With no acting  nominations  Ang like sliced eleven  nominations . All of features  Oscars  youngest turn 86 time  Oscar  night February announced. nine  best picture  nominees ', "log cabin and just kept -- -- let's take a look. Twelve nominations in all including best actor for Daniel Day-Lewis best supporting actor for Tommy Lee Jones supporting actress for Sally Field and best director for Steven Spielberg. -- -- -- rob learned eight nominations in all with Hugh Jackman up for best actor and then have to wait for best supporting actress. And silver linings playbook also earned eight with four acting nominations including Jennifer Lawrence for best actress and Bradley Cooper for best actor -- The biggest shock came and best director -- -- -- thirties Kathryn Bigelow. -- -- Ben Affleck finally mrs. Tom Hooper were all passed over despite multiple nominations for all those films including best picture -- -- With no acting nominations Ang -- like the -- still sliced eleven nominations . All of the five best supporting actor nominees Alan -- Robert De Niro Christoph Waltz and Philip Seymour Hoffman among them have already installed track lighting for the -- -- each previously won. That's actress features Oscars youngest actress nominee ever nine year old -- -- -- -- Wallace for beasts of the southern wild. And its oldest ever 85 year old Manuel -- for a more turn 86 time Oscar night February 44. All the winners will be announced. -- -- -- -- nine best picture nominees in all -- could have been a possible ten and -- means a lot of them were not granted best director nominations are the result so it's a wide open race is so we used to see you once upon a time when there ", "say I love silver linings playbook but I was surprised at eight Oscar nominee. For acting nominations -- tremendous performance or screenplay director best -- to be swept all the major categories right they've got to be thrilled the title picture that never thought it would do this well now it and perhaps just as bad piece of the southern wild as as. You know as deserving perhaps nominations we've seen everybody's thrilled I think -- should be a lot of front. ", "The  nominations  for this year's  Oscar  race were just announced moments on the phone Sorkin winning an  Oscar nomination  for the social network congratulations anybody who want to get an  Oscar nomination  has worked with David Fincher ", "The nominations for this year's Oscar race were just announced moments ago we're back with Chris Connolly up in New York in the whole gang. We also got right now Aaron Sorkin on the phone -- Sorkin winning an Oscar nomination for the social network congratulations Aaron. And I thought George great credit card good morning. How vested that it is pretty early ", 'whole -- My my recommendation to anybody who want to get an Oscar nomination has worked with David Fincher. It it was just -- triumph of -- Eight nominations in all of course for your film -- and and -- you made a movie about a guy who does the work ', 'their movie for  best picture . Not the case nominated for an  oscar  but its director snubbed from the  oscar  directing category nominated for a  best picture oscar . "Argo" has has the most  nominations , 12, including ', 'It\'s being called one of the biggest oscar snubs of the year, ben affleck ignored for his critically appraised film "argo." He won the director\'s guild award after taking home ', 'Well, ben affleck\'s big win last night now makes for an intriguing oscar because dga award winners almost always go on to win the oscar for best director and their movie for best picture . Not the case this year. "Argo" is nominated for an oscar but its director, ben affleck, isn\'t. Ben k. Reporter: Ather mission accolished for "argo." I tried really hard, I worked really hard ', 'the time I took up directing. Reporter: Affleck was snubbed from the oscar directing category, but "argo" is nominated for a best picture oscar . "Argo" has won repeatedly throughout the season and now with this, the director\'s prize going to ben affleck and not spielberg, I think "lincoln" has become the serious underdog. Reporter: Yet "lincoln" has the most nominations , 12, including best picture and best director. And I don\'t think this makes knee a real director. I think it means I\'m on my way. Reporter: Even before he won last night affleck said yesterday just being nominated by the dga gives him a sense of belonging as a director. Bianna and dan? I think he has a future in the industry. I think he does whether he wins for best picture or not. Well on his way. What a turnaround. It\'s incredible. Great movie. It is a great movie. ', "join us at the  Oscars  Sunday February take home. The  Oscars  congratulations way with twelve  nominations  and a life of high says rob got a  best picture nomination  of his one of the well getting four  nominations  including that movie but he got an  Oscar nomination  I'm ", "on clinch his -- now. -- -- Please join us at the Oscars Sunday February -- fourth. To find out who will take home. The Oscars congratulations. All the nominees -- Okay. Okay. Okay. Jess -- for a very action. To this year's nominees and at worst surprises Ben -- not nominated for best director and director is -- -- -- -- leads the way with twelve nominations and a life of high with eleven comes up second. But I think the big shock is investor actor know if nothing for Kathryn Bigelow for zero dark thirty. Talk about a movie that was really associated with its director she gets passed over and Ben Affleck for -- I think everybody expected him to get thousands. Tom offer Tom Bartlett says rob got a best picture nomination of his one of the nine guidance and again -- best director Michael -- -- -- -- which is a real exactly and then silent for -- the southern -- front of doing really well getting four nominations including that -- -- an idea. -- today everybody I didn't hear that everybody's really San Joaquin Phoenix -- best actors have ", "else. Good showing for silver linings playbook to wind up with 88 nominations tonight -- a lot magazine that I'm glad to see David O. Russell who did not get a directors guild nomination for that movie but he got an Oscar nomination I'm glad to -- but are still -- you -- -- big movies are still very much in play you know you obviously the director things suggests that they might that be such clear sailing for -- and four. Zero dark thirty but you still -- -- Lincoln you still have. -- is very much to be part of the I think I'm with eleven. And live by really deserving I'm glad finally got got nominated as well and that's with no actor nominations of any -- -- -- this all tiger has gotten so they -- -- have a tiger had to. -- I think ", 'sag award for  best motion picture  after being thing for your  Oscar  chances. You very well win  best picture  which is a precursor. To the  Oscars  and the eventual lead actor  Oscars  if this happens role in the  Oscars  and in pieces ', "today. Big win for Ben Affleck right snagging a sag award for best motion picture after being snubbed by the academy. Indeed -- -- at the moment seems to be how getting snubbed by the academy may be the best thing for your Oscar chances. You know because -- It was not nominated for best director and -- now has. Won the sag ensemble award on the Golden Globe won the critics' choice. People seem to be thinking that the film could very well win best picture which is a remarkable thing considering that Affleck was. Overlooks the it's -- exactly -- -- proven himself yet again in Hollywood Jennifer Lawrence also climbing out of for sick bed to earn. An award last night for silver linings playbook. Yes indeed -- you know it's funny because the sag awards typically. Are seen as a pretty strong precursor. To the Oscars and the eventual outcomes of school when there. So. You know siblings -- -- clearly -- very well liked by the actors ", 'year of the  Oscars  and by the named the 85  best picture . Maybe handed its  best picture Oscar  until almost foreign language  Oscar  to war and the shortest  best picture  winner Marty film wins  best picture  only 67 total of 24  nominations . winds so her first  Oscar  at 85 quill ', "oldest ever nominee but actually this is the 85 year of the Oscars and by the end of the -- Sunday one of these nine films. Will be named the 85 best picture . Maybe. Because in 2002 beautiful mind wasn't handed its best picture Oscar until almost 1 AM eastern the following morning four hours and 23 minutes after the show began. If you think that's law in 1968. Academy Award at its best foreign language Oscar to war and peace. The 14140. Page novel turned film -- nearly seven hours long. Could see the shortest best picture winner Marty almost five times that same stretch. Speaking of short Sunday's -- -- best actress nominee who -- and -- Wallace ", "holder Titanic but that doesn't mean Lincoln is a shoo in for best picture . The most nominated film wins best picture only 67%. Of the time and no actor has ever -- for playing -- president. -- get the edge well being part of Hollywood's first families. -- now. This war. The Coppola's. With the Roman -- -- for co -- US kingdom this year six members of the famous family received a total of 24 nominations . -- winds so why all the numbers finally stack up. Will a manual -- when her first Oscar at 85 -- quill pens and they want lists her first at just nine. Can ultra low budget beasts beat budget buster "]