['This week on "Popcorn with Peter Travers," Peter names the best and worst movies of the year so far!', "beginning so you're an Oscar pool and home. You know these are the ones you can no you've got wrongly got right  best supporting actor  Tony Brown Lawrence of the now. Jonah Hill and money ball. Nick Nolte in warrior Christopher Plummer. Innings ", "are the ones you can -- no you've got wrongly got right best supporting actor Tony Brown -- Lawrence of the now. Jonah Hill and money ball. Nick Nolte in warrior Christopher Plummer. Innings and -- outside. ", 'Best Actor and  Best Supporting Actor  winners react to their big wins at the Academy Awards.', "It was 1997. When Cuba Gooding junior delivered that interest acceptance speech for his  best supporting actor  for Jerry Maguire. Even received a standing ovation. Here's what Oscar's best moments from this year's show. I do know ", "Cuba Gooding junior delivered that interest -- -- acceptance speech for his best supporting actor -- for Jerry Maguire. Even received a standing ovation. Here's what -- Oscar's best moments from this year's show. I do know ", "high for a smaller. It was an exciting kick start to the 85 annual Academy Awards. chains Christoph Waltz won  best supporting actor . And best supporting actress favorite Anne Hathaway also won her first Oscar. It's just been such an honor ", "85 annual Academy Awards. -- -- -- -- chains Christoph Waltz won best supporting actor . And best supporting actress favorite Anne Hathaway also won her first Oscar. It's just been such an honor thank you this year's ", "prepared. Go with channing tatum. Okay, he's better. Reporter: Another nominee, matthew McConaughey won  best supporting actor  foragic mike. My first oscar prediction we won't hear a speech like tha tonight. Probably a good prediction ", "with channing tatum. Okay, he's better. Reporter: Another nominee, matthew McConaughey won best supporting actor foragic mike. My first oscar prediction we won't hear a speech like tha tonight. Probably a good prediction to make, chris. Have ", "are much closer he says back best director we'll go to Spielberg for Lincoln. Tommy Lee Jones we'll get  best supporting actor  and Jennifer Lawrence still predicted to win best actress but very very close. Leaving now which she was it's ", "we'll go to -- Spielberg for Lincoln. Tommy Lee Jones we'll get best supporting actor and Jennifer Lawrence still predicted to win best actress but very very close. Leaving now which she was it's it's exciting it ", 'get an award to when you have that ballot at home you off and mister and you go home. All right next category  best supporting actor  and here are the nominees Alan Arkin in Robert De Niro and silver linings playbook. Philip Seymour Hoffman ', '-- -- mister -- and you go home. All right next category best supporting actor and here are the nominees Alan Arkin in -- Robert De Niro and silver linings playbook. Philip Seymour Hoffman in the master ', 'nominations in all including best actor for Daniel Day-Lewis  best supporting actor  for Tommy Lee Jones supporting actress for Sally Field the still sliced eleven nominations. All of the five  best supporting actor  nominees Alan Robert De Niro Christoph Waltz and Philip ', 'a look. Twelve nominations in all including best actor for Daniel Day-Lewis best supporting actor for Tommy Lee Jones supporting actress for Sally Field and best director for Steven Spielberg. -- -- -- rob learned eight nominations ', '-- like the -- still sliced eleven nominations. All of the five best supporting actor nominees Alan -- Robert De Niro Christoph Waltz and Philip Seymour Hoffman among them have already installed track lighting for the -- ', "conventional fixed. He's before he has won before he's run before he has won before he's won before. All five  best supporting actor  nominees are previous Oscar winners breath of fresh air in that category. Even two of the actors left off the ", "he's run before he has won before he's won before. All five best supporting actor nominees are previous Oscar winners breath of fresh air in that category. Even two of the actors left off the list both ", "watching video. I characters there conference losing game changed it to show that she played But she's up for  best supporting actor  also Julianne Moore for Sarah Palin right. Payments and that's it that's your other favorite show I love ", "played -- -- -- -- -- -- -- But she's up for best supporting actor -- also Julianne Moore for Sarah Palin right. Payments and that's it that's your other favorite show I love homeland -- now. ", "will be ready in no particular order. Fourth best  performance by an actor in a supporting role  the nominees are. Christoph Waltz in jango unchanged coming another person who didn't get nominated for  best supporting actor  that I think should have which is Matthew McConaughey ", "as they're coming -- -- another person who didn't get nominated for best supporting actor that I think should have which is Matthew McConaughey who had a really great year. He's on a roll he won the ", "the cause, by selling bow ties. Ferguson could have more big news coming. He is nominated for an emmy for  best supporting actor  in a comedy. He has tough competition. His co-stars, eric stonestreet, ed o'neill and ty burrell from ", 'have more big news coming. He is nominated for an emmy for best supporting actor in a comedy. He has tough competition. His co-stars, eric stonestreet, ed o\'neill and ty burrell from "modern family." Just these guys. ', "McConaughey has the he has reason to celebrate this morning. The star won a big award over the weekend as I predicted  best supporting actor . This film critics for his work in the Bernie and gas. Magic Mike. An incredible body part this year there's ", "star won a big award over the weekend as I predicted -- best supporting actor . This -- film critics for his work in the -- Bernie and gas. Magic Mike. An incredible body part this year there's ", "surprise that Quinton Tarantino's Django. Unchained did so well and surprising that the near did not get a  best supporting actor  he's very everybody Chris Is this is this true the story to have us talking this was the most read tweeted ", "so well and surprising that -- the near did not get a best supporting actor he's very everybody Chris -- Is this is this true the story to have us talking this was the most read tweeted ", "The last time Eddie Murphy attended the Oscars He left currently. A  best supporting actor  nominees they dream girls Murphy reportedly stormed out after losing little miss sunshine Allan park. Has hosted the Oscars he'll ", "The last time Eddie Murphy attended the Oscars He left currently. A best supporting actor nominees they dream girls Murphy reportedly stormed out after losing -- little miss sunshine Allan park. Has hosted the Oscars he'll have ", 'Actor Harry Morgan best known for starring in the hit series mash has Morgan starred in ten TV series 100 films and on Broadway. But it was his portrayal of colonel Sherman potter on maps that made household name and won him an Emmy for  best supporting actor . Harry Morgan was 96.', 'that made -- -- household name and won him an Emmy for best supporting actor . Harry Morgan was 96. ']