['Games Festival. The game also received a design award -- mainly a credit to the work of Kyle Gabler, who composed the  Danny Elfman -like score and produced the Tim Burton-esque artwork, in addition to designing the levels and writing the story ', 'on the Visa ad with juggling toys? A: The holiday ad set in a busy toy store uses Breakfast Machine, composed by  Danny Elfman  and performed by John Coleman and the National Philharmonic Orchestra. If it sounds familiar, you may have to admit ', 'Orchestra will auction off ring tones created by high-brow musicians such as Philip Glass, Laurie Anderson, and  Danny Elfman . Miss The Sopranos ? Get the ring tone. There are three types of ring tones: monophonic (one tone played at a time ', 'are ruling their Planet with a lot of rhythm this time around. Director Tim Burton brought on Oingo Boingo musician  Danny Elfman  to compose the moody orchestral soundtrack for Planet of the Apes. Elfman added 76 of his own percussion tracks, including ', 'scenes were being reshot, including the film\'s opening rocket-crash sequence. Burton\'s composer of choice,  Danny Elfman , has also reportedly been asked by studio execs to make the film\'s music "more heroic." One source tells Inside ', 'scenes were being reshot, including the film\'s opening rocket-crash sequence. Burton\'s composer of choice,  Danny Elfman , has also reportedly been asked by studio execs to make the film\'s music "more heroic." One source tells Inside ', 'scenes were being reshot, including the film\'s opening rocket-crash sequence. Burton\'s composer of choice,  Danny Elfman , has also reportedly been asked by studio execs to make the film\'s music "more heroic." One source tells Inside ', 'scenes were being reshot, including the film\'s opening rocket-crash sequence. Burton\'s composer of choice,  Danny Elfman , has also reportedly been asked by studio execs to make the film\'s music "more heroic." One source tells Inside ', 'scenes were being reshot, including the film\'s opening rocket-crash sequence. Burton\'s composer of choice,  Danny Elfman , has also reportedly been asked by studio execs to make the film\'s music "more heroic." One source tells Inside ', 'scenes were being reshot, including the film\'s opening rocket-crash sequence. Burton\'s composer of choice,  Danny Elfman , has also reportedly been asked by studio execs to make the film\'s music "more heroic." One source tells Inside ', 'scenes were being reshot, including the film\'s opening rocket-crash sequence. Burton\'s composer of choice,  Danny Elfman , has also reportedly been asked by studio execs to make the film\'s music "more heroic." One source tells Inside ', "post-weekend. Music rights organization Broadcast Music Inc. threw its annual condo party, where composers like  Danny Elfman  chatted up musicians and filmmakers. The premiere of Michael Apted's Enigma brought out the celebs including film producers ", "post-weekend. Music rights organization Broadcast Music Inc. threw its annual condo party, where composers like  Danny Elfman  chatted up musicians and filmmakers. The premiere of Michael Apted's Enigma brought out the celebs including film producers ", "Great listen to music. Great TV show home. right here on ABC but also great music so as we countdown Oscar six days we're gonna introduce you to a star probably never seen but his work you've definitely hurt. Like that ABC theme song he's. Great composer behind the music for some your favorite TV"]