[' A week after he was ousted as executive chairman of Men\'s Wearhouse, George Zimmer fired off an angry, open letter to the retailer he founded 40 years ago.   Zimmer, who was the retailer\'s familiar spokesman in TV ads, said the company\'s board has hurt Men\'s Wearhouse\'s values,  and he encouraged the board to consider a full range of possibilities for  the men\'s retailer to maximize shareholder value.   Earlier this  year, the executive said he had urged the board to consider strategic  alternatives including the possibility of going private. "Rather than thoughtfully evaluating the idea or even checking the  market to see what value might be created through such strategic  alternatives, the Board quickly and without the assistance of financial  advisors simply rejected the idea," Zimmer said in his letter on Wednesday.He said the board refused to even discuss the topic or  permit him "to collect and present to the board any information about its  possibilities and feasibility, and instead took steps to marginalize and  then silence me."The directors  were more concerned with protecting their entrenched views and positions  than considering the full range of possibilities that might benefit our  shareholders and indeed all our stakeholders," Zimmer said in the  letter.  "The reality is that over the past two years, and  particularly over recent months, I believe that the board and management  have been eroding the principles and values that have made The Men\'s  Wearhouse so successful for all stakeholders," he said in the letter. A Men\'s Wearhouse buyout is not likely, according to an equity research analyst at Stifel.Zimmer recently met with the retailer\'s newly appointed chief executive Doug Ewert. The analyst Richard Jaffe said in a research note earlier Wednesday that a buyout would also be "highly risky."   "While we have no knowledge of any M&A negotiations or discussions  we believe, and recent information supports the idea, that Zimmer is  considering a leveraged buyout of MW," according to Jaffe. "This has likely fueled  recent share appreciation. However, we do not believe that a buyout is  likely or that a bid is pending, suggesting that recent [a] share move  may prove unwarranted."  Stifel analysts also reiterated the firm\'s "buy" rating on the Men\'s Wearhouse shares.   Shares of the retailer have traded higher since former longtime chief Zimmer was terminated last week. He stepped down from the CEO post two years ago.     Zimmer was the company\'s public face for many consumers. He appeared  prominently in TV ads, promising customers that "you\'ll like the way you  look." Men\'s Wearhouse said last week that he was fired because he was  reluctant to give up operational control.   "Mr. Zimmer had  difficulty accepting the fact that Men\'s Wearhouse is a public company  with an independent Board of Directors and that he has not been the  chief executive officer for two years," the company said in a release  Tuesday. "He advocated for significant changes that would enable him to  regain control, but ultimately he was unable to convince any of the  board members or senior executives that his positions were in the best  interests of employees, shareholders or the company\'s future." It  said that Zimmer had reversed his long-standing position against taking  Men\'s Wearhouse private and argued for its sale to an investment group.  The board is unanimously opposed to a buyout, according to the company\'s  release. Since Zimmer owns just 3.5 percent of outstanding shares, he  would need significant funding for such a move.']