['collection , saying it was "an ode to all things high fashion," describing it as "Eighties Norma Kamali meets  Alexander Wang  luxe sportswear." Among the standout pieces, according to Elle: a black jersey column evening dress, a bra top ', "fashion week tents. Chamblin has an Instagram account and chronicles her favorite outfits and inspiration . Designer  Alexander Wang 's niece, Aila Wang, stole the show at New York Fashion Week in September, when she showed up at his show in a ", 'and Ross to reconcile, the estranged couple could not. Ross had hinted at changes to come in a video series for  Alexander Wang  after walking in the designer\'s New York City fashion show last fall: "[This year was] the end of some things ', 'my viewers who are experimenting with beauty. You don\'t want to make it too "out there"... I think it was  Alexander Wang  where they wore this tribal head piece and I thought, "Wow, that\'s gorgeous looking. Would I wear? Probably ', 'with sleek silhouettes and dramatic lines. Actress Lindsay Lohan, R&B singer Ciara, designers Joseph Altuzarra,  Alexander Wang  and Olivier Theyskens, and celebrity designers Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen attended the event, which was held in a high ', 'T-shirts at Gucci, cosmetics giveaways at Saks Fifth Avenue, barbecue and Champagne at Tory Burch, runway lessons from  Alexander Wang  and a bar run by Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen at Bergdorf Goodman. Several cities around the USA, including L ', 'styles will be "must haves" for this summer. Follow Michele\'s version of those handbags here: TREND: DIP-DYE  ALEXANDER WANG : $825 HOMEMADE: $12 TREND: WOVEN JIMMY CHOO: $2,695 HOMEMADE: $9 TREND: GROMMET MICHAEL KORS: $248 HOMEMADE ', 'a more serious tone as they purchase fewer items and do it more carefully in this unstable economy. For designer  Alexander Wang , many pieces are selling for around $400, and everything in his line is under $1,000. "I launched this collection ', 'blouses are foolproof options, and Stel\'s, a slightly subterranean space that has an avant-garde selection of  Alexander Wang  and A.P.C." West Third Street / Los Angeles "Spanning about 10 blocks, you can easily while away an entire day snapping ', "But now it's. So I'm sorry yeah sitting out. As we sat here in Central Park not far away they were doing the  Alexander Wang  show without her. And dean campaign. In this now. And as you've heard a lot of girls and it warrants this Take ", "-- here in Central Park not far away they were doing the Alexander Wang show without her. And dean campaign. In this now. And as you've heard a lot of girls and it warrants this -- ", 'roost at Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week for many is He really is the major talent right now. There are some great young  Alexander Wang  a probable guerrilla I think of that too real up and probable the room dresses some big Hollywood stars like Demi ', 'is the major talent right now. There are some great young -- Alexander Wang a probable guerrilla I think of that too real up and -- probable the room dresses some big Hollywood stars like Demi ', "than just beautiful really bush years. I love that blue collar town. And crap all right next we've got designs by  Alexander Wang  and the first one is one by Zoe Kravitz look at that these are much more young Alex did a lot more young and look ", "blue collar town. And crap all right next we've got designs by Alexander Wang and the first one is one by Zoe Kravitz look at that these are much more young Alex did a lot more ", "There's a woman as a mental problem go wrong who designs beautiful from copy trucks the stars like Demi Moore And also  Alexander Wang  this beautiful handbags and designer accessories so there's a whole group we've Asian designers who really the ", "copy trucks the stars like Demi Moore -- -- -- And also Alexander Wang this beautiful handbags and designer accessories so there's a whole -- group we've -- Asian designers who really the up and coming ", "important to support our young. I'm artists in our young designers because they are future I mean if you look at  Alexander Wang  if you look at Philip if you look at. Our Cisco they all came from somewhere so I think it's a very important like ", "young designers because they are future I mean if you look at Alexander Wang if you look at Philip -- if you look at. Our Cisco they all came from somewhere so I think it's a "]