['Eighties pop music icon Cyndi Lauper may be the first woman to win a Tony for best original score.', "really That was in the rotation we have than this I would expect that that's the beauty and now they've been  best original score  and human dignity and. And yeah.", "this I would expect that that's the beauty and now they've been best original score and human dignity and. And yeah. ", 'on twitter is bad luck. Happy birthday. Also in "pop news." The sky\'s the limit for adele. She scored the  best original score  in bond history. Word is, now, that her bond bosses were so thrilled with the song\'s success, I can\'t imagine ', 'in "pop news." The sky\'s the limit for adele. She scored the best original score in bond history. Word is, now, that her bond bosses were so thrilled with the song\'s success, I can\'t imagine why, that ', 'composed music for more than a hundred Hollywood movies. Including the Lion King. Which won an Academy Award for  best original score . wrote the music for Rain Man. Also nominated for an Oscar. And one of the very few Hollywood composers. Who ', 'Hollywood movies. Including the Lion King. Which won an Academy Award for best original score . -- wrote the music for Rain Man. Also nominated for an Oscar. -- -- -- -- -- And one of the very ', 'of in the same spot of McDonald of lyrics and music. The period in which Bob and I. Chose to write the score the  original score . Was the turn of the century of the last century had 1910 or era. And had a wonderful musical quality to it bought ', 'period in which Bob and I. Chose to write the score the original score . Was the turn of the century of the last century had 1910 or era. And -- had a wonderful musical quality to ', "as best foreign film. It's also up for best original screenplay. Plus cinematographer. Art direction makeup and  original score . The movie's writer director Guillermo del Toro is helping to lead a new generation of filmmakers into the Hollywood ", "also up for best original screenplay. Plus cinematographer. Art direction makeup and original score . The movie's writer director Guillermo del Toro is helping to lead a new generation of filmmakers into the Hollywood mainstream. He and "]