['Best Animated Feature Film "How to Train Your Dragon" "The Illusionist" "Toy Story 3" Best Original Screenplay  Mike Leigh  ("Another Year") David Seidler ("The King\'s Speech") Christopher Nolan ("Inception") Lisa Cholodenko ', 'Christopher Nolan - "Inception" Best Original Screenplay * "The King\'s Speech" - David Seidler "Another Year" -  Mike Leigh  "Black Swan" - Mark Heyman and Andres Heinz and John McLaughlin "The Fighter" - Scott Silver and Paul Tamasy & Eric ', 'Johanson also likes Oscar-nomination chances for " True Grit ," " Made in Dagenham " and " Another Year ," directed by  Mike Leigh , who\'s an Academy favorite. " Girl with the Dragon Tattoo " and " Toy Story 3 " may also have a shot. Go to Oscar ', 'Johanson also likes Oscar-nomination chances for " True Grit ," " Made in Dagenham " and " Another Year ," directed by  Mike Leigh , who\'s an Academy favorite. " Girl with the Dragon Tattoo " and " Toy Story 3 " may also have a shot. With so many ', 'The Aviator"; Clint Eastwood, "Million Dollar Baby"; Taylor Hackford, "Ray"; Alexander Payne, "Sideways";  Mike Leigh , "Vera Drake" No one denies that Scorsese is owed an Oscar. But so were Alfred Hitchcock, Orson Welles and Stanley ', 'Scorsese, "The Aviator" Clint Eastwood, "Million Dollar Baby" Taylor Hackford, "Ray" Alexander Payne, "Sideways"  Mike Leigh , "Vera Drake" Best Actor: Don Cheadle, "Hotel Rwanda" Johnny Depp, "Finding Neverland" Leonardo DiCaprio ', 'Aviator" Clint Eastwood for "Million Dollar Baby" Taylor Hackford for "Hotel Rwanda" Alexander Payne for "Sideways"  Mike Leigh  for "Vera Drake" Joel\'s Prediction: Clint Eastwood for "Million Dollar Baby" Best Actor The Contenders: Don Cheadle ', 'Dollar Baby." Then there are the other nominees -- Alexander Payne ("Sideways"), Taylor Hackford ("Ray") and  Mike Leigh  ("Vera Drake"). Payne might have the best shot at surprising, and he could siphon off enough votes from Scorsese ', 'Scorsese, "The Aviator" Clint Eastwood, "Million Dollar Baby" Taylor Hackford, "Ray" Alexander Payne, "Sideways"  Mike Leigh , "Vera Drake" Best Actor: Don Cheadle, "Hotel Rwanda" Johnny Depp, "Finding Neverland" Leonardo DiCaprio ', "and doesn't try to solve it. This is a great film: Real life edited into drama, and elevated into art. Director  Mike Leigh  made his cast improvise their parts for months before they wrote the script, maybe that's why you can't believe ", 'Fincher for the social network. And Cohen anything calling for true grit. The best original screenplay. The nominees  Mike Leigh  for another year. Scott silver Paul to Eric Johnson and keep for the fighter. Christopher Nolan for Lisa told a bingo ', 'anything calling for true grit. The best original screenplay. The nominees -- Mike Leigh for another year. Scott silver Paul to -- Eric Johnson and keep -- -- for the fighter. Christopher Nolan for -- Lisa ', 'there were moments of joy. Suspense. And relief. But it looks as though there will be many to cover as well. This is  Mike Leigh  for Nightline in What will be his doctors be watching this Thursday night. One see for yourself what. 10:9 central ', 'though there will be many -- to cover as well. This is Mike Leigh for Nightline in -- What will be his doctors be watching this Thursday night. One see for yourself what. -- -- -- ', "a new trend these days toward adventure travel tourists looking for something different something Well we think I'm  Mike Leigh  has found the ultimate he visited the town of in Ghana. Where tourists don't swim the dolphins they don't ride on ", "travel tourists looking for something different something -- Well we think I'm Mike Leigh has found the ultimate he visited the town of -- -- in Ghana. Where tourists don't swim the dolphins they don't ride "]