['Moreno is the 50th recipient of the award, "the most prestigious honor we bestow." Moreno, 81, won a  best supporting actress  Oscar for 1961\'s "West Side Story." She has also won two Emmys, a Tony and a Grammy Award, one of the ', 'for "Veep." Most of the 2012 trophy holders have a chance to repeat. Maggie Smith was nominated again as  best supporting actress  in a drama for "Downton Abbey," which has brought her two trophies. Julie Bowen is up for supporting actress ', 'being a Hispanic," Moreno said. The streets of Spanish Harlem in New York erupted when she won the Oscar for  best supporting actress . "When I got that Oscar, I said to myself: \'OK ... this is it. I\'m not going to do those demeaning ', 'give you a pill. You don\'t have to let them put a band around your organs." @Moworldwide/Twitter The  best supporting actress  winner once tipped the scale at 300. She told the radio station her most recent weigh-in showed 218. Her ', '(Jason Merritt/Getty Images) Actress Anne Hathaway won an Oscar for  Best Supporting actress , but the "Les Miserables" star has received backlash about the dress she donned on the red carpet. Hathaway, 30, is rumored ', 'Runaways" about the \'70s starring Kristen Stewart. Actress Tilda Swinton, 2007 Academy Award winner for  Best Supporting Actress  in "Michael Clayton," plays Bowie\'s wife. Swinton even resembles the 66-year old musician in his youth ', 'Oscar After-Parties: Stars Mingle for Vanity Fair, Elton John and Governors Ball', 'haute couture gown, was also in attendance. "It\'s just beautiful," she said. Anne Hathaway, who won  Best Supporting Actress  for her role in "Les Miserables," celebrated her win at Carter\'s soiree. Fellow Best Actress-winner ', "Democrats in the past three presidential elections. Newcomer to the Hollywood political scene and this year's  Best Supporting Actress  winner Anne Hathaway has given $50,000 since last June to the Obama campaign, the DNC and various Democratic ", 'Shakespeare in Love," which won a slew of Oscars including Best Picture, Best Actress for Paltrow,  Best Actress in a Supporting Role  for Judi Dench. For "Bounce," Affleck won the Blockbuster Entertainment Award for Favorite Actor ', 'and an insult-filled rendition of "Be Our Guest." His opening monologue also included an epic kiss with  Best Supporting Actress  nominee Sally Field with MacFarlane dressed as a flying nun, and a sock puppet reenactment of "Flight ', 'Christopher Plummer to the stage to present the award for  Best Supporting Actress , MacFarlane couldn\'t help but make a joke out of ago." The Associated Press reported that backstage,  Best Supporting Actress  winner Anne Hathaway told Stewart to "break a leg ', '2013: Academy Awards Live Updates But we did a double take when we saw Olivia Munn in Marchesa. Did she and  Best Supporting Actress  nominee Jacki Weaver decide to to dress alike tonight? Their crimson gowns with matching gold embellishment ', 'Nelson. Oscars 2013: Academy Awards Live Updates The Associated Press reported that Stewart caught up with  Best Supporting Actress  winner Anne Hathaway, who asked Stewart if she was going on stage with her crutches. "Nope. I\'m gonna ', "somebody we're going to be seen year after year and I happy about that. So Chris you have my award as this  Best supporting actress  who was that going today. And I'm Rosario Dawson and Danny boils trance this was a movie that never got ", "happy about that. So Chris you have my award as this -- Best supporting actress who was that going today. And I'm -- Rosario Dawson and Danny boils trance this was a movie that never got the ", 'All right now best supporting actors who is that. Down east and in the artists they different. Jessica testing and help but it could have been any one two two eight this year. Melissa McCarthy bridesmaids and what would be your comedy. He is the representation. Of that comedy. Janet here in Albert', "Best Supporting actress'  Prada gown might not have been the star's first choice for red carpet.", 'Naomi Watts, Jessica Chastain join  Best Supporting Actress  winner as standouts on the red carpet.', "exciting kick start to the 85 annual Academy Awards. chains Christoph Waltz won best supporting actor. And  best supporting actress  favorite Anne Hathaway also won her first Oscar. It's just been such an honor thank you this year's show ", "-- -- -- -- chains Christoph Waltz won best supporting actor. And best supporting actress favorite Anne Hathaway also won her first Oscar. It's just been such an honor thank you this year's show was also jammed "]