['see the new  George Clooney  film  up in the air  was produced of Oscar  Up in the air  is a completely answer that  George Clooney . What is it about  George Clooney  without in played by  Anna Kendrick . You gotta come out.  Up in the air  is one of ', "First what movie to see the new George Clooney film up in the air was produced and directed by Jason Reitman the director of -- And yes the son of Ivan Reitman ghostbusters fame. Josh dropped off our Friday at the movies reviewer thinks this dark comedy is gonna get a lot of Oscar -- Up in the air is a completely likable comedy about corporate downsizing. Yes it's a movie that's very charming but also about people getting fired. And if you're wondering how such a contradiction could be made to work. There's only two words to answer that George Clooney . -- -- -- What is it about George Clooney without in the year He might have Christmas substantial role He plays a guy named Ryan Bingham -- eight. A corporate hatchet and he's hired by companies. To fly around the country and basically do the firing for them they're too scared to fire their own employees this is a very Carey grant like performance. My mother stereo -- It's fast complicating Ryan's life are two women who come into the film the first is a younger co worker -- who's played by Anna Kendrick . You gotta tell -- -- miles and what is that about. And talking about the woman that comes into Ryan's life is ", 'see the new  George Clooney  film  up in the air  was produced of Oscar  Up in the air  is a completely answer that  George Clooney . What is it about  George Clooney  with a He played by  Anna Kendrick . You filming come out.  Up in the air  is one of ', "on the webcast Gaza bikers how young Palestinian guys spend their Fridays. Up in the air we're gonna bring you our review of Jason Reitman -- dramatic comedy starring George Clooney . And rap artists America's best manipulators of ribbons and wrapping Paper will wow you. Way to see the gift wrapping competition but ", "And out of the weekend first what movie to see the new George Clooney film up in the air was produced and directed by Jason Reitman the director of -- And yes the son of Ivan Reitman ghostbusters -- Josh dropped off our Friday at the movies reviewer thinks this dark comedy is gonna get a lot of Oscar -- Up in the air is a completely likable comedy. About corporate downsizing yes it's a movie that's very charming but also about people getting fired and if you're wondering how such a contradiction can be made to work. There's only two words to answer that George Clooney . -- -- -- What is it about George Clooney with a -- He might have Christmas substantial role He plays a guy named Ryan -- who say. A corporate hatchet man he's hired by companies. To fly around the country and basically do the firing for them they're too scared to fire their own employees this is a very Carey grant like performance. My mother stereo -- It's faster complicating Ryan's life are two women who come into the film the first is a younger co worker of his who's played by Anna Kendrick . You -- filming on the -- -- what is that about. And talking about the woman that comes into Ryan's life is ", 'Here for make it  up in the air . Maggie Gyllenhaal in crazy  Anna Kendrick  in  up in the air . And Monique in in crazy heart.  George Clooney  in  up in the air . in a single man Rivera there. And  up in the air  getting into the ', 'role off. Penelope Cruz in nine. Here -- for make -- it up in the air Maggie Gyllenhaal in crazy -- Anna Kendrick in up in the air And Monique in precious one. Thank you for best performance by an actor in a supporting role the nominees are. Matt Damon ', "But nominated as  George Clooney  for  up in the air . George a lot of winning 802 actresses  Anna Kendrick  and your foreign media in  up in the air  where George Who woman who played  George Clooney 's love interest ", 'have to talk on the down drink some more. But nominated as George Clooney for up in the air . George a lot of people think putting himself in this movie a guy who is anti commitments rights and hit -- universe ', "is that -- senator -- I'm I'm love the winning 802 actresses Anna Kendrick and your foreign media in up in the air where George -- Who was spectacular. Via army that was the woman who played George Clooney's love interest in -- she did arts -- -- they snapshot. Monique what -- I don't care if -- got up and ", 'going to know our guest from her oscar nominated turn in  up in the air . Also as bella swan\'s bff in the "twilight" series the animated movie, "paranorman." Please welcome  anna kendrick . I\'m hearing a siren song in the audience. Keeping ', 'you\'re going to know our guest from her oscar nominated turn in up in the air . Also as bella swan\'s bff in the "twilight" series, now she\'s take on a new role in the animated movie, "paranorman." Please welcome anna kendrick . I\'m hearing a siren song in the audience. Keeping it creative. We\'ll check the boxes. Vampire, check, werewolves, check, now zombies and ', "at the top it and almost every I mean we're one point suddenly you're in twilight now c'mon. Then it's like  up in the air  its action. Yet. Doesn't that a lot of stuff for there's. Just. I don't know what that. Take 55. I remember ", "we're one point suddenly you're in twilight now c'mon. Then it's like up in the air its action. Yet. Doesn't that -- -- a lot of stuff for there's. Just. I don't know what -- that. Take 55. ", "could fizzle like they did with  up in the air  about but right now I would say front runners are Brad Pitt. And  George Clooney  and the descendants in general like and also the descendants  George Clooney  more. And that's fantastic ", 'Bullock in the -- side. Things could fizzle like they did with up in the air about -- -- but right now I would say the two front runners are Brad Pitt. And George Clooney and the descendants in general is on a big high right now. -- Michael fast -- could really pull the rug out ', "it's also not too weird so people like and also the descendants George Clooney -- more. And that's fantastic sound fantastic -- that winner surprises were there any nominations that left you scratching your head over ", "and yeah never had a very applicable. Because let's face it Lester a stealth ninja business traveler like  George Clooney  in  up in the air . It's pretty easy to lose your cool would running behind schedule. But stresses me out it is. Everybody ", "applicable. Because let's face it Lester a stealth ninja business traveler like George Clooney in up in the air It's pretty easy to lose your cool would running behind schedule. But stresses me out it is. Everybody else doesn't know what ", "locker and  up in the air  but they Aren't speech for  up in the air  where He won Talked about how  George Clooney  would probably Bridges and  George Clooney  for  up in the air  and really recognized where is  George Clooney  recently didn't ", "-- -- come down to really a showdown. Between Jeff Bridges and George Clooney for up in the air and really with anybody's -- I think what really decided it was that Jeff Bridges had been nominee in so many times the 44 Golden Globes and four Oscars. But He tied into what He thinks He uses veteran actor who haven't been recognized where is George Clooney recently didn't win an Oscar and to -- Greg Bledsoe really was kind of a late ten achievement award -- Jeffords as ", 'The film  up in the air  is nominated played by  George Clooney  is a frequent portrayed by  George Clooney  and Oscar nominated film  up in the air  man who is back. So  George Clooney  is believed million dollar  up in the air  where but ', "treasured possession. I'm Neal Karlinsky for Nightline in Los Angeles. The film up in the air is nominated for six Oscars at this weekend's Academy Awards. The main character played by George Clooney is a frequent flyer of first class status Criss -- in the country -- -- fire recession bound. Americans well while -- ", "the real life Ryan Bingham the world wearied frequent -- portrayed by George Clooney and Oscar nominated film up in the air -- -- man who is only truly -- home. When he's headed somewhere else did you see them. Up. -- idea it ", "take but only after the studio has earned its money back. So George Clooney is believed to have taken a fraction of his usual salary to make now than when He five million dollar up in the air where but the movie has made 82 million dollars -- He's likely to do very well thank. It helps to have a ", "Awards it's gonna come down to  up in the air  vs precious those of the two the one as much as I'd like  up in the air . When you get to be acting But this is a contest between  George Clooney  in  up in the air . And Jeff Bridges in crazy ", "when you look at this Academy Awards it's gonna come down to up in the air vs precious those of the two movies and you know what I feel precious is -- movie that's the one as much as I'd like up in the air When you get to be acting contests we got two major big east now I'm seeing Colin -- will be nominated for single man Morgan Freeman. Will be nominated for an -- this. But this is a contest between George Clooney in up in the air And Jeff Bridges in crazy. And this is tough because Clooney already has announced -- Jeff Bridges after a full career nominated ", "search. You can see it's a Spartan existence of bear kitchen there were or radios there shelf with the  George Clooney  movie ended  up in the air . And surprisingly way professional paints on the table the FBI took away a painting apparently He may ", 'of bear kitchen there were or radios there -- shelf with the George Clooney movie ended up in the air . And -- surprisingly -- -- way professional paints on the table the FBI took away a painting apparently He may have made ', 'you about an out of work man who was living off his frequent flier miles to reelect twist on the  George Clooney  character. From the movie  up in the air  He was using the mouse to move from hotel to hotel. Why He looked for a job. Well not anymore ', 'was living off his frequent flier miles to reelect twist on the George Clooney character. From the movie up in the air He was -- using the mouse to move from hotel to hotel. Why He looked for a job. Well not anymore -- ', "avatar the Hurt Locker precious in glorious bastards  up in the air . I guess you'd say avatar the X-Factor there Male actor drama Jeff Bridges for crazy heart  George Clooney up in the air  Colin for single man look out for him Morgan Freeman ", "drama we have avatar the Hurt Locker precious in glorious bastards -- up in the air I guess you'd say avatar the X-Factor there that Jim Cameron movie will fantasy carry the day. Musical comedy. Nine in the hangover Julia and Julia 500 days of summer and it's complicated that's Meryl Streep with two pictures and I have aren't so they would no doubt about it. Well all that. This is why is how I met are well done well done I will pick up the press now yeah. Yeah. Male actor drama Jeff Bridges for crazy heart George Clooney up in the air Colin -- for single man look out for him Morgan Freeman in invective is He of course plays Nelson Mandela. And Tobey ", "spot that would be a film called  up in the air . No used to fly. This is where because every time you turn on TBC  George Clooney  at an airport. And you think you're not because the character  George Clooney  plays. Is it goes around America ", "spot. What's the number two spot that would be a film called up in the air . No used to fly. This is where -- all know about that now because every time you turn on TBC George Clooney at an airport. And you think I'm seeing the lightest kind of romantic comedy. And in a way you walk. And in a way you're not because the character George Clooney plays. Is it -- goes around America fire people -- bosses of the two creepy is that it's. And we're seeing in ", "Freeman we had Jeff Bridges we have  George Clooney . The big question is can anyone lately but I wouldn't hunt out  George Clooney  even though He recently did win supporting Oscar. For Syriana I think  up in the air  is going to be a bigger player ", "here we have Morgan Freeman we had Jeff Bridges we have -- George Clooney . The big question is can anyone beat Jeff Bridges at this point because of course he's been at winning a lot of the awards lately but I wouldn't hunt out George Clooney even though He recently did win a best supporting Oscar. For Syriana I think up in the air is going to be a bigger player at the Oscars and it has been at some of the other awards earlier this ", 'The film  up in the air  is nominated for six Oscars at this Awards. The main character played by  George Clooney  is a frequent flyer of first class world wearied frequent portrayed by  George Clooney  and Oscar nominated film in the air ', "The film up in the air is nominated for six Oscars at this weekend's Academy Awards. The main character played by George Clooney is a frequent flyer of first class status Criss -- in the country -- -- fire recession bound. Americans well while Tom ", "the real life Ryan Bingham. The world wearied frequent -- portrayed by George Clooney and Oscar nominated film in the air that's exactly man who is only -- -- home. When he's headed somewhere else did ", 'after the studio has earned its money back from. So  George Clooney  is believed to have taken a fraction of his usual salary to make now than when He five million dollar  up in the air  where but the movie has made 82 million dollars so ', "but only after the studio has earned its money back from. So George Clooney is believed to have taken a fraction of his usual salary to make now than when He five million dollar up in the air where -- but the movie has made 82 million dollars so. He's likely to do very well thank. It helps to have "]