["amaretto butter cream frosting before covering her in a white chocolate fondant. Instead of recreating Kate's iconic  Alexander McQueen  wedding dress, she designed a dove gray satin colored gown with lace accents and silver metallic sparkle she hand-painted ", "amaretto butter cream frosting before covering her in a white chocolate fondant. Instead of recreating Kate's iconic  Alexander McQueen  wedding dress, she designed a dove gray satin colored gown with lace accents and silver metallic sparkle she hand-painted ", 'true to herself, and I think that\'s why she\'s been so successful," Pope said of Kate (here, on June 15, in  Alexander McQueen ). "It\'s totally her: classic, demure and elegant." She Mixed It Up... On June 13, Kate wore a dalmation ', 'emotional process, admits Posen, because that year, the event was paying tribute to his late friend, designer  Alexander McQueen . "His whole story was very sad to me and upsetting and dark, so I threw myself deeply into this dress and it\'s ', 'follows a designer or an era of fashion. There have been exhibitions on Chanel , Yves Saint Laurent, Balenciaga,  Alexander McQueen , and Prada to name a few. You probably heard about the McQueen exhibit "Savage Beauty" in 2011 following the designer\'s ', "Middleton wore when she and Prince William announced their engagement in 2010 and a replica of the Sarah Burton for  Alexander McQueen  dress Middleton wore on her wedding day in April 2011. Middleton, 31, is married to Britain's Prince William ", 'from the likes of Roland Mouret, Calvin Klein, and  Alexander McQueen . "[Chastain] has a very unique beauty to her could see Chastain opting for Vera Wang or revisiting  Alexander McQueen , whose red stunner she donned at this year\'s SAG ', "The Duchess of Cambridge's Top 31 Looks Middleton stepped out in a dark green gown reportedly by Sarah Burton of  Alexander McQueen  , the same designer responsible for her ivory and lace wedding gown , in December and, just a few weeks ago, donned ", 'recently onstage at the BBC Sports Personality of the Year awards ceremony wearing a dark green gown reportedly by  Alexander McQueen  , the same fashion line responsible for her ivory and lace wedding gown . Speaking of the royal wedding, one woman ', "took the stage at the BBC Sports Personality of the Year awards ceremony, wearing a dark green gown reportedly by  Alexander McQueen  , the same fashion line responsible for her ivory and lace wedding gown . All the Details: Kate Middleton's Pregnancy ", "designers for custom gowns. Middleton's favorites include Prabal Gurung, Jenny Packham, and Sarah Burton of  Alexander McQueen , who designed her wedding dress. None of them currently offer maternity lines, and they didn't respond to ABCNews ", 'world records in the 100m, 200m and long jump. In 1999, Mullins was invited to model on the runway for designer  Alexander McQueen  on hand-carved wooden legs complete with six-inch heels. "I started to hyperventilate," Mullins told ABC ', "Middleton wore when she and Prince William announced their engagement in 2010 and in a replica of the Sarah Burton for  Alexander McQueen  dress Middleton wore on her wedding day . PHOTOS: Kate Middleton's Fashion Style Even Agan's 3-year-old ", 'ABC Cecilia Vega what they closet guru to find out what it takes. To make that dream closet. General likes her  Alexander McQueen  displayed for all to see. Giuliani had to have been here jewelry cabinet. And that that episode and TV screen shows ', 'out what it takes. To make that dream closet. General likes her Alexander McQueen -- displayed for all to see. Giuliani -- had to have been here jewelry cabinet. And -- that that episode and TV ', 'trumpets from bones Defense. Of the horses William Charles in the carriage Camilla and a very pregnant Kate wearing an  Alexander McQueen  jacket. Next time we see her be a Okay. With the print command by her side for 65 years is missing in action Prince ', 'in the carriage -- Camilla and a very pregnant Kate wearing an Alexander McQueen jacket. Next time we see her -- be a -- Okay. With the -- print command by her side for 65 years ', "have avril graham. Wasn't it amazing? Exactly this time last year, i remember distinctly kate glowing IN AN  alexander McQueen  looking chic and gorgeous. Speaking of fashion, there's a lot of comparisons between kate and diana, how have ", "Exactly this time last year, i remember distinctly kate glowing IN AN alexander McQueen looking chic and gorgeous. Speaking of fashion, there's a lot of comparisons between kate and diana, how have you looked at their ", "Lady got got paid tribute to her friend  Alexander McQueen  at the UK's Brit awards Tuesday night the poker face singer collected awards in three categories. And then performed and in ", "Lady got got paid tribute to her friend Alexander McQueen at the UK's Brit awards Tuesday night the poker face singer collected awards in three categories. And then performed -- and in ", "she stepped out in style. In december, she won a stunning green evening gown, designed by sara burton. THE  alexander McQueen  designer who made her wedding gown and said she would love to create kate's maternity wardrobe. And she donned ", "she won a stunning green evening gown, designed by sara burton. THE alexander McQueen designer who made her wedding gown and said she would love to create kate's maternity wardrobe. And she donned this zahra cape, ", 'the crowd. Reporter: The color of the s.A.G. Awards carpet had nothing on jessica chastain, rocking THAT  alexander McQueen . Keeping it dark and dramatic were tina fey, amy poehler and busy philipps. And claire danes rocked it lips to ', 'of the s.A.G. Awards carpet had nothing on jessica chastain, rocking THAT alexander McQueen . Keeping it dark and dramatic were tina fey, amy poehler and busy philipps. And claire danes rocked it lips to hips. I ']