["O.J. Simpson is found not guilty of killing Nicole Brown and Ronald Goldman. 32. Aug. 31, 1997:  Princess Diana  and  Dodi Al - Fayed  are killed in a car crash in the Pont de l'Alma road tunnel in Paris. 33. Aug. 2, 1998: San Luis ", "Stepping into  Princess Diana 's shoes on will focus on  Princess Diana 's final two relationship with  Dodi Fayed  -- who was challenge of playing  Princess Diana . Catherine including with  Dodi Al - Fayed 's father ", 'her upcoming roll as  Princess Diana  in the film, "Caught car crash that killed  Princess Diana  at age 36. The film Hasnat Khan, as well as  Dodi Fayed , who was with her she got the gig. " Princess Diana  was loved across the ', 'AP "If these actions are proved to have been verified, I am appalled." Police have also warned  Princess Diana \'s then boyfriend  Dodi Al Fayed \'s family lawyer Michael Mansfield that his voice mails could have been hacked into when he represented ', "documentary film about the death of  Princess Diana  won't be shown in Great Britain father of Diana's lover,  Dodi Fayed , who also died in the 1997 crash driving accident. Photos of Dying  Princess Diana  Causing British Uproar Katie Nicholl ", "Elton John Cautions Against 'Nastiness' of Brit Media, Tells Prince William and Kate Middleton to Prepare for 'Bumpy' Ride", 'music superstar Elton John says his friend the late  Princess Diana  would be "very happy" with her son William\'s choice pursuing photographers. He and Diana and her companion,  Dodi Fayed  , were killed. John, who performed at Diana\'s funeral ', 'Christiane Amanpour , former UK prime minister Tony Blair said he was worried about  Princess Diana  after her marriage with Prince Charles ended and she started dating  Dodi Fayed . "I was worried for her, frankly," Blair told Amanpour. "And I was worried ', "The Mercedes 600 carrying  Princess Diana  and her companion  Dodi Fayed  was traveling more than 85 miles per hour when it hit a concrete pillar head-on in the Place D'Alma underpass, crumbling like ", "child is bereaved. His mother,  Princess Diana , had attended the organization's charity was started by one of  Princess Diana 's friends, Julia Samuel, patron in Paris with her boyfriend,  Dodi Fayed . Prince Harry, unlike his brother ", 'Princess Diana \'s heart surgeon lover Hasnat Khan looking into the deaths of Diana and  Dodi al - Fayed  in a high-speed Paris car crash in said he thought Diana realised that  Dodi al - Fayed  "could give her all the things I could ', 'Octuplet Mom, Barry Bonds to Princess Diana : People and Events That Changed History', 'of Wales For virtually her entire adult life,  Princess Diana  lived in front of the cameras . A figure of constant in her marriage. An inquest into the deaths of  Princess Diana  and  Dodi Fayed , her boyfriend at the time, determined that the ', "into the car crash that killed her, the mystery surrounding  Princess Diana 's death remains. As part of the latest inquest, an 11-member this morning claimed a ring he sold to Diana's companion  Dodi al Fayed  was an engagement ring. He added that Fayed planned to give ", 'Princess Diana  may have been alive moments after the accident in Paris that eventually to do our job." Photographers began pursuing Diana and her friend  Dodi Al Fayed  that tragic night in August 1997. As they left the Ritz hotel, Diana ', "We've heard so much about  Dodi fayed  who was in the car with the princess can he waved and said good night  Princess Diana  over the Princess Margaret will got a piece of stationery from  Princess Diana  with her handwriting on it. And ", "and the princess she can he waved and said good night -- Princess Diana -- over the Princess Margaret will -- let's be clear here this was a two year long relationship between her and this ", "which which is astonishing that you've got a piece of stationery from Princess Diana with her handwriting on it. And she thanks you for going out and finding him -- right -- she is so worried ", "year anniversary of the death of  Princess Diana . Well here's a look at one short while. Ago with two of  princess Diana 's sisters. To bring the body 36 years old died for companion  Dodi fayed . In a car crash in a tunnel in ", "Today the world marks the ten year anniversary of the death of Princess Diana . Well here's a look at one of the special reports filed by ABC news in the hours after the tragic car crash ", "Charles who went to Paris -- short while. Ago with two of princess Diana's sisters. To bring the body back. There is Prince Charles and that one of the royal neck craze. Coming back to Britain with her sisters lady Jane fellows. And -- -- -- today -- both of -- ladies in waiting. To members of the royal family who went to a claim the body. At the French hospital where she died as this -- about sixteen hours ago -- 36 years old died for companion Dodi fayed . In a car crash in a tunnel in Paris. Car going. At a very high speed. And involved in some fashion yet ", "government is trying to determine once and for all whether  princess Diana 's death was a tragic accident but the result of an pregnant when she died which she engaged to her lover  Dodi fayed . Laws she murdered eleven jurors even visit the crash ", "the British government is trying to determine once and for all whether princess Diana's death was a tragic accident but the result of an assassination plot. Here's ABC's nick -- -- -- No stone will be left unturned said the judge walls Diana pregnant when she died which she engaged to her lover Dodi fayed . Laws she murdered eleven jurors -- even visit the crash scene in Paris. This is -- doing. All almost as long now ", 'today about the long awaited inquest into the death of  Princess Diana  and English court spokesman says the preliminary hearing pages that was bitterly contested by the father of  Dodi fayed  Mohamed Al you and your in the French colts. And thus ', 'is word today about the long awaited inquest into the death of Princess Diana and English court spokesman says the preliminary hearing. To examine her death is expected to Begin early next year for details on this were joined on the phone. From England by royals expert Richard fits Williams sir my first question is an easy one why did this take so long. Well I think -- -- it -- -- it was -- -- that was a lot of time. Which -- taken up by the requests -- for some. Thousand pages that was bitterly contested by the father of Dodi fayed Mohamed Al -- you and your -- in the French colts. And thus let -- number of people to believe that the ', "watched royal in recent history  Princess Diana  died in a mysterious car crash that the chauffeur driving  Princess Diana  and her companion  Dodi fayed  at the time of their fatal an ordinary day. includes  Dodi fayed 's father Mohamed fayed who ", "been nearly ten years since the most watched royal in recent history Princess Diana died in a mysterious car crash. Since then speculation about -- -- play has run rampant. A recent report that the US was tapping Diana's phone a charge the National Security Agency denies. Added fuel to the five year. But today some conspiracy theories may be laid to rest Scotland Yard is releasing a police report on Diana's death three years in the making. Is expect showed that the chauffeur driving Princess Diana and her companion Dodi fayed at the time of their fatal crash in a Paris tunnel was -- -- but he wants to think that somebody. Say two. Gorgeous. So troubled so interesting could of died such an ordinary day. -- includes Dodi fayed's father Mohamed fayed who suspects his son was murder. The British establishment does not want any further discussion. How Diana princess of ", 'the two children obviously and she was going out with  Dodi fayed . And that was causing some consternation you writing Well Tony Blair apparently giving dating advice.  Princess Diana  something I certainly did not know about certainly ', "she had the two children obviously and she was going out with Dodi fayed . And that was causing some consternation you writing and you had to confront her about it I was worried for a frankly -- and I was worried because the -- it was obviously going to be extremely. Difficult and I wanted -- To know who. Involved -- the implications and consequences of all of it was going to be. Well -- Tony Blair apparently giving dating advice. Princess Diana something I certainly did not know about certainly not a new revelation that he absolutely. -- latest -- politics time we're joined ", 'Tina Brown has been covering  Princess Diana  since the early 1980s. In her the world with her new friend.  Dodi fayed  that she tipped off the press and not stuffing not stuffed not  Princess Diana  will go down in British history ', "sat -- paid attention to Diana's way. Tina Brown has been covering Princess Diana since the early 1980s. In her new best seller she argues that despite mighty boiled resistance. Diana ended up fundamentally changing the ", "and then princess and not stuffing not stuffed not -- -- -- Princess Diana will go down in British history and who. She's the greatest thing to happen -- since Queen Victoria. That's -- -- compliment "]