['Rapiro can perform a number of household tasks, including making coffee and managing calendars.', "The robot is fitted with 12 servo motors, which helps give the miniature machine added mobility. Rapiro's creators believe their newest invention will help beginners to become better acquainted with robotics.", 'Rapiro is powered by Raspberry Pi - a credit-card sized computer that plugs into TVs and keyboards. It works alongside Rapiro, allowing the bot to fulfil tasks such as telling the weather. ', "Rapiro's creator, Shota Ishiwatari, has started a Kickstarter campaign to help fund Rapiro. It has raised over $65,000 so far, with more than a month remaining. Those who pledge $350 will receive their very own robot.", "Ishiwatari wants all of his creations to offer a 'cute' spin on technology, and to bridge the gap between the Raspberry Pi system and robotics.", 'Forget the cleaning - for tiny surfaces, at least. Armed with a minute broom, Rapiro can double as a robotic maid.', 'Rapiro can be fitted with a webcam should owners wish to record a day in the life of a tiny humanoid robot. It can be connected to a dongle and controlled by a smartphone.', 'The kit was created by a Japanese company as a "catalyst between robotics and Raspberry Pi." The credit-card sized, Linux-based PC known as Raspberry Pi is designed to work with the basic hardware of Rapiro, allowing you to program it to do many things, such as manage your calendar or tell you the weather, in addition to making the coffee.', 'Rapiro isn\'t the first of its kind: BrickPi is a Raspberry Pi-controlled lego robot that was funded through Kickstarter. According to its developers, BrickPi "connects LEGO Mindstorms Sensors, motors, and parts to turn your credit card-size computer into a robot." Unlike Rapiro, it functions more as a toy than a personal assistant.', 'Raspberry Pi makes the software easily customizable for users who are familiar with the technology. Rapiro can also be fitted with a camera to give it the ability to gather and store visual data. (Also a feature of Raspberry Pi.) Rapiro also has 12 "servo motors," which help it with mobility.', "If you're not Raspberry Pi-savvy or just dabbling in robotics, that's fine too. According to the website, the idea of the project is for a beginner to get into robotics and for an expert to create higher utility through Raspberry Pi.", 'There is strong interest in this little robot: With over 46 days left in its Kickstarter campaign, it has already crossed its funding goal. Interested backers can get the full kit for a $350 pledge. For more, check out the video above.', 'Do you need a new TV, house or limb? All you need is to press print. Take an interactive scroll through to the future of 3D printing.', "See how India's frugal innovators are adapting existing tools and technologies to provide all manner of imaginative low-cost solutions.", "It could easily be a deleted scene from the classic movie, ET, but two British inventors claim to have invented the world's first flying bicycle.", "What's 1,200-years-old, made of wood and responsible for the smart-phone in your pocket? Japan's Toji Pagoda, of course!", 'The inventor of GPS technology, Bradford Parkinson, tells CNN the future of transport is self-driving cars. ', 'It may be constructed from drainage pipes but according to its 18-year-old inventor, this single-person U-boat can plunge to a depth of 30 feet.', "A treasure trove of technological 'firsts', including an incredibly rare Apple 1 computer, goes on auction in Germany", 'How did an ex-cop fashion a fully functioning robot from old hi-fi speakers, DVD players and assorted household items?', "More than 10 billion USB sticks are believed to be in use around the world today ensuring co-inventor, Ajay Bhatt, has a place in tech's unofficial hall of fame.", 'A California tech company has launched a tool that turns a regular iPhone 4 or 4S into a powerful biometrics scanning tool.', 'What\'s four centimeters long, two centimeters high and smaller than the average thumb? The "Little Cyclops" fisheye camera.', 'They are a formidable new force in the tech world -- tween developers with world-class coding skills and firsthand insights into the games kids really want to play.', "The rubber from dandelion roots could be on your car wheels before the decade is out. CNN's Nick Glass visits the Dutch firm pioneering the effort.", 'The notion of self-healing materials might sound a bit "Terminator" -- but the first versions of the technology are destined to hit the market in 2013.']