['little too gimmicky. These genre shows have never done that well." HBO/AP Photo The Newsroom There was no room for  Aaron Sorkin \'s "The Newsroom" on the list of outstanding drama series, though star Jeff Daniels did get a nom for best actor ', 'thinkers." At last year\'s conference Cook revealed that Siri and Facebook enhancements were coming to the iPhone, and  Aaron Sorkin  dissected the characters in HBO\'s "The Newsroom." ABC News will be covering the event, starting tonight (at 6 ', 'the horizon. "jOBS," starring Ashton Kutcher as Steve Jobs, was due out on April 19, but was recently delayed.  Aaron Sorkin  is also writing a Steve Jobs film. Sorkin has said his film will focus on a particular point in Jobs\' life. Funny ', "Co-Founder Steve Wozniak Criticizes 'jOBS' Biopic Film Wozniak is serving as a consultant on another Jobs movie that  Aaron Sorkin  is writing. As for Kutcher, he is not the only actor to push the boundaries of health for a role. Click through to ", "Palo Alto, Calif., where Jobs and Wozniak first started making Apple computers. Another Jobs biopic, written by  Aaron Sorkin  , is also in the works, but come April 19 there will be only one way to commemorate Apple's 37 years of business ", 'Palo Alto, Calif., where Jobs and Wozniak first started making Apple computers. Another Jobs biopic, written by  Aaron Sorkin , is also being planned. The only question left: What does Apple itself have in store for the March-April time frame ', 'a newspaper editor is iconic, these days, he doesn\'t pay much attention to shows about the news. That includes  Aaron Sorkin \'s "Newsroom," even though he appeared in Sorkin\'s last show, "Studio 60 on the Sunset Strip." "I haven\'t ', 'according to the pool press report. Other notable names at the fashionable fundraiser included "West Wing" screenwriter  Aaron Sorkin , Vogue editor Anna Wintour and reality-TV host Jerry Springer. Clint Eastwood category: Mitt Romney On Aug. 3 ', "another four years in the White House. But this being an  Aaron Sorkin -scripted romantic comedy, love and a Democratic victory incomplete without Jed Bartlet, the driving force of  Aaron Sorkin 's iconic White House TV drama. In a 2000 interview ", 'according to the pool press report. Other notable names at the fashionable fundraiser included "West Wing" screenwriter  Aaron Sorkin , Vogue editor Anna Wintour and reality-TV host Jerry Springer. Clint Eastwood category: Mitt Romney On Aug. 3 ', 'according to the pool press report. Other notable names at the fashionable fundraiser included "West Wing" screenwriter  Aaron Sorkin , Vogue editor Anna Wintour and reality-TV host Jerry Springer. Clint Eastwood category: Mitt Romney On Aug. 3 ', 'according to the pool press report. Other notable names at the fashionable fundraiser included "West Wing" screenwriter  Aaron Sorkin , Vogue editor Anna Wintour and reality-TV host Jerry Springer. Clint Eastwood category: Mitt Romney On Aug. 3 ', 'according to the pool press report. Other notable names at the fashionable fundraiser included "West Wing" screenwriter  Aaron Sorkin , Vogue editor Anna Wintour and reality-TV host Jerry Springer. Clint Eastwood category: Mitt Romney On Aug. 3 ', "Daniels Optimistic, But Will Believe a 'Dumb and Dumber' Sequel 'When He Sees It'", 'the same time. When you think we\'re getting back together, I say something wrong. And something you said about  aaron sorkin . He does flawed characters very well. will McAvoy, very flawed. But some characters. I remember with "terms of ', 'getting back together, I say something wrong. And something you said about aaron sorkin . He does flawed characters very well. will McAvoy, very flawed. But some characters. I remember with "terms of endearment," I cheat on ', "Oscars it was written by the creator of the west wing  Aaron Sorkin  who took this project on. Despite the fact that he's know yet I don't I'm gonna read the script that OK  Aaron Sorkin  thanks very much I really appreciate next.", "year's Oscars it was written by the creator of the west wing Aaron Sorkin who took this project on. Despite the fact that he's really not a fan of the Internet. He spoke yesterday. So why ", "don't know yet I don't I'm gonna read the script that OK Aaron Sorkin thanks very much I really appreciate -- next. ", 'Develop your own compass and take risks and if now remember the first person through the always against her. My junior and senior years a confession and a five bedroom apartment at the top of these With her roommates one home with filmmaker named Chris. Christopher sweet guy with a sly sense of', 'opens his mouth. Ended this of course is created by  Aaron Sorkin  behind west wing social network sports night. And he Olbermann says that you know this is the second time that  Aaron Sorkin  has written about. His life this time and sports night ', 'when he opens his mouth. Ended this of course is created by Aaron Sorkin behind west wing social network sports night. And he really knows how to get inside these -- was it the premier lesson ', 'Keith Olbermann says that you know this is the second time that Aaron Sorkin has written about. His life this time and sports night Aaron says no no no -- sub base that anyone who did ', 'controversial film was written by  Aaron Sorkin  famous for his hit series the west it Michael at we sat down with  Aaron Sorkin  the man The move. You guys were for William Shakespeare. Or pass  Aaron Sorkin . You know immediately how we were ', "like 26 year old billion there. A controversial film was written by Aaron Sorkin famous for his hit series the west wing. Now Sorkin has turned his considerable talents to Zuckerberg and then we'll be. May have blockbuster written all over it Michael at -- we -- sat down with Aaron Sorkin the man -- -- The move. You guys were the inventors of FaceBook -- FaceBook in courtroom drama style the social network ", "Machiavelli it's sort of morality play perfect for William Shakespeare. Or pass Aaron Sorkin . You know immediately how we were -- approach the story. Now. I knew immediately that I -- to do it. I've I've ", 'and truth or fiction there is no debating this film is classic Aaron Sorkin . You want me on that law. You need me on that wall from the quotable monologue of a few good men honor ', "just announced moments ago we're back with Chris Connolly up in New York in the whole gang. We also got right now  Aaron Sorkin  on the phone Sorkin winning an Oscar nomination for the social network congratulations Aaron. And I thought George ", 'in New York in the whole gang. We also got right now Aaron Sorkin on the phone -- Sorkin winning an Oscar nomination for the social network congratulations Aaron. And I thought George great credit card ', "press. And I know Michaels here tonight. Michael what's secret meant. Couldn't leave me you're an actor in.  Aaron Sorkin  not a liberal thing. I could have something to do it. that maybe that's something else. I recognize that this job ", "Michael what's -- secret meant. Couldn't leave me you're an actor in. Aaron Sorkin not a liberal -- -- thing. I could have something to do it. -- that maybe that's something else. I recognize that "]