["Daniels Optimistic, But Will Believe a 'Dumb and Dumber' Sequel 'When He Sees It'", "Oscars it was written by the creator of the west wing  Aaron Sorkin  who took this project on. Despite the fact that he's know yet I don't I'm gonna read the script that OK  Aaron Sorkin  thanks very much I really appreciate next.", "year's Oscars it was written by the creator of the west wing Aaron Sorkin who took this project on. Despite the fact that he's really not a fan of the Internet. He spoke yesterday. So why ", "don't know yet I don't I'm gonna read the script that OK Aaron Sorkin thanks very much I really appreciate -- next. ", 'Develop your own compass and take risks and if now remember the first person through the always against her. My junior and senior years a confession and a five bedroom apartment at the top of these With her roommates one home with filmmaker named Chris. Christopher sweet guy with a sly sense of', 'opens his mouth. Ended this of course is created by  Aaron Sorkin  behind west wing social network sports night. And he Olbermann says that you know this is the second time that  Aaron Sorkin  has written about. His life this time and sports night ', 'when he opens his mouth. Ended this of course is created by Aaron Sorkin behind west wing social network sports night. And he really knows how to get inside these -- was it the premier lesson ', 'Keith Olbermann says that you know this is the second time that Aaron Sorkin has written about. His life this time and sports night Aaron says no no no -- sub base that anyone who did ', 'controversial film was written by  Aaron Sorkin  famous for his hit series the west it Michael at we sat down with  Aaron Sorkin  the man The move. You guys were for William Shakespeare. Or pass  Aaron Sorkin . You know immediately how we were ', "like 26 year old billion there. A controversial film was written by Aaron Sorkin famous for his hit series the west wing. Now Sorkin has turned his considerable talents to Zuckerberg and then we'll be. May have blockbuster written all over it Michael at -- we -- sat down with Aaron Sorkin the man -- -- The move. You guys were the inventors of FaceBook -- FaceBook in courtroom drama style the social network ", "Machiavelli it's sort of morality play perfect for William Shakespeare. Or pass Aaron Sorkin . You know immediately how we were -- approach the story. Now. I knew immediately that I -- to do it. I've I've ", 'and truth or fiction there is no debating this film is classic Aaron Sorkin . You want me on that law. You need me on that wall from the quotable monologue of a few good men honor ', "just announced moments ago we're back with Chris Connolly up in New York in the whole gang. We also got right now  Aaron Sorkin  on the phone Sorkin winning an Oscar nomination for the social network congratulations Aaron. And I thought George ", 'in New York in the whole gang. We also got right now Aaron Sorkin on the phone -- Sorkin winning an Oscar nomination for the social network congratulations Aaron. And I thought George great credit card ', "press. And I know Michaels here tonight. Michael what's secret meant. Couldn't leave me you're an actor in.  Aaron Sorkin  not a liberal thing. I could have something to do it. that maybe that's something else. I recognize that this job ", "Michael what's -- secret meant. Couldn't leave me you're an actor in. Aaron Sorkin not a liberal -- -- thing. I could have something to do it. -- that maybe that's something else. I recognize that ", "the Internet but I don't mind as well. Yeah. Made my day done well all of what ever it is and if that's not.  Aaron Sorkin  victory that we had earlier this all that much more on that you we also want to I say look again as we yesterday. Welcome ", "all of what ever it is -- -- and if that's not. Aaron Sorkin victory -- that we had earlier this all that much more on that you -- -- we also want to I say ", "well done you know. Okay who. That really little Kristin Davis from Sex the City named Charlotte yes who's dating  Aaron Sorkin  creator of the newsroom live which you love. Well they split and is she doesn't appear heartbroken she got a big ", "Kristin Davis from Sex -- the City named Charlotte yes who's dating Aaron Sorkin creator of the newsroom live which you love. Well they -- split and is she doesn't appear heartbroken she got a big ", 'that this show you kids. And up the over the pet and they admit that was. Who Gary helmets he that were few drinks.  Aaron Sorkin  wrote a few good men the plate after few drinks the marine corps of this country actually started over a few drinks ', 'that was. Who Gary helmets he -- -- that were few drinks. Aaron Sorkin wrote a few good men the plate after -- few drinks the marine corps of this country actually started over a few ', "year ago so well over a year ago not the first person you'd think of the played its part in this drama. Written by  Aaron Sorkin . Social networking Steve's wrote Schindler's List and that Millard you can't beat don't get direct to Capote ", "you'd think of the played its part in this drama. Written by Aaron Sorkin . Social networking Steve's wrote Schindler's List and that Millard you can't beat don't get direct to Capote in yeah and -- in ", 'instead of being a character in net TV anchors coming unglued cursing falling apart. All while the cameras are rolling  Aaron Sorkin  has created a brand new TV series about this I wonder if not many words We do when you. What makes us the greatest ', 'anchors coming unglued cursing falling apart. All while the cameras are rolling Aaron Sorkin has created a brand new TV series about this I wonder if not -- -- many words -- We do when you. ', "And smarts. Sort of like the yourself. ABC's David writes the loops a Hollywood much. You might say she was the  Aaron Sorkin  of romantic comedy to you. What a so gifted she had elevate the genre when Harry met Sally follows the classic boy ", 'writes the loops a Hollywood much. You might say she was the Aaron Sorkin of romantic comedy -- -- to -- you. What a -- so gifted she had elevate the genre when Harry met Sally ', "the descendants. John Logan for you go. George Clooney and grant has club and bowl will all four as of march. these  Aaron Sorkin  and stand chairman for money ball. And Bridget O'Connor and strong for tinker tailor soldier spy. For best foreign ", "and bowl will all -- four as of march. -- these -- Aaron Sorkin and stand chairman for money ball. And Bridget O'Connor and -- strong for tinker tailor soldier spy. For best foreign language film ", "and he actually wanted to do work is as actors and really create characters but it's also important to point out.  Aaron Sorkin  who wrote this fantastic play. In literally did so much an overwhelming amount of of research on these characters ", "and -- really create characters but it's also important to point out. Aaron Sorkin who wrote this fantastic -- play. In literally did so much an overwhelming amount of of research on these characters. On these ", "heard the outrage securabit. So some of the lower 48 what's off though it's not a reindeer it's that caribou.  Aaron Sorkin  I know Hollywood producer who calls it a snuff film that there are to some people that see this and see the high. Powered ", "-- -- off though it's not a reindeer it's -- that caribou. Aaron Sorkin I know Hollywood producer who calls it a snuff film that there are to some people that see this and see the "]