["Bolivian  President Evo Morales  says he's returning his ambassadors to Spain, France, Italy and Portugal after the European nations apologized for refusing ", "Latin America. That revelation came just days after an uproar in Latin America over the rerouting of Bolivian  President Evo Morales ' plane over Europe amid suspicions, later proven untrue, that Snowden was aboard. And all this comes right ", 'Ortega said during a speech in the Nicaraguan capital Managua, according to Reuters. On Saturday, Bolivian  President Evo Morales  became the latest Latin American leader to say Snowden is welcomed in his country. Morales said his asylum announcement ', 'Bolivia has joined the ranks of South American countries offering refuge to NSA leaker Edward Snowden. Bolivian  President Evo Morales  said Saturday that Snowden was welcome in his country, The Associated Press reported. Morales said he was making ', 'Bolivia has joined the ranks of South American countries offering refuge to NSA leaker Edward Snowden. Bolivian  President Evo Morales  said today that Snowden was welcome in his country, The Associated Press reported. Morales said he was making ', "did not elaborate on what those circumstances would be. Catch Up on the Edward Snowden's Story Bolivia's  President Evo Morales , whose plane was forced to land in Austria and searched after rumors swirled that Snowden was on board earlier ", 'while traveling from Moscow to La Paz, Bolivian  President Evo Morales  was forced to make an unplanned landing in Austria authorities described as a "kidnapping" of their  president ,  Morales \' plane was stranded for nearly 14 hours in Vienna\'s ', "Bolivia's  President ,  Evo Morales  is known for awkward statements. He once suggested that eating genetically modified chicken makes people gay . A few months later ", 'playing an ersatz Skipper--with  Evo Morales  (the president of Boliva) as his chattering away next to a patently weary  Evo Morales . "There\'s these cartoons my son showed water below; only the ever-faithful  Evo Morales  stays by his side. "You\'ve got to ', "coffin, which was draped in the Venezuelan flag. Among them was Chavez's mother Elena Frias, Bolivia's  President Evo Morales  and Venezuela's Vice-President Nicolas Maduro. The Venezuelan government declared a week of mourning, school ", 'our interview with Bolivian  president Evo Morales . I met just after he spoke guaranteed in his country.  Evo Morales  also makes clear that he sees who is is the government of  Evo Morales  anti American and anti Yankee ', "Now our interview with Bolivian president Evo Morales I met -- just after he spoke at the UN last week. Headlines were made at the general assembly when his ally Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez. Called President Bush the devil Chavez and president -- -- is say they're part of an axis of good. In our interview president -- -- -- tries to reassure international investors saying their rights are guaranteed in his country. Evo Morales also makes clear that he sees himself as -- president of the people. Fighting to give them a voice. Mr. President thank ", "to world affairs Bolivia's  president Evo Morales  spoke to a shortly after being close to a civil war in Bolivia  president Morales  is accusing US of conspiracy literally is the government of  Evo Morales  anti American and anti Yankee ", "-- appreciation but as a human being. Turning to world affairs Bolivia's president Evo Morales spoke to a shortly after being elected more recently He booted the US ambassador out of his country. Morales accused him of inciting violence in what is close to a civil war in Bolivia president Morales is accusing US of conspiracy for many years now. Here's what He told me about Bolivia's relationship with the US Venezuela. And ", "And with them not just the drinking water from irrigation for farmland and Hydro electric power. Bolivia's  president Evo Morales  told us the is. from the US and other industrialized countries have a moral responsibility to help Bolivia prepare ", "the drinking water from irrigation for farmland and Hydro electric power. Bolivia's president Evo Morales told us the -- is. -- from the US and other industrialized countries have a moral responsibility to help Bolivia prepare for ", 'to Bolivia and Venezuela were expelled. Bolivian  president Evo Morales  accused the US of backing violence in his country an emergency meeting. But just would prove did  Evo Morales  provide. They eat us up assumed will merely out ', 'This month the US ambassador to Bolivia and Venezuela were expelled. Bolivian president Evo Morales accused the US of backing violence in his country. South American leaders met in an emergency meeting. But just would prove did Evo Morales provide. They eat us up assumed will merely out of He showed us a video of the reality in Bolivia. In regards ', "products out of it but use it for everything but they don't use it as a narcotic. Under Bolivia's current  president Evo Morales  who happens to also to head of the Coca growers union. Bolivia is on a campaign to teach the world to locally ", "everything but they don't use it as a narcotic. Under Bolivia's current president Evo Morales who happens to also -- to head of the Coca growers union. Bolivia is on a campaign to teach the world to ", 'those held at Have been there since the war on terror began in 2002. Did Q&A Bolivia. Where this week Bolivian  president Evo Morales  and Nobel Peace Prize laureate ring connect dimensional. with the Libyan shamans to celebrate the passage of ', 'terror began in 2002. Did Q&A -- Bolivia. Where this week Bolivian president Evo Morales and Nobel Peace Prize laureate ring connect dimensional. -- with the Libyan shamans to celebrate the passage of a new United Nations ', 'time Have been there since the war on terror began in 2002. Did Q&A who Bolivia. Where this week Bolivian  president Evo Morales  and Nobel Peace Prize laureate ring connect dimensional. with the Libyan shamans to celebrate the passage of ', 'terror began in 2002. Did Q&A who Bolivia. Where this week Bolivian president Evo Morales and Nobel Peace Prize laureate ring connect dimensional. -- with the Libyan shamans to celebrate the passage of a new United Nations ']