['Brian Ronan, " Nice Work If You Can Get It " Choreography Rob Kathleen Marshall, " Nice Work If You Can Get It " Direction of a Kathleen Marshall, " Nice Work If You Can Get It " Diane Paulus categories Special  Tony  Award for Lifetime ', "minority here in Times Square with Matthew Broderick got on  Broadway  showed nice work if you can get its first time back since the shape for next week. He'd be doing double duty not only  Broadway  at night but I would Kelly in the morning yes first times columnist ", "A minority here in Times Square with Matthew Broderick got on Broadway -- showed nice work if you can get its first time back since the smash hit the producers. And where you're talking ", "shape for next week. He'd be doing double duty not only -- Broadway at night but I would Kelly in the morning yes first times columnist we'll absolutely. Yeah a million to us than this ", 'next guest.  Tony  award winning in the hit  broadway  musical,  nice work if you can get it . Please welcome things about  broadway , maybe as It\'s called " nice work if you can get it ." It\'s They won  tony  awards too ', 'Very excited for our next guest. Tony award winning actor currently starring in the hit broadway musical, nice work if you can get it . Please welcome the one and only matthew broderick. Hello. whoo! And I imagine -- that\'s one of the great things about broadway , maybe as opposed to film, is this every night. The response, the connection. The real people. I don\'t know if you\'re real -- congratulations on the success. Tell us about the show and the character you play. It\'s called " nice work if you can get it ." It\'s mostly a comedy with g gerschwin songs, many you\'ve heard, made into a new story. I play a near do well, ', "a couple of touchdowns. Hey, everybody, it's a great show here on broadway . He is matthew broad rick [ ", "your owns again. Let's  Tony  yeah. They're ready to join. Exciting for our next  Tony  when he actually Actor who currently starring in the hit  Broadway  musical. Nice work if people decade. OK it's called  nice work if you can get it  and it's it's. mostly very wonderful cast and when  Tony  Awards and I want I want ", "so many others -- Matthew Broderick join. Exciting for our next -- Tony when he actually -- Actor who is currently starring in the hit Broadway musical. Nice work if people get and it's everybody please knock on the want to know me know he brought -- It "]