["how how to be a fan of the into. We're here today here on  Broadway  you know. I I I always when I was a kid I I was always my And it was also musical and kids love musicals and there  Disney  princesses or anything like that means listening accurately ", "a fan of the -- -- into. We're here today here on Broadway you know. I -- I I always when I was a kid I I was always my acted I -- acting voice was always like kind of New York games. And I never really matters to where it came from the -- are doing a show of like I bet -- from watching so much news these units and -- I -- I went through a couple of VHS -- and it was. Was grateful when I was eight or nine -- was live action -- -- like being cool it's. And it was also musical and kids love musicals and there -- -- Disney princesses or anything like that means listening accurately. So -- that the language have a voice so there's there's certain words and ", "It's the  Broadway  smash this becoming an instant so many times as a kid.  Disney  also the parent company ABC the only example certainly  Disney  theatrical and one of the musical still here it's on  Broadway  playing to sold out houses ", "everywhere for I just remember seeing so many times as a kid. Disney also the parent company ABC news which has less dancing. Says there was a public outcry -- -- version of museums this is the only example certainly Disney theatrical and one of the few like and think of anywhere. With the audience. Decided they wanted this musical still here it's on Broadway playing to sold out houses. -- this success forget for a second that newspapers here we seem to exist these games besides ", "The headline from  Broadway  reads. Big praise big nominations for sees its  Disney  theater's latest musical voice right 1899 and in true  Disney  style got. Unforgettable that's the is that you know  Disney 's obviously had some hits ", "The headline from Broadway reads. Big praise big nominations for -- sees its Disney theater's latest musical about New York's news voice right 1899 and in true Disney style -- got. Unforgettable characters -- tapping numbers -- -- up for eight Tony nominations including best musical and best director and the man whose name is on that -- -- director Jeff Calhoun is here now to get the scoop on this. Broadway sensation I mean to say it lightly it's like it's like the shot in the arm that the great -- need. Jack ", "energy on this and that's the -- -- is that you know Disney's obviously had some hits. On Broadway and they also had some that have gotten cumbersome lackluster reviews were you concerned at all are you taking on this project. God know there's not a better. There's not a better company to work for involvement in Disney and Tom Schumacher is -- the most supportive producer. And treating his artist of any producer -- -- with -- you don't ", "a legend like that it's really thrilled and everybody Harvey fire -- Broadway legend wrote an amazing -- to the show. Chris Vitale the choreographer I think is doing his finest work. And as I think he can attest to. I think it's one of the greatest. Male ensembles that you've seen on Broadway in decades. And in full disclosure before I -- get to that point because the ensemble cast just amazing and very convincing obviously to play a much younger character even though these characters -- -- older. The disclaimer is obvious that Disney is the parent company of ABC news so political -- I had I was I have that I just wanted to have ", '"Good Morning America\'s" Times Square neighbors take a break from the  Broadway  stage for TV.', "cult hit that has been revamped. For  Broadway  and guess what everybody that secret Now the last time behind the scenes of  Broadway  musical the folks over Mary Poppins had accent just right I consult some seasoned  Broadway  pros let me hear I'd say I didn't ", "movie news -- was a cult hit that has been revamped. For Broadway and guess what everybody that secret is how it's shows played to sold out audiences -- they should -- did get enough ", 'of it. Now the last time -- behind the scenes of -- Broadway musical the folks over Mary Poppins had been. Forty feet off the ground -- and upside down. I really would like to ', "that group. The news he's accent just right I consult some seasoned Broadway pros let me hear I'd say I didn't -- -- you really. -- -- -- Excuse that this could easily cured you ", 'Cast of  Broadway  smash hit performs a medley of "Seize the Day" and "Santa Fe."', "theaters. Tomorrow. It's the  Broadway  smash this becoming an instant lovely living out in the fifth.  Disney  also the parent company ABC the only example certainly  Disney  theatrical and one of the few this musical here it's on  Broadway  playing to sold out houses ", "-- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- Disney also the parent company ABC news which has less dancing. Says there was a public outcry through a -- version of museums this is the only example certainly Disney theatrical and one of the few like and think of anywhere. With the audience. Decided they wanted this musical -- here it's on Broadway playing to sold out houses. -- -- success forget for a second that newspapers barely seemed to exist the gates besides Nightline "]