['Walt Disney\'s quest to turn " Mary Poppins " from a book into a movie. The alongside Emma Thompson, who plays " Mary Poppins " author P.L. Travers in the daughters that I would make your  Mary Poppins  fly off the pages of your books ', "News. A Spoon Full of Sugar: Can you guess who inspired this skydiver? Image credit: Mashable.com That's not  Mary Poppins . Eric Roner wanted to see if he could pull off her signature trick by jumping from a hot air balloon with a patio umbrella ", 'GoProCamera/YouTube When someone mentions " Mary Poppins ," the first thing that usually comes to mind is nanny flying in on an umbrella to save the day. With " Mary Poppins " in mind, Erik Roner, a professional extreme athlete ', 'indeed be limping for the next nine million years, poor bloke. Because yes: Nethers tended to talk like that guy in " Mary Poppins ." Which naturally raised some mysteries as to their ulti- mate origin here on Earth. Detaining him was problematic for ', 'The first show to participate was "The Lion King," which has since done a second participating performance. " Mary Poppins " and "Elf" have also done these special shows. The initiative is also spread across the country, with TDF advising ', 'as J.K. Rowling, the author of the Harry Potter series, read aloud from Peter Pan and dozens of women dressed as  Mary Poppins  descended from the sky with umbrellas. Actor Rowan Atkinson was in character as Mr. Bean, a popular English comical ', 'there! If I hear one more joke about "alright guv\'nor" or "tea and crumpets," I will have to beat myself with  Mary Poppins \' umbrella. I arrived in NYC two years ago and embarked on an incredible odyssey - both a surgical voyage of discovery ', 'A spoonful of sugar helps the medicine go down,  Mary Poppins  famously sang, but a spoonful of cinnamon can cause dangerous side effects. That is the warning from concerned parents, school ', 'Disney and Cameron Mackintosh Present Mary Poppins  on Broadway, New York Sweepstakes -- Offical Rules', 'Cameron Mackintosh\'s hit musical " Mary Poppins " on Broadway! You could win a AND CAMERON MACKINTOSH PRESENT  MARY POPPINS  ON BROADWAY, NEW YORK" SWEEPSTAKES and Cameron Mackintosh present  Mary Poppins  on Broadway One (1) Hotel room ', "From Adele to KISS's Paul Stanley: Why Are So Many Award-Winning Singers Undergoing Vocal Cord Surgery?", 'everyone knows about Julie Andrews\' voice," he said. Andrews, the star of the original "The Sound of Music" and " Mary Poppins " films, lost her singing voice after a 1997 surgery. Her story remains a cautionary tale to other musicians. Recording ', 'decided to apply for the role as royal caregiver. As well where can in New York City girls go to learn how to channel  Mary Poppins  in any Hopkins practically seeking a completely. Exists he. Answer is here. I to wait in the beautiful English countryside ', 'can in New York City girls go to learn how to channel Mary Poppins in any Hopkins practically -- seeking a completely. Exists he. Answer is here. I -- to wait in the beautiful English countryside ', "this baby is already. Ankara before things done a royal way. Just thank you will be one of the. Plus where they find  Mary Poppins  for a major monarch who can write the baby was one. And quite gulf war with NN. It's many This woman palaces. We're ", "thank you will be one of the. Plus where they find -- Mary Poppins for a major monarch who can write the baby was one. And quite gulf war with -- -- NN. It's many -- ", "bonds this baby is already girl things done a royal way. Just thank you will be one of them. Plus where they find  Mary Poppins  for a major monarch who can write the baby was one thing. And gulf war with any It's many Well you know This woman ", "thank you will be one of them. Plus where they find -- Mary Poppins for a major monarch who can write the baby was one thing. And -- gulf war with any -- It's many -- ", 'used to finance business happens this pole your Twenty years ago I made a promise to my daughters that I would make  Mary Poppins  flying off the pages of your book. To become to. hate us and room here come not. A reasonable doubt and anxiety Noonan ', 'I made a promise to my daughters that I would make -- Mary Poppins flying off the pages of your book. -- -- -- -- -- -- To become -- to. -- hate us and room ', "Michelle Nguyen 61 to 1615. crowd all the while. Another this evening this by a skydiver who says he was inspired by  Mary Poppins . You're about to see here why Eric slaughter wanted to CB could pull the same trick right here but her only one of ", "evening this -- by a skydiver who says he was inspired by Mary Poppins . You're about to see here why Eric slaughter wanted to CB could pull -- the same trick right here but her -- ", 'to apply for the role as will caregiver. She. yeah. But where can in New York City girl go to learn how to channel  Mary Poppins  nanny practically seeking freeway. The answer is here. I talked to wait in the beautiful English countryside back ', 'can in New York City girl go to learn how to channel Mary Poppins nanny -- practically -- seeking -- freeway. The answer is here. I talked to wait in the beautiful English countryside -- back ', "King. China's. yeah sure the Monday. You'll down but where can in New York City girl go to learn how to channel  Mary Poppins . Nanny problems practically parent seeking it And exits the. Answer is here. I talked to wait in the beautiful English ", 'can in New York City girl go to learn how to channel Mary Poppins . Nanny problems practically parent seeking it -- And exits the. Answer is here. I talked to wait in the beautiful English countryside ']