['(Christy Bowe/Corbis) Oscar, Grammy, Tony and Pulitzer Prize-winning composer and conductor  Marvin Hamlisch  has died, Billboard.biz reports. He was 68. His family reports he collapsed after a brief illness and died Monday. Hamlisch ', '11:48 a.m. ET : Oscar, Grammy, Tony and Pulitzer Prize-winning composer and conductor  Marvin Hamlisch , who composed dozens of classics including "The Way We Were," has died. He was 68. Read more about his work HERE and tune ', 'American Idol," anchored the program. In addition, the guests heard from the National Symphony Orchestra, with  Marvin Hamlisch  as the conductor, and the United States Marine Band. A.R. Rahman, an Indian composer, musician and singer who ', 'third season of American Idol will sing. In addition the gust will hear from the National Symphony Orchestra, with  Marvin Hamlisch  as the Conductor, and the United States Marine Band. A.R. Rahman, an Indian composer, musician and singer who ', 'season of "American Idol" will sing. In addition, the guests will hear from the National Symphony Orchestra, with  Marvin Hamlisch  as the conductor, and the United States Marine Band. A.R. Rahman, an Indian composer, musician and singer who ', 'TBA: Jackie Clegg Dodd and Mary Brownback, reports ABC News\' Sunlen Miller. (Entertainment will be provided by  Marvin Hamlisch  of A Chorus Line fame). Barack Obama meets his supporters in Newton, IA before enjoying an "Evening in the Park ', 'organic. It\'s as if you turned over a rock and came upon the song all at once." And another modern master,  Marvin Hamlisch , confirmed the unrivaled power of Ward\'s music through its cadence and structure. For the first time I also understood ', 'That s you. Growing up in the spotlight is what you had to do. We re all so proud of you. Composer and entertainer  Marvin Hamlisch , delivering a musical tribute to the first daughter during a political fundraiser in Nantucket on Friday. No analysis ', "metaphorical line between desperation. And hope. Composer  Marvin Hamlisch . One day. Michael took piece that you to put a large surgery these days so is a chorus still relevant.  Marvin Hamlisch  think so. It's almost as if the time has changed ", 'chorus line. To illustrate that metaphorical line between desperation. And hope. Composer Marvin Hamlisch . One day. Michael took -- piece that you -- to put a large. At the rehearsal hall -- -- this is the ', "get plastic surgery these days so is a chorus -- still relevant. Marvin Hamlisch think so. It's almost as if the time has changed in the show. Has done one of these and -- you're looking ", 'the staying and the way we were just to name a few has died.  Marvin Hamlisch  passed away in Los Angeles Monday after a brief illness. He award including three Oscars Emmys a Tony and Golden Globes.  Marvin Hamlisch  68 years old.', "and the way we were just to name a few has died. Marvin Hamlisch passed away in Los Angeles Monday after a brief illness. He leaves behind a musical legacy that includes more than forty film scores and a Pulitzer Prize for the 1975 Broadway -- a chorus line. That's on top of every other major award including three Oscars Emmys a Tony and Golden Globes. Marvin Hamlisch -- 68 years old. ", 'To the pop classic from james bond "the spy who loved me," marvin hamlisch created the scores of our lives. He was a man of superlatives. Just 7 years old to go too juilliard. One of ', "like yeah. Everybody You see why don't Lara so glad you're with us today. And I don't know just heard of them  Marvin Hamlisch  has passed away in Los Angeles age. 68. So much joy he brought so many songs he I am so upset I mean can we just ", "with us today. And -- I don't know just heard of them Marvin Hamlisch has passed away in Los Angeles age. 68. So much joy he brought so many songs he -- I am so upset ", "anybody talk faster. I talked But it's written so outlet for an avenue and you know the by John campaign donations  Marvin Hamlisch  it was still some wonderful show that the I have asthma I didn't want to celebrate his shot I recently awarded a ", "an avenue and you know the -- by John campaign donations -- Marvin Hamlisch it was still some wonderful show that the I have asthma I didn't want to celebrate his -- -- shot I recently ", "something that I ordinarily come up and and I have Christmas of the few times to that I think who's a living legend  Marvin Hamlisch  who wrote every hit song we've ever heard runners finest people on planet. Very sexy got to Alan Cumming who that ", "few times to -- -- that I think who's a living legend Marvin Hamlisch who wrote every hit song we've ever heard -- runners -- finest people on planet. Very sexy -- got to Alan Cumming ", "little suit pumpkin pie. The entertainment included singer Jennifer Hudson and the National Symphony Orchestra with  Marvin Hamlisch  as the conductor. And by midnight the president's first state dinner came to a close under the stars.", "The entertainment included singer Jennifer Hudson and the National Symphony Orchestra with Marvin Hamlisch as the conductor. And by midnight the president's first state dinner came to a close under the stars. "]