['eat at Nobu." 6. They love the theater: Her kids were well-behaved last year during a performance of the  Broadway  show " Newsies ," and she\'s planning to take them this summer to see "Annie," "Matilda" and "Spider-Man." 7. They\'re ', "Kirstie Alley and Gilles Marini Voted Off 'Dancing With the Stars: All-Stars' in Week 8", 'scores were combined. Tonight\' show featured live performances from Kylie Minogue, Ne-Yo and the cast of the  Broadway  musical " Newsies ." Photos: See the entire all-star cast and their pro partners! Returning next week to perform in the semi-finals ', 'Faith" " Newsies " "Nice Work Carter Beane " Newsies ,"  Harvey Fierstein  "Nice Work Don Black " Newsies ," music:  Alan Menken ; lyrics:  Jack Feldman  "One Man Jordan, " Newsies " Steve Kazee Gattelli, " Newsies " Steven Hoggett ', 'world peace? What if a cartwheel could change the world? ABC\'s John Berman talks with the cast of the hit  Broadway  musical " Newsies ," and explains how the plot, set in 1899, has re-energized a new protest generation . 11: 51 a.m. ET ', 'now Tony-nominated) cast of " Newsies ." He notes that the plot for the hit  Broadway  musical, set in 1899, sort of tells time, with much better dancing. " Newsies " stars Ryan Steele, who plays Specs ', 'take the hit  Broadway  musical, " Newsies ." " Newsies " stars Ryan critics. " Newsies " is the more members of the  Broadway  show admit from the 1992  Disney  film of the pre-Batman  Christian Bale , who seems ', 'Dancing" and brought " Newsies " to theaters, is 33 months turning a  Disney  Channel musical romance huge franchise for  Disney , the parent company came in 1992 with " Newsies ," More than a decade enormously great."  Disney  Pictures and the  Disney', 'this has this has been a big hit on  Broadway  And they wanted more does that happen embrace and fans of sort of called too  Broadway  starlet OK way to bring it to them fans and yet. Somehow the whole  Broadway  community has started to embrace ', "-- -- this has -- this has been a big hit on Broadway -- And they wanted more does that happen a lot. Yeah you know it it made made vitamins. -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- Following -- for the film and so we weren't really sure happy Morgan embrace -- and fans of sort of called too Broadway starlet OK way to bring it to them for the fans and yet. Somehow the whole Broadway community has started to embrace it. And so we're extending. And like every one this coming as a show we're selling out ", "how how to be a fan of the into. We're here today here on  Broadway  you know. I I I always when I was a kid I I was always my And it was also musical and kids love musicals and there  Disney  princesses or anything like that means listening accurately ", "a fan of the -- -- into. We're here today here on Broadway you know. I -- I I always when I was a kid I I was always my acted I -- acting voice was always like kind of New York games. And I never really matters to where it came from the -- are doing a show of like I bet -- from watching so much news these units and -- I -- I went through a couple of VHS -- and it was. Was grateful when I was eight or nine -- was live action -- -- like being cool it's. And it was also musical and kids love musicals and there -- -- Disney princesses or anything like that means listening accurately. So -- that the language have a voice so there's there's certain words and ", "It's the  Broadway  smash this becoming an instant so many times as a kid.  Disney  also the parent company ABC the only example certainly  Disney  theatrical and one of the musical still here it's on  Broadway  playing to sold out houses ", "everywhere for I just remember seeing so many times as a kid. Disney also the parent company ABC news which has less dancing. Says there was a public outcry -- -- version of museums this is the only example certainly Disney theatrical and one of the few like and think of anywhere. With the audience. Decided they wanted this musical still here it's on Broadway playing to sold out houses. -- this success forget for a second that newspapers here we seem to exist these games besides ", "The headline from  Broadway  reads. Big praise big nominations for sees its  Disney  theater's latest musical voice right 1899 and in true  Disney  style got. Unforgettable that's the is that you know  Disney 's obviously had some hits ", "The headline from Broadway reads. Big praise big nominations for -- sees its Disney theater's latest musical about New York's news voice right 1899 and in true Disney style -- got. Unforgettable characters -- tapping numbers -- -- up for eight Tony nominations including best musical and best director and the man whose name is on that -- -- director Jeff Calhoun is here now to get the scoop on this. Broadway sensation I mean to say it lightly it's like it's like the shot in the arm that the great -- need. Jack ", "energy on this and that's the -- -- is that you know Disney's obviously had some hits. On Broadway and they also had some that have gotten cumbersome lackluster reviews were you concerned at all are you taking on this project. God know there's not a better. There's not a better company to work for involvement in Disney and Tom Schumacher is -- the most supportive producer. And treating his artist of any producer -- -- with -- you don't ", "a legend like that it's really thrilled and everybody Harvey fire -- Broadway legend wrote an amazing -- to the show. Chris Vitale the choreographer I think is doing his finest work. And as I think he can attest to. I think it's one of the greatest. Male ensembles that you've seen on Broadway in decades. And in full disclosure before I -- get to that point because the ensemble cast just amazing and very convincing obviously to play a much younger character even though these characters -- -- older. The disclaimer is obvious that Disney is the parent company of ABC news so political -- I had I was I have that I just wanted to have ", '"Good Morning America\'s" Times Square neighbors take a break from the  Broadway  stage for TV.']