["And now on with this week's exclusive,  general keith alexander , heads the national security agency. Thank you for come on this morning. The news that he's on his way to moscow, perhaps ", "And now on with this week's exclusive, general keith alexander , heads the national security agency. Thank you for come on this morning. The news that he's on his way to moscow, perhaps ", 'Gen .  Keith Alexander  tells Congress at least 50 potential terrorist attacks have been thwarted.', 'undercover assets all around the world. Reporter: On the abc news program "this week," the head of the nsa,  general keith alexander  told george stephanopoulos he still did not know how snowden had access to so many secrets. No, I don\'t ', 'On the abc news program "this week," the head of the nsa, general keith alexander told george stephanopoulos he still did not know how snowden had access to so many secrets. No, I don\'t. It\'s clearly an ', 'entire intelligence community and undercover assets all around the world. Reporter: In an abc news exclusive,  general keith alexander , head of the nsa, told george stephanopoulos on "this week" there was nothing honorable about snowden. It\'s ', 'undercover assets all around the world. Reporter: In an abc news exclusive, general keith alexander , head of the nsa, told george stephanopoulos on "this week" there was nothing honorable about snowden. It\'s clearly an individual who has ', "will be some serious damage to national security. Reporter: In his testimony before congress on wednesday,  general keith alexander , head of the nsa, said snowden has already hurt the u.S. Great harm's already been done by opening this ", "damage to national security. Reporter: In his testimony before congress on wednesday, general keith alexander , head of the nsa, said snowden has already hurt the u.S. Great harm's already been done by opening this up. Reporter: Snowden ", 'out then there will be serious damage to national security. Reporter: In congress today the head of the nsa,  general keith alexander  said snowden already hurt the u.S. Great harm has already been done by opening this up. Our security is jeopardized ', 'to national security. Reporter: In congress today the head of the nsa, general keith alexander said snowden already hurt the u.S. Great harm has already been done by opening this up. Our security is jeopardized. Reporter: Alexander ', "in new York and this is an ABC news digital special report the NSA is under the microscope today as its leader  general Keith Alexander  visits. The senate appropriations committee to talk cyber security. At least that's the plan more likely ", "special report the NSA is under the microscope today as its leader general Keith Alexander visits. The senate appropriations committee to talk cyber security. At least that's the plan more likely there'll be lots of questions about ", 'much rather be here today debating this point than trying to explain how we failed to prevent another 9/11. Reporter:  Keith alexander  revealed that edward snowden was able to get his hands on so many top secret documents because he was trained as an analyst ', 'than trying to explain how we failed to prevent another 9/11. Reporter: Keith alexander revealed that edward snowden was able to get his hands on so many top secret documents because he was trained as an ', "they're attacked? It is very complicated. But I think -- and general cartwright is right. The announcement this week,  keith alexander  announced that there would be some 17 offensive cyber teams. If you only played defense you're going to lose. It's ", "I think -- and general cartwright is right. The announcement this week, keith alexander announced that there would be some 17 offensive cyber teams. If you only played defense you're going to lose. It's just too "]