['champion dance pro, has appeared in films including "Safe Haven" and " Rock of Ages ." She also has a country-music career. Hough has said it was tough RELATED: \'Dancing With The Stars\' Season 16: New Celebrity  Cast  Announced', 'winner for her role in "Chicago" who made her return to the big screen recently alongside Tom Cruise in the  musical  " Rock of Ages ," is starring with Gerard Butler in "Playing for Keeps," and has a second film, "Lay the Favorite," in ', 'of recent movie roles where he\'s either underutilized (" Rock of Ages ") or his character is poorly written ("Total Recall is a bona fide, suspense-filled thriller with a terrific  cast , and wow! It doesn\'t matter that we know the outcome ', 'Drive" and "Miami Vice," although he\'s more likely to be  cast  as the bad guy than the heartthrob. Theroux played Drew Barrymore\'s co-wrote "Tropic Thunder," "Iron Man 2" and this summer\'s  Rock of Ages . He directed the 2007 film "Dedication" and will reportedly ', '" Rock Of Ages " is adapted from a popular a fine job with his last  musical -to-movie adaptation Click here to view a " Rock of Ages  slideshow Ex-Dancing with hour-and-a-half, " Rock of Ages \'" brand of high camp and ', 'based on the hit Broadway  musical , Hathaway\'s singing takes singing chops in his new movie " Rock of Ages ," which is based on the hit  musical . Cruise plays Stacee Jaxx make a record. I may do a  musical . I\'m not sure, but I\'m ', 'circus, to get there. Opens June 8.  Rock of Ages  It\'s Tom Cruise as we\'ve never seen tune as a 1980s glam rock star in " Rock of Ages ," the movie adaption of the hit Broadway  musical . It also stars a singing Alec Baldwin winner Jordin Sparks plays Houston\'s  musical  prodigy daughter who, along with her ', "Tom Cruise shows off his singing chops in a new trailer for his movie  Rock of Ages , based on the hit  musical . The final scene in the two-and-a-half-minute clip depicts Cruise, as long-haired '80s rock star Stacee Jaxx, performing ", 'the \'90s, Debbie, by then known as Deborah, turned to  musical  theater, making her Broadway debut in Les Miserables in 2005 issue, and went the route of reality TV, joining the  cast  of Fox\'s "Skating with Celebrities" in 2006 before being video and filmed a cameo appearance in the upcoming film, \' Rock of Ages .\' Michael Ochs Archives/Getty Images; Jim Dyson/Getty ', 'come from work that blends her  musical  and acting talents. In 2006 film adaptation of the Motown  musical  Dreamgirls. She won an Academy Broadway in the Monty Python  musical  "Spamalot." Taylor Hicks nomination for his leading role in " Rock of Ages ." Still, without a big-selling ', 'is something that. Is there is just beautiful to watch you on stage in the senate Tom Cruise actually helped put the entire  cast  as. Well yeah I mean he was helping me out out and every time he Julianne Julianne would help me here. That would back close ', 'on stage in the senate Tom Cruise actually helped put the entire cast as. Well yeah I mean he was helping me out -- -- out and every time he -- Julianne Julianne would help ', "and art take on the big  musical  adaptation  rock of ages  which features a star studded  cast . Its opening weekend came do you expect that the  musical  yes it's going to be good guess what it was a  musical  it's ancient to the script ", "the time -- for insomniac theatre and art take on the big musical adaptation rock of ages which features a star studded cast . Its opening weekend -- came in third though with some. It's underwhelming number. Burns and do quite as well they thought here ", "scripts and you know it will what do you expect that the musical yes it's going to be a little corny yes all of Smith strings are gonna tie up with a little -- at ", "just four out of five certainly good guess what it was a musical it's ancient to the script and it was corny perfect its some of the Nazi gas but did not plan all means ", "pressure was on beyond our lead vocalist. Broadway  musical rock of ages  had invited us to use their stage. And we chose waiting to go on. We watched the real performers from  rock of ages  bring down. We'd have to follow and a crowd of ", "-- but the real pressure was on beyond our lead vocalist. Broadway musical rock of ages had invited us to use their stage. And we chose one of their songs don't stop believing by journey turns out it ", 'for keeps." Including an all-star  cast , with jessica biel, uma thurman, dennis Yes. It\'s fun. A great ensemble  cast . Fantastic. What I loved about when in the next few months. You just had " rock of ages " a few months ago. You\'ve been really ', 'us about her new romantic comedy, "playing for keeps." Including an all-star cast , with jessica biel, uma thurman, dennis quaid, and gerard butler. We had your castmates on. It\'s great to see you. You play ', "for the great, cute, soccer coach. Yes. It's fun. A great ensemble cast . Fantastic. What I loved about when I read the script and gabriele muccino, the director, who I love, is italian. He said, ", "half right there also songs and  rock of ages  currently playing on Broadway in for me and I love being a part of  rock of ages  and the people get to really see they'll probably win these two lines  rock of ages  man rob Roddy isn't Broadway ", "songs from the. 1980s -- you're half right there also songs and rock of ages currently playing on Broadway in my next guest definitely knows. How to -- take a listen. -- -- -- -- Rates joining ", 'the perfect fit for me and I love being a part of rock of ages and the people get to really see. See my chops in the show and that -- -- sort of vulnerable shy character ', "probably be that -- -- and they'll probably win these two lines rock of ages man rob Roddy isn't -- Broadway very good stuff right. Constantin -- thanks so much that you analysts are now star rock of ages on -- through the end of this summer or in the city on the tour starting next -- I that's all the "]