['Mike Tyson  is going back to pay TV, where champion teamed with director  Spike Lee  to bring Tyson\'s one-man stage year. The program was filmed on  Broadway , where " Mike Tyson :  Undisputed Truth " ran last summer. During the ', 'Mike Tyson  is going back to pay TV, where champion teamed with director  Spike Lee  to bring Tyson\'s one-man stage year. The program was filmed on  Broadway , where " Mike Tyson :  Undisputed Truth " ran last summer. During the ', 'Former heavyweight boxing champ  Mike Tyson  is now a one man show and a champion of veganism, a regimen he credits with helping him lose 140 pounds and getting him in fighting ', 'Looks like  Mike Tyson \'s ear-chomping days are officially also catch Tyson in his one man show, " Mike Tyson :  Undisputed Truth ," now touring nationally with director  Spike Lee .', 'another love triangle, this time between  Mike Tyson  and his ex-wife Robin Givens. Heavyweight past summer during his one-man show on  Broadway . " Mike Tyson :  Undisputed Truth ," directed by  Spike Lee , will soon hit the road for a 10-week ', 'attack "just like in Aurora" on the  Broadway  theater where  Mike Tyson \'s one-man show is playing. The New to New York\'s Longacre Theater where  Mike Tyson \'s one-man show, " Undisputed Truth ," is playing. "We take the threat ', "NYPD Battles Twitter for Identity of User Promising Violence 'Just Like in Aurora'", 'attack "just like in Aurora" on the  Broadway  theater where  Mike Tyson \'s one-man show is playing. The NYPD to New York\'s Longacre Theater where  Mike Tyson \'s one-man show, " Undisputed Truth ," is playing. "We take the threat ', 'boxing heavyweight champ  Mike Tyson  said his role in "The embark on a new adventure on  Broadway  - a one-man show about his life called, " Mike Tyson : The  Undisputed Truth ," directed by  Spike Lee . The show will run six ', 'Mike Tyson  is heading to  Broadway . The former called " Mike Tyson : The  Undisputed Truth ." At a described "The  Undisputed Truth " as the he said.  Spike Lee  makes his  Broadway  directorial with "The  Undisputed Truth ." At Monday\'s It\'s  Mike Tyson , in person ', "Mike Tyson  soon to appear  Broadway . Tyson and  Spike Lee  can spike in announcing plans to bring Tyson's one man show to  Broadway  for six nights only this summer not get up there there horrible  Mike Tyson  but I'll. liquidity clarinet ", "Mike Tyson soon to appear -- -- Broadway . Tyson and Spike Lee -- can spike in announcing plans to bring Tyson's one man show to Broadway for six nights only this summer. They caught a raw confessional on the highs and lows of Tyson's life. On his neck and am very vulnerable and it's telling you -- I am -- -- parliament how did happen. Is to takes courage to get a -- But just to get on the stage. Don't think being literal when he says he's not get up there there -- horrible Mike Tyson but I'll. -- liquidity clarinet I have read it really I think it'll just be a final deal both guys and -- ", "out of the ring  Mike Tyson  enough labels on the town.  Mike Tyson  is back in New life story to  Broadway  a one man show show is called  undisputed truth  and we asked them comeback of sorts  Mike Tyson  it's on the ", "His infamous exploits in an out of the ring -- Mike Tyson enough labels the last several lifetimes. Champion convict addicts. Actor and now the heavyweight -- is -- -- not come out on Broadway in a confessional one man show. -- tell my co anchor Terry Moran's all about it when they went on the town. Mike Tyson is back in New York. That rock solid physique that points -- That had to and I don't. But something's changed here. ", "Holyfield. Near bankruptcy. And then in recent years a comeback of sorts Mike Tyson it's on the screens and investigating over -- Through it all Tyson has grown relentlessly. Introspect. How do you feel the public ", "-- pollute goodwill. And -- you you're kind of forging his new Mike Tyson in the public mind people always equate success for the money. My success in a responsible father or my kids laugh at ", 'CC1 Test message  Spike lee  has never been one to shy away from tough topics keeching. 15 years as a professor. You\'re on  broadway  now with  mike tyson . I am. Directing him in " undisputed truth ." Your wife is trying to get yoto take ', 'addition to directing and keeching. 15 years as a professor. You\'re on broadway now with mike tyson . I am. Directing him in " undisputed truth ." Your wife is trying to get yoto take "do the right thing" to broad ray. Is it going to happen? I\'m speaking ']