['Studdard, earning an estimated $2.2 million in 2009, according to Forbes. His "Claymates" made him a hit in Broadway\'s " Spamalot ." And when he announced he was gay and becoming a father, he made the cover of People. Jennifer Hudson Hudson didn\'t ', 'Studdard, earning an estimated $2.2 million in 2009, according to Forbes. His "Claymates" made him a hit in Broadway\'s " Spamalot ." And when he announced he was gay and becoming a father, he made the cover of People. Diana DeGarmo Sweet DeGarmo never ', 'and producer. The relationship began in the early 1990s, but until a recent interview about his Broadway success in both " Spamalot " and "Curtains," Pierce had refused to discuss his personal life. In that interview with The Associated Press , he said ', 'and producer. The relationship began in the early 1990s, but until a recent interview about his Broadway success in both " Spamalot " and "Curtains," Pierce had refused to discuss his personal life. In that interview with The Associated Press , he said ', 'second-place finisher from the second season, boosted his 2008 earnings by performing on Broadway in the Monty Python musical " Spamalot ." Taylor Hicks, winner of the fifth season, is currently playing the role of Teen Angel in a national tour of Grease ', 'personal life than I initially thought," he told "Good Morning America." Aiken returned Tuesday to the Broadway musical " Spamalot ," but he said he\'s most excited about his role as a new dad. He\'s had talks with his mother, Faye Parker, about parenting ', 'on my hand." Aiken, 29, has graduated from the Idol stage to Broadway, where he is now a cast member in  Monty Python \' s  " Spamalot ." Lauren Cox and Aina Hunter contributed to this article. ------- Spring allergy season is here ', "Travers book and a Disney movie. New Amsterdam. Ticketmaster, a special Disney hot line, 212-307-4747.  Monty Python ' s Spamalot . A musical inspired by that demented film comedy, Monty Python and the Holy Grail. Shubert. Telecharge ", 'shows when they please. While acts like Wallace are relatively affordable, the speculation is that big production shows like  Spamalot  and Cirque du Soleil may prove too expensive for the visiting public. "If people aren\'t coming to these shows, then the ', 'Long before he starred in Broadway\'s " Spamalot ," Clay Aiken was a performer. Some might say he always knew his audience. One day during a trip to the North Carolina coastline ', "official catchphrase doesn't mention the city name. And she is wrong about the chronology of Wynn's optioning the musical  Spamalot , saying he did so after the failure of Avenue Q, when, in fact, he did it before Q opened in Vegas. That said, Binkley ", "All truly Shay was once my everything is part of ninety degrees he's got shaking up the stage on Broadway. Drew joins us today to talk about his latest role in hit musical a lot. thanks for joining us today my pleasure this isn't your first time on Broadway you weren't rent what made you come back."]