["Grave of  William Shakespeare  in Stratford on is due for may go over as the church where He is hoping just to make that most sensible many thoughtful and. But  Shakespeare 's final written on the grave provides an ominous warning. It ", "hoping just to make -- that most sensible many thoughtful and. But Shakespeare's final -- -- written on the grave provides an ominous warning. It might have been -- rotate but it's a clear warning ", "Archaeologists in London may have unearthed a very literary finding the theater where  William Shakespeare 's the merchant of Venice and Romeo and Juliette likely debuted. Has been discovered in East London. The simply called the was ", "London may have unearthed a very literary finding the theater where William Shakespeare's the merchant of Venice and Romeo and Juliette likely debuted. Has been discovered in East London. The -- simply called the -- ", "What's in name. That which we call a rose by any other name would smell as sweet  Shakespeare . Being Juliette saying simply names don't matter and less of course that name. Is preceded by your majesty. Royal expert Victoria ", "we call a rose by any other name would smell as sweet Shakespeare . Being Juliette saying simply names don't matter and less of course that name. Is preceded by your majesty. Royal expert Victoria arbiter ", 'ashamed of it. I\'m preashamed. Get ahead of the curve with that. As we said you are so busy.  Shakespeare  in the park. I\'m doing  shakespeare  in the park with public theater I\'m doing "the comedy of ear ors" which is a dream role of mine ', 'of the curve with that. As we said you are so busy. Shakespeare in the park. I\'m doing shakespeare in the park with public theater I\'m doing "the comedy of ear ors" which is a dream role of mine. So excited ', "simple question. We're all of those works really written by  Shakespeare  here's ABC's bill Blakemore.  Shakespeare  never rooms single In the new film anonymous  Shakespeare  is an illiterate country bumpkin who's paid to pretend he the ", "asks the simple question. We're all of those works really written by Shakespeare here's ABC's bill Blakemore. -- -- -- -- Shakespeare never rooms single -- In the new film anonymous Shakespeare is an illiterate country bumpkin who's paid to pretend he -- the place. I'm pivotal role -- By the real author aristocrats -- severe federal law to -- something to say otherwise they make shoes professionals Shakespeare's . Are not immune to this not a round of evidence -- -- -- a single document. And has ever been found linking it would appear that he ought to ship any Shakespeare play or any Shakespeare -- Period for starters say scholars did -- died in 1604 before many Shakespeare plays including the best would have to. The film's director Roland Emmerich who doesn't see it that way I'm very 100% sure about that -- Shakespeare also fraught. -- -- some distinguished company. Famous people -- said Shakespeare was a fraud include Mark Twain Sigmund Freud and three Supreme Court justices. But they were not scholars who've spent a lifetime ", 'day after tomorrow. Does his new film also presented disaster. Only say Shakespeare -- if you value the true. Bill Blakemore ABC news New York. ', 'the hunchback king known for his cruelty the last English monarch to die in battle he was depicted in a play by  William Shakespeare . As a brute who left a trail of bodies including those of his two nephews on his way to the throne.', 'monarch to die in battle he was depicted in a play by William Shakespeare . As a brute who left a trail of bodies including those of his two nephews on his way to the throne. ', 'To a master of romance  William Shakespeare  and his most famous lovers Romeo and Juliette to quote the Bard. There is no world without Verona walls heaven is here where Juliette ', 'To a master of romance William Shakespeare and his most famous lovers Romeo and Juliette to quote the Bard. There is no world without Verona walls heaven is here ', "one dates back to 16237. Years after  Shakespeare 's debt. It's worth millions leave it to none  Shakespeare  fans like mark Mendelssohn. Modern for ten years turned appear to Folger  Shakespeare  library in DC in mid June when a mystery ", "The recovered Foleo like this one dates back to 16237. Years after Shakespeare's debt. It's worth millions leave it to none Shakespeare fans like mark Mendelssohn. Modern. Would have decided identity so certainly wouldn't just be soundtrack and you -- can I say it's official. Foleo missing for ten years turned appear to Folger Shakespeare library in DC in mid June when a mystery man walked in and asked -- be authenticated. It's at an extraordinarily important ", "is motive. Unknown is biding his time or maybe He was to Shakespeare fanatic himself and He didn't elect Clinton ago may be someone took it from them and if only the book could talk. ", "Does this after this is just this film is going to be very popular game right here does that mean there isn't enough I haven't seen at the guys I know have seen it. Like they'll get He says it's absolutely. Wonderful I'm second producer so does this mean not gonna do anymore. of normal. What I'd", "man one of the fascinating parts about this production is that essentially it's a play within a play mean yes. Obviously  Shakespeare 's known for Hamlet. Mid Summers night dream for doing this kind of breaking the fourth dimension and interacting with ", "is that essentially it's a play within a play mean yes. Obviously Shakespeare's known for Hamlet. Mid Summers night dream for doing this kind of breaking the fourth dimension and interacting with the audience in ", "surface scan which can to anticipate craters in the road and then adjusts the suspension to compensate. And new app brings  Shakespeare 's sonnets to light the project short video interpretations of the Bard's poetry. As read by several Tony award winning ", "and then adjusts the suspension to compensate. And -- new app brings Shakespeare's sonnets to light the -- project -- short video interpretations of the Bard's poetry. As read by several Tony award winning actor ", "then in meetings here at the White House and presidential addresses and so that they must feel here tonight as  William Shakespeare  said all's well that ends well. Sam Donaldson ABC news the White House.", "and presidential addresses and so that they must feel here tonight as William Shakespeare said all's well that ends well. Sam Donaldson ABC news the White House. ", "us now from London bureau. It's been closely following the details of Murdoch's apology Jeffrey. Then if  William Shakespeare  were alive today He would be pending a new play about Rupert Murdoch this is absolutely epic what a story and what ", "It's been closely following the details of Murdoch's apology Jeffrey. Then if William Shakespeare were alive today He would be pending a new play about Rupert Murdoch this is absolutely epic what a story and what ", "okay. We're linking girls. In the film he is an awkward Machiavelli it's sort of morality play perfect for  William Shakespeare . Or pass Aaron Sorkin. You know immediately how we were approach the story. Now. I knew immediately that I ", "he is an awkward Machiavelli it's sort of morality play perfect for William Shakespeare . Or pass Aaron Sorkin. You know immediately how we were -- approach the story. Now. I knew immediately that I -- to ", 'Webcast: Securing Baghdad; Weather Woes; Valentine Knockouts; the Juliet Letters', "turn now to a master of romance  William Shakespeare  and his most famous lovers Romeo women keeping the spirit of  Shakespeare 's most tragic leading lady is have been going on since  Shakespeare 's time probably time. Two ", "gonna visit Verona Italy where some romantics -- answer letters. Written to Shakespeare's Juliette seeking advice about law appropriate for today. Then nothing says happy Valentine's Day like kick boxing a picture of your ex ", "hand by the clue. A group of women keeping the spirit of Shakespeare's most tragic leading lady alive. And we really do mean alive -- ABC news New York. Now perhaps you have recently broken ", "these these same conflicts and jealousy is have been going on since Shakespeare's time -- -- probably -- -- -- time. Two -- particularly stand out recently. That. Our modern love to me. One was ", "every start he's taken a stab. I  Shakespeare . Which I know he'll be great terrific actor he's going to be center stage at  Shakespeare  in the park. Here in New York's Central actually perform in the productions of  Shakespeare 's the winter's tale and merchandise ", "Ferguson everybody in America -- every start he's taken a stab. I Shakespeare . Which I know he'll be great -- -- -- terrific actor he's going to be center stage at Shakespeare in the park. Here in New York's Central Park this summer. He's playing Romeo in the comedy of errors he actually perform in the productions of Shakespeare's the winter's tale and merchandise that is back in 2010. How many terrorists kicks off may twenty -- We haven't -- Regulations ", "join me today for a varies special presentation.  William Shakespeare  is well known as an English dramatist whose works well as patrons of the theater. them. Is  William Shakespeare 's Hamlet act two scene two. Lying on an on my arms ", "so pleased to could join me today for a varies special presentation. William Shakespeare is well known as an English dramatist whose works have inspired many throughout the ages. He is sixteen no one of the drama Hamlet. Is especially favored by actors -- as well as patrons of the theater. -- them. Is William Shakespeare's Hamlet act two scene two. Lying on an -- on my arms deal out. My excellent good friends out does -- -- ", 'a parking lot in england? The 528-year-old bones of one of its most powerful and per veers kings ever. Weir told by  shakespeare  that richard iii had a curved spine and a wicked heart. A ruthless fighter killed in battle. A horse! My kingdom for a ', 'of its most powerful and per veers kings ever. Weir told by shakespeare that richard iii had a curved spine and a wicked heart. A ruthless fighter killed in battle. A horse! My kingdom for ', "found under a parking lot is England. The 528. Year old bones of for the most powerful and kings ever. We're told by  Shakespeare  that Richard the third had occurred spy and on a ruthless fighters killed in battle. Well take a look at that skeleton they ", "of for the most powerful and -- kings ever. We're told by Shakespeare that Richard the third had occurred spy and on -- -- -- a ruthless fighters killed in battle. Well take a look "]