['Parrish says he has indeed tried pot. But it was only after his stint in the lead role of the Broadway musical " Spring Awakening " ended, leaving him in what he calls a "very dark place" in his life. He told the New York Post , "I have smoked ', 'define my movies, my movies will define my name." His next project is adapting the Tony-award winning musical " Spring Awakening " into a movie, which he hopes will rival "Splendor in the Grass," "Love Story" and "West Side Story." While ', "Weeds to the sexual anxiety of  Spring Awakening . Hunter Parrish, who portrays Broadway's Tony-winning  Spring Awakening  on Aug. 18. Parrish will take making his Broadway debut in  Spring Awakening . For tickets, call Telecharge ", 'ways, taught me what it means to write a really great lyric," says Sheik, whose next musical theater project,  Spring Awakening , is expected to open during the fall of 2002. "He\'s someone who sits around and reads T.S. Eliot and Chekov ', 'ways, taught me what it means to write a really great lyric," says Sheik, whose next musical theater project,  Spring Awakening , is expected to open during the fall of 2002. "He\'s someone who sits around and reads T.S. Eliot and Chekov ', 'ways, taught me what it means to write a really great lyric," says Sheik, whose next musical theater project,  Spring Awakening , is expected to open during the fall of 2002. "He\'s someone who sits around and reads T.S. Eliot and Chekov ', 'ways, taught me what it means to write a really great lyric," says Sheik, whose next musical theater project,  Spring Awakening , is expected to open during the fall of 2002. "He\'s someone who sits around and reads T.S. Eliot and Chekov ', 'ways, taught me what it means to write a really great lyric," says Sheik, whose next musical theater project,  Spring Awakening , is expected to open during the fall of 2002. "He\'s someone who sits around and reads T.S. Eliot and Chekov ', 'ways, taught me what it means to write a really great lyric," says Sheik, whose next musical theater project,  Spring Awakening , is expected to open during the fall of 2002. "He\'s someone who sits around and reads T.S. Eliot and Chekov ', 'ways, taught me what it means to write a really great lyric," says Sheik, whose next musical theater project,  Spring Awakening , is expected to open during the fall of 2002. "He\'s someone who sits around and reads T.S. Eliot and Chekov ', "of course talking about hot  spring awakening . And we are so happy to be people who haven't yet seen  spring awakening  tell wraps up. The show focuses family. And. And it Vista  spring awakening  He doesn't think Carl and ", "plot and its catchy songs we're of course talking about -- hot spring awakening . And we are so happy to be joined by its start Blake -- -- stars in the show Blake thanks so much for joining thank you. All right so for the people who haven't yet seen spring awakening tell -- -- -- -- wraps up. The show focuses on teenagers in 1890s. -- sexually repressed Germany and attracts. Their journey ", "is working in such a small intimate family. And. And it Vista spring awakening He doesn't think Carl and they usually successful -- allows you. Speaking of phenomenon -- yeah laughs yes we don't pretty well ", "area we're -- -- next well I'm pretty content right now -- spring awakening . And because there's the writers' strike happening in the film and TV wrote hopefully it's gonna come to an end soon I'll see -- -- and reading scripts and figuring things out. All right -- blankets and Ben and Jerry's has great work things eventually run as an unpleasant. Like that's but of course you can check out spring awakening on Broadway at right now and that is of about that we have seen today that make sure to check -- -- ", "Spring awakening  over here. It. Very talented cast get this right am right with eight Tonys. In 2007 number's always confused me. Hunter Parrish ", "Spring awakening over here. It. Very talented cast -- get this right am -- right with eight Tonys. In 2007 -- number's always confused ", 'Jason Braveheart a former marine who is trying to motivate new generation of entrepreneurs. This generational.  Spring awakening  about to take place Crazy Horse and Sitting Bull you know when He fought for us kids to me. Tooth and nail to preserve ', 'marine who is trying to motivate new generation of entrepreneurs. This generational. Spring awakening about to take place Crazy Horse and Sitting Bull you know when He fought for us kids to me. -- Tooth and ', "traditional. Actor cracked I mean in  spring awakening  fantastic reviews there so is avenue rock musical. We'll  spring awakening  was was was a rock musical as Day. And I learned a lot from  spring awakening  but this has been this really ", "you are the sort of traditional. Actor cracked I mean -- in spring awakening fantastic reviews there -- so is this your first foray into avenue rock musical. We'll spring awakening was was was a rock musical as well not as loud or abrasive as in the punk rock music and Green Day. And I learned a lot from spring awakening but this has been this really has been like starting from scratch I've never done any project quite like this I really ", 'the little debate there was about whether to spend money on electric fence practice yes but the right. She had her  spring awakening  and she was trying to get loose as apple trees. You know where where small farm small business and every penny counts ', 'on electric fence practice yes but the -- right. She had her spring awakening and she was trying to get loose as -- -- apple trees. You know where where small farm -- -- small business ', '2007. A lot of people are saying that Matthew Morrison in the Michelle actually have a romance fiction story of  spring awakening . They met backstage at the Tony Awards sparks flew a little bit of the And who would have thought but a couple of ', 'Morrison in the -- Michelle actually have a romance fiction story of spring awakening . They met backstage at the Tony Awards sparks flew -- a little bit of the -- And who would have thought but ']