['devastating debut, "Fruitvale Station"; Richard Linklater\'s serial romance "Before Midnight"; an acclaimed rendition of  Shakespeare  from Joss Whedon ("Much Ado About Nothing"); and possibly the best Woody Allen film in a decade ("Blue Jasmine ', 'devastating debut, "Fruitvale Station"; Richard Linklater\'s serial romance "Before Midnight"; an acclaimed rendition of  Shakespeare  from Joss Whedon ("Much Ado About Nothing"); and possibly the best Woody Allen film in a decade ("Blue Jasmine ', 'plant produces oxygen." A: carbon dioxide Q: "1982 Woody Allen movie whose title suggests he had a little help from  Shakespeare " CORDRAY: "What is A Midsummer Night\'s Dream?" SUSAN: "What is A Midsummer Night\'s Comedy?" A: A Midsummer ', 'Affliction" by Laurell K. Hamilton (Berkley) 13. "The Light in the Ruins" by Chris Bohjalian (Doubleday) 14. " William Shakespeare \'s Star Wars" by Ian Doescher (Quirk) 15. "Big Girl Panties" by Stephanie Evanovich (William Morrow) HARDCOVER ', 'underground filmmakers. The result is a darkly comic, stylish literary thriller peppered with references to literature ( Shakespeare , Proust, Kafka) and classic movies ("Vertigo," \'\'The Wild Bunch," \'\'They Live by Night"). This description ', 'thou a tragedy or a jest? That is the question that hung before Members of Congress and journalists who participated in the  Shakespeare  Theatre Company\'s annual " Will on the Hill " play that benefits arts programs for low-income students. Before donning ', 'enterprise offering good ideas for everyday life" -- which led to his monthlong installation and workshops. His book on  Shakespeare \'s "Hamlet," who contemplates killing himself in the opening scene, was about to be published and so began Critchley\'s ', 'you slam your computer screen down and give me the doo-doo face, hear me out. Here are 7 reasons not to hate Goopy.  Shakespeare  in Love , 1998 Let\'s not be too quick to forget old "shake-a-spear in love" . This movie, and Ever After , were ', 'pay tribute to the writer Miguel de Cervantes, who died on April 22, 1616 (397 years ago!) Fun fact: Since  William Shakespeare  died a day later that same year, April 23 has been designated as World Book Day. Few Latinos, however, know ', 'party and have fun with my life." Another account, @DzhokarTsarnaev, elected to take a high-brow approach, quoting  Shakespeare  in its bio ("The fault, dear Brutus, is not in our stars, but in ourselves."). Some of these accounts have chosen ', 'she said. Paltrow has starred in several movies, including "The Talented Mr. Ripley," "Contagion" and the "Iron Man" film franchise. She won the Academy Award in 1998 for best actress for her role in " Shakespeare  in Love."', 'FILIBUSTERING: During the course of the nearly 13 hour marathon on the Senate floor, Sen. Ted Cruz, R-Tex. quoted  Shakespeare \'s "Henry V," Ronald Reagan and George C. Scott in the movie "Patton." On the other hand, Sen. Marco Rubio quoted ', "the remains of shakes his first major theater which was in it's. The coast of Pierce's thought weather premieres of  Shakespeare 's Henry the fifth on drug and systems. It's Olympic like his old self by candidates who plays I think performed at least ", "in -- it's. The coast of Pierce's thought -- weather premieres of Shakespeare's Henry the fifth on drug and -- -- systems. It's Olympic like his old self by candidates who plays I think -- ", "Grave of  William Shakespeare  in Stratford on is due for may go over as the church where He is hoping just to make that most sensible many thoughtful and. But  Shakespeare 's final written on the grave provides an ominous warning. It ", "hoping just to make -- that most sensible many thoughtful and. But Shakespeare's final -- -- written on the grave provides an ominous warning. It might have been -- rotate but it's a clear warning ", "Archaeologists in London may have unearthed a very literary finding the theater where  William Shakespeare 's the merchant of Venice and Romeo and Juliette likely debuted. Has been discovered in East London. The simply called the was ", "London may have unearthed a very literary finding the theater where William Shakespeare's the merchant of Venice and Romeo and Juliette likely debuted. Has been discovered in East London. The -- simply called the -- ", "What's in name. That which we call a rose by any other name would smell as sweet  Shakespeare . Being Juliette saying simply names don't matter and less of course that name. Is preceded by your majesty. Royal expert Victoria ", "we call a rose by any other name would smell as sweet Shakespeare . Being Juliette saying simply names don't matter and less of course that name. Is preceded by your majesty. Royal expert Victoria arbiter ", 'ashamed of it. I\'m preashamed. Get ahead of the curve with that. As we said you are so busy.  Shakespeare  in the park. I\'m doing  shakespeare  in the park with public theater I\'m doing "the comedy of ear ors" which is a dream role of mine ', 'of the curve with that. As we said you are so busy. Shakespeare in the park. I\'m doing shakespeare in the park with public theater I\'m doing "the comedy of ear ors" which is a dream role of mine. So excited ', "simple question. We're all of those works really written by  Shakespeare  here's ABC's bill Blakemore.  Shakespeare  never rooms single In the new film anonymous  Shakespeare  is an illiterate country bumpkin who's paid to pretend he the ", "asks the simple question. We're all of those works really written by Shakespeare here's ABC's bill Blakemore. -- -- -- -- Shakespeare never rooms single -- In the new film anonymous Shakespeare is an illiterate country bumpkin who's paid to pretend he -- the place. I'm pivotal role -- By the real author aristocrats -- severe federal law to -- something to say otherwise they make shoes professionals Shakespeare's . Are not immune to this not a round of evidence -- -- -- a single document. And has ever been found linking it would appear that he ought to ship any Shakespeare play or any Shakespeare -- Period for starters say scholars did -- died in 1604 before many Shakespeare plays including the best would have to. The film's director Roland Emmerich who doesn't see it that way I'm very 100% sure about that -- Shakespeare also fraught. -- -- some distinguished company. Famous people -- said Shakespeare was a fraud include Mark Twain Sigmund Freud and three Supreme Court justices. But they were not scholars who've spent a lifetime ", 'day after tomorrow. Does his new film also presented disaster. Only say Shakespeare -- if you value the true. Bill Blakemore ABC news New York. ', 'the hunchback king known for his cruelty the last English monarch to die in battle he was depicted in a play by  William Shakespeare . As a brute who left a trail of bodies including those of his two nephews on his way to the throne.', 'monarch to die in battle he was depicted in a play by William Shakespeare . As a brute who left a trail of bodies including those of his two nephews on his way to the throne. ']