['autism-friendly" performance of Broadway hit " Spider - Man :  Turn Off the Dark " is set for April and tickets go on sale today production with those affected by autism," " Spider - Man " producers Michael Cohl and Jeremiah Harris said ', 'great idea,\' and I got a great idea:  Julie Taymor ," he said. At the time, Taymor was wildly expensive musical, "Spiderman:  Turn Off the Dark ," an almost nine-year undertaking Taymor\'s famous partners, U2\'s  Bono  and Slash, accused her of being too ', 'Obama and daughters Sasha and Malia attend \' Spider - Man :  Turn Off the Dark \' at Foxwoods Theatre " The First Lady and her daughters hit Broadway Sunday to watch " Spider - Man :  Turn Off the Dark " - and for a moment it looked like the women ', 'Sven Ortel, "Newsies" George Tsypin, " Spider - Man Turn Off The Dark " Costume design of a play William Ivey Long Gershwins\' Porgy and Bess" Eiko Ishioka, " Spider - Man Turn Off The Dark " Martin Pakledinaz, "Nice Work If You Can ', "was not when Yankees star Derek Jeter went for his 3,000th career hit or opening night of Broadway's  Spider - Man :  Turn Off the Dark . Instead, it was the Alexander McQueen: Savage Beauty exhibit at the Metropolitan Museum of Art, where ", '" Spider - Man :  Turn Off the Dark ," the Broadway rock over $70 million, " Spider - Man " has hosted a record performances since November.  Bono  and The Edge sat down of former director  Julie Taymor . Taymor left the show ', 'performance? Even  Bono , who with score for " SPIDER - MAN Turn Off the Dark ," admitted Spiderman:  Turn Off the Dark " seem doomed director  Julie Taymor  acknowledged double for  Spider - man , was seriously performance. " Spider - Man  was about director,  Julie Taymor . 8. In ', "Injured 'Spider-Man' Actor Chris Tierney Says He Knew He Wanted to Come Back to the Show Despite Horrific Fall", 'U2\'s  Bono  and The Edge that turns " Spider - Man " actor Norman featured in " Spider - Man :  Turn Off the Dark " on " Nightline problems. " Spider - Man " has had director  Julie Taymor  left,  Bono Times,"  Bono  told "Nightline Edge Praise  Julie Taymor \'s Work backstage at " Spider - Man :  Turn Off the Dark ." Photo ', "'Spider-Man: Turn Off the Dark' : U2's Bono  Says He Agreed With Bad Reviews, But the Troubled Musical Has Revived", 'night. "  Spider - Man :  Turn Off the Dark  " had a musical by U2\'s  Bono  and The Edge problems. " Spider - Man " has had that turns " Spider - Man " actor Norman director  Julie Taymor  left,  Bono featured in " Spider - Man :  Turn Off the Dark " on " Nightline ', 'expensive musical in Broadway history, " Spider - Man :  Turn Off the Dark ," and perhaps the most criticized had the opportunity to talk to U2\'s  Bono  and the Edge who wrote the score previews last November and director  Julie Taymor , the show\'s creative mastermind ', 'musical " Spider - Man :  Turn Off the Dark ," which management of  Spider - Man  and the Department snapped. " Spider - Man  was about which teams  Bono  and The Edge director  Julie Taymor . Producers doubles as  Spider - Man  in the show for the " Spider - Man "  musical  told the ', 'happening on stage, too. Three actors have been injured in the Broadway version of the " Spider - Man " movie franchise, "  Spider - Man :  Turn Off the Dark  ." The show, which at $65 million is the most expensive in Broadway history, hasn\'t ', "Troubleshooting Broadway's 'Spider-Man:' Pop Culturist Says More Work Needed, but Show Has Potential", 'glitches. The $65 million Broadway show, " Spider - Man :  Turn Off the Dark " was castigated by bloggers and reviewers after to work on the story," he said. Levin saw " Spider - Man " this week in its second night of previews ', "numbers. Finally opened tonight  Spider - Man turn off the dark  man it's his stick to a six There's good news bad. It  Spider - Man  is ultimately get disappointment what makes this especially.  Spider - Man  is suspected but true. Why ", "gave new meaning to the phrase show stopping numbers. Finally opened tonight Spider - Man turn off the dark man it's his stick to a six scheduled opening date. The seventy million dollar production was -- top to bottom including the ", "most talked about musical  Spider - Man turn off the dark . She's also appearing on let's start with.  Spider - Man  you were originally cast and the musical course is  Spider - Man turn off the dark . That's all of we have ", "year not only she's starring in the year's most talked about musical Spider - Man turn off the dark . She's also appearing in the new film limitless and she's here with us today I'm buzz my teammate Rick -- they have nothing to -- and I love -- So congratulations on -- -- got going on let's start with. Spider - Man you were originally cast in a different -- tracks yes how -- this all come about who well I think like his have been involved. -- -- Spider - Man turn off the -- since its first workshop with actors in 2007. So in that period of time from 2007 -- now ", "take care of myself and then work and what's your favorite song. Turn off the dark traffic acting it's really really beautiful -- -- -- -- where I come to Peter and his dream. And we have so the stands in the aaron's aerial dance is really. And -- real and beautiful fantastic what we do hope that it opens march this. Hot pink car that get a chance to see it's very very thank you we hope you come I indictment how he's come visit us backstage when you I would love -- -- -- -- up on that Isaiah gave so much 88 great talking to -- and the movie is limitless and the musical course is Spider - Man turn off the dark . That's all of -- we have created anti near -- in New York thanks for watching. ", "on Broadway. It's called  Spider - Man turn off the dark  and bringing some serious megawatt Whose idea was it to make  Spider - Man  into a musical. This visionary back here. To the states and  Spider - Man  comes to brought back it's ", "for one of the most talked about shows on Broadway. It's called Spider - Man turn off the dark and -- bringing some serious megawatt talent. To the great white way with Tony award winning director -- Kmart is here now. ", 'U2\'s  Bono  says "we don\'t disagree" with the reviews and "we have a lot to learn"', "musical and I'm talking about  Spider - Man turn off the dark  starring Reeve Carney. Now and in song. In Spiderman.  Turn off the dark . Reeve welcome to the show start and a question about  Spider - Man  to say that you know after ", "made its way to Broadway as a musical and I'm talking about Spider - Man turn off the dark starring Reeve Carney. Now you've heard every story in the world about the accident that the felt this production but Reeve Carney will be here in just a minute. And tell us what really happened. But first let's take a look at Reeve Carney in action and in song. In Spiderman. Turn off the dark . Reeve ", 'great idea.  Julie taymor . Reporter: At the time,  julie taymor  was a little-known Reporter: And  julie taymor  is no stranger musical. " Spider - man :  Turn off the dark ." But it partners, u2\'s  bono  and the edge ', 'like that. Not like that? No. Ever. In any place. Reporter: And julie taymor is no stranger to magical moments. In 1998, "lion king" earned six tony awards. Julie became the first woman ever to win best director. She went on to direct movies, including "frida." And then, another musical. " Spider - man : Turn off the dark ." But it was riddled with stage accidents, money issues. Julie was pushed out of the production before opening night. She\'s not talked on camera about the experience until now. You can\'t blame me. You don\'t create a musical with one person or two. Reporter: Her famous partners, u2\'s bono and the edge, accused her of being too close to the project to see its major flaws. Would you agree with that ', 'what\'s out here with me. Reed carney is here. " Spider - man :  Turn off the dark ," and the star who plays the web slinger, also Gang, this is your moment. Let\'s unmask the  spider - man . This is a team. Incredible group of guys ', 'until you see what\'s out here with me. Reed carney is here. " Spider - man : Turn off the dark ," and the star who plays the web slinger, also swinging into times square, with a project to raise some money. It\'s a ']