["most talked about musical  Spider - Man turn off the dark . She's also appearing on let's start with.  Spider - Man  you were originally cast and the musical course is  Spider - Man turn off the dark . That's all of we have ", "year not only she's starring in the year's most talked about musical Spider - Man turn off the dark . She's also appearing in the new film limitless and she's here with us today I'm buzz my teammate Rick -- they have nothing to -- and I love -- So congratulations on -- -- got going on let's start with. Spider - Man you were originally cast in a different -- tracks yes how -- this all come about who well I think like his have been involved. -- -- Spider - Man turn off the -- since its first workshop with actors in 2007. So in that period of time from 2007 -- now ", "take care of myself and then work and what's your favorite song. Turn off the dark traffic acting it's really really beautiful -- -- -- -- where I come to Peter and his dream. And we have so the stands in the aaron's aerial dance is really. And -- real and beautiful fantastic what we do hope that it opens march this. Hot pink car that get a chance to see it's very very thank you we hope you come I indictment how he's come visit us backstage when you I would love -- -- -- -- up on that Isaiah gave so much 88 great talking to -- and the movie is limitless and the musical course is Spider - Man turn off the dark . That's all of -- we have created anti near -- in New York thanks for watching. ", "on Broadway. It's called  Spider - Man turn off the dark  and bringing some serious megawatt Whose idea was it to make  Spider - Man  into a musical. This visionary back here. To the states and  Spider - Man  comes to brought back it's ", "for one of the most talked about shows on Broadway. It's called Spider - Man turn off the dark and -- bringing some serious megawatt talent. To the great white way with Tony award winning director -- Kmart is here now. ", 'U2\'s  Bono  says "we don\'t disagree" with the reviews and "we have a lot to learn"', "musical and I'm talking about  Spider - Man turn off the dark  starring Reeve Carney. Now and in song. In Spiderman.  Turn off the dark . Reeve welcome to the show start and a question about  Spider - Man  to say that you know after ", "made its way to Broadway as a musical and I'm talking about Spider - Man turn off the dark starring Reeve Carney. Now you've heard every story in the world about the accident that the felt this production but Reeve Carney will be here in just a minute. And tell us what really happened. But first let's take a look at Reeve Carney in action and in song. In Spiderman. Turn off the dark . Reeve ", 'great idea.  Julie taymor . Reporter: At the time,  julie taymor  was a little-known Reporter: And  julie taymor  is no stranger musical. " Spider - man :  Turn off the dark ." But it partners, u2\'s  bono  and the edge ', 'like that. Not like that? No. Ever. In any place. Reporter: And julie taymor is no stranger to magical moments. In 1998, "lion king" earned six tony awards. Julie became the first woman ever to win best director. She went on to direct movies, including "frida." And then, another musical. " Spider - man : Turn off the dark ." But it was riddled with stage accidents, money issues. Julie was pushed out of the production before opening night. She\'s not talked on camera about the experience until now. You can\'t blame me. You don\'t create a musical with one person or two. Reporter: Her famous partners, u2\'s bono and the edge, accused her of being too close to the project to see its major flaws. Would you agree with that ', 'what\'s out here with me. Reed carney is here. " Spider - man :  Turn off the dark ," and the star who plays the web slinger, also Gang, this is your moment. Let\'s unmask the  spider - man . This is a team. Incredible group of guys ', 'until you see what\'s out here with me. Reed carney is here. " Spider - man : Turn off the dark ," and the star who plays the web slinger, also swinging into times square, with a project to raise some money. It\'s a ', 'musical version of  Spider - Man  previewed on Broadway like these that make  Spider - Man  one of the most anticipated one of those flying  Spider - Man . Wow As early as original version of  Spider - Man turn off the dark  chooses kind of artist ', '-- -- -- who co wrote and directed the original version of Spider - Man turn off the dark chooses kind of artist. Really -- very -- ago so what went wrong I mean everyone -- understand what went wrong. -- ', "Now let's turn to  Spider - Man . On Broadway no controversy as a musical  Spider - Man turn off the dark . But now that show's Broadway had ever seen  Spider - Man . Four by the edge got to stop. Last  Spider - Man . Producers closed ", "Now let's turn to Spider - Man . On Broadway no show on in histories had so many accidents cost so much money sparked as much controversy as a musical Spider - Man turn off the dark . But now that show's been retooled and Nightline anchor Cynthia McFadden got an exclusive first look backstage. At the revamped 74 million ", 'Broadway musical ever created  Spider - Man turn off the dark  has been. Played with a string for the Broadway sensation  Spider - Man . With word now that one of concussion during a showing of  Spider - Man  last month when she was struck ', 'new setback this morning for the most expensive Broadway musical ever created Spider - Man turn off the dark has been. Played with a string of injuries and delays now one of the lead actresses who suffered a concussion on stage is leaving the show. Rob Nelson -- all the details. The way above problems continues to get even bigger for the Broadway sensation Spider - Man . With word now that one of the lead actresses. Is making an early exit Natalie Mendoza who plays a -- -- a ', "most expensive Broadway musical in history.  Spider - Man turn off the dark  has already been plagued with several delays six. The show's producers announced that  Spider - Man turn off the dark . We'll get a may go over that will include ", 'over tonight for the troubled and most expensive Broadway musical in history. Spider - Man turn off the dark has already been plagued with several delays injuries and horrible reviews. But now new creative team has been put in -- but. ', "summer. There's been another delay the six. The show's producers announced that Spider - Man turn off the dark . We'll get a may go over that will include script revisions. But perhaps the biggest change co writer and director -- -- ", 'expensive Broadway musical ever. A stuntman in  Spider - Man turn off the dark  Phillips thirty feet during a preview performance But this was not the curtain call the of  Spider - Man turn off the dark  wanted to hear. Back. Shaken audience members ', 'another accident for the most expensive Broadway musical ever. A stuntman in Spider - Man turn off the dark Phillips thirty feet during a preview performance last night rob Nelson has more. But this was not the curtain call the -- of Spider - Man turn off the dark wanted to hear. Back. Shaken audience members -- for a 31 year old sleazy stunt -- as paramedics loaded him into an ', "bottle in the 65 million dollars to put on stage  Spider - Man turn off the dark  is broadway's most expensive musical of all time heavy production. Last week Natalie Mendoza left  Spider - Man  after concussion. And two other suffered broken ", "bottle in the -- -- 65 million dollars to put on stage Spider - Man turn off the dark is broadway's most expensive musical of all time. The with a tangled web of accidents and injuries making headlines week after week. ", "The superhero to Broadway Show  Spider - Man . May need to be rescued from itself. producers canceled beginnings reports. Another cancellation for broadway's  Spider - Man . That makes to one day for broadway's most ambitious ", "The superhero -- to Broadway Show Spider - Man . May need to be rescued from itself. -- -- producers canceled another sold out performance -- the 65 million dollar show. Tangled in a web of controversy that He ABC's -- beginnings reports. Another cancellation for broadway's Spider - Man . That makes to -- one day for broadway's most ambitious and expensive production ever. Segments of the show are now being retooled ", "ninety days to implement that policy. And it's latest pick up for broadway's most expensive show ever  Spider - Man turn off the dark  and goes dark today. The troubled Broadway Show is on a three week hiatus so the cast and crew can learn ", "And it's -- latest pick up for broadway's most expensive show ever Spider - Man turn off the dark and goes dark today. The troubled Broadway Show is on a three week hiatus so the cast and crew can learn new ", 'Cynthia McFadden reports: Preview of the stunts from the buzzed-about Broadway show.', "night on Nightline. We go behind the scenes of  Spider - Man turn off the dark  most expensive musical in Broadway history Nightline air and she speaks exclusively. With U two's  Bono . And the edge for the first time since the show ", "Tomorrow night on Nightline. We go behind the scenes of Spider - Man turn off the dark most expensive musical in Broadway history -- Nightline co anchor. Cynthia McFadden meets the high flying actor who's forty mile an hour accident almost brought this show down. Four months after a death defying drop he's back in the air and she speaks exclusively. With U two's Bono . And the edge for the first time since the show opened in pre -- So I've never read quite so horrible -- ", "we've got a lot of familiar names you've got to  Spider - Man musical  if it ever actually I know cities officially. I'm and so. If it's got a built in audience it's a  Spider - Man  it's a familiar name. On people are more likely ", "and so. If it's got a built in audience -- it's a Spider - Man it's a familiar name. On people are more likely to see it -- -- musicals is get us that there is one "]