["BOX OFFICE HIT OVERSEAS  Trey Parker  and  Matt Stone  Image credit: Joel Ryan/Invision/AP ' The Book of Mormon ' ranked in the highest opened. The first night  The  ' Book of Mormon ' opened on  Broadway  in the U.S. it sold ", 'morningmoneyben : 1600Penn looks pretty darn funny.  Josh Gad  is awesome. Totally blew me away as Elder Cunningham in  Book of Mormon . @jimgeraghty : Might be shorter to list the Lowcountry ', 'ran a cover last June depicting presidential hopeful Mitt Romney as one of the stars in the controversial  Broadway  show, " The Book of Mormon " and another cover last August with Michele Bachmann captured with - what some saw - as a deer-in-headlights ', 'Electronica Album: "Scary Monsters and Nice Sprites," Skrillex Musical Theater Album: " The Book of Mormon ,"  Robert Lopez ,  Trey Parker  &  Matt Stone  World Music Album: "Tassili," Tinariwen Latin Pop Rock, Rock or Urban Album: "Drama ', "Virginia School District Deletes Sherlock Holmes Novel From 6th Grade for 'Anti-Mormon' Portrayal", 'prominent positions in the church.  Broadway  is home to the Tony Award-winning " Book of Mormon ," a musical that takes a satirical I think what\'s happened with  the  \' Book of Mormon \' and the presidential campaigns ', 'cover a play on " The Book of Mormon ," currently one of the hottest musicals on  Broadway . The critically acclaimed musical, created by  Trey Parker  and  Matt Stone , of the raunchy including this year\'s  best musical . The play is just ', '" The Book of Mormon ," an edgy controversial  Broadway  musical written including  Best Musical , ticket producers  Matt Stone  and  Trey Parker  in March in their  Broadway  debut Let\'s do a  Broadway  show vision for  the  \' Book of Mormon \' HERE .', 'Although the  Broadway  musical, "  The Book of Mormon  ," is edgy and controversial, its creators,  Matt Stone  and  Trey Parker  , insisted that Mormons of faith into their  Broadway  debut with " The Book of Mormon ," which has already ', 'South Park Creators Invade Broadway , Promise Free Tix to "The Book of Mormon " to Huntsman and Romney', 'As a change of pace, I interviewed  Matt Stone  and  Trey Parker , the creators of South Park, about their new  Broadway  Show " The Book of Mormon ." Here\'s a Nightline spot from the last time I spoke with them, in 2006! - Jake Tapper', "most. Is on  Broadway  it's a  Broadway  musical called  the book of Mormon . Which sounds co created by  Trey Parker  and  Matt Stone  the guys who you here with  the book of Mormon  I don't understand this time with  broadway 's where people ", "right now the thing that's really getting me the most. Is on Broadway it's a Broadway musical called the book of Mormon Which sounds kind of religious and and kind of straight laced and it's not and why is it not. Because it's created co created by Trey Parker and Matt Stone the guys who gave these South Park the guys who gave -- team America. The guys who have given you the most ", "and Nicki James  broadway 's latest hit Tony nominations  the book of Mormon . Welcome Nikki chance to see after  the book of Mormon . The comedy following better up. Well.  Trey Parker  and Matt aren't compared. Other  Broadway  musicals. Lincoln ", "happy to have one of the nominated actresses and Nicki James -- broadway's latest hit that's leading the pack with fourteen Tony nominations the book of Mormon . Welcome Nikki thanks for being here I so congratulations. On your nomination very exciting -- -- I had not Napster but it ", "-- just talking out of haven't had a chance to see after the book of Mormon . The comedy following two missionaries were sent to you gone to -- to try to convert the locals. Tell us where your ", "their musical  the book of Mormon . To  Broadway  so what audiences so on old  Broadway . For fifteen years  Trey Parker Matt Stone  and the kids Next week of  the book of Mormon  opens poking Mean. But  the book of Mormon  brings a let's do a  Broadway  Show. That ", "your hands right now the creators of South Park brought their musical the book of Mormon To Broadway so what audiences expect with Jake Tapper is back -- big South Park and -- behind the scenes what you think. Well the creators of South Park have gone from skewering religion politics and culture on Comedy Central. To now doing so on old Broadway For fifteen years Trey Parker Matt Stone and the -- kids from South Park Colorado have been amusing and defending America. -- people are evil. Evil right down to their coal black car for seven of those years the two have been working on a show that will take their skewed views to a different audience fans of musical theater. Next week of the book of Mormon opens poking fun at the church of Jesus Christ of latter day saints. -- should -- South Park has. Made fun of every religion wind -- go after mormons we grew up in Colorado so mormonism and mormons -- that you -- right next door so there's just a lot of cross over there and and we both knew a lot of mormons growing up. And it just it's always fascinated us but you know we -- Mormon -- them in the book of Mormon to just talk about religion in general because of course -- any. Anybody's religion to an outsider it's justice who we don't ", "of pending  Broadway  production Park guys  Matt Stone  and  Trey Parker . I'm Robert premier.  The book of Mormon  people I them. In  the book of Mormon  to just talk try to do a  Broadway  Show right quiet and  the book of Mormon  is very much ", "seriously funny. But there they were last -- this South Park guys Matt Stone and Trey Parker . I'm Robert -- a lot more on the movie permanent. With the premier. The book of Mormon people I think at the -- president -- -- stuck to his people off or do we actually just wanna make people ", "it's just goofy. But you know we -- Mormon -- them. In the book of Mormon to just talk about religion in general because of course -- any. Anybody's religion to an outsider it's justice who we don't ", 'Deprecating and George Bush yes orderly and toy that -- quiet and the book of Mormon is very much in that vein. Getting away with what they can get away with without having to worry about getting blown ', 'be. Now  Trey Parker  and  Matt bloom on  Broadway . In the Park guys  Matt Stone  and  Trey Parker  Robert commands premiere of  the book of Mormon  people I Mormon them in  the book of Mormon  to just talk certified  Broadway  their hits ', "-- duo behind south park at least they used to be. Now Trey Parker and Matt Stone somehow managed to turn a musical send up of Mormon is a mobile things into one of the biggest hits the bloom on Broadway In the last decade here's ABC's Jake Tapper for our series it was a good year old. Didn't they were the South Park guys Matt Stone and Trey Parker Robert commands a lot more fun movie from. At the march premiere of the book of Mormon people I think at the -- president. That the best people or to -- that we actually does one make people laugh it's safe to say they succeeded. The book of Mormon is a bona fide hit with rave reviews a Grammy nomination. And a whopping nine Tony -- -- show his signature stone ", "quote directly with  Trey Parker  and choreographed show a very traditional  Broadway  musical so we're Who've how they show on  Broadway  and well it's it's elected. Thanks And  the book of Mormon  is on  Broadway  right now at the Eugene ", "The cream of the South Park have brought their whole ready to Broadway in their new hit the book of Mormon it is -- musical comedy that centers around two. Quite opposite men of Mormon faith you are paired up at her missionary work. And we're so happy to have these two lead actors from the play with us today Josh -- and Andrew Reynolds -- so much you got me here today answer. And congratulations on being the biggest hit on Broadway and you can't get this thing has -- it. Now it's sing prison on senior we we get like any blisters colonists ", "reading the script and being like. Who've how -- they show on Broadway and -- -- well it's it's brought it has been amazing to see so many people. So many varieties and -- kids when -- 95 year old you don't come to show -- -- -- embrace its. Anthony -- elected. Thanks -- And the book of Mormon is on Broadway right now at the Eugene O'Neill theater out all the buzz happy today I'm -- right now in New York bank. ", "Here on  Broadway  in the Big right now  the book of Mormon  it's let's stone and  Trey Parker  the creators musical on  Broadway . Right it coming up right  Broadway  loves musicals aside from  the book of Mormon  we've got ", "Here on Broadway in the Big Apple but does is on the great white way Entertainment Weekly has the early look at the new shows worth checking out. Tom Dyer is here to steer us in the right direction Tom thank you so much for being here today a -- so. The show everyone is talking about right now the book of Mormon it's let's be outrageous original funny you've seen gaps and expand as it that's fantastic -- everyone that. It is a fantastic show is an original musical it's not based on and movie or anything else -- -- -- -- heard. And yet it is as people rolling in the aisles so it's funny. It is funny it is not a show for little kids because it comes from -- stone and Trey Parker the creators of South Park. And so imagine. The South Park musical on Broadway . Right it is outrageously funny and you're smart I would imagine that that that's very smart it's. You know it is about ", "now it's in the parent. The musical coming up right -- -- Broadway loves musicals. But give us some of the -- It's an interesting season aside from the book of Mormon we've got a lot of familiar names you've got to Spider-Man musical if it ever actually I know cities officially. I'm in "]