['designed a tail and made a video of her mermaid moves, which became an overnight sensation. "I remember watching \' The Little Mermaid \' and I\'d go out to the pool, I\'d jump in and I\'d immediately start thinking of the songs and Prince Eric ', 'The Little Mermaid  is going to be part of the "Once Upon a Time" world. The revelation that Ariel is swimming around Storybrooke was teased in ', 'The Little Mermaid  is going to be part of the "Once Upon a Time" world. The revelation that Ariel is swimming around Storybrooke was teased in ', 'camera, which was still in working order. While the camera was still recording, it bumped around a coral reef - even capturing a few fish - before coming to rest on the ocean floor. Unfortunately, there was no sign of  the Little Mermaid .', 'One man\'s recent plan to pop the question took an adventurous lesson from " The Little Mermaid ," after he decided to go under the sea. "I booked a cruise for Christmas. It was a Christmas gift for her," Joseph House ', 'into a three-parter, and you\'ve got it. Also love" The Deer Hunter," "Godfather 2," and for my girls, " The Little Mermaid " (actually that embarrasses them now). Who Would You Like To Interview? Aaron Spence: Though you\'ve interviewed ', 'town. Now Prince Eric of " The Little Mermaid " and the beast from "Beauty ride Under the Sea: Journey of  the Little Mermaid . It\'s the least grandiose most memorable moments of " The Little Mermaid ," from the almost-first ', 'ABC.WorldNews@abc.com and they could appear on World News. Discovered Hans Christian Anderson brought us " The Little Mermaid " and "The Ugly Duckling" - but it turns out that one of his first stories may be the last one the public gets ', 'Beast" -- and Price Eric of " The Little Mermaid " each have their own castles Under the Sea: Journey of  the Little Mermaid . The addition of two new castles and Under the Sea: Journey of  the Little Mermaid  are gentle experiences, appropriate ', "of the new attractions, but operating hours will be limited. New attractions include Under the Sea - Journey of  the Little Mermaid , Be Our Guest Restaurant, Enchanted Tales with Belle, and Gaston's Tavern. Reservations for Be Our Guest Restaurant ", 'the Beast on January 13, 2012; Finding Nemo on September 14, 2012; Monsters, Inc. on January 18, 2013; and  The Little Mermaid  on September 13, 2013. Disney is the parent company of ABC News.', 'launched in June 2011, is Ariel\'s Undersea Adventure. The ride takes visitors through scenes of the movie,  The Little Mermaid , animated with advanced "Animatronics" robots, and features the film\'s songs and characters. Visitors are ', 'embarrassing to funny." But Rain\'s good-sport attitude towards his dad\'s costumed antics only extends so far. " The  \' Little Mermaid \' was the lowest," Rain told "GMA." "Those [the cross-dressing costumes] are the only ones that have ever ', 'You won the juno award. You have won the american music award for best new artist. And you\'re singing on " the little mermaid " dvd. How do you process all of this? It\'s been an incredible year. I don\'t process this. I pinch myself ', 'the american music award for best new artist. And you\'re singing on " the little mermaid " dvd. How do you process all of this? It\'s been an incredible year. I don\'t process this. I pinch myself every day ', "parent company Disney's  The Little Mermaid  was a box office hit when it opened in 1989 kept that long ago grossing more than 200 million dollars worldwide. Well our health ", "-- parent company Disney's The Little Mermaid was a box office hit when it opened in 1989 kept -- that long ago grossing more than 200 million dollars worldwide. ", "An time. Right yeah. And then. I. A. But. A A. That was hit our world from opening night of  The Little Mermaid  broadway's newest musical based on the mega popular Disney filming classic fairy tale. It was star studded night hands Christian ", "A. That was hit -- -- our world from opening night of The Little Mermaid broadway's newest musical based on the mega popular Disney filming classic fairy tale. It was -- star studded night -- hands Christian ", 'I think this is actually incredibly elegant. But the argument is that she looks a little bit like ursula from " the little mermaid ." For me, wait a second. Fozzi bear, ursula, sesame street and disney. It\'s like win-win. I love the ', 'the argument is that she looks a little bit like ursula from " the little mermaid ." For me, wait a second. Fozzi bear, ursula, sesame street and disney. It\'s like win-win. I love the chances she takes, I ', 'character named nick fury after all that we highly doubt work slowdown that blockbuster at the box up. As they say in  The Little Mermaid  and Ledbetter now written letter accompanied by to build an underwater Yes will be able to sleep distance between ', 'work slowdown that blockbuster at the box up. As they say in The Little Mermaid and Ledbetter now written letter accompanied by -- -- to build an underwater -- -- Yes will be able to sleep -- ', 'also asked about his relationship with Elizabeth Edwards. young and his wife nicknamed Ursula after the C which in  The Little Mermaid . I know mrs. Edwards hated me young admitted she banned me from the house and banned me from driving mr. Edwards ', 'young and his wife nicknamed Ursula after the -- C which in The Little Mermaid . I know mrs. Edwards hated me young admitted she banned me from the house and banned me from driving mr. Edwards. The ', 'ingenious creations spending only fifteen dollars in total. Dressed as almost every character from the wizard Abbas.  The Little Mermaid . And Star Wars there was a Chiquita banana in November percent of cost in December even blushing bride in June ', 'dollars in total. Dressed as almost every character from the wizard Abbas. The Little Mermaid . And Star Wars there was a Chiquita banana in November percent of cost in December even blushing bride in June. And for ']