['Orlando Bloom, gave her final performance on Sunday. Oduye takes over when the show next resumes on Tuesday at the  Stephen Sondheim  Theatre. Oduye is best known for her acclaimed breakout role in Dee Ree\'s Sundance film, "Pariah," playing ', 'screen work with her Broadway career, appearing in classics like "Meet Me in St. Louis" in 1989 and a revival of  Stephen Sondheim \'s "Follies" in 2001, while also teaching at Workshop West, the theater she helped found in the late 1950s ', 'at the White House," Elizabeth Vargas said. " Stephen Sondheim : Finishing the Hat" "Finishing the Hat" is a collection of legendary composer-lyricist  Stephen Sondheim \'s lyrics and memories. Sondheim\'s Broadway career ', 'Stephen Sondheim  finds the music from "West Side Story 80-year-old composer-lyricist,  Stephen Sondheim . He is a true Broadway legend. Most Street in New York City became the  Stephen Sondheim  Theater, another event in his career ', 'been only too happy to desert. Madonna, "SOONER OR LATER (I ALWAYS GET MY MAN)" (1991) The words belonged to  Stephen Sondheim , but Madonna made them her own, first on film (1990\'s "Dick Tracy," directed by and starring then-squeeze ', "might have the greatest talent in the world, but it doesn't matter if you can't sell it. Am I Richard Rodgers,  Stephen Sondheim , Saul Bellow, Ernest Hemingway? No. I can't write a novel. I can't write a play. I can't write a song. But ", 'played the roles of mother and daughter in a one-night benefit concert version of "A Little Night Music," the  Stephen Sondheim -Hugh Wheeler musical, on Broadway. The two also acted alongside each other in the 1985 theatrical revival "The ', 'played the roles of mother and daughter in a one-night benefit concert version of "A Little Night Music," the  Stephen Sondheim -Hugh Wheeler musical, on Broadway. The two also acted alongside each other in the 1985 theatrical revival "The ', 'played the roles of mother and daughter in a one-night benefit concert version of "A Little Night Music," the  Stephen Sondheim -Hugh Wheeler musical, on Broadway. The two also acted alongside each other in the 1985 theatrical revival "The ', 'played the roles of mother and daughter in a one-night benefit concert version of "A Little Night Music," the  Stephen Sondheim -Hugh Wheeler musical, on Broadway. The two also acted alongside each other in the 1985 theatrical revival "The ', 'played the roles of mother and daughter in a one-night benefit concert version of "A Little Night Music," the  Stephen Sondheim -Hugh Wheeler musical, on Broadway. The two also acted alongside each other in the 1985 theatrical revival "The ', 'played the roles of mother and daughter in a one-night benefit concert version of "A Little Night Music," the  Stephen Sondheim -Hugh Wheeler musical, on Broadway. The two also acted alongside each other in the 1985 theatrical revival "The ', "the I think yeah isn't ready and when I don't know come all the chase. I want to let you know I like I'm big  Stephen Sondheim  fan I think I would do like this and an apartment George Sweeney Todd company one. Is he really are I would have ", "-- chase. I want to let you know I like I'm big Stephen Sondheim fan I think I would -- do like this and an apartment George Sweeney Todd company one. Is he really are I ", "don't just get with nothing at all and so is basically just religious and living. And I I've always thought that  Stephen Sondheim  is absolutely. I mean the most amazing. Of a handful amazing people who have written music it's since the beginning ", "is basically just religious and living. And I I've always thought that Stephen Sondheim is absolutely. I mean the most amazing. Of a handful amazing people who have written music it's since the beginning of used. ", "just this one night that the  Stephen Sondheim  theatre and march 19. And that if you get a ticket. To the  Stephen sondheim 's. This performance in March will be performed march 19 at  Stephen Sondheim  theatre. Right here in Manhattan ", "and they've created. The musical for just this one night that the Stephen Sondheim theatre and march 19. And that will be a benefit from a -- operation room. -- You can't kill. -- -- and ", "operation respect is doing so if you get a ticket. To the Stephen sondheim's . This performance in March 19. You'll be helping you will be making. That commitment to say we must help to stop the ", 'weaker people a dangerous -- will be performed march 19 at -- Stephen Sondheim theatre. Right here in Manhattan. Again thank you so much for being with -- thank you. ', 'suddenly think their fifty people that and nobody is looking at anybody else. Music wise that. The grand master  Stephen Sondheim  and James and imagined that He actually took a piece of tracing Paper number. Put it now mother question mark ', 'nobody is looking at anybody else. Music wise that. The grand master Stephen Sondheim and James and -- imagined that He actually took a piece of tracing Paper number. Put it now -- mother question mark. ', "the first Broadway revival of  Stephen sondheim 's Tony award winning master with Katherine. You've got  Stephen Sondheim  Hugh Trevor Nunn. doesn't Catherine Zeta-Jones as  Stephen Sondheim  and Angela Lansbury but gut ", "five time Tony winner Angela Lansbury. And the first Broadway revival of Stephen sondheim's Tony award winning master fees. A little night music hi there Aaron thanks so much for joining us today. So you're in that's fantastic show on Broadway classic. -- -- -- And it's an honor not only you know are we having fun working with Katherine. You've got Stephen Sondheim Hugh Trevor Nunn. -- doesn't get better than doesn't get better what is it like working with those two amazing leading -- ", 'It becomes a mean look you got Trevor Nunn. Catherine Zeta-Jones as Stephen Sondheim and Angela Lansbury but -- gut check off and Shakespeare and it all sort of -- intact here -- -- big farce ', "a weekend that it has just finished Ugly Betty we got canceled. I was doing Broadway Show calls on him and some  Stephen sondheim 's music. And Anderson and his life and a got a call saying we want to meet Marc Cherry who's the creator Desperate ", "canceled. I was doing Broadway Show calls on him and some -- Stephen sondheim's music. And Anderson and his life and a got a call saying we want -- to meet Marc Cherry who's the creator "]