['Josh Groban answers viewer questions and joins Josh, Sam and Lara on "GMA LIVE!"', "don't just get with nothing at all and so is basically just religious and living. And I I've always thought that  Stephen Sondheim  is absolutely. I mean the most amazing. Of a handful amazing people who have written music it's since the beginning ", "is basically just religious and living. And I I've always thought that Stephen Sondheim is absolutely. I mean the most amazing. Of a handful amazing people who have written music it's since the beginning of used. ", "just this one night that the  Stephen Sondheim  theatre and march 19. And that if you get a ticket. To the  Stephen sondheim 's. This performance in March will be performed march 19 at  Stephen Sondheim  theatre. Right here in Manhattan ", "and they've created. The musical for just this one night that the Stephen Sondheim theatre and march 19. And that will be a benefit from a -- operation room. -- You can't kill. -- -- and ", "operation respect is doing so if you get a ticket. To the Stephen sondheim's . This performance in March 19. You'll be helping you will be making. That commitment to say we must help to stop the ", 'weaker people a dangerous -- will be performed march 19 at -- Stephen Sondheim theatre. Right here in Manhattan. Again thank you so much for being with -- thank you. ', 'suddenly think their fifty people that and nobody is looking at anybody else. Music wise that. The grand master  Stephen Sondheim  and James and imagined that He actually took a piece of tracing Paper number. Put it now mother question mark ', 'nobody is looking at anybody else. Music wise that. The grand master Stephen Sondheim and James and -- imagined that He actually took a piece of tracing Paper number. Put it now -- mother question mark. ', "the first Broadway revival of  Stephen sondheim 's Tony award winning master with Katherine. You've got  Stephen Sondheim  Hugh Trevor Nunn. doesn't Catherine Zeta-Jones as  Stephen Sondheim  and Angela Lansbury but gut ", "five time Tony winner Angela Lansbury. And the first Broadway revival of Stephen sondheim's Tony award winning master fees. A little night music hi there Aaron thanks so much for joining us today. So you're in that's fantastic show on Broadway classic. -- -- -- And it's an honor not only you know are we having fun working with Katherine. You've got Stephen Sondheim Hugh Trevor Nunn. -- doesn't get better than doesn't get better what is it like working with those two amazing leading -- ", 'It becomes a mean look you got Trevor Nunn. Catherine Zeta-Jones as Stephen Sondheim and Angela Lansbury but -- gut check off and Shakespeare and it all sort of -- intact here -- -- big farce ', "a weekend that it has just finished Ugly Betty we got canceled. I was doing Broadway Show calls on him and some  Stephen sondheim 's music. And Anderson and his life and a got a call saying we want to meet Marc Cherry who's the creator Desperate ", "canceled. I was doing Broadway Show calls on him and some -- Stephen sondheim's music. And Anderson and his life and a got a call saying we want -- to meet Marc Cherry who's the creator ", "for her birthday and getting it from my husband for Christmas He already knows that's a kick Atlanta television.  Stephen Sondheim  finishing the We have thirty hear from rehearsal of West Side Story got all the collected With the tendon comments ", "my husband for Christmas He already knows that's a kick Atlanta television. Stephen Sondheim finishing the -- We have thirty hear from rehearsal of West Side Story -- -- -- got all the collected -- With ", "creative giants behind the scenes few are more revered  Stephen Sondheim  a humble living legend as you're about to see Oscar could pull off seeing something like that only  Stephen Sondheim . The composer and lyricist literally providing something ", "Among those creative giants behind the scenes few are more revered -- Stephen Sondheim a humble living legend as you're about to see. As He sits down -- John Berman from the Nightline and. Yeah. Yeah. ", 'Pulitzer in an Oscar could pull off seeing something like that only Stephen Sondheim . The composer and lyricist -- -- literally providing something for everyone -- Quite a lot to be embarrassed about these games Constance ', 'Vanessa Williams is back on Broadway with a new musical that celebrates lyricist and composer  Stephen Sondheim  whose work. In West Side Story Gypsies so many other musicals has made him a legend who just recently celebrated his eightieth ', 'back on Broadway with a new musical that celebrates lyricist and composer Stephen Sondheim whose work. In West Side Story Gypsies so many other musicals has made him a legend who just recently celebrated his eightieth ', "winner. And blue and very. Oscar winner Catherine Zeta-Jones they're taking Broadway by storm the revival of  Stephen sondheim 's little night music. Which is now without a doubt the hottest ticket in town ladies thank you so much for being ", "Oscar winner Catherine Zeta-Jones they're taking Broadway by storm the revival of Stephen sondheim's little night music. Which is now without a doubt the hottest ticket in town ladies thank you so much for being -- ", "it that Sweeney Todd is in just any musical it's  Stephen Sondheim  musical. And in he's great legions of fans considered big theater Goer and I didn't actually even know  Stephen Sondheim  was so big that I the poster. Oh this looks cool ", "watch it that Sweeney Todd is in just any musical it's -- Stephen Sondheim musical. And in he's great legions of fans considered. The master work losses and the intimidation about approaching this. Well luckily right for so the -- was a student and I. Wasn't big theater Goer and I didn't actually even know -- Stephen Sondheim was so big that I -- the poster. Oh this looks cool and I went in and saw the show and I. ", "you quickly before we Well I'm doing a wonderful show written by prize called beautiful girls all the music that  Stephen Sondheim . With and so Caldwell is something we did last year. And we're gonna do it again and Sag Harbor that they street ", "show written by -- prize called beautiful girls all the music that Stephen Sondheim . With -- -- and so Caldwell is something we did last year. And we're gonna do it again and Sag Harbor that ", "as far as is that Tony award nominated actor who redefined the role of Bobby and last season's revival of the  Stephen Sondheim  musical company. And this season is garnering rave reviews for his portrayal of the damage middle son and neighborhood ", "who redefined the role of Bobby and last season's revival of the Stephen Sondheim musical company. And this season is garnering rave reviews for his portrayal of -- the damage middle son and neighborhood camp in ", "then if you see since He first of all tell us about the title. The came up with the title well it's Eric. From  Stephen sondheim 's Sunday in the one of my favorite Sheridan and my mom was a beautiful glamorous fashion designer. And so there ", "-- -- came up with the title well it's -- Eric. From Stephen sondheim's Sunday in the -- -- one of my favorite Sheridan and my mom was a beautiful glamorous fashion designer. And so there "]