['Inside the global Broadway phenomenon that earned six Tonys and a $5 billion title.', "The South Africa and conservation issues of a different sort our senior foreign correspondent Jim traveled to a town north of Johannesburg to meet a man who is trying to protect. Lions. And protect them in a very personal way. We're in cartel goes South Africa just a couple of hours north of", 'Payback. I knew it was going to happen. I mean -- it was like a herd of cows. It was terrifying. I felt like I was " the lion king " during the stampede. It was exciting. My heart is beating. I\'m scared. Jesse, thank you so much. You\'re ', 'a herd of cows. It was terrifying. I felt like I was " the lion king " during the stampede. It was exciting. My heart is beating. I\'m scared. Jesse, thank you so much. You\'re always a good sport. ', 'Raising your cat or dog in the sky like Simba in " The Lion King " is a real thing', 'mathison was prowling the red carpet. Reporter: Blazing saddles. Beauty and the beast. Sherk. I know, I know. And  the lion king . The creativity and clout of four men honored last night by hollywood heavyweights. At the governors awards. I think ', "Blazing saddles. Beauty and the beast. Sherk. I know, I know. And the lion king . The creativity and clout of four men honored last night by hollywood heavyweights. At the governors awards. I think it's hollywood that's ", 'that looks like. As we join "the circle of life." I\'m sorry for how this is going to look. For 15 years, " the lion king " has been broadway royalty. The highest-grossing show in history. Seen by more than 65 million people around the ', 'I\'m sorry for how this is going to look. For 15 years, " the lion king " has been broadway royalty. The highest-grossing show in history. Seen by more than 65 million people around the world. So, we three ', "The first time in their TV. From their very own theater  the Lion King  in the circle of life. Yeah. Bob Malone. and all own. And and if you. You know dominating women's. Okay. I. He thinks this team. sports. CE. And demand Okay. Okay. Song yeah. Okay. Okay. Okay.", "first time in their -- TV. From their very own theater -- the Lion King in the circle of life. Yeah. -- Bob Malone. -- and all own. And and if you. You know dominating women's. Okay. ", 'layer working here in this studio Zimmer has composed music for more than a hundred Hollywood movies. Including  the Lion King . Which won an Academy Award for best original score. wrote the music for Rain Man. Also nominated for an Oscar ', 'Zimmer has composed music for more than a hundred Hollywood movies. Including the Lion King . Which won an Academy Award for best original score. -- wrote the music for Rain Man. Also nominated for an Oscar. -- ', 'high definition of sex. Packets on an and examine pulp fictions impact. On and speaking of classic films tonight for  The Lion King  currently playing at theaters again in a limited pre release. But you can also on the classic Disney films on Blu-ray ', 'impact. On -- and speaking of classic films -- -- tonight for The Lion King currently playing at theaters again in a limited pre release. But you can also on the classic Disney films on Blu-ray a ', 'losing. And seen today. And you can guide you Atlanta makeup and rarely shadow and secure. We used to. Okay. Since  The Lion King  case. Is unbelievably. Sad story of two lives that were ruined by home. It would be the perfect storm but. I was ', 'rarely shadow and secure. We used to. -- -- -- Okay. Since The Lion King case. Is unbelievably. Sad story of two lives that were ruined by home. It would be the perfect storm but. I was ', "so did it make you wanna give up your small I won't she and I can make its its use. Pretty. What isn't being.  The Lion King  case. Is an unbelievably sad story two lives that ruined by home book. Okay.", "she and I can make its its use. Pretty. What isn't being. The Lion King case. Is an unbelievably sad story two lives that -- ruined by home book. Okay. ", 'Violating. Braves on the day the event. As you saw their  the lion king  and three need more Islamabad I have a. A lot of security baking and But coming at a respectable second place with just over twenty ', 'Violating. Braves on the day the event. As you saw their the lion king and three need more -- Islamabad I have a. A lot of security baking and -- But coming at a respectable second ', "terms of a comeback it doesn't say anything bad about the world or even there's a circle of life if you've seen  the Lion King  which is a What a new company will rise from the ashes. Yes eventually eventually soon but we'll hold some new little ", "world or even -- there's a circle of life if you've seen the Lion King which is a -- What a new company will rise from the ashes. Yes eventually eventually soon but we'll hold -- some ", "Pietrus and hey you wanna do a grand prize for with guys instantly. To broadly to see the fifteen year anniversary of  the Lion King  in their lecture counterfeit buried in and like our. And I think this is kinda happen now like what way I've never ", '-- guys instantly. To broadly to see the fifteen year anniversary of the Lion King in their lecture counterfeit buried in and -- like our. And I think this is kinda -- happen now like what way ', "really calling Dallas celebration at long Robin what do you. Can you hear that music. You remember the scene from  the Lion King  the and we'll. Guess. I'm flat rock literally seen a modern family can't take. And in my house and you insult ", "do you. Can you hear that music. You remember the scene from the Lion King the -- and we'll. Guess. I'm flat rock literally -- seen a modern family can't take. And in my house and you ", 'grossing show all White House prepared to reports. And it was Easter weekend that made all the difference and help  the Lion King  surged past phantom making over two million dollars in the bock a box office compared to one point two million. Congratulations ', 'And it was Easter weekend that made all the difference and help the Lion King surged past phantom making over two million dollars in the bock a box office compared to -- one point two million. Congratulations ', "scared millions of kids voicing the villainous scar in  the lion king  and now he's lent his voice. To another story about that you're your your voice is very well known from  The Lion King  I wonder people are constantly bothering you about in ", "-- -- is scared millions of kids voicing the villainous scar in the lion king and now he's lent his voice. To another story about the kings of the jungle a documentary it's called the last lions. ", "of films that you're your your voice is very well known from The Lion King I wonder people are constantly bothering you about in reciting a line from that film. And this trial to that I can ", "give you straight away. We met Alistair and keys the Bronx Zoo there. Where they admitted to casting their cats with  The Lion King  in mind. They're really gripping story and we really wanted to make the real The prediction is that the employer ", "the Bronx Zoo there. Where they admitted to casting their cats with The Lion King in mind. They're really gripping story and we really wanted to make the real -- The prediction is that the employer -- "]