['the diet, because the environmental footprint is much less than the majority of our mainstream food products." " The Lion King \'s" Timon and Pumbaa famously told Simba that insects "taste like chicken," but Crowley described the flavor in ', 'on this initiative." This is the fifth autism-friendly initiative by TDF. The first show to participate was " The Lion King ," which has since done a second participating performance. "Mary Poppins" and "Elf" have also done these special ', 'everyone. please calm down. he is all yours!! :) please :)" (After all, all she and the Biebs did was see " The Lion King " on Broadway.) But in early December, Bieber and Gomez were photographed holding hands backstage a concert and ', '"Nightline" Wins November Sweep in All Key Target Demos: No. 1 in Total Viewers, Adults 25-54 and Adults 18-49', 'brink of war; profiled music superstar Alicia Keys; had a behind-the-scenes look at the global phenomenon of " The Lion King " and took a closer look at "Halo," the blockbuster video game flying off shelves; featured the incredible inspirational ', 'The Broadway show "  The Lion King  " begins with a haunting Zulu call and the menagerie more money than any musical in history. In fact, " The Lion King " has been more profitable than all six " Star Wars ', 'show, 19-year-old Palvin and 18-year-old Bieber were spotted with a group of friends at the Broadway show " The Lion King ." Bieber\'s fans began speculating on Twitter that Palvin may have had a hand in the Gomez break-up. Palvin shot ', 'pushed the strained relationship to the limit. He reportedly flirted with some of the Angels after the show and saw " The Lion King " on Broadway with Victoria\'s Secret model Barbara Palvin. On Friday, Gomez tweeted a photo of Bieber and Palvin ', 'It looks like a scene plucked straight out of " The Lion King ," except this dramatic rescue of a baby elephant in Kenya is real. On Oct. 8, this eight-month-old baby elephant got stuck ', 'This isn\'t the first time Hollywood has been accused of borrowing Japanese story lines. In 1995, Disney\'s " The Lion King " was accused of ripping off the Japanese animation series "Kimba, the White Lion." The company denied the charges ', 'With its 3D re-release of  The Lion King  having earned 80 million dollars at the domestic box office to date, Disney has decided to give the 3D treatment to some of its ', "Injured 'Spider-Man' Actor Chris Tierney Says He Knew He Wanted to Come Back to the Show Despite Horrific Fall", 'backstage." That shocking insight is part of the reason for the recent departure of Taymor, the legendary director of " The Lion King " musical, who wrote and directed the original version of "Spider-Man." Taymor declined to comment for this story ', 'follow, has enthralled audiences the world over. As " the lion king " celebrates 15 record-shattering years on the great profitmaking runs in more than 100 cities around the globe. " The lion king " brand has earned more than all six "star wars" films ', "The South Africa and conservation issues of a different sort our senior foreign correspondent Jim traveled to a town north of Johannesburg to meet a man who is trying to protect. Lions. And protect them in a very personal way. We're in cartel goes South Africa just a couple of hours north of", 'Payback. I knew it was going to happen. I mean -- it was like a herd of cows. It was terrifying. I felt like I was " the lion king " during the stampede. It was exciting. My heart is beating. I\'m scared. Jesse, thank you so much. You\'re ', 'a herd of cows. It was terrifying. I felt like I was " the lion king " during the stampede. It was exciting. My heart is beating. I\'m scared. Jesse, thank you so much. You\'re always a good sport. ', 'Raising your cat or dog in the sky like Simba in " The Lion King " is a real thing', 'mathison was prowling the red carpet. Reporter: Blazing saddles. Beauty and the beast. Sherk. I know, I know. And  the lion king . The creativity and clout of four men honored last night by hollywood heavyweights. At the governors awards. I think ', "Blazing saddles. Beauty and the beast. Sherk. I know, I know. And the lion king . The creativity and clout of four men honored last night by hollywood heavyweights. At the governors awards. I think it's hollywood that's "]