['prevalence in today\'s society." Jay Jay French of  Twisted Sister  Jay Jay French, lead guitarist and founder of heavy-metal band  Twisted Sister , is scheduled to speak. "We are thrilled to have ', 'big-screen TV that shows a video of a rock band composed of 10- to 12-year-old kids singing I Wanna Rock by  Twisted Sister . Any tween, with parental permission, can download his or her photo and substitute it on the screen for one of ', 'In New Book, Author Kelly Valen Looks at Harmful Female Relationships and Offers Ideas for Improving Future Ones', "rock hits are included, such as Blink 182's All The Small Things, No Doubt's Spiderwebs, Nirvana's Breed and  Twisted Sister 's We're Not Gonna Take It. So, why the lukewarm score? Controlling the game feels awkward. Even when the Guitar ", 'outdoor stadium. Song selections range from head-banging rockers such as The Scorpions\' "No One Like You,"  Twisted Sister \'s "I Wanna Rock" and Quiet Riot\'s "Metal Health" to pop hits such as Flock of Seagulls\' "I Ran," The ', 'focus on one thing for a few minutes, but when I started playing, I became Joan Jett, the Wilson sisters and the  Twisted Sister  guy in one fell swoop. The game kit provides a plastic guitar that wires into the PS2 gaming console. As rock songs ', 'Republicans would charge them with abandoning the troops on the ground." House Democrats do their best impersonation of  Twisted Sister  and vow to vote against the president\'s $87 billion request. And John Edwards breaks out of the nine-pack by ', 'Edwards" didn\'t make it into the piece. Al and Tipper Gore make a stern cameo in an Associated Press story about  Twisted Sister \'s upcoming New Jersey concerts. LINK KERRY "Democratic Presidential hopeful John Kerry yesterday said he would ', 'and Ace Frehley & Friends at the event billed as the New York Steel concert, hosted by Mets\' catcher Mike Piazza.  Twisted Sister  is also on the bill. Their big hit "We\'re Not Gonna Take It" could easily take on new meaning in these troubling ', 'and Ace Frehley & Friends at the event billed as the New York Steel concert, hosted by Mets\' catcher Mike Piazza.  Twisted Sister  is also on the bill. Their big hit "We\'re Not Gonna Take It" could easily take on new meaning in these troubling ', 'and Ace Frehley & Friends at the event billed as the New York Steel concert, hosted by Mets\' catcher Mike Piazza.  Twisted Sister  is also on the bill. Their big hit "We\'re Not Gonna Take It" could easily take on new meaning in these troubling ', 'and Ace Frehley & Friends at the event billed as the New York Steel concert, hosted by Mets\' catcher Mike Piazza.  Twisted Sister  is also on the bill. Their big hit "We\'re Not Gonna Take It" could easily take on new meaning in these troubling ', "pop of his longtime fiancee trade with the wife of  Twisted Sister  frontman Dee Snider Chris got As more for us from there's nothing like seeing the no nonsense bouts of  Twisted Sister  frontman Dee Snider. Turn the public enemy rap star ", "of -- -- his longtime fiancee -- trade with the wife of Twisted Sister frontman Dee Snider Chris got -- -- As more for us from Alan good morning Chris wish you were here. Good morning Robin this is like following the Pope on Easter Sunday. Trying to follow George Clooney like this but it's. -- up. But it's -- there's nothing like seeing the no nonsense bouts of Twisted Sister frontman Dee Snider. Turn the public enemy rap star into her own public enemy number one. Rising -- -- funny now. Mrs. ", "if you're a fan of the legendary heavy metal band  Twisted Sister . You'll certainly be excited about our next guest still obviously the front man of the heavy metal band  Twisted Sister  are now we're going to get a look at your. Suburban ", "New York if you're a fan of the legendary heavy metal band Twisted Sister . You'll certainly be excited about our next guest. Dee -- joins us today to talk -- is a new reality TV show on Amy called growing up twisted or will get a sneak peek into his crazy family life. -- thank you so much for being with us today. Bags bag and it -- not offense was a sister I think you manager of the showed children are chickened out. Okay still obviously the front man of the heavy metal band Twisted Sister are now we're going to get a look at your. Suburban life out on Long Island with your family of six -- ", "of people are part of its weapons of murder or robbery the fact of the robbery. By the 1980s it was Tipper Gore vs  twisted sister 's Dee Snider over the issue of suggestive clear. One thing there is so much just they don't Africa's human ", "fact of the robbery. By the 1980s it was Tipper Gore vs twisted sister's Dee Snider over the issue of suggestive -- clear. One thing there is so much just they don't Africa's human bondage in ", "it was 77. Crosby. And. And came to see you. There was with their moves ladies and hair and bittersweet. Then  Twisted Sister . Why do so many record this stuff. Well. What a lot of do they're trying to almost. This double their audience ", "-- with their moves ladies and hair and bittersweet. -- Then -- Twisted Sister . Why do so many -- record this stuff. Well. What a lot of -- do -- they're trying to almost. This -- ", "female friendships it's called the  Twisted Sister  unraveling the dark legacy of female many great insights in the book the  Twisted Sister  thank you so much for being here you com. Slash GM The chapter of the  Twisted Sister  who.", "book explores the complicated fraught world of female friendships it's called the Twisted Sister -- unraveling the dark legacy of female friendships. And author Kelly -- joins us now thanks for joining it's great to be ", '-- -- Amazing -- so many great insights in the book the Twisted Sister -- thank you so much -- for being here you -- -- read chapter you can. Check out an exert on abcnews.com. Slash GM -- The chapter of the Twisted Sister who. ', "yet we take He had the songs from the sort of mid to late eighties everything from foreigner Jovi poison. You know  Twisted Sister  all these amazing They've been crafted into this great love story it's a comedy it's it is the show that your ", "mid to late eighties everything from foreigner -- Jovi poison. You know Twisted Sister all these amazing -- -- -- They've been crafted into this great love story it's a comedy it's it is the show ", 'best duet of old time it was 77. Crosby. It. There was slam with their moves hair and bittersweet. You. Then  Twisted Sister . Why do so many artists record this stuff. Well. What a lot of foresters are trying to almost. This has doubled ', 'with their moves -- -- hair and bittersweet. You. -- Then -- Twisted Sister . Why do so many artists record this stuff. Well. What a lot of foresters are trying to almost. This has doubled our ']