['spokesperson for Lopez, a mother of two, says the  singer  was unaware of the dictator\'s history fellow performers in the music world -Beyonce,  Usher , and 50 Cent - and Mariah Carey, a  singer  who followed her as an "American Idol" judge ', 'Musicians  Usher , Justin Bieber is a writer and  singer  in Chesapeake partnership with  Usher ,  Raymond  Braun Media Group Publicists for  Usher  and Bieber did not provided a copy to  Usher Raymond  IV, known as  Usher', 'leaders has grown increasingly controversial. In March,  singer  Carly Rae Jepsen and the band Train both dropped out of Scouts have missed an opportunity to exercise leadership and  usher  the organization back to relevancy," Rich Ferraro, vice ', 'are the winners of the 55th  Grammy  Awards, held at the Staples So Do I)," Halestorm  Grammy  Awards 2013: Must-See Moments Making Mirrors, Gotye Best  R & B  Performance "Climax,"  Usher  Best Traditional  R & B  Performance "Love On Top ', "Caillat, Justin Bieber,  Usher  and many other big names the windpipe and so when a  singer  breathes in cold air, it's to sing live, even for a  Grammy -winning professional like didn't actually sing on their  Grammy  and American Music Award-winning ", 'Clinton PIC Co-Chair Eva Longoria  Singer /songwriter Ben Folds Iraq war veteran Jones Actress Angela Bassett Gospel  singer  Yolanda Adams Rep and Iraq War veteran Movement Katy Perry Smokey Robinson  Usher  RELATED: Oops! Ticketmaster Mixup ', 'Shakira team up with merengue  singer  El Cata on her last album, Sale in 2010 and she went "Loca."  Singer  Akon signed Dominican  singer  Omega to his label and the two Producto" in 2011. And last year,  Usher  was featured on Romeo Santos ', "direction, as a  singer , writer, and of traditional  R & B  - then Miguel around [with five  Grammy  nominations offered soulful  R & B  without the EDM from the avid  R & B  fan to the devoted was working on  Usher 's album Here ", "Bieber's mentor,  Usher , opened the show Favorite Soul/ R & B  Male Artist. At the overwhelmed  singer  brought his date Favorite Female Soul  R & B  Artist, while Favorite Soul/ R & B  Album for Talk production values: - Usher  opened the show ", 'Nicki Minaj, "Pink Friday: Roman Reloaded" Soul/ R & B  female artist: Beyonce Soul/ R & B  male artist:  Usher  Soul/ R & B  album: Rihanna, "Talk That Talk" Alternative ', 'Christina Aguilera,  Usher , The Wanted, PSY Drake, One Direction and  Usher . The nominees for the Bieber Flo Rida Pitbull  Usher  FAVORITE FEMALE ARTIST MALE ARTIST - SOUL/ R & B  Chris Brown Trey Songz  Usher  FAVORITE FEMALE ARTIST ', 'Who knew  Usher \'s " My Way voting booth? The  R & B singer  upset more than WSB-TV that  Usher  (full name:  Usher Raymond  IV) was escorted said that after  Usher \'s team notified them of the  singer \'s intent to ', "the world had seven  Grammy  Awards no question than forty years.  Usher Raymond  the fourth still inner self one thing  usher  has found it's with the foundation  usher  is facing a very emotions overwhelm the  singer  in court and different ", "club -- hit maker. But the musical career more than forty years. Usher Raymond the fourth still reigns supreme topping billboard charts for the release of -- seventh studio album looking for myself. While he may be searching for his inner self one thing usher has found it's his passion for giving back that's what he calls his -- work. Understanding that it is important to identify ", "two kids. The  singer  sat down with  usher  with oprah in 9834;  usher  didn't hold Reporter: The  r & b  mega star opening Reporter:  Usher  said while they Reporter: But the  singer  said the relationship Reporter:  Usher  now says he's ", "I just 31 years old  Usher Raymond  the fourth has already sold more than forty million albums worldwide and collected five.  Grammy  Awards now he's got a new album Raymond vs Raymond it's called ", "I just 31 years old Usher Raymond the fourth has already sold more than forty million albums worldwide and collected five. Grammy Awards -- now he's got a new album Raymond vs Raymond it's called hitting stores next week. He -- -- been called ", "is back. With a new album you.  R & B  superstar  Usher Raymond  the fourth has the boys and what determination and their father.  Usher  has become an entrepreneur or and he's back and would of success  usher  says this is just the beginning ", 'years of his life He is back. With a new album you. R & B superstar Usher Raymond the fourth has the boys and what He calls the swagger. A style so distinctive He only needs one name because the ', "call for music superstar  usher  who frantically dialed for so bad in fact. The  singer  had to call 911. haven't newly released 911 call  usher  appears to be whispering arrested June 24 after the  R & B  star called 911. Police headaches something the  singer  deny. That person believes ", "female fan apparently hasn't bad for -- so bad in fact. The singer had to call 911. -- -- -- -- -- -- -- haven't tried them on the front door. And let him -- -- -- In his newly released 911 call usher appears to be whispering. As he explains to a dispatcher that he's -- for Stanley safety. Children at home. I don't answer the telephone down and down this volatility at least to conclude English. TMZ says the woman identified as -- L Jones -- -- -- big cheese -- what he. She was arrested June 24 after the R & B star called 911. Police reportedly found her sitting on his front porch for iPad plug in for second trip to his house that day. And who didn't. Want. This settlement. -- -- They're actually out. In this rant posted on YouTube -- straw says ushered invited her to his house. And -- often closer to complain about ankle pain and headaches something the singer deny. That person believes that they have a relationship with the celebrity that the celebrity wants them around. And it can grow ", 'hilary swank attended a birthday party for this president known for a slew of issues. She apologized and beyonce, 50 cent,  usher  and mariah carey all performed at events reportedly linked to libyan leader moammar gadhafi. Most of these are really speed ', 'known for a slew of issues. She apologized and beyonce, 50 cent, usher and mariah carey all performed at events reportedly linked to libyan leader moammar gadhafi. Most of these are really speed bumps and ', "Billy and old charmer is still charmer doesn't come to  usher  who is here Patrick. And. It's true and it's not just about the dance it's one thing to be in doing a great.  R & B  show and doing the things that you do it's another thing ", "the dance it's one thing to be in -- doing a great. R & B show and doing the things that you do it's another thing to do it on -- -- want to show everybody a "]