['First Lady Michelle Obama spotted dining with US\'s  Bono  " Michelle Obama appears to be enjoying Dublin, with or Sasha and Malia, was spotted Tuesday afternoon dining with  U2  frontman  Bono  and his wife Ali Hewson. The famous fivesome took in lunch ', 'Ireland today, reportedly dining with Irish rock superstar  Bono  at a pub outside Dublin. The  U2  frontman and his wife, Ali Hewson, were spotted shortly ', 'legacy on Africa continues to have a lasting effect.  U2  front-man and activist  Bono , who criticized Bush on the Iraq War, nonetheless Africa. "I know that\'s hard for you to accept,"  Bono  said to a surprised crowd and host, "but George kind ', 'affable American listed at 33 to 1 odds. A couple of unconventional choices for pope could also yield big pay days.  U2  frontman  Bono  is listed at 1,000 to 1 odds on Paddy Power, while former British prime minister Tony Blair has a 500 to 1 shot ', "far more well-known names on the list include  U2  frontman  Bono , singer Madonna, media mogul Oprah Winfrey, former slightly better odds than -- you guessed it --  Bono , at 666-1 versus  Bono 's 1,000-1. Of the two,  Bono  was the one ", "awarded to the German company. Camil Garza is a renowned businessman and socialite who prides himself on having hosted  U2 's  Bono  in his Acapulco mansion. He was Siemens' representative in Mexico from 1999 to 2004, the years when the payoffs allegedly ", 'a musical with one person or two," she said. In a "Nightline" interview last year , Taymor\'s famous partners,  U2 \'s  Bono  and Slash, accused her of being too close to the production to make necessary changes, but Taymor said she doesn\'t ', 'Bono , Suu Kyi and Irish deputy Prime Minister Eamon Gilmore at Dublin airport Electric Burma, facing thousands of spectators, supporters and activists as  U2  frontman  Bono  presented her with the honor, awarded to her in 2009. She also finally ', 'The Global Note: "Social Explosion" In Greece; Dodging Euro-Bullets; Landmark - and Anger - In Egypt; Punishing David Nalbandian', "policies of former President Ronald Reagan. SUU KYI +  BONO  Burmese democracy advocate Aung San Suu Kyi kicks off her to receive an Amnesty International award presented by  U2  frontman  Bono  - who says he' starstruck at the thought of being onstage ", "wealthiest rock musician in the world by  U2  frontman  Bono . NME.com reports that the Irish than $100 billion, which will make  Bono 's share worth in excess of $1 estimated to be slightly over $1 billion.  Bono  bought his Facebook shares for about ", "07 percent ownership will earn her $72 million.  Bono  According the Yahoo! News,  U2 's lead singer,  Bono , owns 1.5 percent of the shares in Facebook through ", 'ACM Awards 2012: Reba McEntire and Blake Shelton Host as Taylor Swift, Miranda Lambert, Lady Antebellum Take Home Top Awards', 'classic? Toby Keith singing a duet with Carrot Top?  Bono  introducing a number from "my friend, Dierks Bentley Bentley sang "Home," which was introduced via video by  U2  front man  Bono , who declared himself a fan and said, "When he sings \'Home ', "to travel and hour as and it's. Two balls and parties  Larry Mullen  getting him movements. To that. Something which song and to get tickets when your shows for Jackson went zero for  Joshua Tree  Syracuse, New York. Thank you.", "to travel and hour as -- and it's. Two balls and parties Larry Mullen getting him movements. To that. -- Something which song and the song office supplies and we do magnificent. -- An uncle was ", "for an exclusive interview with the composer's Bonn and  the edge  of find out what's going. It is death defying stunts like vitamins copies please. They were touring with the band  U2 . they feel their absence contributed to the problem. To ", "sat down for an exclusive interview with the composer's Bonn -- and the edge of find out what's going. It is death defying stunts like these that make Spider-Man one of the most anticipated Broadway shows ", 'Cynthia McFadden reports: Preview of the stunts from the buzzed-about Broadway show.', "down. Four months after a death defying drop he's back in the air and she speaks exclusively. With U two's  Bono . And  the edge  for the first time since the show opened in pre So I've never read quite so horrible that Things like the New ", "he's back in the air and she speaks exclusively. With U two's Bono . And the edge for the first time since the show opened in pre -- So I've never read quite so horrible -- that -- Things ", 'star bod made an honorary British tonight in Dublin. In were granted by Queen Elizabeth. The British government says the  U2  rocker received the award for his extraordinary commitment in fighting aids and global poverty. They all comes that title ', 'In -- were granted by Queen Elizabeth. The British government says the U2 rocker received the award for his extraordinary commitment in fighting aids and global poverty. They all comes -- that title is only ', "show is true you being a band that's great. Guardian its words all over the road George and that's the fun it from a  U2  perspective you've them. You know big rock and roll tunes mellow drama big orchestral stuff I mean it's. the real question ", "over the road George and that's the fun -- it from a U2 perspective you've -- them. You know big rock and roll tunes mellow drama -- -- big -- -- -- -- orchestral stuff "]