["Tuesday evening shows Romney with 49 percent support among likely voters to Obama's 48 percent nationally. The GOP ticket will appear Tuesday evening at a rally with Kid Rock and country star  Trace Adkins  in another coveted state: Colorado.", 'campaign. Several enormous American flags blew in the wind and a full concert stage had been set up for country music star  Trace Adkins . As a grand finale, there were fireworks. The campaign estimated that more than 5,700 people had come to the event ', 'an event at the University of Wisconsin-Madison. -Mitt Romney and Paul Ryan hold a rally with country music star  Trace Adkins  at Augusta Expoland Fairgrounds in Fishersville, Va. -Vice President Joe Biden holds a campaign event at the Mid-America ', 'The day after the debate, on Thursday, Romney will hold a rally in Virginia with Paul Ryan and country music star  Trace Adkins . "THIS WEEK" REWIND: CHRIS CHRISTIE: \'STOP LYING MR. PRESIDENT.\' Appearing back-to-back on ABC\'s "This ', 'Country Song "Are You Gonna Kiss Me or Not," Thompson Square "God Gave Me You," Blake Shelton "Just Fishin\',"  Trace Adkins  "Mean," Taylor Swift "Threaten Me with Heaven," Vince Gill "You and Tequila," Kenny Chesney featuring Grace ', 'Country Song "Are You Gonna Kiss Me or Not," Thompson Square "God Gave Me You," Blake Shelton "Just Fishin\',"  Trace Adkins  "Mean," Taylor Swift "Threaten Me with Heaven," Vince Gill "You and Tequila," Kenny Chesney featuring Grace ', 'include even more high wattage performances. Some of the artists already announced to appear at the nightly concerts include  Trace Adkins , Jason Aldean, Dierks Bentley, Brooks & Dunn, Julianne Hough, Lady Antebellum, Miranda Lambert ', 'one hits "Hillbilly Bone" with  Trace Adkins  and "All About Tonight." A recent Hillbilly Bone" -- Blake Shelton/ Trace Adkins , "Need You Now" -- Lady Antebellum Hillbilly Bone" -- Blake Shelton/ Trace Adkins , "Need You Now" -- Lady Antebellum ', 'Kid Rock "Hillbilly Bone" Blake Shelton featuring  Trace Adkins  "I\'m Alive" Kenny Chesney with Dave Matthews "Till Director) "Hillbilly Bone" Blake Shelton featuring  Trace Adkins  directed by Roman White "Need You Now" Lady Antebellum directed ', 'means at home. For example, the Sommet Center in Nashville canceled a New Year\'s Eve concert with Lynyrd Skynyrd and  Trace Adkins . Reservations dropped for the shindig at the Lexington Downtown Hotel in Kentucky. "It\'s really scary," says Angela ', 'shows and other agricultural exhibits. Concerts feature entertainers such as Crystal Gayle, Sugarland, Tom Jones and  Trace Adkins . Admission is $9 adults, $5 kids 6-12. Concert tickets are $10-$35. He was a golf idol in the early days ', 'the fall, is proving easy. "They\'re calling us now," Trump said. Still vying for the title: country singer  Trace Adkins , actor Stephen Baldwin, supermodel Carol Alt, boxer Lennox Lewis, America\'s Got Talent judge Piers Morgan, and reality-show ', 'Henner, best-known from the sitcom "Taxi" a quarter-century ago. Other cast members include country music star  Trace Adkins , Olympic gymnastics gold medalist Nadia Comaneci, Playboy Playmate of the Year Tiffany Fallon, Olympic softball gold ', "Singer Trace actions has been turning out hits selling out concerts for more than fifteen years. of his best work. It's done away from the spotlight. Helping our troops overseas and back here at home and this coming Sunday he'll be performing as part of national Memorial Day concert in Washington", "Coming from the award winning 36 Yes and from prison blues the blue collar country. Ten years into his recording career  Trace Adkins  is armed with a guitar and he's dangerous. to man finds a double platinum artist singing about truckers warning against ", "prison blues the blue collar country. Ten years into his recording career Trace Adkins is armed with a guitar and he's dangerous. -- to -- man finds a double platinum artist singing about truckers warning against "]