["Have more access to health care certain cancer birth have more access education . More kids and our energy what education haven't thought that I can -- to -- -- -- full import people can't and he's talking about expanding the opportunities the ", "sick so why are we having to make cuts and in public education for four years -- -- he -- recovery we're still. Still grappling with budget issues. Grappling with very high gas prices mark ", "week there's no need we weren't -- trouble we got a bad deficit . We got to pay this money back we don't need to borrow 91 billion dollars war to spend on your initiative if ", 'speechwriters and hiring him except that would probably run -- the federal deficit even higher. Well less so AM reverend Michael Faulkner from was admitted that Isaac church in Harlem on and I asked him ', "long time. -- concentrated industries at a low skill work -- lowest education of all the big urban areas. And they have very cold weather. Those three things combined that's why not bode well though ", "make it fun of it without listening. To fundamentally marvelous on the education and skills of our workforce. Is crowds don't -- going to cry and still call obamacare he didn't. Do you realize Obama ", 'to seek. The freedom and the opportunity of America and the great education in America. Colleges and universities and and high schools and middle schools but that they are just running around 75 pounds of ', "It's people without hope for the future is people that don't have education . That do these things and we have to do all weekend. To eliminate it not just by taking the guns off history. ", 'House passes defense spending bill, rejects effort to cut off NSA surveillance program', 'Oprah: The star has earned her reputation as a philanthropist and humanitarian, donating more than $50 million to charity, including a recent $1.5 million to Newark, N.J.  public schools . Oprah', 'California judge sentences actress to 90 days in jail for violating probation stemming from a 2007 drug case after she failed to attend court-ordered alcohol  education  classes', " Whether responsible for the kid's religious  education  , or just set on spoiling the tyke , these stars pledge their support to friends'little ones . ( REUTERS ) Celebrity Godparents", "The year-long plan to celebrate the centennial of world-famous explorer Jacques Cousteau's birth includes the re-launch of iconic vessel Calypso for marine  education  tour."]