['Glassman said. "That\'s something that we all should be doing regardless of how extreme we do go." RELATED: How  Trisha Yearwood  Lost 30 Pounds, Transformed Life The extreme diet isn\'t the only contributor to Keibler\'s glow. The former professional ', "a family favorite. The sauce keeps in the fridge for weeks so you can save some for your next batch of chicken.  Trisha Yearwood 's Uncle Wilson's Grilled Onions These aren't your everyday onions. Large sweet onions are wrapped in bacon ", 'especially for those families in Moore, Okla., right now. ... God, wrap your arms around this community." - Trisha Yearwood , via Facebook "Awoke this morning with a broken heart for my home state of Oklahoma. Praying for the families affected ', 'Trisha Yearwood  has turned heads with her 30-pound weight loss, and the country but I\'m proud of myself. I\'m really happy where I am." PHOTO:  Trisha Yearwood  Flaunts Weight Loss Zumba, the Latin-dance inspired workout, is ', 'With so many stars in dazzling couture, it\'s tough to steal the spotlight at the Academy of Music Awards, but  Trisha Yearwood  did just that, as she showed off her toned figure. "I\'ve lost about 20 lbs.," the country star, 48, told ', "forget about dessert. Try making  Trisha Yearwood 's brownies or even a chicken Milk Chocolate Caramel Sauce  Trisha Yearwood 's Brownies with Coconut Frosting our Super Bowl party. Recipe:  Trisha Yearwood 's Brownies with Coconut Frosting ", 'would. His suit seeks damages of $500,000. Brooks showed up at court late Tuesday with his wife, country singer  Trisha Yearwood . He says in 2005 he gave Integris Canadian Valley Regional Hospital $500,000, after the Oklahoma hospital promised ', "brings all these toys back to life and is a great excuse to eat like a kid again. For your family-friendly party try  Trisha Yearwood 's monkey break muffins with a side of caramel corn. Check out these fun recipes: Monkey Bread Muffins Yummy ", 'Popular \'GMA\' Recipes in 2010  Trisha Yearwood \'s Key Lime Cake Country sensation  Trisha Yearwood  was full of surprises this year cookbook "Home Cooking with  Trisha Yearwood : Stories and Recipes to Share ', "go. CLICK HERE for step-by-step instructions.  Trisha Yearwood 's Daddy's Biscuits Where there's gravy and other that's our rule. This recipe from country music star  Trisha Yearwood  can be served for dinner, lunch and even breakfast ", 'Performing Arts School, for student performances, and entertainment by professional musicians including Yo-Yo Ma,  Trisha Yearwood  and Sara Bareilles. The group will tour and lunch at the Andy Warhol Museum, which will conclude with an opening ', 'concerted just added. Logistics as to who is performing at the D.C. event were still being worked out, with  Trisha Yearwood  mentioned as one of the artists. The D.C. concert is tentatively set to begin at 10:30 a.m., and proceed ', 'trisha\'s shorn kitchen,"  trisha yearwood . She will show us how to start to have country music legend,  trisha yearwood  the host of the food network\'s Really, whatever you like.  Trisha yearwood , happy new year. Happy new ', 'vargas got together with country music legend, host of "trisha\'s shorn kitchen," trisha yearwood . She will show us how to start the new year right with a couple delicious breakfast dishes. We are kicking off the new year with some southern hospitality. We\'re very happy to have country music legend, trisha yearwood the host of the food network\'s "trisha\'s southern kitchen" here to make great breakfast dishes. Something we can have for breakfast or ', 'two days. And literally throw anything on there. Really, whatever you like. Trisha yearwood , happy new year. Happy new year to you. These apple dump lings are phenomenal. Her show is on the food network. Get ', "Okay. Do you ever. this morning like family as a brand new Food Network show calls as a southern kitchen that premieres on Saturday. All about family inspired recipes and includes positions it is so wonderful position to see you again have Jackie and keep in our little location yeah like it's in", "She is famous for winning three grammys reporting nine number one hit songs like country music sensation.  Trisha Yearwood  is just a biggest star in her family's kitchen as she is on the stage her brand new book He got to get this it is ", "three grammys reporting nine number one hit songs like country music sensation. Trisha Yearwood is just -- a biggest star in her family's kitchen as she is on the stage her brand new book He got ", "I'm of the rebirth ski for Good Morning America now is  Trisha Yearwood  her first cookbook it's called. Georgia cooking and Oklahoma kids and I love that it is welcome you. Who's your inspiration ", "of the rebirth ski for Good Morning America now -- -- is Trisha Yearwood her first cookbook it's called. Georgia cooking and Oklahoma kids and I love that -- -- it is welcome -- you. Who's ", 'An branch test ride species. Records. And somewhere and there they had discovered. Elvis and so my first music war was listening to Elvis Presley. could tell Elvis was the first voice I remember hearing at five or six years that. Mesmerized me and always did I mean just to hear him his voice that', 'Well yeah. An emphasis branch test species. Records. And summer and there they had discovered. Elvis and so my persons using memory war was listening to Elvis Presley. Heartbreak hotel Elvis was the first voice I remember hearing at five or six years that. Mesmerized me and always did I mean just', "We'll turn to  trisha yearwood . Country music star showing off great, diana perez on the skinny  trisha yearwood . How she dropped the weight grammy award winner and chef  trisha yearwood  has dropped 30 pounds and is still "]