['will that impact be. Joining me again here in the museum ABC news colleague David The object president of the  united steelworkers  a failure in the global editor but not for Thomson Reuters and Mort Zuckerman editor in chief of US news and world ', '-- ABC news colleague David -- The object -- president of the united steelworkers -- a failure in the global editor but not for Thomson Reuters and Mort Zuckerman editor in chief of US news and ', 'people back to work so joining me to discuss that it is my ABC news colleague David Muir. You job president of the  united steelworkers  a freelance. Global editor at large for Thomson Reuters and Mort Zuckerman editor in chief of US news and world ', 'my ABC news colleague David Muir. You -- job president of the united steelworkers -- a freelance. Global editor at large for Thomson Reuters and Mort Zuckerman editor in chief of US news and world report. ', "tunnel out and he's to operate air. It's. I don't fill up on Chuck well and he's proud member of the  united steelworkers  union the world champions. Seem great there. I don't I can't wait that's right well and I think the idea ", "fill up on Chuck -- well and he's proud member of the united steelworkers union -- the world champions. Seem great there. -- I don't I can't wait that's right well and I think the idea ", "fisherman and a production operator in the oil fields of Alaska's north slope. And I'm proud member of the  united steelworkers  union and. Hi is world champions snow machine racer and the Halloween is you eskimo ancestry in an all makes for ", "oil fields of Alaska's north slope. And I'm proud member of the united steelworkers union and. Hi is -- world champions snow machine racer and the Halloween is you -- eskimo ancestry in an all makes ", "fisherman and a production operator in the oil fields of Alaska's north slope. And I'm proud member of the  united steelworkers  union and. Okay. They world champions snow machine racer and. That's okay. Number 1820. Yeah Dana isn't ", "oil fields of Alaska's north slope. And I'm proud member of the united steelworkers union and. Okay. They -- world champions snow machine racer and. That's okay. Number 1820. Yeah Dana isn't it okay yeah. We ", 'votes was approved today by local leaders of the  united steelworkers  union. The agreement is a victory for outgoing block agreement. The grass roots leaders from 600  united steelworkers  union locals voted 190 forward and 99. To accept ', "rejected by five votes was approved today by local leaders of the united steelworkers union. The agreement is a victory for outgoing union president I W able it could affect prices and wages and a wide range of industries the contract provides not only -- wage increase but is a step toward lifetime security for the 340000. Steel workers. Bill downs has a report. After beating back a union dissident attempt to block agreement. The grass roots leaders from 600 united steelworkers union locals voted 190 forward and 99. To accept a new three year labor contract with the nation's ten biggest dealmakers. Steelworkers ", "the glare Hendrick that there some good news for you today the endorsement of two unions United Mine Workers and  united steelworkers  that. Although your platform should most unions to you you're you're having trouble with a couple of the service ", "for you today the endorsement of two unions United Mine Workers and united steelworkers that. Although your platform should -- most unions to you you're you're having trouble with a couple of -- the service employees "]