["NEW YORK (Reuters) - Private equity firm Silver Lake, which is backing Michael's Dell's sweetened $24.6 billion bid for Dell Inc, does not support an increase of the buyout consortium's offer to $14 per share, a person familiar with the matter said on Wednesday.Full story", "NEW YORK (Reuters) - Steven A. Cohen's legal team claims the hedge fund titan was simply too busy to notice some of his employees may have been using inside information to make trades in shares of computer company Dell Inc in the summer of 2008. Full story", 'TrendingUnited AirlinesretireesGeneral MotorsStarbucksMicrosoftNASDAQNBCNews.com homeBrowseVideoPhotos', "CNBC's David Faber reports on the situation with Dell and whether Michael Dell is likely to sweeten his bid for the company. Shareholders will vote on the buyout on July 24th.", "Dell delayed a vote on founder Michael Dell's plan to take the company private. Shares are up more than 2 percent on the news. Dennis Berman, Wall Street Journal, weighs in.", 'Jayson Noland, Robert Baird; Alex Gauna, JMP Securities; and Colin Gillis, BGC, analyze Dell, Qualcomm, and Google. ', 'The Halftime crew takes a look at major banks including Morgan Stanley and dissects Carl Ichan\'s top trades from the "Delivering Alpha" conference including Herbalife and Netflix. CNBC\'s Seema Mody has the latest on Dell and Anthony DiClemente, Barclay...', "Dell shareholder Norm Peters provides perspective on the adjournment of Dell's shareholder meeting and the future of the PC maker.", "The logo of a Dell laptop computer is pictured in Pasadena, California in this July 17, 2013 file photo. Dell Inc shareholders converge again in Texas on July 24, 2013 to vote on CEO Michael Dell's $24.4 billion buyout offer, after a previous meeting was pushed back a week to buy time to convert inv", "A Dell laptop computer is pictured in New York in this August 26, 2008 file photo. Dell Inc shareholders converge again in Texas on July 24, 2013 to vote on CEO Michael Dell's $24.4 billion buyout offer, after a previous meeting was pushed back a week to buy time to convert investors on the fence ab", 'File picture of a Dell computer logo on a laptop at Best Buy in Phoenix, Arizona', 'A Dell computer logo is seen on a laptop at Best Buy in Phoenix, Arizona, in this February 18, 2010 file picture. To match Special Report TAX-BIGTECH    REUTERS/Joshua Lott/Files (UNITED STATES - Tags: SCIENCE TECHNOLOGY BUSINESS LOGO)']