["if you're a fan of the legendary heavy metal band  Twisted Sister . You'll certainly be excited about our next guest still obviously the front man of the heavy metal band  Twisted Sister  are now we're going to get a look at your. Suburban ", "New York if you're a fan of the legendary heavy metal band Twisted Sister . You'll certainly be excited about our next guest. Dee -- joins us today to talk -- is a new reality TV show on Amy called growing up twisted or will get a sneak peek into his crazy family life. -- thank you so much for being with us today. Bags bag and it -- not offense was a sister I think you manager of the showed children are chickened out. Okay still obviously the front man of the heavy metal band Twisted Sister are now we're going to get a look at your. Suburban life out on Long Island with your family of six -- ", "of people are part of its weapons of murder or robbery the fact of the robbery. By the 1980s it was Tipper Gore vs  twisted sister 's Dee Snider over the issue of suggestive clear. One thing there is so much just they don't Africa's human ", "fact of the robbery. By the 1980s it was Tipper Gore vs twisted sister's Dee Snider over the issue of suggestive -- clear. One thing there is so much just they don't Africa's human bondage in ", "it was 77. Crosby. And. And came to see you. There was with their moves ladies and hair and bittersweet. Then  Twisted Sister . Why do so many record this stuff. Well. What a lot of do they're trying to almost. This double their audience ", "-- with their moves ladies and hair and bittersweet. -- Then -- Twisted Sister . Why do so many -- record this stuff. Well. What a lot of -- do -- they're trying to almost. This -- ", "female friendships it's called the  Twisted Sister  unraveling the dark legacy of female many great insights in the book the  Twisted Sister  thank you so much for being here you com. Slash GM The chapter of the  Twisted Sister  who.", "book explores the complicated fraught world of female friendships it's called the Twisted Sister -- unraveling the dark legacy of female friendships. And author Kelly -- joins us now thanks for joining it's great to be ", '-- -- Amazing -- so many great insights in the book the Twisted Sister -- thank you so much -- for being here you -- -- read chapter you can. Check out an exert on abcnews.com. Slash GM -- The chapter of the Twisted Sister who. ', "yet we take He had the songs from the sort of mid to late eighties everything from foreigner Jovi poison. You know  Twisted Sister  all these amazing They've been crafted into this great love story it's a comedy it's it is the show that your ", "mid to late eighties everything from foreigner -- Jovi poison. You know Twisted Sister all these amazing -- -- -- They've been crafted into this great love story it's a comedy it's it is the show ", 'best duet of old time it was 77. Crosby. It. There was slam with their moves hair and bittersweet. You. Then  Twisted Sister . Why do so many artists record this stuff. Well. What a lot of foresters are trying to almost. This has doubled ', 'with their moves -- -- hair and bittersweet. You. -- Then -- Twisted Sister . Why do so many artists record this stuff. Well. What a lot of foresters are trying to almost. This has doubled our ', 'old time it was 77. Crosby. And that it. There was land within moves in hair and bittersweet boost fuel. Then  Twisted Sister . Why do so many artists record this stuff. Behind. Mariah is Christmas album has sold ten million since nineteen ', 'land within moves -- in hair and bittersweet boost fuel. Then -- Twisted Sister . Why do so many artists record this stuff. Behind. Mariah is Christmas album has sold ten million since nineteen forest. Look pretty ']