['NEW DELHI/LONDON (Reuters) - The pesticide that killed 23 Indian schoolchildren last week is a nerve poison banned by many countries because of what the World Health Organization (WHO) describes as its "high acute toxicity".Full story', 'U.S. Vice President Joe Biden arrived in India on Monday on a trip that will focus on boosting trade and regional security ties and strengthening a strategic partnership that has languished in recent years. Full story', "AirAsia's new joint venture in India will begin domestic flights in October to underserved Chennai, Bangalore and Cochin cities in the south, the budget airline's Chief Executive Tony Fernandes said Wednesday. Full story", 'TrendingTunisiaUnited NationsUnited KingdomIslamismNBCNews.com homeBrowseVideoPhotos', 'Hundreds of women marched in New Delhi to mourn the death of a 23-year-old rape victim while protesters in Mumbai raided a bar serving a drink called "Rapist." NBCNews.com\'s Dara Brown reports.', 'French Defence Minister Le Drian inspects a guard of honour during his ceremonial reception in New Delhi', 'An employee counts U.S. dollar bills at a foreign exchange counter inside a bank in New Delhi', 'An employee counts U.S. dollar bills at a foreign exchange counter inside a bank in New Delhi July 23, 2013. India is considering calling on its millions of non-resident citizens to help reverse a record slide in the rupee and does not favour the idea of a global sovereign bond at this time, senior ', 'U.S. Vice President Biden gestures as he and his wife Jill arrive at the airport in New Delhi', 'U.S. Vice President Joe Biden gestures as he and his wife Jill  arrive at the airport in New Delhi July 22, 2013. Biden is on a four-day visit to India. REUTERS/Adnan Abidi', "File photo of India's chief economic adviser Rajan speaking during an interview with Reuters in New Delhi", "India's chief economic adviser Raghuram Rajan speaks during an interview with Reuters in New Delhi in this March 11, 2013 file photo. The identity of India's next central bank chief remains a matter of speculation even as Reserve Bank of India Governor Duvvuri Subbarao scrambles to support an embatt"]