["Okay. Do you ever. this morning like family as a brand new Food Network show calls as a southern kitchen that premieres on Saturday. All about family inspired recipes and includes positions it is so wonderful position to see you again have Jackie and keep in our little location yeah like it's in", "She is famous for winning three grammys reporting nine number one hit songs like country music sensation.  Trisha Yearwood  is just a biggest star in her family's kitchen as she is on the stage her brand new book He got to get this it is ", "three grammys reporting nine number one hit songs like country music sensation. Trisha Yearwood is just -- a biggest star in her family's kitchen as she is on the stage her brand new book He got ", "I'm of the rebirth ski for Good Morning America now is  Trisha Yearwood  her first cookbook it's called. Georgia cooking and Oklahoma kids and I love that it is welcome you. Who's your inspiration ", "of the rebirth ski for Good Morning America now -- -- is Trisha Yearwood her first cookbook it's called. Georgia cooking and Oklahoma kids and I love that -- -- it is welcome -- you. Who's ", 'An branch test ride species. Records. And somewhere and there they had discovered. Elvis and so my first music war was listening to Elvis Presley. could tell Elvis was the first voice I remember hearing at five or six years that. Mesmerized me and always did I mean just to hear him his voice that', 'Well yeah. An emphasis branch test species. Records. And summer and there they had discovered. Elvis and so my persons using memory war was listening to Elvis Presley. Heartbreak hotel Elvis was the first voice I remember hearing at five or six years that. Mesmerized me and always did I mean just', "We'll turn to  trisha yearwood . Country music star showing off great, diana perez on the skinny  trisha yearwood . How she dropped the weight grammy award winner and chef  trisha yearwood  has dropped 30 pounds and is still ", 'We have  trisha yearwood . A grammy winning country star, best-selling cookbook author so happy to hear that support. Thoughts and prayers going out.  Trisha yearwood , season three of trisha\'s "southern kitchen" premieres on the ', 'We have trisha yearwood . A grammy winning country star, best-selling cookbook author and host of a show. "Southern kitchen" about to start its third season. We\'re ', 'they\'re so happy to hear that support. Thoughts and prayers going out. Trisha yearwood , season three of trisha\'s "southern kitchen" premieres on the food network. Get her recipes on goodmorningamerica.Com on yahoo!. ', 'planner planner, that\'s a -- whoo. One tiny hint. Yes, dear. I\'ll let her know that\'s what she should do. A phenomenal movie. "Epic." Opens nationwide this weekend. Coming up the always lovely  trisha yearwood  dishing on some', 'phenomenal movie. "Epic." Opens nationwide this weekend. Coming up the always lovely trisha yearwood dishing on some ', 'hospital. Suing them over what he claims is a half million dollar donation gone awry with his wife country singer  Trisha Yearwood  by his side. Brooks showed up at court Tuesday to get his money back. three years have been taking this crap from ', 'a half million dollar donation gone awry with his wife country singer Trisha Yearwood by his side. Brooks showed up at court Tuesday to get his money back. -- three years have been taking this crap ']