['Sign In / Register NowSign OutMy AccountMembers Only DealsMembers Only DealsMy BookingGroup TravelContact Us', 'Book a Discount Air Asia Flight!A low-cost airline based in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, Air Asia (AK) offers excellent service and facilities at very competitive rates. One of the largest low fare airlines in Asia, Air Asia flight operated domestic and international flights to destination across Asia. With Air Asia flight you can fly to destinations including Hong Kong, Siem Reap, Jakarta, Kuala Lumpur, Bangkok, Phuket, Ho Chi Minh City and Tiruchirapalli to name a few.Book Air Asia tickets on OneTravel and enjoy ultimate comforts and luxury onboard. Whether you are flying to a domestic or an international destination, with Air Asia you will always enjoy a comfortable flight. Travelers can relax in extra-wide seats with head rest and more leg room. Savor mouthwatering dishes, variety of light snacks. Sip coffee, tea, soft drinks and order from a wide list of alcoholic beverages. Air Asia passengers are provided with personal video screen where you can watch movies, music videos, documentaries, listen to your favorite genre of music and play games. Shop for gifts, souvenirs and more at the on board duty free shop. That is not all; with Air Asia you may also check in online, print your boarding passes from the comfort of your home or office. Find Air Asia deals on OneTravel and save on airline tickets.', 'In the unlikely event that you find a lower rate on OneTravel or on another U.S.-based website within 4 hours of booking with OneTravel.com, we will credit or refund you the difference. Should you contact us after 4 hours but no later than 24 hours, we will give you a US$50.00 coupon good on a future booking at OneTravel.com. The Low Fare Promise is subject to the terms and conditions listed below. This offer is good for website bookings only, and not on phone bookings. ', 'Fares are roundtrip and include all fuel surcharges, our service fees and taxes. ', '    Tickets are nonrefundable, nontransferable, non-assignable. Name changes are not permitted. Fares are subject to change without notice. Fares subject to availability. There is a higher probability of seats being available at this fare on Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday, and may require a Saturday night stay at your destination. Lowest fares may require an advance purchase of up to 21 days. Certain blackout dates may apply. Holidays and weekend travel may have a surcharge. Other restrictions may apply. ', ' Savings are indicated off the full unrestricted published airfare of major scheduled airlines. The discounts vary based on availability, advance notice, minimum stay, travel dates and blackout dates, and deals may change from time to time without notice. Most of these discounted fares are non-refundable and have restrictions on date/routing changes. Fares are roundtrip and include fuel surcharges, our service fees and taxes. Additional terms and conditions may apply.', 'Enter Promo at time of check out.   Promo code provides $15 or the amount of the promo code, discount for stated routes against our service fees.  Use of Promo code is in addition to any applicable instant savings offers.  Actual amount of discount varies based on the service fees charged.  Service fee discount will be up to the amount of the service fees charged less any applicable instant savings for that transaction or the value of the promo code, whichever is less. Promo code expires on date stated and can be withdrawn without notice.    ', '\tStates in which OneTravel.com is required to hold a license to sell travel services are: ']