['PITTSBURGH (AP) -- The  United Steelworkers  have announced a tentative agreement on a three-year contract with ArcelorMittal USA covering nearly 14,000 workers. The union ', 'the company. "David Foster was never an employee of GST Steel\'s Kansas City plant. He was employed by the  United Steelworkers  of America as their regional union director to represent GST Steel, but was not employed at our facility," according ', 'across party lines, according to a national survey commissioned by the Alliance for American Manufacturing and the  United Steelworkers . "On the federal level if we can expose where we can see tax dollars leaking overseas we can reverse it because ', "struggling paper plant. The one-time factory worker has long since moved out of Indiana and is now employed by the  United Steelworkers  in Pittsburgh. He believes that with unemployment as the focus of the 2012 presidential race, Romney's tenure ", 'the Joint Committee on Deficits is also a joint committee on jobs," House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi told the  United Steelworkers  Conference in Las Vegas Monday. "We must take the discussions of how to reduce the deficit to the higher ground ', 'action Tuesday, seven months after the United States launched an investigation following a complaint from the  United Steelworkers . The action is significant because of intense competition between U.S. and Chinese manufacturers of clean energy ', 'and Sharyn Alfonsi. The publisher and real-estate magnate Mort Zuckerman, Chrystia Freeland of Reuters and  United Steelworkers  President Leo Gerard will discuss how America can generate more jobs in a competitive global economy. From unrest ', 'President as well as AFL-CIO President Rich Trumka, United Food and Commercial Workers President Joe Hansen,  United Steelworkers  President Leo Gerard and American Federation of Teachers President Randi Weingarten, among others. END OF ', 'serious questions about whether all of this is fair. The Obama Administration is now investigating claims by the  United Steelworkers  Union about whether China is giving its companies an unfair boost as they compete in the global marketplace. Though ', 'dozen of the hundreds of workers who were laid off starting in March are back, says Mike Woods, president of  United Steelworkers  Local 1938. About 960 workers were rehired. Woods says people are feeling more confident. "We live for ', 'trade policies and government inaction," said  United Steelworkers  president Leo Gerard. "President Obama made clear trade laws and stand with American workers." The  United Steelworkers , which represents tire workers, said the surge ', '300000. Dollars for safety violations at the refinery that led to that last accident. And now officials of the  united steelworkers  union. Whose members work at many of those refineries are calling on congress to ban the use of that chemical ', 'refinery that led to that last accident. And now officials of the united steelworkers union. Whose members work at many of those refineries are calling on congress to ban the use of that chemical. ', 'will that impact be. Joining me again here in the museum ABC news colleague David The object president of the  united steelworkers  a failure in the global editor but not for Thomson Reuters and Mort Zuckerman editor in chief of US news and world ', '-- ABC news colleague David -- The object -- president of the united steelworkers -- a failure in the global editor but not for Thomson Reuters and Mort Zuckerman editor in chief of US news and ', 'people back to work so joining me to discuss that it is my ABC news colleague David Muir. You job president of the  united steelworkers  a freelance. Global editor at large for Thomson Reuters and Mort Zuckerman editor in chief of US news and world ', 'my ABC news colleague David Muir. You -- job president of the united steelworkers -- a freelance. Global editor at large for Thomson Reuters and Mort Zuckerman editor in chief of US news and world report. ', "tunnel out and he's to operate air. It's. I don't fill up on Chuck well and he's proud member of the  united steelworkers  union the world champions. Seem great there. I don't I can't wait that's right well and I think the idea ", "fill up on Chuck -- well and he's proud member of the united steelworkers union -- the world champions. Seem great there. -- I don't I can't wait that's right well and I think the idea ", "fisherman and a production operator in the oil fields of Alaska's north slope. And I'm proud member of the  united steelworkers  union and. Hi is world champions snow machine racer and the Halloween is you eskimo ancestry in an all makes for ", "oil fields of Alaska's north slope. And I'm proud member of the united steelworkers union and. Hi is -- world champions snow machine racer and the Halloween is you -- eskimo ancestry in an all makes ", "fisherman and a production operator in the oil fields of Alaska's north slope. And I'm proud member of the  united steelworkers  union and. Okay. They world champions snow machine racer and. That's okay. Number 1820. Yeah Dana isn't ", "oil fields of Alaska's north slope. And I'm proud member of the united steelworkers union and. Okay. They -- world champions snow machine racer and. That's okay. Number 1820. Yeah Dana isn't it okay yeah. We ", 'votes was approved today by local leaders of the  united steelworkers  union. The agreement is a victory for outgoing block agreement. The grass roots leaders from 600  united steelworkers  union locals voted 190 forward and 99. To accept ', "rejected by five votes was approved today by local leaders of the united steelworkers union. The agreement is a victory for outgoing union president I W able it could affect prices and wages and a wide range of industries the contract provides not only -- wage increase but is a step toward lifetime security for the 340000. Steel workers. Bill downs has a report. After beating back a union dissident attempt to block agreement. The grass roots leaders from 600 united steelworkers union locals voted 190 forward and 99. To accept a new three year labor contract with the nation's ten biggest dealmakers. Steelworkers "]