['No. 8 Oklahoma producing all-around dominance entering showdown against No. 5 Notre Dame', "This is how dominant No. 8 Oklahoma has been leading up to Saturday night's showdown against No. 5 Notre Dame: At times during a 52-7 blowout against Kansas, even de...", 'No. 5 Notre Dame scores final 17 points, beats No. 8 Oklahoma 30-13 to remain undefeated', "Manti Te'o and No. 5 Notre Dame don't care whether people believe in them or not. They're just out to keep winning.Everett Golson threw for 177 yards and plunged in ...", "With hopes of winning the Big 12 Conference still alive, the 12th-ranked Oklahoma Sooners hit the road for Saturday's regular-season finale against the TCU Horned Fr...", "The Baylor Bears make the trek to Norman for this Saturday's Big 12 Conference showdown with the 14th-ranked Oklahoma Sooners.Talk about a team at polar opposites wh...", 'The 107th meeting in the Bedlam Series takes place in Norman this Saturday, as the 22nd-ranked Oklahoma State Cowboys tangle with the 14th-ranked Oklahoma Sooners.Ok...', "For a team that went six years without losing at home, struggles on the road were always magnified at Oklahoma.That's starting to turn around.The No. 13 Sooners (7-2...", 'Landry Jones threw for 222 yards and a pair of touchdowns, as No. 4 Oklahoma bounced back from a sluggish start to down Texas-El Paso, 24-7, in the season opener for...', '2011 SEASON IN REVIEW: Oklahoma won its first six games of the 2011 campaign, all by double figures, and that included a 3-0 start to Big 12 Conference play. The sig...', "Arguably the biggest victory in Bill Snyder's long, successful tenure at Kansas State came against the program that has otherwise caused him the most problems.It was...", 'A little later than planned, Oklahoma is heading back to the football field.The Sooners started spring practice Monday after a two-week delay because coach Bob Stoop...', 'Indiana athletic director Fred Glass promised to pay the going rate for a new football coach.A seven-year, $8.4 million contract did just the trick.On Tuesday, the H...', 'The chances that Texas will return to the BCS championship game for a second straight year are greatly diminished, if not gone, after a humiliating rout at home.That...', 'Home field not much of an advantage as road teams have winning record in Big 12 play', "There's proving to be no home-field advantage in the Big 12 this season.Road teams are on track to have a winning record for the first time in the conference's histo...", 'No. 14 Sooners seek to make amends for worst defensive outing ever against high-powered Baylor', "Javon Harris just couldn't wait to sneak an extra peek at the Baylor offense that caused him and the rest of Oklahoma's defense so many problems a year ago.So, in th...", "DeMarco Murray arrived at Oklahoma with the daunting task of following in Adrian Peterson's fast, powerful footsteps.Steadily and sometimes spectacularly, he's earni...", "Watching film of their two previous, disastrous trips to the Fiesta Bowl back at the team hotel, Oklahoma's players didn't cringe, didn't get that here-we-go-again f...", 'Few teams in the Big 12 go into a league game expecting a defensive slugfest.But old-school defense is making a comeback, at least among teams with realistic shots a...', "The wide grins came naturally for Oklahoma's players as they passed around the Golden Hat trophy, celebrating a third straight victory over rival Texas.Their heads f...", 'Raised stakes and contempt bred by familiarity. Conference play is different, and at this point it becomes the focus of the college football season.The Big 12 starts...', "The Big 12's attention is on Kansas State's national championship dreams, yet there is plenty left to be decided in the conference over the final weeks.Six teams are..."]