['Actor starred opposite Gary Coleman and Todd Bridges on the iconic 1980s series.', "We remember  Gary Coleman  tonight the onetime child TV star the diminutive actor a big star.  Gary Coleman  won over America as the adorable Arnold Jackson in the series  different strokes  I've never seen a black more. thought ", "We remember Gary Coleman tonight the onetime child TV star whose adult life was so tragic. Died today after suffering a brain hemorrhage He was just 42 years old -- -- -- It was that tax rates dropped out. That look good made the diminutive actor a big star. Gary Coleman won over America as the adorable Arnold Jackson in the -- series different strokes I've never seen a black -- -- more. -- thought He saw Rick -- and it. The role written for him. And ", "different strokes  died today report. And  Gary Coleman 's life the sitcom  different strokes  if you were knew whom  Gary Coleman  was. eight his time on  different strokes . First season prodigy really  Conrad Bain  played his ", "The death of a child star Gary Coleman . Who has a boy provided so much amusement so many laughs on the hit show different strokes died today in Utah hospital two days. After suffering a brain hemorrhage she was just. 42 years old we battled illness throughout his life. And while that story line is too familiar -- famous kids struggling to find his way as an adult only to die young. Each time it's just as tragic picking -- -- -- report. And Gary Coleman's life had all the makings of a hit TV show comedy. Drama tragedy. He was the child star of the sitcom different strokes if you were watching TV in the eighties you knew whom Gary Coleman was. -- eight seasons He was on top thirty million people watched him week after week and we all knew that phrase. ", "Eleven years ago Sylvia chase and ABC news's 20/20. Caught up with Gary Coleman while He was working as a celebrity spokesman for California restaurant. I'm not ashamed to make an an honest living a dollar is a dollar whether it's a thousand -- -- -- them. Whether it's you know work as a security officer which I have done and I am not ashamed of it gets -- -- That's a good game -- It was a far cry from the celebrity money He was making during his time on different strokes . First season was 15100 dollars per episode. Then 20000. Then 40000. Until eventually and somewhere along the line it became 70000 dollars per show per show. Exists it just kept growing and growing and growing what you -- Music prodigy really Conrad Bain played his adoptive father mr. Drummond He had comedy timing. Right from the first -- and end -- first episode I've never ", "lot of money grossing some eighteen million dollars during his years on different strokes . And his parents as his personal managers took the biggest cut 20%. Between that and all the other staking their cuts Gary Coleman was left with almost nothing. Why He -- up with some little. I don't know I'm not a bookkeeper I'm that was ", 'different strokes . And ironically stardom.  Gary Coleman  who played looking at  Gary Coleman . He was hit sitcom  different strokes  welcome finished at last  different strokes  on the story different strokes  the story really.  Conrad Bain  plead the ', "overdose. As a child she has starred in the hit comedy series different strokes . And ironically she's not the only one from that show this -- the troubled existence since -- heady days of stardom. Gary Coleman who played Arnold has had his share of problems to. What is it about child stars -- so many of them end up broke her broken. Sylvia chase tells us Gary Coleman's story He lost nearly everything is money his fame is promising career. But never his indomitable spirit. -- If you were watching television in the eighties you're looking at Gary Coleman . He was the precocious Arnold hit sitcom different strokes welcome. Gentlemen -- will. Not main -- back. The series was canceled thirteen years ago in Gary Coleman was largely forgotten. Until He was arrested in Hawthorne California and hauled into court earlier this year. Charged with assaulting a -- ", "personalities. It this is the staged it we finished at last -- different strokes on the story and Gary Coleman's rise in -- is -- Hollywood classic. About a star who makes millions as a child. Only to discover as an adult that his fortune has vanished. Today. Coleman works for wages and not always in the movies I'm not ashamed of making it an honest living a dollar is a dollar whether it's a thousand -- -- -- them. Whether it's you know work as a security officer which I have done and I am not ashamed of -- gets stuff. Well Gary Coleman used to make millions laugh on TV. Today He -- only a few at a time at hollow world camp -- Arrest ", "it can get big. But it did when -- was cast in different strokes the story of a widowed millionaire who adopts two Brothers from Harlem. -- -- -- It is a prodigy really. Conrad Bain plead the -- but gentle adoptive father He had comedy timing right from the first. Lyon and -- first episode I've never seen a black don't -- more. All right might end -- There was a pretty much an instant success for NBC. Garth -- here today is president of NBC entertainment. A 21 year old rookie back then. And -- was the network executive in charge of different strokes for NBC Gary was mega star. In prime time because. He had the highest rated comedy on -- network. Gary Coleman . Geary won a people's choice award for years running. Gary. Almost became the four -- been missing important conference call this the small. Very -- very articulate -- Well that's -- in -- big years. Thirty million watched Gary Coleman week after week. And He got raise after raise from 15100 dollars per episode the first season He went to 20000. Then ", 'just four feet eight inches and well. It was on the TV  different strokes  that Coleman gained instant pain for eight seasons He television her few more tragic stories than that of  Gary Coleman . Alex ABC news Los Angeles.', 'four feet eight inches and well. It was on the TV -- different strokes that Coleman gained instant pain for eight seasons He played the wise cracking but lovable Arnold Jackson. Adopted son of a wealthy ', "This is something  Gary Coleman  had a birthday yesterday. Connect you have the day off.  Gary Coleman  is 42 years old you'd think he'd be charge and addressing the media. Like only  Gary Coleman  can. Yes in my birthday and it's going ", "This is something Gary Coleman had a birthday yesterday. Connect you have the day off. Gary Coleman is 42 years old you'd think he'd be taller but. His birthday in not courthouse in -- top pleading guilty to a domestic battery charge and addressing the media. Like only Gary Coleman can. Yes in my birthday and it's going to be. -- brother and I you're here -- -- here. -- -- they ", "Because I won't rest until it does happen. Does anyone wishing that Gary Coleman . ", "Gary Coleman . He went eight on the insider He went a little crazy kind of He was finally had enough That would amenities and that doesn't look like the  Gary Coleman  we know and love look at how this heating the Soledad. Somebody heating ", "Gary Coleman . He went eight on the insider He went a little crazy kind of -- He was on the show. And they were grilling and they had an attorney on their grilling him about whether or not He had ever abused his wife and He finally had enough -- That would -- amenities and that doesn't look like the Gary Coleman we know and love look at how this heating the Soledad. Somebody heating -- yeah that's just here. Hate him I don't ", 'home. Yeah.  Gary Coleman  won hearts playing eighties sitcom  different strokes . With that inimitable committed suicide.  Todd Bridges  battled drug an occasional  different strokes  cast member tweeted only forty or TV  Gary Coleman  courted by enough ', "Sad news from the entertainment world. Gary Coleman died yesterday after being taken off life support He -- -- -- -- -- home. And suffered a head injury last week Stephanie -- has a look back at the former child stars often tumultuous life. The short in stature but always larger than life what do you do -- -- home. Yeah. Gary Coleman won hearts playing the precocious Arnold Jackson in the eighties sitcom different strokes . With that inimitable line and tell -- and -- in durable power. Why didn't He I just want my -- He -- ", "Weren't those still remember him -- his -- Janet Jackson an occasional different strokes cast member tweeted I want to remember him as the fund gleefully adorable and affectionate -- He was. He has left a lasting legacy the comic wonder spent his whole life buying time. But they -- only forty or -- TV Gary Coleman courted by enough. -- -- -- Good Morning America Stephanie signing EBC news New York. ", "different strokes  child star child star  Gary Coleman . Who has hit show  different strokes  died today report. And  Gary Coleman 's life the sitcom  different strokes  if you were different strokes . First season prodigy really  Conrad Bain  played his ", 'On Nightline -- complicated life -- that different strokes child star who made America laugh did you -- -- Today at just 42 years old we look at his childhood in ', "Moran where to Begin tonight with the death of a child star Gary Coleman . Who has a boy provided so much amusement so many laughs on the hit show different strokes died today in -- Utah hospital two days. After suffering a brain hemorrhage she was just 42 years old we battled illness throughout his life. And while that story line is too familiar -- famous kid struggling to find his way as an adult only to die young. Each time it's just as tragic the -- -- report. And Gary Coleman's life had all the makings of a hit TV show comedy drama. Tragedy. -- He was the child star of the sitcom different strokes if you were watching TV in the eighties you knew whom Gary Coleman was. -- eight seasons He was on top thirty million people watched him week after week and we all knew that phrase. ", "Eleven years ago Sylvia chase of ABC news's 20/20 caught up with Gary Coleman while He was working as a celebrity spokesman for California restaurant. I'm not ashamed of making an honest living a dollar is a dollar whether it's a thousand -- -- hundred. Whether it's you know work as a security officer which I have done and I am not ashamed of the gets to talk. I don't think that's a good game can explain -- It was a far cry from the celebrity money was making during his time on different strokes . First season was 15100 dollars per episode then 20000. -- 40000. Until He eventually. And somewhere along the line and became 70000 dollars per show per show exists it just kept growing and growing and growing. -- -- -- Music prodigy really Conrad Bain played his adoptive father mr. Drummond He had comedy timing right from the first. Lyon and -- first episode. I've never seen ", 'Involve the actor  Gary Coleman  of course very famous for  different strokes . He is now has slipped into a coma and He is on life support at Utah hospital this is the latest update in the story. On Wednesday ', 'Involve the actor Gary Coleman of course very famous for different strokes . He is now has slipped into a coma and He is on life support at -- Utah hospital this is the latest ', 'child star  Gary Coleman  has been rushed to Utah hospital. You became a star on  different strokes  is in critical condition after reportedly injuring his head Jeremy Hubbard has the story. I followed him from chubby cheeked child ', '-- child star Gary Coleman has been rushed to Utah hospital. You became a star on different strokes is in critical condition after reportedly injuring his head -- Jeremy Hubbard has the story. -- -- I followed him from chubby ', 'agreement was ever made them easterners are hardly the first Hollywood parent child feud over money. Yeah.  Different strokes  out.  Gary Coleman  was embroiled in legal action against his parents claiming they mismanaged his money and left him broke ', 'easterners are hardly the first Hollywood parent child feud over money. Yeah. Different strokes out. Gary Coleman was embroiled in legal action against his parents claiming they mismanaged his money and left him broke. Coleman won the case and ', 'summer\'s raunchiest teddy bear, ted. I\'m a former celebrity in a minimum-wage job. This is how the cast of " different strokes " feels. There\'s a lot of voices inside of you. Have they always been inside of you? In one form or another ', 'former celebrity in a minimum-wage job. This is how the cast of " different strokes " feels. There\'s a lot of voices inside of you. Have they always been inside of you? In one form or another. Maybe ', 'awards ceremony. This is Conrad mr. Drummond from  different strokes  but he passed away be captivating night. He died real life and an amazing bothering your 179 episodes  different strokes  which ran by the way from 1978. 1986. Do you feel ', 'get the awards ceremony. This is -- Conrad -- mr. Drummond from different strokes but he passed away be captivating night. He died Monday night at -- -- according to TMZ details scant but his daughter. Confirm the news and said -- an amazing person a lot like mr. Drummond but. Much more interest in real life and an amazing bothering your -- 179 episodes -- different strokes which ran by the way from 1978. -- 1986. Do you feel now. I always tell us reinforces. Team -- -- the ', "that's but I thought it was cool Alan was a very successful TV. Composer did you know that He wrote the scenes to but  different strokes  and the fact of life however He did not write the team. Of his own show and this of course is it is lottery jackpot ", 'TV. Composer did you know that He wrote the scenes to but different strokes and the fact of life however He did not write the team. Of his own show and this of course is it ', "for an Emmy in 2007 months her appearances on Desperate Housewives. And she also had a role on the classic sitcom  different strokes  because of death hasn't been released she was seven years old. And finally from us the Dallas cowboys' former ", "Desperate Housewives. And she also had a role on the classic sitcom different strokes because of death hasn't been released she was seven years old. And finally from us the Dallas cowboys' former stadium became a ", 'they they have a good morning. And sexy it does tend to sound. Not everyone loving is ready to order a rates in  different strokes  for. And although public opinion homeowners Bruce late and Joseph Garcia have big plans for lattes. We plan on opening ', 'Not everyone -- loving is ready to order a -- rates in different strokes for. And although public opinion -- homeowners Bruce -- late -- and Joseph Garcia have big plans for -- lattes. We plan ', "unexpected emotional yeah. You couldn't come at a better time to get her acting talent won her other role functions like  different strokes . Needs. Think the television series fame. But then Joseph changed his mind about the direction of his daughter's ", "time to get her acting talent won her other role functions like different strokes . Needs. Think the television series fame. But then Joseph changed his mind about the direction of his daughter's career. My father said ", "emotional enough. You could come at a better time to get. Her acting talent won her other role function of like  different strokes . television series fame but then Joseph changed his mind about the direction of his daughter's career. My father ", "to get. Her acting talent won her other role function of like different strokes . -- -- television series fame but then Joseph changed his mind about the direction of his daughter's career. My father Satan. But ", "TV was on an suddenly your. know about it yeah I was kind of nervous I was like an eternity and you watch like the  different strokes  stuff and you wanna cry and parents of Seattle. Things that happened not go sit down there and I'm I'm watts ", "of nervous I was like an eternity and you watch like the different strokes stuff and you wanna cry and parents of Seattle. Things that happened not go sit down there and I'm I'm watts on "]