['From 3D graphics to biometric scans: How your smartphone will get smarter - CNN.com', "We all have our fantasies, we just don't always make them public. But for these tech-savvy designers, sharing their wildest dreams and making them a reality is what it's all about. So, here are 12 of the weirdest and most wonderful phone concepts from the last few years. ", "Some might be made, most probably won't, but we can all indulge in a a flight of fancy from time to time. For American designer Michael Laut, the Radia concept phone is all about simplicity: Sleek, circular, transparent, touch-sensitive and small enough to slide in his top pocket.", "Russian designer Ilshat Garipov's Kambala phone has a centerpiece that can be popped out and used to clip the phone to the ear. This phone has the camouflage qualities of a chameleon: As an earpiece it changes color to imitate your skin.", 'The Philips Fluid concept phone by Brazilian designer Dinard de Mata has a bendy organic light-emitting diode, which means it can be wrapped around the wrist as a watch or bracelet or used like a regular mobile phone.', "Ukrainian designer Aleksandr Mukomelov's Mobile Script phone has one traditional touchscreen and one extendable, flexible screen that stiffens with electric current, perfect for watching films and sending emails.", "Shikun Sun's DrawBraille phone uses braille finger pads and a display screen with mechanically-raised dots to facilitate communication for the visually impaired.", "Russian designer Kamil Izrailov's multi-faceted Mobikoma is made from multiple blocks that fasten together with micro locks. Each block can then be used individually or collectively as a phone or tablet.", 'The Rollerphone by Alexey Chugunnikov is a futuristic watch with a retractable transparent screen at the base. The screen unfurls to the tip of your fingers making it a perfect fit between ear and mouth.', "Jinyoung Choi's iPhone Pro concept was designed with photography aficionados in mind. It comes with a detachable DSLR lens, speaker/microphone and projector.", "At first glance Ryan Harc's Maple Phone is nothing but a block of wood. But, sensitive to touch, it transforms into a sleek mobile phone with slide-out display, mp3 player and digital camera.", 'If Facebook made a phone this is what Polish industrial designer Michal Bonikowski thinks it should look like. It features a front and back camera, Facebook home button as well as a Facebook cloud storage service, that could offer up to 100GB of space.', 'This mobile phone-cum-projector by Italian designer Stefano Casanova has a rotatable screen with a micro-light projector that allows users to view their display on any flat surface.', "Korean designer Seunggi Baek's Bubble Phone gives users the best of two worlds. It has a full-length touchscreen on one side and a raised bubble keypad on the reverse. The screen is transparent so users can flip the phone and use it whichever way they want.", 'Daniel Burrus looks at six big developments that will revolutionize smartphones over the next decade', "Burrus predicts 3D displays will become the norm, and won't require special glasses", 'Your smartphone will be your wallet and biometrics will keep your valuable information secure, he says', "Editor's note: Daniel Burrus is a leading futurist on tech trends and innovation. He is the author of six books, including the New York Times best seller Flash Foresight. ", "(CNN) -- Today's smartphones are much more than phones -- they are powerful, networked multimedia computers, and over the next 10 years they'll get far more advanced. As a result, mobility is transforming many day-to-day processes -- including how we sell, communicate, collaborate, train, and educate.", 'Here are six key technological developments that will revolutionize the smartphone over the next decade.', "Your smartphone will have a 3-D display and a 3-D web browser, and you won't need special glasses to view it. So instead of just viewing web pages on your smart phone, you'll be able to go into environments (or stores or showrooms) and maneuver around in them, just as you do on devices like the Xbox.", "Alternatively, you'll be able to see things sticking out from the screen, again without the special glasses. So the 3-D web on your smartphone will be a game-changer for business.", 'Rather than have to remember numerous passwords, you will be able to access data and sites on your smartphone using multiple biometric authentications. Advanced screen resolution and sensors on the phone will make this possible.', "For example, when you touch the screen, it will recognize you based on your fingerprint. In addition, your phone's front-facing camera will use facial recognition to identify you. Everyone's voice is unique, so voice recognition will also be part of the identification/security process.", "How you handle the phone -- your keystrokes and touch/maneuver patterns -- are also unique. The number of biometrics used will depend on the level of security you want based on what you are doing. For example, if you're accessing your Facebook account, you may only want one biometric for authentication. However, if you're doing a high-level security activity (such as banking via your smartphone), you'll likely want to use multiple biometrics.", 'Your smartphone will become your wallet. Credit cards are easy, but e-wallets are easier. Currently, Google has a mobile wallet that works with Citi MasterCard, and in the future it will work with other credit cards. It is secure and enables you to make payments with your smartphone.', 'In the near future, as every financial service firm gets into mobile payments, you will move very quickly from a leather wallet to a smartphone wallet. One example of an enabling technology is NFC -- near-field communications chips -- which are being built into smart phones as you read this article. They allow for secure and easy payment, so be ready for it.', "Your ultra intelligent agent will get smarter. The first ultra intelligent agent was Apple's Siri. As Siri-like agents advance, they will turn into personal assistants and will be able to search the web for you and bring back focused, highly relevant information based on how long you have used your e-agent and how well it knows you.", "In other words, your ultra intelligent agent will know your preferences, your likes, and your needs and will automatically compile, present, and share what's pertinent to you.", "Additionally, your ultra intelligent agent will have a face when you are looking at the screen and a personality that you choose. You'll even see celebrities licensing the rights to their digital likeness and personality to be used as ultra intelligent agents.", 'Think of the screen-less smart phone like the little piece of jewelry people wore on the old Star Trek TV show.', 'Some of your smartphones will be screen-less. The traditional smartphone with a screen will not go away, but you will have an option for a screen-less smartphone. This will be a very popular and highly adopted smartphone because without the screen, you get rid of much of the need for a big battery.', 'Think of the screen-less smartphone like the little piece of jewelry people wore on the old "Star Trek" TV show. The screen-less smartphone will be touch and voice activated. When you tap it, you\'ll be connected to your ultra intelligent agent, which is part of a super computer in the cloud. Whatever you need, your ultra intelligent agent will be able to verbally give you the information, such as turn-by-turn directions, reading your email to you and so on.', 'Your smartphone will interface with smart surfaces. We are already seeing the beginning of using touch and voice-operated intelligent screens as tabletop computers that can access the internet. Simply by placing your smartphone on these surfaces, the two will link together. Additionally, your ultra intelligent agent will flow from your smartphone to the screen.', "This is just a small sampling of what we'll see for future smartphone technology. All of these advancements are in their early stages today. So keep in mind that if it can be done, it will be done. The question is, who will be first?", 'Mobile World Congress offered up robotic balls, GPS walking sticks and more than its fair share of unexpected uses for digital technology.', 'With many smartphone users groaning about battery performance, scientists are racing to design phones that never need to be charged.', '3D screens, flamenco dancers and endless batteries: all the latest innovations being unveiled at Mobile World Congress in Barcelona.', "Yahoo's decision to curtail remote working has stirred dismay at a time when many companies are striving to enable telecommuting.", 'The industry has repeatedly promised a "mobile advertising tipping point," but mobile advertising is yet to come of age.', "Didn't we tell you that the lines between smartphones and tablets are blurred? Case in point: the Asus Fonepad, a 7-inch tablet that's also a phone.", "In the not-too-distant future, you'll receive a full diagnosis and cure from your smartphone before you have even realized you're unwell.", "The next generation is just a few weeks away for the world's hottest smartphone without a piece of fruit on it.", "CNN's Kristie Lu Stout explores Barcelona, Spain -- home of the Mobile World Congress 2013 -- using only her smartphone.", "As CNN heads to Mobile World Congress 2013, we're asking readers what features they want to see on the phones of the future.", 'Is it time to start carrying two mobile phones? At least one manufacturer is hoping more people might soon be relying on multiple mobiles. ', "In the future we will have screens not just in the palm of our hands, but all around us, according to Google's Director of Android User Experience.", 'Wearing spectacles that record our every move could be the end of privacy as we know it, says internet commentator Andrew Keen.']