['The HTC One, unveiled on Tuesday, has a 4.7-inch display screen, runs Android and has a souped-up "UltraPixel" camera.', "(CNN) -- HTC's new flagship smartphone, the One, is an impressive bit of hardware and a big step forward for the company in three significant ways.", "The One is a top-notch, beautifully designed handset packed with the best specs and a ton of compelling features. It also runs a unique, fresh take on Google's Android operating system. And it's available in exactly the same configuration across the three major U.S. carriers. This is the phone that could close the gap between HTC's flagship and those from Apple and Samsung.", "We spent a couple of hours with the One before its big unveiling in New York today, and were thoroughly impressed by the luxurious materials used on the handset, the expert build quality holding it all together, and a slew of thoughtfully crafted software features. Although the phone carries the branding established last year with the One X, One S, and other HTC phones, the One amounts to a reboot of the company's vision for Android. The One X, HTC's previous flagship, won critical praise, but as an AT&T exclusive it failed to generate the sales the company had hoped for.", '"We think about the One X and we think \'Wow, it was big, and it was one of the best phones we\'ve ever done,\'" Scott Croyle, HTC\'s vice president of design, said. "But if I were to compare it to, say, other stuff that was out there, I wouldn\'t say it was a step-change different."', '"I think we came to this recognition that, \'Wow, there are these two other companies that are going to spend a lot more money than HTC,\'" Croyle said. "This is the reality of the business. They have much deeper pockets and they can carpet bomb the industry and they have a tremendous amount of inertia there, particularly with Apple in the U.S. So, for the One, we really had to get it right, we really had to just go for it."', "The touchscreen dominates the front of the One, with aluminum capping each end. Rows of pinholes are machined into each strip of aluminum, serving as pathways for sound coming from a set of dual front-facing speakers. Every phone speaker we've ever heard has sounded like hell. While the One won't replace your Jambox anytime soon, its onboard speakers sound immensely better than anything we've heard from a phone. Inside, the One features a 1.7GHz, quad-core Qualcomm Snapdragon CPU, 2GB of RAM, and NFC chip, Bluetooth 4.0 and connectivity to both HSPA and LTE networks.", '"If you want regular Android, it\'s there," Croyle said. "But, everybody\'s snacking on information, whether it\'s from their social networks or some news source that they\'re just interested in. So [BlinkFeed] really is geared around that recognition of how people are actually using their phones."', 'Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT! Click here!']