["two kids. The  singer  sat down with  usher  with oprah in 9834;  usher  didn't hold Reporter: The  r & b  mega star opening Reporter:  Usher  said while they Reporter: But the  singer  said the relationship Reporter:  Usher  now says he's ", "I just 31 years old  Usher Raymond  the fourth has already sold more than forty million albums worldwide and collected five.  Grammy  Awards now he's got a new album Raymond vs Raymond it's called ", "I just 31 years old Usher Raymond the fourth has already sold more than forty million albums worldwide and collected five. Grammy Awards -- now he's got a new album Raymond vs Raymond it's called hitting stores next week. He -- -- been called ", "is back. With a new album you.  R & B  superstar  Usher Raymond  the fourth has the boys and what determination and their father.  Usher  has become an entrepreneur or and he's back and would of success  usher  says this is just the beginning ", 'years of his life He is back. With a new album you. R & B superstar Usher Raymond the fourth has the boys and what He calls the swagger. A style so distinctive He only needs one name because the ', "call for music superstar  usher  who frantically dialed for so bad in fact. The  singer  had to call 911. haven't newly released 911 call  usher  appears to be whispering arrested June 24 after the  R & B  star called 911. Police headaches something the  singer  deny. That person believes ", "female fan apparently hasn't bad for -- so bad in fact. The singer had to call 911. -- -- -- -- -- -- -- haven't tried them on the front door. And let him -- -- -- In his newly released 911 call usher appears to be whispering. As he explains to a dispatcher that he's -- for Stanley safety. Children at home. I don't answer the telephone down and down this volatility at least to conclude English. TMZ says the woman identified as -- L Jones -- -- -- big cheese -- what he. She was arrested June 24 after the R & B star called 911. Police reportedly found her sitting on his front porch for iPad plug in for second trip to his house that day. And who didn't. Want. This settlement. -- -- They're actually out. In this rant posted on YouTube -- straw says ushered invited her to his house. And -- often closer to complain about ankle pain and headaches something the singer deny. That person believes that they have a relationship with the celebrity that the celebrity wants them around. And it can grow ", 'hilary swank attended a birthday party for this president known for a slew of issues. She apologized and beyonce, 50 cent,  usher  and mariah carey all performed at events reportedly linked to libyan leader moammar gadhafi. Most of these are really speed ', 'known for a slew of issues. She apologized and beyonce, 50 cent, usher and mariah carey all performed at events reportedly linked to libyan leader moammar gadhafi. Most of these are really speed bumps and ', "Billy and old charmer is still charmer doesn't come to  usher  who is here Patrick. And. It's true and it's not just about the dance it's one thing to be in doing a great.  R & B  show and doing the things that you do it's another thing ", "the dance it's one thing to be in -- doing a great. R & B show and doing the things that you do it's another thing to do it on -- -- want to show everybody a ", 'done at all from  Grammy  winning  R & B  albums to television music superstar  usher  is on fire his puffy music moguls  usher  for stardom. magic the mid nineties  usher  has released a creation your son.  Usher Raymond  I I and He said ', 'The Renaissance man He has done at all from Grammy winning R & B albums to television to Broadway. It has been four years since is very successful last album but -- is here this morning to tell us all about his new album. Where I stand which charts his transformation from bachelor. -- -- -- -- Pop music superstar usher is on fire his latest single love in this club. -- and number one holding the billboard charts top spot for three ', "Everyone I'm aren't Leon here with  R & B  superstar I served. And this look yeah. that rocked Central Park. Okay they're going anything if you. I think here. Good ", "Everyone I'm aren't -- Leon here with R & B superstar I served. And this look -- -- yeah. -- that rocked Central Park. -- -- -- Okay they're going anything if ", 'Usher  in a pop star in the middle of a contentious child with Glover the steps on more and B  singer usher  in the of his ex wife to Foster. Police investigation continues. Very tough time  usher  and his family hope and pray the boy pulls ', "Usher in a pop star in the middle of a contentious custody battle it would another family drama this morning after -- serious. Jet ski crash on a Georgia lake -- critically injured his stepson. ABC's John Mueller is covering the story this morning John good morning -- you good morning -- tragedy certainly has a way of putting things in perspective and putting differences aside in this case Foster his ex wife reportedly putting their legal battles aside. Fighting to save her son. A day on the water goes horribly wrong -- an eleven year old -- -- emergency airlifted to an Atlanta hospital now Atlanta TV station ", "injured child with -- Glover the steps on -- more and B singer usher in the -- of his ex wife to -- Foster. Police say the boy was enjoying a day on Atlanta's late Linear ", "-- price for his life -- investigation continues. Very tough time -- usher and his family hope and pray the boy pulls through for now no charges filed in this case. Police say it's too ", "year's memorial service for Michael Jackson. This was  R & B  mega star pushing the crowd with a performance of Michael's in the sheer scope of their Eventually almost no. Pop  R & B singer . I've seen who stage. Style. They're lighting here ", "-- in the sheer scope of their -- Eventually almost no. Pop R & B singer . I've seen who stage. Style. They're lighting here. You know -- you got it done. Here -- view of how they should ", "The  singer  joins Jimmy Kimmel for duet about basketball players who don't play.", "Hello everyone and welcome to fresh tracks you weekly souls but what's new in music on in new And Minutes and Now being. The  Grammy  Awards have been honoring music legends Fifty years now. The ultimate collection at their seven theories to commemorate the ", '-- in new -- And -- Minutes and -- Now being. The Grammy Awards have been honoring music legends -- Fifty years now. The ultimate -- collection at their seven -- theories to commemorate the ', "Yeah okay. Burbank California. I just 31 years old  Usher Raymond  the fourth has already sold more than forty million albums worldwide and collected five.  Grammy  Awards now he's got a new album Raymond vs Raymond ", "-- -- -- Yeah okay. Burbank California. I just 31 years old Usher Raymond the fourth has already sold more than forty million albums worldwide and collected five. Grammy Awards -- now he's got a new album Raymond vs Raymond it's called hitting stores next week. -- really been called the ", "to an in person audition with the beepers idols.  R & B  star  usher . even one of Archer's own songs Yeah yeah. Were that was my hopefully you know if you then why do it  usher . summer  usher  came on board eager to an artist as young as He once ", "Runs efforts leading to an in person audition with the beepers idols. R & B star usher . -- even -- one of Archer's own songs -- Yeah -- yeah. Were you nervous when you're doing. Had nothing like to lose sight if I did that I wouldn't have got a record deal. OK. -- I was there just conference. Right from the start that was my hopefully you know if you -- -- then why do it -- -- usher . -- -- summer usher came on board eager to -- an artist as young as He once once with the help of some big time singles. ", 'The Canadian born  singer  secretly married rapper happy couple. And  usher  has been an international OMG the hip hop and  R & B  superstar performed Forties working  usher  also have a little reported today. Justin  usher  started in the music ', "tied the knot with her boyfriend of one year. The Canadian born singer secretly married rapper MC's sole ally at their Los Angeles home on May 22. Congratulations. To the happy couple. And usher has been an international jet setter promoting his new song OMG the hip hop and R & B superstar performed on Sunday in London. Then hop a plane to entertain another crowd at hot ninety seven's summer down in New York. Forties working -- usher also have a little time to talk about his reported today. Justin -- usher started in the music business as a teenager and is keeping a watchful high. On -- career without someone's looking out for. ", "touches on this year's pre  Grammy  party. So we the nerve enthusiasm displayed his annual  Grammy  party this year it was the you consume more food.  Usher  saying as good. Miguel privacy. Does he go to the  Grammy  party having to take part ", "Where we found in putting the finishing touches on this year's pre Grammy party. So we -- -- the nerve center this this is it the famous Clive Davis bungalow on the grounds of Beverly ", "have -- -- don't -- His enthusiasm -- -- displayed his annual Grammy party this year it was the tribute to Whitney Houston. It's almost. Both believable when do do her. -- -- -- And his longtime collaborator -- me. Patti Smith came just let him. So grateful for you -- consume more food. Usher saying as good. Miguel. Jennifer Hudson and then the show stopper Gladys Knight. Ever the showman Davis leaves the personal secret he's ", 'book out of respect for his privacy. Does he go to the Grammy party having to take part of your life in all her book -- big egos -- -- it goes. Through drugs. Before ', 'Muslim school displayed his annual  Grammy  party this year it was the tribute grateful for you consume more food.  Usher  sang and Miguel. Yeah Jennifer Hudson for his privacy. Does he go to the  Grammy  party AM EDT part of your life a Her ', "I want to -- -- His enthusiasm Muslim school displayed his annual Grammy party this year it was the tribute to Whitney Houston. It's almost. -- believable when do do her. -- -- And his longtime collaborator -- me. Patti Smith came just -- him. So grateful for you -- consume more food. Usher sang and -- Miguel. Yeah Jennifer Hudson and then the show stopper Gladys Knight. Ever the showman Davis leaves the personal secret ", 'book out of respect for his privacy. Does he go to the Grammy party AM EDT part of your life -- a -- Her -- to -- -- insured goes. Through drugs. Before I go ']