['MUMBAI/NEW DELHI (Reuters) - The economist rock star? The bureaucrat? The incumbent?Full story', "MUMBAI (Reuters) - The Indian rupee's slide to record lows is squeezing mid-sized companies that borrowed offshore when times were good, with a slowing economy now making it even harder for them to generate the extra funds needed to cover dollar payments. Full story", "MUMBAI/NEW DELHI (Reuters) - India's relaxation of foreign investment rules, aimed at drawing funds needed to turn around slowing economic growth and support a crumbling rupee, barely lifted markets on Wednesday due to doubts whether long-term inflows would materialize anytime soon. Full story", 'TrendingTunisiaUnited NationsUnited KingdomIslamismNBCNews.com homeBrowseVideoPhotos', "A building collapse in Mumbai killed at least 10 people, according to the Associated Press. NBCNews.com's Dara Brown.", "At least five people were killed after a portion of a four-story residential building collapsed in Mumbai, India. NBCNews.com's Dara Brown reports.", 'At least 41 people are dead after a building collapsed in Mumbai, India, with dozens more missing in the rubble. The building was under construction when it collapsed. Families had moved into the unfinished structure.', "Five people were killed after a wall of a house collapsed due to an explosion in a chemical factory compound in Mumbai, India. NBCNews.com's Dara Brown reports.", 'A customer hands a bundle of Indian Rupee currency notes to a teller at a financial institution in Mumbai July 2, 2013. REUTERS/Vivek Prakash', 'U.S. Vice President Biden looks through a microscope in a lab at the Indian Institute of Technology campus at Powai in Mumbai', 'U.S. Vice President Joe Biden  looks through a microscope in a lab at the Indian Institute of Technology  campus at Powai in Mumbai July 25, 2013.  REUTERS/Vivek Prakash (INDIA - Tags: POLITICS BUSINESS SCIENCE TECHNOLOGY)', 'U.S. Vice President Biden delivers an address at the Bombay Stock Exchange in Mumbai', 'U.S. Vice President Joe Biden delivers an address at the Bombay Stock Exchange  in Mumbai July 24, 2013. REUTERS/Vivek Prakash', 'An attendant waits for customers at a shop selling dresses along a flooded street during heavy monsoon rains in Mumbai', 'An attendant waits for customers at a shop selling dresses along a flooded street during heavy monsoon rains in Mumbai July 23, 2013. Torrential rains lashed Mumbai overnight, disrupting rail traffic and causing traffic chaos in many parts of the city, local media reported.  REUTERS/Vivek Prakash (I']