['REP. RICHARDSON ANNOUNCES INTRODUCTION OF EQUAL RIGHTS FOR HEALTH CARE ACT, ITS MONUMENTAL INCLUSION', 'Home>Topics>Health Care Bill -- Gross Cost of Exchange Subsidies & Related Spending', "-- look back that certain kids from birth. Have more access to health care certain cancer birth have more access education. More kids and our energy what education haven't thought that I can -- to -- ", "of the different issues the president's facing controversies that. And issues of health care the IRS and then we come to this. The idea that George Zimmerman is no -- hero. You know that George -- ", "about is all the regulation -- release timing job. -- creation -- health care law is really a problem on main street he doesn't seem to recognize it. We hear you. Congressman Kevin Brady Republican Texas. ", "nine bankruptcy filing. Opponents don't want to see the pensions and the health care of retirees. Cut ten pennies on the dollar it's estimated that Detroit has unfunded. Pension and health care obligations of more than nine billion dollars. But what comes next is very challenging unlike companies. -- have to prove that they're ", "offsets the cost. There are so many things you could do the health care . The debate is is a debate that the president's not gonna engage and but he wanted to talk about it again yesterday ", "the bankruptcy filing those opponents don't want to see the pensions and health care . And retirees cut at pennies on the dollar. Wall -- cut -- -- yet today the Dow retreating from a record high ", "agency and yet -- agency now is going to be in your health care records. And him and help implement obamacare that's not hot what you want. I will -- Obama wants Obama care and if ", "people. This -- is flawed it's not the direction we want the health care to go in this country and in fact is damaging the economy. In time. Union leaders themselves said that this law is gonna -- nightmare scenarios for millions of Americans that are work and -- will create and wreak Havoc on their health care . So again we say no -- obamacare but noted IRS and -- -- they're gonna have to go on rethink the whole time because we think this thing is past his prime we need to get rid of it. But right now I think the ire is pointed at the IRS. How in the world we let the IRS in your health care records. Secondly we we had to sit and -- it would -- -- if if funny -- of Obama -- one of ", "go down when he sold this monstrosity it. All on the overall health care overall out of pocket to Americans will be significantly less than health care inflation rate that would have happened without this. And you're seeing that throughout the night as big labor now is turning on ", "Thousands of conservative tea party activists streamed into Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid's hometown in Nevada Saturday morning, bringing American flags, Don't Tread on Me signs and outspoken anger toward President Obama and his  health care  overhaul."]