["Austin's record night not enough for West Virginia in 50-49 loss to No. 13 Oklahoma", "Tavon Austin ran all over No. 13 Oklahoma on Saturday night. It just didn't feel very good when it was over.The speedy wide receiver was inserted as a running back a...", 'On the heels of a slow albeit successful start to the 2012 season, the fifth-ranked Oklahoma Sooners are expected to have an easier time of it in week two as they en...', 'WR Jalen Saunders declared eligible for No. 13 Sooners, just in time to face No. 15 Texas', "The NCAA has declared receiver Jalen Saunders eligible to play for No. 13 Oklahoma this season, just in time for the Sooners' rivalry game Saturday against No. 15 Te...", 'Oklahoma and steady veteran quarterback Landry Jones wound up being no match for Johnny Football and a former Big 12 rival.Heisman Trophy winner Johnny Manziel had a...', 'John Hubert rushed 23 times for 130 yards, including a decisive 9-yard score in the fourth quarter, as No. 15 Kansas State defeated No. 6 Oklahoma, 24-19, on Saturda...', "Could A&M's Johnny Football finally be the player who wins the Heisman Trophy as a freshman?", "In the 77-year history of the Heisman Trophy, no freshman has ever won the award.Texas A&M's Johnny Manziel, the player who proved coach Kevin Sumlin's prolific offe...", 'Damien Williams ran for 99 yards and two scores, and the No.14 Oklahoma Sooners defeated Baylor, 42-34, in Norman on Saturday.Landry Jones completed 25-of-36 passes ...', "No. 15 Texas (4-1, 1-1 Big 12) vs. No. 13 Oklahoma (3-1, 1-1) at Dallas, noon (ABC)Line: Oklahoma by 3.Series Record: Texas leads 59-42-5.WHAT'S AT STAKEWhat's been ...", 'Oklahoma wide receiver Kenny Stills and safety Tony Jefferson announced Monday their intentions to enter the 2013 NFL Draft.Stills, a 6-foot-1 junior, has started al...', "As training camp began at Oklahoma, quarterback Landry Jones had only one receiver present who had ever caught one of his passes before in a game.That hasn't kept on...", 'Texas Tech QB Doege learning to forget errors with some help from surprisingly stingy defense', "Texas Tech quarterback Seth Doege is starting to enjoy his short memory.Last year, Doege's interceptions would linger and affect his play. Not anymore. Just last wee...", 'No. 12 Oklahoma hopes to have reason to pull for Texas; Sooners have to beat TCU first', 'There is a clear-cut scenario that will guarantee Oklahoma getting into a BCS game.That would include the Sooners being in the unusual position of pulling for Texas....', 'Coming off a pair of double-digit wins against what were thought to be very good football teams, the 10th-ranked Oklahoma Sooners seemingly catch a break with this w...', 'A pair of Big 12 Conference teams seemingly headed in opposite directions do battle on Saturday night, as the 13th-ranked Oklahoma Sooners pay a visit to the West Vi...', 'Landry Jones threw for two touchdowns and Blake Bell added two scores on the ground as the 17th-ranked Oklahoma Sooners steamrolled the Texas Tech Red Raiders, 41-20...', 'The next chapter in the fabled Red River Rivalry takes place at the Cotton Bowl in Dallas this Saturday, as the 15th-ranked Texas Longhorns square off against the 13...', "Can't Miss: Ole Miss muscles in on traditional powers with signing day surge of blue-chippers", 'Alabama. Ohio State. Michigan. Florida. Notre Dame. Mississippi?Ole Miss muscled in on the powerhouses that usually dominate national signing day, landing some of th...', 'Oklahoma coaches: Agents and players should be punished for breaking NCAA rules, not schools', 'Oklahoma football coach Bob Stoops is the latest person seeking change in how agents are involved in college basketball and the recruiting process.At a fan event for...', 'And the home of the Sooners? Coach prefers Oklahoma fans sing national anthem the right way', 'Coach Bob Stoops is asking Oklahoma fans to break a new tradition and sing the proper words at the end of the national anthem when Air Force plays at Owen Field on S...', 'Forget statement games, Big 12 coaches seem content with easy openers for winning starts', 'Oklahoma coach Bob Stoops knows all too well the risks of starting a season against another powerhouse team.Just picture Heisman Trophy-winning quarterback Sam Bradf...']