['Lifetime. Reality Program: "Antiques Roadshow," PBS; "Deadliest Catch," Discovery Channel; " Diners ,  Drive - Ins and Dives ,"  Food Network ; "MythBusters," Discovery Channel; "Shark Tank," ABC; "Undercover Boss," CBS. Reality-Competition ', 'Tock Diner in Clifton, N.J., won fame for its "disco fries" and other unique fare on the reality show " Diners ,  Drive - ins and Dives ." The show, however, may have missed the most dramatic scene, when the diner\'s manager Georgios Spyropoulos ', 'Image credit: AP Images)  Guy Fieri \'s new Times Square flagship restaurants on his popular show, " Diners ,  Drive - Ins and Dives ." His restaurant, Guy\'s the country for your show \' Diners ,  Drive - Ins and Dives ,\' rasping out slangy odes ', "$100 Million, Bro, Obama Buys Peaches, Which Makes Us Eat Crow, Mitt's Speedboat, Barack's Bus (PM Note)", "nut, eating anything healthy. Amy Walter argued that you'd never see him go any place food related but  Diners ,  Drive - ins and Dives  during the campaign. Those places make people think of good times and fun. We thought he'd try to avoid ", 'up your "mystery" adventure by checking your mobile for unusual things to see and do (and the folks at " Diners ,  Drive - ins and Dives " always have ideas on regional cuisine). 4. Semi-risky international travel: The risk here is pairing ', 'each, are so massive that they are served on a pizza pie dish, and were featured on the popular  Food Network  show " Diners ,  Drive - Ins and Dives ," a program known for highlighting outrageous plates at restaurants across the country. "I\'m ', 'Guy Fieri , the chef and  Food Network  star says that growing show "The Next  Food Network  Star" who now hosts I do well on the  Food Network  is because I\'m goal. His show " Diners ,  Drive - Ins and Dives " is the No. 1 ', 'his new book, " Diners ,  Drive - ins and Dives ,"  Food Network  star  Guy Fieri  stopped by "Good out an excerpt of " Diners ,  Drive - Ins and Dives " by clicking here. Recipe courtesy  Diners ,  Drive - ins and Dives , 2009. Adapted ', 'his new book, " Diners ,  Drive - ins and Dives ,"  Food Network  star  Guy Fieri  stopped by "Good out an excerpt of " Diners ,  Drive - Ins and Dives " by clicking here. Recipe courtesy  Diners ,  Drive - ins and Dives , 2009. Adapted ', 'his new book, " Diners ,  Drive - ins and Dives ,"  Food Network  star  Guy Fieri  stopped by "Good out an excerpt of " Diners ,  Drive - Ins and Dives " by clicking here. Recipe courtesy  Diners ,  Drive - ins and Dives , 2009. Adapted ', 'new book, " Diners ,  Drive - ins and Dives ,"  Food Network  star  Guy Fieri  stopped by Recipe courtesy  Guy Fieri , May 2008 excerpt of " Diners ,  Drive - Ins and Dives " by clicking courtesy " Diners ,  Drive - ins and Dives ," 2009 ', 'times critic slamming  guy fieri \'s flagship restaurant last night. You know  guy fieri  from his hit shows, " diners ,  drive - ins and dives ," where his personality makes him one of the  food network \'s hottest stars ', 'the least. It\'s gone viral overnight. A new york times critic slamming guy fieri\'s flagship restaurant. Saying the service is bad. The food, even worse. We sent abc\'s linsey davis to check it out. She joins us this morning. Good morning, linsey. Reporter: Not so bad getting dinner last night. You know guy fieri from his hit shows, " diners , drive-ins and dives ," where his personality makes him one of the food network\'s hottest stars. But his new restaurant, not so popular, if you listen to "new york times\'" pete wells that must like shish ', 'DA won a mine in Italian the real deal his  Food Network  show.  Diners drive ins and dives  is devoted to finding the places all around that have the best kind of food like just got  Food Network  show by the same name. And hearings and you ', 'guide DA -- won a mine in Italian the real deal his Food Network show. Diners drive ins and dives is devoted to finding the places all around this country that have the best kind of food like just got -- Food Network show by the same name. And hearings and you have at all pleasure. I thought should I thought. Okay. God Goddard got ']