["tour everybody was very excited about we didn't know some of behind the scenes stuff. That was going on you and  Eddie Van Halen  were such close friends and collaborators. With the tour reunion tour. Later. Coming it wasn't what I was hoping ", "of behind the scenes stuff. That was going on -- you and Eddie Van Halen were such close friends and collaborators. With the tour -- reunion tour. Later. Coming it wasn't what I was hoping for you ", 'nothing less than an earth shattering announcement for rock and roll fans around the world  Van Halen . Is reuniting with its original frontman  David Lee Roth  for the first time in twenty years and apparently the Jurassic era of hard rock lives on ', 'an earth shattering announcement for rock and roll fans around the world Van Halen . Is reuniting with its original frontman David Lee Roth for the first time in twenty years and apparently the Jurassic era of hard rock lives on. ', 'World News: Bush Before & After; LAPD Beating on YouTube; Revolution in Animation', "could soon become a rock got.  Wolfgang Van Halen . Just the name alone is the son of  Eddie Van Halen  he's only fifteen years old and father's band. He didn't think  Van Halen  really existed anymore did you ", "is topped by a boy who could soon become a rock got. Wolfgang Van Halen Just the name alone is the son of Eddie Van Halen he's only fifteen years old and hasn't today he is the -- bassist in his father's band. He didn't think Van Halen really existed anymore did you well it does and the band is said to be planning for a summer 072 -- too ", 'nothing less than an earth shattering announcement for rock and roll fans around the world  Van Halen . Is reuniting with its original frontman  David Lee Roth  for the first time in twenty years and apparently the Jurassic era of hard rock lives on ', "an earth shattering announcement for rock and roll fans around the world Van Halen . Is reuniting with its original frontman David Lee Roth for the first time in twenty years and apparently the Jurassic era of hard rock lives on. All this week's searches for ", 'to see the light version of this  Van Halen  music video anytime soon. The  David Lee Roth  fronted Halen reunion tour has fallen said we have fragile politics in  Van Halen  some creative differences are just ', "like he won't be able to see the light version of this Van Halen music video anytime soon. The David Lee Roth fronted -- Halen reunion tour has fallen through. Mr. Roth said we have fragile politics in Van Halen some creative differences are just too creative. -- -- John Berman ABC -- -- ", 'to see the light version of this  Van Halen  music video anytime soon. The  David Lee Roth  fronted Halen reunion tour has fallen said we have fragile politics in  Van Halen  some creative differences are just ', "like he won't be able to see the light version of this Van Halen music video anytime soon. The David Lee Roth fronted -- Halen reunion tour has fallen through. Mr. Roth said we have fragile politics in Van Halen some creative differences are just too creative. John Berman ABC news. And next we're gonna turn to baseball and I will ask ", 'decades of seemingly wedded bliss, former vice president al gore and his wife, tipper, announced their separation.  Eddie van halen  and actress valerie bertinelli split in 2007, after 26 years of marriage. 56 the split will be difficult, after ', 'former vice president al gore and his wife, tipper, announced their separation. Eddie van halen and actress valerie bertinelli split in 2007, after 26 years of marriage. 56 the split will be difficult, after a history together ', "hurting now so whoever so washed up as what you're saying hey it's a rat. Can get. On any new  Van Halen  fans out there will  Eddie Van Halen  57 and the after regrouping hadn't hit them cancel a bunch of a tour dates in Japan because he just ", "what you're saying hey it's a rat. Can get. On any new Van Halen fans out there will Eddie Van Halen 57 and the -- -- after regrouping hadn't hit them cancel a bunch of a tour dates in Japan because he just ", 'devoted eleven. And hate Also rising is Wolfgang guitar  Eddie Van Halen  the lead guitarist of the group  Van Halen  has come out with a new line of electric guitars from ', 'devoted eleven. And hate -- -- -- Also rising is Wolfgang guitar Eddie Van Halen the lead guitarist of the group Van Halen has come out with a new line of electric guitars from fender. The line is named after his seventeen year old son ', 'from family from friends from your first dinner parties and noticed and who but also from your ex mother and Yeah mrs.  Van Halen . Was an amazing would just make the most amazing breakfast and coffee in this delicious one of my favorite other things ', 'and who but also from your ex mother and -- Yeah mrs. Van Halen . Was an amazing -- -- -- would just make the most amazing breakfast and coffee in this delicious one of my favorite ', "Your childhood. You actually had a recipe from your former mother-in-law? There's a couple of recipes that mrs.  Van halen  taught me. There's a lot of italian in the cookbook. But mainly family and recipes that I've learned from the women ", "recipe from your former mother-in-law? There's a couple of recipes that mrs. Van halen taught me. There's a lot of italian in the cookbook. But mainly family and recipes that I've learned from the women I ", "And abc's jon karl has pored over the 21 pages. Reporter: Rock stars make all kinds of demands when they perform.  VAN HALEN  WANTS NO BROWN M&Ms IN The dressing room. Mariah carey insists on custom toilet paper, white roses and vanilla aromatherapy ", 'pages. Reporter: Rock stars make all kinds of demands when they perform. VAN HALEN WANTS NO BROWN M&Ms IN The dressing room. Mariah carey insists on custom toilet paper, white roses and vanilla aromatherapy candles. Obama ', "expected to continue here at a look at this and some of the day's other business news Bloomberg reporter Ellen Bree  Van Halen  good to see you. Hey Stephanie good morning so what happened with stocks yesterday. You know we were having another ", "and some of the day's other business news Bloomberg reporter Ellen Bree Van Halen good to see you. Hey Stephanie good morning so what happened with stocks yesterday. You know we were having another sell -- ", "taking it and they lost a lot of weight they the only side effect that they've experienced is dried out. Is this a band  Van Halen  Chinese form please let me know before But I did do some research and in one sentence my philosophy is if something sounds ", "side effect that they've experienced is dried out. Is this a band Van Halen Chinese form please let me know before -- -- -- But I did do some research -- and in one sentence my ", 'Hip getting its due along with AM  Van Halen  the run outs and Patti Smith. Grandmaster Flash is being inducted into the rock and roll hall of fame tonight the first. Hip ', 'Hip -- getting its due along with -- AM Van Halen the run outs and Patti Smith. Grandmaster Flash is being inducted into the rock and roll hall of fame tonight the first. ', "instruments support invented by the one and only Edward L  Van Halen . This stylish front mounted on once held this event Haaretz rob that. You can do we like this when demonstrated by  Van Halen  himself in his video. If can't do that knew instantly ", "this musical instruments support invented by the one and only Edward L Van Halen . This stylish front mounted on once held this -- event Haaretz it would streams -- upward. Leveling the rock -- to see the entire face and the guitar. Of course and using such a device has a big rob that. You can do we -- like this when demonstrated by Van Halen himself in his -- video. If -- can't do that knew instantly -- -- rock star credibility making device certifiably uncool and ", "instruments support invented by the one and only Edward L  Van Halen . This stylish front mounted on once held this proxy it that. You can do we slide like this when demonstrated by  Van Halen  himself in his video. If he can't do that knew instantly ", "this musical instruments support invented by the one and only Edward L Van Halen . This stylish front mounted on once held this proxy -- -- it would streams -- upward. Leveling the rock -- to see the entire face and the guitar. Of course using such a device has a big rob that. You can do we slide like this when demonstrated by Van Halen himself in his -- video. If he can't do that knew instantly -- rock star credibility making device. Justifiably on cool and ", 'North Carolina found out. The C a fifth grade graduation ceremony in Charlotte, North Carolina. Now set to the tune by  Van Halen  hot for teacher. The video is like Green half minutes and that and I my faith yet is finally. Billion in my but. McEntire ', 'graduation ceremony in Charlotte, North Carolina. Now set to the tune by Van Halen hot for teacher. The video is like Green half minutes and -- that -- -- and I -- my faith yet is ']