["transformed himself into a  home improvement  wizard who can fix just headache. His show the  Vanilla Ice  project debuts Saturday we're so happy to have  Vanilla Ice  Griffith C thanks for and don't miss the  Vanilla Ice  project Saturday night ", "hip hop home renovation -- no life has transformed himself into a home improvement wizard who can fix just about any housing headache. His show the Vanilla Ice project debuts Saturday night on the DIY network and we're so happy to have Vanilla Ice -- -- Griffith C thanks for being here good to be here -- season to congratulations thank you must -- do and ", 'World News: Winter Storm; World AIDS Day and Evangelical Agenda; World War I Museum; LA Auto Show; Vans Turns 40', "title of the most gifted  rapper . In the world. Image wrapping Paper covered in  rap  lyrics the creation of classic the lyrics to  Vanilla Ice  is.  Ice ice baby . Although I'm sure argue that's not real  rap . I'm out of little ", "pull it off they're competing for the title of the most gifted rapper . In the world. Image of running and -- and -- And -- can't meet these like he -- not -- -- Yeah. ", "He traded in his mike at least temporarily for a hammer and great tool box. Boy is he creative. Known by so many as  vanilla ice . Rob van winkle knows how to turn trash into trees our. He's got his own show. And he's talented. He's here ", "great tool box. Boy is he creative. Known by so many as vanilla ice . Rob van winkle knows how to turn trash into trees our. He's got his own show. And he's talented. He's here to ", "ribeiro in New York a  Vanilla Ice  was a pop icon in the DIY network called the  Vanilla Ice  project. And we're rob van winkle known as  Vanilla Ice  welcome rob great video when I'm sixteen road  ice ice baby  so. Made some money ", "-- Welcome back let it does sometimes ribeiro in New York a Vanilla Ice was a pop icon in the -- he sold eleven million. Copies of his debut album to the extreme. But -- wasn't his only passion for the past fifteen years the Grammy nominee has been buying land and flipping houses. He's self taught and remodeling. And now he has his own series on the DIY network called the Vanilla Ice project. And we're thrilled to be joined by rob van winkle -- known as Vanilla Ice welcome rob great video -- -- -- -- -- First question to you is -- -- interest in home remodeling renovation come from big change from your music. -- well I've been doing for a long time you know -- fifteen years -- first on the published in the -- just see it and that started off when I'm sixteen road ice ice baby so. Made some money in the bottom much houses everywhere and sold them at a bunch of money on those and said ", "winner. So they go on DIY network dot com and and gets there he goes an ice is their house throughout the way really  Vanilla Ice  out of it's just the double BT mostly I mean this house that you me in the video out of I went down this house that ", "goes an ice is their house throughout the way really -- -- Vanilla Ice -- out of it's just the double BT -- mostly I mean this house that you -- -- me in the video ", 'Finally on "pop news" we love us some  vanilla ice , he was here monday showing us his invention. A remix of his hit " ice ice baby ." Including a zumba moves. What have our own ice in the audience. " ice ice baby " back in the', 'pregnant, whoo! That\'s terrible. Finally on "pop news" we love us some vanilla ice , he was here monday showing us his passion for diy passion. His first love is music. Stop, collaborate and listen. Because ice is back with a brand-new invention. A remix of his hit " ice ice baby ." Including a zumba moves. What is zumba. It\'s fitness craze, that\'s based on dance. Based on african dance. And you will burn ']