['he adds with a laugh. "I\'m like, ok guys, I get it, I see why you make those comparisons but don\'t forget  Van Morrison , the Beatles, Donny Hathaway or Stevie Wonder, David Bowie or Freddy Mercury or Jimi Hendrix, or fuckin\' Miles ', 'is a Ugandan-British soul and folk singer steeped in a classic tradition, recalling everyone from Bill Withers to  Van Morrison . His songs are soft and beautiful, often flirting with a jazzy, gospel-like tinge. The majority of "Home Again ', 'his own life. We miss him already, but we\'re glad to have shared with him while we could." Montrose played on  Van Morrison  \'s 1971 album Tupelo Honey before launching Montrose two years later, with Hagar as their lead singer. Their self-titled ', 'NdegeOcello had a hit when they recorded a remake of  Van Morrison \'s "Wild Night" on Mellencamp\'s album, "Dance I said to her, \'You don\'t know "Wild Night" by  Van Morrison ?\' And my band started playing it, and she started ', 'dance songs and songs for the father-daughter and mother-son dances. First Dance: 1. "Have I Told You Lately,"  Van Morrison  2. "One Love," U2 3. "Everything," Michael Buble 4. "I Will," Beatles 5. "Maybe I\'m Amazed," Paul ', 'Grill in Las Vegas is serving up famous Irishmen Bono,  Van Morrison  , Colin Farrel l, Pierce Brosnan , Liam Neeson , Aidan than a beautiful day. Some Other Tasty Celeb Treats  Van Morrison : "A pile of corned beef hash combined with scrambled ', 'lyrical take on things." Gray also appreciates "musical" poets, and lists Leonard Cohen, Nick Cave, Joanna Newsom,  Van Morrison  and John Martyn as some of his favorites. Martyn, who died earlier this year, was a quiet pioneer, according to ', "the late Jerry Garcia. And among the amazing photographs in this book, readers can see shots from the sessions for  Van Morrison 's Moondance, Bob Dylan's Nashville Skyline, and iconic shots of Jimi Hendrix, Janis Joplin, the Doors and the ", 'years later, the opening track, Smith\'s cover of the  Van Morrison  song "Gloria," remains on the Edge\'s playlist music. Their relationships with rock legends such as  Van Morrison , Keith Richards and Bob Dylan had inspired them to ', "She's so beautiful I could stand and couple under its agreement Shelley child player based part like that. That  Van Morrison  song while not sound of that Said to her what I said You don't know wildlife and and advance our planet she service ", "its agreement Shelley child -- -- player based part like that. That Van Morrison song while not sound of that -- Said to her what I said -- You don't know wildlife and -- and advance ", 'writers became solo artists in each put out an amazing record that year. But soda Cat Stevens James Taylor Neil Young  Van Morrison  put dance about year. All records that for me largest real benchmarks of great great album and you bring back that ', 'amazing record that year. But soda Cat Stevens James Taylor Neil Young Van Morrison put -- -- dance about year. All records that for me largest real benchmarks of great great album and you bring back ', "And the photographs an exhibition at the Morrison hotel gallery in the Barry and then they'll move to different.  Van Morrison  so galleries. And thing. I want to am. The on some say of course both have to of the inside to get my thirty pesos ", "Morrison hotel gallery in the Barry and then they'll move to different. Van Morrison so galleries. And -- thing. I want to -- am. The -- on some say of course both have to -- of ", "R&B sensation Jered Weaver. A long train running arrives very best of The Doobie Brothers. And  Van Morrison  buys the popcorn on  Van Morrison  at the movie's soundtrack hits. This nineteen track collection includes the live version of comfortably ", "train running arrives -- -- very best of The Doobie Brothers. And Van Morrison buys the popcorn -- -- -- on Van Morrison at the movie's soundtrack hits. This nineteen track collection includes the live version of comfortably numb you see Martin Scorsese's the departed. "]