['NASCAR champion Jimmie Johnson touched by visit to Oklahoma tornado victims, pledges help', 'Jimmie Johnson spent Thursday in Moore, Okla., to help distribute supplies to tornado victims.He was accompanied by his wife, Chani, a native of Muskogee. The visit ...', "Oklahoma sophomore quarterback Kendal Thompson has been arrested for public intoxication and refusing to obey a police officer's orders.School spokesman Pete Moris i...", 'NASCAR champion Jimmie Johnson to distribute supplies Thursday in tornado-ravaged Oklahoma', 'Five-Time NASCAR champion Jimmie Johnson will visit tornado-ravaged Moore, Okla., on Thursday to help distribute supplies to victims of the May 19-20 tornados.Johnso...', 'No. 14 Sooners dealing with injuries, disappointment after second home loss of season', "Bob Stoops isn't changing his message after another rare home loss for No. 14 Oklahoma.Stoops stood behind his team Monday, refusing to admit any sign of weakness be...", "For nearly two hours Saturday in Oklahoma's spring game, junior Blake Bell did everything to show the starting quarterback's job should be his to lose when training ...", 'Oklahoma has suspended receiver Jaz Reynolds indefinitely after he posted what coach Bob Stoops called "insensitive remarks" on his Twitter page about a gunman who c...', "Freshman defensive end D.J. Ward, one of the top prospects in Oklahoma's recruiting class and ranked the top in-state player by recruiting services, practiced with t...", 'Attempting to stiffen up a defense that faded late for a second straight season, Oklahoma loaded up along the front line and in the secondary Wednesday on national s...', "Chip Kelly took size over glamour.The Philadelphia Eagles selected Oklahoma offensive tackle Lane Johnson with the No. 4 overall pick in Kelly's first NFL draft Thur...", 'A battle between two nationally-ranked Big 12 Conference foes takes place in Norman on Saturday night, as No. 15 Kansas State challenges No. 6 Oklahoma.This is the c...', "This hasn't been a pleasant week at Oklahoma.For the second time this season, the 14th-ranked Sooners (5-2, 3-1 Big 12) are coming off a tough home loss to a nationa...", 'Sooners will face all 3 Heisman Trophy finalists by time season ends, Manziel last', "So which of the three finalists for the Heisman Trophy really has been college football's best player this season? Check back with the Oklahoma Sooners after the Cot...", 'For most of three seasons, Brennan Clay has bided his time, waiting for his chance to be the starting running back for No. 14 Oklahoma.That chance came Saturday agai...', 'Landry Jones threw for 405 yards and four touchdowns as No. 14 Oklahoma downed Iowa State, 35-20, at Jack Trice Stadium on Saturday.Jones completed 32-of-45 passes w...', "Kansas (1-5, 0-3 Big 12) at No. 10 Oklahoma (4-1, 2-1), 7 p.m. (FSN)Line: Oklahoma by 35.Series Record: Oklahoma leads 69-27-6.WHAT'S AT STAKEThe Sooners will try to...", 'No. 10 Sooners score on kickoff and punt return in same game for 1st time, hammer Kansas 52-7', 'Over the past year, Roy Finch has seen his chances to make an impact for No. 10 Oklahoma shrink to almost none.The first chance he got to touch the ball on Saturday ...', 'Kansas gives up touchdowns on kickoff and punt returns in 52-7 blowout loss to No. 10 Oklahoma', 'Trying to ride the momentum from a fourth-quarter comeback that fell just short, Kansas coach Charlie Weis decided to go with redshirt freshman Michael Cummings inst...', 'No. 14 Oklahoma looks to tighten defense with No. 22 Oklahoma State coming to town', "Oklahoma defensive end David King knew what was coming Monday, even before watching film of the Sooners' wild 50-49 win at West Virginia.The Sooners had a poor defen...", 'No. 8 Sooners reinstate suspended defensive tackle Stacy McGee to face No. 5 Notre Dame', "Oklahoma's first marquee game of the season on Owen Field ended up being a flop.One month later, there's an opportunity for the eighth-ranked Sooners (5-1) to climb ..."]