['U.S. Vice President Joe Biden told Indian business leaders Wednesday that commercial ties between their two countries should be strengthened and trade should expand exponentially.Full story', 'MUMBAI (Reuters) - U.S. Vice President Joe Biden sought on Wednesday to ease Indian concern about a possible political settlement with the Afghan Taliban, saying the insurgents would have to give up ties to al Qaeda and accept the Afghan constitution that guarantees equal treatment to women. Full story', 'U.S. Vice President Joe Biden arrived in India on Monday on a trip that will focus on boosting trade and regional security ties and strengthening a strategic partnership that has languished in recent years. Full story', 'TrendingUnited AirlinesretireesGeneral MotorsTunisiaeurosUnemploymentNBCNews.com homeBrowseVideoPhotos', 'GQ\'s Michael Hainey joins Morning Joe to discuss the magazine\'s latest issue, which looks at the final season of "Breaking Bad," if Joe Biden will run in 2016 and which foods to eat in 2013.', "Top Talkers: The city of Detroit filed for bankruptcy protection on Thursday, July 18, making it the largest U.S. city in history to file for Chapter 9. The Morning Joe panel -- including economic analyst Steve Rattner, former RNC Chair Michael Steele and the Huffington Post's Sam Stein -- discusses", "U.S. Vice President Biden is flanked by CEO of the National Park Board Poon and Singapore's Minister in Prime Minister's Office Fu during Biden's visit to the National Orchid Garden in Singapore", "U.S. Vice President Joe Biden is flanked by CEO of the National Park Board Poon Hong Yuen  and Singapore's Minister in Prime Minister's Office Grace Fu  during Biden's visit to the National Orchid Garden in Singapore July 26, 2013.  REUTERS/Tim Chong (SINGAPORE - Tags: POLITICS)", "U.S. Vice President Biden and Singapore's Prime Minister Lee share a light moment before their meeting at the Istana presidential palace in Singapore", "U.S. Vice President Joe Biden and Singapore's Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong  share a light moment before their meeting at the Istana presidential palace in Singapore July 26, 2013.  REUTERS/Tim Chong (SINGAPORE - Tags: POLITICS)", 'U.S. Vice President Biden speaks to former Singapore Prime Minister Lee during their meeting at the Istana presidential palace in Singapore', 'U.S. Vice President Joe Biden speaks to former Singapore Prime Minister Lee Kuan Yew  during their meeting at the Istana presidential palace in Singapore July 26, 2013.  REUTERS/Tim Chong (SINGAPORE - Tags: POLITICS)', 'U.S. Vice President Biden smiles during his meeting with former Singapore Prime Minister Lee at the Istana presidential palace in Singapore', 'U.S. Vice President Joe Biden smiles during his meeting with former Singapore Prime Minister Lee Kuan Yew  at the Istana presidential palace in Singapore July 26, 2013.  REUTERS/Tim Chong (SINGAPORE - Tags: POLITICS)']