['A proton-proton collision produced in the Large Hadron Collider shows characteristics in line with the decay of a Higgs boson particle.', 'Joe Incandela, right, spokesman for the Compact Muon Solenoid experiment, gestures to the crowd next to Rolf Heuer, director-general of the European Organization for Nuclear Research, CERN, at a press conference anouncing the major breakthrough on Wednesday, July 4, in Meyrin, Switzerland.', 'Attendees at the seminar applaud Wednesday as physicists explain recent findings about a never-before-seen subatomic particle called the Higgs boson.', 'British physicist Peter Higgs, right, who first proposed the existence of the elusive particle in the 1960s, speaks with Belgian physicist Francois Englert at the press conference at CERN on Wednesday.', "CERN's Globe of Science and Innovation exhibition center and surface buildings, which provide access to the Large Hadron Collider, can be seen near Geneva, Switzerland.", 'The LHC is a circular tunnel located 100 meters (328 feet) underground, which uses a particle accelerator to collide protons at extreme speeds.', 'The particle accelerator magnets of the LHC are shown at the underground test facility at CERN near Geneva.', 'CERN scientists applaud at the main control center near Geneva during the switch-on operation of the LHC on September 10, 2008.', "(CNN) -- Just in time for Albert Einstein's birthday Thursday, scientists delivered exciting news about how the universe works.", 'Last summer, physicists announced that they had identified a particle with characteristics of the elusive Higgs boson, the so-called "God particle." But, as often the case in science, they needed to do more research to be more certain.', "On Thursday, scientists announced that the particle, detected at the Large Hadron Collider, the world's most powerful particle-smasher, looks even more like the Higgs boson.", "The news came at the Moriond Conference in La Thuile, Italy, from scientists at the Large Hadron Collider's ATLAS and Compact Muon Solenoid experiments. These two detectors are looking for unusual particles that slip into existence when subatomic particles crash into one another at high energies.", '"The preliminary results with the full 2012 data set are magnificent and to me it is clear that we are dealing with a Higgs boson though we still have a long way to go to know what kind of Higgs boson it is," Joe Incandela, spokesperson for the Compact Muon Solenoid experiment, said in a statement.', 'Scientists have analyzed two and a half times more data than they had when the first announced the Higgs boson results last July 4.', 'The Higgs boson is associated with the reason that everything in the universe -- from humans to planets to galaxies -- have mass. The particle is a component of something called the Higgs field, which permeates our universe. It\'s not a perfect analogy, but Brian Greene, theoretical physicist at Columbia University and "NOVA" host, offered this comparison when I spoke with him last year:', '"You can think of it as a kind of molasses-like bath that\'s invisible, but yet we\'re all immersed within it," Greene said. "And as particles like electrons try to move through the molasses-like bath, they experience a resistance. And that resistance is what we, in our big everyday world, think of as the mass of the electron."', 'The electron would have no mass if it were not for this "substance," the field made of Higgs particles. So, without the Higgs boson, we would not be here at all.', 'Many physicists hate the term "God particle" because it did not originate in the way you might think. Nobel Prize-winning physicist Leon Lederman wrote a book with "God Particle" in the title, but reportedly said he\'d actually wanted to call it the "Goddamn Particle."', 'Having evidence that the Higgs boson really exists is important for the current understanding of how the universe works.', "An amazing fact about the Higgs boson is that scientists predicted its existence and then detected it (or something that strongly resembles it), rather than the other way around. They didn't see an abnormality and wonder what it was. The particle confirms notions about the universe that had only been calculated, but not directly observed.", "But scientists do not know if the particle they've found is truly the one predicted by the Standard Model of particle physics. That model is the best explanation out there for what happens at scales smaller than the atom, but still has a lot of holes in it, and there are other theories out there that go beyond that model.", 'It is possible that the Higgs boson found at the Large Hadron Collider could fit into those other theories. To figure that out, scientists must look at how fast the boson decays into other particles, and see how the decay rate stacks up against predictions.', 'The Large Hadron Collider is located in a 17-mile tunnel near the French-Swiss border, and is operated by CERN, the European Organization of Nuclear Research.', 'The $10 billion particle-smasher set a record in 2012 for the amount of energy achieved in particle collisions: 8 trillion electron volts (TeV). The LHC shut down last month for a long staycation full of maintenance and upgrades. After about two years, it will come back online with 13 TeV.', "Detecting the Higgs boson takes a lot of particle collisions -- there's only one observed event in every trillion proton-proton collisions, CERN said.", 'The Higgs boson news coincides not only with Einstein\'s birthday, but also with Pi Day, March 14. These events are not entirely unrelated: Incandela told CNN last year that the number pi comes up in Large Hadron Collider calculations. For instance, scientists need to use pi when calculating how "loops" -- particles that transform themselves into other particles, and then come back together to make the original particle again -- contribute to a particle\'s mass.', 'Was Tyrannosaurus rex a predator or scavenger? The question has been a point of controversy in the scientific community for more than a century. ', "Achilles' heel was his weak spot in the Greek myth, but the heel of a newly discovered primate provides a strong connection between humans and their possible ancestors.", 'To get through the long, tedious hours sitting in the fossil archives at the University of California-Berkeley, Jason Head would listen to the hypnotic sounds of The Doors. ', 'There were three of them, one of them probably a child, and at least one met a gruesome end at the hands of a terrifying predator. ', "Remember when woolly mammoths roamed the planet? No? Well don't worry if you missed the last ice age -- scientists have moved one step closer to possibly bringing the beasts back to life.", 'A dinosaur from the Middle-Late Jurassic period, found in China, gives scientists new understandings of how birds evolved.', 'A human embryo is smaller than the period at the end of a sentence. Scientists need to take from them stem cells, which have the potential to become any cell in the body. ', 'In the 1950s, scientists and technologists envisaged that by now the world would be free from disease, traversed by flying cars, and fueled by minerals from distant planets. ', "With its vast array of freaky specimens that seem to belong in some haunted manor, Philadelphia's 150-year-old Mutter Museum may be the gold standard in medical museums.", 'Ever since it was discovered in 2004, graphene has been hailed as a natural wonder of the materials world destined to transform our lives in the 21st century. ', 'In the midst of chaos here on Earth, scientists are finding hope for life on other planets.', 'A mysterious, circular structure, with a diameter greater than the length of a Boeing 747 jet, has been discovered submerged about 30 feet (9 meters) underneath the Sea of Galilee in Israel. ', 'Archaeologists working alongside builders on a new London rail link have turned up a grisly find that harks back seven centuries, to a time when Black Death stalked the medieval city.', "Just in time for Albert Einstein's birthday, scientists delivered exciting news about how the universe works. "]