['of congress stand up for a  bounty hunter  named dog. ABC\'s national has a sign of the times.  Duane  " Dog "  Chapman . American  bounty hunter  crime fighter and popular and I don\'t think that  dog Chapman  is getting a fair shake ', 'show of support. Why would members of congress stand up for a bounty hunter named dog. ABC\'s national correspondent Jake Tapper has a sign of the times. Duane " Dog " Chapman American bounty hunter crime fighter and popular reality TV star on basic cable. It\'s -- weapons. Dogs burst onto the national scene three years ago ', 'standing by standing and but they never had to it was all along. That was here was hugging the dog the artist yet all  dog the bounty hunter  and I. Settled once and for all that investigative team here.', 'was here was hugging the dog the artist yet -- -- all dog the bounty hunter and I. Settled once and for all that -- -- investigative team here. ', "of saying quote why don't you just arrest me they did. He was reportedly bailed out of jail by none other than  dog the bounty hunter . When asked to comment on getting the superstar out of the slammer dog said quote. I a truly dedicated fan of ", 'did. He was reportedly bailed out of jail by none other than dog the bounty hunter When asked to comment on getting the superstar out of the slammer dog said quote. I -- a truly dedicated fan of ', 'be arguing in this tattoo parlor captured on surveillance video obtained by TMZ. Add another dash of Hollywood.  Dog the bounty hunter  bailed him out. He released this statement I perform my duties as a bail Bondsman and not in connection with our ', 'captured on surveillance video obtained by TMZ. Add another dash of Hollywood. Dog the bounty hunter bailed him out. He released this statement I perform my duties as a bail Bondsman and not in connection with our show ', 'profile Mexican defense attorney. Best known for successfully defending someone else from the world of reality TV.  Dog the bounty hunter  who is accused of illegally arresting convicted rapists south of the border by Mexican prosecutors have called former ', 'known for successfully defending someone else from the world of reality TV. Dog the bounty hunter who is accused of illegally arresting convicted rapists south of the border by Mexican prosecutors have called former survivor producer -- for ', "that's the right there. stupid TV to come home much stupid tediously there was a victim that what stupid TV.  Dog the bounty hunter  miss tonight I think dog the bounty on miss that guy animus and now dog if you job entails creeping up on people ", 'home much stupid tediously there was a victim that what stupid TV. Dog the bounty hunter -- -- miss tonight I think dog the bounty on -- miss that guy animus and now dog if you job entails ', "relentless and and they'll keep after. Added to the US authorities here ever. You know use private individuals like  dog the bounty hunter  to try to track people down especially in foreign territories in areas. Well the way the way bounty hunters work ", 'the US authorities here -- ever. You know use private individuals like dog the bounty hunter to try to track people down especially in foreign territories in -- areas. Well the way the way bounty hunters work is ', "Wonder Woman. custom searches are a little more who wrong. The top men's costumes searched online including  dog the bounty hunter  and Johnny Depp is Jack Sparrow. They are perilously. Six we have filled out. Pirate costumes jump from the eleventh ", "-- -- -- -- -- The top men's costumes searched online including dog the bounty hunter and Johnny Depp is Jack Sparrow. They are perilously. Six -- -- we have filled out. Pirate costumes jump from the eleventh ", 'World News: California Arson Fire; Negative Political Ads; Paintings of Abu Ghraib; Halloween Costumes', "custom searches are a little who bevy of all that at that time. The top men's costumes searched online include  dog the bounty hunter  and Johnny Depp Jack Sparrow. The room and they are relatively. Six but have filled out. Pirate costumes jump ", "all that at that time. The top men's costumes searched online include dog the bounty hunter and Johnny Depp -- Jack Sparrow. The room and they are relatively. Six but -- have filled out. Pirate costumes jump from "]