["policy issues of his own with Perkins during their interview, the discussion touched on the family's political past.  Jim Bob Duggar , the patriarch of the Duggar brood, catapulted his ever-growing family into fame through his involvement in the Arkansas ", '(Photo credit: Scott Enlow/TLC) The  Duggar family  just got a little bigger! Josh and Anna Duggar have alongside his 18 siblings and his parents, Jim Bob and  Michelle Duggar , in the TLC show "19 Kids & Counting," married Anna ', 'will get a hefty endorsement from the Duggar clan , who say they support his conservative views on abortion. Jim Bob and  Michelle Duggar  received national attention from their TLC reality show "19 Kids and Counting." They say they hope Akin can beat Democratic ', 'will get a hefty endorsement from the Duggar clan , who say they support his conservative views on abortion. Jim Bob and  Michelle Duggar  received national attention from their TLC reality show "19 Kids and Counting." They say they hope Akin can beat Democratic ', 'Missouri senate candidate. Jim Bob and  Michelle Duggar  received national attention from their congressman and Sen. Claire McCaskill.  Michelle Duggar  will speak today at the "Missouri up to the election. This isn\'t  Michelle Duggar \'s first foray into conservative ', "him for backing former Sen. Arlen Specter over the more conservative Pat Toomey during a rough 2004 primary showdown. The  Duggar family  clogs the room at some of your events. There are lots of reasons that can complicate a candidate's decision to leave a ", 'line, swings his arm back and thrusts the heavy ball forward. It knocks the pin down with a whack . "That was Romney!"  Jim Bob Duggar  shouts over the music, pointing to the defeated pin. "Spare!" the text on a television screen above his head blares ', 'Christian Family Behind TV\'s \'19 Kids And Counting\' Stumps For Santorum." (The paper includes a large photo of the  Duggar family , of reality television fame, who has been campaigning on behalf of Santorum.) It\'s not exactly a winning profile in ', 'they take their own risks, but surrogacy is "an elective process," he said. Synesiou agrees, citing television\'s  Michelle Duggar  , a 45-year-old with 19 children who lost a 20th child to miscarriage last year. "No one is saying that to her ', 'Referring to 19 Kids and Counting parents Jim Bob and  Michelle Duggar  , Hunt\'s alleged letter said they "claim to be so Christian RadarOnline.com as 25-year-old Amy Duggar , a cousin of  Jim Bob Duggar . She denies allegations that she\'s involved with the ', 'eldest daughter, Elizabeth, 20, will appear at a Sarasota rally this afternoon in his place, along with members of the  Duggar family  from the TLC show "19 Kids and Counting." The family has campaigned with Santorum in Iowa, South Carolina, and now Florida ', 'language urging the crowd to vote Obama out, which was also quite the change from his South Carolina events, where the  Duggar family  from the TLC show "19 Kids and Counting" were usually on hand to warm up the crowd. About 20 Ron Paul supporters with ', 'the Duggar children from the reality TV show on TLC "19 Kids and Counting" - formerly "17 Kids and Counting" and " 18 Kids and Counting ." Santorum delivered a civics lecture of sorts to the high school students and their parents, extolling the virtues ', "Reality TV mom releases audio message to her stillborn baby on family's website.", 'Bob and myself. You remember the divers they had 1819 kids aimed announced that she is pregnant with baby number 21. And last pregnancy. Life threatening health risks forced her to deliver at just 25 weeks. The baby was just one pounds six ounces now. Is there like time that men said stop my. Let']