['history. "Thanks to Dmitry really because he made it possible," said Nemcova, thanking her professional partner  Dmitry Chaplin  for his teaching and support. In an unpredictable season, Nemcova placed all over the leader board. Two weeks ago ', 'want to see good dancing, but people also want to see improvement. ... I\'m very happy for [Petra Nemcova and  Dmitry Chaplin ] for doing so good. I\'m also excited to see what [Hines Ward] is going to do." Kendra Wilkinson and Louis ', "Maksim Chmerkovskiy Speaks About Last Night's Tumble on 'Dancing With the Stars'", 'samba to "Through the Fire," which he dedicated to his mother, who struggled to raise him. Nemcova and partner  Dmitry Chaplin  waltzed to "You Raise Me Up" for the children of Thailand, following the 2004 tsunami. All contestants were tasked ', 'Tony\'s fellow dancers from the show, Mark Ballas,  Dmitry Chaplin  and Chelsie Hightower, came along to serve as judges completely blew me away," professional dancer and judge  Dmitry Chaplin  said. "You stayed in character. You were totally ', 'two-step, Charleston, Bolero and the Lambada. Coming in first for the second straight week were singer Mya and partner  Dmitry Chaplin , who danced an impressive Lambada to "Ain\'t It Funny" by Jennifer Lopez. The couple garnered 28 points and solid ', 'actress, teams with Maksim Chmerkovskiy, who returns for his seventh season. Mya, award winning singer, teams with  Dmitry Chaplin , who returns for his second season. Kelly Osbourne, reality star, teams up with Louis van Amstel, who returns ', '30) Ty Murray and Chelsie Hightower (23/30) Lawrence Taylor and Edyta Sliwinska (20/30) Holly Madison and  Dmitry Chaplin  (17/30) Denise Richards and Maksim Chmerkovskiy (16/30) Steve-O and Lacey Schwimmer (15/30) Steve Wozniak ', "combined total therefore leaving right now. Petra and Dmitry. That was the moment last night and better partner  Dmitry Chaplin  voted off Dancing With The Stars but they join us live from LA this morning good morning guys. Well we're so sorry ", "Dmitry. That was the moment last night -- and -- better partner Dmitry Chaplin voted off Dancing With The Stars but they join us live from LA this morning good morning guys. -- -- Well we're ", 'rehearsal time was Gail throw shoes. prepared for the performance of a lifetime fourth judge. Police fellow dancers  Dmitry Chaplin  Mark Chelsea And now dead thing good tango Toledo Bologna and Gail. Silva who Easton seen you know. On me. Gay ', 'prepared for the performance of a lifetime fourth judge. Police fellow dancers Dmitry Chaplin Mark -- Chelsea -- And now dead thing good tango Toledo Bologna and Gail. Silva who Easton seen -- you know. On ', "see the John Kelly Osbourne and her partner Louis Van Amstel. Okay. Don't the jitterbug Donny Osmond and his father Johnson. Okay. Okay. Don't see this sounds sick. Much had until well let  Dmitry Chaplin . Okay. Yeah. Okay okay.", "Okay. Okay. Don't see this sounds sick. Much had until well let Dmitry Chaplin . Okay. -- Yeah. Okay "]