['of Endorsement category: Mitt Romney  Mike Rowe , host of the  Discovery  Channel series " Dirty Jobs ," appeared with Mitt Romney Sept. 26 proclaimed at the McAuliffe-Shepard  Discovery  Center in Concord, N.H. "The president ', 'of Endorsement category: Mitt Romney  Mike Rowe , host of the  Discovery  Channel series " Dirty Jobs ," appeared with Mitt Romney Sept. 26 proclaimed at the McAuliffe-Shepard  Discovery  Center in Concord, N.H. "The president ', 'of Endorsement category: Mitt Romney  Mike Rowe , host of the  Discovery  Channel series " Dirty Jobs ," appeared with Mitt Romney Sept. 26 proclaimed at the McAuliffe-Shepard  Discovery  Center in Concord, N.H. "The president ', 'of Endorsement category: Mitt Romney  Mike Rowe , host of the  Discovery  Channel series " Dirty Jobs ," appeared with Mitt Romney Sept. 26 proclaimed at the McAuliffe-Shepard  Discovery  Center in Concord, N.H. "The president ', 'of Endorsement category: Mitt Romney  Mike Rowe , host of the  Discovery  Channel series " Dirty Jobs ," appeared with Mitt Romney Sept. 26 proclaimed at the McAuliffe-Shepard  Discovery  Center in Concord, N.H. "The president ', 'of Endorsement category: Mitt Romney  Mike Rowe , host of the  Discovery  Channel series " Dirty Jobs ," appeared with Mitt Romney Sept. 26 proclaimed at the McAuliffe-Shepard  Discovery  Center in Concord, N.H. "The president ', 'of Endorsement category: Mitt Romney  Mike Rowe , host of the  Discovery  Channel series " Dirty Jobs ," appeared with Mitt Romney Sept. 26 proclaimed at the McAuliffe-Shepard  Discovery  Center in Concord, N.H. "The president ', 'Of Endorsement category: Mitt Romney  Mike Rowe , host of the  Discovery  Channel series " Dirty Jobs ," appeared with Mitt Romney Sept. 26 proclaimed at the McAuliffe-Shepard  Discovery  Center in Concord, N.H. "The president ', 'Of Endorsement category: Mitt Romney  Mike Rowe , host of the  Discovery  Channel series, " Dirty Jobs ," appeared with Mitt Romney Sept proclaimed at the McAuliffe-Shepard  Discovery  Center in Concord, N.H. "The president ', 'campaign trotted out  Mike Rowe , TV host of  Discovery  Channel\'s " Dirty Jobs ." "People with  dirty jobs , skilled tradesmen Romney noted that  Mike Rowe  has made a name for do. "Really ugly  dirty jobs  like standing with ', 'Endorsement category: Mitt Romney  Mike Rowe , host of the  Discovery  Channel series, " Dirty Jobs ," appeared with Mitt Romney Sept proclaimed at the McAuliffe-Shepard  Discovery  Center in Concord, N.H. "The president ', "Mike Rowe  knows a thing or two about getting dirty. That's because Rowe, the creator and executive producer of  Discovery  Channel's Emmy-nominated series  Dirty Jobs  With  Mike Rowe  , has tried over 300 greasy, sooty, oily, charcoaly ", "shipping rates apply. My  Dirty Jobs :  Dirty Jobs  Complete Cleaning Products Original buydirtyjobs.com (promo code GMA) My  Dirty Jobs , inspired by  Mike Rowe 's  Discovery  Channel series  Dirty Jobs , is a heavy-duty cleaning product ", "Morning America now my guest is  dirty jobs  host Mike were nice to be morning Mike good morning. Mr.  dirty jobs  your your show was so popular is reduces the people the  discovery  idea how well about I stole there's really no end to  dirty jobs  and the fact that a show like ", "the -- -- keep the Good Morning America now my guest is dirty jobs host Mike were nice to be here thank good morning Mike good morning. Mr. dirty jobs your your show was so popular it's so fascinating. And is just -- -- you'd just will never do on -- As ", "on right now column so. You know there's really no end to dirty jobs and the fact that a show like this -- guy like -- can wind up. You know being recognized and described -- ", "grateful to be sitting behind the deaths. The areas. Under water. Swimming with the That's might host of  discovery  channel's  dirty jobs  he is also host of their upcoming shark week. We actually get bitten by sharks not like ones not the computer ", "Under water. Swimming with the -- That's might -- -- host of discovery channel's dirty jobs he is also host of their upcoming shark week. We actually get bitten by sharks not like -- ones not the computer ", 'collectively and shake them as hard as I could last micro hosts the  Discovery  Channel show. Dirty job trying out the nasty jobs in America then invite them to spend the day with me my average day on  dirty jobs  between twelve and eighteen hours. And I go shoulder to shoulder ', 'and shake them as hard as I could last micro hosts the Discovery Channel show. Dirty job trying out the nasty jobs in America. Garbage it technician. The person who turned to casino buff -- into food for -- I would then invite them to spend the day with me my average day on dirty jobs -- between twelve and eighteen hours. And I go shoulder to shoulder with men and women who work that -- shift every ']