['looked shocked and admitted he was blushing, as crew off camera screamed. "Our publicist is freaking out right now,"  Drew Lachey  quipped. "It may not be [funny] tomorrow but it is tonight," Lachey said. Lachey, who\'s married to TV host ', 'are the second-highest placing group of stars in history, after athletes. Starting with former 98 Degrees member  Drew Lachey , who won season two, musicians have won three of the competitions and placed second four times. Their experience ', 'entertained with routines from the celebrities that were eliminated during the season: Pamela Anderson, Kirstie Alley,  Drew Lachey , Joey Fatone, Gilles Marini, Bristol Palin, Sabrina Bryan, Helio Castroneves, Emmitt Smith and Apolo Ohno. PHOTOS ', 'and Kym Johnson replacing finalists Kelly Monaco and Val Chmerkovskiy and Helio Castroneves and Chelsie Hightower and  Drew Lachey  and Anna Trebunskaya taking the place of Shawn Johnson and Derek Hough and Melissa Rycroft and Tony Dovolani. I have ', 'glowing 31-year-old looked like she was back to her pre-baby figure as she headed out to cheer on brother-in-law  Drew Lachey  in "Dancing With the Stars: All Stars." Jessica Simpson As the new face of Weight Watchers, Jessica Simpson hasn\'t ', 'high-profile partners on the show, including former U.S. Rep. Tom DeLay, entertainer Wayne Newton and singer  Drew Lachey , but says the time she has devoted to them and the show is keeping her from finding a real-life soulmate. "It sounds ', "'Dancing With the Stars: All-Stars' Recap: Gilles Marini, Shawn Johnson Tied for First Place in Week 4", 'judges\' scores, combined. The celebrity with the lowest combined total will be voted off. Helio Castroneves and  Drew Lachey , who both won the seasons on which they appeared on "Dancing," were sent home in a double-elimination last week ', '(Image Credit: T Roth/Getty Images)  Drew Lachey  of 98 Degrees, who won season two of ABC\'s "Dancing additional plans, but a full-fledged reunion is on tap,  Drew Lachey  told ABC News Radio. "We\'re going to start heading ', 'ABC  Drew Lachey  of 98 Degrees, who won season two of ABC\'s "Dancing with the Stars," returned to the show this season for its All-Stars ', 'about a fire that broke out on her campaign plane last month. Romney and "GMA" host George Stephanopolous interviewed  Drew Lachey  and Helio Castroneves, the recently eliminated celebrities from talent show "Dancing with the Stars." "How did ', 'ABC Helio Castroneves and  Drew Lachey  were sent packing on "Dancing With the Stars: All-Stars" on Tuesday night. The elimination drew boos from the ballroom audience ', 'glowing 31-year-old looked like she was back to her pre-baby figure as she headed out to cheer on brother-in-law  Drew Lachey  in "Dancing With the Stars: All Stars." Lachey dropped her pregnancy pounds incredibly fast, but that\'s not true ', "And speaking of Father's Day there are plenty of celeb dads getting ready to enjoy their day and we have one of them here with us today. Drew let's say hi thanks so much for being parent my pleasure thanks for having Now you have two beautiful children Isabella and just last year you welcomed", "We turn out to 98 degrees star drew the shape and He has truly taken a ninety degree turn from singing pop songs about love. To helping America rewrite the classic schoolyard chant. Beam the magical fruit yet you know what I'm talking about He joins us today to reveal the winner of the contest. And", "There yeah. other half of the garden of foundation. We thank the. Again that's good beer and we'd like it's it's more a lightweight Jackie you know as we bring out counts every every coastline cool daddy's style we're like corn it's it's it's very fashionable but all right and what your classic got", 'competition right now is -- our season two champion, drew and anna. Another former champion falls. Helio and chelsie.  Drew lachey , and anna trebunskaya, along with helio castroneves and chelsie hightower. This is like a finals. All of you are ', 'two champion, drew and anna. Another former champion falls. Helio and chelsie. Drew lachey , and anna trebunskaya, along with helio castroneves and chelsie hightower. This is like a finals. All of you are champions. Someone has ', 'Helio Castroneves and  Drew Lachey  both get sent home from "Dancing With the Stars."']