["And speaking of Father's Day there are plenty of celeb dads getting ready to enjoy their day and we have one of them here with us today. Drew let's say hi thanks so much for being parent my pleasure thanks for having Now you have two beautiful children Isabella and just last year you welcomed", "We turn out to 98 degrees star drew the shape and He has truly taken a ninety degree turn from singing pop songs about love. To helping America rewrite the classic schoolyard chant. Beam the magical fruit yet you know what I'm talking about He joins us today to reveal the winner of the contest. And", "There yeah. other half of the garden of foundation. We thank the. Again that's good beer and we'd like it's it's more a lightweight Jackie you know as we bring out counts every every coastline cool daddy's style we're like corn it's it's it's very fashionable but all right and what your classic got", 'competition right now is -- our season two champion, drew and anna. Another former champion falls. Helio and chelsie.  Drew lachey , and anna trebunskaya, along with helio castroneves and chelsie hightower. This is like a finals. All of you are ', 'two champion, drew and anna. Another former champion falls. Helio and chelsie. Drew lachey , and anna trebunskaya, along with helio castroneves and chelsie hightower. This is like a finals. All of you are champions. Someone has ', 'Helio Castroneves and  Drew Lachey  both get sent home from "Dancing With the Stars."', 'burke won with emmitt smith and  drew lachey  and barely lost with gilles marini cheryl burke go was emmitt. Sorry  drew lachey . And gilles marini as well. And their former pro. How do you think  drew lachey  is feeling this morning, melissa ', "against stars they once taught. Cheryl burke won with emmitt smith and drew lachey and barely lost with gilles marini. What if none of them are assigned to cheryl this time? It's not her fault she's ", 'emmitt smith will be dancing, yes, cheryl burke go was emmitt. Sorry drew lachey . And gilles marini as well. And pamela anderson will dance with handsome and adorable tristan MacManus. Such an adorable pair. And joey ', "not get matched up with their former pro. How do you think drew lachey is feeling this morning, melissa. I think he might be a little jealous. There's something cool about getting to do it again, ", "will chance the cha-cha tonight worried about a hamstring injury. He'll be jiving against helio castroneves and  drew lachey  who won't exhibit his sexiness unless he has top. If it's trophy or no trophy, the shirt will come off. 3,000 ", "worried about a hamstring injury. He'll be jiving against helio castroneves and drew lachey who won't exhibit his sexiness unless he has top. If it's trophy or no trophy, the shirt will come off. 3,000 times ", "ago. We're going to try and do it again. This is a little crazy for you, cheryl. Two of your former partners,  drew lachey  and gilles marini are returning. Do you feel strange as to who you give your allegiance to? I think in the beginning ", 'is a little crazy for you, cheryl. Two of your former partners, drew lachey and gilles marini are returning. Do you feel strange as to who you give your allegiance to? I think in the beginning ', "like? I'm not very tall. A blond. Reporter: Oh, it has to be a blonde? My girlfriend is brunette. Reporter:  Drew lachey  took home the coveted trophy. In this showdown, another former boy band star, 'n synch's joey fatone never won ", "Oh, it has to be a blonde? My girlfriend is brunette. Reporter: Drew lachey took home the coveted trophy. In this showdown, another former boy band star, 'n synch's joey fatone never won. Lost to riflery ", 'trophy in 2009. I wonder which one she cherishes more. More past winners saddling up to compete. Our favorite cowboy,  drew lachey , who won season 2, hopefully ready to put those chaps back on. That was my favorite. And cowboy on the football ', 'cherishes more. More past winners saddling up to compete. Our favorite cowboy, drew lachey , who won season 2, hopefully ready to put those chaps back on. That was my favorite. And cowboy on the football field ']