['Police in Colorado say an arrest warrant has been issued for the wife of TV  bounty hunter Duane  " Dog "  Chapman  after she was accused of verbally harassing a teenager. Attorneys for Beth Chapman say she did nothing wrong. The Colorado Springs ', 'and has declined to press charges. In what sounds like one of Cage\'s post-Oscar flops, reality star Duane " Dog the Bounty Hunter " Chapman came to the financially strapped star\'s rescue , posting the $11,000 bond. 2. Off-Screen/On-Screen ', 'other officers," said the inmate. In what sounds like one of Cage\'s post-Oscar flops, reality star Duane " Dog the Bounty Hunter " Chapman came to the financially strapped star\'s rescue, posting the $11,000 bond. In a statement to E ', 'Wild World of Nicolas Cage: Naked Fudgesicle Man Latest in Long List of Troubles', 'and has declined to press charges. In what sounds like one of Cage\'s post-Oscar flops, reality star Duane " Dog the Bounty Hunter " Chapman came to the financially strapped star\'s rescue , posting the $11,000 bond. 2. Off-Screen/On-Screen ', 'all the other officers," he said. In what sounds like one of Cage\'s post-Oscar flops, reality star Duane " Dog the Bounty Hunter " Chapman came to the financially strapped star\'s rescue , posting the $11,000 bond. In a statement to E ', 'bailed out by reality TV star  Duane  " Dog "  Chapman . "I am a truly dedicated fan Chapman, a bail bondsman and  bounty hunter  who parlayed his colorful personality to land a TV show, " Dog the Bounty Hunter ." "I performed my duties ', 'with a high-profile Mexican attorney best known for successfully defending Duane Chapman, otherwise known as " Dog ,  the Bounty Hunter ," when he was accused of illegally arresting a convicted rapist. Police believe Beresford-Redman\'s wife ', 'plane crash. The Chapmans Show:  Dog the Bounty Hunter ,  A & E  (Wednesday, 9 ET/PT) The Dramatic turn: The fate of the  A & E  series was in doubt after a recording 2007. Chapman apologized, but  A & E  suspended production of his show ', 'audio clip of  bounty hunter  and reality TV star  Duane  " Dog "  Chapman  caught in a 54, whose  A & E  show, " Dog the Bounty Hunter ," was suspended not condemn  A & E \'s decision apology, the  bounty hunter , who in part ', 'favorite  bounty hunter ,  Duane  " Dog "  Chapman , is out hunting. The  Bounty Hunter  Is Born support\' and \' Dog the Bounty Hunter \' became reality show,  A & E \'s " Dog the Bounty Hunter ," but would interview with  Duane  " Dog "  Chapman . For more tune into " Dog the Bounty Hunter " on  A & E  or pick up ', 'Duane  " Dog "  Chapman  has been a  bounty hunter  for more called " Dog the Bounty Hunter ." His new My name is  Duane Lee Chapman . My friends me Dog --  Dog the Bounty Hunter . For more greatest  bounty hunter  who ever ', '" A & E  supports Dog and his family during the arrest of reality show star and  bounty hunter Duane  " Dog "  Chapman  today. U.S. Marshals arrested Leland Blaine Chapman and fellow  bounty hunter  Tim Chapman (no relation) were ', 'Marshals have arrested reality show star and  bounty hunter Duane  " Dog "  Chapman  for extradition to Mexico. Chapman, his son Leland Blaine Chapman and fellow  bounty hunter  Tim Chapman (no relation) were arrested in Hawaii ', 'He of the nation\'s best known  bounty hunter  and  Duane  " Dog "  Chapman  known. Four always catching his man while caught by his side on eighties hit reality show  dog the bounty hunter  Bev Smith. The happy couple married in Hawaii ', 'He of the nation\'s best known bounty hunter -- -- and Duane " Dog " Chapman known. Four always catching his man while another tibbles of terror. And dog is the one who has been caught by his side -- on eighties hit reality show dog the bounty hunter Bev Smith. The happy couple married in Hawaii back in May and we\'re pleased -- have a newlyweds with us this morning ', 'of congress stand up for a  bounty hunter  named dog. ABC\'s national has a sign of the times.  Duane  " Dog "  Chapman . American  bounty hunter  crime fighter and popular and I don\'t think that  dog Chapman  is getting a fair shake ', 'show of support. Why would members of congress stand up for a bounty hunter named dog. ABC\'s national correspondent Jake Tapper has a sign of the times. Duane " Dog " Chapman American bounty hunter crime fighter and popular reality TV star on basic cable. It\'s -- weapons. Dogs burst onto the national scene three years ago ', 'standing by standing and but they never had to it was all along. That was here was hugging the dog the artist yet all  dog the bounty hunter  and I. Settled once and for all that investigative team here.', 'was here was hugging the dog the artist yet -- -- all dog the bounty hunter and I. Settled once and for all that -- -- investigative team here. ', "of saying quote why don't you just arrest me they did. He was reportedly bailed out of jail by none other than  dog the bounty hunter . When asked to comment on getting the superstar out of the slammer dog said quote. I a truly dedicated fan of ", 'did. He was reportedly bailed out of jail by none other than dog the bounty hunter When asked to comment on getting the superstar out of the slammer dog said quote. I -- a truly dedicated fan of ', 'be arguing in this tattoo parlor captured on surveillance video obtained by TMZ. Add another dash of Hollywood.  Dog the bounty hunter  bailed him out. He released this statement I perform my duties as a bail Bondsman and not in connection with our ', 'captured on surveillance video obtained by TMZ. Add another dash of Hollywood. Dog the bounty hunter bailed him out. He released this statement I perform my duties as a bail Bondsman and not in connection with our show ', 'profile Mexican defense attorney. Best known for successfully defending someone else from the world of reality TV.  Dog the bounty hunter  who is accused of illegally arresting convicted rapists south of the border by Mexican prosecutors have called former ', 'known for successfully defending someone else from the world of reality TV. Dog the bounty hunter who is accused of illegally arresting convicted rapists south of the border by Mexican prosecutors have called former survivor producer -- for ', "that's the right there. stupid TV to come home much stupid tediously there was a victim that what stupid TV.  Dog the bounty hunter  miss tonight I think dog the bounty on miss that guy animus and now dog if you job entails creeping up on people ", 'home much stupid tediously there was a victim that what stupid TV. Dog the bounty hunter -- -- miss tonight I think dog the bounty on -- miss that guy animus and now dog if you job entails ']