["that is about to come up and over the budget in the debt ceiling and shut down the president saying these are the things that are important about we grow. And he's gonna say look the ", "equal moment as they approached the budget fight of the fall the debt ceiling increase debate. Which you know everyone's in their corners and as I said it's a -- Lional stand those corners for another ", "majority Harry Reid that they will never ever be negotiating on the debt ceiling is an absolute. -- and it's they should just stop saying it because they're going to negotiate on the debt ceiling what they negotiate on is another question but there would be negotiations. Bing Bada bing. -- slam one minute ago we should ", 'about how this is starting to develop as we head towards this debt ceiling fight. Well it depends where they give correspondent who works -- about a -- And that Casey could be famous -- -- ', "with Republicans. So is he still relevant when it comes to the debt ceiling . Well yeah it's an interesting question because the debt ceiling issue. Is a Lyndon ambiguous. Talk of the president's lame duck status ramp up in April. And what is bush. For gun control and they fail. So the debt ceiling what will put will put this over here. I think it still makes -- -- -- the push for gun control -- ", "For extending the nation's borrowing authority. We are not negotiating. On. The debt ceiling the president has said this I've said -- hand I don't know how many more times we need to say that. Meanwhile ", "majority leader saying that you want to repeal obamacare tied to the debt ceiling . Here is -- -- -- Tom Cole today are reacting to that. Seems to -- there's appropriate ways you law which. Shutting ", "senate majority leader saying he wanted to repeal obamacare tied to the debt ceiling . Here is -- -- -- Tom Cole today. I'm reacting to that. Seems to -- there's appropriate ways you can -- shutting ", "-- and at the end. Are. The -- the breach of the debt ceiling . The -- I really. Would be courage continuing resolution allowing the government to function in the absence of a budget. He hadn't ", "issue is going to be whether that occurs or not. On the debt ceiling Republicans. Citizens the majority leader said. They have laid a line in the sand that they weren't gonna make. Adjustments. Republican -- ", "before October 1 -- gonna have a continuing resolution to -- the debt ceiling . Both which are monumental events and I think -- you don't want to do end up shutting down the government every time ", "the economic fights that are coming up down the pike cramming between debt ceiling -- budget and all that. This didn't move the needle at all what do you think would. He wants to portray himself "]