['the floor laughing." \'Dancing\'s\' Star-Studded Season 10 Soap star Aiden Turner and his vivacious partner,  Edyta Sliwinska , rumba\'d their way off the dance floor in the third elimination. "I feel I got robbed," the actor said on ', 'star Aiden Turner was voted off "Dancing With the Stars" tonight after rambling through a rumba with his partner  Edyta Sliwinska . Gosselin had not only survived again, but she somehow avoided landing in the bottom two this week, a testament ', 'Plus 8" featuring her children. Actor Aiden Turner Sent Home Soap star Aiden Turner and his vivacious partner,  Edyta Sliwinska , last week rumba\'d their way off the dance floor . "I feel I got robbed," the actor said on "Good Morning America ', 'times until we cried. ... I would roll on the floor laughing." Soap star Aiden Turner and his vivacious partner,  Edyta Sliwinska , rumba\'d their way off the dance floor in the third elimination. "I feel I got robbed," the actor said on ', 'times until we cried. ... I would roll on the floor laughing." Soap star Aiden Turner and his vivacious partner,  Edyta Sliwinska , rumba\'d their way off the dance floor in the third elimination. "I feel I got robbed," the actor said on ', 'soap opera, and this week one of soap\'s most charismatic leading men, Aiden Turner, and his vivacious partner  Edyta Sliwinska  rumba\'d their way off the dance floor. "I feel I got robbed," the actor said on "Good Morning America" today ', 'on the show. Hamilton and Gray appeared on "Good Morning America" today with their professional dance partners,  Edyta Sliwinska  and Jonathan Roberts. "It was the first time I had ever done anything like that," Gray said, adding that she ', 'teams with Jonathan Roberts, who returns for his seventh season. Ashley Hamilton, actor and comedian, teams with  Edyta Sliwinska , who is the only pro to compete in all nine seasons of "Dancing With the Stars." Melissa Joan Hart, actress ', '24/30) Lawrence Taylor and  Edyta Sliwinska  (21/30) Adios to Comedian couple Maksim Chmerkovskiy and  Edyta Sliwinska  lit up the dance floor with a 21/30) Lawrence Taylor and  Edyta Sliwinska  (20/30) Steve-O and Lacey ', 'Season 7 champ Derek Hough , who returns for his sixth season. Aiden Turner, Soap Star Turner will partner with  Edyta Sliwinska  , the only pro to compete in all ten seasons of "Dancing with the Stars."', 'Season 7 champ Derek Hough , who returns for his sixth season. Aiden Turner, Soap Star Turner will partner with  Edyta Sliwinska  , the only pro to compete in all ten seasons of "Dancing with the Stars."', 'Season 7 champ Derek Hough , who returns for his sixth season. Aiden Turner, Soap Star Turner will partner with  Edyta Sliwinska  , the only pro to compete in all 10 seasons of "Dancing with the Stars."', 'Hugh Hefner, Donald Trump and Pamela Anderson. He\'ll try not to be a punch line while on the dance floor with  Edyta Sliwinska , the only pro to compete in all seven seasons of "DWTS." Warren Sapp Warren Sapp comes to the "DWTS" stage fresh ', 'We have the first couple sent home last night you know him as comedian Jeffrey Ross you know her as very talented.  Edyta Sliwinska  they join us from Los Angeles. Under not to have these circumstances. Nice of you to join us this morning nevertheless ', 'him as comedian Jeffrey Ross you know her as -- very talented. Edyta Sliwinska they join us from Los Angeles. Under -- not to have these -- circumstances. Nice of you to join us this morning ', "That and dove down here. That for the Madrid announced the the night but we're so happy that camera map for them  Edyta Sliwinska  with We're now right now. White woke and here we are. Good That's right in your eyes are not read anything yet ", "the the night but we're so happy that camera map for them Edyta Sliwinska with -- -- We're now right now. White woke -- and here we are. Good -- That's right in your eyes are ", "emulate comedienne very funny guy Jeffrey Ross Jeffrey rob thanks Adam. look like Mother Teresa and and he's with the  Edyta Sliwinska . I just got it. Victory. Amanda haven't got Null and I gotta get that visual routers that are. All right the ", "thanks Adam. -- look like Mother Teresa and and he's with the Edyta Sliwinska . I just got it. Victory. Amanda haven't got Null and I gotta get that visual routers that are. All right the twelve "]