['Following." "Breaking Bad," now in its final  episodes  on AMC, goes out with a best drama Emmy nomination comedy are Jim Parsons for "The Big Bang Theory":  Matt LeBlanc  for " Episodes "; Don Cheadle for "House of Lies"; Louis C ', 'Comedy Series: Jason Bateman, "Arrested Development," Netflix; Jim Parsons, "The Big Bang Theory," CBS;  Matt LeBlanc , " Episodes ," Showtime; Don Cheadle, "House of Lies," Showtime; Louis C.K., "Louie," FX Networks; Alec Baldwin ', 'Series Alec Baldwin, 30 Rock Jason Bateman, Arrested Development Louis C.K., Louie Don Cheadle, House of Lies  Matt LeBlanc ,  Episodes  Jim Parsons, The Big Bang Theory Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Comedy Series Adam Driver, Girls Jessey Tyler ', 'Parsons, "The Big Bang Theory";  Matt LeBlanc , " Episodes "; Alec Baldwin, "30 Rock will take home the top prize.  Matt LeBlanc , who won a Golden Globe previously for " Episodes ," is even better this season ', 'Series, Comedy or Musical "The Big Bang Theory" " Episodes " "Girls" "Modern Family" "Smash" Best Actor Cheadle, "House of Lies" Louis C.K., "Louis"  Matt LeBlanc , " Episodes " Jim Parsons, "The Big Bang Theory" Best Actress ', 'Pretty great. ABCNews.com talked with a beaming  Matt LeBlanc  after he won a Golden Globe Sunday night. That Globe, best actor in a TV comedy for " Episodes ," is his first. Though LeBlanc won rave reviews for ', 'princesses were read aloud in a Marilyn Monroe voice!"  Matt LeBlanc , who never won a Golden Globe back when he was on "Friends," finally earned one for his Showtime series " Episodes ." Kelsey Grammer, who\'d previously won for "Frasier ', 'clubs across America, the doors are cracking open."  Matt LeBlanc  (winner, best actor in a TV comedy, " Episodes ") on a rumored "Friends" movie: "There\'s no plans ', 'in Television Series, Comedy:  Matt LeBlanc  Speaking of comebacks, "Friends" star  Matt LeBlanc  is favored to win for playing a sleazy parody of himself in " Episodes ," about a married team of British ', 'Rock"; Louis C.K., "Louie"; Steve Carell, "The Office"; Johnny Galecki, "The Big Bang Theory";  Matt LeBlanc , " Episodes "; Jim Parsons, "The Big Bang Theory" Carrell has been nominated in this category five years in a row but ', 'Rock"; Louis C.K., "Louie"; Steve Carell, "The Office"; Johnny Galecki, "The Big Bang Theory";  Matt LeBlanc , " Episodes "; Jim Parsons, "The Big Bang Theory" Carrell has been nominated in this category five years in a row but ', 'bro-tastic show. Seven more  episodes  and Vince and Co. say cushy characters cannot.  Matt LeBlanc  parodied his personality for Showtime\'s " Episodes " and scored an Emmy nomination goes into overdrive in  episodes  four through eight, the ', 'are. Alec Baldwin 30 Rock. Jason Bateman arrested developments. Louie CK. Louie. Don Cheadle house of lies.  Matt LeBlanc episodes . And Jim Parsons the Big Bang theory. The nominees for lead actress in a comedy series are. Laura Dern and lights ', 'Jason Bateman arrested developments. Louie CK. Louie. Don Cheadle house of lies. Matt LeBlanc episodes . And Jim Parsons the Big Bang theory. The nominees for lead actress in a comedy series are. Laura Dern and lights and ', "And the Golden Globe goes to.  Matt LeBlanc .  Matt LeBlanc  congratulations after being in the business If this pretty good this is go around this. One. Kind of bummed that the win but I don't think this is anxious with the issue providers ", 'And the Golden Globe goes to. Matt LeBlanc . Matt LeBlanc congratulations -- -- -- after being in the business -- If this pretty good this is -- go around this. One. Kind ', "our. Alec Baldwin 30 Rock. Luis CK. Relief. corral the office. Johnny go like he's the Big Bang theory.  Matt LeBlanc episodes . And Jim Parsons the Big Bang theory. Melissa let's complete the announced announcements pardon me by bringing ", "-- corral the office. Johnny go like he's the Big Bang theory. Matt LeBlanc episodes . And Jim Parsons the Big Bang theory. Melissa let's complete the -- announced announcements pardon me by bringing back John -- to "]