['its initial TBS airing. "American Dad!" follows staunch conservative and CIA agent Stan Smith and the misadventures of his odd-ball family in Langley Falls, Va. The show\'s creators included " Family Guy " mastermind Seth MacFarlane.', 'moved on, too. Adam West, who starred as the classic Batman of the \'60s, is now the voice of Mayor West on TV\'s " Family Guy ." To most folks, however, he will always be the Caped Crusader. In fact, he said he spent years trying to escape ', 'article," a reader named Steve posted on the Movoto blog. "It\'s written about on the level of Brian the dog on \' Family Guy .\' It\'s almost impossible to believe that not only is someone getting paid for this, but that it\'s published at ', 'role in the 2011 flick "Rampart." He\'s a huge fan of the video game "World of Warcraft" and the animated series " Family Guy ." Capra is ready for a "Veronica Mars" movie. He tweeted, "I\'m ready," Wednesday with a photo of the cast ', 'Oscars and actress Jane Fonda counts herself as one of those who was not particularly impressed, especially with the " Family Guy " creator\'s "We Saw Your Boobs" gag song during the telecast. The song, which MacFarlane sang with the Gay Men\'s ', 'With " Family Guy " and "Ted" under his belt, we knew Seth MacFarlane was going to be tweeted, "Disappointed that @SethMacFarlane didn\'t do any of the  family guy  voices!! Like stewie!" Stars were also split on MacFarlane\'s hosting ', "Awards? Let me preface this by noting that I am not a fan of Seth MacFarlane's work. I have seen enough episodes of  Family Guy  to know that, while it certainly includes its fair share of great jokes and visual gags, it's not my thing. I've ", 'dazzlingly mediocre?" Despite his self-deprecation, MacFarlane is a huge talent. He co-created the hit shows " Family Guy ," "American Dad!" and "The Cleveland Show," and provides several of the voices. FULL COVERAGE: 85th Annual ', 'the other half, mostly his young " Family Guy " fan base, cheered. Though MacFarlane wildly popular animated TV shows, " Family Guy ," "The Cleveland Show" and Larry," which became the seed for " Family Guy ." He Made History At age 24, MacFarlane ', 'I actually didn\'t think there was any chance that would happen." FULL COVERAGE: 85th Annual Academy Awards The " Family Guy " creator, who is also a singer and released his debut studio album this year, titled "Music Is Better Than Words ', 'based on the amount of evidence at the scene. "It\'s left the community very unsettled," he said. "He was an elected official, a leader in his church and, on the surface, a strong  family guy . It\'s very disconcerting for everyone."', 'unlimited streaming through the app, meaning you can watch non-stop episodes of "Modern Family," "The Office," " Family Guy ," "Glee," "The New Girl," and more. You get all the standard video controls, but move to the split screen mode ', 'night, without the noise disturbing neighbors. Tyson Boulette, an electrician who describes himself as "a regular old  family guy ," works underground at a gold mine in Elko. He tells ABC News that three or four years ago he bought a version of ', 'other but have recently wrote. Friendly prior one off cameos made by Dan in net of voices homer appearing on  Family Guy . And  Family Guy  creator Seth MacFarlane on the Simpsons episode is due to in the 2014.', 'cameos made by Dan -- in net of voices homer appearing on Family Guy . And Family Guy creator Seth MacFarlane on the Simpsons episode is due to -- in the -- 2014. ', 'Cherry red day here. Jason derulo. Happy friday to you. We begin with "the simpsons" and " family guy ," peter griffin. They\'re joining forces. Producers are making a crossover episode called "the simpsons guy." Peter ends ', 'Jason derulo. Happy friday to you. We begin with "the simpsons" and " family guy ," peter griffin. They\'re joining forces. Producers are making a crossover episode called "the simpsons guy." Peter ends up in springfield. The cartoon ', 'will be played by Paul. Former White House chief of staff in Chicago mayor rob. Manuel. Will be played do we from the  Family Guy . Secretary of state John Kerry will be played by. An Easter Island head. I cannot tell those two apart. Supreme Court ', 'Chicago mayor rob. Manuel. Will be played -- do we from the Family Guy . Secretary of state John Kerry will be played by. An Easter Island head. I cannot tell those two apart. Supreme Court Chief ', 'Paul Giamatti. Former White House chief of staff in Chicago mayor rob. Annual. Will be played vice do we from the  Family Guy . Secretary of state John Kerry will be played by. An Easter Island head. I cannot tell those two apart. Supreme Court ', 'Chicago mayor rob. Annual. Will be played vice do we from the Family Guy . Secretary of state John Kerry will be played by. An Easter Island head. I cannot tell those two apart. Supreme Court Chief ', 'year\'s oscars. seth MacFarlane, who created "the  family guy " cartoon has been cast as the host. Chris connelly Been raising historical laughter, ever since fox put " family guy " on the air in 1989. Look at my fanny. Reporter ', 'the big surprise for next year\'s oscars. seth MacFarlane, who created "the family guy " cartoon has been cast as the host. Chris connelly has more on this out-of-the box pick. Oh, the mic\'s over there. This ', 'CHARACTER VOICE, MacFARLANE HAS Been raising historical laughter, ever since fox put " family guy " on the air in 1989. Look at my fanny. Reporter: This summer, MacFARLANE LED "TED" TO BOX Office success. That got him ', "last week's episode of Fox's  Family Guy  that has fueled a politically correct seeing gain debt they For Palin the  Family Guy  is the latest in a barrage of well posting daughter Bristol called the  Family Guy  writers heartless jerks. For Good ", "-- a line that she voiced on last week's episode of Fox's Family Guy that has fueled a politically correct firestorm and gagged in -- -- and and I am not just the former governor -- -- act. Sarah Palin wasn't laughing on Fox's O'Reilly Factor -- -- we -- be willing to say you know something's just aren't really funny Andrea says it was a barb aimed at not and Trig Palin who has Down syndrome. But at the former governor herself -- pain and seeing gain debt they -- For Palin the Family Guy -- is the latest in a barrage of well publicized insults against the disabled. But the cartoons creator says it is the ", 'with the -- part in the FaceBook posting daughter Bristol called the Family Guy writers heartless jerks. For Good Morning America Jeremy Hubbard ABC news New York. ']