['Watson, 38, has been married twice and has two sons from his second marriage to Tracy Hutson of " Extreme Makeover :  Home Edition ." In May, a rep for Watson announced that he\'s expecting another child with Natasha Gregson Wagner ', "'Revolution' Host Ty Pennington  on Living in His Dressing Room, Settling Down and His Vomit Bag Collection", 'Ty Pennington , the host of upcoming popular TV series, " Extreme Makeover :  Home Edition ," to "The Revolution were shed over " Extreme Makeover \'s" series finale The end of " Extreme Makeover " also means saying ', 'lifetime today when  Ty Pennington  and the team from ABC\'s "  Extreme Makeover :  Home Edition  " knocked on to greet the "  Extreme Makeover  " team. "Yet like this." " Extreme Makeover :  Home Edition " has taken on ', 'They are the rooms ABC\'s hit reality show " Extreme Makeover :  Home Edition " is made of. The ship and sword-laden pirate bedrooms for boys. The dream-like princess rooms for girls. The room transformations ', 'Ellen Rakieten, formerly an executive producer for "Oprah," and Tom Forman, creator of ABC\'s " Extreme Makeover :  Home Edition ," the documentary quickly recaps the scandal that forced Haggard to resign from New Life and drove him ', 'trying to get me in trouble with my wife!" Carey recently filmed an episode of the ABC reality show "  Extreme Makeover Home Edition  " clad in a oversized t-shirt and black tights -- a much more casual look than her usual skin-tight ', 'for someone with such severe injuries. In 2007 on a television-themed Web site reviewing ABC\'s " Extreme Makeover :  Home Edition ," Shane\'s sister wrote about how hard it was to raise money to pay for his care. "No one seems to ', 'each episode --" Extreme Makeover \'s" fan base dropped Though the original " Extreme Makeover " was taken off the expanding thanks to " Extreme Makeover :  Home Edition ," in which host  Ty Pennington  and a team of helpers ', 'Blaine: Frozen in Time," "Michael Jackson Talks to Oprah," and the only live broadcast of ABC\'s " Extreme Makeover :  Home Edition ." For ABC Sports, Goodman has been the director and/or coordinating director for 10 Olympic Games ', 'Blaine: Frozen in Time," "Michael Jackson Talks to Oprah," and the only live broadcast of ABC\'s " Extreme Makeover :  Home Edition ." For ABC Sports, Goodman has been the director and/or coordinating director for 10 Olympic Games ', 'Ty drops by to give a sneak-peek on the fifth season of " Extreme Home Makeover ."', "We have a preview of a very special  extreme makeover home edition  are on Sam Champion went behind the scenes A plea answered by the popular ABC show  extreme makeover home edition  and its army. Volunteers. So let's ", 'We have a preview of a very special extreme makeover home edition are on Sam Champion went behind the scenes with some very special guests. To help one deserving woman get her dreams back ', "backpedaling and our daycare. A plea answered by the popular ABC show extreme makeover home edition and its army. Volunteers. So let's. As -- Cindy and her two children took off on a weeklong vacation from work and ", "can afford she got herself into trouble in the house was coming down. And didn't good folks of that  extreme makeover home edition  fixed it all up and tied everybody not that house down. With drive of the front loader. And we got a ", "in the house was coming down. And didn't good folks of that extreme makeover home edition fixed it all up and tied everybody not that house down. With -- drive of the front loader. And we got a ", 'An  extreme makeover home edition . Has been making dreams come true now for nine seasons leading the charge step. Help people really help themselves  Ty Pennington  could. two hours this Sunday at 7 eastern on ABC I wanna see the focus this year ', 'An extreme makeover home edition Has been making dreams come true now for nine seasons leading the charge step. Help people really help themselves Ty Pennington could. -- two hours this Sunday at 7 eastern on ABC I wanna see the focus this year do you guys do ', "We're gonna show America the inside of the house you won't get to see it yet but. Hang on clothes everybody's eyes in America take a look at the inside. This your exclusive inside tour of the It's designed in the tradition log cabin because the family's love of nature. The four bedroom two bathroom", 'was safe are your friends of  extreme makeover home edition . neighborhood torn apart by extreme it. Last nine seasons  extreme makeover home edition  has been Proving that sometimes decided team up with our that  extreme makeover home edition  as they take on their biggest ', "the big events in Joplin Missouri was safe are your friends of extreme makeover home edition -- neighborhood torn apart by the devastating tornado just a few months ago is being rebuilt. In just the -- -- You're ", "but -- Here comes the team from extreme it. Last nine seasons extreme makeover home edition has been -- Proving that sometimes. Paula takes his three little words to change a family's life for a what makes them. The move that -- moment. -- -- Resolve captured simple moment. And that's why GMA decided -- team up with our -- that extreme makeover home edition as they take on their biggest project yet. Seven homes in seven days. For seven families who lost everything in last based. ", "magic -- And witnessed the biggest move that -- have been an extreme makeover home edition history right here. And G and. Do not miss that moment now -- I've got to show you picture I think this ", 'Extreme makeover home edition  has been that bus Families move and  Ty Pennington  is moving on. To revolution. And  Ty Pennington  joins us now what special episode of  extreme makeover home edition  tonight at 8 sevenths ', 'Extreme makeover home edition has been -- that bus for a decade now helping hundreds of Americans all across the country. And tonight the last stop ', 'sure if they -- it did in the very special episode of extreme makeover home edition tonight at 8 sevenths central on ABC. ']