['"Entourage" star\'s new documentary gives a step-by-step approach on how the war on drugs has failed.', "Yesterday I caught up with future Starring Chris Chris Paul made him theories on life where is known for Playboy and us. Off camera he's I don't mean to bring it fast and he a multimedia platform. Forbes dot com where people could join I don't agreement. Was there to announce collaboration with", "As you may know the RE characters based on Ari Emanuel the brother of the White House He does that figure met Rahm Emanuel I met him last what you think. I did attitude here Laurie. Hit and I imagine AM of sibling rivalry. He's seen is that curse him. The usual actually some kind of have a full", "cultural phenom his  entourage  which begins its believe. We all know  Jeremy Piven  who's won three take a look at  Jeremy Piven  in on Why. I'm years ago. Yeah  entourage  is now beginning the patience for  Jeremy Piven  is an actor because ", "going on in the pop culture. And a pop cultural phenom his entourage which begins its second season. And believe. We all know Jeremy Piven who's won three Emmys for playing super agent Ari gold and Jeremy will be with us in just a minute to tell us. Not just about Ari in the seventh season but about what happened to him on Broadway with this sushi scandal that when. All of that after we take a look at Jeremy Piven in on -- -- Why. I'm not asking me because I need you but I'm on the verge of signing an executive ", "even though this is a character that wouldn't have the patience for Jeremy Piven is an actor because. I'm looking for great pieces to do I love doing the stage so my main concerns and money. ", "and I'm so proud of this show and the actors in it. And everyone involved they didn't they're doing an amazing job.  Jeremy Piven  has spoken this morning. I wanna remind everybody as I said seriously whatever the controversy about all of us and all of ", "it. And everyone involved they didn't they're doing an amazing job. -- Jeremy Piven has spoken this morning. I wanna remind everybody as I said seriously whatever the controversy about all of us and all of ", "lingering question is eight star of the hit HBO series  entourage  he's also just made a documentary. Called teenage rat such a premium on fame and you know I'm I'm healthy on  entourage  we. You know we present a pretty. Tantalizing look at ", "question is eight -- -- -- star of the hit HBO series entourage he's also just made a documentary. Called teenage -- -- rat cell about teenage -- -- check out this clip. -- guest ", "a premium on fame and you know I'm I'm healthy -- on entourage we. You know we present a pretty. Tantalizing look at celebrity lifestyles. And what do you think is next for him he's ", "to nine hours of sleep each night but with hectic work schedule that can sometimes seemed impossible so I sat down with  entourage  star Debbie Mazar who tells us about living with insomnia as a mother of two and a movie star. Let's take a look ", "work schedule that can sometimes seemed impossible so I sat down with entourage star Debbie Mazar who tells us about living with insomnia as a mother of two and a movie star. Let's take a ", "Ladies of the view we're doing seen for the new season  entourage  with you guys and you you're here today act act. That package comes the view tell us how you end up on the view. We'll that ", "Ladies of the view we're doing seen for the new season entourage with you guys and you you're here today act act. That package comes -- the view tell us how you end up ", "tweet me what you again are site you can stuff. Anyone column anyway let's told coshow apparently  Kevin Dillon  200 grand an episode for  entourage . here Tuesday. 139 dollars days doing it plus overtime and about the greatest salary but it did you ", "you can -- stuff. Anyone -- column anyway let's told coshow apparently Kevin Dillon -- 200 grand an episode for entourage . -- here Tuesday. -- -- -- 139 dollars -- days doing it plus overtime and about the greatest salary but it did ", 'actually buzzing  Jeremy Piven  star of the hit show  entourage  suddenly bailed energy agents on  entourage . We make it a I was joking.  Jeremy Piven  abruptly pulled who believes that  Jeremy Piven  is really suffering ', "Offstage drama that has Hollywood I mean Broadway actually buzzing Jeremy Piven star of the hit show entourage suddenly bailed out. On his lead role in a big Broadway Show here in New York He says it's because of exhaustion. Brought on by a cute Mercury poisoning but. Not everybody is buying it here's ABC's Lindsey Davis. He plays the higher energy agents on entourage . We make it a movie or not and was headlining one of the most popular plays on broadway's speed the plow you crazy here I -- It -- right I was joking. Jeremy Piven abruptly pulled out the show -- citing extreme exhaustion and a high level of Mercury. The entertainment world reacted with a deep ", 'is reverse order 101 Rachael Ray. Bill Cosby Sean Mariah Carey. Usher I in his race where  Jeremy Piven  from  entourage  telling what kind of design  entourage  dvd it tip at a restaurant to that LeBron James comes in at number four pales in ten bucks ', 'Bill Cosby Sean -- Mariah Carey. Usher I in his race where Jeremy Piven -- from entourage telling what kind of design entourage dvd -- it tip at a restaurant to -- -- -- that LeBron James comes in at number four pales in ten ', "something you know they don't teach you. Varying humanely in Iowa anyway let's talk shows.  Kevin Dillon  and 200 grand an episode for  entourage . Was just Tuesday. I've made a 139 dollars and days doing a plus or retirement is not the greatest ", "teach you. Varying humanely in Iowa -- -- anyway let's talk shows. Kevin Dillon and 200 grand an episode for entourage . Was just Tuesday. I've made a 139 dollars and days doing a plus or retirement is not the greatest sour about it "]