['Back, no with  anthony edwards . It\'s been a decade, I can\'t believe it, since "e antiquing. We\'ll explain. You\'ll understand. I understand.  Anthony edwards , everybody. What a day on "gma." Thank you. Thank "zero ', 'Back, no with anthony edwards . It\'s been a decade, I can\'t believe it, since "e.R." And anthony is back with a suspense suspenseful, new show called "zero ', 'Antique clocks. A lot of antiquing. We\'ll explain. You\'ll understand. I understand. Anthony edwards , everybody. What a day on "gma." Thank you. Thank "zero hour" premieres tomorrow ', 'television show full how these. And. Through his stint as Jake Jake and progress and his turn as doctor Tony gates the  ER . Now fans will get to enjoy statements as that dentists who currently hold them factions on Get ready Greeks because it ', 'and progress and his turn as doctor Tony gates -- the -- ER . Now fans will get to enjoy statements as that dentists who currently hold them -- -- factions on -- Get ready Greeks ', 'for just a moment and talk to Gloria for second a lot of people are probably He going. her front page you are regular and  ER  the hit series for many years you multiple Emmy nominations. During the five year run. Just curious what your thoughts ', "probably -- He going. -- her front page you are regular and ER the hit series for many years you multiple Emmy nominations. During the five year run. Just curious what your thoughts aren't you ", "Michael Michelle rose to fame working on television on  ER  of course being hit there and films like Ali and romantic Walked the red carpet at Golden Globes Emmys or whatever for  ER  some of the shows I had done and that's where could revisit ", "Michael Michelle rose to fame working on television on ER of course being hit there and films like Ali and romantic comedy. I'll lose a guy in ten days well now she's ", "would. Walked the red carpet at Golden Globes Emmys or whatever for ER some of the shows I had done and that's where -- could revisit my love of fashion but being on the show. ", "Which we can't confirm that went. To work you know.  George Clooney  I'm waiting to here they're Albright at the it's think. More invitations out that we Macy's and his  ER  CE ST. Well that's question. The stadium it's not ", "that went. To work you know. -- -- -- -- -- -- George Clooney I'm waiting to here they're -- Albright at the it's. -- -- -- -- -- Yet it is actually tomorrow -- actually ", "screenplay. Talked about how  George Clooney  would probably rather Between Jeff Bridges and  George Clooney  for up in the air and been recognized where is  George Clooney  recently didn't win Carol Hathaway and from  ER  in the same room together ", 'up in the air where He won best screenplay. Talked about how George Clooney would probably rather be setting up the telethon than sitting at this awards ceremony right now and of course so many of ', "-- -- come down to really a showdown. Between Jeff Bridges and George Clooney for up in the air and really with anybody's -- I think what really decided it was that Jeff Bridges had been nominee in so many times the 44 Golden Globes and four Oscars. But He tied into what He thinks He uses veteran actor who haven't been recognized where is George Clooney recently didn't win an Oscar and to -- Greg Bledsoe really was kind of a late ten achievement award -- Jeffords as ", "maybe a decade of them it was demolished. Remember  ER  no not that  ER  and the darling here The 1984 sit com a date back Doug Rossi in BC's smash hit hospital drama made  George Clooney  and Virginia went this sex symbol. A common purpose ", "The role of Doug Rossi in BC's smash hit hospital drama made George Clooney and Virginia went -- this sex symbol. A common purpose it was a kiss and a different sort that ignited his Oscar ", 'good enough to have you here with. sure yeah. Sign.  ER  fans point to the early departure of  George Clooney . I mean really anything. Perhaps the C should have seen ', 'to have you here with. -- -- -- sure yeah. Sign. -- ER fans point to the early departure of George Clooney . I mean really anything. -- -- -- Perhaps the -- -- C should have seen their -- coming. Saved by the bell ']