['the uber-trainer who has helped people lose hundreds of pounds and change their lives on ABC\'s "  Extreme Makeover Weight Loss Edition  ," appeared on "Good Morning America" today to share his fitness tips and answer your weight loss questions ', 'stranger threatened to carjack them, the nanny of super-trainers Chris and Heidi Powell of ABC\'s " Extreme Makeover Weight Loss Edition " fame said her initial instinct was to protect the couple\'s 1-year-old son, Cash, who was in the ', 'Paula Faris reports: A car belonging to uber-trainers Chris Powell and his wife Heidi of ABC\'s " Extreme Makeover Weight Loss Edition " was carjacked in Mesa, Arizona while being driven by their nanny, who had the couple\'s one-year-old ', 'aisle together, however, he wrote a letter to Chris Powell , fitness expert and the trainer on ABC\'s " Extreme Makeover :  Weight Loss Edition ," asking for help. Watch: Man loses more than half his body weight on \'Extreme Makeover\' When Powell ', 'putting a gun to my head," she said. Then, Chris Powell , fitness expert and the trainer on ABC\'s " Extreme Makeover :  Weight Loss Edition ," entered her life in a dramatic way: He showed up one day on one of her tours, and challenged her ', 'surgery - when he was approached by Chris Powell, the fitness expert and weight loss trainer of ABC\'s " Extreme Makeover :  Weight Loss Edition ." A few hours after that meeting, McHenry was off to fitness boot camp. Then Powell moved in with ', 'why am I not good enough?\'" Gibson used food to fill that void, and when trainer Chris Powell of " Extreme Makeover :  Weight Loss Edition " caught up with her, the 27-year-old weighed 435 pounds. Gibson has an MBA, but hasn\'t been ', 'This is so hard. I\'m so ashamed of it," she said during her appearance Sunday night on ABC\'s " Extreme Makeover :  Weight Loss Edition ." When trainer Chris Powell surprised Johnson on her 20 th birthday, she was desperate for a fresh ', "Chris Powell of 'Extreme Makeover: Weight Loss Edition' Provides Therapy Through Exercise", 'Chris Powell, the man who orchestrates each jaw-dropping weight transformation on " Extreme Makeover :  Weight Loss Edition ," says his secret as a hard-charging training has less to do with exercising people\'s bodies than ', 'can\'t get up off the couch sometimes because of his weight," he said. That\'s when Chris Powell and "  Extreme Makeover :  Weight Loss Edition " entered his life and set a goal for Giannulis to lose half his body weight - 246 pounds - in the next ', 'When Jacqui McCoy first met trainer Chris Powell, she weighed 355 pounds at her first " Extreme Makeover :  Weight Loss Edition " weigh-in. But there was more behind McCoy\'s story and transformation than just a food addiction ', 'exercise . " Good Morning America " sent Chris Powell , our weight-loss correspondent and host of ABC\'s "  Extreme Makeover Weight Loss Edition  ," to visit Burns at his home to check on his progress and see his remarkable transformation . From the ', 'Chris Powell from " Extreme Makeover :  Weight Loss Edition " gets his kids in on the workout.', '" Extreme Makeover :  Weight Loss Edition " fitness expert shares the weight loss secret.', 'york. All right, joining us now to talk about it is transformation specialist chris powell, host of " extreme makeover :  Weight loss edition " and has a new book out called "choose more, lose more for life." You changed countless people\'s ', 'now to talk about it is transformation specialist chris powell, host of " extreme makeover : Weight loss edition " and has a new book out called "choose more, lose more for life." You changed countless people\'s lives. We just did this ', 'good morning america," rachel smith, abc news, plano, texas. Joining us now is the host of abc\'s  extreme makeover weight loss edition  and author of "choose to lose "gma" special weight loss contributor chr powell and, chris, a number ', 'abc news, plano, texas. Joining us now is the host of abc\'s extreme makeover weight loss edition and author of "choose to lose "gma" special weight loss contributor chr powell and, chris, a number is one thing but a ', 'Chris Powell and Jarvez Hall talk about his journey on " Extreme Makeover :  Weight Loss Edition ."', "500-Pound Man Loses More Than Half His Weight on 'Extreme Makeover: Weight Loss Edition'", 'turned to chris powell, our friend, of " extreme makeover weight loss edition ." Chris and jonathan will join us First you jonathan for motivat motivating us. " Extreme makeover weight loss edition " airs on sunday nights at 9:00. Coming ', 'life change. He did. He turned to chris powell, our friend, of " extreme makeover weight loss edition ." Chris and jonathan will join us First a look at his amazing year. Married to his high school sweet swrn heart and ', 'Thank you, thank you chris, thank you jonathan for motivat motivating us. " Extreme makeover weight loss edition " airs on sunday nights at 9:00. Coming up here. Steve carell is live. ', 'you can meet your new year\'s goal to lose weight, get fit and strange your life, is the host of " extreme makeover :  Weight loss edition ," and author of "choose to lose," chris powell. Both of these stories had a celeb pal. How important ', 'lose weight, get fit and strange your life, is the host of " extreme makeover : Weight loss edition ," and author of "choose to lose," chris powell. Both of these stories had a celeb pal. How important is it to have ']