['The Griffins meet up with the Simpsons on a road trip hits TV screens fall 2014.', 'Cherry red day here. Jason derulo. Happy friday to you. We begin with "the simpsons" and " family guy ," peter griffin. They\'re joining forces. Producers are making a crossover episode called "the simpsons guy." Peter ends ', 'Jason derulo. Happy friday to you. We begin with "the simpsons" and " family guy ," peter griffin. They\'re joining forces. Producers are making a crossover episode called "the simpsons guy." Peter ends up in springfield. The cartoon ', 'will be played by Paul. Former White House chief of staff in Chicago mayor rob. Manuel. Will be played do we from the  Family Guy . Secretary of state John Kerry will be played by. An Easter Island head. I cannot tell those two apart. Supreme Court ', 'Chicago mayor rob. Manuel. Will be played -- do we from the Family Guy . Secretary of state John Kerry will be played by. An Easter Island head. I cannot tell those two apart. Supreme Court Chief ', 'Paul Giamatti. Former White House chief of staff in Chicago mayor rob. Annual. Will be played vice do we from the  Family Guy . Secretary of state John Kerry will be played by. An Easter Island head. I cannot tell those two apart. Supreme Court ', 'Chicago mayor rob. Annual. Will be played vice do we from the Family Guy . Secretary of state John Kerry will be played by. An Easter Island head. I cannot tell those two apart. Supreme Court Chief ', 'year\'s oscars. seth MacFarlane, who created "the  family guy " cartoon has been cast as the host. Chris connelly Been raising historical laughter, ever since fox put " family guy " on the air in 1989. Look at my fanny. Reporter ', 'the big surprise for next year\'s oscars. seth MacFarlane, who created "the family guy " cartoon has been cast as the host. Chris connelly has more on this out-of-the box pick. Oh, the mic\'s over there. This ', 'CHARACTER VOICE, MacFARLANE HAS Been raising historical laughter, ever since fox put " family guy " on the air in 1989. Look at my fanny. Reporter: This summer, MacFARLANE LED "TED" TO BOX Office success. That got him ', "last week's episode of Fox's  Family Guy  that has fueled a politically correct seeing gain debt they For Palin the  Family Guy  is the latest in a barrage of well posting daughter Bristol called the  Family Guy  writers heartless jerks. For Good ", "-- a line that she voiced on last week's episode of Fox's Family Guy that has fueled a politically correct firestorm and gagged in -- -- and and I am not just the former governor -- -- act. Sarah Palin wasn't laughing on Fox's O'Reilly Factor -- -- we -- be willing to say you know something's just aren't really funny Andrea says it was a barb aimed at not and Trig Palin who has Down syndrome. But at the former governor herself -- pain and seeing gain debt they -- For Palin the Family Guy -- is the latest in a barrage of well publicized insults against the disabled. But the cartoons creator says it is the ", 'with the -- part in the FaceBook posting daughter Bristol called the Family Guy writers heartless jerks. For Good Morning America Jeremy Hubbard ABC news New York. ', "enough for people Down's syndrome is just not funny and  Family Guy . Writers are heartless apparently the Palin family feels NASCAR says they are first time around but let's say for  Family Guy  you know this because there what equal opportunity dot ", "typical enough for people -- Down's syndrome is just not funny and Family Guy . Writers are heartless -- -- apparently the Palin family feels it's okay when Rush Limbaugh are satirical but not anybody -- actually came out after people did current EU criticized her for saying well is okay for rusty because He was using satire to condemn whoever used at the first time. And then they came out that it was disgraceful and hunt and traded him after after they came out and it ended up saying that what NASCAR says they are -- first time around but let's say for Family Guy you know this because there what equal opportunity dot -- about things you know like -- I don't think it makes it ", 'Family Guy  creator Seth MacFarlane is well known for his raunchy brand of humor and while he may not have been the most likely person to take ', 'Family Guy creator Seth MacFarlane is well known for his raunchy brand of humor and while he may not have been the most likely ', "lambasted in the press he might as well enjoy yourself enjoy obviously bringing him in. He's exceptionally funny guy  Family Guy . But it is a tough game he's ever drawn the younger viewers but look the critics always have a field day on the Oscars ", "enjoy -- obviously -- bringing him in. He's exceptionally funny guy -- Family Guy . But it is a tough game he's ever drawn the younger viewers but look the critics always have a field day on ", 'Reporter: But his talent for voicing characters is unremarkable. He\'s the creator and the unmistakable voice of " family guy ." Brian, please say over when you finish talking. Over. What? Over. Reporter: And the creator of this summer\'s ', 'voicing characters is unremarkable. He\'s the creator and the unmistakable voice of " family guy ." Brian, please say over when you finish talking. Over. What? Over. Reporter: And the creator of this summer\'s raunchiest teddy bear, ted. ', "except with fighting a lot of people don't even in the sense that violent and because if you aren't a fan of the  Family Guy  or maybe didn't see Ted and mail in twenties. A lot of the older women who probably won't be watching the Academy ", "that violent and -- because if you aren't a fan of the Family Guy or maybe didn't see Ted -- and mail in -- twenties. A lot of the older women who probably won't be watching ", 'that we are in for a wild ride. " FAMILY GUY " creatorseth MacFarlane has given profitable and popular cartoon series, " family guy ." Giggity, giggity, giggity goo larry," that became the seed for " family guy ." What do you think they eat ', 'thrilled because they know that we are in for a wild ride. " FAMILY GUY " creatorseth MacFarlane has given a voiceto a generation-- many voices, in fact. What\'s this? Blueberries. THIS BABY\'S VOICEIS seth MacFarlane. Oh, that\'s ', 'the vision and sensibility behind america\'s most profitable and popular cartoon series, " family guy ." Giggity, giggity, giggity goo! Now in its 11th season, there is nothing quite like iton tv. Butt scratcher! Butt scratcher! Butt scratcher! ', 'an animated film, "the life of larry," that became the seed for " family guy ." What do you think they eat? Oh, I guess. Uh, I don\'t know. Some kind of, like, space jerky. And at 24,he ', 'Actor on being upstaged by a talking teddy bear, working with the creator of " Family Guy ."', "great Saint Louis you know an integrated edgy but he's interest in either. He could be offensive we all know that from  Family Guy  but quotable I think he make me even more anti. polio when Hitler in the in the UH yeah and let's get a he does a ", 'in -- either. He could be offensive we all know that from Family Guy but quotable I think he -- -- -- make me even more anti. -- polio when Hitler in the in the UH ', "He was arrested. Neighbors of the pilot were shocked at the news. Seemed to be very quiet. But he was a regular,  family guy . Reporter: It's not known what the tests showed. But the legal limit for pilots is 0.04, half the limit for drivers ", "the news. Seemed to be very quiet. But he was a regular, family guy . Reporter: It's not known what the tests showed. But the legal limit for pilots is 0.04, half the limit for drivers. And ", "their everything. See my favorite Christmas movie mister big who's a Christmas can't get out there. Peter Griffin  Family Guy  in death of a salesman thought he could not be any stranger. And that particular movies. I love it here always on the ", "big who's a Christmas can't get out there. -- -- Peter Griffin Family Guy in death of a salesman thought he could not be any stranger. And that particular movies. I love it here always on ", "to the sweater with some is. And and I added bits of laundry to it likes spots I even thought this race. Boxers sure  Family Guy  boxer assurances debt levels and Put that on to and I added other. Underwear and socks and ladies' underwear. I I ", "it likes -- -- spots I even thought this race. Boxers sure Family Guy boxer assurances debt levels and -- Put that on to -- and I added other. Underwear and socks and ladies' underwear. I ", 'could spell trouble. And, oscar stunner. The new host for the academy awards. Not a movie star. Why fans of the " family guy " are having the last laugh tonight. Victory is mine! Good evening from "world news."', 'for the academy awards. Not a movie star. Why fans of the " family guy " are having the last laugh tonight. Victory is mine! Good evening from "world news." ', 'cable show firsthand. Are you sure not so fast the surprises on him he is the creator and the voices on the animated hit  Family Guy  American Dad!. And this summer sleeper hit a movie and he. Showed up as the host on the season premiere of Saturday ', 'him he is the creator and the voices on the animated hit Family Guy American Dad!. And this summer sleeper hit -- a movie and he. Showed up as the host on the season premiere of ']