["'Dancing With the Stars' Season 16, Week 8: Louis Van Amstel, Anna Trebunskaya Blog on Trio Dances", "and Jacoby. Good scores. Anna: This was a lovely routine and a very jazzy jive. It's always good to pay homage to  Bob Fosse . I am very impressed with her synchronicity. She was surrounded by two sharp movers and she held her own. Way to go ", 'grew up in a dancing family. For me working with Rob Marshall was like working with (famed choreographer and director)  Bob Fosse ," she told Oprah Winfrey. "Nine" was not Hudson\'s first on-screen singing performance. She took to the mic in ', "sometimes William's movement were too rigid. The Foxtrot is known for being subtlety powerful, almost like what  Bob Fosse  was known for (Google this brilliant man, if you don't know him). Agree with judges, one 10 would be deserved ", 'Jeannot Szwarc. In 1979, Scheider received his second Academy nomination, this time for best actor for his role as  Bob Fosse  in "All That Jazz." He continued to work through the \'80s, \'90s and 2000s, but never earned the same critical success ', 'grew up in a dancing family. For me working with Rob Marshall was like working with (famed choreographer and director)  Bob Fosse . And then to work with everybody here, it was just truly a phenomenal experience." "It was so fun, truly maybe the ', 'walked into the audition room and sat on a couch facing  Bob Fosse . He had intense eyes and a full beard that made up for days into our vacation, my agent had called to say that  Bob Fosse  was considering making the sister older for me and would ', "Jones's Diary. She was nominated again this year for her portrayal of the scheming Roxie Hart in the film adaptation of  Bob Fosse 's stage musical Chicago. Zellweger, an Austin, Texas, native who transformed herself into a frumpy Brit in Bridget ", "she's in the running for a best actress Oscar for her portrayal of the scheming Roxie Hart in the film adaptation of  Bob Fosse 's stage musical Chicago. Zellweger, an Austin, Texas, native who transformed herself into a frumpy Brit in Bridget ", "she's in the running for a best actress Oscar for her portrayal of the scheming Roxie Hart in the film adaptation of  Bob Fosse 's stage musical Chicago. Zellweger, an Austin, Texas, native who transformed herself into a frumpy Brit in Bridget ", "The story is better told in the movie than it is in the play. It's also the best movie choreography I've seen since  Bob Fosse . I'm ready to say Chicago is the only movie of a Broadway musical I've seen that's better than the show it's ", "The story is better told in the movie than it is in the play. It's also the best movie choreography I've seen since  Bob Fosse . I'm ready to say Chicago is the only movie of a Broadway musical I've seen that's better than the show it's ", 'adaptation of the stage show, as were Charlize Theron, Goldie Hawn, and Madonna, who was said to be considering the  Bob Fosse  musical as a follow-up to Evita. Spacey, Bates Up for Supporting Roles Currently, an offer is out to Tony nominee ']