['Bride Natasha Johnson threw her bouquet while in the sling, groom Jacob threw the garter', "(CNN) -- They met at a country bar in Utah. She was riding a mechanical bull, and he couldn't help jumping on the saddle with her.", 'The relationship started there, and the couple took it to new heights on their wedding day by tossing the bride\'s bouquet and garter from a "human slingshot."', 'Jacob and Natasha Johnson wanted to replicate the experience of a mechanical bull at their July 13 wedding. But their parents worried it was too "redneck."', 'Luckily, they decided to hold their wedding at Hobble Creek Lodge in Springville, home of "Utah\'s human slingshot."', 'At first they thought it was a joke, but a bit of research showed that others had used it before. They decided to go for it.', 'A YouTube video posted by wedding guest Colton Spencer shows the bride, still in a fluffy gown, strapped to a red rubber slingshot, her feet attached to an ATV with a stretchy cord. The groom drives the four-wheeler down the lawn and releases the cord to fling his bride through the air.', '"I was afraid of ripping my dress," she said. She wore shorts to ensure she wouldn\'t flash guests when launched in the air.', 'They practiced the night before, but it still took two tries to successfully launch her because she was "20 pounds heavier" while wearing the gown.', 'Reception guests were alerted before the launch began and gathered around. With Beyonce\'s "Single Ladies (Put a Ring on It)" playing in the background, Natasha sailed through the air and threw her bouquet back to a crowd of eager women.', "Don't miss out on the conversation we're having at CNN Living. Follow us on Twitter and Facebook for the latest stories and tell us what's influencing your life.", '"All of the ladies were waiting and my girlfriend and niece argued when my niece caught the bouquet," she laughed.', 'Then, it was Jacob\'s turn. He was nervous about being strapped to the slingshot for other reasons: "I turned around and saw Tasha\'s dad driving the ATV."', 'The couple says the video has garnered international attention with people expressing shock and delight over the different take on a wedding tradition.', "Guests will always remember the slingshot, Natasha says, but it wasn't the only exciting moment of the fun-filled night.", '"The groomsmen decided to go skinny dipping in the pond," Natasha said. "Jacob didn\'t want to tell that."', 'The couple is enjoying married life and says life is back to normal, with a few extra interview requests.', "CNN Living reflects your life. From advice for modern parents to the freshest news in food: It's all here.", "A fireplace isn't just a spot to keep logs and kindling. According to decorators and design enthusiasts, it's where you put your heart on display.", 'Nathan Berrong takes us on a tasty tour of the beers that can cool off your summer.', 'Go easy on yourself, let William do his fair share and check under your fingernails! Moms dish on what the Duchess can expect with new motherhood.', 'Every wedding is unique but most planning problems are universal. Experts share insights on how to say "no" gracefully but firmly.', "Do you prefer a one-piece or a string bikini? Your choice isn't made in a vacuum under the lights of a fitting room. ", "San Diego Comic-Con is a natural space for talking about harassment in geek culture, says Carrie Goldman, moderator of the con's first anti-bullying panel."]