[' Before April 5, U.S. regulators only allowed donation-based crowdfunding  projects, which raise money from the general public via the Web. While  businesses have used such sites to get working capital, they have generally  taken preorders for yet-to-be-created merchandise instead of selling equity. But  new possibilities are opening up because of the Jumpstart Our Business Startups,  or JOBS, Act, which President Obama signed into law last month. The act  provides crowdfunded businesses and investors with exemptions to the Securities  Act of 1933, which prohibited people with a net worth below $1 million from  investing in private companies. For the first time, businesses can advertise for  investors without filing the standard disclosures required of companies with  more than $1 billion in revenue. The U.S. Securities and Exchange  Commission still has 270 days from the JOBS Act signing to review and make final  changes to its regulation, but if the statutes stay in effect as-is, just about  anyone will be able to invest in a startup or small company. "What\'s new  is being able to offer equity in return," says Slava Rubin, chief executive  officer and co-founder of major crowdfunding site Indiegogo. "And it\'s  just the beginning," said Rubin, whose site has helped fund more than 5,000  projects since he unveiled it at the Sundance Film Festival in January 2008.  "We\'re talking about a law that hasn\'t changed in 79 years." So is a  crowdfunded investment opportunity any different from pouring cash into junk  bonds or penny stocks? It\'s impossible to say, since the first crowdfunded  investment offerings have not hit cyberspace just yet. But they will  soon enough. Since the beginning of May, at least two new investment-oriented  crowdfunding initiatives have been announced -- a partnership between  EarlyShares.com and Navocate, and one by the US Crowdfunding Exchange LLC.  Getting fleeced?Critics of the JOBS Act worry that small  investors will get fleeced. "Institutional investors can make choices  based on the information they have," says James Allen, head of capital markets  policy for the CFA Institute, a global nonprofit organization of investment  professionals. "It\'s the mom-and-pop investors who are the bigger concern in  this case, particularly the people on fixed incomes, the retirees."  Allen says these people are vulnerable because under the JOBS Act, many  investor protections (some put into place after the Enron debacle) have been  bypassed. Others, including Brookings Institution senior fellow Robert  Pozen, also say the act will open a new avenue for stock scams and the highly  speculative investing that gives birth to bubbles. Meanwhile, state regulators  fear a Wild West mentality where unscrupulous wheeler-dealers, now able to  bypass any disclosure requirements, could siphon millions from naive investors.  But supporters of the JOBS Act say the new legislation creates a sort of  social media trading pit where entrepreneurs can now give everyday investors the  possibility of getting in on the next Google Inc or Microsoft Corp.  Others who back the new law\'s crowdfunding provisions say it will open  up investor dollars to creating, as the act\'s name suggests, new jobs. Even  Allen acknowledges that crowdfunding comes at a time when "banks aren\'t lending  to small businesses, or much of anything. They don\'t have much of an incentive."  New resourceMembers of the National Association for the  Self-Employed view crowdfunding as a vital new resource for startups and job  creation. "This will really open the floodgates to a whole new arena of  entrepreneurs who are trying to help other entrepreneurs finance their dreams,"  says NASE CEO Kristie Arslan. "The great thing about crowdfunding is that it  allows people to choose; you\'re putting your business idea out there and asking  people to invest in you and your idea. The good ideas will hopefully rise to the  top." At least the money looks good. Indiegogo now raises  "millions of dollars a month" worldwide, Rubin says. And Kickstarter, a  three-year-old major crowdfunding service, went from $1 million pledged per  month in March 2009 to $7 million in March 2011. As of May 2012, more than $200  million has been pledged to more than 22,000 successfully funded creative  projects, according to Kickstarter spokesman Justin Kazmark. Among them  was "Blue Like Jazz," which smashed previous film crowdfunding efforts by more  than $145,000. The movie adaptation of Donald Miller\'s bestselling memoir came  out in theaters nationwide last month to glowing reviews. Director Steve Taylor  says that last year, the project seemed doomed because a financial backer walked  out hours before production was to start. Then two of Miller\'s fans  jumped in on Kickstarter and raised $346,000 in a few months. For their trouble,  all the funders got thank-you phone calls from Taylor (it took him about a year  to call back all 4,500 people), and those who gave at higher levels were offered  bigger perks, including a cameo role in the film. Will Taylor fund his  next film in a similar way? He says he would not rule it out. But if he markets  it as an investment opportunity, those who fork over cash will want more than a  simple "thank you" -- unless it\'s written on the back of a check. ']