['The most famous -- and most visited -- is that of  Eva Peron , the famous  Evita  who married Argentinean President Juan Peron and became teaching tango in New York (and appearing in a few  Broadway  shows) for 15 years. Viviana was a terrific teacher ', 'Cry for Me In 1996,  Madonna  switched gears again taking the lead role as  Eva Peron , the popular wife the musical film " Evita ." Though she appeared performance. "\' Evita \' was definitely much Jacobs believes  Madonna  is frustrated that ', 'president, nor even the legendary  Eva Peron . Shadowing Sen. Kirchner, 54 first names. "Her model is not  Evita . Her model is Hillary," says Rosendo tradition of powerful women, from  Eva Peron  (" Evita ") in the 1940s to Isabel Peron ', 'for Mel Gibson\'s outfit from "Braveheart." Also on sale were costumes from the "Harry Potter" movies,  Madonna \'s dresses from " Evita " and Batman and Robin suits. Angels was started more than 150 years ago, and so far it counts 26 Oscars ', 'thinks critics overstate  Madonna \'s bad acting. "She\'s the stakes are higher for  Madonna . She\'s an all-time so much more to lose."  Madonna  certainly succeeded in 1985\'s starring role came in " Evita ," for which she won a ', 'at airport security. But actress  Patti LuPone  is not complaining about the search Tony and Drama Desk award-winning  Broadway  actress, is no female terrorist musicals such as "Sweeney Todd" and " Evita " told "GMA" that it was not the ', "celebrations earlier this year.  Eva Peron , Argentina: Argentina's official position, Eva or  Evita , as she was popularly called sense of vulnerability,  Evita  was a committed Peronist many wealthy Argentines,  Evita  was a symbol of anti-democratic ", 'stands a monument to  Evita  Peron, a radio actress million. Gardel and  Evita  have their own monuments Gardel wore in Tango on  Broadway , a Spanish-language year Gardel died,  Evita  made her acting debut Last year, the  Evita  Museum opened in a ', "etc. They were  Madonna  then and again. And Game Body of Evidence  Evita  I'm not including wasn't sitting on  Madonna 's shoulder. But Giannini than did  Madonna . Basically, if this know what will be ( Evita  was supposed to be ", "Are  Madonna  movies bad just because she's in them three films had two things in common:  Madonna  had small, character roles. She was listen. I Think I m a Good Actress I liked  Madonna  in  Evita  , and I talked to her after she won a ", "Awards in 1989,  Antonio Banderas  was a wide-eyed Truth or Dare,  Madonna  confessed she heartthrob.  Madonna  tracked him Banderas and  Madonna  co-starred hit musical  Evita . She played politican's wife  Eva Peron , and he played ", "desperately seeking  Madonna . One thing is certain performance in the musical  Evita  stashed away in since childhood  Madonna  dreamed single-mindedly greets visitors to  Madonna 's New York apartment particularly as  Eva Peron  in  Evita ,  Madonna  only seems ", "Bebe Neuwirth in the Tony-winning  Broadway  revival. Doubt that the America's Charlize Theron, Goldie Hawn, and  Madonna , who was said to be considering the Bob Fosse musical as a follow-up to  Evita . Spacey, Bates Up for Supporting ", "can expect in here he's hit  Broadway  these. Israelis there. I'm happy and honored to be part of  Broadway  community we start previews said you want to work with  Madonna  and then when it's horrible I knew that they went with  Madonna  that. Never did you know let ", "indication of what we can expect in -- -- here he's hit Broadway these. -- Israelis there. I'm really happy and honored to be part of Broadway community we start previews march 12 and it's been amazing for that lasts. For five weeks we've been -- reluctance to -- ", "fascinating story. That's as it's been beautiful I had the opportunity to really miss many years ago to be able to be on  Broadway . Telling the story is it's just like you W Carter did Ricky Martin yeah. Hey what did you. You do inspired by US open ", "to really miss many years ago to be able to be on Broadway . Telling the story is it's just like you -- -- -- -- W Carter did Ricky Martin yeah. Hey what did you. ", 'Singer joins Michael Cerveris and  Elena Roger  in singing "High Flying Adored."', 'years old. That\'s great. I picked  broadway  musicals. That\'s near and dear to theater directors. I got to perform in " evita ." There\'s a performance from my from the goldies and the goodies. " Evita ." And the new ones, like "the book ', 'be put down. Now, she\'s 17 years old. That\'s great. I picked broadway musicals. That\'s near and dear to my heart. This is from the pages of "the new york times," edited by ben bradlee. He\'s the chief theater critic. I spent most of my childhood, my aunt and uncle are theater directors. I got to perform in " evita ." There\'s a performance from my high school. My cousin was -- I\'m in the cast. I was -- I didn\'t have a starring role. But I was so happy to be there. They have all these amazing shows from the goldies and the goodies. " Evita ." And the new ones, like "the book of mormon." Another thing I chose, was the world\'s best travel experiences. 400 extraordinary places ']