["Golden Bear looks back on 55 years, 6 green jackets and 'One time I didn't say much.'", 'Jack Nicklaus loves absolutely everything about this place.But being reminded how many years have elapsed since he won the first time, let alone the first time he ma...', 'There were no "Billigans" recorded when former President Bill Clinton recently sat down with former golf pro David Feherty to reflect on golfing and the nation\'s hig...', 'EUROPEAN TOUR - BRITISH OPEN CHAMPIONSHIP, Royal Lytham & St. Annes, Lancashire, England - Northern Ireland picked up its third major champion in just over a year as...', 'How well do you know the British Open? Try this trivia quiz:OUTWARD NINE (3 points each)1. Which player has won the most British Open titles?a.) Old Tom Morrisb.) Ha...', "PGA TOUR - U.S. OPEN, The Olympic Club, San Francisco, California - The season's second major is upon us and this promises to be one of the most anticipated in recen...", 'How well do you know the PGA Championship? Try this quiz:FRONT NINE (3 points)1. What was memorable about Jack Nicklaus winning the 1973 PGA Championship at Canterbu...', 'Being the last of the four majors does not mean the PGA Championship lacks excitement.Think back to a year ago, when Keegan Bradley was five shots behind when he wal...', 'Royal Lytham & St. Annes has a history of identifying the best player in golf.Bobby Jones won the first of his three British Open titles in 1926. Seve Ballesteros wo...', 'Facts and figures for the British Open golf championship:Event: 141st British OpenDates: July 19-22Site: Royal Lytham & St. AnnesLength: 7,086 yardsPar: 34-36_70Fiel...', "Merion Golf Club's rich history is undeniable. Now, the club that boasts Jones, Hogan and Nicklaus among its past champions is prepared to add to its honor roll.The ...", "The kid standing behind 15-year-old Tiger Woods on the tee at Torrey Pines was two years older and already a hotshot himself on Southern California's rough-and-tumbl...", 'Scioto Country Club is returning to the national spotlight in golf for the first time in decades.And Jack Nicklaus wants to be ready for it."I just have to work to g...', 'Ernie Els walked toward the century-old clubhouse that sits squarely behind the 18th green at Royal Lytham & St. Annes. Just the sight of it Monday evening was enoug...', 'Just think if Dennis Miller had made that 8-foot birdie putt on the next-to-last hole of U.S. Open qualifying.He would be just another long shot in the field at Olym...', 'European captain Alison Nicholas rounded out her team on Monday, so both squads are now set for the 2011 Solheim Cup .There will be eight rookies, three Americans an...', "Somewhere along The Olympic Club's tight, twisting fairways, 17-year-old Beau Hossler went from thinking he could be the low amateur to believing he could win the wh...", 'Tiger Woods has shot his worst round ever at the PGA Championship.After playing the first five holes Thursday at 3 under, Woods fell apart on his way to a 7-over 77....']