['Follies" "The Gershwins\' Porgy and Bess" " Jesus Christ Superstar " Book of a musical "Lysistrata Jones," Douglas Nice Work If You Can Get It" Josh Young, " Jesus Christ Superstar " Performance by an actress in a featured role ', 'the one to tell her "No." Peter Pan needed to fly -- and so he did. Jesus needed to rise from the dead in " Jesus Christ Superstar ." And when Shaw directed "Miss Saigon," she told her technical director, Kelly Cox, that she needed a show-stopper ', 'excitedly. He holds out hope for one part in particular. "Dream role would be Judas in an edgy version of \' Jesus Christ Superstar ,\' " he said. Before any of that happens, two pieces of advice Cook received about life in the music business ', 'Scotland\'s Daily Record newspaper, a slender and fresh-faced Boyle sings "I Don\'t Know How to Love Him" from " Jesus Christ Superstar " and Barbra Streisand\'s "The Way We Were" in the Fir Park Social Club singing contest. Even then, she was ', 'enough. But they didn\'t hold a candle to the impromptu performance he gave of "What\'s the Buzz" from " Jesus Christ Superstar " -- complete with choreography -- just before passing out. Mortified on Monday morning, my boss came to work ', 'Def. Most recently, singer Corey Glover has been appearing as Judas in the national touring production of " Jesus Christ Superstar ". Warrant The hits: "Heaven" (1989, No. 2), Cherry Pie (1991, No. 10) The afterlife: Power ballad ', 'of Obama and Clinton walking into the Democratic National Committee meeting in February. The audio from the " Jesus Christ Superstar " theme song is edited in over Obama\'s images. "That\'s a little on the nose," Stewart jokes. For Clinton\'s ', 'reverential in nature. Then came the 1970s, with its counterculture emphasis in films such as "Godspell" and " Jesus Christ Superstar ." In "The Nativity Story," it is the relationships, the intimacy, and inner revelations that speak to today\'s ', 'meaningful retelling calls for transformation. This is just as true for experimental projects like Godspell,  Jesus Christ Superstar , Last Temptation of Christ and Jesus of Montreal as it is for openly confessional ones like The Passion of the ', 'meaningful retelling calls for transformation. This is just as true for experimental projects like Godspell,  Jesus Christ Superstar , Last Temptation of Christ and Jesus of Montreal as it is for openly confessional ones like The Passion of the ', 'I\'m doing here?" Acknowledging his utter lack of music industry connection, he broke into a credible bit of  Jesus Christ Superstar  and introduced Eminem\'s performance, saying, "He scares me a little. I\'ve got to be honest. I enjoy his ', 'I\'m doing here?" Acknowledging his utter lack of music industry connection, he broke into a credible bit of  Jesus Christ Superstar  and introduced Eminem\'s performance, saying, "He scares me a little. I\'ve got to be honest. I enjoy his ', 'I\'m doing here?" Acknowledging his utter lack of music industry connection, he broke into a credible bit of  Jesus Christ Superstar  and introduced Eminem\'s performance, saying, "He scares me a little. I\'ve got to be honest. I enjoy his ', 'wanted to be the one to tell her no. and and needed to fly and so He did Jesus needed to rise from the dead in  Jesus Christ superstar . And when she directed miss Saigon she needed a showstopper. So they built but Huey helicopter and flew with ', 'and so He did Jesus needed to rise from the dead in Jesus Christ superstar . And when she directed miss Saigon she needed a showstopper. So they built but Huey helicopter and flew with inside -- And ', 'to be the one to tell her no. and Peter and needed to fly and so He did Jesus needed to rise from the dead in  Jesus Christ superstar . And when she directed miss Saigon she needs a showstopper. So they built but Huey helicopter and fluid inside ', 'and so He did Jesus needed to rise from the dead in Jesus Christ superstar . And when she directed miss Saigon she needs a showstopper. So they built but Huey helicopter and fluid inside -- And just ', "we're Beyonce and Hugh Jackman the cast of High School Musical. Managed to do a medley that combined mama with  Jesus Christ superstar  I don't know what that was But there was there and there was an attempt to bring all Hollywood glamour back ", "School Musical. Managed to do a medley that combined mama -- with Jesus Christ superstar I don't know what that was -- But there was -- there and there was an attempt to bring all Hollywood glamour ", "Idol star Carly Smithson is headed home. Despite the 24 year old Irish bartenders electrifying performance at  Jesus Christ superstar . She couldn't rustle up enough votes to make it to the next round. Several more on this for so happy to be ", "headed home. Despite the 24 year old Irish bartenders electrifying performance at Jesus Christ superstar . She couldn't rustle up enough votes to make it to the next round. Several more on this for so happy to be "]