["anymore. Goes  musical  opens April opening on  Broadway  that you different on  Broadway  is It is thrown up on  stage  and he's lead rent  hairspray  wicked air as well.  musical  is is now opening on  Broadway  April 23 ", "Talk about talent that's Casey Levy in the new Broadway musical ghost which is based on the classic 1990 film starred Patrick Swayze and anymore. Goes -- musical opens April 23 but one Fontaine theater here in Manhattan -- -- joins us now. Thought about it welcomed Michelle thank you from our right to your opening on Broadway that you basically -- this -- you you opened in London as well. How was it different on Broadway is -- It is quite different actually we've just fine -- the show quite a bit since the -- man and I think it's stronger than -- and -- back with your -- from the London run against them asking a lot of companies have yet another whole show is really dependent on their relationship between these two characters and -- and I are great friends and it's such a joy to be able to continue its journey with him that's a wonderful thing. While so many people -- seen the movie but it's different dynamic is different tell us now. Well it's not just the movie thrown up on stage and he's very much it's on and since he we have incredible music written by current student aid it. -- Syria and ", "is back I am back you're back on  Broadway  day. Its annual report you have to  hairspray  curbing panic quite so hard and I yeah. But is just one big tight  Broadway  neighborhood right here and and her ", "your Marissa Jaret Winokur is back I am back you're back on Broadway day. Its annual report -- you have to -- hairspray curbing panic quite so hard and I are back and a lesbian I buried the big story I don't I don't see it is now. And yet I figured hey it's not you got a lot to time that on the -- -- -- he's alive and -- I had to bring out any such a good personal greatly -- You don't know and. He would be very happy -- course you have five coats we did so thank you Apple's bringing them by any of the deal hasn't we talk about our neighborhood all the time yeah. But is just one big tight Broadway neighborhood right here and -- and her -- and an adolescent -- convey a lot of little donate. Cuts for children they ", "picture comedy  musical  across the Wilson's war  hairspray  Juno and Sweeney of the other  musical  comedy Amy that let you  hairspray . Up. Ends awards as well.  Best director  Tim Burton coming off the  Broadway  now you kind ", "real physical comedy to. I guess what -- is coming off the Broadway now you kind of really doing the physical comedy. I can't tell me something that I've always loved. I left. -- stuff ", "Broadway  and the bookstore the silver screen.  Hairspray  goes Hollywood and what's  musical  without soundtrack And high school  musicals  that after justice out these classic.  Hairspray  isn't the only soundtrack ", "Broadway and the bookstore make it to the silver screen two new movies have us all ears this week I'm Christine -- in New York. DJ turned producer turned hip hop artist mark Bronson releases a new -- this week. Version is jam packed with a plethora of artists covering a bunch of contemporary British pop classics including it's not. Originally reported by the Smiths Bronson has most recently for his records for -- -- Lily ", 'admit High School  Musical  two. It was filmed he of course with  hairspray . Obama on on the you know making  musicals  come back hopefully first High School  Musical . And you does that most from the first  musical  to the second ', 'of -- and Zack Ephron had. Think -- Vanessa admit High School Musical two. It was filmed. -- you talk -- like the first time that a that a lot of you all of our ', "late you know. We are resulting slump because he of course with hairspray . -- Obama on on the side yeah. You've been very busy there is a blast you know making musicals come back hopefully honestly not gonna break out song -- hard dancing here I don't think that's that that's what we we. You're -- and then yeah. No I don't know. Don't -- Is that -- such hits as is wildly and think about. How life has changed for all of you. From the first High School Musical . And you does that 8000 productions all across the country there's 8000 of you guys -- and all around a high school and community productions all around so what do look at the -- -- And tell me how they have changed the most but not because -- Not to study how they've changed the most from the first musical to the second. -- got. Yeah it's it's crazy I can't say specifically but I mean all these kids have I've watched ", "believe it. Go to war the in my That's how they send you on the idea of putting on hundred pounds of rubber and doing a  musical  how to woo who sat down and try to sell on and I gotta tell you after thirty years of playing a macho leading man in my ego ", 'idea of putting on -- hundred pounds of rubber and doing a musical how to woo -- who sat down and try to sell -- on -- and I gotta tell you after thirty years ', 'police and randomly, a pop superstar. Very special  stage  manager. Reporter: The former child star, seen here been a year-long seemingly downward spiral for the " hairspray " actress. From topless twitter photos, to dui arrest ', 'to attacking her family, police and randomly, a pop superstar. Very special stage manager. Reporter: The former child star, seen here disguising herself in a bland wig while being arrested, this morning is not disguising ', "the cast of High School  Musical  Nationwide tour showcasing he's filming. Here's  hairspray  with John Travolta and in the works High School  Musical  two hours inevitable it's very well. the  musical  the concert tour is on ", 'sitting here sweet Caroline -- -- From the cast of High School Musical -- -- Nationwide tour showcasing songs from the triple triple platinum selling soundtrack to travel around the country. For another month finishing ', "list of projects you have a sequel in the works High School Musical two hours inevitable. What's -- what's the story line. We actually we didn't get the script yet so obvious. Does -- up ", "with the kids -- -- yes it's very well. -- -- the musical the concert tour is on -- now across the country. We'll be until the end of February and of course High School Musical two. Should hit theaters next summer -- of course all of these are properties. -- Disney corporation parent company of ABC thank ", "would never had the opportunity on  Broadway  I was abroad. My thought my girl Experience stardom in the in the movie  hairspray  and host of the wildly successful was clear was destined for a bigger  stage . I'm wondering if you remember ", "and personal. That wasn't predicting I would never had the opportunity on Broadway I was abroad. My thought my girl and -- at this beautiful little girl so it all comes. He can't do the ", "they don't saying the lip on  stage  because that's in Europe that's happening to you now you're on  Broadway  in  hairspray  Burien five. I'm having the best I  broadway 's one of the best experiences ", "were put together they don't saying -- -- the lip -- on stage -- because that's in Europe that's how it is so there when you simply -- say it will -- did see him we were friends first and but you -- battling with the KF -- As I'm reading boy band I'm thinking -- At -- and you have so many things that are happening to you now you're on Broadway in hairspray Burien five. I'm having the best I broadway's -- one of the best experiences of my life. To that I could write about it and in my book -- -- ", "the hardest you know. That's the reason I really  stage . In the closet as they say you know close friends And now not go for the stars as an astronaut but on  Broadway  you liking  hairspray  play what's his according yeah yeah I think love ", "And now not go for the stars as an astronaut but on Broadway you liking hairspray play -- what's his -- -- -- according yeah yeah I think love it you know a I didn't know what probably ", 'who produced "chicago," with me, who produced " hairspray " with me, who I trust and I worked with them, they It will be positive. It will be fun, entertaining,  musical . All that good stuff. And basically, it will be live ', 'details with it. It will be positive. It will be fun, entertaining, musical . All that good stuff. And basically, it will be live. It will be me. It will be you. A little bit crazy ', "the form of a sister character for which was absent for season. And she's played by Marisa Jaret Winokur.  Tony  winner for  hairspray  in 2003. So adding someone who's that accomplished gifted comedy and then adding Carriker this sort of makes ", "was absent for season. And she's played by Marisa Jaret Winokur. -- Tony winner for hairspray in 2003. So adding someone who's -- that accomplished gifted comedy and then adding Carriker this sort of makes beautiful. And -- ", "right thank you so much. Pretty known for her starring  hairspray  as well as her talk show in nineteen can't believe the my regular JR Martinez. Kind of let my former partner  Tony  Dovolani. Its decision is unbelievable for me it's like ", "and on my regular JR Martinez. Kind of let my former partner Tony Dovolani. -- -- -- Its decision is unbelievable for me it's like I finally we are in the grand ball. And it's ", "seems to be more at home on  stage  than on the playground Not with the big hair and  hairspray . She's. Tired and she's Yeah. Are you that pushy  stage  mom push me you know dedicated 1010 being the ultimate  stage  mom what are we talking ", "six years old. Even woods seems to be more at home on stage than on the playground. Today she's wowing crowds at this mall -- at some point in her traveling show. However it's -- ", "winning because she's in your -- Queen. Yeah. Are you that pushy stage mom push me you know dedicated ES. That trend that live vicariously at him I'm not trying to get race -- just ", 'the time on a scale of one to 1010 being the ultimate stage mom what are we talking about on -- -- -- I think either rent money. Worried about low turnout at the last ', "Today's lance is living in new York and back doing what He loves best singing. He plays corny Collins in the  Broadway  Show  hairspray . I'm not laughing at that. What do you see the next chapter. I mean instincts still loads of record label ", "doing what He loves best singing. He plays corny Collins in the Broadway Show hairspray . I'm not laughing at that. What do you see the next chapter. I mean instincts still loads of record label to -- ", 'You may remember our next guest from  hairspray . Now she plays an overweight teen in the new ABC family Absolutely and we certainly hope we get to see some of your  musical  talent come out on TV as well Nikki wants thanks so much ', 'Absolutely and we certainly hope we get to see some of your musical talent come out on TV as well Nikki wants -- thanks so much for joining us today good to get -- into ', "kidding me George Wendt who works around the corner in  hairspray  starring as a deterrent it's yeah. Did you that it's morning by the way next day we give Sarah an audition for  Broadway  and. Mom let the man is none I. And I called her parents ", '-- by the way next day we give Sarah an audition for Broadway and. Mom let the man is none I. And I called her parents for Josh. She sent. And will take -- to ', 'forced by their mothers to take the  stage  others tell us they love competing the glamour. This sequence from the  hairspray . There are a few contestants on the five years ago. Some boys take the  stage  mere days after being born. I think ', "George some boys are being forced by their mothers to take the stage others tell us they love competing. And it's not just on the pageant circuit there are more boys joining cheerleading and gymnastics. Some -- even expressing themselves through fashion and it's all igniting a big gender debate. Among the glitz and the glamour. This sequence from the hairspray . There are a few contestants on the pageant circuit not quite like the others. There -- Padgett bullies and competing for crowns ", "boys up from 5% just five years ago. Some boys take the stage mere days after being born. I think Kevin did really well he was -- and it wasn't crying in some cases pageant "]