['production won three  Tony  Awards, including has something  Broadway musicals , so Wicked" set a new  Broadway  record for the resonates." The  musical  is reportedly footsteps of other  Broadway musicals  "Mamma Mia," " Hairspray " and "The Phantom ', 'way to the  stage  to accept to Call A  Musical  Oscars With the producers of  musical  films such as " Hairspray " and "Chicago will be more  musical  than past tribute to movie  musicals  with Academy number with  Broadway \'s Kristin ', "You can't pull out your wedgies on  stage , so you either spray some butt glue on your bottom or deal with it on  stage . You got to do it with a smile short hair. It's easier than using  hairspray , because with gel you can pinpoint ", 'both on and off the  stage , proving that success Winokur snagged a  Tony  award for her  Broadway  debut in the  musical  " Hairspray ." She has since Dancing" partner,  Tony  Dovolani. "Of course I\'m voting for  Tony  Dovolani. I love ', 'Ages" is adapted from a popular  Broadway  show which built a story around actual Schankman, did a fine job with his last  musical -to-movie adaptation,  Hairspray . Does he do it again? Kind of ', 'based on the hit  Broadway musical , Hathaway\'s takes center  stage . Hathaway plays based on the hit  musical . Cruise plays Shankman (" Hairspray ") says Cruise I may do a  musical . I\'m not wanted to be a  Broadway  kid. I wanted ', 'the movie adaption of the hit  Broadway musical . It also stars a singing Alec Baldwin cross-dressing John Travolta in 2007\'s " Hairspray ." Opens June 15. The Amazing Jordin Sparks plays Houston\'s  musical  prodigy daughter who, along with ', 'the zaftig heroine of the original John Waters\' film " Hairspray ," and starred in John Waters\' "Cry Baby," opposite original music to celebrate their 20 years together as a  musical  group. Getty Images Hope Solo Hope Solo, the starting ', 'studio for nearly two hours by the time the Colbert took the  stage . Many had been waiting outside for hours longer, weathering finally sat down at the anchor desk and, after a quick  hairspray  and lint brush touchup, launches into his character ', 'seemed more at home on  stage  than on the playground with the big hair, the  hairspray , ..." said her mother the epitome of the pushy  stage  mom. "Pushy, no. Dedicated 10, 10 being ultimate  stage  mom, Ryan said, "I would ', 'Summer Concert Series  stage  in a live performance jackets, scrunchies,  hairspray  and hoop earrings Concert Series"  stage , here\'s a look Deborah, turned to  musical  theater, making her  Broadway  debut in Les Miserables ', '1988 John Waters movie,  Hairspray . The now-svelte Lake At age 6, Lake saw the  musical  "Annie," and it was knew "I wanted to be on  stage ." But it was also at she said. After " Hairspray " the roles kept rolling ', 'Among the glitz and the glamour, the sequins and the  hairspray , there are a few contestants on the pageant circuit not up from 5 percent five years ago. Some boys take the  stage  mere days after being born. "Kevin did really well ', "In the hit  musical hairspray  the most memorable officially the biggest  musical  star of all time one of the great  Broadway  roles always played if you thought  Tony  could dance. If that clip from  hairspray . I don't want ", 'In the hit musical hairspray the most memorable part of and that turned was always played by a man and in this -- week. It is John Travolta himself actor father of two it officially the biggest musical star of all time. The husband is played by Chris Walken but it took triple to about one and a half years ', "anymore. Goes  musical  opens April opening on  Broadway  that you different on  Broadway  is It is thrown up on  stage  and he's lead rent  hairspray  wicked air as well.  musical  is is now opening on  Broadway  April 23 ", "Talk about talent that's Casey Levy in the new Broadway musical ghost which is based on the classic 1990 film starred Patrick Swayze and anymore. Goes -- musical opens April 23 but one Fontaine theater here in Manhattan -- -- joins us now. Thought about it welcomed Michelle thank you from our right to your opening on Broadway that you basically -- this -- you you opened in London as well. How was it different on Broadway is -- It is quite different actually we've just fine -- the show quite a bit since the -- man and I think it's stronger than -- and -- back with your -- from the London run against them asking a lot of companies have yet another whole show is really dependent on their relationship between these two characters and -- and I are great friends and it's such a joy to be able to continue its journey with him that's a wonderful thing. While so many people -- seen the movie but it's different dynamic is different tell us now. Well it's not just the movie thrown up on stage and he's very much it's on and since he we have incredible music written by current student aid it. -- Syria and ", "is back I am back you're back on  Broadway  day. Its annual report you have to  hairspray  curbing panic quite so hard and I yeah. But is just one big tight  Broadway  neighborhood right here and and her ", "your Marissa Jaret Winokur is back I am back you're back on Broadway day. Its annual report -- you have to -- hairspray curbing panic quite so hard and I are back and a lesbian I buried the big story I don't I don't see it is now. And yet I figured hey it's not you got a lot to time that on the -- -- -- he's alive and -- I had to bring out any such a good personal greatly -- You don't know and. He would be very happy -- course you have five coats we did so thank you Apple's bringing them by any of the deal hasn't we talk about our neighborhood all the time yeah. But is just one big tight Broadway neighborhood right here and -- and her -- and an adolescent -- convey a lot of little donate. Cuts for children they ", 'police and randomly, a pop superstar. Very special  stage  manager. Reporter: The former child star, seen here been a year-long seemingly downward spiral for the " hairspray " actress. From topless twitter photos, to dui arrest ', 'to attacking her family, police and randomly, a pop superstar. Very special stage manager. Reporter: The former child star, seen here disguising herself in a bland wig while being arrested, this morning is not disguising ', "picture comedy  musical  across the Wilson's war  hairspray  Juno and Sweeney of the other  musical  comedy Amy that let you  hairspray . Up. Ends awards as well.  Best director  Tim Burton coming off the  Broadway  now you kind ", "real physical comedy to. I guess what -- is coming off the Broadway now you kind of really doing the physical comedy. I can't tell me something that I've always loved. I left. -- stuff ", "Broadway  and the bookstore the silver screen.  Hairspray  goes Hollywood and what's  musical  without soundtrack And high school  musicals  that after justice out these classic.  Hairspray  isn't the only soundtrack ", "Broadway and the bookstore make it to the silver screen two new movies have us all ears this week I'm Christine -- in New York. DJ turned producer turned hip hop artist mark Bronson releases a new -- this week. Version is jam packed with a plethora of artists covering a bunch of contemporary British pop classics including it's not. Originally reported by the Smiths Bronson has most recently for his records for -- -- Lily ", 'admit High School  Musical  two. It was filmed he of course with  hairspray . Obama on on the you know making  musicals  come back hopefully first High School  Musical . And you does that most from the first  musical  to the second ', 'of -- and Zack Ephron had. Think -- Vanessa admit High School Musical two. It was filmed. -- you talk -- like the first time that a that a lot of you all of our ', "late you know. We are resulting slump because he of course with hairspray . -- Obama on on the side yeah. You've been very busy there is a blast you know making musicals come back hopefully honestly not gonna break out song -- hard dancing here I don't think that's that that's what we we. You're -- and then yeah. No I don't know. Don't -- Is that -- such hits as is wildly and think about. How life has changed for all of you. From the first High School Musical . And you does that 8000 productions all across the country there's 8000 of you guys -- and all around a high school and community productions all around so what do look at the -- -- And tell me how they have changed the most but not because -- Not to study how they've changed the most from the first musical to the second. -- got. Yeah it's it's crazy I can't say specifically but I mean all these kids have I've watched "]