['turn now to Broadway the musical  in the heights  has landed more Tony nominations and any other this year.  In the heights  has thirteen nominations including box office bonanza on Broadway.  In the heights  of course stands for Washington ', '-- turn now to Broadway the musical in the heights has landed more Tony nominations and any other this year. In the heights has thirteen nominations including best musical and best performance by -- featured actor for Lin Manuel Miranda. He also wrote the musical ', 'story went from off Broadway to a box office bonanza on Broadway. In the heights of course stands for Washington Heights in upper Manhattan which has been an ethnic immigrant on -- For the Irish the Jews ', 'Awards will be presented June 15 will keep our fingers crossed for in the heights and a great thanks for juju Chang. But that -- thank you very much -- Lester anytime. That was -- who see ', "Number to do another performance what are we got here I can hear me Gonzales and Chris Jackson singing the song now from of the show told when your home okay thanks very much and best of luck thank you very much okay. This still not And my to exchange. That. What time it. I'm. News. So yeah. Yeah.", "Just have the cast of the Tony award winning musical  in the heights  with us this morning. And they are gonna contribute to our one crowds here are are can't tell do you How Mario. Great yeah ", "Just have the cast of the Tony award winning musical in the heights with us this morning. And they are gonna contribute to our one crowds here are are can't tell -- do you -- ", 'radio city music call. One big winner the new musical  in the heights  took four Tonys including best musical of the year spoke to Lin Manuel Miranda the starring creator of the  in the heights . Take me back to a nineteen year old Lin Manuel you ', 'place at radio city music call. One big winner the new musical in the heights -- took -- four Tonys including best musical of the year. A blockbuster a college stage and in a Cinderella story went ', 'juju Chang spoke to Lin Manuel Miranda the starring creator of the in the heights . Take me back to a nineteen year old Lin Manuel you are in college sophomore no -- What started. And ', "Welcome back to Good Morning America now let's be at this new Broadway musical  in the heights  it's get all the rage you've been on since a march I we opened march ninth. Lin Manuel Miranda and you are the creator He ", "to Good Morning America now let's be at this new Broadway musical in the heights it's get all the rage you've been on since a march I we opened march ninth. Lin Manuel Miranda and you are ", 'and stands a life. For its new creative direction and the growth. If you like Broadway they probably heard about  in the heights . This music hit the stage in 2007. And immediately earned two best praise from both to New York Times and New York ', 'and the -- growth. If you like Broadway they probably heard about in the heights . This music -- hit the stage in 2007. And immediately earned two best praise from both to New York Times and New ']