["We've seen this act before, so many times that Father's Day wouldn't be the same without watching Phil Mickelson find a way to lose the U.S. Open.Someday he may writ...", 'Cheng-Tsung Pan had a pretty good day on the course. He felt even better about it when he scanned the scores."When I look at the scoreboard with my last name up ther...', 'US Open exam: Will Phil hang on? Can Billy stay close? And is Tiger ready to end the drought?', 'Five things to look for Saturday in the third round of the U.S. Open:____WILL PHIL HANG ON? Phil Mickelson has a checkered history in the U.S. Open and, unfortunatel...', "From Jones' slam to red wicker baskets, Merion Golf  Club steeped in century of history", 'Stop by the rock near the 11th hole tee box at Merion Golf Club and read up on a slice of sports history.It\'s perhaps the grandest hole in golf."On September 27, 193...', "US OPEN '13: A look at key anniversaries of America's national golf  championship", 'A look at some of the anniversaries this year at the 113th U.S. Open, to be played June 13-16 at Merion Golf Club:100 years ago (1913): A century later, this remains...', "Webb Simpson ready to defend US Open at 'favorite golf  course in the world' Merion", "Webb Simpson already played for an amateur championship at Merion.He's ready to win a major there on his next visit.Simpson is one of the few active PGA Tour members...", 'FACTS AND STATS: Course Architects: Hugh Wilson (1912), William Toomey/Howard Flynn (1920s), Tom Fazio/Tom Marzolf (2000-12). Year Opened: 1912. Location: Ardmore, P...', 'FACTS AND STATS: Course Architects: Charles Blair Macdonald (1910), Seth Raynor. Year Opened: September 1911. Location: Southampton, New York. Slope: 145. Rating: 75...', 'Winged Foot, where Bobby Jones  was clutch and Phil Mickelson collapsed, gets another US Open', 'The U.S. Open is returning to Winged Foot, the New York club with a history of clutch moments and one unforgettable collapse.The U.S. Golf Association will announce ...', "The U.S. Open is known as the toughest test in golf, and it's even more difficult when more than 72 holes are required.Willie Anderson won the first of 33 playoffs i...", 'Ten things to know about the U.S. Open, to be played June 13-16 at Merion Golf Club:RETURN TO MERION FOR THE FIRST TIME IN 32 YEARSEven though it has hosted a record...', "A handshake on the driving range. A handwritten note left quietly in his locker.About the only thing Sergio Garcia hasn't done this week is send Tiger Woods a box of...", 'Call me biased, but I want Tiger Woods to pick up his sixth career win at Muirfield Village this weekend. Then I want him to secure his 15th major title at Merion Go...', 'HOLE ONE - Par 4 - 350 yards: The course starts out innocently enough with a short dogleg right par-4 of just 350 yards. Let me re-phrase, there is nothing innocent ...', 'Few other American courses have the kind of history found at Merion.Two plaques commemorate signature moments 20 years apart. One is on the 11th hole, where Bobby Jo...', 'Masters champ gets a lawyer, Tiger raises the bar, Floyd is honored and DL3 is back on a team', "Adam Scott wants to make it perfectly clear that he isn't suing the PGA Tour.Scott, the Australian who used the anchored putting stroke to win the Masters in April, ...", 'The men in green jackets could barely contain themselves, sitting there smugly as if they had done something to transform the game of golf. Augusta National now has ...', 'FERGUSON ON GOLF : The year when PGA Tour playoff rotation favors the big hitters', 'Two years ago at his season-ending tournament, Tiger Woods was waiting to tee off on the par-3 17th at Sherwood Country Club when he turned to watch Dustin Johnson b...', "Augusta National and Masters Chairman Billy Payne announced two changes to the season's first major during his annual pre- tournament press conference Wednesday.Payn..."]