["alternative become mainstream? It did years ago, but I'm cool with that. JOEL MOYA , Remezcla.com Where do you live?  In the Heights  How do you describe your style? According to Remezcla's Andrea Gompf, I'm an early 2006 hipster. More or less ", 'never feel like an actor is "reciting" dialogue. She may be able to pull off a Broadway musical, as she did with  In the Heights  , but Jordin Sparks wasn\'t ready for the responsibility that comes with playing the title role in a major motion ', 'Waters movie set in 1960s Baltimore has been turned into a hilarious, tuneful musical. Neil Simon. Ticketmaster.  In the Heights . The lively off-Broadway musical about Latino residents in an area of upper Manhattan called Washington Heights ', "at lunch only) with the spicy cheese; Community Bakery; and any dinner invitation you get from someone who lives  in The Heights . That's pretty much all you need to know. Dean: The New York Post 's Deborah Orin reports that Howard Dean ", "very first of photographers at LA ads in an attempt to protect her young daughter number flashing light. Crime watch  in the heights  straight out of ocean's eleven a band of burglars smashed. To jewelry store case and stole more than 900000. Dollars ", "attempt to protect her young daughter number -- flashing light. Crime watch in the heights straight out of ocean's eleven a band of burglars smashed. To jewelry store case and stole more than 900000. Dollars worth of ", 'turn now to Broadway the musical  in the heights  has landed more Tony nominations and any other this year.  In the heights  has thirteen nominations including box office bonanza on Broadway.  In the heights  of course stands for Washington ', '-- turn now to Broadway the musical in the heights has landed more Tony nominations and any other this year. In the heights has thirteen nominations including best musical and best performance by -- featured actor for Lin Manuel Miranda. He also wrote the musical ', 'story went from off Broadway to a box office bonanza on Broadway. In the heights of course stands for Washington Heights in upper Manhattan which has been an ethnic immigrant on -- For the Irish the Jews ', 'Awards will be presented June 15 will keep our fingers crossed for in the heights and a great thanks for juju Chang. But that -- thank you very much -- Lester anytime. That was -- who see ', "Number to do another performance what are we got here I can hear me Gonzales and Chris Jackson singing the song now from of the show told when your home okay thanks very much and best of luck thank you very much okay. This still not And my to exchange. That. What time it. I'm. News. So yeah. Yeah.", "Just have the cast of the Tony award winning musical  in the heights  with us this morning. And they are gonna contribute to our one crowds here are are can't tell do you How Mario. Great yeah ", "Just have the cast of the Tony award winning musical in the heights with us this morning. And they are gonna contribute to our one crowds here are are can't tell -- do you -- ", 'radio city music call. One big winner the new musical  in the heights  took four Tonys including best musical of the year spoke to Lin Manuel Miranda the starring creator of the  in the heights . Take me back to a nineteen year old Lin Manuel you ', 'place at radio city music call. One big winner the new musical in the heights -- took -- four Tonys including best musical of the year. A blockbuster a college stage and in a Cinderella story went ', 'juju Chang spoke to Lin Manuel Miranda the starring creator of the in the heights . Take me back to a nineteen year old Lin Manuel you are in college sophomore no -- What started. And ', "Welcome back to Good Morning America now let's be at this new Broadway musical  in the heights  it's get all the rage you've been on since a march I we opened march ninth. Lin Manuel Miranda and you are the creator He ", "to Good Morning America now let's be at this new Broadway musical in the heights it's get all the rage you've been on since a march I we opened march ninth. Lin Manuel Miranda and you are "]