["The attorney for the man who assassinated Robert F. Kennedy says his client has been transferred to a new prison where his life could be in danger.Sirhan Sirhan's at...", "The attorney for the man who assassinated Robert F. Kennedy says his client has been transferred to a new prison where his life could be in danger.Sirhan Sirhan's at...", "COALINGA, California -- Parole board members refused to free Robert F. Kennedy's convicted assassin after determining that he hadn't shown enough remorse and didn't ...", 'Abel Barrera, an advocate for rural and indigenous people in the southern Mexican state of Guerrero, was honored here Friday with the 2010 Robert F. Kennedy Human Ri...', "A human rights delegation led by Robert F. Kennedy's daughter says it witnessed acts of intimidation and violence against critics of the Moroccan government's contro...", 'A town judge settled evidence issues Thursday and set a trial date in the case of a maternity ward scuffle involving a son of the late Sen. Robert F. Kennedy.Douglas...', 'A CIA document outlining a Mafia-connected plan to assassinate Cuban leader Fidel Castro for $150,000 is among thousands of Robert F. Kennedy documents made public T...', 'On behalf of Mrs. Robert Kennedy, her children and the parents and sisters of Robert Kennedy, I want to express what we feel to those who mourn with us today in this...', 'On behalf of Mrs. Robert Kennedy, her children and the parents and sisters of Robert Kennedy, I want to express what we feel to those who mourn with us today in this...', 'Kerry Kennedy seeks dismissal of NY drugged-driving charge; says she took pill accidentally', 'Kerry Kennedy argued Friday that the drugged-driving case against her should be dismissed because she accidentally took a sleeping pill and because the only damage d...', 'Spanish actor Javier Bardem and U.S. activist Kerry Kennedy spoke out here Thursday in favor of expanding the scope of the U.N. mission in the Western Sahara to incl...', "Defense in Kerry Kennedy's  NY drugged-driving case says she's being held to higher standard", "Kerry Kennedy's lawyer in her New York drugged-driving case is complaining that prosecutors want the court to be tougher on her than on ordinary defendants.Attorney ...", 'DA asks judge not to dismiss drugged-driving case against Kerry Kennedy, ex-wife of governor', 'New York prosecutors are asking a judge to deny a motion to dismiss a drugged-driving case against Kerry Kennedy, the ex-wife of Gov. Andrew Cuomo.In court documents...', '32 Advisors CEO Robert Wolf and  Robert F .  Kennedy  Center President Kerry Kennedy on what is being auctioned off for charity.', 'Could you imagine how much a cup of joe with Steve Jobs would have cost?Apple CEO Tim Cook is auctioning himself in the hopes of raising money for the Robert F. Kenn...', "Prosecutors seek dismissal of Kennedy cousin Skakel's latest appeal of murder conviction", "Prosecutors want a judge to dismiss Michael Skakel's latest challenge of his 2002 murder conviction, saying the Kennedy cousin's claim that his trial attorney did a ..."]