['By the fall of 1962, President John F. Kennedy and his brother, Attorney General Robert F. Kennedy, had spent the better part of a year orchestrating a massive and multifaceted campaign aimed at toppling Cuban dictator Fidel Castro from power.The initiative, code named "Operation Mongoose," drew on the brainpower and energies of the U.S. government\'s most senior officials and ranged from balloon drops of anti-Castro pamphlets and cartoons to covert sabotage of Cuban industry and infrastructure. In time, it would even include active plotting to assassinate the Cuban dictator, with the Central Intelligence Agency clandestinely enlisting the aid of the era\'s reigning Mafia chieftains.Suddenly that autumn, however -- and only temporarily -- the Kennedy brothers were forced to back off.The intervening event, newly declassified files show, was the Cuban Missile Crisis.The new restraint was formalized at a tense gathering of the Special Group, an elite cadre of policymakers drawn from the ran...', 'A son of Robert F. Kennedy is facing misdemeanor charges after he struggled with nurses who tried to stop him from carrying his newborn son out of the maternity ward...', 'The Kennedy family, so practiced at public mourning, is grieving again after the estranged wife of Robert Kennedy Jr. hanged herself at her home in suburban New York...', 'Douglas Kennedy, a son of Robert F. Kennedy and a reporter for Fox News, is facing charges related to an incident in which he clashed with two nurses who tried to st...', 'President Obama, calling for the U.S. to "up our game" when it comes to Africa, on Sunday announced a $7 billion government-backed initiative to increase access to e...', 'The FBI has spent this week digging up a field in suburban Detroit for the remains of former Teamsters union leader Jimmy Hoffa, who disappeared 38 years ago. He was...', 'Douglas Kennedy, a son of the late Sen. Robert F. Kennedy, was acquitted Tuesday of child endangerment and harassment charges stemming from a scuffle in a hospital m...', 'On behalf of Mrs. Robert Kennedy, her children and the parents and sisters of Robert Kennedy, I want to express what we feel to those who mourn with us today in this...', 'President Obama has nominated former first daughter Caroline Kennedy to serve as the next U.S. ambassador to Japan.Kennedy, the daughter of President John F. Kennedy...', 'Harry Potter author J.K. Rowling spent a whole weekend practising a fake signature for her crime-writing alter-ego Robert Galbraith, she revealed Wednesday.Sales of ...', 'Face bulldozing running back Marcus Coker enough times in practice and you might think a Stony Brook defensive player would begin to turn in the opposite direction."...', 'The Zimmerman case and the death of Trayvon Martin have awakened feelings of racial disharmony across America.Not since the O.J. Simpson case has our nation been so ...']