['Ernie Els plucked the ball from the hole after one last birdie and heaved it into the grandstand. At the time, it looked like nothing more than a classy gesture by a...', 'Lee Westwood might have won that elusive first major had he not hit a tee shot into a tree on the fifth hole in the final round of the U.S. Open at Olympic Club last...', 'A capsule look at the 10 previous British Opens held at Royal Lytham & St. Annes, where the 141st British Open will be played July 19-22:___YEAR: 2001WINNER: David D...', "Only the wildest of days at the PGA Championship could relegate a guy shooting 63 to a supporting role.That's just what happened to Steve Stricker.He's the leader af...", "NEW YORK (Reuters) - Former women's world number one Lorena Ochoa will receive the 2011 Bob Jones Award in recognition of her distinguished sportsmanship, the United...", "Cornell University has acquired 70 years' worth of plans and papers of famed golf course designer Robert Trent Jones.The collection was donated by Jones' sons, Rees ...", 'Kuchar, once celebrated as an amateur in Atlanta, now goes for $10 million prize', "Matt Kuchar is the face of golf in Atlanta this week at the Tour Championship, just like he was 10 years ago.There's one difference.Actually, there's about 10 millio...", "The eyes of the world are on Tiger Woods as he returns to golf on the game's biggest stage -- the Masters. Follow his round hole-by-hole with FOXSports.com's Tiger T...", 'It\'s a jacket like no other.With its rich shade of green known the world over simply as "Masters green," an Augusta National logo on the crest and brass buttons, the...', "Rory McIlroy has the U.S. Open trophy. And if he needs any more affirmation, he's also got the seal of approval from Jack Nicklaus .Nicklaus and McIlroy struck up a ...", 'By Steve KeatingLEMONT, Illinois (Reuters) - Sporting a retro shirt and tie ensemble on Saturday, Ryan Moore was dressed for success and his golf was equally sharp a...', 'The list was on his bedroom wall growing up, a daily reminder to Tiger Woods about his goals in life. Simple, yet audacious, the plan was to break the records set by...', 'By Simon EvansMIAMI (Reuters) - Jack Nicklaus believes Tiger Woods will find it tougher to break his record of 18 major wins if the world number one does not play th...', "A tree doesn't grow in Augusta anymore. Make that on Magnolia Lane at Augusta National.There's a gap in the stately row of trees that line one of the most famous dri...", "By Larry FineOAKMONT, Pennsylvania (Reuters) - Mhairi McKay of Britain and Japan's Sakura Yokomine shared the clubhouse lead as the only players able to match par ea...", "Tiger Woods didn't just announce Tuesday that he will return to competitive golf next month at the Masters. He knocked over a bunch of dominos, punched a button here..."]