["The media-mogul talks about hosting his first new year's show after Dick Clark's death.", "just like general. When we learned  Dick Clark 's passing many of us of course Bandstand theater is located which  Dick Clark  founded there and you can see. A American Bandstand. Morning guys and  Dick Clark  helped usher in the rock and roll ", "-- it looks amazing just like general. -- -- When we learned Dick Clark's passing many of us of course -- back to a time when so many watched American Bandstand here. The latest music and ", "music talent that is where the American Bandstand theater is located which Dick Clark founded there and you can see. A loving tribute there and across the country as the -- America really remembers its oldest teenager. For more than half a century he hosted two shows here on the alphabet -- well known shows American Bandstand of course and New Year's rocking eve. Our music and media consultant Bruno -- -- joins us live now to discuss the passing of this TV Land's End and really it's really hard. To overstate the importance and influence of American Bandstand. Morning guys and Dick Clark helped usher in the -- -- rock and roll bands that when he took over hosting duties in 1956. Don't forget -- ", "at ABC said they needed. Passionate music awards show and called on Dick Clark who -- of the longstanding relationship with with the network only with. American Bandstand and he created the American music awards. And the American music awards is going to celebrating its fortieth anniversary on ABC next year. It's one of the biggest. -- -- on ABC every year. And you can imagine next year's AMA's will pay a big tribute to Dick Clark that's for sure -- -- of course of many of us know him from New -- zine -- -- Times Square with. With the masses and I mean there's any person of a certain age who probably is not spent at least one New Year's trip but Dick Clark in their lifetime probably get that game. He actually replace guy Lombardo once again you know it was at a time to change forty years ago this year we're going to celebrate the fortieth anniversary of New Year's rocking eve this year this this New Year's Eve. Which is ironic. And it was again times -- changing -- needed new music. Younger generation had to tune into that that the seated need the actual dropping the ball and nobody could do this better than in the eternal teenager Dick Clark and once again ABC turned him neither relationship Dick Clark and ABC. Woods was -- their recent yacht at the network and him need each other but -- -- -- -- period in the mid eighties guy's Dick Clark had television shows -- hosted or produced. By him on every single television network in the US that's unheard of today we we we talk about Ryan Seacrest and Simon Cowell. Those guys don't have a kind of clout that -- Dick Clark had it at the height of -- power. Yeah and well speaking I mean if it really was a business but -- never felt like it was in this issue I always felt like he was doing. What he loved but at the end of the day he was just an incredible businessman. It was a shrewd businessman at the end of his yeah couple years ago when he when he stepped away from from his company Dick Clark productions sold 440. Million dollars companies now worth twice that much but Dick Clark knew that that that the money was in owning the -- other game shows and producing shows like -- Anglo American music ", "around the world now we'll watch  Dick Clark 's New Ryan Seacrest. The show program so he'll be here Fergie  Dick Clark  of course will be back in times were Seats there you go back there is.  Dick Clark 's New Ryan Seacrest 2010 begins ", "amazing statistic literally billions of people around the world now we'll watch Dick Clark's New -- -- -- Ryan Seacrest. The show is now in its 38 year and win us this morning that right -- ", "very well might not winning the program so he'll be here Fergie Dick Clark of course will be back in times were lots of action I was -- -- human. He's excited he's there was excited ", "Ticket stubs and -- Seats -- there you go back there is. Dick Clark's New -- -- -- Ryan Seacrest 2010 begins live at 10 eastern 9 central Thursday night and ABC. ", "Well it is a bonafide American tradition and January 31  Dick Clark 's new years even back for the ball drop in Times Square by he will be there. It will be live and you'll see  Dick Clark  in Times Square in the do you know what his role being ", "Well it is a bonafide American tradition and January 31 Dick Clark's new years -- even back for the ball drop in Times Square with the Clark. This year's co host he must've done ", "-- he will be there. It will be live and you'll see Dick Clark in Times Square in the do you know what his role being that he did and what he's already exist as we ", "will be the first new year's out  dick clark . Tonight, they are preparing a tribute as we hear from  dick clark 's wife, who made the trip to times every new year. 2001. Reporter:  Dick clark  head made his way into living rooms ", "Reporter: His agelessness so much of a punch line. I've been watching dick clark since I was a little kid. Reporter: It was the 1970s, dick clark first started hosting on null year's eve. The program, just an hour and a half in the beginning, but expanding to six hours over the years. Become an american staple every new year's. And only a stroke would slow dick clark . My speech is not perfect, but I'm getting there. Reporter: And this year, his wife of nearly 35 years will be in times square. She was the one who helped screw that crystal triangle with dick clark's name under the giant ball. She spoke of the question so many people have asked her. 40 years I've been coming here, ", "Happy new year. Great job. Thank you. We're all be thinking of dick clark tonight. When we come back on the ", "away from the big celebration in times square. It's  dick clark 's rockin' eve with ryan seacrest. Good to be here makeout session. Show up for that. A special tribute to  dick clark . Is there something about having worked with him and ", "than 12 hours away from the big celebration in times square. It's dick clark's rockin' eve with ryan seacrest. Good to be here again. We've signed of set up shop here. What do you have coming ", 'a good makeout session. Show up for that. A special tribute to dick clark . Is there something about having worked with him and watched him over the years that you now have adopted into your own ', 'So many great memories that  Dick Clark  many of them right here made for millions in the world. Poignantly their remembrances. Of  Dick Clark  President Obama weighed  Dick Clark  made us feel as young and vibrant and optimistic ', "So many great memories that Dick Clark many of them right here made for millions in Times Square. What he called and many called the crossroads of the world transforming it. Into an international party every New Year's Eve and it is opening doors -- -- right here smack dab in the -- happened. Every single New Year's Eve and so many people all over the world. Poignantly their remembrances. Of Dick Clark President Obama weighed -- -- Dick Clark made us feel as young and vibrant and optimistic. As he was my favorite husband Tony Orlando did he said only god created more stars. And Dick Clark time -- that really struck out to me as someone said if you're watching Dick Clark a New Year's Eve. You're never alone and he felt that way so many people were calling Italian it is also the ", "his wife -- that kiss -- was on every New Year's Eve Dick Clark passed away of a heart attack on Wednesday at the age of 82. ", "called the oldest teenager in America  Dick Clark  who died today at the age of 82 also generation to remember that  Dick Clark  change this country bringing rock was not New Year's Eve. Until  Dick Clark  said it was Julie Diane it was for ", "tribute to the man who was called the oldest teenager in America Dick Clark who died today at the age of 82. Two younger generations this enthusiastic. ABC legend was a member of their family. On television with them every New Year's Eve of that ball dropped in Times Square. But there are also generation to remember that Dick Clark change this country bringing rock and roll into our living rooms inviting ordinary teenagers -- the dance. And by the way teenagers of all races. ABC's David -- -- begins our tribute tonight in Times Square where for four years it was not New Year's Eve. Until Dick Clark said it was -- -- Julie -- Diane it was for so many years Dick Clark ushered in the new year right here in Times Square for America but as you point out. Decades before he ushered in ", "state to twist -- There was the -- There was Elvis but Dick Clark made -- all. After all he warmed up -- -- -- rock and roll from the very beginning Dick Clark had enormous influence at just twenty years old. This you have a combined weekly audience. Let's say fifty million Americans at least he received 50000 letters a week from your teenage fans. And simple introduction made careers -- also saved them Frankie Avalon. -- -- -- -- And that was on others -- on Monday. I was on my way but there was something else Dick Clark did. He broke the color theory that speech celebrating black artists -- of his time -- Chubby Checker his big break. -- -- -- -- -- -- Okay. Ladies and gentlemen please -- for the first visit. The Jackson 5. Defeat would go by his Dick Clark still spotted -- it -- before the rest of us. -- this is not. -- Over the years -- barely seemed to ", "great way to make a living and. Only a stroke which -- Dick Clark down. Wright's speeches that her treatment I did there forever the teenager who never went to say goodbye not on New Year's nor on that stage. It broke so much ground -- -- -- -- -- -- And as America now prepared to say so long to Dick Clark I was asking Diane lot of the people who gathered here in Times Square tonight. But the one word they would use to describe Dick Clark in a gentleman shouted out. Legends and they also -- and I think that's very appropriate for the man who brought us New Year's Eve here every year it's not going to be Hussein continues to. Certainly will not be David and today we were all remembering Dick Clark as we knew him and I kept thinking back to 2001 right after 9/11. And the -- would not yield an ounce ", "called the oldest teenager in America  Dick Clark  who died today at the age of 82 are also generations remember that  Dick Clark  change this country bringing rock was not New Year's Eve. Until  Dick Clark  said it was David. Absolutely right ", "tribute to the man who was called the oldest teenager in America Dick Clark who died today at the age of 82. Two younger generations this enthusiastic. ABC legend was a member of their family. On television with them every New Year's Eve of that ball dropped in Times Square. But there are also generations remember that Dick Clark change this country bringing rock and roll into our living rooms inviting ordinary teenagers to the dance. And by the way teenagers of all races. ABC's David -- begins our tribute tonight in Times Square where for -- -- it was not New Year's Eve. Until Dick Clark said it was David. Absolutely right Diane it was for so many years Dick Clark ushered in the new year right here in Times Square for America but as you point out. Decades before he ushered in something else American Bandstand breaking barriers and breaking ground for the more than 101000 musical acts. He introduced to America. It's or America's favorite. Americans -- -- here's the star of -- -- Dick Clark . It was the 1950s this country was introduced -- Even we'll introduce us. And artists and bands dance. Defiance -- was called ", "state to twist or. There was the -- There was Elvis -- Dick Clark made it all okay after all he'd warmed up America for rock and roll. From the very beginning Dick Clark had enormous influence. At just twenty years old this. You have a combined weekly audience. Let's say fifty million Americans at least ", "the punch -- from so many other famous faces I've been watching Dick Clark ever since I was in the -- it. But behind those youthful looks a business -- -- it is time to investing ", "out here for about. Here's about  Dick Clark  launched several billion kisses happened on American him because  Dick Clark . Rock around the clock. He was and music. Transcend detention.  Dick Clark  bridge color gap in a time when there ", "ball dropper in chief added standing out here for about. Here's about Dick Clark launched several billion kisses. -- counting us down on almost forty New Year's rocking. I ", "-- dance -- changed forever. It happened on American -- him because Dick Clark . Rock around the clock. He was the non threatening grown up they'll -- for rental shop in the early days a rock and -- and use -- me. Any help break racial boundaries admitting that the first time ever to black teenagers -- the senate and American Bandstand. He was worried black artists might upset southern TV stations and music. Transcend detention. Dick Clark bridge color gap in a time when there should not have been more. Giving musical life the black artists that may not ", 'a date. He was always there for -- on December 31. Hi Dick Clark -- a live from Times Square New York City. But his incredible three decades streak was ended by a severe stroke and ', "the life it's a true TV legend  Dick Clark  passed away on Wednesday as we've through this New Year's rock city.  Dick Clark  was CDs ever present miss congeniality real well but music never defined  Dick Clark . He was a savvy businessmen. Eager ", "A celebration of the life it's a true TV legend Dick Clark passed away on Wednesday as we've been telling of -- age of 82 for decades. He made his way into the living ", "game shows them. To blooper shows through this New Year's rock city. Dick Clark was CDs ever present miss congeniality. Live from Philadelphia. This cultural influence came early back in the fifties and Philly as host ", "dreams what's left. And the real well but -- music never defined Dick Clark . He was a savvy businessmen. Eager to please all audiences he -- the 20000 dollar pyramid. And radio show became a successful TV producer. Created the American music -- -- -- he even became an icon for a new generation with Dick Clark's new years rocket needs. First hosting in 1972. Even continuing to come to Times Square after suffering a stroke in 2004. My speeches -- -- look -- did that we will miss him. -- The movie. Nobody like. Dick Clark is destined to be remembered as a television pioneer. Who in his fifty plus years as a host on the small screen. ", "American president. Ever here's the star of our show  Dick Clark .  Dick Clark  rose to national popularity rock and roll was still An appearance on dancing in the baker career and  Dick Clark  didn't break to black artists as well dependent it ", "or -- an American president. Ever here's the star of our show Dick Clark . Dick Clark rose to national popularity rock and roll was still shocking and -- -- and at the same time. He smiled gave the ", "the kids. -- An appearance on dancing in the baker career and Dick Clark didn't break to black artists as well dependent it is time -- -- seeing me. Okay. Dick Clark didn't step into the spotlight. Rather he stepped back and he spotlighted in showcase all of the wonderful talent that comes through ", 'create an empire. When he moved the showed a Los Angeles his Dick Clark productions branched out -- game shows TV bloopers and practical jokes. He took over as opposed to -- America. Bring you. He ', 'Those who knew  Dick Clark  are sharing their fondest memories about show business and all of a sudden when  Dick Clark  into view you you start getting female all what something he learned watching  Dick Clark  in action. because someone in. In ', "Those who knew Dick Clark are sharing their fondest memories about the entertainment legend. Eddie Kelly was a dancer on American Bandstand and knew what it was like to watch Clark at work. And Eddy joins us now -- heading -- thank you tell us some of your happiness to -- is -- of being on American Bandstand. Happy as members of being on -- American Bandstand. With the fact there. For one who never really took dance lessons or. Actually eat ever was in show business and all of a sudden when Dick Clark -- into view you you start getting female. Who appeared in holding teen magazines. I had fan clubs. Think you're -- else can't present and -- Philadelphia Philadelphia from North Philadelphia very paying. It was -- for two years. Five days a week. Two and half hours that day. A lot of air time lot of your time -- teenager at a desk and tell all what -- something he learned watching Dick Clark in action. -- -- -- -- because someone in. In one of the teen magazines they were they were this girl I forget where she was -- she had indicated that. What some of the regulars as we were known back then what we would be doing in the feet in the future. And 11 fan wrote that Eddie Kelly would be taking over for Dick Clark -- I don't know what this person saw. Get to Clark had some personality and he wouldn't be. The show with -- ", 'Roberts a fond farewell to our own  Dick Clark . Our whole thing and yeah even as happened on American Bandstand because  Dick Clark  and stand was interacted before the it alone make another thing. Hi  Dick Clark  video live from Times Square New ', 'decade by decade. From Deborah Roberts a fond farewell to our own Dick Clark . Our whole thing and yeah even as he approached his last remedy to -- two. Who could argue. These -- look he ', 'single a dance floor change forever. It happened on American Bandstand because Dick Clark and -- stand was interacted before the term even existed waiting records became a national obsession. I had a good beat you ', "watched leave it alone -- -- -- -- make another thing. Hi Dick Clark -- video live from Times Square New York City. And soon he dean -- -- decent news. -- kid standing. And it I was allowed to stay up and watch Dick Clark with a headset microphone in the big ABC logo. I. Didn't feel like you're part of party fellow -- just talking to ", 'We have some breaking news this afternoon at the legendary  Dick Clark  has passed away. The famed TV producer died this morning of a stepped down as host after suffering a massive stroke in 2004.  Dick Clark  was 82 years old.', "We have some breaking news this afternoon at the legendary Dick Clark has passed away. The famed TV producer died this morning of a massive heart attack and California. Clark hosted the ABC's hit show American Bandstand and his iconic New Year's rock any. He stepped down as host after suffering a massive stroke in 2004. Dick Clark was 82 years old. ", "one of your New Year's involved  Dick Clark  and a televised or dropping over in Waterford crystal. And during  Dick Clark 's first Blood sweat and tears as I would rather stay up and watch  Dick Clark  with a headset microphone in the ", "pretty good chance at least one of your New Year's -- involved Dick Clark and a televised or dropping over the huddled masses. There in Times Square may -- was the year Freddy fender saying wasted days and wasted nights or maybe your of the Spice Girls or equity -- the blowfish generation either way the fortieth New Year's rocking -- is on tap. But I got us a little preview from host Ryan Seacrest. Beginning the -- had a few dozen 25 wobble a bit dimmer than today's 42000. -- -- these embedded in Waterford crystal. And during Dick Clark's first -- -- Blood sweat and tears as -- -- As they set out to create a hipper version of guy Lombardo ", "and tradition. I really did. I would rather stay up and watch Dick Clark with a headset microphone in the big ABC logo hot. That's right kids long before American Idol there was this. A consummate ", 'arrest warrant. Wait until you hear. Who they are looking for this story that goes from Fresno California all the way  Dick Clark  New Jersey authorities are looking for a man known as Caleb Lawrence McGill Marie. You might also know him as the hatchet ', 'this -- -- story that goes from Fresno California all the way Dick Clark New Jersey authorities are looking for a man known as Caleb Lawrence McGill Marie. You might also know him as -- the ', "people will be it again. We'll watch celebration on  Dick Clark 's New Year's rock and He wouldn't Ryan Seacrest don't agree with that and it's wonderful also to see  Dick Clark  and see you all working together and you are. He doing ", "of people will be -- it again. We'll watch -- celebration on Dick Clark's New Year's rock and He wouldn't Ryan Seacrest and -- -- foul ball about. -- -- -- line up. You had this ", "yeah. We don't agree with that and it's wonderful also to see Dick Clark and see you all working together and you are. He doing he's very very idea of the things thank you he's he's ", "thank someone else. 40 years ago,  dick clark  had an idea. The american music Reporter: First year, 1972.  Dick clark  with johnny cash here, his wife Tonight, they'll say thank you to  dick clark . Stevie wonder, who won 11 times ", "so many music stars, tonight, they thank someone else. 40 years ago, dick clark had an idea. The american music awards would honor the biggest stars in music, based on who people were listening to. Not their peers choosing, but the public. Those early names you remember. Village people. Donna summer. Kenny rogers. Cyndi lauper. Reporter: Awards for the stars receiving the most music. The stars who the fans were choosing on the radio. Far out! Anyone who tells you this isn't great is a liar. Reporter: First year, 1972. Dick clark with johnny cash here, his wife june carter cash, their son john holding the trophy. The one and only michael jackson. Diana ", "It's so year, huh? Outrageous! Reporter: Tonight, they'll say thank you to dick clark . Stevie wonder, who won 11 times -- thank you, everybody, very much. Reporter: Will perform again tonight, providing the soundtrack for a "]