["The United States Air Force's novel robotic X-37B space plane space plane is tucked inside the bulbous nose cone of an unmanned rocket that blasted off Thursday even...", "A classified military space plane blasted off into orbit Tuesday (Dec. 11) on the third mission of the U.S. Air Force's X-37B program.The X-37B vehicle , also called...", "After nearly seven months of flight, the U.S. Air Force's latest X-37 robotic space plane is nearing a milestone in its secret mission in Earth orbit as it chalks up...", "After being delayed a day by bad weather, the U.S. Air Force's second X-37B robotic space plane blasted off from Florida Saturday afternoon on a mystery mission shro...", 'A European-built robot space plane could be soaring in orbit before the end of the decade if the program to develop it gains funding approval next month.The Innovati...', 'The U.S. Air Force is poised to launch its second robotic X-37B space plane on a secret mission Friday, with some experts speculating that the classified flight will...', "NASAApril 22, 2010: U.S. Air Force's novel robotic X-37B space plane launches atop an Atlas 5 rocket from a seaside pad at the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Fl...", 'U.S. Air Force robotic space plane continues to maneuver in Earth orbit, according to the latest observations from skywatchers. The reusable space drone has been car...', 'You would think that an unpiloted space plane built to rocket spaceward from Florida atop an Atlas booster, circle the planet for an extended time, then land on auto...', 'You would think that an unpiloted space plane built to rocket spaceward from Florida atop an Atlas booster, circle the planet for an extended time, then land on auto...', 'The U.S. Air Force is on the verge of showcasing a new and long-sought after spaceflight capacity with its X-37B space plane, but it will do so on a space mission th...', 'The secretive X-37B robotic space plane is about to set its own space-endurance record on a hush-hush project operated by the U.S. Air Force Rapid Capabilities Offic...', "The U.S. Air Force's secretive X-37B space plane is poised to launch on its second mission Friday, though what exactly it will be doing once it leaves the ground rem...", 'LOS ANGELES -- After a decade of development, the Air Force this month plans to launch a robotic spacecraft resembling a small space shuttle to conduct technology te...']