['long before the show ended. In 1983, he lent his voice to a cartoon named after him and appeared on the sitcom " Diff \' rent Strokes ." The following year, he released a motivational video, "Be Somebody ... or Be Somebody\'s Fool!" inspired ', 'field in Algeria. 5. \' Diff \' rent Strokes \' Actor  Conrad Bain  Dies  Conrad Bain , the actor who played the dad on " Diff \' rent Strokes ," is dead at 89. Bain African-American brothers, in the  Gary Coleman  sitcom.', 'Scott Eells/Bloomberg via Getty Images Caption  Conrad Bain  Dead at 89  Conrad Bain , the TV dad who taught viewers that the world Bain played the beloved adoptive father on " Diff \' rent Strokes ." His daughter said today that he was a lot ', 'Images Actor  Conrad Bain , who played Drummond on "  Diff \' rent Strokes  ," died Monday starring opposite  Gary Coleman  and  Todd Bridges  on the iconic starring on " Diff \' rent Strokes ," which After " Diff \' rent Strokes " ended in ', "of the world's eyes. So what kind of music helps motivate them? From R&B and rap, to rock and pop, it's  different strokes  for different folks. Rapper Jay-Z is the choice for basketball players, while runners like Beyonce. Gymnast Danell ", '" Diff \' rent Strokes " star  Todd Bridges  and his wife Dori too well. After " Diff \' rent Strokes " ended in 1986 Some of his " Diff \' rent Strokes " co-stars did from the 1980s.  Gary Coleman  Bridges\'s " Diff \' rent', 'left the show after five years and has appeared in a handful TV series since then, including "The Jeffersons," " Diff \' rent Strokes ," "The Jamie Foxx Show," and "Martin." Now 75, he currently plays a cupcake shop cashier on the CBS sitcom ', 'still winding its way in court.  Gary Coleman  and parents Sue and Willie Coleman Child star  Gary Coleman  reached TV superstardom playing Arnold Jackson on " Diff \' rent Strokes " in the late 1970s and early 1980s ', "included bit-parts in a number of popular 1980's television shows including Fantasy Island, Remington Steele and  Diff ' rent Strokes . Bjornsodottir She was also the face of Noxema for a series of commercials in the 1970s. Anna Bjornsdottir did ", "our safety bar, and ride the ups and downs of life together. (Yeah, that's not my best analogy ever.) But  different strokes  for different folks -- I mean, my mom got married at age 20 and has had a pretty awesome life thus far. What I'm ", 'gaining only fat rather than muscle tissue, or a "big belly," gainers put their health at risk. "I know it\'s  different strokes  for different folks, but my second concern is he really doesn\'t want to change," said Ayoob. Obesity eventually ', 'Gary Coleman  may have died with RadarOnline, Coleman\'s " Diff \' rent Strokes " co-star  Todd Bridges  said he believed that Shannon Price and  Gary Coleman . Maughan said that down." Anna Gray and  Gary Coleman  at the 2003 Emmy Awards ', 'Willis?" Sad news from Utah, where child actor  Gary Coleman  has died after being hospitalized for a brain hemorrhage days to come. Instead, I\'ve embedded the open to " Diff \' rent Strokes ," the groundbreaking television show that made Coleman ', "Actor who played the on TV's  different strokes  has died Conrad died of natural causes in his hometown the series. Adopted two boys course played by  Gary Coleman  and  Todd Bridges . Bain also played neighbor Arthur on line. Conrad ", "Actor who played the -- on TV's different strokes has died Conrad -- died of natural causes in his hometown of Livermore California. He was best known for his role as mr. Drummond on the series. Adopted two boys course played by Gary Coleman and Todd Bridges . Bain also played neighbor Arthur -- on line. Conrad thing was in nine years old. ", "We remember  Gary Coleman  tonight the onetime child TV star the diminutive actor a big star.  Gary Coleman  won over America as the adorable Arnold Jackson in the series  different strokes  I've never seen a black more. thought ", "We remember Gary Coleman tonight the onetime child TV star whose adult life was so tragic. Died today after suffering a brain hemorrhage He was just 42 years old -- -- -- It was that tax rates dropped out. That look good made the diminutive actor a big star. Gary Coleman won over America as the adorable Arnold Jackson in the -- series different strokes I've never seen a black -- -- more. -- thought He saw Rick -- and it. The role written for him. And ", "different strokes  died today report. And  Gary Coleman 's life the sitcom  different strokes  if you were knew whom  Gary Coleman  was. eight his time on  different strokes . First season prodigy really  Conrad Bain  played his ", "The death of a child star Gary Coleman . Who has a boy provided so much amusement so many laughs on the hit show different strokes died today in Utah hospital two days. After suffering a brain hemorrhage she was just. 42 years old we battled illness throughout his life. And while that story line is too familiar -- famous kids struggling to find his way as an adult only to die young. Each time it's just as tragic picking -- -- -- report. And Gary Coleman's life had all the makings of a hit TV show comedy. Drama tragedy. He was the child star of the sitcom different strokes if you were watching TV in the eighties you knew whom Gary Coleman was. -- eight seasons He was on top thirty million people watched him week after week and we all knew that phrase. ", "Eleven years ago Sylvia chase and ABC news's 20/20. Caught up with Gary Coleman while He was working as a celebrity spokesman for California restaurant. I'm not ashamed to make an an honest living a dollar is a dollar whether it's a thousand -- -- -- them. Whether it's you know work as a security officer which I have done and I am not ashamed of it gets -- -- That's a good game -- It was a far cry from the celebrity money He was making during his time on different strokes . First season was 15100 dollars per episode. Then 20000. Then 40000. Until eventually and somewhere along the line it became 70000 dollars per show per show. Exists it just kept growing and growing and growing what you -- Music prodigy really Conrad Bain played his adoptive father mr. Drummond He had comedy timing. Right from the first -- and end -- first episode I've never ", "lot of money grossing some eighteen million dollars during his years on different strokes . And his parents as his personal managers took the biggest cut 20%. Between that and all the other staking their cuts Gary Coleman was left with almost nothing. Why He -- up with some little. I don't know I'm not a bookkeeper I'm that was ", 'different strokes . And ironically stardom.  Gary Coleman  who played looking at  Gary Coleman . He was hit sitcom  different strokes  welcome finished at last  different strokes  on the story different strokes  the story really.  Conrad Bain  plead the ', "overdose. As a child she has starred in the hit comedy series different strokes . And ironically she's not the only one from that show this -- the troubled existence since -- heady days of stardom. Gary Coleman who played Arnold has had his share of problems to. What is it about child stars -- so many of them end up broke her broken. Sylvia chase tells us Gary Coleman's story He lost nearly everything is money his fame is promising career. But never his indomitable spirit. -- If you were watching television in the eighties you're looking at Gary Coleman . He was the precocious Arnold hit sitcom different strokes welcome. Gentlemen -- will. Not main -- back. The series was canceled thirteen years ago in Gary Coleman was largely forgotten. Until He was arrested in Hawthorne California and hauled into court earlier this year. Charged with assaulting a -- ", "personalities. It this is the staged it we finished at last -- different strokes on the story and Gary Coleman's rise in -- is -- Hollywood classic. About a star who makes millions as a child. Only to discover as an adult that his fortune has vanished. Today. Coleman works for wages and not always in the movies I'm not ashamed of making it an honest living a dollar is a dollar whether it's a thousand -- -- -- them. Whether it's you know work as a security officer which I have done and I am not ashamed of -- gets stuff. Well Gary Coleman used to make millions laugh on TV. Today He -- only a few at a time at hollow world camp -- Arrest ", "it can get big. But it did when -- was cast in different strokes the story of a widowed millionaire who adopts two Brothers from Harlem. -- -- -- It is a prodigy really. Conrad Bain plead the -- but gentle adoptive father He had comedy timing right from the first. Lyon and -- first episode I've never seen a black don't -- more. All right might end -- There was a pretty much an instant success for NBC. Garth -- here today is president of NBC entertainment. A 21 year old rookie back then. And -- was the network executive in charge of different strokes for NBC Gary was mega star. In prime time because. He had the highest rated comedy on -- network. Gary Coleman . Geary won a people's choice award for years running. Gary. Almost became the four -- been missing important conference call this the small. Very -- very articulate -- Well that's -- in -- big years. Thirty million watched Gary Coleman week after week. And He got raise after raise from 15100 dollars per episode the first season He went to 20000. Then ", 'just four feet eight inches and well. It was on the TV  different strokes  that Coleman gained instant pain for eight seasons He television her few more tragic stories than that of  Gary Coleman . Alex ABC news Los Angeles.', 'four feet eight inches and well. It was on the TV -- different strokes that Coleman gained instant pain for eight seasons He played the wise cracking but lovable Arnold Jackson. Adopted son of a wealthy ', "This is something  Gary Coleman  had a birthday yesterday. Connect you have the day off.  Gary Coleman  is 42 years old you'd think he'd be charge and addressing the media. Like only  Gary Coleman  can. Yes in my birthday and it's going ", "This is something Gary Coleman had a birthday yesterday. Connect you have the day off. Gary Coleman is 42 years old you'd think he'd be taller but. His birthday in not courthouse in -- top pleading guilty to a domestic battery charge and addressing the media. Like only Gary Coleman can. Yes in my birthday and it's going to be. -- brother and I you're here -- -- here. -- -- they ", "Because I won't rest until it does happen. Does anyone wishing that Gary Coleman . ", "Gary Coleman . He went eight on the insider He went a little crazy kind of He was finally had enough That would amenities and that doesn't look like the  Gary Coleman  we know and love look at how this heating the Soledad. Somebody heating ", "Gary Coleman . He went eight on the insider He went a little crazy kind of -- He was on the show. And they were grilling and they had an attorney on their grilling him about whether or not He had ever abused his wife and He finally had enough -- That would -- amenities and that doesn't look like the Gary Coleman we know and love look at how this heating the Soledad. Somebody heating -- yeah that's just here. Hate him I don't "]