['seem to be as much a part of any "American Idol" season as Randy Jackson saying "Yo, dawg." Casey Abrams,  Crystal Bowersox , Lauren Alaina and David Cook are just a few of the contestants who\'ve had health crises during the competition ', 'title as ninth "American Idol," but runner-up  Crystal Bowersox  might emerge as the real winner. As recent history season three "Idol" winner Barrino for the role. So  Bowersox  has plenty of role models among the "Idol" losers ', "clerk, who bested Ohio sweetheart  Crystal Bowersox  , 24, to become the ninth Idol was the winner, don't expect  Bowersox  -- or, for that matter, third-place DeWyze wrangled the Idol crown from  Bowersox  by a tiny 2 percent margin. And ", 'Idol Meter" , which gave  Bowersox  a score of 51 against DeWyze\'s a considerable margin."  Bowersox \'s renditions of "Me and McGee" and Alannah Myles\' " Black Velvet " got good reviews, but looks like early favorite  Crystal Bowersox  pulled it off, at least ', 'appearance on "American Idol" Wednesday night. Lee DeWyze claimed the title as the ninth "Idol" over runner-up  Crystal Bowersox , but it was Cowell who claimed the night as his own. The two-hour show included several montages of Cowell\'s ', 'tonight, leaving longtime favorites  Crystal Bowersox  and Lee DeWyze to battle it out heartthrob Justin Bieber (who  Bowersox  and DeWyze should perhaps be thankful rendered him unable to play guitar.  Bowersox , 24, a one-time struggling ', 'What do Harry Connick Jr. and Lady Gaga have in common? Well, nothing really, except they both performed on the "American Idol" stage tonight. Gaga may have been an odd choice for crooner\'s week, in which the remaining six contestants tackled Frank Sinatra songs with Connick as their mentor,', 'their performances and prospects.  Crystal Bowersox  "You just schooled all those contestants," Kara said in response to  Bowersox \'s performance of "People Get Ready" by the Impressions.  Bowersox  was herself so moved by the song ', 'Idol\'s" dreadlocked front-runner,  Crystal Bowersox , not to quit the show because she missed radio show that after she texted her friend  Bowersox  about her reported crisis,  Bowersox  responded with a text of her own, saying ', 'have DeWyze in the top three.  Crystal Bowersox  A one-time struggling musician played for money at train stations,  Bowersox , 23, is now safely in the "Idol second coming of Bonnie Raitt."  Bowersox  impressed both of the bloggers ', "She was still a lot of those mama Sox is that car our on idol and she was phenomenal last night night game. I mean anyone who heard her saying she just knocked it out of the park and there's I think was probably tears she said her dad was there and act like she was kind of felt emotional about", "Tim Urban got kicked off the show this a very weak season of idol I don't think anyone's gonna dispute that but. Because it has after Idol Gives Back tonight they're they're planning another special for tomorrow. America's comes together for Idol Gives Back. There tomorrow more mediocre sing on", "Thought we thought we'd have crystal Bauer Sox the runner up the boy you were the perennial favorite show of the season and did incredibly well congratulations Niki. And yeah. Going out on If you send Tony's what a year and a half he's seventeen months now and again that regard to leave them leave", 'Contestant  Crystal Bowersox  summons her inner Wookie for a bizarre performance.']