["We are got a Christmas today with  cake boss  buddy the last rays got new decorating tricks straight out of his funk baking  cake boss  everybody's best recipes and decorating seekers. And ", "We are -- got a Christmas today with cake boss buddy the last rays got -- -- new decorating tricks straight out of his funk baking cake boss -- everybody's best recipes and decorating seekers. And we're gonna get right to -- -- put us on the test today I ", '" Cake Boss " star prepares his family\'s favorite fennel and apple salad for Thanksgiving.', "little crazy yeah. It's gotten your in case. But the great thing about it. And now he's the internationally known  cake boss  with the reality show hit. And his family run Carlos bake shop in Hoboken, New Jersey is overrun with billions sometimes ", "But the great thing about it. And now he's the internationally known cake boss with the reality show hit. And his family run Carlos bake shop in Hoboken, New Jersey is overrun with billions sometimes -- ", '"GMA Takes On" challenge begins with Juju Chang taking on chef  Buddy Valastro .', "Host of 'The  Cake Boss'  prepares favorite sweets in preparation of Thanksgiving.", "down and visit us here in Times you walk like a block and a half over we have maps for you dropped by he'd take list  cake boss  and it trying to lobster it's unbelievable especially Josh I want for somebody. You can tell glass that's that's ", "half over we have maps for you dropped by he'd take list cake boss and it trying to lobster -- it's unbelievable especially Josh -- I want for somebody. You can tell glass that's that's -- ", "Reporter: And a fresh start. I love each and every one of you. And onward and upward. That red velvet cake was so good.  Cake boss  was proving it yesterday. It's great to have you back. It's great to have you back. It just seems like old times ", "you. And onward and upward. That red velvet cake was so good. Cake boss was proving it yesterday. It's great to have you back. It's great to have you back. It just seems like old times. ", "so much. Great tips. We're going to have the links on our website so you can download the placements. And all of the discounts. 50% off at that punch. Get it at michael's. Thank you, dorothy miller. You know him as the  cake boss ."]