['of actress Minka Kelly, kissing beautiful women is a way of life. He says he and Kelly, the 33-year-old " Friday Night Lights " star, have no problem with jealously over their on-screen relationships. "My girl\'s an actor, too, so ', 'of actress Minka Kelly, kissing beautiful women is a way of life. He says he and Kelly, the 33-year-old " Friday Night Lights " star, have no problem with jealously over their on-screen relationships. "My girl\'s an actor, too, so ', 'winning once, Margulies got bumped for new faces, Kerry Washington and Vera Farmiga.  Connie Britton , who\'s been nominated twice before for " Friday Night Lights " and "American Horror Story" scored a nom for "Nashville." "Connie and Kerry ', 'Melonie Diaz), four-year-old daughter Tatiana (Ariana Neal) and mother Wanda (Octavia Spencer). Jordan (" Friday Night Lights ") puts the film on his shoulders in an unqualified display of leading-man charisma. It\'s a naturalistic ', 'like the one held outside the state capitol Monday. Celebrity singer Natalie Maines, " Friday Night Lights " and "Nashville" actress  Connie Britton , actress Lisa Edelstein of "House" and Stephanie March of "Law & Order: SVU" have joined ', 'Celebrity singer Natalie Maines, " Friday Night Lights " and "Nashville" actress  Connie Britton , actress Lisa Edelstein of The character Tami on \' Friday Night Lights \' is a Texas woman deeply committed ', '" Friday Night Lights " fans may cheer: star  Connie Britton  says there\'s creator)  Peter Berg  is really onscreen hubby,  Kyle Chandler , wasn\'t to since " Friday Night Lights " wrapped.  Connie Britton  Britton to fade.  Kyle Chandler  Since his Schwartzenegger.  Taylor Kitsch  Following ', "a choice. It just happens. When I was hooked on  Friday Night Lights  I thought in a Texas accent. I drank beer out of obsession. When I finish an episode of True Blood or  Friday Night Lights  I'm so happy to not exist in those worlds. But ", 'actor has yet to have a hit role since "Veronica Mars" but he has starred in countless hit series including " Friday Night Lights ," "Criminal Minds," "NCIS" and "Bones." He reunited with Bell on the drama "Heroes" and also had a small ', 'ended with not a dry eye in the crowd. Spencer stars alongside Michael B. Jordan (famous for "The Wire" and " Friday Night Lights ") as Grant\'s mother, Wanda Johnson. "It\'s the toughest role I\'ve ever had to play because it\'s a real ', 'disappointed" by her ex, Simpson said, "I\'m just going to let that go." Minka Kelly Mayer dated the " Friday Night Lights " star on and off between 2007 and 2008. They officially broke it off in early 2008 and he quickly jumped into ', 'Romney Pulitzer Prize-winning journalist and " Friday Night Lights " author Buzz Bissinger has officially endorsed Mitt has been using the motto from the television show " Friday Night Lights ," based on Bissinger\'s book. "Clear eyes, full ', 'Romney Pulitzer Prize-winning journalist and " Friday Night Lights " author Buzz Bissinger has officially endorsed Mitt has been using the motto from the television show " Friday Night Lights ," based on Bissinger\'s book. "Clear eyes, full ', 'morning to you and to you and calling all fans of " friday night lights " you may see your favorite football team, or your coming straight from the coach\'s wife\'s mouth.  Connie britton  who was in it before heading to nashville. She said ', 'Good morning to you and to you and calling all fans of " friday night lights " you may see your favorite football team, or your tv football team back on the big screen. The news coming straight from the coach\'s wife\'s mouth. Connie britton who was in it before heading to nashville. She said a script was written. Made no promises saying they had no get ', 'morning to catch you may remember him from the show  Friday Night Lights  and sure you do left high school football behind twelve. Now we got John Carter. going to battleship.  Peter Berg  directed and then we just finished Oliver Stone film ', 'Tony twelve. Now we got John Carter. -- -- going to battleship. Peter Berg directed and then we just finished Oliver Stone film called savages. Incredible yeah well. John Travolta Venetian del Toro and Uma Thurman ', "Boardwalk empire. Dexter.  Friday Night Lights . Damon owns. The good Bates Harry's law.  Connie Britton Friday Night Lights . the killing. targets Buscemi boardwalk empire.  Kyle Chandler Friday Night Lights . Michael C. Hall Dexter ", "gentlemen. The nominations in the drama series category are. Boardwalk empire. Dexter. Friday Night Lights Damon -- owns. The good wife and amendment. The nominees for lead actress in a drama series are. Kathy Bates Harry's law. Connie Britton Friday Night Lights -- -- the killing. -- targets say law and order special victims unit. Julianna Margulies the good wife and Elisabeth Moss mad men. For lead actor in a drama series nominees are. Steve Buscemi boardwalk empire. Kyle Chandler Friday Night Lights Michael C. Hall Dexter. Jon Hamm mad men. Hugh Laurie house. And Timothy all of that justice. For outstanding miniseries or movie ", 'Michael C. Hall from  Kyle Chandler  of  Friday Night Lights  this one is a of popular show actor actress that  Connie Britton  and cultural so. This Glenn Close of damages  Connie Britton  of  Friday Night Lights  again. Julianna Margulies ', 'drama series. -- said to -- the closer Glenn Close of damages Connie Britton of Friday Night Lights again. Julianna Margulies of the good wife. Mariska Hargitay and law and order special victims unit and January Jones of mad men. ', "It's like three or four whole pizzas could visualize. Well the film was spectacular everybody knows you from  Friday Night Lights  I was inching really really quickly Mars is it's Utah. Yeah and your crew found not an alien to something really ", "pizzas could visualize. Well the film was spectacular everybody knows you from Friday Night Lights -- I was inching really really quickly Mars is -- it's Utah. Yeah and your crew found not an alien to something ", "who I think you know from. His roles on the wire  Friday Night Lights  plays Oscar grant and plays it so well that people already for the help. He's been on TV shows like  Friday Night Lights  and the wire he's been in a movie like chronicle ", 'Jordan who I think you know from. His roles on the wire Friday Night Lights plays Oscar grant and plays it so well that people are talking about Academy Award for -- His mother is played by ', "an Oscar already for the help. He's been on TV shows like Friday Night Lights and the wire he's been in a movie like chronicle. Is everything just gonna come easier to them now is do they ", 'emmy-nominated role on " friday night lights ." Also, "spin city That\'s where I met her.  Connie britton  is starring in one take her throne. And  connie britton  is with us. Welcome abc. "Nashville."  Connie britton , come back and see ', 'We continue, now, with an emmy-nominated role on " friday night lights ." Also, "spin city." That\'s where I met her. Connie britton is starring in one of the hottest shows of the season, "nashville," here on She plays a reigning country music queen, battling a new, young starlet trying to take her throne. And connie britton is with us. Welcome to "good morning america." Thank you. Great to be here. I want to congratulate you on motherhood and ', 'YOUR DVRs, OR WATCH LIVE. 10:00, 9:00 central, here on abc. "Nashville." Connie britton , come back and see us soon. I will. Coming up, more stars. ']