["couldn't really walk on the motive but  Buzz Aldrin  had a more typical time gliding across the ballroom floor on Dancing With The Stars the latest contestant to be eliminated from ", "-- couldn't really walk on the motive but Buzz Aldrin had a more typical time gliding across the ballroom floor on Dancing With The Stars -- the latest contestant to be eliminated ", "We have a very special treat on what's the buzz today we are so thrilled to be joined by one of the pioneers. Of space exploration. They're great but culture and joins us today the man made famous for being the second person ever to set foot on the moon He joins us today to talk about.", "I longer but you know what it was the premiere and it didn't disappoint that would start with. A little peek at  Buzz Aldrin  and you know my said she's living history I didn't know He was walking on the moon forty years ago. And the judges ", "it didn't disappoint -- that would start with. A little peek at Buzz Aldrin and you know my -- said she's living history I didn't know He was walking on the moon forty years ago. And ", 'ignition sequence starts. Reporter: "Apollo 11" lifts off from cape canaveral, carrying astronauts neil armstrong and  buzz aldrin . Four days later, and those words. That\'s one small step for man, one giant leap for mankind. Reporter: He would ', '"Apollo 11" lifts off from cape canaveral, carrying astronauts neil armstrong and buzz aldrin . Four days later, and those words. That\'s one small step for man, one giant leap for mankind. Reporter: He would spend two ', 'July night in 1969 it was a moment that brought the country together. The moon walk by Armstrong and fellow astronaut  Buzz Aldrin  was the most watched television broadcast up to that point in history. Neil Armstrong had heart surgery earlier this ', 'brought the country together. The moon walk by Armstrong and fellow astronaut Buzz Aldrin was the most watched television broadcast up to that point in history. Neil Armstrong had heart surgery earlier this month just days ', 'largest audience up until that time. As Armstrong became the first person to set foot on the moon. He and crew made  Buzz Aldrin  spent two hours and 21 minutes walking taking photographs and raising the American flag. I have become a blast occurred ', 'first person to set foot on the moon. He and crew made Buzz Aldrin spent two hours and 21 minutes walking taking photographs and raising the American flag. I have become a blast occurred. On it ', "famous for stick. But 39 years old white Armstrong spent two hours 21 minutes walk Taking pictures of the screw that  Buzz Aldrin  raising the American stretching America's imagination. So many parents watching we children. We don't have become ", "hours 21 minutes walk -- -- Taking pictures of the screw that Buzz Aldrin raising the American -- stretching America's imagination. So many parents watching we -- children. We don't have become a -- -- -- ", 'performance back. Think that unless you know speaking at a another former Dancing With The Stars contestant turned up that  Buzz Aldrin  and maybe having a sex scandal it turns out. That He is moving on with a woman thirty years his junior and I ex wife ', 'at a another former Dancing With The Stars contestant turned up that Buzz Aldrin and maybe having a sex scandal it turns out. That He is moving on with a woman thirty years his junior and ', 'is the day the Apollo twelve crew splashed down. It was signed by all three Apollo eleven astronauts Neil Armstrong  Buzz Aldrin  and Michael Very cool this you know store. to admit that I wonder whether in law. Laughter Did you go to pat Callahan ', 'down. It was signed by all three Apollo eleven astronauts Neil Armstrong Buzz Aldrin and Michael -- Very cool this you know store. -- -- to admit that I wonder whether -- in law. Laughter -- ', 'Evan plane with a lot of pain not as good night for Kate Gosselin last night in Tony got the second lowest score only  Buzz Aldrin . Eighty years old did worse they left it was all about the story telling Katie getting back at the paparazzi and tabloids ', 'Kate Gosselin last night in Tony got the second lowest score only Buzz Aldrin . Eighty years old did worse -- -- they left it was all about the story telling Katie getting back at the paparazzi ', "things that they've already gotten rid of from the budget proposal they put out in February figure of the sport of  Buzz Aldrin  the second man on all right enormous sentiment just real quickly with ten seconds give us a little university's first ", "budget proposal they put out in February figure of the sport of Buzz Aldrin the second man on -- all right enormous sentiment just real quickly with ten seconds give us a little -- -- university's ", "spiral. It in terms of space exploration and development. Though President Obama did tout that they have the support of  Buzz Aldrin  the second man on the moon who's just press office on Dancing With The Stars as well. I know that we're no longer ", "development. Though President Obama did tout that they have the support of Buzz Aldrin the second man on the moon who's just press office -- on Dancing With The Stars as well. I know that we're ", "America feared losing To the Russians. The president was joined on his mission today by the second man on the moon  Buzz Aldrin  who supports the president's plan. It's I totally agree that we should set her sights much higher than just returning ", "joined on his mission today by the second man on the moon Buzz Aldrin who supports the president's plan. It's I totally agree that we should set her sights much higher than just returning to the ", "America feared losing To the Russians. The president was joined on his mission today by the second man on the moon  Buzz Aldrin  who supports the president's plan. It's I totally agree that we should set her sights much higher than just returning ", "joined on his mission today by the second man on the moon Buzz Aldrin who supports the president's plan. It's I totally agree that we should set her sights much higher than just returning to the ", "America feared losing To the Russians. The president was joined on his mission today by the second man on the moon  Buzz Aldrin  who supports the president's. Plants I totally agree that we should set much higher than just returning to the moon ", "joined on his mission today by the second man on the moon Buzz Aldrin who supports the president's. Plants I totally agree that we should set -- -- much higher than just returning to the moon. ", 'first Betty White started the Super Bowls most popular commercial. And last week she Saturday Night Live an American  Buzz Aldrin . He tripped the light fantastic on dancing with the stars and now people of a certain age have their own yes reality ', 'And last week she -- Saturday Night Live -- an American -- Buzz Aldrin . He tripped the light fantastic on dancing with the stars and now people of a certain age have their own yes reality ', 'evidence be about to set. Heart Betty White. Neil and  Buzz Aldrin  are redefining the meaning of a senior moment. new TV last week she Saturday Night Live in an American hero  Buzz Aldrin . He tripped the light fantastic on dancing with the ', 'new DNA evidence be about to set. Heart Betty White. Neil and Buzz Aldrin are redefining the meaning of a senior moment. -- new TV show is revealing seniors behaving badly really badly what ever happens ', 'And last week she -- Saturday Night Live in an American hero Buzz Aldrin . He tripped the light fantastic on dancing with the stars and now people of a certain age have their own yes reality ', "Kate Hurley took him into the life. All eliminating contestants return tonight for a group dance or in the case of  Buzz Aldrin  a group. Something. Impreza buzz he's not used to gravity so that is. Friday five's Kate Gosselin Kate Gosselin ", "contestants return tonight for a group dance or in the case of Buzz Aldrin a group. Something. -- Impreza buzz he's not used to gravity so that is. Friday five's Kate Gosselin Kate Gosselin her dancing ", "back if you missed last night's announcement of the new cast here they are for the men we have legendary astronaut  Buzz Aldrin . But the figure skating champion Evan license check NFL star Chad Ochocinco the bachelor start sheik of al-Qaeda ", 'new cast here they are for the men we have legendary astronaut Buzz Aldrin . But the figure skating champion Evan license check NFL star Chad Ochocinco the bachelor start sheik of al-Qaeda and soap star in ']