['5-year-old\'s birthday? Clearly you haven\'t been paying attention. Maybe you need to ask yourself, "What would the  Cake Boss  do?" Because ike so many other aspects of parenting today, the baking of the annual birthday cake has evolved into high ', 'fresh-dipped strawberries? "The  Cake Boss ," Buddy Valasto, puts an Independence a red, white and blue theme.  Buddy Valastro \'s Italian Fruit Tart  Buddy Valastro \'s Italian fruit tart recipe is ', 'hot dogs on board. There are three Broadway shows on each sailing, including the huge hit "Rock of Ages." Even the  Cake Boss  has come on board. (Yes, he\'s technically from New Jersey, but most New Yorkers count him as one of their own ', "a 1-carat cushion-cut center diamond ring, set in 14-carat white gold, from Robbins Brothers.  Buddy Valastro , the star of  Cake Boss , designed three cake options for the couple, using Cohn's Pinterest page again as a guide. The three ", 'being a desirable location for reality TV shows such as \'Jersey Shore,\' \'The Real Housewives of New Jersey\' and \' Cake Boss ,\'" New Jersey assemblyman Ronald Dancer (R), who introduced the bill, said. "These shows can attract crowds ', 'being a desirable location for reality TV shows such as \'Jersey Shore,\' \'The Real Housewives of New Jersey\' and \' Cake Boss ,\'" New Jersey assemblyman Ronald Dancer (R), who introduced the bill, said. "These shows can attract crowds ', 'wedding cake topped by a model bisou fries made by the Hoboken, N.J., bakery made famous by TLC\'s reality show " Cake Boss ." Because the vendors-to-the-stars tapped by Diamond to orchestrate the event all donated their time and services ', 'pitching in are Floralia Decorators, the florists for New York\'s famed Waldorf-Astoria hotel, and  Buddy Valastro , of TLC\'s " Cake Boss " fame, whose Hoboken, N.J.-based bakery has created a surprise wedding cake. If the Guinness ', 'At the end of today\'s show, Robin was also treated to a special cake, designed by the " Cake Boss "  Buddy Valastro  and the folks at  Carlo \' s Bakery  . Between her newsmaker interviews, Robin shared so much of herself on the show and fit in ', 'birthday cake that stole the show, notes ABC\'s Amy Bingham. The cake, created by celebrity chef  Buddy Valastro , of the TV show " Cake Boss ," is topped with a sugar-coated Romney riding atop a horse standing in a field of green frosting ', 'Ann Romney today, it was the birthday cake that stole the show. The cake, created by celebrity chef  Buddy Valastro , of the TV show " Cake Boss ," is topped with a sugar-coated Romney riding atop a horse standing in a field of green frosting ', 'Gina and father, Gus, respectively. "Mama\'s Boys of the Bronx" is another addition to a reality TV world of " Cake Boss ," "Mob Wives," "Real Housewives of New Jersey" and, of course, "Jersey Shore." But some Italians feel that ', 'Buddy Valastro , author of "Baking With the  Cake Boss ," showed us this morning on "Good Morning America" how to create his Santa cake for Christmas. This cake is fun to decorate ', "downstairs now. Our good friend  cake boss  buddy is here with a brand-new there's buddy walking to the  cake boss  cafe. What's there. Right on it's all the products we make at  carlo ' s bakery . I have the whole family working ", "you. Let's go downstairs now. Our good friend cake boss buddy is here with a brand-new place in times square. You're our neighbor. Yeah. It is so easy to find of the you just leave our times square studio in the morning. You just travel down around -- look, there's buddy walking to the cake boss cafe. What's there. Right on the corner. Cake all the time. Right in the corner of 42nd and 8th in the port ", "We are got a Christmas today with  cake boss  buddy the last rays got new decorating tricks straight out of his funk baking  cake boss  everybody's best recipes and decorating seekers. And ", "We are -- got a Christmas today with cake boss buddy the last rays got -- -- new decorating tricks straight out of his funk baking cake boss -- everybody's best recipes and decorating seekers. And we're gonna get right to -- -- put us on the test today I ", '" Cake Boss " star prepares his family\'s favorite fennel and apple salad for Thanksgiving.', "little crazy yeah. It's gotten your in case. But the great thing about it. And now he's the internationally known  cake boss  with the reality show hit. And his family run Carlos bake shop in Hoboken, New Jersey is overrun with billions sometimes ", "But the great thing about it. And now he's the internationally known cake boss with the reality show hit. And his family run Carlos bake shop in Hoboken, New Jersey is overrun with billions sometimes -- ", '"GMA Takes On" challenge begins with Juju Chang taking on chef  Buddy Valastro .', "Host of 'The  Cake Boss'  prepares favorite sweets in preparation of Thanksgiving."]