["An unmanned U.S. Air Force spaceplane that has been in orbit for over a year is coming back to Earth.The Pentagon's experimental craft, which resembles a mini space ...", 'A new U.S. spy satellite launched into orbit Wednesday (June 20), kicking off a clandestine national security mission for the National Reconnaissance Office.The NROL...', "The U.S. Air Force's secrecy-shrouded X-37B unmanned spaceplane returned to Earth early Friday after more than seven months in orbit on a classified mission, officia...", " The United States Air Force's secretive X - 37B robotic space plane blasted off from Florida late Thursday on a mystery mission shrouded in secrecy for the U . S . ...", "The U.S. Air Force's secrecy-shrouded X-37B unmanned spaceplane returned to Earth early Friday after more than seven months in orbit on a classified mission, officia...", 'An unmanned Air Force space plane that spent seven months in orbit is set to return to Earth.The X-37B Orbital Test Vehicle is scheduled to land at Vandenberg Air Fo...', 'An unmanned Air Force space plane that spent seven months in orbit is set to return to Earth.The X-37B Orbital Test Vehicle is scheduled to land at Vandenberg Air Fo...', ' The U . S . Air Force is on the verge of showcasing a new and long - sought after spaceflight capacity with its X - 37B space plane , but it will do so on a space m...', 'You would think that an unpiloted space plane built to rocket spaceward from Florida atop an Atlas booster, circle the planet for an extended time, then land on auto...', "NASAApril 22, 2010: U.S. Air Force's novel robotic X-37B space plane launches atop an Atlas 5 rocket from a seaside pad at the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Fl...", "NASAApril 22, 2010: U.S. Air Force's novel robotic X-37B space plane launches atop an Atlas 5 rocket from a seaside pad at the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Fl...", ' LOS ANGELES - - After a decade of development , the Air Force this month plans to launch a robotic spacecraft resembling a small space shuttle to conduct technology...']