['songwriter standards of the \'70s, Carole King\'s "You\'ve Got a Friend," and delivered a somnambulent version.  Carly Smithson \'s choice of Queen\'s "The Show Must Go On" was not in itself terribly misguided (it isn\'t one of the tediously ', 'Woman that ranks with the season\'s best performances to date. David Cook\'s impassioned "Eleanor Rigby" and  Carly Smithson \'s wailing "Come Together" were also highlights, making up for a flat "In My Life" from Ramiele Malubay, a ', 'up against metal barricades. Cheers explode without favor, as shrill for country girl Cook as for tattooed rocker  Carly Smithson . Incredibly, the Idols move slowly and methodically down a 60-yard line of people, skipping no one in this largely ', 'contestants of "American Idol\'s" Season 7 will be in a city near you this summer. The tour includes Brooke White,  Carly Smithson , Chikezie Eze, David Archuleta, Jason Castro, Kristy Lee Cook, Michael Johns, Ramiele Malubay, Syesha Mercado ', 'say is superior to last year\'s. "I was sadder this year with people leaving, when Michael Johns left, when  Carly  ( Smithson ) left. At the same time, we still have some really good people on the show. It wasn\'t like (Chris) Daughtry ', 'season\'s "American Idol." Shaw was voted off the road to stardom, after a round of competition with contestant  Carly Smithson . Under a different name, Smithson was an Irish singing sensation, signed to a six-record deal with MC records ', "Someone that's in fact a major label. Of course it gives the advantage bumped off the road to stardom by the likes of  Carly Smithson . Home and do. Thank you Under a different name the Irish singing sensation was signed to a six record deal with ", 'the advantage bumped off the road to stardom by the likes of Carly Smithson . Home and do. Thank you -- Under a different name the Irish singing sensation was signed to a six record deal with ', "And then there five American Idol star  Carly Smithson  is headed home. Despite the 24 year old Irish bartenders electrifying performance at Jesus Christ superstar. She couldn't rustle ", "And then there -- five American Idol star Carly Smithson is headed home. Despite the 24 year old Irish bartenders electrifying performance at Jesus Christ superstar. She couldn't rustle up enough votes "]