["Older people who received this season's flu shot appear to be less protected from the illness than younger people who were vaccinated. As a result, early flu treatme...", 'Flu season is still upon us, but it appears to be winding down.As of Feb. 2, the percentage of people visiting the doctor for flu-like illness in the United States w...', "WebMD's new iPhone app, Pain Coach (free) is here to help those who suffer from chronic pain; no drugs included. The health information website hopes to coach consum...", 'When pain strikes, expecting relief from a drug may be a big help -- even if that drug has no active ingredients, a new study shows.That quirk -- called the placebo ...', 'Has your doctor ever prescribed you salt therapy or maggots? Maybe not...yet. Respected physicians, including ones at top medical schools like Harvard, have been red...', 'Women who use certain over-the-counter painkillers such as aspirin early in pregnancy may not have an increased risk of miscarriage, according to a U.S. study.Resear...', "Health regulators said on Tuesday they have approved a drug made by Japan's Shionogi & Co to treat women experiencing pain during sexual intercourse.The U.S. Food an...", 'Dr. Keith Ablow, FOX Medical A-Team, on what is sending painkiller usage levels so high in this country.', 'For those who are able, exercising once or twice more weekly may alleviate some symptoms of a chronic pain condition without making joints feel worse, according to a...', 'Taking a dip in a tub of cold water after exercising may prevent muscle soreness, but a new look at past research says little is known about its side effects or even...', 'When his brain cancer pain became unbearable, Vlad Zhukovsky pleaded for a stronger dose of painkiller, but the doctors refused, citing Ukrainian health regulations....', 'Sally Royster cried when her orthopedic surgeon said he would no longer prescribe OxyContin for the chronic back pain that leaves her unable to walk. She was told pr...', 'For women about to embark on nine months of pregnancy or for cancer patients undergoing their first round chemotherapy, finding the perfect doctor is always crucial....', 'Sex may relieve migraine pain for some people who suffer from the intense headaches, new research suggests.The finding, published in the March issue of the journal C...']