['In the second season premiere of ABC\'s " Celebrity Wife Swap ," former Playboy model Kendra Wilkinson and reality TV star Kate Gosselin changed households and saw the other\'s daily life ', 'situation, dancing in a parking lot. Busey\'s young son, Luke, is also featured in the video. In an episode of " Celebrity Wife Swap " last month on ABC, Busey spoke in a playful, high-pitched voice, sometimes ended sentences with the word ', 'series will make their premieres, or, in some cases, continue after a lengthy hiatus. Already up on ABC is "  Celebrity Wife Swap  ," which premiered Monday with Carnie Wilson switching places with "Growing Pains" star Tracey Gold. Tuesday ', 'Josh Elliott reports from the Rose Bowl in Pasadena TUESDAY, JANUARY 3 - Tracey Gold and Carnie Wilson (ABC\'s " Celebrity Wife Swap \'); Isaac Mizrahi ("Project Runway All Stars"); Author Lisa Niemi Swayze (Worth Fighting For: Love, Loss ', 'enough of reality TV, Gary Busey and disgraced pastor Ted Haggard will swap partners for an upcoming episode of " Celebrity Wife Swap ." Haggard, the former New Life Church pastor, and his wife, Gayle, will appear in the spinoff of the ABC reality ', "with a new family. That's what happens in ABC's  celebrity wife swap . And last night actresses Traci golden singer Carnie Boudreau ABC news. Instruments. And another episode of  celebrity wife swap  airs tonight at 9:8 central on ABC.", "the new year with a new family. That's what happens in ABC's celebrity wife swap . And last night actresses Traci golden singer Carnie Wilson switched places to boot ABC's Abbie Boudreau now. With the story on what ", 'Good Morning America Abby Boudreau ABC news. Instruments. And another episode of celebrity wife swap airs tonight at 9:8 central on ABC. ', "great social experiment that is  celebrity wife swap . In coming up in tonight's when worlds collide episode of  celebrity wife swap  she's not the only youngster friend and everybody check out  celebrity wife swap  tonight 9 PM eastern here on", "Now we got to -- great social experiment that is celebrity wife swap . In coming up in tonight's episode comedian -- seen Nash slots lives with actress -- -- -- -- -- -- family -- ", "And -- fence topped. -- on this when worlds collide episode of celebrity wife swap she's not the only youngster to register a little disapproval. -- -- You know body. On the net and -- the Iraq. ", 'good teammate. Thank you so much my friend and everybody check out celebrity wife swap tonight 9 PM eastern here on -- -- -- -- ', "will invasion of millions to hold her back I don't my. Yeah all that Clemens Sony and powerhouse Snyder says  celebrity wife swap . just the wild things wrong one million woman I think this is a good to change. Had you know it's if you've ", "my. Yeah -- all that Clemens Sony and powerhouse -- Snyder says celebrity wife swap . -- just the wild things wrong one million woman I think this is a good -- to change. Had you know it's ", "Apparently they'll do anything for publicity how NBC are trading wives per week on an upcoming episode of ABC's  celebrity wife swap . Haggard was forced to resign for his New Life Church in 2006. After it was revealed He was doing drugs and having ", "NBC are trading wives per week on an upcoming episode of ABC's celebrity wife swap . Haggard was forced to resign for his New Life Church in 2006. After it was revealed He was doing drugs and having ", "has already lost a staggering. She's making leaks and but just before her latest surgery Wilson was featured on  celebrity wife swap  poking fun at her larger figure. Wilson spoke candidly with ABC's Deborah Roberts in 1999. Just before her initial ", "and -- but just before her latest surgery Wilson was featured on celebrity wife swap poking fun at her larger figure. Wilson spoke candidly with ABC's Deborah Roberts in 1999. Just before her initial gastric bypass surgery. ", "home are we letting. This. That's right yeah. Good really been out What comes of that you're ready do a on  celebrity wife swap . you really hit all the right. Let's let not have they'll It isn't hard drive which George is really going ", "-- What comes of that -- you're ready do a -- on celebrity wife swap . -- you really hit all the right. Let's let -- not have -- they'll -- It isn't hard drive which George is "]