["Last week it was obese football players. Now it's ... overweight basketball players?Yep. If you apply a widely used criterion to the published heights and weights of...", 'Scientists have developed a new way to measure whether a person is too fat without having people step on the scale.The new measure, called the Body Adiposity Index, ...', "The British Medical Journal recently published interesting results regarding use of a mandometer with overweight kids. A mandometer is a device used to gauge one's r...", 'Scientists have developed a new way to measure whether a person is too fat without having people step on the scale.The new measure, called the Body Adiposity Index, ...', 'Slender people are more likely to die after surgery than those who are overweight, a new study finds.People with a body mass index (BMI) of 23 or less were 40 percen...', 'Measuring tape not only tells you what clothing size you need, but it can reveal your risk for diabetes as well.According to a study published in the journal PLoS Me...', 'For many women, the extra calories that are vital for a healthy pregnancy often become a green light to indulge and give into cravings. In fact, more than 30 percent...', "There's an unexpected link between marijuana use and factors related to Type 2 diabetes that has medical researchers intrigued.Several studies have found that mariju...", 'Women who are obese during pregnancy may be at increased risk of giving birth too early, a new study from Sweden suggests.In the study, obese women were more likely ...', 'Dr. Manny: Governor Christie is adding years to his life by having lap-band surgery', 'I am very pleased that Gov. Chris Christie came out publicly to talk about his weight-reduction surgery. I know that for years he has struggled with his weight, but ...', 'A new study suggests doctors treat thin patients with more empathy than overweight ones, The New York Times reported.The study, which was published in the journal Ob...', '10 Costliest Life Insurance Health ConditionsWhen you apply for life insurance , an underwriter will consider multiple factors before offering you a policy: your age...', 'Kimberly Calliari paid $300, lost 51 pounds and won $1,200.That all happened after she signed up for two challenges on HealthyWage.com, a website that lets dieters b...', "Children will meet activity goals to earn rewards, but the extra effort doesn't necessarily affect their weight and health, according to a new study.The findings rei...", 'With the wide selection of sugar filled items in the stores today children want nothing to do with eating healthy. Unfortunately, childhood obesity is common these d...']