["country sweetheart kellie pickler wowed the audience and the judges with a contemporary routine that even brought  carrie ann inaba  to tears. You bared your soul on the dance floor and it's one of the most beautiful things I have ever seen ", "the audience and the judges with a contemporary routine that even brought carrie ann inaba to tears. You bared your soul on the dance floor and it's one of the most beautiful things I have ever seen. ", "but Max had a very good points. And I don't think Derek has ever really being criticized. On Access Hollywood  Carrie Ann Inaba  try to calm the growing tension with We're about and I'm not saying that it's my show the yeah. But I am saying ", "I don't think Derek has ever really being criticized. On Access Hollywood Carrie Ann Inaba try to calm the growing tension with -- We're about and I'm not saying that it's my show the -- yeah. But ", "hopefully. You be able to do expects. Bruno Tonioli personal favorite all season Ricki days. Personal favorite for  Carrie Ann Inaba  Len Len Goodman JR's instant job. And Kerry and was impressed with rob Kardashian and Argentine tango. This season ", "Tonioli personal favorite all season Ricki -- -- days. Personal favorite for Carrie Ann Inaba Len Len Goodman JR's instant job. And Kerry and was impressed with rob Kardashian and Argentine tango. This season winner will be ", "Jim Carey, Marlon Wayans and Carey Ann Inaba Reunite With 'In Living Color' Cast on 'GMA'", 'Shawn along with sister Kim Kelly Tommy Davidson. crystal key even though familiar fly Dancing With The Stars judge  Carrie Ann Inaba . As they gathered to reminisce about their groundbreaking hit. Did you want to do you put everybody had something ', 'key -- even though familiar fly -- Dancing With The Stars judge Carrie Ann Inaba . As they gathered to reminisce about their groundbreaking hit. Did you want to do you put -- everybody had something to. It ', 'show in the making right you imagine that they none of cameras the Wayans Brothers Thanksgiving I like that gym to  Carrie Ann Inaba  Jennifer Lopez all lunched from in living color what do you think about the show and you look at it and you you LaSalle ', 'of cameras the Wayans Brothers Thanksgiving I like that gym to -- Carrie Ann Inaba Jennifer Lopez all lunched -- from in living color what do you think about the show and you look at it and ', "as you know not every celebrity is a positive role model. So we're honoring people like Whitney port Sophia bush  Carrie Ann Inaba . And the Emmy award winning producers of Oprah's big given the Amazing Race. Jo-Jo is performing. And it's ", "positive role model. So we're honoring people like Whitney port Sophia bush Carrie Ann Inaba . And the Emmy award winning producers of Oprah's big given the Amazing Race. Jo-Jo is performing. And it's really just one event. ", "don't to people who post these red carpet shows they have no idea who might wander up and Dancing With The Stars judge  Carrie Ann Inaba . Co hosted the coverage on the TV guide channel and suffered through this embarrassing moment. Yeah does the do ", 'no idea who might wander up and Dancing With The Stars judge Carrie Ann Inaba . Co hosted the coverage on the TV guide channel and suffered through this embarrassing moment. Yeah does the do you guys -- ', 'And He was enjoying getting to know his seat mate.  Carrie Ann Inaba  judge from Dancing With The Stars. But after three too late for those on virgin flight 404. Late today  Carrie Ann Inaba  released a statement saying the ordeal was something ', 'brief delay. And He was enjoying getting to know his seat mate. Carrie Ann Inaba judge from Dancing With The Stars. -- But after three hours on the tarmac -- captured this announcement. I -- -- what ', "next month too late for those on virgin flight 404. Late today Carrie Ann Inaba released a statement saying the ordeal was something I hope to never experience again. Adding there's a good side to this story ", 'And He was enjoying getting to know his seat mate.  Carrie Ann Inaba  judge from Dancing With The Stars. But after three month too late for those on virgin flight. Late today  Carrie Ann Inaba  released a statement saying the ordeal was something ', 'brief delay. And He was enjoying getting to know his seat mate. Carrie Ann Inaba judge from Dancing With The Stars. -- But after three hours on the tarmac -- captured this announcement. I -- -- what ', 'of next month too late for those on virgin flight. Late today Carrie Ann Inaba released a statement saying the ordeal was something I hope to never experience again. Adding there is a good side to this ', "We have to go here in our big announcement Dancing With The Stars Tom Bergeron  Carrie Ann Inaba  a so great to see all of you again it isn't like family. teased us I did and yet our society with the musical right well we're ", "go here in our big announcement Dancing With The Stars Tom Bergeron Carrie Ann Inaba a -- -- -- -- so great to see all of you again it isn't like family. -- -- teased us I "]