['votes. Jacoby Jones: The Baltimore Ravens wide receiver salsa\'s brought uniform praise from judges Len Goodman,  Carrie Ann Inaba  and Bruno Tonioli. Goodman told Jones that he had a "naturalness" about his dance, and was full of fun and vitality ', 'limitless supply of energy and power" but said he missed the beat "quite a few times" and also went flat-footed.  Carrie Ann Inaba  told Jones he "always brought the swagger" and was always exciting to watch. Judges awarded Jones 27 out of a possible ', "'Dancing With the Stars': Ingo Rademacher Goes Home in Week 9, Show Marks 300th Episode", "'Dancing With the Stars': Jacoby Jones, Aly Raisman Tie for Lead in Week 9 Semifinals", 'technique. "That was fantastic!" he added. Judge Bruno Tonioli told Pickler the routine was "superb," while  Carrie Ann Inaba  called it "perfection." Pickler earned 30 out of a possible 30 points. Pickler\'s fan-selected routine, the ', 'telling her she was "like a breath of fresh air."  Carrie Ann Inaba  said she thought the beginning of the routine was a earned 29 points. RELATED: Andy Dick Reacts to Judge  Carrie Ann Inaba \'s Low Score Trio Round In this second round of dances ', 'him. "It\'s been the best. It\'s just been the best," he said, his voice breaking. He jokingly told judge  Carrie Ann Inaba  that the result was her fault because she gave him a low score - a 5 out of 10 - for his individual routine on Monday ', "'Dancing With the Stars' Week 7: Raisman Soars to the Top on Latin Night, Pickler Gets Immunity", 'Really was first rate." Judges Bruno Tonioli and  Carrie Ann Inaba  were in agreement. Inaba drew chuckles when she told audience and a near-perfect score from judges, although  Carrie Ann Inaba  said she didn\'t believe Pickler connected emotionally ', "'Dancing With the Stars' Week 6: Kellie Pickler Regains Lead on Stevie Wonder Night", 'crackle, pop and musicality. "I\'m telling you, girl, that\'s the way to start the show!" Goodman said.  Carrie Ann Inaba  said Zendaya set the tone for the night, adding that she felt sorry for those who had to dance afterward. Bruno ', 'Very, very sharp," Tonioli said. "Just one thing: point your feet on the kicks and flicks." Goodman and  Carrie Ann Inaba  agreed that the routine was good but Jones\' footwork needed to be sharper. When Goodman told Jones that he\'d never ', 'he said. Judge Bruno Tonioli said Lowe stumbled at times, but said the performance was sweet and tender. Judge  Carrie Ann Inaba  also thought Lowe did well, but pointed out that he and pro partner Peta Murgatroyd performed two prohibited lifts ', "'Dancing With the Stars' Prom Night: Kellie Pickler Leads in Week 3 of Season 16", 'told Raisman that the audience was "swept away" in the romance of her dance and her expressive movements. While  Carrie Ann Inaba  agreed that her quality of movement was strong and refined, Inaba said Raisman needed to work more on staying in ', 'frame was good, your footwork is very hit-and-miss, but overall I think it was an improvement," but judge  Carrie Ann Inaba  said she thought Rademacher\'s frame "was a little off." Judge Bruno Tonioli said Rademacher tried his best with ', "Louis van Amstel's 5 Things to Watch in 'Dancing With the Stars' Season 16 Premiere", 'feet off the floor with the support of her partner. Even if it is an inch, it\'s technically not allowed. Judge  Carrie Ann Inaba  is constantly calling them out. Early on, the couples take the "no lift" rule lightly, or wipe their behinds ', 'temperatures rising in our schedules filling up Is easy to become a little wound but Dancing With The Stars judge  Carrie Ann Inaba  joins us now with ideas. On how keep things simple simple things like eating right and staying active that can help ', 'to become a little -- wound but Dancing With The Stars judge Carrie Ann Inaba joins us now with ideas. On how keep things simple simple things like eating right and staying active that can help us ', "country sweetheart kellie pickler wowed the audience and the judges with a contemporary routine that even brought  carrie ann inaba  to tears. You bared your soul on the dance floor and it's one of the most beautiful things I have ever seen ", "the audience and the judges with a contemporary routine that even brought carrie ann inaba to tears. You bared your soul on the dance floor and it's one of the most beautiful things I have ever seen. "]