['returned to sing his new single, "I\'m on a Roll," with help from Ben J from New Boyz. Fellow season 10 contestant  Casey Abrams  was also on hand to give the top six some advice going into the "Idol" tour this summer. Katy Perry was lowered onto ', 'medical attention seem to be as much a part of any "American Idol" season as Randy Jackson saying "Yo, dawg."  Casey Abrams , Crystal Bowersox, Lauren Alaina and David Cook are just a few of the contestants who\'ve had health crises during ', '"Believin" wasn\'t enough for James Durbin, who was eliminated from "American Idol" Thursday night. "I did so much stuff that\'s never been done on this show before," he said. Wiping away tears, the rocker from California said he had hoped to get to the final three but was thankful for the', 'If one "American Idol" contestant has the rest beat in terms of buzz, it\'s  Casey Abrams . Adams survived elimination from the singing competition as Stefano Langone was booted Thursday after receiving the least number ', 'harsh words. "They\'re giving some of them an over-inflated sense of how good they are," she said, singling out  Casey Abrams  , who performed Nat King Cole\'s "Nature Boy" Wednesday. Jackson and Tyler stood and applauded, and all three judges ', 'remain, Reinhart and Georgia native Lauren Alaina, putting the odds in favor of another male Idol. Favorite fellows  Casey Abrams , Paul McDonald and James Durbin were put on notice this week by young gun Scotty McCreery. The 17-year-old country ', 'remain, Reinhart and Georgia native Lauren Alaina, putting the odds in favor of another male Idol. Favorites fellows  Casey Abrams , Paul McDonald and James Durbin were put on notice this week by young gun Scotty McCreery. The 17-year-old country ', 'course it happens. What do you think? We\'ve got 12 kids living in the same house. Come on." This year, finalists  Casey Abrams  and Haley Reinhart , both 20, are said to be having an off-screen romance, according to In Touch magazine and other ', 'can throw down a big ballad," he said. "I\'m still waiting to see if she can do more than that." The Spoiler:  Casey Abrams  Abrams, the bearded, burly contestant from Idyllwild, Calif., has won over the audience with his eclectic charm ', 'Loewenstern and Caleb Hawley on guitar made it to the next round. There were some show-stopping moments, as well, as when  Casey Abrams  brought out his stand-up bass to perform "Georgia on My Mind," earning a standing ovation from the audience. Later ', "American Idol just didn't worry was performing on Broadway in New York. Now he's doing regional theater in Atlanta.  Casey Abrams  is now a spokesperson. For. Inflammatory. Bowel disease. Juliet D'Amato was a hairdresser in Connecticut before ", "on Broadway in New York. Now he's doing regional theater in Atlanta. Casey Abrams is now a spokesperson. For. Inflammatory. Bowel disease. Juliet D'Amato was a hairdresser in Connecticut before -- post idol she's back to ", 'American Idol contestants may be working on their own secret backstage according to in touch weekly idol hopefuls.  Casey Abrams  and hot and Hayley Reinhardt. Have become quite close behind the scenes. Sources tell in that when they are not competing ', 'own secret -- -- backstage according to in touch weekly idol hopefuls. Casey Abrams and hot and Hayley Reinhardt. Have become quite close behind the scenes. Sources tell in -- that when they are not competing ', "I'm from a high. Two top. Finalists and Lou coming back now they're seven I believe what I was joys early pick  Casey Abrams  and then Lauren doling out I think it's her And bulk of them your hearts out last thing the first negative actually ", "back now they're seven I believe what I was joys early pick Casey Abrams and then Lauren doling out I think it's her -- And bulk of them -- your hearts out last thing the first "]