['Edward Snowden, seen here in an interview with The Guardian newspaper, told the newspaper he was the source of a series of leaked documents from the National Security Agency.  (The Guardian, Glenn Greenwald and Laura Poitras)', 'Before he was labeled a "hero" or a "traitor," Ed Snowden, the intelligence contractor who leaked the details of a secret domestic data mining program, was called a "whistle-blower."', 'The term "whistle-blower" has been used broadly by his defenders, including Glenn Greenwald, the Guardian reporter who first published documents provided by Snowden detailing the PRISM program to monitor the phone calls and emails of U.S. citizens.', '"Every time there\'s a whistle-blower, somebody who exposes government wrongdoing, the tactic of the government is to try and demonize them as a traitor," Greenwald told ABC News\' George Stephanopoulos.', "But for each of Snowden's champions, there are others less willing to anointment him with a title usually reserved for those who expose criminal activity, fraud or corruption.", 'The Guardian, Glenn Greenwald and Laura PoitrasEdward Snowden, seen here in an interview... View Full Size', 'The Guardian, Glenn Greenwald and Laura PoitrasEdward Snowden, seen here in an interview with The Guardian newspaper, told the newspaper he was the source of a series of leaked documents from the National Security Agency.', "Federal law broadly protects whistle-blowers with one exception, employees who are privy to the nation's secrets, said Professor Richard E. Moberly, associate dean of the University of Nebraska College of Law.", '"The definition of a whistle-blower  depends on the context," he said.  "Outside of national security we tend to think very broadly. [Whistle-blowers expose] not only illegal activity, but abuses of power, fraud, financial  misconduct, and even unethical choices."', 'But employees entrusted with state secrets "should be more limited in how and what to disclose," he said.', "Under the law, intelligence employees have their own system to report activity they believe violates the law or is unethical.  Employees are instructed to report wrongdoing to Congress or their agency's inspector general, Moberly said.", 'The press, which has made heroes of past whistle-blowers like Jeffrey Wigand who exposed big tobacco\'s lies and Frank Serpico, an NYPD detective who took on police corruption, have selectively used the word "whistle-blower" to describe Snowden.', 'The Associated Press, which sets the style for many of its member agencies, issued a memo on Monday telling reporters to call Snowden a "leaker" rather than a "whistleblower."', '"A whistle-blower is a person who exposes wrongdoing. It\'s not a person who simply asserts that what he has uncovered is illegal or immoral," wrote AP standards editor Tom Kent. "Whether the actions exposed by Snowden and [Pfc. Bradley] Manning constitute wrongdoing is hotly contested, so we should not call them whistle-blowers on our own at this point." ', "The Secret History of NSA ContractorsSnowden's Father Worried Over Son's NSA LeakBoehner on NSA Whistleblower: 'He's a Traitor'Chasing the Alleged NSA LeakerWho Is Reported NSA Leaker Edward Snowden?White House Asked if Edward Snowden Is a Hero", 'You are using an outdated version of Internet Explorer.  Please click here to  upgrade your browser in order to comment.']