["Only singer Queen Latifah has so deftly danced around the issue of sexuality in the celebrity world. Others like singer  Clay Aiken  of American Idol, 'N Sync's Lance Bass , and Broadway's Ricky Ma rtin have come in splashy and orchestrated publicity ", 'CNN\'s "Piers Morgan Tonight." Earlier this year Hall launched a comeback as a contestant on the fifth season of "The Celebrity Apprentice." He ultimately beat out fellow finalist  Clay Aiken  to be selected as the winner on the show.', 'Terrence Malick 1947 David Mamet 1955 Billy Idol 1959 Cherie Currie 1962 Bo Jackson 1965 Ben Stiller 1969 Amy Ryan 1978  Clay Aiken  1982 Elisha Cuthbert Jump back to Nov. 29: Day in History . View more videos from This Month in History: November ', "ask Jennifer Hudson , Chris Daughtry , Adam Lambert and  Clay Aiken  . They've each gone on to award-winning careers with shows in North America, Asia, Australia and Europe.  Clay Aiken  Aiken continues to surprise, ever since his second-place ", 'achieve the success or even recognition of runner-ups  Clay Aiken  and Adam Lambert. Chris Daughtry and Jennifer Hudson pop star potential Simon Cowell once bestowed on him.  Clay Aiken  Aiken continues to surprise, ever since his second-place ', 'the reader no matter where it comes from."  Clay Aiken  Surely some "claymates,"  Clay Aiken  \'s adoring fans, have been in a deep depression that I lied to them, because I didn\'t."  Clay Aiken  Bragman supported the way that Aiken came out ', 'Lesbian Dial-a-Date Stern doesn\'t have any problems slurring gays. On Monday, he said that he would have given  Clay Aiken  an usher\'s uniform because "you seem like a queen who would hang around in a theater." But Stern does have a soft ', 'contestant to express grievances about "Idol" that go beyond classification as sour grapes. Season two runner-up  Clay Aiken  and season seven finalist David Hernandez both criticized "Idol\'s" structure and judging process long after they ', 'guys bolstered that assumption. Adam Lambert Disses  Clay Aiken  Lambert did confirm that photos posted on the "Idol be cooler,\' " Lambert says. "I didn\'t want the  Clay Aiken  thing and the celebrity-magazine bull****. I need ', "respective labels after weak album sales. Studdard was eclipsed by the success of the second season's runner-up,  Clay Aiken  . And the fifth season fourth runner-up, Chris Daughtry, had the fastest selling rock album in history when his debut ", 'wowing both voters and judges. While Lambert\'s not flaunting his sexuality, whatever it may be, he\'s not taking the  Clay Aiken  path of avoidance. Aiken , the runner up of "Idol\'s" second season, dodged questions about his sexual orientation ', "But you know  Clay Aiken  circling the area when you come in this idea that for this morning and they're already lined up in the freezing cold outside ", "But you know Clay Aiken circling the area when you come in this idea that for this morning and they're already lined up in the freezing cold ", "and here's a little taste of the new album this is  Clay Aiken  singing. Can't take my eyes off you. we're thrilled to have  Clay Aiken  here with us today hi there clay thanks so much for being ", "sixties and here's a little taste of the new album this is Clay Aiken singing. Can't take my eyes off -- you. -- we're thrilled to have Clay Aiken here with us today hi there clay thanks so much for being here. So congratulations on your fifth album and how it ", "seven years ago I was hoping you wouldn't read it actually I don't know already he's had so much success since then  Clay Aiken  is a platinum selling a Broadway actor a goodwill ambassador. Or for UNICEF and this morning He joins us to perform ", "-- I don't know already he's had so much success since then Clay Aiken is a platinum selling -- a Broadway actor a goodwill ambassador. Or for UNICEF and this morning He joins us to perform ", "your welcome back to Good Morning America now we have  Clay Aiken  who is believed to be American Idol the ask. They think he's gonna win American Idol but you off the hook because you have been ", "-- -- your welcome back to Good Morning America now we have Clay Aiken who is believed to be -- American Idol -- the -- ask. They think he's gonna win American Idol but -- -- ", "Is  Clay Aiken  about to become a father. We'll give you a second the ball well Well apparently He is TMZ dot com says the current star of the ", "Is Clay Aiken about to become a father. We'll give you a second the ball well -- Well apparently He is TMZ dot com says ", "brought him to this day the new chapter in his life. Remember five years ago the special Ed teacher from North Carolina  Clay Aiken  it's on American Idol. Hey can To tell me. Impossibly geeky here Clooney surviving the red outfit in the merciless ", "life. Remember five years ago the special Ed teacher from North Carolina Clay Aiken it's on American Idol. Hey can -- To tell me. Impossibly geeky here Clooney surviving the red outfit in the merciless bullying "]