["The dancing pro stops into 'GMA Live' to catch up with Sam Champion, Lara Spencer and Josh Elliott.", 'champ on Dancing With The Stars  Cheryl Burke  has shown off some incredible over since she with a little girl.  Cheryl Burke  joins us now welcome Cheryl thanks about watching you on the show  Cheryl Burke  thank you so much for joining us ', 'As a two time champ on Dancing With The Stars Cheryl Burke has shown off some incredible -- over the years. In her new book dancing lessons she revealed how dancing has been her lifeline since she with a little girl. Cheryl Burke joins us now welcome Cheryl thanks for having me thanks for being here you know I think a lot of fans are ', 'and we would love to keep about watching you on the show Cheryl Burke thank you so much for joining us and we wish you all the continued -- -- everything you down thank you so ', "judges who have been writing and just two time champion  Cheryl Burke . Judging her as saying she's getting too much weight someone else wants to talk to you about all this it is  Cheryl Burke  who is joining us from Los Angeles right now good morning ", "to the judges who have been writing and just two time champion Cheryl Burke . Judging her as saying she's getting too much weight. It landed her on the cover of the latest People Magazine and this ", 'someone else wants to talk to you about all this it is Cheryl Burke who is joining us from Los Angeles right now good morning Carol. Get whining how -- you did this take you by ', "It's been awhile since  Cheryl Burke  has been on the dance floor but don't worry in a few weeks we're going to find out who she will be partnered with on the next ", "It's been awhile since Cheryl Burke has been on the dance floor but don't worry in a few weeks we're going to find out who she will be ", 'Professional dancer, "Dancing Lessons" author discusses new edition of her book.', "the ballroom on this tough week and by the way they're with us live this morning. D.L. Hughley and pro partner  cheryl burke . Cheryl, love you. Look at that boston fire department sweatshirt. I love you. Good morning, good morning. Boston ", "way they're with us live this morning. D.L. Hughley and pro partner cheryl burke . Cheryl, love you. Look at that boston fire department sweatshirt. I love you. Good morning, good morning. Boston pride, baby. Yeah. D.L., ", 'Green down and dirty on the Dancing With The Stars only for couple left will be down to three the final three after night the Vegas club testified. become the biggest at the favorite to win all followed by Galileo Murray and now we have to do some fearless with this. And we have the perfect person', "dancing is. Now you can turn and twist and shout your way to better ads with two time Dancing With The Stars champion  Cheryl Burke  she's got a brand you work out guide it's called. Disco ads with some of your favorite candidates to get into shape ", "way to better ads with two time Dancing With The Stars champion Cheryl Burke she's got a brand you work out guide it's called. Disco ads with some of your favorite candidates to get into shape ", "Derek there  Cheryl Burke  is known to many of us as a familiar face on Dancing With The Stars teach us. Let's contestants look like it's all roads or ", "Derek there Cheryl Burke is known to many of us as a familiar face on Dancing With The Stars teach us. Let's contestants look like it's ", 'Emmitt and cheryl. And they are all up early this morning. Apolo ohno, karina smirnoff, emmitt sm emmitt smith and  cheryl burke . Apolo, you went out on a high, after a perfect score. We did. We were able to get the encore dance. Every week ', 'early this morning. Apolo ohno, karina smirnoff, emmitt sm emmitt smith and cheryl burke . Apolo, you went out on a high, after a perfect score. We did. We were able to get the encore dance. Every ', "Stars sometimes they come out of nowhere seemingly the scores in the top couple all the sudden. They're Rick fox and  Cheryl Burke  left the show. Here's how it all went down. The with the lowest overall combined total and therefore leaving right ", "top couple -- -- all the sudden. They're -- Rick fox and Cheryl Burke left the show. Here's how it all went down. The -- with the lowest overall combined total and therefore leaving right now. ", "said it best this is a you don't. and elegance but that is what everyone got was Chris Jericho and his partner  Cheryl Burke . They had to leave last night but they join us now live this morning from things were coming up early this morning ", 'but that is what everyone got was Chris Jericho and his partner Cheryl Burke . They had to leave last night but they join us now live this morning from -- -- -- things were coming up ', "Sometimes through town on the reality show doesn't always come from the contestants themselves. On dips in with the stars  Cheryl Burke  Derrick and Mark Ballas are there to make the story The professionals were not. Technically the one a competing. It's ", "always come from the contestants themselves. On dips in with the stars Cheryl Burke Derrick and Mark Ballas are there to make the story -- The professionals were not. Technically the one -- a competing. It's ", "Amazing talented  Cheryl Burke  and time winner partner went Latin heartthrob. Christiane. Gain enough Very nice Jamison is you said it was I know it's beautiful ", 'Amazing talented Cheryl Burke and time winner -- partner went Latin heartthrob. Christiane. Gain enough -- -- Very nice Jamison is -- you said it was ']