["and here's a little taste of the new album this is  Clay Aiken  singing. Can't take my eyes off you. we're thrilled to have  Clay Aiken  here with us today hi there clay thanks so much for being ", "sixties and here's a little taste of the new album this is Clay Aiken singing. Can't take my eyes off -- you. -- we're thrilled to have Clay Aiken here with us today hi there clay thanks so much for being here. So congratulations on your fifth album and how it ", "seven years ago I was hoping you wouldn't read it actually I don't know already he's had so much success since then  Clay Aiken  is a platinum selling a Broadway actor a goodwill ambassador. Or for UNICEF and this morning He joins us to perform ", "-- I don't know already he's had so much success since then Clay Aiken is a platinum selling -- a Broadway actor a goodwill ambassador. Or for UNICEF and this morning He joins us to perform ", "Is  Clay Aiken  about to become a father. We'll give you a second the ball well Well apparently He is TMZ dot com says the current star of the ", "Is Clay Aiken about to become a father. We'll give you a second the ball well -- Well apparently He is TMZ dot com says ", "brought him to this day the new chapter in his life. Remember five years ago the special Ed teacher from North Carolina  Clay Aiken  it's on American Idol. Hey can To tell me. Impossibly geeky here Clooney surviving the red outfit in the merciless ", "life. Remember five years ago the special Ed teacher from North Carolina Clay Aiken it's on American Idol. Hey can -- To tell me. Impossibly geeky here Clooney surviving the red outfit in the merciless bullying ", "Clay Aiken  has a new reason to sing. He's lost and feel good. His name is Parker Foster Aiken six we sold. It's doing to use continued ", "Clay Aiken has a new reason to sing. He's lost and feel good. His name is Parker Foster Aiken -- six we sold. It's ", "your welcome back to Good Morning America now we have  Clay Aiken  who is believed to be American Idol the ask. They think he's gonna win American Idol but you off the hook because you have been ", "-- -- your welcome back to Good Morning America now we have Clay Aiken who is believed to be -- American Idol -- the -- ask. They think he's gonna win American Idol but -- -- ", "And with the first ideology and and down. It was I remember actually being in New York we got the benefit that song sounds like it's a good song actually they have great song and it turned being reports. They were auditioning to be the mascot for. Local high schools we have our stance five years", 'Clay Aiken  has sold more than five million albums and now He has a new CB out it is called on my way. And to hear from him in just. A moment ', 'Clay Aiken has sold more than five million albums and now He has a new CB out it is called on my way. And ', "earlier this week not confirmed as well bringing back some of the people who made it Jennifer Hudson's. Who was the  Clay Aiken  many out. And his can never met Kelly and Kelly Clarkson yeah they were all like floated out there as possible judges ", "the people who made it -- Jennifer Hudson's. Who was the -- Clay Aiken many out. And his -- can never met Kelly and Kelly Clarkson yeah they were all like floated out there as possible ", 'Clay Aiken  the ten to sort of silent Kennelly written that one day. You would have a feud with  Clay Aiken  and. Dream big stars want him bad moment The fireworks began on Friday when singer  Clay Aiken  guest hosting with Kelly on Live with Regis ', "Clay Aiken the ten to sort of silent Kennelly written by just putting his hand over amount hasn't done the exact opposite days later it is still very hot topic. And then I'm not in my wildest dream it's what I have -- thing that one day. You would have a feud with Clay Aiken and. Dream big stars want him bad moment viewers on an expert you. The fireworks began on Friday when singer Clay Aiken guest hosting with Kelly -- on Live with Regis and Kelly. Did this. I -- and don't know. On Monday that -- ", "tell you that's how it came up to me for his part Clay Aiken has declined to comment on the clash of the talk show tight ends I think Clay Aiken is -- Between a rock and a hard place she is making his sexuality. -- hot topic of the day when that's probably the last thing Clay Aiken would want. ", 'reportedly signed the and judge for the show this cord around his listener this. They also apparently according to. For  Clay Aiken . So let me cool to have some of these guys who really original show just starts in their own right how she got me as ', 'this cord around his listener this. They also apparently according to. For Clay Aiken . So let me -- -- cool to have some of these guys who really original show just starts in their own right ', "RC so you're you're one for one on this. a different. You know started on animal takes over for them art Lafley  Clay Aiken  and Ruben Studdard. Wow yeah mom and you know. Santos settled it was a second season showdown for America and I really ", 'You know started on animal takes over for them -- art Lafley Clay Aiken and Ruben Studdard. Wow yeah mom -- and you know. Santos settled it was a second season showdown for America and I ', "solution because that's smoke and. As on the on the  Clay Aiken  fans.  Clay Aiken  is not I mean. We have no homosexuals and I ran. No matter who convention. We have no  Clay Aiken  said. What that in you continue to insinuate that ", "solution because that's smoke and. As -- -- on the on the Clay Aiken fans. Clay Aiken is not I mean. We have no homosexuals and I ran. No matter who -- convention. We have no Clay Aiken said. What that in -- -- you continue to insinuate that we do Larry. -- they do nothing -- I thought I ", "and at that point the president of the that would never be any more reality TV on fox TV. Ever again. We missed Adam  Clay Aiken  here. That would place the bachelor he didn't know the concept would fly our natural may 25 fantastic women who were ", "more reality TV on fox TV. Ever again. We -- missed Adam Clay Aiken here. That would place -- the bachelor he didn't know -- the concept would fly our natural may 25 fantastic women who ", "the president of the Fox Network doubt there would never be any more reality TV on fox TV. Ever again. We missed Adam  Clay Aiken  here that would place debuted the bachelor He didn't know if the concept with line. Our only 25 fantastic women who ", "more reality TV on fox TV. Ever again. We -- missed Adam Clay Aiken here that would place debuted the bachelor He didn't know if the concept with line. Our -- only 25 fantastic women who ", "real name. Things are getting death threats and angry  Clay Aiken  stands on why would he is talking about certain things didn't have personally. you know look at someone like  Clay Aiken  he still has not said he is a lot of people will continue ", "website he's not real name. Things are getting death threats and angry Clay Aiken stands on why would he is talking about certain things that may have sent his man -- like -- -- did you ", "have -- -- personally. -- -- you know look at someone like Clay Aiken he still has not said he is -- a lot of people will continue to believe him I don't know. That's how ", "what I do. And not life is nobody's business period. Kids can game changer it's no accident that a once reluctant  Clay Aiken  came out of the closet cuddling his newborn. Booker called Nicole is drug users scrapes with the law. After this baby ", "period. Kids can game changer it's no accident that a once reluctant Clay Aiken came out of the closet cuddling his newborn. Booker called Nicole -- is drug users scrapes with the law. After this baby "]