['but at the expense of style. Lowe earned 21 points. Jacoby Jones: Jones, his partner, Karina Smirnoff, and pro  Cheryl Burke , performed a paso doble that drew a standing ovation, but Inaba thought Jones may have been too aggressive with his ', "'Dancing With the Stars' Season 16: Louis Van Amstel, Sabrina Bryan Blog on Week 5", "the night so far!!!! Great scores. DL Hughley and  Cheryl Burke 's Tango with Pros Sasha and Chelsie: Sabrina: Last Victor Ortiz and Lindsey Arnold: 21 D.L. Hughley and  Cheryl Burke : 18 Andy Dick and Sharna Burgess: 18 Pro Louis van ", 'comedian D.L. Hughley tonight was voted off ABC\'s "Dancing With the Stars." Hughley hugged his pro dance partner,  Cheryl Burke , when he learned his fate during the results show, and joked with judges Len Goodman and Bruno Tonioli, who had given ', 'points. DL Hughley: The comedian and his partner,  Cheryl Burke , danced a tango with pros Sasha Farber and Chelsie Victor Ortiz and Lindsey Arnold: 21 D.L. Hughley and  Cheryl Burke : 18 Andy Dick and Sharna Burgess: 18', "'Dancing With the Stars' Season 16: Louis Van Amstel on 'Best Year of Their Lives' Week", "given all eights. Len, you could have given an eight, too. Ingo's technique was very good. D.L. Hughley and  Cheryl Burke 's Foxtrot . It's such a shame D.L. came across so badly in the second week's video package because he's so ", 'and Karina Smirnoff: 24 Ingo Rademacher and Kym Johnson: 23 Andy Dick and Sharna Burgess: 21 D.L. Hughley and  Cheryl Burke : 21 Sean Lowe and Peta Murgatroyd: 20 Victor Ortiz and Lindsey Arnold: 18 Lisa Vanderpump and Gleb Savchenko: 18', "the same as Kellie's Jive? I'm sorry ... three sevens, yes, but no eights in my opinion. D.L. Hughley and  Cheryl Burke 's Salsa . Look, you can see D.L. is no dancer, but he's starting to get more involved in the movement. He's ", "'Dancing With the Stars' Prom Night: Kellie Pickler Leads in Week 3 of Season 16", 'and Lindsey Arnold: 23 Ingo Rademacher and Kym Johnson: 21 Lisa Vanderpump and Gleb Savchenko: 21 Sean Lowe and Peta Murgatroyd: 21 Andy Dick and Sharna Burgess: 18 D.L. Hughley and  Cheryl Burke : 16 Wynonna Judd and Tony Dovolani: 15', 'with Carrie Ann tonight. Honest, but positive feedback. They could have had a seven in there. D.L. Hughley and  Cheryl Burke \'s Quickstep: "DWTS" is "Hunger Games" in tights? Brilliant! Stop complaining D.L. You\'re losing time to ', '21. Total: 36 Victor Ortiz and Lindsey Arnold: 18; 18. Total: 36 Wynonna Judd and Tony Dovolani: 18; 18. Total: 36 Lisa Vanderpump and Gleb Savchenko: 18; 18. Total: 36 D.L. Hughley and  Cheryl Burke : 15; 12. Total: 27', 'two-hour premiere. Zendaya Coleman and her partner Val Chmerkovskiy are at the top of the leaderboard with 24 points after the first night of dancing while D.L. Hughley and his partner  Cheryl Burke  landed at the bottom with 12 points.', "'Dancing With the Stars' Season 16: Zendaya Coleman Tops Score Board in Season Opener", "D.L. Hughley: The comedian's cha cha cha cha with pro partner  Cheryl Burke  left the judges flat. They urged him to do better at his next performance Dovolani: 18 Andy Dick and Sharna Burgess: 17 D.L. Hughley and  Cheryl Burke : 12", 'placing second on season 13 with professional partner  Cheryl Burke . Barrett said that recent Super Bowl winner Jacoby L. Hughley, comedian and actor, and his partner,  Cheryl Burke . -- Jacoby Jones, Super Bowl-winning Baltimore ', 'smith, and his dance partner,  cheryl burke , won the third season of "dancing shoes. Reporter: Now, smith and  cheryl burke  are trying to go for gold one more let\'s welcome emmitt smith and  cheryl burke . Thanks for being with us. We\'re ', 'here. Pro football hall of famer, emmitt smith, and his dance partner, cheryl burke , won the third season of "dancing with the stars." Now, they are making a triumphant return for the all-star season. We\'re going ', 'he did get used to the high-heeled shoes. Reporter: Now, smith and cheryl burke are trying to go for gold one more time. And now, from "dancing with the stars," let\'s welcome emmitt smith and cheryl burke . Thanks for being with us. We\'re going to get you over the fear of spandex. Look what we got for you at ', "The dancing pro stops into 'GMA Live' to catch up with Sam Champion, Lara Spencer and Josh Elliott.", 'champ on Dancing With The Stars  Cheryl Burke  has shown off some incredible over since she with a little girl.  Cheryl Burke  joins us now welcome Cheryl thanks about watching you on the show  Cheryl Burke  thank you so much for joining us ', 'As a two time champ on Dancing With The Stars Cheryl Burke has shown off some incredible -- over the years. In her new book dancing lessons she revealed how dancing has been her lifeline since she with a little girl. Cheryl Burke joins us now welcome Cheryl thanks for having me thanks for being here you know I think a lot of fans are ', 'and we would love to keep about watching you on the show Cheryl Burke thank you so much for joining us and we wish you all the continued -- -- everything you down thank you so ', "judges who have been writing and just two time champion  Cheryl Burke . Judging her as saying she's getting too much weight someone else wants to talk to you about all this it is  Cheryl Burke  who is joining us from Los Angeles right now good morning ", "to the judges who have been writing and just two time champion Cheryl Burke . Judging her as saying she's getting too much weight. It landed her on the cover of the latest People Magazine and this ", 'someone else wants to talk to you about all this it is Cheryl Burke who is joining us from Los Angeles right now good morning Carol. Get whining how -- you did this take you by ', "It's been awhile since  Cheryl Burke  has been on the dance floor but don't worry in a few weeks we're going to find out who she will be partnered with on the next ", "It's been awhile since Cheryl Burke has been on the dance floor but don't worry in a few weeks we're going to find out who she will be ", 'Professional dancer, "Dancing Lessons" author discusses new edition of her book.']