["'Dancing With the Stars': Ingo Rademacher Goes Home in Week 9, Show Marks 300th Episode", 'celebrate the milestone, the program opened with a special dance number that featured popular "Dancing" pros including  Chelsie Hightower , Louis Van Amstel and Anna Trebunskaya. The show also featured live performances by British boy band, The Wanted ', "the quickstep with dance pros Tristan MacManus and  Chelsie Hightower . Judges had high praise for Lowe, saying he had Burke, danced a tango with pros Sasha Farber and  Chelsie Hightower . Inaba said Hughley didn't benefit from the comparison ", "Louis van Amstel's 5 Things to Watch in 'Dancing With the Stars' Season 16 Premiere", 'Welcome the three new pros with open arms and give them a chance to enter your heart s. While Anna Trebunskaya,  Chelsie Hightower  and I are disappointed not be dancing again this season on the show, we are far from bitter about the decision to ', 'competitors Joey Fatone and Kym Johnson replacing finalists Kelly Monaco and Val Chmerkovskiy and Helio Castroneves and  Chelsie Hightower  and Drew Lachey and Anna Trebunskaya taking the place of Shawn Johnson and Derek Hough and Melissa Rycroft and Tony ', "'Dancing With the Stars: All-Stars' Recap: In Week of Military Tributes, Trio Dances, Melissa Rycroft Reigns", 'but praise for the routine, telling Marini he had not hidden behind his pro partner Peta Murgatroyd or pro dancer  Chelsie Hightower . Marini earned 29 points. Emmitt Smith: The NFL legend and his partner, Cheryl Burke, were joined by pro dancer ', "all-star cast with their pro partners! Sabrina and I are so happy with our Disco, (Thank you Helio Castroneva and  Chelsie Hightower !) and we plan to go all out. Think back to the 70's, Studio 54, boas, sequences and lots of lifts. Also ", 'Anna Trebunskaya. Castroneves, a race car driver and the show\'s season 5 winner, thanked his pro partner,  Chelsie Hightower , and thanked the fans who voted for him. "I want to thank my family, Chelsie, and I want to thank America ', "'Dancing With the Stars: All-Stars' Week 3 Recap: Monaco, Rycroft Tied for Lead in Iconic Dance Week", 'high energy and style until he stepped on partner  Chelsie Hightower \'s dress and stumbled. "It was so good. You\'re Johnson and Derek Hough: 26.5 Helio Castroneves and  Chelsie Hightower : 25.5 Gilles Marini and Peta Murgatroyd: 25 ', 'Hough: 25 Apolo Ohno and Karina Smirnoff: 24.5 Melissa Rycroft and Tony Dovolani: 23.5 Helio Castroneves and  Chelsie Hightower : 23 Emmitt Smith and Cheryl Burke: 22.5 Drew Lachey and Anna Trebunskaya: 22.5 Joey Fatone and Kym Johnson ', 'Johnson: 20.5 Shawn Johnson and Derek Hough: 22 Sabrina Bryan and Louis van Amstel: 22.5 Helio Castroneves and  Chelsie Hightower : 21.5 Pamela Anderson and Tristan MacManus: 17 Melissa Rycroft and Tony Dovolani: 21 Apolo Ohno and Karina Smirnoff ', 'voted off the hit ABC show Tuesday night in a dramatic double elimination. Disney star Roshon Fegan and his partner  Chelsie Hightower  also got the boot. Fegan had received praised week after week from the judges for his performances but found himself ', "'Dancing With the Stars': Melissa Gilbert and Roshon Fegan Voted Off in Week 8 of Season 14", 'results show. He said he was happy to be able to add ballroom dancing skills to his repertoire. His pro partner,  Chelsie Hightower , said she was proud of him. "He was such a joy to work with and came every day willing to work and such a great ', 'season five "dancing with the stars" champ indy race car champ helio castroneves, along with two "dancing" pros,  chelsie hightower , who by the way flew all night long directly from the ballroom. I did. Can\'t wait to hear your perspective and ', 'champ indy race car champ helio castroneves, along with two "dancing" pros, chelsie hightower , who by the way flew all night long directly from the ballroom. I did. Can\'t wait to hear your perspective and our ', 'Rapper Romeo and partner  Chelsie Hightower  discuss being part of the final five.', 'The singer and partner  Chelsie Hightower  are voted off "Dancing With the Stars."', 'Jake Pavelka and partner  Chelsie Hightower  reflect on their dancing experience.', "former champion falls. Helio and chelsie. Drew lachey, and anna trebunskaya, along with helio castroneves and  chelsie hightower . This is like a finals. All of you are champions. Someone has to go home. Sorry it's so early. Yeah. It's ", "and chelsie. Drew lachey, and anna trebunskaya, along with helio castroneves and chelsie hightower . This is like a finals. All of you are champions. Someone has to go home. Sorry it's so early. Yeah. It's one "]