['Singer-guitarist Seth Avett of The Avett Brothers is 33. Actress  Yvonne Strahovski  (" Chuck ") is 31. July 31: Actor Don Murray is 84. Actor Singer Joe Elliott of Def Leppard is 54. Rapper  Chuck  D of Public Enemy is 53. Guitarist Suzi Gardner of ', 'Fringe Choice TV Show: Action  Chuck  CSI: Miami Hawaii Five-O NCIS Daniel Dae Kim, Hawaii Five-O  Zachary Levi ,  Chuck  Adam Rodriguez, CSI: Miami Hawaii Five-O Maggie Q, Nikita  Yvonne Strahovski ,  Chuck  Choice TV Show: Comedy 2 Broke ', 'Girl" was created by  Josh Schwartz  and Stephanie Savage reviewers agreed was "very  Josh Schwartz , very O.C.," plays When metrosexual cad  Chuck  (Ed Westwick) forces There\'s a little bit of  Chuck  in every guy," said ', 'Theory", CBS Lee Pace, "Pushing Daisies", ABC  Zachary Levi , " Chuck ", NBC David Duchovny, "Californication", Showtime he could do comedy in "Less Than Perfect"; with  Chuck , he shows he has enough goofy good-guy charm to carry ', 'air in April and May in addition to the two finished installments scheduled to air tonight and next week."  Chuck  Creator  Josh Schwartz  said that the season is done and the show will relaunch in September, USA Today reported Feb. 12. Cold Case ', 'no laughing matter. Q:Is that  Yvonne Strahovski  from the new NBC show  Chuck  playing "Eve" in the silly costume landed the role of Sarah Walker in  Chuck  right after moving to Los Angeles ', 'drama in its East Coast counterpart.  Josh Schwartz , creator of "The O.C.," is other\'s boyfriends. As for the boys,  Chuck  Bass (Ed Westwick) and Nate Archibald sappy. In the pot smoking scene,  Chuck  and Nate\'s topic of conversation ', "Phillips on the story line. Well  chuck  it is. Regular guy who works in the gotten into the spy world and it unlike  chuck  who's dragged in the captain wants Much like captain awesome. Yes it is  chuck  operation Austin is coming up this ", "that familiar with the series Phillips -- on the story line. Well chuck it is. Regular guy who works in the Byron Morton is also spy in the secret life. I'm his brother in law ", "last episode I just gotten into the spy world and it unlike chuck who's dragged in the -- -- captain -- wants to take it on head first from. And thinks He can accomplish any ", "that I thought it was. Much like captain awesome. Yes it is chuck -- operation Austin is coming up this Monday and he's basically got to try and save my life sort of explosive device ", "which a moment family. And between  chuck  and Sarah that we've finally figured Let's just the good stories and  Josh Schwartz  came up with a great show and they've time went to to tackle John DC.  Adam Baldwin . Yeah I'm in shape but I'm ", "show of an action comedy which -- a moment family. And between chuck and Sarah that we've finally figured out the formula and we're just gonna have a good time and and just bring a lot of funny -- a lot of action and have a great time and hopefully. Your morals and audience didn't want to drive. Well speaking the audience in your strength is that you've got have been extremely devoted fan -- is what do you think draws people to get them invested in the -- Let's just the good stories -- -- -- -- and Josh Schwartz came up with a great show and they've surround themselves with fantastic writers. And usually get really investors and our characters that ", "competition from another looking into the youth market  Josh Schwartz  the man behind Gossip Girl has been tapped to write and direct. And you accidentally. Is the world ready for  Chuck  bass king for talking it. Probably mutant. Let's all ", "might see some competition from another -- looking into the youth market Josh Schwartz the man behind Gossip Girl has been tapped to write and possibly direct. And you accidentally. Is the world ready for -- Chuck bass -- king -- for talking it. Probably mutant. Let's all hope we get to find out from our news on your "]