["Classes haven't even started at Ohio State, and already there's a big test.Almost every year, early in the season, the Buckeyes put their season on the line against ...", "The Justice Department's antitrust division will meet with the BCS this summer, following up on concerns the department raised with the NCAA about college football's...", "Relax, people. Notre Dame isn't going anywhere.The fact that the Irish are even talking about it, though, likely means somebody else will, maybe sooner than you thin...", 'The executive director of the Bowl Championship Series is confident the BCS could boot the Fiesta Bowl out of the system college football uses to crown a champion be...', "Wall Street Journal Sports Reporter Matthew Futterman and Sunny Hostin of Kroll's Business Intelligence on the future of the  BCS  system in college football.", 'Mark Cuban acknowledges any attempt to fund a college football playoff would be a "long and difficult and expensive process," but he\'s committed to examining the ide...', 'Rose Bowl champion TCU is coming off the mountain after this season.Before going to the Big East, 14th-ranked TCU will try to win a third consecutive Mountain West c...', 'Now some fresh pickings from the Political Grapevine:Death and TaxesThe taxman cometh, but maybe not in 2010 for some wealthy Americans. The estate tax is due to exp...', 'Now Orange Bowl-bound, new Northern Illinois coach Rod Carey gets a tiny bit of sleep', 'Northern Illinois coach Rod Carey got some sleep on Wednesday, his third full day on the job of leading the Huskies.On a plane. For an hour."Felt awesome, by the way...', "Baylor came into this weekend against No. 2 Kansas State ranked last in the country in defense. The Bears exited Saturday's game with one of the biggest upsets of th...", 'Marcus Mariota tied a school record by throwing six touchdown passes, and second-ranked Oregon rolled in the second half to beat California, 59-17, with an eye at po...', "Louisiana Tech, with a 9-3 record and the highest scoring team in the country, isn't going to a bowl game.La Tech athletic director Bruce Van De Velde told The Assoc...", 'Leahy, Parseghian, Devine, Holtz won titles in 3rd year at Notre Dame, can Kelly join them?', "The old saying goes that the third time's the charm. At Notre Dame, historically the third time's been the national championship. Or else.Frank Leahy, Ara Parseghian...", 'The bad stuff is easy. You read about it almost every day; hear it discussed endlessly by the talking heads on radio and television.But if sports is a microcosm of s...', 'As college football revenue skyrockets, debate over money for players changes from if to how', 'Big East commissioner says support for adding 7th bowl to playoff rotation has not waned', "Big East Commissioner Mike Aresco says support for adding a bowl game to college football's new postseason system has not waned.Earlier this week, ESPN.com reported ...", 'Softening the schedule: Minnesota pays $800K to cancel 2013, 2014 games vs. North Carolina', "Minnesota coach Jerry Kill's plan for strengthening his long-lagging program is to keep the nonconference schedules as nonthreatening as possible.The university conf..."]