['Behind the scenes at the stop-motion studio that brings Christmas magic to a beloved character.', "to the study children shows like  sponge Bob square pants  could be having some negative effects of this right out of the gates  sponge Bob square pants  possibly being bad for our kids No Nickelodeon the makers of  sponge Bob square pants  that defended the cartoon and they're ", "to take on that battle. According to the study children shows like sponge Bob square pants could be having some negative effects. On your child's attention span and problem solving abilities so here explain these findings as doctor Karen Latimer felling doctor and author of wellness -- Yes five dot net doctor thanks for being with us today. Okay so explain a little bit about the study -- because first time we hear of this right out of the gates sponge Bob square pants possibly being bad for our kids raises obviously a lot of attention. Right because -- so many kids are watching I think ", "they're getting missiles information write for boat. No Nickelodeon the makers of sponge Bob square pants that defended the cartoon -- and they're putting up some of the facts in this study entertainment again that He had mentioned ", 'when He held up a 7-Eleven near Orlando in the middle of the night. But his accomplice was sporting a bright yellow  sponge Bob square pants  math they managed to get away with the entire door pulled money police say the man. Fired shots in the store but no ', 'middle of the night. But his accomplice was sporting a bright yellow sponge Bob square pants math -- they managed to get away with the entire door pulled money police say the man. Fired shots in the store ', 'private life? I wash cartoons even when my kids are at school. Reporter: Really. What\'s your favorite? Right now " sponge bob square pants ." Reporter: He won his first nba championship last year. When he\'s not playing, the father of two tells us he ', 'my kids are at school. Reporter: Really. What\'s your favorite? Right now " sponge bob square pants ." Reporter: He won his first nba championship last year. When he\'s not playing, the father of two tells us he cherishes his ', 'Part right no. Which brings us to today which is on things opposites day. Probably endless ways to celebrate this day  sponge Bob square pants  even a whole episode and it. So whatever way you choose to confuse people enjoy it. I do to an enemies list would you ', '-- -- -- -- -- Probably endless ways to celebrate this day sponge Bob square pants even -- a whole episode and it. So whatever way you choose to confuse people enjoy it. -- I do to an ', "of course notice. My name skin. And my teeth. So some names that they would call you learn like Patrick Starr from  sponge Bob square pants  because. He had only to keep it made me feel terrible because. I wanted to be like all the other kids I didn't want ", 'names that they would call -- you learn like Patrick Starr from sponge Bob square pants because. He had only to keep -- -- it made me feel terrible because. I wanted to be like all the other ', "Sponge Bob square pants  the wildly popular Nickelodeon cartoon Well it turns out a Virginia psychologist and Julian Miller. She says the show  sponge Bob square pants  may be harming America's preschoolers. study found that ", 'Sponge Bob square pants the wildly popular Nickelodeon cartoon -- Well it turns out a new study by child psychologists suggest that cheerful can do little ', "nemesis. University of Virginia psychologist and Julian Miller. She says the show sponge Bob square pants may be harming America's preschoolers. -- study found that after nine minutes of sponge Bob. Kids couldn't content to -- clearly. We're ", 'but tonight He is the center of a cartoon controversy.  Sponge Bob square pants  seems like a harmless distraction but a new study in under the seat one of the most popular shows ever. But  sponge Bob square pants  is only meant for kids over six now researchers say it ', "the -- but tonight He is the center of a cartoon controversy. Sponge Bob square pants seems like a harmless distraction but a new study in the journal pediatrics. Is raising questions about the effect on very young minds. ABC's Neal Karlinsky has this story. He lives in a pineapple under the seat -- one of the most popular shows ever. But sponge Bob square pants is only meant for kids over six -- now researchers say it might actually be hurting -- We -- -- that at ", "some reason there's something there's something fun about watching someone else being It's very relatable and all the success of a  sponge Bob square pants . Well thank you I appreciate it very much thanks so much for talking with us today", "-- It's very relatable -- and -- all the success of a sponge Bob square pants . Well thank you I appreciate it very much thanks so much for talking with us today -- ", 'voices I just put. That brings  sponge Bob square pants  and his gang of bikini bottom and in a pineapple under the seat.  Sponge Bob square pants  and kids love them I know because Stephen banks as the shows head  Sponge Bob .  Square pants  is about a sponge who lives under ', 'the scenes with the brains and voices I just put. That brings sponge Bob square pants and his gang of bikini bottom and -- life. And pop right. -- The king of -- hair apparent people millions to ', 'Pierre Thomas you know -- lives in a pineapple under the seat. Sponge Bob square pants and kids love them -- -- I know because. My daughter -- is among his millions of fans as them either -- ', "We're gonna two -- leaders. Stephen banks as the shows head -- Sponge Bob . Square pants is about a sponge who lives under the sea in a pineapple He works at the press Democrat -- value -- I ", 'lives in a pineapple under the seat.  Sponge Bob square pants  and kids love them I know because. My daughter gonna leaders. Stephen banks as the shows head  Sponge Bob .  Square pants  is about a sponge who lives under the sea in ', '-- -- lives in a pineapple under the seat. Sponge Bob square pants and kids love them -- -- I know because. My daughter Madeleine is among his millions of fans -- them either -- ', '-- -- -- leaders. Stephen banks as the shows head -- -- Sponge Bob . Square pants is about a sponge who lives under the sea in -- pineapple He works at the trustee -- links value added. Atlantic ', "Forest Service officials. In Colorado's pike national forest someone spray painted an old chimney into an image of  sponge Bob square pants . The is what's left over from the home of the manager of the historical nursery. Dating back to the early nineteen ", "national forest someone spray painted an old chimney into an image of sponge Bob square pants . The -- is what's left over from the home of the manager of the historical nursery. Dating back to the early nineteen ", 'rubberized grip and able to take a beating. Nickelodeon teamed up on the cameras and have models with Dora the Explorer and  sponge Bob square pants . The cameras can store pictures and have special editing software they cost from about forty to eighty dollars. Kids ', 'up on the cameras and have models with Dora the Explorer and sponge Bob square pants . The cameras can store pictures and have special editing software they cost from about forty to eighty dollars. Kids seem to be ', 'again. And now, little ethan appears to be back to normal. As we said, he\'s been watching one of his favorite programs, " spongebob squarepants ." Gio, thank you very much. We have the latest on the shocking death of legendary', 'normal. As we said, he\'s been watching one of his favorite programs, " spongebob squarepants ." Gio, thank you very much. We have the latest on the shocking death of legendary ']