['ABC and Clear Channel Media and Entertainment Join the Power of TV and Radio in New Multi-Faceted Partnership', 'as well as for national syndication. ABC Studios\' current hits include "Army Wives" (Lifetime), "Castle," " Cougar Town " (TBS), "Criminal Minds" (CBS), "Grey\'s Anatomy," "Nashville," "Once Upon a Time," "Perception ', 'busyphilipps25/Twitter It\'s a girl, again, for " Cougar Town " star Busy Philipps . The actress, already a mom to second daughter on July 2. WATCH Busy Philipps Dish on \' Cougar Town \' "So this happened ..." Philipps, 34, tweeted ', 'four-year-old daughter is getting a sister. The " Cougar Town " star, who is expecting her second child with husband now, Phillips said. WATCH: Busy Phillips Dish on \' Cougar Town \' "She\'s actually incredibly helpful and she\'s 4 ', 'Scrubs," she has made appearances on "How I Met Your Mother" and " Cougar Town ," which is produced by former "Scrubs" executive producer Bill Lawrence played a recurring role as Courteney Cox\'s father on the ABC sitcom " Cougar Town ."', 'Chicks" and "He\'s Just Not That Into You." Currently, she plays Courteney Cox\'s assistant on the ABC sitcom " Cougar Town ." Phillips, 33, has stayed close with Williams, who made her Matilda\'s godmother. She attended this year\'s ', 'to David Arquette in 1999. Then we noticed that she\'d dropped the "Arquette" in the promotional lead-up to " Cougar Town ." Was it a prelude to their separation? Surprise! Did you know that Demi Moore actually did change her last name to ', 'Chicks" and "He\'s Just Not That Into You." Currently, she plays Courteney Cox\'s assistant on the ABC sitcom " Cougar Town ." Phillips, 33, has stayed close with Williams, who made her Matilda\'s godmother. She attended this year\'s ', 'starred in "Wanderlust," will sit at the ABC table for the second year in a row. Christa Miller and Bill Lawrence of " Cougar Town " will round out the celebrity circle. ABC has invited New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie , who is on the short list of ', 'stared in "Wanderlust," will sit at the ABC table for the second year in a row. Christa Miller and Bill Lawrence of " Cougar Town " will round out the celebrity circle. ABC has also invited New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie , who is on the short list ', 'Celebrities of all kinds tweeted about the launch, from Jessica Simpson to actress Busy Phillips, who plays Laura in ABC\'s  Cougar Town . "Got the bike," Phillips tweeted. "Not the colorful one but still SO EXCITED." So, suddenly, are some retailers ', 'Productions, in 2003 with his estranged wife Courteney Cox, where he produced hits such as "Dirt" and ABC\'s " Cougar Town ," and more. Marc Kallweit Ron Artest NBA champion Ron Artest is currently the forward on the Los Angeles Lakers basketball ', 'worthy of nominations," said Mitovich. "Namely, \'Community\'s\' Alison Brie, Gillian Jacobs and Danny Pudi, \' Cougar Town \'s\' Busy Philipps and Christa Miller, and \'Parks and Recreation\'s\' Adam Scott and Aubrey Plaza." Steve Carell ', 'reporter Gale Weathers in "Scream 4" (as she did in "Scream 2" and "Scream 3") she stars in the ABC comedy " Cougar Town ," and formerly co-executive produced and starred in the FX series "Dirt." "Scream 4" puts Cox back on screen ', 'We are so excited to have busy here with us this morning  cougar town  fans know her as Laurie and we want to offer a toast her in honor of the Fourth season premiering tomorrow on TBS and we should ', 'are so excited to have busy -- here with us this morning cougar town fans know her as Laurie and we want to offer a toast her in honor of the -- Fourth season premiering tomorrow ', "And now a sneak from ABC's new Wednesday comedy.  Cougar town . And at night. And here we go. They won't Wear sun And we're of the just It's good little. Welcome to  cougar town . Series premiere Wednesday September 23 93830 central ", "And now a sneak -- from ABC's new Wednesday comedy. Cougar town . And at night. And here we go. They won't Wear sun. Or. I don't wanna be apart at judging that point it's ", "of the -- just -- It's good little. -- -- Welcome to cougar town . Series premiere Wednesday September 23 93830 central part of ABC comedy Wednesday on ABC. ", "ABC's  cougar town  stars Courteney Cox has fueled a forties facing the often hilarious challenges of navigating life after her divorce. She has the ", "ABC's cougar town stars Courteney Cox has fueled a -- forties facing the often hilarious challenges of navigating life after her divorce. She has the ", "that and to to be with Courtney. Now on the finale of  cougar town  this sounds a lot of talking about them from this handsome work together and here you are the season finale of a  cougar town  and here it's just an example of how what's the ", '-- to -- to be with Courtney. Now on the finale of cougar town this sounds -- a lot of talking about them from this handsome and you look at I do island low bid -- ', "work together and here you are -- the season finale of a cougar town and here it's just an example of how what's the. I know cocoa has a lot to do with -- reason why ", "Very cool all the winners leading up contest. Now comment how how Nicole Sullivan you know she plays therapists. On  cougar town  has plays out couples there. she says that when she. Had her children she was so obsessed with losing she's looking ", "comment how how Nicole Sullivan you know she plays -- therapists. On cougar town has plays out couples there. -- she says that when she. Had her children she was so obsessed with losing -- she's ", 'The " Cougar Town " star returns to her horror roots in Wes Craven\'s "Scream 4."', 'whom. Perfect every time now for a GMA it will superstar busy Phillips by this morning she plays Lori on the hit show  cougar town . And we played a little with her called so busy so not busy excellent. Really makes decorate cakes like does on the ', 'Phillips -- by this morning she plays Lori on the hit show cougar town . And we played a little -- with her called so busy so not busy excellent. Really makes -- decorate cakes like -- ']