['plus Jessica Sanchez, Joshua Ledet, Hollie Cavanagh,  Skylar Laine , Elise Testone, Colton Dixon, Erika Van Pelt, Heejun people that have given us this chance, pretty much."  Skylar Laine  agreed, saying, "I have the best fans out there ', 'Arnold, Steve Austin, Indy 500 winner Dario Franchitti, Jordin Sparks and American Idol finalists Colton Dixon and  Skylar Laine  round out the presenters list. The 2012 CMT Music Awards broadcast live on CMT and CMT.com tonight at 8 ET.', 'Where Have You Been." It was a high-production number with dancers and lasers accentuating Rihanna\'s latest hit.  Skylar Laine  teamed up with country icon Reba McEntire for a collaboration on her no. 1 hit, "Turn Up the Radio." Hollie Cavanagh ', 'Phillip Phillips is the new "American Idol." After a record 132 million votes cast, Phillips was crowned season 11\'s newest winner during Wednesday\'s finale. USA Today writer and critic Brian Mansfield, who predicted "the road to the finale goes through Phillip Phillips; Phillip is the guy to', 'songs were performed this season - will duet with Phillip Phillips, while country icon Reba McEntire will sing with  Skylar Laine . Joshua Ledet will perform with former "Idol" champ Fantasia , creating the long-awaited "Mantasia" mash-up ', 'Phillips, Hollie Cavanagh and Jessica Sanchez - compete to get one step closer to the season 11 crown, and according to  Skylar Laine , who was voted off last week, any of the four could win the title. The remaining finalists will sing songs by California ', 'Nino Munoz/FOX  Skylar Laine  got the boot on "American Idol" Thursday night. After nearly 60 million votes, the 18-year-old Mississippi native did not ', 'is down to four finalists after  Skylar Laine  was booted in this week\'s elimination the one to beat." The Spoiler:  Skylar Laine  When she made the Top 13, Iovine declared 18-year-old  Skylar Laine  from Brandon, Miss., "the country ', 'note, host Ryan Seacrest pointed out that Phillip\'s girlfriend was in the audience though her name wasn\'t given.  Skylar Laine  tapped into her rebellious side for Creedence Clearwater Revival\'s "Fortunate Son," and really worked the stage ', 'American Idol" Thursday night and sang Led Zeppelin\'s "Whole Lotta Love" as her farewell song. Hollie Cavanagh and  Skylar Laine  were in the bottom three with Testone, but they\'ll be back next Wednesday to compete in the top five. Some 58 million ', 'steady, with the exception of  Skylar Laine , who, he said, "looks a little the one to beat." The Spoiler:  Skylar Laine  When she made the Top 13, Iovine declared 18-year-old  Skylar Laine  from Brandon, Miss., "the country ', 'showed vocal versatility on this one. Randy encouraged Jessica to study Tina Turner to work up her rock and roll chops.  Skylar Laine  delivered the dramatic Queen hit "The Show Must Go On" from 1991. It was out of her comfort zone, but Skylar managed ', 'the bottom three last week, to safety, while Hollie got another trip to the silver stools of doom. Then, he sent  Skylar Laine  to safety, while Elise once again landed in the bottom three. When Ryan asked Elise if she felt the judges were harder ']