['PlayStation 4 console for the first time. " South Park " creators  Trey Parker  and  Matt Stone  will chat about their game, " South Park : The Stick of Truth," at a panel. Despite ', 'That game was " South Park : The Stick of Truth sequel, the latest  South Park  game managed to a game at all.  South Park \'s creators,  Matt Stone  and  Trey Parker , took to the stage in an episode of  South Park ." Footage from ', 'whom were familiar with the despot from the 2004 cartoon parody movie "Team America: World Police," by the makers of  South Park . The term "Team America" shot to the top of the Twitter trends list, joining the terms "North Korea" and "Kim Jong ', 'evil" by the Bush administration. He gained fame in popular culture, however, as the villain in " South Park " creators  Trey Parker  and  Matt Stone \'s marionette action-satire "Team America: World Police." Voiced by Parker, Kim\'s character ', 'currently one of the hottest musicals on Broadway. The critically acclaimed musical, created by  Trey Parker  and  Matt Stone , of the raunchy " South Park " cartoon fame, is wildly popular with sold-out shows and has already won nine Tony Awards ', 'written by the creators of " South Park ," is the show that just keeps down with "Mormon" producers  Matt Stone  and  Trey Parker  in March before the show opened with its smash-hit cartoon, " South Park ," on Comedy Central, the duo ', 'its creators,  Matt Stone  and  Trey Parker  , insisted that Mormons smash-hit cartoon, " South Park ," on Comedy Central wasn\'t going to work.  Trey Parker  and  Matt Stone  on Writing Musicals cartoon characters of " South Park ," some of which ', 'South Park  Creators Invade Broadway, Promise Free Tix to "The Book of Mormon" to Huntsman and Romney', 'As a change of pace, I interviewed  Matt Stone  and  Trey Parker , the creators of  South Park , about their new Broadway Show "The Book of Mormon." Here\'s a Nightline spot from the last time I spoke with them, in 2006! - Jake Tapper', 'threatened the creators of " South Park " after the show mocked the Prophet the controversial April 2010 " South Park " episode aired insulting the threatening the show\'s creators,  Trey Parker  and  Matt Stone . "What they are doing is stupid ', 'instituted in \'72, when  Isaac Hayes  made the Dorothy Chandler Blame Canada," from " South Park : Bigger, Longer & Uncut skewered on an episode of " South Park ." Don\'t mess with  Trey Parker  and  Matt Stone ! WATCH: Robin Williams perform ', 'roulette." 4. The  South Park  App If anyone\'s censorship, it\'s " South Park " creators  Trey Parker  and  Matt Stone . The same guys who episode clips, read  South Park  news, and grab wallpaper and other  South Park -related downloadables ', 'the creators of  South Park  brought their musical Tapper is back big  South Park  and behind the scenes the creators of  South Park  have gone from skewering For fifteen years  Trey Parker Matt Stone  and the kids from  South Park  Colorado have been ', 'hardest tickets to get in your hands right now the creators of South Park brought their musical the book of Mormon. To Broadway so what audiences expect with Jake Tapper is back -- big South Park and -- behind the scenes what you think. Well the creators of South Park have gone from skewering religion politics and culture on Comedy Central. To now doing so on old Broadway. For fifteen years Trey Parker Matt Stone and the -- kids from South Park Colorado have been amusing and defending America. -- people are evil. Evil right down to their coal black car for seven of those years the two have been working on a show that will take their skewed views to a different audience fans of musical theater. Next week of the book of Mormon opens poking fun at the church of Jesus Christ of latter day saints. -- should -- South Park has. Made fun of every religion wind -- go after mormons we grew up in Colorado so mormonism and mormons -- that ', "Mohammed. The over the  South Park  action and how about and quit and quick.  South Park  cartoon like don't showing him. And  Trey Parker  and the other guy  Matt Stone  from south or point wherever it is that  South Park . A function of our ", "in -- -- all these different configurations showing without showing him. And Trey Parker and the other guy Matt Stone from south or point of getting a veiled death threat worthless and -- apparently didn't work today. How do we look at ", "controversy from  South Park  long running Harris reports  South Park  spoof of the show's creators  Trey Parker  and  Matt Stone  was have mercilessly we've been doing  South Park  we have never the episode.  South Park  is all about ", "Now to a new controversy from South Park long running cartoon series on Comedy Central. Shows managed to offend just about every group you can think of -- -- jokes now -- spark something more serious. As Dan Harris reports South Park spoof of the Prophet Mohammed is drawing death threats. So far the satirical cartoon hugely popular with young people is known for being deliberately. -- offensive. -- featured Jesus fighting Santa Claus Kagan on Jews and mormons and Scientologist. To. You name a sacred cow and the show's creators Trey Parker and Matt Stone was have -- -- mercilessly I think we've stood behind for ten years -- it's gotta all be okay -- -- But ", "created co created by  Trey Parker  and  Matt Stone  the guys who gave these  South Park  the guys who gave that can't help.  Matt Stone  and  Trey Parker  into the show great no you guys from  South Park  scored the movies ", "not and why is it not. Because it's created co created by Trey Parker and Matt Stone the guys who gave these South Park the guys who gave -- team America. The guys who have given you the most outrageous fun you can have in the ", "the potty duo behind  south park  at least they used to be. Now  Trey Parker  and  Matt Stone  somehow managed to Didn't they were the  South Park  guys  Matt Stone  and  Trey Parker  Robert commands a lot ", "Other best known as the potty -- duo behind south park at least they used to be. Now Trey Parker and Matt Stone somehow managed to turn a musical send up of Mormon is a mobile things into one of the biggest hits the bloom on Broadway. In the last decade here's ABC's Jake Tapper for our series it was a good year old. Didn't they were the South Park guys Matt Stone and Trey Parker Robert commands a lot more fun movie from. At the march premiere of the book of Mormon people I think at the ", 'could not back with that base.  Isaac Hayes  won an Oscar for the theme song comedic turn. As the voice of chef on  South Park  but. Juror but for comedian Bernie pneumonia He was only fifty years old  Isaac Hayes . With 65 the cause of his death ', 'wounded in the another who could not -- back with that base. Isaac Hayes won an Oscar for the theme song from shaft. Even performed on GMA. Later He too -- comedic turn. As the voice of chef on South Park but. Juror but for comedian Bernie Mac it was always about -- the kid from south side Chicago made it big on ', "died after a bout with pneumonia He was only fifty years old Isaac Hayes . With 65 the cause of his death not yet known. Flash be the first to know what's coming up on Good Morning ", 'Isaac Hayes  wants out of his " South Park " contract over Scientology concerns.']