['Josh Radnor ("How I Met Your Mother") is 39. Musician Danger Mouse of Gnarls Barkley is 36. Actress Allison Mack (" Smallville ") is 31. July 30: Actor Edd "Kookie" Byrnes is 80. Blues guitarist Buddy Guy is 77. Movie director Peter Bogdanovich ', 'sang during Season 1. \'Can\'t Fight This Feeling\' After appearing on television shows like "Stargate Atlantis" and " Smallville ," Monteith landed his role as Finn with the help of an audition tape on which he sang REO Speedwagon\'s 1985 hit, "Can\'t ', 'recurring part on the teen sci-fi show "Kyle XY." He also made guest appearances on several other tv shows including " Smallville ," "Stargate" and "Interns." Monteith was born in Calgary, Alberta, Canada and later moved to Vancouver Island, according ', 'to build a fabulous world of fashion, friends and fun! Age: 4+ MSRP: $39.99 LEGO Super Heroes Superman: Battle of  Smallville  (Lego) This set is a LEGO recreation tied to the new "Man of Steel" film. It\'s great for kids and adults looking to ', 'graduated from Columbia University in 2010. He has had guest-starring roles on "Veronica Mars," "8 Simple Rules" and " Smallville ," but he hasn\'t had any major roles since 2005. He came out of the shadows in 2011 for a "Home Improvement" reunion ', 'Jackson\'s "Thriller." Cereal: Crunch Berries or Frosted Mini-Wheats. Restaurant: T.G.I. Friday\'s. TV Shows: " Smallville " and "Friends." Celebrity crush, besides Gomez, who was undeniably his girlfriend when the interview was shot, "Beyonce ', "Dopey, Grumpy, Sneezey, Happy, Bashful, and Doc. Kristen Kreuk in Snow White: The Fairest of Them All (2001) Starring  Smallville 's Kristen Kreuk (Lana Lang), Snow White is born into a peasant family (in every other version she is a princess ", 'Ourselves" 8. Two and a Half Men - "Nice to Meet You, Walden Schmidt" 9. Victorious - "Ice Cream for Ke$ha" 10.  Smallville  - "Finale, Pts. 1&2? Best Half-Hour: Modern Family Best Drama: Breaking Bad Best Discovery: Downton Abbey Best ', 'to be a stereotype is what drew me to the character." But "FNL" wasn\'t Adrianne\'s first role. After bit parts on " Smallville " and "North Shore," she played Jessica Moore on "Supernatural" -- the doomed girlfriend of Jared Padelicki (who ', 'Networks, with new-release movie titles including "Twilight" and "Frost/Nixon" and TV shows such as "The Tudors" and " Smallville ." Customers can use Panasonic VIERA CAST-enabled HDTVs, the Roku digital video player, certain types of TiVo and the ', 'hard to miss during fall TV premieres, with ads to air on shows including Survivor on CBS, Family Guy on Fox and CW\'s  Smallville . The webcampaign starts the first week of October at hotjuicyburger.com. Visitors can upload images and record a "hot and juicy ', 'follows contestants competing for a job at Elle magazine. Returning shows include: "Gossip Girl," "One Tree Hill," " Smallville ," "America\'s Next Top Model," "Supernatural," "Reaper," "Everybody Hates Chris" and "The Game." Canceled ', 'Superman. Plus commercials leader Christopher Reeve played him and then it was TV again with super boy and Lois and Clark and  Smallville . And through these takes on Superman where he evolved and loved and lost and even once died. Something was constant and ', 'it was TV again with super boy and Lois and Clark and Smallville . And through these -- takes on Superman where he evolved and loved and lost and even once died. Something was constant and ', "short afternoon now belong to sleep hours more away from the office and longer more free and vacations. Boost productivity  Smallville  I don't shift. And help. We get a memo until of the more relaxed more productive you want to go to. W value then yeah ", "away from the office and longer more free and vacations. Boost productivity Smallville I don't -- shift. And help. We get a memo until -- of the more relaxed more productive you want to go ", "mouse. And this is for fun Well and I'm make a big buck out of books have been in some like scary movie three catwoman in  Smallville  and even changed the son's middle name to crash. Sent. Funny thing about video is that He noticed none of them live ", "of books have been in some like scary movie three catwoman in Smallville and even changed the son's middle name to crash. Sent. Funny thing about video is that He noticed none of them live. "]