['Daryl Hannah and 7 Other Celebs Arrested While Crusading for a Cause, 2 With Close Calls', 'York City in September 2011, but was not arrested.  Lucy Lawless Lucy Lawless  lived up to her name when she was arrested on Feb Princess," and recently starred in the Starz series, " Spartacus ." All were charged with burglary. Lawless is due ', 'WARRIOR PRINCESS PLEADS GUILTY IN NEW ZEALAND Actress  Lucy Lawless  pleaded guilty to trespassing charges after she took part Princess and recently starred in the Starz channel series  Spartacus . FALKLAND ANNIVERSARY The Falkland Islands are marking ', 'September in New York City, but was not arrested.  Lucy Lawless Lucy Lawless  lived up to her name when she was arrested on Feb Princess," and recently starred in the Starz series " Spartacus ." All were charged with burglary and are due to ', 'adventure series  Spartacus blood and sand . The highly Zealand. Stars  Andy Whitfield  at the gladiator warrior hero  Spartacus . And  Lucy Lawless  best known So you play  Spartacus . light plane upcoming series  Spartacus blood and sand  airs Friday ', "We turn out -- the new action adventure series Spartacus blood and sand . The highly anticipated series shot on location in New Zealand. Stars Andy Whitfield at the gladiator warrior hero Spartacus . And Lucy Lawless best known for her role in Xena warrior princess and -- -- thanks so much for joining us today I'm fantastic to have you both here. So you play Spartacus . -- light plane Saatchi. Monumental big here. It's kind of a little bit intimidating but you know a great -- -- again ", "much for joining us today congratulations you've thank you rate upcoming series Spartacus blood and sand airs Friday at 10 PM eastern on stars don't miss that. But all of -- we have created -- -- ribeiro in ", "of a promising young star actor  Andy Whitfield  died Sunday from non hodgkin's starred in the hit cable series  Spartacus  blood and San that role brought worsened stars recast that roll  Andy Whitfield  only 39 years", "Hollywood is mourning the loss of a promising young star actor Andy Whitfield died Sunday from non hodgkin's lymphoma. The Australian native starred in the hit cable series Spartacus blood and San that role brought Whitfield major attention as. He was preparing to do a second season when He was diagnosed with cancer. But as with this condition worsened stars recast that roll Andy Whitfield only 39 years -- ", "Spartacus  star  Lucy Lawless  is against Arctic oil drilling and he's willing to go to jail for leaving port. Lawless who visited what's the buzz recently to promote  Spartacus  said she felt compelled to take a stand against drilling for oil in ", "Spartacus star Lucy Lawless is against Arctic oil drilling and he's willing to go to jail for the -- Lawless and five other Greenpeace protesters were arrested Monday in New Zealand. They'd been perched atop a 174. Foot drilling power since Friday trying to keep the ship from leaving port. Lawless who visited what's the buzz recently to promote Spartacus said she felt compelled to take a stand against drilling for oil in the Arctic. ", "and sandals series  Spartacus  returns new season of drama  Spartacus  vengeance debuts on have the stars of  Spartacus  here with that's  Lucy Lawless  and William McEntire with us today. And  Spartacus  vengeance premieres ", "-- -- -- And we're so happy to have the stars of Spartacus here with that's Lucy Lawless and William McEntire. We've -- -- thank you so much for being there lucky to be -- -- you've been with the "]