['The Bowl Championship Series has chosen dates for its five bowl games in an effort to avoid conflicts that could arise because of the NFL lockout, with flexibility t...', "Column: What's in a name? Cartel formerly known as BCS  becomes 'College Football Playoff'", 'The cartel formerly known as the Bowl Championship Series has changed its name.Because nothing says college football playoff better than, well, College Football Play...', "Alabama's convincing victory in the BCS championship wasn't enough to convince all 60 Associated Press college football poll voters that the Crimson Tide is No. 1.Fo...", "Now that the NCAA has denied Southern California's appeal to reduce sanctions imposed on its football program, Bowl Championship Series officials will consider wheth...", 'The NCAA won\'t be changing its Football Championship Subdivision moniker.Just don\'t call it the Football Championship Subdivision.It\'s FCS."Nobody called the BCS the...', 'The NCAA won\'t be changing its Football Championship Subdivision moniker.Just don\'t call it the Football Championship Subdivision.It\'s FCS."Nobody called the BCS the...', 'Breaking down the AP college football poll after Week 13 of the regular season.___MAKING A STATEMENTNotre Dame is No. 1 in The Associated Press Top 25 with nothing l...', 'Landry Jones threw six touchdown passes, including a 5-yarder to Kenny Stills with 24 seconds left, to lift No. 13 Oklahoma to a wild 50-49 win over West Virginia on...', "Austin's record night not enough for West Virginia in 50-49 loss to No. 13 Oklahoma", "Tavon Austin ran all over No. 13 Oklahoma on Saturday night. It just didn't feel very good when it was over.The speedy wide receiver was inserted as a running back a...", 'Still perfect with 3 games left, No. 6 Ohio State still playing for a lot even without a bowl', 'Nine games and as many wins into his first season at Ohio State, Urban Meyer believes his Buckeyes are onto something."This is a special team. They\'re fighting for e...', 'No. 21 Rutgers focused on Big East title against Pittsburgh, not move to Big Ten in 2014', "Senior linebacker Khaseem Greene will be long gone before Rutgers ever takes a snap as a member of the Big Ten.Forgive Greene if he's not exactly caught up in the hy...", 'The Big 12 and Southeastern Conferences have announced a five-year agreement for their football champions to meet in a postseason bowl game following the 2014 season...', 'Playoffs and tournaments long have determined champions of every college sport from baseball to bowling.The exception was major college football.That ended Tuesday. ...', 'As college football revenue skyrockets, debate over more for players changes from if to how', 'Notre Dame coach Brian Kelly supports an NCAA proposal to give college athletes a $2,000 stipend to cover the cost of expenses not currently taken into account by a ...', 'Rep. Joe Barton discusses a bill that would place a playoff system in division 1-A football.', 'Big Ten Commissioner Jim Delany says he would support the elimination of automatic bids to the Bowl Championship Series as long as the teams from his league get to p...', 'Big Ten Commissioner Jim Delany says he would be fine with the elimination of automatic bids to the Bowl Championship Series as long as his league gets to play in th...', 'In the vaunted SEC, there are 13 teams all vying for a chance to knock two-time defending national champion Alabama from its lofty perch.Since its inception in 1998,...', 'A political action committee looking to replace the BCS bowl system with a playoff filed a complaint with the IRS last year, claiming three bowls were in violation o...', "College football will finally have a playoff. Come 2014, the BCS is dead.A committee of university presidents on Tuesday approved the BCS commissioners' plan for a f..."]