['Celebrity Rehab."  Corey Clark Corey Clark , one of 12 finalists statements made by  Corey Clark  with a response. He communicating lies about  Paula Abdul  in order to generate book deal." The " Idol " producers at the ', 'and ever-controversial  Paula Abdul  could be heading to another TV dance show. The ex- " Idol " judge with eight seasons empathy that balances out \' Idol ,\' and we\'d love to get Money and a New Judge on \' Idol \' For whatever network might In 2005, former contestant  Corey Clark  claimed he had an affair with ', 'place she\'d rather be than " Idol ," and although she didn\'t solid enough to make her stay.  Paula Abdul \'s Woes as \'American  Idol \' Judge Prior to her departure In 2005, former contestant  Corey Clark  claimed he had an affair with non-fraternization policy" between " Idol " judges and contestants ', 'connection with the people."  Paula Abdul \'s Woes as \'American  Idol \' Judge This is the latest cloud Abdul\'s stint on " Idol ," She has been embroiled In 2005, former contestant  Corey Clark  claimed he had an affair with non-fraternization policy" between " Idol " judges and contestants ', 'competed on the second season of "American  Idol " , she was favored to take the crown the show. And Davis wasn\'t the only " Idol " contestant whose past indiscretions singing competition . Season two finalist  Corey Clark  had to leave the show when a producer ', 'Celebrity Rehab."  Corey Clark : One of 12 finalists statements made by  Corey Clark  with a response communicating lies about  Paula Abdul  in order to generate deal." The " Idol " producers at That\'s when a male " Idol " employee filed as defendants.  Paula Abdul : Abdul is no stranger controversy. Remember  Corey Clark ? But last season ', 'is the second week of the new \' Idol \' season," agreed Szish. "And Last year, former "American  Idol " contestant  Corey Clark  accused Abdul of having an affair tabloids and clips of odd behavior on  Idol  circled the Internet, leaving ', 'Corey Clark \'s parents appeared with the former "American  Idol " contestant on "Good claims that "American  Idol " judge  Paula Abdul  gave him secret, private from Fox and "American  Idol " went on to say a representative of  Paula Abdul  dismissed Clark as ', 'American  Idol " contestant Live" that  Paula Abdul , one of the said  Corey Clark , one of the statements made by  Corey Clark  with a response American  Idol ": "Disqualified American  Idol \' contestant  Corey Clark  was removed ', 'and legal affairs for American  Idol  Productions Inc. A lawsuit have been kicked off American  Idol  for various infractions. Franchelle show. Another contestant,  Corey Clark , got the boot after producers going on, and the American  Idol  that America chose may not be ', 'Simon Factor American  Idol \'s biggest draw recording artist  Paula Abdul , is also back. When Uniqueness\' American  Idol  gave 20/20 unprecedented her. Then there\'s  Corey Clark , who dreams of being compensate by playing the  Paula Abdul  card. "I was a little it. A day later,  Corey Clark , Equoia Coleman it, I\'m Memphis\'  idol . I\'m Monica\'s ']