['non-music categories: Television Favorite TV Show Victorious Favorite Reality Show Wipeout Favorite Cartoon  SpongeBob SquarePants  Favorite TV Actor Ross Lynch, Austin & Ally Favorite TV Actress Selena Gomez, Wizards of Waverly Place Film ', 'American Idol" "The Voice" "Wipeout" Favorite Cartoon "The Fairly OddParents" "Phineas and Ferb" " SpongeBob SquarePants " "Tom and Jerry" Favorite TV Actor Jake T. Austin, "Wizards of Waverly Place" Lucas Cruikshank, "Marvin ', 'was being questioned by North Miami police this morning. Five-year-old Daren was last seen wearing a blue  SpongeBob SquarePants  T-shirt and blue basketball shorts. His younger brother Rey, 3, was last seen wearing a blue-and-red ', 'Big Nate," "Ivy and Bean," and "Phineas & Ferb," and many of its TV shows, including "Barney," " SpongeBob SquarePants ," and "Dora the Explorer." Popular kids\' apps are also free. "If you are a parent this lets you sign ', "'Happy Days ' Star Donny Most Says Something's 'Not Right' About Show Merchandising Payout", "go to trial. A start date of July 17 was set. Ross, who played Mrs. C, recently starred as the voice of  SpongeBob SquarePants ' grandmother. Williams, who played Potsie Webber, went on to direct episodes of popular TV shows including ", 'SportsCenter." What about daughters Malia, 13, and Sasha, 10? Once known to watch "Hannah Montana" and " SpongeBob SquarePants ," have the Obama daughters moved on America\'s new favorite pastime: Facebook? Apparently not. "Why would ', "Shows 1. House 2. Two and a Half Men 3. The Simpsons 4. Family Guy 5. South Park 6. Grey's Anatomy 7.  SpongeBob SquarePants  8. CSI: Miami 9. iCarly 10. The Big Bang Theory Musicians 1. Rihanna 2. Bob Marley 3. Avril Lavigne 4 ", 'Jason Segel, Muppet Savior: New Movie Brings Lovable Faces Back to Silver Screen', 'for the rest of his life. Jason Segel: Muppets Are Not Puppets Over the years other popular shows such as " SpongeBob SquarePants " and "The Simpsons," even a few Pixar films, have used Muppet influences, but no one has mined their vein ', 'First  SpongeBob SquarePants  was attacked with words ... and then with fists. Watch below.', "surprising to find someone doing anything. The time consuming low tech way especially when that something. Is creating a  sponge Bob square pants  Christmas special so here's ABC's Neal Karlinsky. If you ever watch that iconic 600 Rudolph the red nosed reindeer ", "time consuming low tech way especially when that something. Is creating a sponge Bob square pants Christmas special so here's ABC's Neal Karlinsky. -- -- -- -- If you ever watch that iconic 600 Rudolph the red nosed ", 'when He held up a 7-Eleven near Orlando in the middle of the night. But his accomplice was sporting a bright yellow  sponge Bob square pants  math they managed to get away with the entire door pulled money police say the man. Fired shots in the store but no ', 'middle of the night. But his accomplice was sporting a bright yellow sponge Bob square pants math -- they managed to get away with the entire door pulled money police say the man. Fired shots in the store ', "to the study children shows like  sponge Bob square pants  could be having some negative effects of this right out of the gates  sponge Bob square pants  possibly being bad for our kids No Nickelodeon the makers of  sponge Bob square pants  that defended the cartoon and they're ", "to take on that battle. According to the study children shows like sponge Bob square pants could be having some negative effects. On your child's attention span and problem solving abilities so here explain these findings as doctor Karen Latimer felling doctor and author of wellness -- Yes five dot net doctor thanks for being with us today. Okay so explain a little bit about the study -- because first time we hear of this right out of the gates sponge Bob square pants possibly being bad for our kids raises obviously a lot of attention. Right because -- so many kids are watching I think ", "they're getting missiles information write for boat. No Nickelodeon the makers of sponge Bob square pants that defended the cartoon -- and they're putting up some of the facts in this study entertainment again that He had mentioned ", 'private life? I wash cartoons even when my kids are at school. Reporter: Really. What\'s your favorite? Right now " sponge bob square pants ." Reporter: He won his first nba championship last year. When he\'s not playing, the father of two tells us he ', 'my kids are at school. Reporter: Really. What\'s your favorite? Right now " sponge bob square pants ." Reporter: He won his first nba championship last year. When he\'s not playing, the father of two tells us he cherishes his ', 'Part right no. Which brings us to today which is on things opposites day. Probably endless ways to celebrate this day  sponge Bob square pants  even a whole episode and it. So whatever way you choose to confuse people enjoy it. I do to an enemies list would you ', '-- -- -- -- -- Probably endless ways to celebrate this day sponge Bob square pants even -- a whole episode and it. So whatever way you choose to confuse people enjoy it. -- I do to an ', "of course notice. My name skin. And my teeth. So some names that they would call you learn like Patrick Starr from  sponge Bob square pants  because. He had only to keep it made me feel terrible because. I wanted to be like all the other kids I didn't want ", 'names that they would call -- you learn like Patrick Starr from sponge Bob square pants because. He had only to keep -- -- it made me feel terrible because. I wanted to be like all the other ', "Sponge Bob square pants  the wildly popular Nickelodeon cartoon Well it turns out a Virginia psychologist and Julian Miller. She says the show  sponge Bob square pants  may be harming America's preschoolers. study found that ", 'Sponge Bob square pants the wildly popular Nickelodeon cartoon -- Well it turns out a new study by child psychologists suggest that cheerful can do little ', "nemesis. University of Virginia psychologist and Julian Miller. She says the show sponge Bob square pants may be harming America's preschoolers. -- study found that after nine minutes of sponge Bob. Kids couldn't content to -- clearly. We're "]