['Actress Busy Philipps discusses her pregnancy and filming the new season of "Cougar Town."', "And now a sneak from ABC's new Wednesday comedy.  Cougar town . And at night. And here we go. They won't Wear sun And we're of the just It's good little. Welcome to  cougar town . Series premiere Wednesday September 23 93830 central ", "And now a sneak -- from ABC's new Wednesday comedy. Cougar town . And at night. And here we go. They won't Wear sun. Or. I don't wanna be apart at judging that point it's ", "of the -- just -- It's good little. -- -- Welcome to cougar town . Series premiere Wednesday September 23 93830 central part of ABC comedy Wednesday on ABC. ", "ABC's  cougar town  stars Courteney Cox has fueled a forties facing the often hilarious challenges of navigating life after her divorce. She has the ", "ABC's cougar town stars Courteney Cox has fueled a -- forties facing the often hilarious challenges of navigating life after her divorce. She has the ", "that and to to be with Courtney. Now on the finale of  cougar town  this sounds a lot of talking about them from this handsome work together and here you are the season finale of a  cougar town  and here it's just an example of how what's the ", '-- to -- to be with Courtney. Now on the finale of cougar town this sounds -- a lot of talking about them from this handsome and you look at I do island low bid -- ', "work together and here you are -- the season finale of a cougar town and here it's just an example of how what's the. I know cocoa has a lot to do with -- reason why ", "Very cool all the winners leading up contest. Now comment how how Nicole Sullivan you know she plays therapists. On  cougar town  has plays out couples there. she says that when she. Had her children she was so obsessed with losing she's looking ", "comment how how Nicole Sullivan you know she plays -- therapists. On cougar town has plays out couples there. -- she says that when she. Had her children she was so obsessed with losing -- she's ", 'The " Cougar Town " star returns to her horror roots in Wes Craven\'s "Scream 4."', 'whom. Perfect every time now for a GMA it will superstar busy Phillips by this morning she plays Lori on the hit show  cougar town . And we played a little with her called so busy so not busy excellent. Really makes decorate cakes like does on the ', 'Phillips -- by this morning she plays Lori on the hit show cougar town . And we played a little -- with her called so busy so not busy excellent. Really makes -- decorate cakes like -- ', 'cul-de-sac in the latest episode of the hit comedy  cougar town . in the rest of the gang face a new problem when anything right. Does not mean the thing that nothing for  cougar town cougar town  2 towns where I am. Your heart is into Italian everybody ', 'battle of the cul-de-sac in the latest episode of the hit comedy cougar town . -- in the rest of the gang face a new problem when a mall opens nearby check out a scene. -- -- ', "doesn't mean anything right. Does not mean the thing that nothing for cougar town cougar town -- 2 towns where I am. Your heart is into -- Italian everybody wants them -- Yes. Yes my address is cougar ", 'not very happy about it another problem we hear. Is that Courtney when she broke up with our pets are cozy with her  cougar town  costar. And that in of itself reminded of what happened with Brad and Angelina and made her comfort. reality imitating ', 'when she broke up with -- our pets are cozy with her cougar town costar. And that in of itself reminded -- of what happened with Brad and Angelina and made her comfort. -- -- reality ', "We will yeah hopefully as he said he jumped right let's let's show everybody quick clip so they can understand  cougar town . Why you care so much if I think predictable. Because you Donnie. Is You're seeing that I'm boring but like boring ", "jumped right let's let's show everybody quick clip so they can understand cougar town . Why you care so much if I think -- predictable. Because you Donnie. Is -- You're seeing that I'm boring but -- ", "you we're gonna go back out and do another season of  cougar town  but it's going to be on TBS. And that's exciting go Courtney just in time. You're always glad that  cougar town  move on we love having you think tall hot blonde premieres ", "like you we're gonna go back out and do another season of cougar town but it's going to be on TBS. And that's exciting kind of a fresh start slightly behind this and -- about that ", "got to go Courtney just in time. You're always -- glad that cougar town -- -- move on we love having you think tall hot blonde premieres Saturday on lifetime thing to Jordan. ", "moment to sort of care and Are absolutely. I mean here of course and then tell your parents on  cougar town . Yet I I'm in the final episode of  cougar town  which Ayers. This February 14 Opening. Yet they theaters and liquidity with character. do ", "absolutely. I mean here of course and then tell your parents on cougar town . Yet I I'm in the final episode of cougar town which Ayers. This February 14 -- Opening. Yet they -- theaters and liquidity with -- -- character. -- do anything. -- that ", "Cougar town  star Courteney Cox and her husband of eleven years David Arquette have woman a cougar I mean that's ironically Courteney Cox's hit show is  cougar town  where she spoofs the whole. Issue of older women dating younger why is ", 'Cougar town star Courteney Cox and her husband of eleven years David Arquette have become the latest in the string of break ups between ', "woman a cougar I mean that's ironically Courteney Cox's hit show is cougar town where she spoofs the whole. Issue of older women dating younger -- why is it so still. As something to be noticed ", "great to AT so let's start with Courteney Cox is it true that she's involved with someone NATO. Well she is for  cougar town  in Hawaii right now and she costar Brian van very lives they responded a lot sterling on the beach with cocoa cocoa ", "true that she's involved with someone NATO. Well she is -- for cougar town in Hawaii right now and she -- costar Brian van -- -- very lives they responded -- a lot sterling on the ", "Courtney is going through a break out her husband David Arquette and she's also the same time getting very close to her  cougar town  co star Brandon What feel that's a little unfair. Four. According to not go through the divorce she feels like just ", "Arquette and she's also the same time getting very close to her cougar town co star Brandon -- What -- feel that's a little unfair. Four. According to not go through the divorce she feels like ", "there's three different guys she's now with lately all of them in this issue on the first one is Josh Hopkins who is on  cougar town  with her and Courteney Cox. They went after a few months but just sort of Friends With Benefits situation apparently ", 'this issue on the first one is Josh Hopkins who is on cougar town with her and Courteney Cox. They went after a few months but -- -- -- just sort of Friends With Benefits situation ', "there she's seven years and getting critical raves for  cougar town . Not to mention those royalty checks from a little show Arquette tweeted this photo from is dressing room of  cougar town . Where he is also an executive producer and that's ", "out there she's seven years -- -- and getting critical raves for cougar town . Not to mention those royalty checks from a little show called friends. We'll -- candidate. The couple met while filming -- screen ", "days ago Arquette tweeted this photo from -- is dressing room of cougar town . Where he is also an executive producer and that's how closely their professional lives -- intertwined -- of course and wish -- ", "said they're trying trial separation and they're split dates back for some. Now Cox may and new romance with her  cougar town  hosts Brian vandal. online dot com quoted an unnamed source saying often spent time together off. Cox is the latest ", 'for some. Now Cox may -- -- and new romance with her cougar town hosts -- Brian vandal. -- online dot com quoted an unnamed source saying -- -- often spent time together off. Cox is ', "there are records show are so what do you think is the future for these two. Well he doesn't hurt to that prompted a  cougar town . Last week so there might still be happy ending for right now they're separated and it just trying to focus on ", "future for these two. Well he doesn't hurt to that prompted a cougar town . Last week so there might still be happy ending for right now they're separated and it just trying to focus on. What's ", "think he needed help. You would like to have been so lucky yes I would call that when you're fifteen. Fifteen game  Cougar town  for adolescents. It sure looks that way when the boy thinks he's getting lucky not a single man to be. And when ", "lucky yes I would call that when you're fifteen. Fifteen game -- Cougar town for adolescents. It sure looks that way when the boy thinks he's getting lucky not a single man -- to be. And "]