['Alabama, Florida are top 2 teams in the first BCS standings , Oregon, K-State just behind', "Alabama and Florida are at the top of the season's first BCS standings, making it yet another all-SEC top two, with Oregon and Kansas State close behind the Gators.The Crimson Tide in first was no surprise. Alabama is an overwhelming No. 1 in both polls used in the BCS formula. Florida in second was less anticipated. The Gators are No. 3 in the polls, but rated best by the computer rankings That gave them a slight edge over Oregon and Kansas State when the numbers were crunched. Florida's BCS average is .9092. Oregon's is .8993 and Kansas State's is .8963.Notre Dame is fifth and not too far back at .8774.Despite the strong showing by the Southeastern Conference, another all-SEC national championship game is still a long shot. Oregon's schedule is backloaded with strong opponents and the Ducks will likely be able to close the gap in the computers if they keep winning.The Ducks play Arizona State on Thursday (5-1) and still have games against Southern California and Oregon State left, an...", "College football conferences will get a record take of about $170 million from this year's Bowl Championship Series games, including a new high of $24.7 million for ...", 'If you like sequels, the BCS has a championship game for you: Alabama-LSU II.The Crimson Tide edged Oklahoma State in the final round of voting Sunday and will play ...', 'Party crashers: Is 2010 the year the little guys make the Bowl Championship Series  title game?', "As he stood before his team ready to address goals and expectations in preparation for Boise State's season, Chris Petersen grabbed the attention of his players and ...", 'Boise State President Bob Kustra is taking another swing at the Bowl Championship Series , this time condemning the system that determines the national championship ...', "Watching film of their two previous, disastrous trips to the Fiesta Bowl back at the team hotel, Oklahoma's players didn't cringe, didn't get that here-we-go-again f...", "The Big 12's attention is on Kansas State's national championship dreams, yet there is plenty left to be decided in the conference over the final weeks.Six teams are...", 'An overwhelming majority of college football fans agree that the Bowl Championship Series is a poor way to run a postseason.Forget about the possible antitrust lawsu...', 'Person familiar with the decision: Northern Illinois makes BCS , heading to Orange vs. FSU', 'A person familiar with the decision tells The Associated Press that Northern Illinois has been selected to play in the Orange Bowl.The person spoke on condition of a...', 'A political action committee that wants to change how the national college football champion is crowned had little success with its first strategy, raising money to ...', 'No. 18 Louisville playing with something to prove, even perfection might not bring BCS  respect', "Louisville enters Saturday's Big East Conference opener at Pittsburgh unbeaten and seeking some national respect.The No. 18 Cardinals have been ranked all season and...", "College football conferences will get a record take of about $170 million from this year's Bowl Championship Series games, including a new high of $24.7 million for ...", 'To Bowl Championship Series officials, the Fiesta Bowl appears "dead serious" about reform. And the BCS is "miles away" from considering whether to replace the Arizo...', 'Oklahoma State was denied a trip to the BCS National Championship Game, but the Cowboys still earned a bid to the Fiesta Bowl on January 5 opposite Stanford.Oklahoma...', "The Bowl Championship Series ' two-team per conference limit could be up for discussion as the BCS nears another round of television negotiations.Southeastern Confer...", "No. 5 Florida's Muschamp offers to switch spots with No. 2 Alabama if Saban doesn't like BCS ", "Florida coach Will Muschamp will gladly switch spots with Nick Saban if the Alabama coach doesn't like the way the Bowl Championship Series plays out.Saban says it i...", 'The SEC has won each of the last seven BCS championships, with Alabama reigning supreme in three of the last four seasons.Sportsbooks across the country have spoken ...', 'SEC Commissioner Mike Slive came here four years ago with a plan to remake the Bowl Championship Series by creating two national semifinals to determine which teams ...']