['have been together for more than two years. Those in attendance included "Modern Family" co-star Julie Bowen and " So You Think You Can Dance \'s" Cat Deeley. See The Top 8 Moments of the Royal Wedding Howie Mandel\'s daughter Jackelyn married Alex Shultz ', "the DREAM Act legislation. http://abcn.ws/12zmSp8 RAHM EMANUEL STRIPS OFF TIE, DANCES TO 'BLURRED LINES'.  So you think you can dance ? Chicago mayor and former White House chief of staff Rahm Emanuel apparently does, according to ABC's JOAN E. GREVE ", "Credit: Jonathan Daniel/Getty Images  So you think you can dance ? Chicago mayor and former White House chief of staff Rahm Emanuel apparently does. Emanuel's recent visit to the annual Taste ", 'a colorful and mostly successful 18-year stay at Fox. There he oversaw programs including "American Idol," \'\' So You Think You Can Dance " and "World\'s Scariest Police Shootouts." The 51-year-old Darnell is considered by admirers and detractors ', 'Reality-Competition Program: "The Amazing Race," CBS; "Dancing With the Stars," ABC; "Project Runway," Lifetime; " So You Think You Can Dance ," FOX; "Top Chef," Bravo; "The Voice," NBC. Variety Series: "The Colbert Report," Comedy Central; "The ', 'Program Amazing Race Dancing With the Stars Project Runway  So You Think You Can Dance  Top Chef The Voice Host for a Reality or Reality-Competition the Stars Anthony Bourdain, The Taste Cat Deeley,  So You Think You Can Dance  Heidi Klum and Tim Gunn, Project Runway Ryan Seacrest ', 'Abdul is back behind the judges panel, this time for " So You Think You Can Dance ." The former "American Idol" judge will make her tomorrow night! xoP" she Tweeted yesterday . The " So You Think You Can Dance " Twitter account added that Paula will be joined by ', 'tennis shoes. Kamilah, a backup dancer for music stars like 50 Cent and R. Kelly and herself a finalist on Fox\'s " So You Think You Can Dance ," had the idea to combine her love of heels with her love of exercise. "I studied with Bally Total Fitness and infused ', 'Snooki" Polizzi, Jersey Shore Choice Summer TV Show America\'s Got Talent The Secret Life of the American Teenager  So You Think You Can Dance  Teen Wolf Workaholics Choice Summer TV Star: Female Troian Bellisario, Pretty Little Liars Chelsea Kane, Baby Daddy ', 'Bergeron, "Dancing With the Stars" Cat Deeley, " So You Think You Can Dance " Phil Keoghan, "The Amazing Race" Ryan Seacrest Dancing swith the Stars" "Project Runway" " So You Think You Can Dance " "Top Chef" "The Voice" Variety Series "The Colbert ', "Cross Desperate Housewives, Everwood, Melrose Place Jesse Tyler Ferguson Modern Family Simon Fuller American Idol,  So You Think You Can Dance  Vince Gilligan Breaking Bad, The X-Files Leonard Goldberg Blue Bloods, Charlie's Angels, T.J. Hooker, Hart ", 'Thing)." Jennifer thought their voices were great, but she joked their dance moves were good enough for a spot on " So You Think You Can Dance ". Phillip Phillips sang the Jonny Lang song "Still Rainin" this week because he identified with Jonny\'s voice ', 'The Stars. Anthony board to taste. Kate Cat Deeley  So You Think You Can Dance . Heidi and Tim Project Runway. Ryan Seacrest American Shock. Dancing With The Stars. Project Runway.  So You Think You Can Dance . Top chef. And the voice. The nominees for a variety ', "Dancing With The Stars. Anthony board -- to taste. Kate Cat Deeley So You Think You Can Dance . Heidi -- and Tim -- Project Runway. Ryan Seacrest American Idol. And Betty White Betty white's off their rockers. Betty White -- ", 'competition program. The Amazing Race. Shock. Dancing With The Stars. Project Runway. So You Think You Can Dance . Top chef. And the voice. The nominees for a variety series are. The col -- reports. The daily show with Jon Stewart. ', 'bergeron, "dancing with the stars." Cat deely, " so you think you can dance . Phil koegen, the amazing race. Ryan seacrest Dancing with the stars." "Project runway." " So you think you can dance ." "Top chef." And "the voice." The nominees ', 'for a reality competition. Tom bergeron, "dancing with the stars." Cat deely, " so you think you can dance . Phil koegen, the amazing race. Ryan seacrest, "american idol." And betty white, "betty white\'s off their rockers." Only old people get up ', 'reality competition program. The amazing race. "Dancing with the stars." "Project runway." " So you think you can dance ." "Top chef." And "the voice." The nominees for variety series are -- the colbert report. The daily show with jon stewart. Jimmy ', "Now to the finale everyone's buzzing about last night the seventh season of Fox's reality hit  So You Think You Can Dance  came to a close. And when the dancing dust settled Phoenix Arizona native Lauren Letterman came out on top. Winning the ", "everyone's buzzing about last night the seventh season of Fox's reality hit So You Think You Can Dance came to a close. And when the dancing dust settled Phoenix Arizona native Lauren Letterman came out on top. Winning the 250000. ", 'nominees for reality competition program. The Amazing Race. American Idol. Dancing With The Stars. Project Runway.  So You Think You Can Dance . And top chef. The nominees for variety music or comedy series are. The call buried four. The daily show with Jon ', 'program. The Amazing Race. American Idol. Dancing With The Stars. Project Runway. So You Think You Can Dance . -- -- And top chef. The nominees for variety music or comedy series are. The call buried four. -- -- The daily ', "here last week. Coincidence not likely a White House spokesperson told ABC news quote we figured fox would rather show  So You Think You Can Dance . The program they aired instead of the president's speech. And the president is facing increasingly vocal opposition ", "House spokesperson told ABC news quote we figured fox would rather show So You Think You Can Dance . The program they aired instead of the president's speech. And the president is facing increasingly vocal opposition. Which some say leaves him ", 'with there. And and trail more than 500 days of your lifetime stolen. Work children quiet even favorite TV show.  So You Think You Can Dance . I love that show that such great dancer so I would these. Crazy TV show is light what Deadliest Catch and He was ', 'days of your lifetime stolen. Work children quiet even favorite TV show. So You Think You Can Dance . I love that show that such great dancer so I would -- these. Crazy TV show is -- light what Deadliest Catch ']