['Aaron Paul and Neil Patrick Harris anounce the nominations for the 2013 primetime emmy awards.', 'bergeron, "dancing with the stars." Cat deely, " so you think you can dance . Phil koegen, the amazing race. Ryan seacrest Dancing with the stars." "Project runway." " So you think you can dance ." "Top chef." And "the voice." The nominees ', 'for a reality competition. Tom bergeron, "dancing with the stars." Cat deely, " so you think you can dance . Phil koegen, the amazing race. Ryan seacrest, "american idol." And betty white, "betty white\'s off their rockers." Only old people get up ', 'reality competition program. The amazing race. "Dancing with the stars." "Project runway." " So you think you can dance ." "Top chef." And "the voice." The nominees for variety series are -- the colbert report. The daily show with jon stewart. Jimmy ', "Now to the finale everyone's buzzing about last night the seventh season of Fox's reality hit  So You Think You Can Dance  came to a close. And when the dancing dust settled Phoenix Arizona native Lauren Letterman came out on top. Winning the ", "everyone's buzzing about last night the seventh season of Fox's reality hit So You Think You Can Dance came to a close. And when the dancing dust settled Phoenix Arizona native Lauren Letterman came out on top. Winning the 250000. ", 'nominees for reality competition program. The Amazing Race. American Idol. Dancing With The Stars. Project Runway.  So You Think You Can Dance . And top chef. The nominees for variety music or comedy series are. The call buried four. The daily show with Jon ', 'program. The Amazing Race. American Idol. Dancing With The Stars. Project Runway. So You Think You Can Dance . -- -- And top chef. The nominees for variety music or comedy series are. The call buried four. -- -- The daily ', "here last week. Coincidence not likely a White House spokesperson told ABC news quote we figured fox would rather show  So You Think You Can Dance . The program they aired instead of the president's speech. And the president is facing increasingly vocal opposition ", "House spokesperson told ABC news quote we figured fox would rather show So You Think You Can Dance . The program they aired instead of the president's speech. And the president is facing increasingly vocal opposition. Which some say leaves him ", 'with there. And and trail more than 500 days of your lifetime stolen. Work children quiet even favorite TV show.  So You Think You Can Dance . I love that show that such great dancer so I would these. Crazy TV show is light what Deadliest Catch and He was ', 'days of your lifetime stolen. Work children quiet even favorite TV show. So You Think You Can Dance . I love that show that such great dancer so I would -- these. Crazy TV show is -- light what Deadliest Catch ', "the love of my life. This is to win. Much time taken from work children quiet even your favorite television shows.  So You Think You Can Dance . I love that show Deadliest Catch and who's getting the biggest share. Not to mention the constant attention being ", "Much time taken from work children quiet even your favorite television shows. So You Think You Can Dance . I love that show Deadliest Catch and who's getting the biggest share. Not to mention the constant attention being. Clothes and hair. ", "member of our family that we want everybody to meet she's a British TV sensation and made splash. We'll hosting  So You Think You Can Dance  now Cat Deeley joins us as our. Entertainment contributor welcome aboard she's gonna bring all the hot stories from ", "she's a British TV sensation and made -- splash. We'll -- hosting So You Think You Can Dance now Cat Deeley joins us as our. Entertainment contributor -- welcome aboard she's gonna bring all the hot stories from LA this "]