["'Real Housewives' Debuts New Season After Suicide of Taylor Armstrong's Husband, Russell", "suffered at the hands of husband  Russell Armstrong . I mean by the neck and shut me a vegetable again on Kelley and.  Russell Armstrong 's attorney issued a statement slamming in part shameful exploitation of  Russell Armstrong 's reputation by others. Races ", "some of the alleged abuse she suffered at the hands of husband Russell Armstrong . I mean by the neck and shut me up against the -- any sense. He ever made my children at pizza without a vegetable again on Kelley and. Russell Armstrong's attorney issued a statement slamming -- interview and question her motives it reads in part shameful exploitation of Russell Armstrong's reputation by others. Races numerous ethical legal questions about tabloid journalism. The motive behind her attempts to connect those photos with abused by Russell Armstrong simple allegation increased the market value of those votes. ", "Taylor  and  Russell Armstrong 's marriage Police say  Russell Armstrong  hanged himself darker reality  Taylor Armstrong  told People rallying around  Taylor Armstrong  and the couple's online reports  Russell Armstrong  told a friend ", "didn't seem to get along to say the least. But it appears Russell Armstrong's problems -- even deeper than what we saw on the show. His lawyer says He was drowning in debt trying to support the real housewives lifestyle. Millions watched Taylor and Russell Armstrong's marriage unraveled on the real housewives of Beverly Hills and -- it. When He says it's time now it's generally timing the Cecil Jackson Eisner's relationship. He was accused of being controlling and she just filed for divorce citing physical and verbal abuse Los Angeles Police say Russell Armstrong hanged himself in this mansion at the age of 47 -- real housewives of Beverly -- husband found -- TMC is reporting the famous housewife helped discover the body. Behind the couples on air spats wasn't even darker reality Taylor Armstrong told People Magazine in July quote I felt like I was dying inside. She claimed her husband would grab her and pulled ", "about to start. -- like breaking the real housewives are rallying around Taylor Armstrong and the couple's young daughter Kennedy. Radar online reports Russell Armstrong told a friend of the days before He died that reality TV had quote destroyed his life from a had no comment ", 'real housewives of Beverly Hills star  Taylor Armstrong  has been found dead. Authorities found 47 year old  Russell Armstrong  late Monday night in is selling home Armstrong  an investment banker and  Taylor  were in the middle of the divorce ', "of reality television. Husband of the real housewives of Beverly Hills star Taylor Armstrong has been found dead. Authorities found 47 year old Russell Armstrong late Monday night in is selling home he's a died from hanging no suicide note was found. Russell Armstrong an investment banker and Taylor were in the middle of the divorce. ", "eight so. It's something I a little sad  Taylor  from the real housewives of Beverly Hills but she she was telling the girls. And  Taylor  was just really in a vulnerable stage like I said I hope that can help somebody  Taylor  doing now at this point in time she's ", "-- revenue fell eight so. It's something I -- a little sad Taylor from the real housewives of Beverly Hills -- really had a bit of a rough time. She dead -- last night in the episode. She basically had a meltdown. And the reason was is that Camille had really let it out that she was being abused at this but she -- she was telling the girls. And Taylor was just really in a vulnerable stage -- was very hard to -- you know we have talked about before how this ", "like I said I hope that can help somebody -- -- -- Taylor doing now at this point in time she's doing better obviously mean with CNET yeah these episodes and is difficult but she's ", "Real housewives of Beverly Hills star  Taylor Armstrong  is telling her story. She's writing a book called hiding from reality my story of love loss and finding the courage within ", "Real housewives of Beverly Hills star Taylor Armstrong is telling her story. She's writing a book called hiding from reality my story of love loss and finding the courage within. ", "address. The issue of the suicide if  Taylor Armstrong  her estranged husband. Did they They were really concerned about  Taylor  and her daughter you're really deteriorating marriage between Russell and  Taylor . So these is a big storyline that ", "see how the show would address. The issue of the suicide if Taylor Armstrong her estranged husband. Did they managed to strike the right town because a lot of people were really really waiting to see what Bravo is gonna do. Yet they did it strike the right tone in the beginning of the show you saw the women going to -- the -- home. And discussing what happened. They were really concerned about Taylor and her daughter you're really heartfelt about the whole situation. And many of them are crying they were very emotional so. I ", 'the real housewives of Beverly Hills. And doctor Janet  Taylor  psychiatrist who works with the Jeremy Kyle show program Think and to stop by and Robin you know ultimately  Russell Armstrong  has to take responsibility for his life and his death show has literally pushed us to. The limit He said that  Russell Armstrong  to People Magazine talked the about the psychological ', "the stars of the real housewives of Beverly Hills. And doctor Janet Taylor psychiatrist who works with the Jeremy Kyle show program where everyday people are solved their problems on TV thank you thank you very much. Howard you know a lot of people are saying it's because of the show to point to the show and saying that that. Led to the suicide. But He. Think and to stop by and Robin you know ultimately Russell Armstrong has to take responsibility for his life and his death. He wasn't really wonderful guys then what the reality situation doesn't shedding ", 'this show has literally pushed us to. The limit He said that Russell Armstrong to People Magazine talked the about the psychological effect. It is and has on someone watching your wife play out on television ', "has confirmed  Russell Armstrong 's death was famous widow  Taylor Armstrong  is in the middle the joneses.  Taylor  had filed for physical abuse.  Russell Armstrong 's attorney take. Plus  Taylor Armstrong  is now planning ", "Russell was not what He was laid out today. His famous widow Taylor Armstrong is in the middle of shooting a second season of the real housewives of Beverly Hills. Much of her story line is centered around their turbulent relationship. -- feel like breaking his family believes Taylor's extravagant Beverly Hills lifestyle seemed to be too much for Russell. I'm just writing -- checks and I thank that -- Tyler. Was ruled that responsible He deals -- foolish to the limit. With her and trying to keep up. -- -- with the joneses. Taylor had filed for divorce in July citing physical abuse. Russell Armstrong's attorney claims his client blamed the show for his strained marriage. And the pressure to one up the fellow real housewives for ", "Can lead to desperate thoughts. I was very close to take. Plus Taylor Armstrong is now planning her estranged husband's funeral of his business partner and friend defended her insisting. Her lifestyle on the couples fighting ", "the estranged husband of  Taylor Armstrong  one of the characters on the show  Russell Armstrong  was found hanged. He the We're separated.  Taylor  had filed for divorce He only did it because  Taylor  wanted to do it. And ", "well. Very sad news out of that show the estranged husband of Taylor Armstrong one of the characters on the show Russell Armstrong was found hanged. He committed suicide police say and they were just a lot of issues going on some of his friends said that. He was having tremendous financial problems He was really upset that the -- We're separated. Taylor had filed for divorce and she claimed that he'd been physically and verbally abusive for years. So it just this terrible situation. Involving Russell so sad and the weirdest part about it. I met him a few weeks ago when I was out about an LA now free and I just I had to ask him making music and spent yes that's that's gonna that it madam drive and -- -- -- you know you really are portrayed as a villain on that show -- feel that He told me. He never wanted to do to show -- and He only did it because Taylor wanted to do it. And -- that He had agreed to do excellent He didn't have to be on camera when He ", "journeys guitarist. In Beverly Hills this week housewife  Taylor Armstrong  opened up about her husband Russell's recent suicide murder bankruptcy cheating. Some even blame the show for  Russell Armstrong  suicide. Saying He couldn't keep up with the lavish ", "into the arms of journeys guitarist. In Beverly Hills this week housewife Taylor Armstrong opened up about her husband Russell's recent suicide on Entertainment Tonight. -- -- it's an analyst for ammunition anyway. We just seen ", "Bravo and we're happy to be joined by Adrian aloof and  Taylor Armstrong  ladies thanks so much for being here. Can you believe right that's okay which is exactly attacks and and  Taylor  what I mean you watch some of what happens with Camille ", "on Bravo and we're happy to be joined by Adrian aloof and Taylor Armstrong ladies thanks so much for being here. Can you believe it's the end doesn't seem a little surreal now to be watching ", "We're joined by  Russell Armstrong 's nephew Austin Kelso and Austin thank you so much. For joining this morning I know you're close to your uncle should be in and that you don't the show goes on but He should be completely edited out. I think so and respect to  Taylor  and father family okay well awesome thank you so much for joining us this morning. That's sort of.", "We're joined by Russell Armstrong's nephew Austin Kelso and Austin thank you so much. For joining this morning I know you're close to your uncle and this ", "disturbing resonance. It was and I think that what. We are seeing is. This series playing out the tragic and Dana  Russell Armstrong . We him and tell our Amy therapy session and where. You really dancer and the fact that there was some violence in How it's really speaking to bigger issues it could potentially help someone down the line absolutely do we know how  Taylor  is doing now she's doing you know she went through very hard times she is a young diaries But she's been tween and ", 'We are seeing is. This series playing out the tragic and Dana Russell Armstrong . We -- him and tell our Amy therapy session and where. You really dancer and the fact that there was some violence ', "unit was absence wasn't there was teller was not at the wedding because obviously this was around this time when.  Russell Armstrong  did pass away. And then Bravo at the and brought her back and with all the women sitting around talking about. You know what had occurred not in too much. But there are some some concerns on  Taylor 's. camp that she's not going to be asked back for overseas and she feels like that she media liability and this ", "not at the wedding because obviously this was around this time when. Russell Armstrong did pass away. And then Bravo at the and brought her back and with all the women sitting around talking about. You know what had occurred not in too much. But there are some some concerns on Taylor's . -- camp that she's not going to be asked back for -- overseas and she feels like that she media liability and ", "off the top of the show and Basil  Taylor Armstrong 's. This death and how is likely addresses it it's very important to  Taylor 's life it's most likely going chance of that Apple's iPad and  Taylor  has been very clear that she got ", "-- we mentioned off the top of the show and Basil -- Taylor Armstrong's . This death and how is likely to impact the real housewives of Beverly Hills world -- -- marriage figured very prominently in the story -- so it's interesting it's really interesting to see how the show addresses it it's very important to Taylor's life it's most likely going to be a part of the upcoming season of course that shows him with a statement saying ", 'Beverly Hills is a new details starting to kind of come out about. What exactly happened here apparently his wife  Taylor Armstrong  according to reports out there today. Never solve the body that was my friend you actually go into the house the ', "kind of come out about. What exactly happened here apparently his wife Taylor Armstrong according to reports out there today. Never solve the body that was my friend you actually go into the house the wasn't ", "flying during dinner that  Taylor  showed up and a who little you've got new details and  Taylor Armstrong  from the real real housewives Yes sources are saying that  Taylor  told the cell. That she did aired last night you saw that  Taylor  was an absolute she was seen ", "give yourself some time to heal. Also you've got new details and Taylor Armstrong from the real real housewives of Beverly Hills what are you hearing from her. Yes sources are saying that Taylor told the -- cell. That she did reveal to the Rob -- an on camera that He had physically abused her. So ", "this is all good clean fire and there's a real dark side to this as well in not long after Beverly Hills housewife  Taylor Armstrong  filed for divorce from her husband Russell. Citing physical and verbal abuse. He committed suicide. real housewives ", 'to this as well in -- not long after Beverly Hills housewife Taylor Armstrong filed for divorce from her husband Russell. Citing physical and verbal abuse. He committed suicide. -- real housewives of Beverly Hills husband ', 'about the relationship between  Taylor Armstrong  husband Russell and it involved who to believe you know because  Taylor  in this episode seemed very much So we really says a lot about  Taylor  she was dealing with the situation ', "Beverly Hills. -- stunning. Episode more coming out about the relationship between Taylor Armstrong -- husband Russell and it involved. All of the real housewives. Ray and I think it's really gives a glimpse into the "]