['of murder and Mexico and the American  reality TV  producer suspected of killing his wife. The former  survivor  producer has now been released by Mexican putting others on camera. The former  survivor  producer has managed to avoid them year ', '-- story of murder and Mexico and the American reality TV producer suspected of killing his wife. The former survivor producer has now been released by Mexican authorities but is not allowed to leave the country. Brian Owens is live for us ', "a man who spent his career putting others on camera. The former survivor producer has managed to avoid them year. This morning the prime suspect in his wife's murder is not under arrest not charged ", 'housewife her bachelor picking the next breakout star and  reality TV  is becoming a big business. And Deborah Roberts is here with supplied assertive attracted personalities and for shows like  survivor . One days. And millionaire matchmaker. Today we caught ', 'casting directors to who supplied assertive attracted personalities and for shows like survivor . One days. And millionaire matchmaker. Today we caught up with them searching for the right mix for an anonymous future network reality ', 'television in the last 20 years.  Reality tv . It has proved sometimes to about life you can learn from  reality tv , right? How to find your true number three best reality show, " survivor ." " Survivor " became a blockbuster success ', 'as I can throw her. From the south pacific to central america, " survivor " has transfixed viewers and showed that sometimes it\'s the fittest or maybe most devious who come out ahead. I\'m planning something different, and it\'s a little sneaky. And the winner of the first " survivor " competition is rich. But losers can also be winners. This woman, elizabeth, was voted off the island but I voted her to join my tribe. Elisabeth hasselbeck. Welcome, elisabeth. " Survivor " on the air for 25 seasons and still going strong. The tribe has spoken. And at number two -- this is "american ', 'degrees on mars. Yeah. This is going to be tough. Making " survivor " the show, look like a walk in the park. How are they going happen? What do you think? Why not? Anything is possible in  reality tv . I think we\'ve all seen that before. And finally, in ', '100 degrees on mars. Yeah. This is going to be tough. Making " survivor " the show, look like a walk in the park. How are they going to get there? They\'re going to take a ship. How are they going to get home? They\'re going to take a ship. The show is backed by a nobel laureate in physics. The show hopes to debut in 2022. Do you believe it? Is it going to happen? What do you think? Why not? Anything is possible in reality tv . I think we\'ve all seen that before. And finally, in "pop news," a pageant where beauty is not the -- that\'s not ', "the job. Now here's a from this morning's good. Good morning got on ABC news now. We're back now with the power couple Mark Burnett and Roma Downey. He's a  reality TV  mogul behind hit shows like  survivor  and shark tank and his", "now with the power couple Mark Burnett and Roma Downey. He's a reality TV mogul behind hit shows like survivor and shark tank and his -- ", 'latest on the case of the ex producer of the reality series  survivor . Accused of killing his wife he is due in court today Mike Cancun. What is being decided today is whether the former  survivor reality TV  producer. Can be released on bail while he waits to find ', "latest on the case of the ex producer of the reality series survivor Accused of killing his wife he is due in court today Mike Von fremd is in Los Angeles has the very latest for us good morning Mike. Good morning Robin. Mexican police say Bruce bear stern Redman is the only suspect in the gruesome death of his wife while the -- was on vacation in Cancun. What is being decided today is whether the former survivor reality TV producer. Can be released on bail while he waits to find out if he's going to be sent back to Mexico. The ", 'for successfully defending someone else from the world of  reality TV . Dog the bounty hunter who is accused of illegally arresting south of the border by Mexican prosecutors have called former  survivor  producer for Redmond and the prime suspect in the murder of ', 'attorney. Best known for successfully defending someone else from the world of reality TV . Dog the bounty hunter who is accused of illegally arresting convicted rapists south of the border by Mexican prosecutors have called former survivor producer -- for Redmond and the prime suspect in the murder of his wife Monica. But the 38 year old still has ', 'It has been one month since the wife of a  reality TV  show produced was found dead upscale Mexican resort investigators Bruce Hollywood producer best known for his work on the show  survivor . Mexican authorities have questioned him and forced him ', 'Bruce -- Hollywood producer best known for his work on the show survivor . Mexican authorities have questioned him and forced him to stay in the country until the investigation is complete but her Stanley is ', 'the ever booming business some  reality TV . Today we learned Sarah Palin gets fired its fire to creating  survivor . Surviving has mastered she master 950000. Dollars for an hour of  reality TV  a scripted drama. Nearly doubled ', 'reality Mark Burnett gets fired its fire to -- -- -- creating survivor . Surviving -- has mastered -- she master this I will say that she is. And a list personality a reality show starring ', 'the ever booming business some  reality TV . Today we learned Sarah Palin fire fire. Who invented creating  survivor . Surviving has mastered she master 950000. Dollars for an hour of  reality TV  a scripted drama. Nearly doubled ', 'of reality Mark Burnett this fire -- fire. Who invented -- creating survivor . Surviving -- has mastered -- she master this I will say that she is. And a list personality a reality shows starring ', "of the pioneer programs of  reality TV  has created an uproar even television. This season with a  survivor  program is splitting its tribes about this new segregated  survivor  but he it's going to be responsible for the new formation of  survivor  might. Burn in hell. Yes ", "One of the pioneer programs of reality TV has created an uproar even before it returns to television. This season with a survivor program is splitting its tribes by race pitting blacks against whites against Hispanics against Asians. ABC's Dan Harris reports there is a backlash. Even some of the contestants seem worried about this new segregated survivor but he it's going to be very interest in. But I think it's potentially you know dangerous is hard enough out here to jets survived. And to have to bring the race issue into it just makes it that much harder reaction has been swift and severe that we don't need any response from them except. To -- the shelf. A protest outside CBS headquarters. An avalanche of angry editorials you said it would be wonderful to think that those responsible for the new formation of survivor might. Burn in hell. Yes. I think brining -- -- would be a good. Would be a good beginning. As if to confirm critics' fears white supremacist web sites are -- and anticipation. CBS says it's aware of the controversial nature of this new so called ethnic format. But that it has full confidence in the producers of survivor to handle it responsibly. Some minority viewers say prolonged exposure of different races could actually break down stereotypes. If you see them ", 'Johnny FairPlay of  survivor  filed a police report against Danny Bonaduce the Partridge Family but it she threw him as we could see and not his Yeah your view of  reality TV  awards show but she appeared a show about the struggles and his ', 'Johnny FairPlay of survivor filed a police report against Danny Bonaduce the Partridge Family. Look at that their places but it she threw him as we could see and not -- his -- Yeah your view of reality TV awards show but -- she appeared -- a show about the struggles and his wife called breaking Bonaduce. Thank you did the ', 'everyone wants a piece of  reality TV . I think my personality Elisabeth Hasselbeck has  survivor  alarm has become a star Welcome to the New York  reality TV  school. A little bit sexy woman does that in  reality TV . Feet shoulder length ', "them -- Yes it seems these days everyone wants a piece of reality TV . I think my personality to be great for our reality show. The hope is the -- actually laugh and for what it hat Elisabeth Hasselbeck has survivor alarm has become a star on the view. They don't understand why it's my fault and Jennifer Hudson root away from an American Idol nobody. It's possible. Ethical vacuum -- Perhaps you could be the next reality shows superstar. You had some hopes to bring an end. Welcome to the New York reality TV school. A little bit of -- breath. Where extrovert hands in dreamers have come to free their inhibitions. Comfortable in front of ", 'News story today in the entertainment trade papers that Sarah Palin is shopping a reality show with the producer of  survivor  Mark Burnett. This is why she cut quit being governor of Alaska so she could follow in the footsteps of raging in the ', 'that Sarah Palin is shopping a reality show with the producer of survivor Mark Burnett. This is why she cut quit being governor of Alaska so she could follow in the footsteps of raging in ', 'stunning did you guys make ketchup. Yet you know Mark Burnett is a good friend of mine now as a producer and I was on  survivor  he wound he told me is when you see this your breath will come away they get is that the gorgeous and I watched it and ', 'good friend of mine now as a producer and I was on survivor he wound he told me -- -- is when you see this your breath will come away they get is that the ', "course but the you know the reality for all the hubbub about  reality TV  the reality is often as they're not entered entertaining that these people in stable relationships have. All of the  survivor  rights and the rights. Of legal the articulation in times ", 'make sure that these people in stable relationships have. All of the survivor rights and the rights. Of legal -- -- the articulation in times of property transfer and god forbid medical uncertainty that marriage ', "winners on a reality show  survivor . And a longtime couple of turn the corner on  reality TV  we're showing a little Ethan now you're cancer  survivor  Janet you dealt with definitely a little bit.  Reality TV  the parts now that we ", "Even time and general Araskog both big winners on a reality show survivor . And a longtime couple are now co host of every day -- that airs on ABC and they're they're traveling around the ", "-- the average basically trying to kind of turn the corner on reality TV we're showing a little bit of reality did a little bit of our lives in the behind the scenes -- scoop but we're also. Trying to do some good in trying to kind of shine the spotlight on these incredible people so. Hopefully they'll start a new trend carry out. TV we know we certainly hope so going in the right direction the positive direction for reality television I mean. And the show seems like a perfect fit for you guys first I mean you're obviously both incredibly fit. I Ethan now you're -- cancer survivor Janet you dealt with your mother's battle with cancer so yes. How do you bring your own individual experiences and when you're ", "good TV but it's also all you know definitely a little bit. Reality TV the parts now that we know everybody loves you get to see us interact with each other which we've never really gotten on TV that much before and you get to see our lives a little bit behind the scenes He really -- get a little bit of everything in the shop. Are you did survivor obviously huge success for both of you an individual parts of the nineteen got together for the Amazing Race who signed up ", "If you're a fan of  reality TV  you know the number one non story. And be a hero. In  reality TV  testing director Munson says just the latest entry in the  reality TV  rooms gallery. Joining us  survivor  Brian the buff identified ", "way -- and have this patriotic story. And be a hero. In reality TV testing director -- Munson says. Actual reality can get in the -- of the -- strategy everyone's. He's got a role to play. Fit into this puzzle that we're looking for their stereo -- it is really very candidly if you know a hero or villain an underdog we want them to play -- certain role as themselves a health -- -- -- on the show. -- just the latest entry in the reality TV rooms gallery. Joining us survivor Brian -- the buff -- identified on the show as a used car salesman we didn't say was that he actually been ", "really really upset about this you know I will watch the show I know what's  reality TV . But don't try to me about it America and then from that to inspiring. The  survivor  guard. It's amazing I mean you can you think about an eighteen years ", "about this you know I will watch the show I know what's reality TV . But don't try to -- me about it America and then from that to inspiring. The survivor -- -- -- guard. It's amazing I mean you can you think about an eighteen years in captivity to come out of "]