["Fights: Juan Manuel Lopez Vs. Mikey Garcia, UFC's Rashad Evans Vs. Dan Henderson", 'Boxing  Preview: Mayweather Looks To Defeat Guerrero As Mares Takes On Ponce De Leon', 'Floyd Mayweather v. Robert GuerreroFloyd Mayweather is undefeated - a fact he likes to remind us of on a regular basis. On Saturday night, at the MGM Grand in Las Ve...', 'The International Boxing Association has announced that it is banning headgear in amateur boxing competitions in an effort to reduce concussions, The Wall Street Jou...', 'Bernard "The Executioner" Hopkins became the oldest titleholder in boxing history Saturday night when the 48-year-old topped Tavoris Cloud via unanimous decision to ...', '*The footage of the press conference was provided by SHOWTIME.The most anticipated fight in boxing is actually happening and what better place than New York City to ...', 'IBF light heavyweight champion Bernard Hopkins will have to wait a little longer to return to the ring for his title defense.The 48-year-old Hopkins was set to fight...', "Floyd Mayweather Jr. & 'Canelo' Alvarez Cancel Phoenix Stop, Overcome San Antonio Controversy", 'UFC on Fuel TV 8 pitches camp in Japan this Saturday and, as usual, the card will be peppered with local talent as well as a main event matchup that whiffs of a slug...', 'Showtime was once a main outlet for Mixed Martial Arts fans.Fans of the sport would tune to the cable channel to watch Strikeforce cards, something many fans believe...', 'Emile Griffith, the elegant world champion whose career was overshadowed by the fatal beating he gave Bennie Paret in a 1962 title bout that darkened all of boxing, ...', 'International Boxing Hall of Famer Emile Griffith, a two-division champion, died due to dementia pugilistica. He was 75.Griffith, who was a welterweight and middlewe...', 'Manchester United midfielder Darren Fletcher will miss the start of the 2013-14 Premier League season as he recovers from a bowel operation.Fletcher, 29, has been ou...', "There's Wladimir Klitschko.You know him. Tall guy. Born in Kazakhstan. Lives in the Ukraine. Dates a tiny American actress. And he's held at least two big pieces of ...", "The boxing crowd is a notoriously tough one to please.Sit at a fight for a minute or two of less-than-Hagler/Hearns action and you're likely to hear boos begin raini...", 'It could have been a banner night for HBO boxing.Though its Saturday card from Montreal was inconveniently (for fans) matched up with a dueling 10 p.m. ET event on S...']