['" Teen Mom 2 ? star  Leah Messer  took to Twitter to deny reports that she\'s expecting her second daughter Ali\'s disabilities was documented on the first season of " Teen Mom 2 ." Their wedding aired in the finale but they divorced in 2011 after ', 'MTV\'s "  Teen Mom 2 , " the controversial Janelle Evans,  Leah Messer  and  Kailyn Lowry , who are all 19, and  Chelsea Houska , who is 20 struggling." While " Teen Mom " has become Houska\'s fellow " Teen Mom 2 " star, Janelle ', 'More trouble for " Teen Mom "  Jenelle Evans  . The 19-year-old MTV reality series " Teen Mom 2 " was arrested Monday Back in April, the  teen mom  was sentenced to 12 Pregnant" and now on " Teen Mom 2 ." On the most recent ', 'MTV\'s hit reality show " Teen Mom ," was taken to an Indiana latest twist for the " Teen Mom " wild child. "If there hospital. The new season of " Teen Mom " begins July 5 on MTV Janelle Evans, star of " Teen Mom 2 ," was arrested in March ', 'think of Leah and Corey, the couple who had twins together on "16 and Pregnant" and had their wedding captured on " Teen Mom 2 ." While things didn\'t work out for them, I feel like I learned a lot about the nature of love and commitment from ', "'Buy Me Condoms, Mister?': With Teen Pregnancy on Rise, Would You Help a Kid Practice Safe Sex?", 'Pregnancy among teens is on the rise for the first time in almost a decade. MTV\'s shows "16 and Pregnant" and " Teen Mom 2 " have been blamed for glorifying teen pregnancy by turning the teen moms into overnight celebrities. The show follows ', '" Teen Mom 2 " star  Leah Messer  and husband Corey Simms she said during a " Teen Mom " reunion special movie stars. Another " Teen Mom ,"  Jenelle Evans , was recently arrested Portwood, 20, another of  Teen Mom  star, is facing domestic ', 'Stars from the hit MTV reality show "  Teen Mom 2  " are the latest to fall into controversy added that she thought being on " Teen Mom " was a catalyst for bringing on the video. And Evans isn\'t the only " Teen Mom " star in legal trouble. Amber Portwood ', 'Truett, the woman punched by " Teen Mom 2 " star  Jenelle Evans  , says the reality diva attacked Sixteen and Pregnant" and now on " Teen Mom 2 ." Throughout this season of previously filed against him. Does \' Teen Mom \' Glorify Teen Pregnancy? The ', 'reality show " Teen Mom " suffered another of its stars,  Jenelle Evans , caught on tape and now on " Teen Mom 2 ." Evans faced said. Does \' Teen Mom \' Glorify Teen Pregnancy? The " Teen Mom " series has come ', 'stars got pregnant.  Jenelle Evans , mother of 1-year-old Pregnant" and now on " Teen Mom 2 ." Recently, eyebrows said that even if " Teen Mom 2 " doesn\'t glamorize drugs shortly before " Teen Mom 2 " premiered. According ', 'reality. New mother  Leah Messer  learned in the last episode of MTV\'s " Teen Mom 2 " that one of her twins pregnancy and motherhood. " Teen Mom 2 " and "16 and Pregnant Messer and Simms of " Teen Mom 2 " originally broke up ', "the imagination of teen boys in a way that fear of pregnancy maybe never happens and CC that you believe that shows like  teen mom  and actually helped because a lot of people look at and say no no you're celebrating. This and even those stories in ", "pregnancy maybe never happens and CC that you believe that shows like teen mom and actually helped because -- a lot of people look at and say no no you're celebrating. This and even those stories ", "More trouble for one of the stars of MTV's controversial show  teen mom  to. Generally Evans tested positive for drugs which is a violation of probation right actually on Monday county North Carolina ", "More trouble for one of the stars of MTV's controversial show teen mom to. Generally Evans tested positive for drugs which is a violation of probation right actually on Monday county North Carolina she went ", "reality check on what that life is like should check out  teen mom  two. The season second season debuts tonight on MTV. It's I now pronounce you husband her little sister brother.  Teen mom  two returns for its second season tonight continuing to ", "for reality check on what that life is like should check out teen mom two. The season second season debuts tonight on MTV. It's the hit show that takes a hard look at teenage mothers. Saying ", 'up themselves I now pronounce you husband -- her little sister brother. Teen mom two returns for its second season tonight continuing to follow the lives of moms Janelle Chelsea -- and -- -- -- Last ', "this a lot over the. Last week's  teen mom  you know it's on. It's on cable it's it's a reality show  teen mom  two and now one of the moms has recently right next to movie stars another  teen mom  was recently arrest after she captured ", "Talking about this a lot over the. Last week's teen mom you know it's on. It's on cable it's it's a reality show teen mom two and now one of the moms has recently gone it was married and is now. Left her husband so what -- ", "-- grace the covers of tabloids right next to movie stars another teen mom was recently arrest after she captured on tape. In this fight. This teen mom faces domestic. Violence charges I think through these girls are often impulsive they don't have good judgment I think it's really critical. ", "We turn to MTV's  teen mom  to the popular. Reality show following as to why. MTV's reality series  teen mom  to follow slices single teenage mothers wrong decisions. TV presents these  teen mom  reality shows as an object lesson ", "We turn to MTV's teen mom to the popular. Reality show following -- four teenagers as they navigate the first years of motherhood critics are now asking whether ", "up pregnant themselves. There's rampant speculation as to why. MTV's reality series teen mom to follow slices single teenage mothers as they struggle to adjust to life with a baby. You'd like nineteen year old Janelle ", "wasn't influenced by nobody but. The wrong decisions. -- TV presents these teen mom reality shows as an object lesson for teams in avoiding unwanted pregnancies. Anti crisis experts say that by showing the gritty hardships "]