['David Hasselhoff is 61. Rock musician Fran Smith Jr. (The Hooters) is 61. Television producer  Mark Burnett  ("Survivor," \'\' The Apprentice ") is 53. Actress Nancy Giles is 53. Singer Regina Belle is 50. Country singer Craig Morgan is 49 ', 'on season 4 of  Donald Trump \'s reality TV competition, " The Apprentice ," offered insider you being on " The Apprentice ." Tell us a working with  Donald Trump ? It\'s funny was - after " The Apprentice " was - his hair ', 'been blessed," Jones said. "I never intended that." Baldwin, who will next be competing on  Donald Trump \'s "All-Star  Celebrity Apprentice " and has joined forces with So Lucky To B Me to raise awareness for breast cancer research and ', 'estate magnate  Donald Trump  is known best for two words: " You \' re fired !" It\'s the reality show, " The Apprentice ." But when aren\'t rolling,  Trump  tells "20 on the) \' The Apprentice .\'"  Donald Trump  and Mark Cuban ', 'It\'s  Donald Trump  vs. the world in the wake stop this travesty,"  Trump  continued . "Our nation voters when they choose  The Apprentice . But not now?" "Hey Mark Ruffalo tweeted , " Donald Trump  just called for a Revolution ', 'Manigault-Stallworth, a former star on the NBC reality series " The Apprentice " had been dating Duncan since 2010. Duncan was best and now I\'m working with a two-time Academy Award  winner  and everyone is talking about the movie that we did together ', 'Giuliana, 37, had been a red carpet fixture for years while at E!, Bill, 41,gained fame as the  winner  of the first season " The Apprentice " in 2004. In 2008, the couple launched a television production company called You and I Productions ', 'Donald Trump  is no newbie to tweeted back at  Trump , "@realDonaldTrump flameout."  Trump  has been slamming titled, " Donald Trump : Why So Moody?" noting that the " Celebrity Apprentice " star appeared ', 'Taxi, Lou Grant, The Mary Tyler Moore Show, Phyllis, Rhoda, Room 222, The Andy Griffith Show  Mark Burnett  Survivor,  Celebrity Apprentice , Are You Smarter Than a 5th Grader?, Shark Tank, The Voice Cindy Chupak Sex in the City, Modern ', 'apparently not enough for " The Apprentice " contestant Omarosa Manigault-Stallworth Omarosa wasn\'t just fired by  Donald Trump  in the first season of the show reality shows, including " Celebrity Apprentice ." She recently landed a job ', 'fundraiser du jour,  Donald Trump , on Tuesday repeated hasn\'t condemned  Trump  for spreading the conspiracy stubborn birther.  Trump  has more allies than car driver who was on  Trump \'s " Celebrity Apprentice ," said in an interview ', 'television star  Donald Trump  likes it television star  Donald Trump . The 96-second closes with  Trump  delivering television series " The Apprentice ": " You \' re fired ." The Romney talk about  Donald Trump  all they want ', 'break bread with  Donald Trump  and Mitt Romney fantasy day with  Trump : airport transportation in a  Trump  vehicle; a stay at the  Trump  International tour of The  Celebrity Apprentice  Boardroom Romney. The  winner  will be flown ', "but what was it like working with  Donald Trump  it's. The whole experience was different people and of course  Donald Trump . The number one question I got from after  the apprentice  was his hair bright still there ", "a little bit about that but what was it like working with Donald Trump it's. The whole experience was sort of a whirlwind and going through that experience as someone who was how I. I'd just come out into the work -- two years before. I had had a couple of jobs. But it was a total learning experience being around all of these completely different people and of course Donald Trump The number one question I got from -- -- after the apprentice was his hair bright -- -- still there. Well I can tell you that up close. It looked like he was attached ", "watched her on  the apprentice  we watched for saying  you ' re fired  on  the apprentice  did it to funds and  the apprentice  so nice thank against the  trump  go as you've things can  the apprentice  after a good these moves.  Donald Trump  fired me first started  the apprentice . I woke ", "became a household face -- name as we all watched her on the apprentice we watched her more from the first season. Into the glamour of the second season in -- a lot of us tuned in to watch Caroline every week. She wrote a book and she even talked about a show of her -- but now Donald -- famous for saying you're fired on the apprentice did it to her. Caroline capture is here this morning. Welcome think -- very nice to meet you thinking okay don't compass said that he didn't say those two words to you he -- a softer. Version. What -- he said. The route at its not like an episode from the apprentice . Some I've been talking about my future for -- for sometime and -- also been speaking with my husband George for some time. And we just have different -- of -- where I was gonna go in this organization. And as of right now -- with the organization for eleven years and a little time and you had a lot of responsibility. So so. What really happened to get to this point. After you were united on a hit show. Well we had a wonderful time and funds and the apprentice so nice thank him for that I thank everybody for that. But I happen within the organization for eleven years I think ", "glory of the limelight. Probably. So did you run up against the trump -- go as you've got. -- -- like yeah I mean I island charter -- charged. I disagree with everything just seven there. -- a lot of things can -- the apprentice after a good many years working for him we all experience being on the talk shows that we all wrote a book ", "off and I'm gonna spend with my children and my first started the apprentice . I woke up Cassidy was about ten months old and she's for a man I'm so -- this these are precious -- ", 'UN mandate is black a slot machine in Las Vegas and just putting coins and and every time people believe that. Someone was a  winner  that someone normally was bank executives somewhere down the line or some person putting the deal together. Access for being ', 'putting coins and and every time people believe that. Someone was a winner that someone normally was -- bank executives somewhere down the line or some person putting the deal together. Access for being purchased ', "job. you know  Donald Trump  sure knows how few short weeks  Donald Trump  stance on we're readings for  Celebrity Apprentice  up every week talking about  trump  put vice president insulting and boycott  the apprentice . Now despite ", 'than a month. Also increasing in his perpetual publicity grab readings for Celebrity Apprentice up every week since He started them for the ring. But while it may post his visibility now some analysts say eating ', "hundreds of times. A lot of people they've seen  the apprentice  they see the  Donald Trump  does the way He goes about it Heidi. You fire. I'd never use the word  you ' re fired  I have never use the one the word terminate ", "the bad news hundreds of times. A lot of people they've seen the apprentice they see the Donald Trump does the way He goes about it Heidi. You fire. I'd never use the word you're fired I have never use the one the word -- terminate it if there's a right way to fire someone many employers haven't ", 'confidant of billionaire developer  Donald Trump  has set up a website touting a White House run. And  the apprentice  star gave me exclusive interview talk about. Some reading should  trump  run dot com. And under his guidance ', 'TV star in the Republican primary -- close confidant of billionaire developer Donald Trump has set up a website touting a White House run. And the apprentice star gave me exclusive interview yesterday to talk about. Some reading should trump run dot com. And -- -- under his guidance United States of America once again be the land of opportunity prosperity and ', "announced be on the new season of  Celebrity Apprentice  we are talking about Niki Taylor had an act it is working with  Donald Trump  initiative have to deal intimidating everything we can't wait to watch  Celebrity Apprentice . And to learn more about reader's ", "and it was just announced -- be on the new season of Celebrity Apprentice we are talking about Niki Taylor of course and she's here with us today -- Do you think -- -- and to have these celebrity if -- -- exactly. I'm very very excited. I had a lot of fun -- maintenance and we did she had already. And that grand finale has not been shots. -- -- that He had an act it is -- working with Donald Trump initiative have to deal intimidating there hundreds working as well isn't doing it that your daughter is very nice to. -- You ", "you all the continued success and everything we can't wait to watch Celebrity Apprentice . And to learn more about reader's digest we hear you America go to RD dot com. That's all the buzz we happier "]