["watched her on  the apprentice  we watched for saying  you ' re fired  on  the apprentice  did it to funds and  the apprentice  so nice thank against the  trump  go as you've things can  the apprentice  after a good these moves.  Donald Trump  fired me first started  the apprentice . I woke ", "became a household face -- name as we all watched her on the apprentice we watched her more from the first season. Into the glamour of the second season in -- a lot of us tuned in to watch Caroline every week. She wrote a book and she even talked about a show of her -- but now Donald -- famous for saying you're fired on the apprentice did it to her. Caroline capture is here this morning. Welcome think -- very nice to meet you thinking okay don't compass said that he didn't say those two words to you he -- a softer. Version. What -- he said. The route at its not like an episode from the apprentice . Some I've been talking about my future for -- for sometime and -- also been speaking with my husband George for some time. And we just have different -- of -- where I was gonna go in this organization. And as of right now -- with the organization for eleven years and a little time and you had a lot of responsibility. So so. What really happened to get to this point. After you were united on a hit show. Well we had a wonderful time and funds and the apprentice so nice thank him for that I thank everybody for that. But I happen within the organization for eleven years I think ", "glory of the limelight. Probably. So did you run up against the trump -- go as you've got. -- -- like yeah I mean I island charter -- charged. I disagree with everything just seven there. -- a lot of things can -- the apprentice after a good many years working for him we all experience being on the talk shows that we all wrote a book ", "off and I'm gonna spend with my children and my first started the apprentice . I woke up Cassidy was about ten months old and she's for a man I'm so -- this these are precious -- ", 'UN mandate is black a slot machine in Las Vegas and just putting coins and and every time people believe that. Someone was a  winner  that someone normally was bank executives somewhere down the line or some person putting the deal together. Access for being ', 'putting coins and and every time people believe that. Someone was a winner that someone normally was -- bank executives somewhere down the line or some person putting the deal together. Access for being purchased ', "job. you know  Donald Trump  sure knows how few short weeks  Donald Trump  stance on we're readings for  Celebrity Apprentice  up every week talking about  trump  put vice president insulting and boycott  the apprentice . Now despite ", 'than a month. Also increasing in his perpetual publicity grab readings for Celebrity Apprentice up every week since He started them for the ring. But while it may post his visibility now some analysts say eating ', "hundreds of times. A lot of people they've seen  the apprentice  they see the  Donald Trump  does the way He goes about it Heidi. You fire. I'd never use the word  you ' re fired  I have never use the one the word terminate ", "the bad news hundreds of times. A lot of people they've seen the apprentice they see the Donald Trump does the way He goes about it Heidi. You fire. I'd never use the word you're fired I have never use the one the word -- terminate it if there's a right way to fire someone many employers haven't ", 'confidant of billionaire developer  Donald Trump  has set up a website touting a White House run. And  the apprentice  star gave me exclusive interview talk about. Some reading should  trump  run dot com. And under his guidance ', 'TV star in the Republican primary -- close confidant of billionaire developer Donald Trump has set up a website touting a White House run. And the apprentice star gave me exclusive interview yesterday to talk about. Some reading should trump run dot com. And -- -- under his guidance United States of America once again be the land of opportunity prosperity and ', "announced be on the new season of  Celebrity Apprentice  we are talking about Niki Taylor had an act it is working with  Donald Trump  initiative have to deal intimidating everything we can't wait to watch  Celebrity Apprentice . And to learn more about reader's ", "and it was just announced -- be on the new season of Celebrity Apprentice we are talking about Niki Taylor of course and she's here with us today -- Do you think -- -- and to have these celebrity if -- -- exactly. I'm very very excited. I had a lot of fun -- maintenance and we did she had already. And that grand finale has not been shots. -- -- that He had an act it is -- working with Donald Trump initiative have to deal intimidating there hundreds working as well isn't doing it that your daughter is very nice to. -- You ", "you all the continued success and everything we can't wait to watch Celebrity Apprentice . And to learn more about reader's digest we hear you America go to RD dot com. That's all the buzz we happier ", "building known as the  trump  international the beginning.  Donald Trump  is on top of the say. Name is  Donald Trump  and of the largest his world. In  the apprentice trump  is cast that's. The  Donald Trump  story begins thirty ", "I'm standing in front of the 52 story building known as the trump international hotel and tower. -- you may think because Trump's name is out front in bright lights that He -- not exactly. All you really -- -- some of the condos the restaurant inside the parking garage below and the antennas on the roof. You see -- trump on a building doesn't always mean what you might think it means. And this is just the beginning. Donald Trump is on top of the world. Certainly that's what -- keeps telling us. I happen to be the biggest developer and other cities -- that's a very cool thing. The Taj Mahal -- fantastic. Everything I've done has been a tremendous work. These days trump is everywhere. -- everybody. His name is on buildings in casinos -- -- He has created a new category of celebrity businessman. Superstar. I have to say. Name is Donald Trump and of the largest developer in New York. I built a lot of buildings but I also own golf courses resorts to miss universe pageant. -- -- USA -- welcome to his world. In the apprentice trump is cast as a financial jet -- master. -- apprentices hang on his every word of wisdom. You don't -- -- again. ", "Sarah Palin  Donald Trump  Sharon got a slice last to historic site. Of  Donald Trump  they met briefly his Palin's Alaska and  Donald Trump  the frequent sort of candidate and start of  the apprentice . Discussed politics ", "pepperoni the former governor of Alaska and storage Sarah Palin's Alaska and Donald Trump the frequent sort of -- not really presidential candidate and start of the apprentice . Discussed politics economics the Republican field. It apparently their love for each other. What does He -- hurt. I will tell you ", 'that And these days an added bonus  winner . I think hopefully we can perhaps stuff for And like billionaire  Donald Trump  who got third wife my money is surprise the jeweler was featured on  the apprentice . And remember the woman who set ', "make millions of dollars -- this stuff for -- And like billionaire Donald Trump who got third wife my money is fifteen -- Stoner for half price it's no surprise the jeweler was featured on the apprentice . And remember the woman who set the bar for sponsored celebrity weddings Star Jones she became fodder for late night -- Al ", '" Celebrity Apprentice " contestant hopes  Donald Trump  will run for president.', "we'll make a fantastic deal. We use but that would never personal this is nothing personal you know it's like on  the apprentice  it's not personal it's just business. If you look at our greatest people Carl with TWA and so many others. Leon ", "would never personal this is nothing personal you know it's like on the apprentice it's not personal it's just business. If you look at our greatest people Carl -- with TWA and so many others. Leon ", 'infamous reality show host  Donald Trump  sat down for an interview had such great luck on  the apprentice  became so successful well known before did  the apprentice  but. People got to know me on  the apprentice  and it actually become ', "as well as I do but. I've had such great luck on the apprentice -- became so successful they just renewed for another two years and it's been a lot of fun. But business is what ", "I think a little bit you guys pretty well known before did the apprentice but. People got to know me on the apprentice and it actually become much more it's arguably could easily do -- -- people -- I became much more popular but people got to know me a little bit better I think during the show. Because they see there was a sense of humor I understand life I understand how fragile little is and yes I think people got to see that a little bit because of the success of the apprentice some people saying. That you really own view our success you're fourteen to inheritance what do you say to them by had ", 'thee most feared boss in hollywood for his firing of more than 110 personal assistants.  Donald trump , who not only fires contestants on " the apprentice " but once allegedly fired his own co-star for excessive self-promotion. And the very ', 'boss in hollywood for his firing of more than 110 personal assistants. Donald trump who not only fires contestants on " the apprentice " but once allegedly fired his own co-star for excessive self-promotion. And the very judgmental simon cowell, who wiped out nearly all of ', "labeled the most feared costs in Hollywood. firing of more than 110 personal assistants.  Donald Trump  who not only fires contestants on  the apprentice . The fire but what's allegedly fired his own costar for excessive self promotion. And the ", "costs in Hollywood. -- -- firing of more than 110 personal assistants. Donald Trump who not only fires contestants on the apprentice . The fire but what's allegedly fired his own costar for excessive self promotion. And the very judgmental Simon Cowell dreadful expected high ", "Bret Michaels. not and it's not only eight of  Celebrity Apprentice  left hand I. He showed up their despite a series hospitalized see where the Bandana and guess who  Celebrity Apprentice  was meant that. I still have to choose the celebrity ", "all odds Bret Michaels. -- not and it's not only eight of Celebrity Apprentice left hand I. He showed up their despite a series of medical problems which we've been reporting for weeks now He got ", "when He was hospitalized see where the Bandana and guess who -- Celebrity Apprentice was meant that. I still have to choose the celebrity -- -- don't cry I'm praying and -- I have to tell ", "joining us. You remember remember her sitting next to  Donald Trump  and  the apprentice . Wolf's she's gonna join us today and her name's joining us and for more on the finalists in the actual  winner  of this contest you can go to www. Idea winds dot ", "special guest joining us. You remember -- remember her sitting next to Donald Trump and the apprentice . Wolf's she's gonna join us today and her name's Caroline captured thanks so much for joining us Caroline. Thank you for -- ", "second. But they don't wanna do that instant  winner  ripped accountable of these buildings along southern of the reasons And you know how well showed as a  Celebrity Apprentice apprentice  who's been a very good thing it's hard to sort ", "of the reasons -- And you know how well showed as a Celebrity Apprentice apprentice who's been a very good thing it's hard to sort of saying. -- major issue. -- about the money. A major issue ", "worry about the pricey is  Donald Trump  he's the only potential arrived in Iowa caring  Donald Trump 's top advisor one mister checking the prospects of  trump  for president campaign the season opener of  the apprentice . The circus. Showtime ", "one guy. Called the truck force one in arrived in Iowa caring Donald Trump's top advisor one mister Michael Cohen. He's checking the prospects of -- trump for president campaign. Really president trump He's made a tremendous fortune for himself. And what would be fabulous is to see him put that ability and his talents to work for the rest of us trump himself just appeared with some other key advisors. On the season opener of the apprentice . The circus. Showtime in Iowa has a very different -- Last night the first cattle call of the -- twelve presidential race. ", 'at just one man  Donald Trump trump  has been turned this time on  trump . David was at the phone with  trump  tonight. Introduced all to But the  trump  went beyond the in an episode of  Celebrity Apprentice  you mr.  trump', "faked the moon landing. And all -- -- to -- But the trump -- went beyond the -- issues Furrey McDonald on being the leader. For example. Ulcers -- just recently in an episode of Celebrity Apprentice you mr. trump recognize that the real problem was a lack of leadership. And so ultimately you can blame Littlejohn. Meat -- You fired Gary -- it. This -- the kind of decisions that would keep me up at night. From smiled even waved to the -- but became stone faced when comedian Seth Myers kept up the ribbon and Donald Trump has been saying -- will run for president as a Republican which is surprising since I just assumed He was running as a joke. The Obama campaign would love -- to actually jump in the race as a Republican or even a third party candidate. In fact some wonder if the president is trying to goad trump -- running. Late today trump told us that's silly. If I were them I'd be doing the same thing please let me run against trumpeted -- says. And I know from inside knowledge I am the last person I want to run against. It didn't sound that way last night so -- -- -- about. Mr. trump is certainly would bring some change to the White House. It's -- we've got a -- From still won't say whether He will try to occupy that house on 16100 Pennsylvania Avenue. David -- ABC news Washington. All right so let's turn to our senior Washington editor Rick Klein who's in Washington two nights in -- it was also be in good fun as we know but it. It sure seemed like the president and the White House reveling in their opportunity to take on Donald Trump That's right they love the chance that take this campaign against jumping to define trump -- all Republicans right now the Republicans are looking at a field it almost doesn't exist the campaign has reddy's is waiting on actual candidates we're gonna have. A real debate going on the first -- -- the cycle in South Carolina later this week the media's use three candidates they're only Tim Pawlenty is what you'd call. -- -- top tier candidate he's hardly a household name. And when -- -- some of the other names they're hardly as recognizable as trump does this concern the Republicans. Very much they hate the idea that this this campaign could be about Donald Trump through the summer this is a critical time for the Republican candidates to Begin to make a name for themselves. As long as everyone is talking about Donald Trump instead of all the other candidates who are trying to make a name for themselves that's time that the Republicans feel like "]