["More trouble for one of the stars of MTV's controversial show  teen mom  to. Generally Evans tested positive for drugs which is a violation of probation right actually on Monday county North Carolina ", "More trouble for one of the stars of MTV's controversial show teen mom to. Generally Evans tested positive for drugs which is a violation of probation right actually on Monday county North Carolina she went ", "reality check on what that life is like should check out  teen mom  two. The season second season debuts tonight on MTV. It's I now pronounce you husband her little sister brother.  Teen mom  two returns for its second season tonight continuing to ", "for reality check on what that life is like should check out teen mom two. The season second season debuts tonight on MTV. It's the hit show that takes a hard look at teenage mothers. Saying ", 'up themselves I now pronounce you husband -- her little sister brother. Teen mom two returns for its second season tonight continuing to follow the lives of moms Janelle Chelsea -- and -- -- -- Last ', "this a lot over the. Last week's  teen mom  you know it's on. It's on cable it's it's a reality show  teen mom  two and now one of the moms has recently right next to movie stars another  teen mom  was recently arrest after she captured ", "Talking about this a lot over the. Last week's teen mom you know it's on. It's on cable it's it's a reality show teen mom two and now one of the moms has recently gone it was married and is now. Left her husband so what -- ", "-- grace the covers of tabloids right next to movie stars another teen mom was recently arrest after she captured on tape. In this fight. This teen mom faces domestic. Violence charges I think through these girls are often impulsive they don't have good judgment I think it's really critical. ", "We turn to MTV's  teen mom  to the popular. Reality show following as to why. MTV's reality series  teen mom  to follow slices single teenage mothers wrong decisions. TV presents these  teen mom  reality shows as an object lesson ", "We turn to MTV's teen mom to the popular. Reality show following -- four teenagers as they navigate the first years of motherhood critics are now asking whether ", "up pregnant themselves. There's rampant speculation as to why. MTV's reality series teen mom to follow slices single teenage mothers as they struggle to adjust to life with a baby. You'd like nineteen year old Janelle ", "wasn't influenced by nobody but. The wrong decisions. -- TV presents these teen mom reality shows as an object lesson for teams in avoiding unwanted pregnancies. Anti crisis experts say that by showing the gritty hardships "]