['Credit: @F1abraham/Twitter. "  Teen Mom  " star  Farrah Abraham  had a dilemma. To wax or not to wax? But saying it was here to stay." RELATED: \' Teen Mom \'  Amber Portwood  Reveals Latest Suicide Attempt Abraham said ', 'More than 30 years after the film "Kramer vs. Kramer" put a child custody battle in the public eye, the presumption that the woman always wins is no longer the case. Latest example: Tameka Foster , who lost custody of her two sons with her ex-husband, the R&B singer Usher . Speaking out for the', '" Teen Mom " star  Amber Portwood , who this week chose to serve a five-year unraveled in front of audience\'s eyes on " Teen Mom ." She was rushed to the hospital last daughter\'s father, on an episode of " Teen Mom ." Shirley now has custody of Leah ', 'Amber Portwood , one of the stars of MTV\'s " Teen Mom ," has been sentenced to five years in served in the program. In 2010, the " Teen Mom " star received probation after pleading ', 'It\'s been quite a year for " Teen Mom "  Amber Portwood . The 21-year-old MTV star latest of many setbacks for the " Teen Mom ." In June, Portwood was hospitalized hitting Shirley in an episode of " Teen Mom " and charged with assault.', 'MTV\'s "  Teen Mom  2, " the controversial struggling." While " Teen Mom " has become a bona fide and off camera. One " Teen Mom " star,  Amber Portwood , reportedly attempted and Houska\'s fellow " Teen Mom  2" star, Janelle Evans ', 'isn\'t always premeditated; it\'s often impulsive. One recent example is reality-TV star  Amber Portwood  , who became famous on MTV\'s " Teen Mom ." She reportedly fought with her daughter\'s father prior to being hospitalized Tuesday morning ', 'Amber Portwood , one of the mothers hit reality show " Teen Mom ," was taken to twist for the " Teen Mom " wild child tabloid celebrity,  Amber Portwood  has made her way new season of " Teen Mom " begins July 5 ', '" Teen Mom  2" star Leah Messer and she said during a " Teen Mom " reunion special. The movie stars. Another " Teen Mom ," Jenelle Evans, was assault and simple affray.  Amber Portwood , 20, another of  Teen Mom  star, is facing domestic ', 'the hit MTV reality show "  Teen Mom  2 " are the latest to fall that she thought being on " Teen Mom " was a catalyst for bringing And Evans isn\'t the only " Teen Mom " star in legal trouble.  Amber Portwood  of Anderson, Ind., faces ', 'woman punched by " Teen Mom  2" star Jenelle and now on " Teen Mom  2." Throughout against him. Does \' Teen Mom \' Glorify Teen young motherhood.  Amber Portwood , a star of the Resolution." The " Teen Mom " series has come ', 'reality show " Teen Mom " suffered another and now on " Teen Mom  2." Evans faced young motherhood.  Amber Portwood , a star of the said. Does \' Teen Mom \' Glorify Teen Pregnancy? The " Teen Mom " series has come ', 'and now on " Teen Mom  2." Recently that even if " Teen Mom  2" doesn\'t glamorize presents their  teen mom  reality shows as Development, said. " Teen Mom " Encouraging Pregnancy good behavior.  Amber Portwood  , a  teen mom  from ', "troubled star the MTV reality show  teen mom  amber for what she's been hospitalized 911. I don't the latest twist for  teen mom  wild child amber court would now reportedly when paramedics arrived they found the  teen mom  star drifting in and out of consciousness ", "Now return to the troubled star the MTV reality show teen mom amber for what she's been hospitalized after what appears to be a suicide attempt. Did you change can find it very public's ", "someone dialed 911. I don't -- -- -- the latest twist for teen mom wild child amber court would now reportedly includes attempted suicide. If Sarah -- chat fest for -- a tabloid celebrity. Ever -- ", 'amber admitted to taking pills and when paramedics arrived they found the teen mom star drifting in and out of consciousness. The magazine also says the rescuers removed a rope from around her neck. But according ', "Turn to reality TV star  Farrah Abraham  from MTV's  teen mom  she's under fire from lot of fans are appalled and tiara look pretty. But some say MTV's  teen mom  star  Farrah Abraham  went a little too far act months. After trying ", "Turn to reality TV star Farrah Abraham from MTV's teen mom she's under fire from lot of fans are appalled when they learn that she waxed and -- the eyebrows with her three year old. Abraham says she was only trying to keep her child from being bullied. And -- Abbie Boudreau has the story. We've seen the extremes. Go to the -- toddlers and tiara look pretty. But some say MTV's teen mom star Farrah Abraham went a little too far act months. After trying to wax and then to pluck her three year old daughter's eyebrows. Abraham ", 'Legal trouble for one of the stars of the reality show  teen mom  and report was arrested Monday in Indiana for violating her probation port would. remain in jail until a court hearing in January ', 'Legal trouble for one of the stars of the reality show teen mom and report -- was arrested Monday in Indiana for violating her probation port would. -- remain in jail until a court hearing ']