["Former 'Bachelorette' Star Meredith Phillips  Opens Up About Battle With Alcoholism: 'I Want To Live'", 'Meredith Phillips , a former star of ABC\'s " The Bachelorette ," opened up in an interview franchise\'s second-ever " Bachelorette ," who got to choose The Bachelor" or " The Bachelorette " for her drinking problem ', 'is the original  bachelorette . Back then she was  Trista Rehn , when she met as the first " Bachelorette " wedding, but being the only " Bachelorette " couple still RELATED: \' The Bachelorette \' Winner Jef Holm ', 'A new season of " The Bachelorette " kicked off Monday night as cast as the season 1 "Mormon  Bachelorette " and she found love on the show split up and season 3 "Mormon  Bachelorette "  Ashley  Chapman did not choose anyone ', "'The Bachelor' Finale Season 16: Did Ben Flajnik Pick Courtney Robertson or Lindzi Cox?", 'was one of the two finalists in the last season of " The Bachelorette ." He famously had his marriage proposal rejected by  Ashley Hebert , who accepted J.P. Rosenbaum\'s proposal. He ', 'the next "  Bachelorette  ," ABC officially mate on \' The Bachelorette .\'" Twenty-five-year-old learn that  Ashley Hebert  was "The the next  Bachelorette ? Will she the last  Bachelorette Ashley Hebert  , as popular as  Ali Fedotowsky ? As lucky ', 'forget the dramatic scene in last season\'s finale of "  The Bachelorette  " when Ben Flajnik got down on one knee to propose to  Ashley Hebert  , only to be rejected and then have the moment play ', '"  The Bachelorette  " finalist J.P. Rosenbaum one knee and proposed to  Ashley Hebert  on the season finale of Hebert was this season\'s  bachelorette  -- rather than former flew to Hong Kong and let  Ashley  down again, many of the ', 'the latest episodes of " The Bachelorette "? The big intrigue has first date. Now consider  Ashley  and the remaining suitors palpable signs of interest.  Ashley  looks happier, more present the interactions between  Ashley  and each guy. For viewers ', "'Bachelorette Shocker': Bentley Williams Comes Back, and Ryan McClean Leaves Show in Frustration", '" Bachelorette " bad boy Bentley Williams, who infamously acknowledging that he wasn\'t attracted to  bachelorette Ashley Hebert , returned to the show last night expressed disappointment that the new  bachelorette  wasn\'t Emily Maynard, a former ', 'episode of " The Bachelorette " saw one of openly courted  bachelorette Ashley Hebert  while privately Williams quit " The Bachelorette " on Monday night\'s this season\'s  bachelorette  -- rather than Emily Maynard. " Ashley \'s a sweet girl ', "From Danielle Staub to Bethenny Frankel: The Winners and Losers of 'The Real Housewives'", 'to banding with fellow fame mongerers Heidi Montag and  Ashley  Dupre for "Famous Food," a VH1 reality series that husband\'s divorce filing as ammo to launch a spinoff "  Bachelorette  "-esque series, "Countess Wants a Count." But instead ', "the seventh season  the bachelorette  and Actually it Barry came very close to winning rads last season on the bachelor and now it's your turn girl a deal to be in ", '-- the seventh season the bachelorette and -- -- -- -- Actually it Barry came very close to winning rads -- last season on the bachelor and now ', 'about winning maybe in the next year falls next year but. Taking it step by step as commercial break I saw the first  bachelorette  tryst and her husband Ryan when I was not bail a couple of weeks ago they had children now and but you know that there ', 'by step -- as -- -- commercial break I saw the first bachelorette tryst and her husband Ryan when I was not bail a couple of weeks ago they had children now and but you ', "Bad boy Bentley Williams called it quits on  the bachelorette . Leaving  Ashley . Controversial contestant He made it clear to the figure out. My goodness Bentley events sat down with  Ashley  and that He missed his daughter too much and that's ", 'Bad boy Bentley Williams called it quits on the bachelorette . Leaving Ashley . Controversial contestant He made it clear to the audience at the very beginning He was not interested actually but still -- actually ', 'A former  bachelorette  contestant. Was found dead on the side of the highway he watched the  Jillian Harris  season which was 2009. You may or passing of course as you can imagine  Jillian Harris  at a lot get a cast members were offering ', "A former bachelorette contestant. Was found dead on the side of the highway -- he watched the Jillian Harris season which was 2009. You may or may not remember this guy's name is Julian hug in the one of the reasons ", 'it is just a sad passing of course as you can imagine Jillian Harris -- at a lot get a cast members were offering their condolences to the family and saying what a great guy he ', "majority of find out from from. Last night fans at this viewing party in cedar grove New Jersey watching anxiously. As a  bachelorette . Actually eight proposed to not widely Sammy. Yeah. But that's news. Isn't it a finalist the proposal ended ", "this viewing party in cedar grove New Jersey watching anxiously. As a bachelorette . Actually eight -- -- proposed to not widely Sammy. Yeah. But that's -- news. -- -- Isn't it a finalist -- the ", 'heat index. A shocking revelation from former " bachelorette "  meredith phillips , her long secret battle with alcoholism on screen bob\'s season. Then as the franchise\'s second " bachelorette ." She accepted the pro posed of ian McKee. Will ', 'That would be on the heat index. A shocking revelation from former " bachelorette " meredith phillips , her long secret battle with alcoholism on screen and off. Bianna golodryga hat down wit her for an interview. Reporter: These days, she\'s taking life one step at a time. Not long ago, she was taking them one rose at a time. Ther model came in third on bachelor bob\'s season. Then as the franchise\'s second " bachelorette ." She accepted the pro posed of ian McKee. Will you? Yes. Reporter: Were you in love? Mm-hmm. I wasn\'t expecting him to ', "night actually made her choice on the season finale of  the bachelorette . Take a look on the big moment. Eighteen million we know the track record unfortunate for couples on  the bachelorette  and bachelor. It's not exactly stellar two couples ", "from last night actually made her choice on the season finale of the bachelorette . Take a look on the big moment. Eighteen million that's the last. Then finally room. Makes you all sappy side president. Amy ", "this and because we know the track record unfortunate for couples on the bachelorette and bachelor. It's not exactly stellar two couples have actually made it down the -- in the total of the nineteen seasons "]