['Tim Gunn  is making it work without sex. The "Project Runway" fashion guru revealed Tuesday on ABC\'s daytime talk show " The Revolution " that he hasn\'t been between the sheets with anyone for 29 years. That\'s fine with him. "I haven\'t ', 'encouragement. Here are some tips from the cast of the new show, " The Revolution ," on which a dream team of experts provides advice and tools debuts today, Jan. 16, at 2 ET/1 CT on ABC. Style Guru  Tim Gunn \'s Women\'s Wardrobe Essentials Day dress Classic white ', "'Revolution' Host Ty Pennington on Living in His Dressing Room, Settling Down and His Vomit Bag Collection", 'the host of upcoming show " The Revolution ," is known for his strange Makeover: Home Edition," to " The Revolution ," he hasn\'t laid down roots show on ABC with fashion guru  Tim Gunn  -- " The Revolution ," which premieres on Jan ', 'What\'s the one item of clothing that style guru  Tim Gunn  thinks should be exiled from your closet? The cargo is the resident style expert on the new ABC show, "  The Revolution  ," which debuts Jan. 16. "Cargo Capri pants look ', 'closet, according to  Tim Gunn  , style guru and co-host the new ABC show "  The Revolution  ." Instead of buying the new ABC show, "  The Revolution  ." For more tips from check out ABC\'s  The Revolution , which debuts on Monday ', 'contest, including a makeover session with the one and only  Tim Gunn  to dress her slimmer figure. Dale, who calls herself "a personal transformations of their own on ABC\'s new show "  The Revolution  ," starting Jan. 16. Gunn gave "GMA" his top four tips ', 'and trends, and " The Revolution ," about health and The Chew" and " The Revolution " aim to emulate the expert Daphne Oz. " The Revolution " will feature a including fashion guru  Tim Gunn , celebrity trainer ', 'and trends, and " The Revolution ," about health and The Chew" and " The Revolution " aim to emulate the expert Daphne Oz. " The Revolution " will feature a including fashion guru  Tim Gunn , celebrity trainer ', "Whitman. That was up all the cheers that we keep denial that as well also Tim ever stylish  Tim Gunn  Project Runway fame also part of ABC show  the revolution . And show that has not aired just given 58 year old didn't reveal something very interesting ", "that we keep denial that as well also Tim -- ever stylish Tim Gunn Project Runway fame also part of -- ABC show -- the revolution . And show that has not aired just given 58 year old didn't reveal something very interesting about his sex life. On the ", 'The revolution  its about you get to Fifth and advice from your personal team of lifestyle expects to help you start your own mentally. I that ', 'The revolution its about you get to -- Fifth and advice from your personal team of lifestyle expects to help you start your own ', "taking twirled down your own personal catwalk and apply your fashions to your furnishings. But you won't know until you try it.  The revolution  coming January 16 to ABC daytime and for more tips check out FaceBook Twitter and abc.com.", "-- -- -- -- But you won't know until you try it. The revolution coming January 16 to ABC daytime and for more tips check out FaceBook Twitter and abc.com. ", "ABC family the new daytime show of  the revolution . Finally premieres we've been talking ask you ten. What can we expect from  the revolution  frankly it's one stop shopping for watch GMA and my GMA mug and I watch  the revolution  you sit on without ever your butt and ", "an exciting day for our ABC family the new daytime show of the revolution . Finally premieres we've been talking about -- it premieres this afternoon and features a dream team really experts and providing tips and ", "in store let me ask you ten. What can we expect from the revolution -- frankly it's one stop shopping for a lifestyle make over a flurry of clothing and keep it simple word dream team ", "we're gonna watch GMA and -- my GMA mug and I watch the revolution -- you sit on without ever -- your butt and thighs. And ladies you guys we'll tackle health issues mental health and ", "we're starting Michelle and its.  the revolution  which is really cool thing because so it's critical to imagine  Tim Gunn  right you got you how to pass debuts on ABC stations it is  the revolution  it is. About you tighten them ", "Announcement high ticket. Watching -- we're starting Michelle and its. -- the revolution which is really cool thing because. Retrenchment in the lives of women in every different category talking health fitness but also panel ", 'January 16 2 PM eastern -- debuts on ABC stations it is the revolution it is. About you tighten them right thank you very much. ', "anything obviously not a Bellwether of what's ahead of  the revolution  because we have women who also very inspiring stories and Good Morning America dot com on Yahoo! and new shout  the revolution  will air weekdays starting Monday January 16 right here ", "will and if anything obviously not a Bellwether of what's ahead of the revolution because we have -- -- women who also very inspiring stories and you and you take them and and really help them ", '-- Good Morning America dot com on Yahoo! and -- new shout the revolution will air weekdays starting Monday January 16 right here. On ABC. ']