['left her "heartbroken." In a 13-minute interview on  the  " Today Show ," Deen, 66, repeatedly stated that she is not a racist I treat people. I know my love for people." After  Matt Lauer  tried to end the interview, a sobbing Deen continued ', '2013 May sweep , topping  NBC \'s "Today" (4.712 Adults 18-49 , leading the  NBC  program by +60,000 Adult 18-49, "GMA" snapped  the  " Today Show \'s " 9- week winning the key adult news demo ( NBC \'s "Today" is down -13 ', '(Photo credit:  NBC \'s Today Show) Jenna new photos, released by  the  " Today "  show , for which Bush Hager Laura. (Photo credit:  NBC \'s Today Show) "We met elated." (Photo credit:  NBC \'s Today Show)', 'outdelivered the No. 2 ranked  NBC  "Today Show" (4.636 increased its advantages over  the  " Today Show " compared to the previous season. In contrast,  NBC \'s "Today" was not only the key adult news demo ( NBC \'s "Today" is down -14 ', 'he has not always waxed so poetically on the topic of veganism. "I just threw up the white flag," he told  Ann Curry  on " The Today Show " last year in an attempt to explain why he took up the diet. "Too many prison cells, too many jails, too ', 'GMA" outperformed  NBC \'s "Today" (4.718 Research. "GMA" led  NBC \'s "Today Show" (4 margin (+83%) over  the  " Today Show " (+355,000 on w 12). In contrast,  NBC \'s "Today" (-9 ', 'State\'s former head football coach, Joe Paterno, who was implicated in the Sandusky scandal. In an interview on  NBC \'s " The Today Show " this morning, Ziegler played a recording of the interviews he conducted with Sandusky behind bars in Pennsylvania ', 'Images)  Matt Lauer  is among those who believe  NBC  could\'ve handled  Ann Curry \'s departure from  the  " Today "  show  better than who pushed  NBC  News to replace to replace  Meredith Vieira  as co-anchor an idea to  NBC  in which Katie."  The  " Today "  show  now trails ', 'daughter Jett Ling Song on March 8.  Meredith Vieira  One of the original co-hosts succeed Katie Couric as co-anchor of  the  " Today "  show , while continuing to host the syndicated 2011, she continues to work for  NBC  as a correspondent on "Rock Center ', 'respectively. "GMA" led  NBC \'s "Today" (4.821 09. "GMA" outdrew  NBC \'s "Today" (5.835 Total Viewer margin over  the  " Today Show " in more than 21 years 25-54 advantage over the  NBC  program since premiere ', 'Research. "GMA" led  NBC \'s "Today" (4.676 Further, "GMA" grew while  the  " Today Show " declined by double digits the key adult news demo ( NBC \'s "Today" is down -16 972,000 3.9/14  NBC  4,676,000 1.6/11 ', 'Research. "GMA" led  NBC \'s "Today" (4.664 year in Total Viewers as  the  " Today Show " declined by -17% and the key adult news demo ( NBC \'s "Today" is down -16 890,000 3.8/14  NBC  4,664,000 1.6/11 ', "Today was the last day for today show cohost  Ann Curry . She announced her departure at the end of Thursday's news stories from a country in the world for all  NBC  platforms including  The Today Show . Curry has ballot today for nearly fifteen years ", "Today was the last day for today show cohost Ann Curry . She announced her departure at the end of Thursday's broadcast. After all of these years I didn't know if I can sleep in anymore. I'm not even sure can but I know that whatever time I wake up -- missing you and that we believing you. Lot of tears on the couch this morning announcing her new role at the network. Shall head up a seven person team will cover the big news stories from a country in the world for all NBC platforms including The Today Show . Curry has ballot today for nearly fifteen years but has co anchored for one year Savannah Guthrie is expected to replace the. ", "that immediate  Meredith Vieira  would be departing up.  The Today Show  and I can't hearing May be  Matt Lauer  could be departing that bad record  Matt Lauer  has when you're to sources at  Meredith Vieira  could be leaving ", "We talked about the fact that immediate Meredith Vieira would be departing up. The Today Show and I can't figure out if it's just people TV they care about that's our the world at large really cares about them but we -- have an update that we want to fill you in on. As it's speculative a lot of people are saying this is very speculative but now we're hearing -- May be Matt Lauer could be departing as well which -- -- -- -- Alan Willard -- right. They're -- they don't know what we've of that bad record Matt Lauer has when you're eight months left on his contract and according to sources at Meredith Vieira could be leaving in September when her. Contract is expired so -- who would take over at the big question. ", "works. He got NPR and.  NBC  news in the house floor they've had a Soledad on  The Today Show  let go of Ann After being told  Ann Curry  said let me get this straight  Al Roker  tells the world the White ", "back. It works. He got -- -- NPR and. -- -- -- NBC news in the house floor they've had a -- Soledad on The Today Show let go of Ann -- After being told Ann Curry said let me get this straight Al Roker tells the world -- -- -- -- the White House and I'm getting tired. Al good reason -- -- more -- at ", 'talk about  NBC  they appear tradition and  Al Roker  weighed in with according to  NBC  spokeswoman backlash against  Matt Lauer  at least according producers of  The Today Show  according to dot com. Hate  Matt Lauer  and this is ', "life sadly. Com -- Sunday afternoon at -- California. -- talk about NBC they appear to be still and damage control about the quipped that won't go away we're talking about the Al corporate route one of us on the bus quipped that came out last. We can just set it up if you didn't see it real quick. Matt flowers on the broadcast referring to an Olympic growing tradition and Al Roker weighed in with that tradition of his own it seemed like a veiled reference. And Kerry get and taken off the -- ", "about and -- it certainly sounds very tough plausible but according to NBC spokeswoman Megan -- She insists. That there that had nothing to -- with -- she said a statement noting that the phrase -- frequently used around the -- with some -- -- they're not going to begin the process frequently -- tapes -- -- -- -- age they check tapes and found expression -- under the -- was -- 27 times -- in the last two years and he -- clearly concerned about all this fall -- and in another not so pleasant. Reference to this apparently there's been a backlash against Matt Lauer at least according to radar online dot com let me read you a quote. Apparently. Some of the producers of The Today Show according to radar online dot com. Hate Matt Lauer and this is a quote there are several producers that have been with The Today Show for very long time over ten years and -- flowers now they buy them because they feel. He's responsible for Ann -- ", "from across town over  The Today Show  our friend and colleague taken a big new role at  NBC  where she's going gonna continue to shine  NBC . And she was on  The Today Show  for fourteen years gonna continue on at  NBC  news that. We just ", "We just got some news from across town over -- The Today Show our friend and colleague and curry. Just that she's really taken a big new role at NBC where she's going to be covering the story she cares about most around the world. Here we just wanted to commitment to wish you well. We need to integrate this new job. We enjoy competing against you know you're gonna continue to shine -- NBC . And she was on The Today Show for fourteen years -- -- she's very emotional. Right now -- he loves the people there and as you said gonna continue on at NBC news that. We just had to take this moment because she -- -- you work the streets in the heart and soul. ", "you think biggest  NBC  obviously has been longest time I mean  NBC 's really kind of amazing I thought  Matt Lauer  big good choice for each time. Slot.  NBC  has lot of work to I mean I joked about  The Today Show  but as one of the ", "Johnson take over the late night show. What do you think biggest NBC obviously has been kind of re branding itself bringing in some younger comedians and some of those -- they've been waiting in the wings -- for awhile. Bomb but for the longest time I mean NBC's really kind of -- you know -- -- its name on now on Leno. Yep it's amazing I thought Matt Lauer big good choice for you know -- -- -- insularity as a zero -- up. Why not. -- -- -- well Seth Myers and -- in the head -- -- SNL so there's a big opening there right now so -- could be some changes there the effects on late night will be probably small because as a small audience. That he's inheriting and and that late show that follows the Tonight Show. Which of course going to be Jimmy -- -- gates so yeah that'll that's going to be urged him to see how he does -- that more prime time each time. Slot. NBC has lot of work to -- I mean I joked about The Today Show but -- as one of the problems -- -- kind of dealing with -- attorney get out of fifth place. Well and ", "funniest guys in Hollywood he's he's that he's one of the most gracious to last we heard by now that you. He was of  The Today Show  and Kathie Lee was his marriage and how he keeps things. You know alive and that hot with his wife but the problem ", 'gracious to last we heard by now that you. He was of The Today Show and Kathie Lee was -- -- his marriage and how he keeps things. You know alive and that hot with his wife ']