['has the best chance of winning. Netflix  Zooey Deschanel Zooey Deschanel  is no longer  the new girl . After scoring a nom last year for lead actress in a comedy series,  the  " New Girl " actress was snubbed and her show was shut ', 'Arrested Development," "Veep," "Girls" " New Girl " "Arrested Development" isn\'t new to the Emmys Louis-Dreyfus, "Veep"; Tina Fey, "30 Rock";  Zooey Deschanel , " New Girl "; Lena Dunham, "Girls"; Amy Poehler, "Parks ', 'in a Television Series, Comedy or Musical  Zooey Deschanel , " New Girl " Julia-Louis Dreyfus, "Veep" Lena Dunham Mini-Series Or Motion Picture Made For Television  Max Greenfield , " New Girl " Ed Harris, "Game Change" Danny Huston ', 'appeared on Tuesday\'s episode of the Fox comedy " New Girl " as the mother of  Zooey Deschanel \'s character, will celebrate her 54th birthday Rob Reiner co-starred on the aforementioned " New Girl " episode as the dad of Deschanel\'s character ', 'Comedy: Julia Louis-Dreyfus Nominees are:  Zooey Deschanel , " New Girl "; Lena Dunham, "Girls"; Edie Falco Jesse Tyler Ferguson, "Modern Family";  Max Greenfield , " New Girl "; Bill Hader, "Saturday Night Live ', 'Choice TV Female Scene Stealer: Candice Accola, "The Vampire Diaries" Choice Female TV Breakout Star:  Hannah Simone , " New Girl " Choice Summer TV Star, Female: Troian Bellisario, "Pretty Little Liars" Choice TV Actress, Drama: Lucy ', 'Modern Family  New Girl  Choice TV Bang Theory  Zooey Deschanel ,  New Girl Scene Stealer  Max Greenfield ,  New Girl  Gabriel Mann Apt. 23  New Girl  Revenge Smash McPhee, Smash  Hannah Simone ,  New Girl  Dreama Walker Morris,  New Girl  FASHION Choice Miley Cyrus  Zooey Deschanel  Jennifer ', 'Curb Your Enthusiasm" "Girls" "Modern Family" "30 Rock" "Veep" Best Actress in a Comedy Series  Zooey Deschanel , " New Girl " Lena Dunham, "Girls" Edie Falco, "Nurse Jackie" Tina Fey, "30 Rock" Julia Louis-Dreyfus, "Veep ', 'of highest paid TV actresses. \' New Girl \' It\'s been a good year for new of them is the new Fox comedy, " New Girl ," which could land a best comedy nod and will likely earn star  Zooey Deschanel  a nomination for best actress in ', 'demanding more than $600,000 in attorney fees after settling a lawsuit with actress  Zooey Deschanel  for $100,000. Deschanel, star of the Fox show, " New Girl ," had filed a lawsuit in December 2010, claiming she had an oral contract with ', 'Zooey Deschanel  says she has no plans to become a mother.  The  " New Girl " star told Marie Claire in a recent interview that children are simply not her priority right now. "That\'s never been my focus ', "Isn't really her future either the quirky star hit sitcom  new girl  told Marie Claire magazine that having kids has never been is no time for dating these days but definitely be busy  new girl  was just renewed for a second season by fox.", "a baby. Isn't really her future either the quirky star hit sitcom new girl told Marie Claire magazine that having kids has never been a priority for her and probably never will be. She says work is her main focus patient now who is in -- process of getting divorced added that. She is no time for dating these days but -- definitely be busy new girl was just renewed for a second season by fox. ", "of marriage. Her publicist says the breakup is amicable split comes station l.'s career as soaring her new sitcom  new girl  is a hit for fox. And last month she sang the National Anthem at the World Series is the singer.", "amicable split comes -- station l.'s career as soaring her new sitcom new girl is a hit for fox. And last month she sang the National Anthem at the World Series -- -- is the singer. "]