['Olivia Munn \'s love for Wonder Woman may be no secret, but the actress doesn\'t Singapore on Tuesday to promote the season premiere of the HBO series " The Newsroom ," where she plays financial journalist Sloan Sabbith. She said she always ', 'HBO/AP Photo  The Newsroom  There was no room for  Aaron Sorkin \'s " The Newsroom " on the list though star  Jeff Daniels  did get a nom Wilson said. " Jeff Daniels  for sure, but \' The Newsroom \' is still so ', 'the contest for best drama series actor are Hugh Bonneville of "Downton Abbey"; Jon Hamm of "Mad Men";  Jeff Daniels  of " The Newsroom " and Damian Lewis of "Homeland," last year\'s winner. Kevin Bacon, one of the big-screen stars trying ', 'Lewis, "Homeland," Showtime; Kevin Spacey, "House of Cards," Netflix; Jon Hamm, "Mad Men," AMC;  Jeff Daniels , " The Newsroom ," HBO. Actress, Drama Series: Vera Farmiga, "Bates Motel," A&E; Michelle Dockery, "Downton Abbey ', 'Cards Outstanding Lead Actor in a Drama Series Hugh Bonneville, Downton Abbey Bryan Cranston, Breaking Bad  Jeff Daniels ,  The Newsroom  Jon Hamm, Mad Men Damian Lewis, Homeland Kevin Spacey, House of Cards Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Drama ', 'nominees announced Thursday morning are: Hugh Bonneville, "Downton Abbey"; Bryan Cranston, "Breaking Bad";  Jeff Daniels , " The Newsroom "; Jon Hamm, "Mad Men"; Damian Lewis, "Homeland"; Kevin Spacey, "House of Cards." The 65th Primetime ', 'Helen Mirren in "Phil Spector"; Holly Hunter in "Top of the Lake"; Shirley MacLaine in "Downton Abbey,"  Jeff Daniels  in " The Newsroom " and Kevin Bacon in "The Following." There are so many big names it could put the squeeze on TV-centric ', 'Game of Thrones," " The Newsroom " and "House of Cards" Wilson Damian Lewis, "Homeland";  Jeff Daniels , " The Newsroom "; Kevin Spacey, "House of Wilson expects Kevin Spacey and  Jeff Daniels  to score noms, even if their ', 'Facebook enhancements were coming to the iPhone, and  Aaron Sorkin  dissected the characters in HBO\'s " The Newsroom ." ABC News will be covering the event, starting tonight ', 'there may be no wedding bells for  Alison Pill  and Jay Baruchel. Us Weekly is one of the stars of HBO\'s " The Newsroom ," appeared on the red carpet Twitter followers . Read More About  Alison Pill \'s Twitter Gaffe "Yep. That ', 'Empire," "Downton Abbey" and newcomer, " The Newsroom ." Nemetz says "Homeland" stars Claire Danes likes of Jon Hamm, Bryan Cranston and newcomer  Jeff Daniels , star of " The Newsroom ." In the comedy category, the field is more ', 'control some think he had over the debate. Even actor  Jeff Daniels  jumped in to the Twitter fun last night, invoking his character in HBO\'s show \' The Newsroom \' saying, "If any of the Moderators are unable to moderate ', 'Angela Weiss/Getty Images  Alison Pill , a star in HBO\'s " The Newsroom ," mistakenly tweeted a topless storyline in the second episode of " The Newsroom " featured a not so tech savvy ', "anchor desk  Jeff Daniels  star's new HBO show  the newsroom  is doing created by  Aaron Sorkin  behind west time that  Aaron Sorkin  has written between me and  Emily Mortimer  who plays want hours.  Jeff Daniels  Hawaii five and him in  the newsroom  it. I thought ", "and more used to what it feels like behind the anchor desk Jeff Daniels star's new HBO show the newsroom -- is doing now right. Sort of -- somewhat familiar -- you play -- prime time cable anchor who's kind of trying to come back a little bit of a public meltdown. -- trying to put your career back on track movement yet he's he's he's he's he says some things that he probably shouldn't say don't. Maybe because he did the ends of kind of changing the directions career but he he he gets himself in some trouble when he opens his mouth. Ended this of course is created by Aaron Sorkin behind west wing social network sports night. And he really knows how to get inside these -- was it the premier lesson ", 'Keith Olbermann says that you know this is the second time that Aaron Sorkin has written about. His life this time and sports night Aaron says no no no -- sub base that anyone who did ', "In HBO's hot new drama of  the newsroom Emily Mortimer  plays an idealist and veteran producer who returns may just loved to hate Should lead anchor played by  Jeff Daniels  I want to show everybody clip on YouTube and your ", 'you may just loved to hate -- Should lead anchor played by Jeff Daniels -- I want to show everybody clip on YouTube and your relationship. I think most people here know that you and I ', 'in a drama series and the nominees are. Hugh Bonneville Downton Abbey. Bryan Cranston breaking bad and think  Jeff Daniels the newsroom . Jon Hamm mad men Damione Lewis homeland. And Kevin Spacey house of cards. The nominees for lead actress in ', 'are. Hugh Bonneville Downton Abbey. Bryan Cranston breaking bad and -- think Jeff Daniels the newsroom Jon Hamm mad men -- Damione Lewis homeland. And Kevin Spacey house of cards. The nominees for lead actress in a drama ', "Daniels Optimistic, But Will Believe a 'Dumb and Dumber' Sequel 'When He Sees It'", 'I say something wrong. And something you said about  aaron sorkin . He does flawed characters very well. will McAvoy How about a teedz? A tease, yeah. The new season of " the newsroom " this sunday night on hbo. Take the next tease, will ', 'getting back together, I say something wrong. And something you said about aaron sorkin . He does flawed characters very well. will McAvoy, very flawed. But some characters. I remember with "terms of endearment," I cheat on ', "Alison Pill  she is a star of the you guys watch that show here she is well. Good picture didn't exactly look like that she accidentally ", "Alison Pill she is a star of the -- -- you guys watch that show here she is well. Good picture didn't exactly look "]