['Eve Best is 42. Actor Robert Telfer ("Saved by the Bell") is 36. Country singer Zac Brown is 35. Actor  B . J .  Novak  (" The Office ") is 34. Actor Rico Rodriguez ("Modern Family") is 15. Aug. 1: Actor-director Geoffrey Holder is ', 'inspiration" - and Tom Arnold - "I loved Roger Ebert. He was a fan of film. Smart and fair. Sad." " The Office " star  Rainn Wilson  tweeted that he began watching Ebert in 1984, adding, "He was a good man & a fierce advocate for great film ', 'producer of NBC\'s  The Office , has confirmed that  Steve Carell \'s character back." RELATED:  Steve Carell  Opens Up About Decision to Leave \' The Office \' Daniels did say decision to close " The Office " after nine seasons ', 'told him about his struggles with gambling addiction.  Rainn Wilson , who made a name for himself playing Dwight Schrute on " The Office ," talked about his beliefs in the Ba\'hai religion ', 'courtyard, bamboo floors, and an in-ground heated pool with a luxurious tented cabana." 6.  John Krasinski  " The Office \'s"  John Krasinski  bought a two-bedroom, two bath home in West Hollywood in March 2006 for $1.05 million, just ', "don't want to get along with. Pam Beesley Halpert From ' The Office ' The most realistic portrayal of marriage and motherhood self-doubt, baby weight and all. Pam, played by  Jenna Fischer , is still doing everything as well as any of us can ", '(Image Credit: Ben Gabbe/Getty Images)  Ed Helms , who is best known for his work on television\'s " The Office " and for his role as Dr. Stu Price in "The Hangover" films, has declared that he is boycotting Chick-fil-A. The restaurant ', "Ricky Gervais Defends Controversial 'Life's Too Short,' 'Derek' British TV Shows", 'I\'d get Dustin Hoffman." " The Office " is what made Gervais\' career to the United States where actor  Steve Carell  took the starring role and Gervais journalist rubbed me up the wrong way, \' The Office \' had just broken, she said ', 'courtyard, bamboo floors, and an in-ground heated pool with a luxurious tented cabana." 5.  John Krasinski  " The Office \'s"  John Krasinski  bought a two-bedroom, two bath home in West Hollywood in March 2006 for $1.05 million, just ', 'Glenn Close, Alec Baldwin and  Steve Carell , Kate Winslet, Diane Lane Dunphy - MODERN FAMILY (ABC)  STEVE CARELL  / Michael Scott -  THE OFFICE  (NBC) JON CRYER / Alan Harper FOX) MODERN FAMILY (ABC)  THE OFFICE  (NBC)', "credibility for a sitcom to take notice now of course  the office . And now. You have to give us a little bit and what answer to that is but. I'll still be watching. But  Steve Carell  is yet He wanted to use this occasion to say about the ", "What the answer to that is but. I'll still be watching. But Steve Carell is -- yet He wanted to use this occasion to say about the what would be like the final word for. I'll ", "straight into the tough questions and it's really key and I've heard it it's room. I mean we all know you're leaving  the office  after 100 years that's right where you have there you have been Michael Scott. And I swear me me me and Clinton and ", "heard it it's -- room. I mean we all know you're leaving the office after 100 years that's right where you have -- there you have been Michael Scott. -- -- -- -- -- -- -- ", "Steve Carell  Interview: 'The Office' Favorite Dishes on 'Hope Springs,' 17-Year Marriage Anniversary", 'carell here. Reall loved him in " the office ." He\'s back on the brig screen in a movie called serenade. Sex. We should just get our things and go. But  steve carell  is right here, right now. Thanks for coming in. Thanks ', 'song, serenade. Sex. We should just get our things and go. But steve carell is right here, right now. Thanks for coming in. Thanks for having me. You play this therapist dead on straight. Very straight. ', 'in anchorman. And also the forty year old virgin. Now  Steve Carell  and Paul Rudd are reunited and you know what it feels And we have to say the Steve break and our heart leaving  the office . I mean. That was so prompted it. They wanted to do ', 'them together in anchorman. And also the forty year old virgin. Now Steve Carell and Paul Rudd are reunited and you know what it feels so that they are starring in the new movie dinner -- ', "the people that married agents publicists they have. I hear each on big TV shows network T sir I'm that you mother of  the office  there. handled billions box office read. The the And you brought the market back to us and then you say to all the people ", "big TV shows network T -- sir I'm that you mother of the office -- there. -- handled -- billions box office read. The -- the -- And you brought the market back to us and ", "is one of the keys to a happy online. to start with  Rainn Wilson  you may know him He plays Dwight the door on  the office . He's just started a new website called soul pancake ", "the keys to a happy -- online. -- to start with -- Rainn Wilson you may know him He plays Dwight -- -- the -- door on the office . He's just started a new website called soul pancake dot com. Dear Steve. You use it to expect that the. For all ", "May Wilson of  the office  fame. Has launch Harris sat salad  Rainn Wilson  for our series on the set of  the office  with the show's intriguing cast member  Rainn Wilson . This is  Ed Helms  but even smiles placed around  the office  Wilson plays ", "man and gave He has some serious soul searching. May Wilson of the office fame. Has launch an on one mission to answer some of life's biggest questions questions involving god faith and family. Questions He believes too often are missing from the daily conversation. The web sites now without humor but it's also not frivolous Dan Harris sat salad Rainn Wilson for our series -- matters. Air and here ago this is. This is the land of candy in Munich once we're on the set of the office with the show's strangest and most intriguing cast member Rainn Wilson . This is Ed Helms but even smiles like Ed -- the threat. That's why would He do that I keep various weaponry strategically placed around the office Wilson plays of power door to light application fruit. It's better be hurt by someone you know accidentally. And as stranger. Our "]