['victory over the San Antonio Spurs. In a game that went to  the wire , the Heat beat the Spurs 95-88. LeBron James killed who for a decade played Carmella to his Tony on the hit  HBO  show "The Sopranos," had to say: "I am shocked and ', 'Gandolfini shined in the  HBO  series "The Sopranos footsteps. Omar Little, " The Wire " The  HBO  drama " The Wire " was full of complex moral code (played by  Michael K .  Williams ). Did he kill people the lead on another  HBO  drama with great results ', 'says it all began with an overdue $1,037.42 water bill. Burton lost his job playing "Shamrock" McGinty on  HBO \'s " The Wire " when the show went off the air. He couldn\'t afford the bill and claims it was incorrectly inflated to begin ', "were able to see the British actor  Idris Elba  resurrect to life in the 2013 film executed at the end of season three in  HBO 's  The Wire  . Fans of course had seen Elba unethical drug family underboss in  The Wire  , del Toro's Pacific Rim video ", 'heat, going to go, as David Axelrod said, right down to  the wire . BARNES: No, absolutely. And as Ax said in your segment great. I really like that kind of humor in politics. And  HBO \'s "Curb Your Enthusiasm" is fantastic. STEPHANOPOULOS ', 'A Gun Control Reboot?, Star of Romney Ad Got Govt. Help, Rubio to Campaign for Romney in Nevada (PM Note)', 'Holding Fundraiser with the Cast of \' The Wire \' - The Obama campaign is holding a fundraiser with the cast of  HBO \'s award-winning show " The Wire ," according to an invitation obtained ', '"The Game\'s Out There, And It\'s Play or Be Played" - Obama campaign holding fundraiser with the cast of The Wire ', 'fundraiser with the cast of  HBO \'s award-winning show " The Wire ," according to an invitation told Bill Simmons that  The Wire , which ran from 2002 through unclear who will attend  the Wire  fundraiser, but in the ', 'the numbers! That\'s in the fourth season of \' The Wire ,\'" said Henry Funes, a New York City public school teacher for 24 years, who is a big fan of [" The Wire " creator]  David Simon . "He had it right, man. The mayor, Bloomberg ', 'on the hit  HBO  series " The Wire ," has discovered HERE for \' The Wire \': Where assassin on the  HBO  show is working episodes of \' The Wire \' in which looked on \' The Wire .\'" According dinner."  Felicia Pearson  Fighting creator  David Simon  has come ', 'pronounce our I\'s or T\'s." Baltimore, Maryland " The Wire " introduced an audience to New Amsterdam, the docks novelistic approach taken by former Baltimore Sun reporter  David Simon  gave the  HBO  cult series authenticity that can cloud the beauty ', 'diehard fans of  HBO \'s " The Wire ," actor  Wendell Pierce  might forever of the new  HBO  show " Treme," by " The Wire " creator  David Simon . "Treme a fan of " The Wire ," this is April 11 on  HBO  for the premiere ', 'years never happened." Her foil at the hearing was  David Simon , an erstwhile newspaper reporter and, more recently, the creator of  HBO \'s " The Wire " , which took a hyper-local and exhaustive look ', "Lisa Davis in New York. Now on  HBO 's  the wire  He plays a ruthless gangster about the very talented actor  Jamie Hector  the place Marla Stansfield on  HBO 's  the wire  Jamie thanks so much for being ", "I'm Lisa Davis in New York. Now on HBO's the wire He plays a ruthless gangster. But in reality He is anything but he's balancing his acting -- helping kids learn self discipline and confidence. For talking about the very talented actor Jamie Hector the place Marla Stansfield on HBO's the wire Jamie thanks so much for being here today thank you leave. -- out how to ask first how did you get that role on the wire hadn't happened. Flat out you know I was part of a short -- qualify the -- -- the produce is on the ", "thank you really -- good guy. Right and you can check out the wire on HBO's Sundays at 9 PM and of course on HBO on demand. And that is let -- be happy today that make sure to check us out on demand that the entertainment ", "could be on the record as saying I'm an enormous fan of  the wire  and used specifically. So I'm very excited for the new show which starts on NH BO right. Yes today. is Sunday and  HBO . It is a these series but I didn't. About. Post-Katrina ", "could be on the record as saying I'm an enormous fan of the wire and used specifically. So I'm very excited for the new show which starts on NH BO right. Yes today. -- is Sunday and HBO . It is a these series but I didn't. About. Post-Katrina New Orleans and will also -- the city but what we're really. ", 'elba, who was seen on the big screen with beyonce. "Pro metious" and "thor." And on your television screen, " the wire " and "luther." And now, he is stacker pentecost, leader of the resistance in "pacific rim." Today, there\'s ', 'screen with beyonce. "Pro metious" and "thor." And on your television screen, " the wire " and "luther." And now, he is stacker pentecost, leader of the resistance in "pacific rim." Today, there\'s not a man nor woman ', "trade that's.  HBO 's Emmy award winning drama  the wire  it's set in young teacher in  the wire . Is loosely Executive producer  David Simon  who spent thirteen this season of  the wire  is based. Says years. Says  the wire  is not a fair ", "of one stands effort coldly realistic take on the drug trade that's. HBO's Emmy award winning drama the wire it's set in Baltimore -- writers live. This season that's cast -- -- on the dysfunction. In city schools in particular middle ", "Is an important role of Vincent Chase for the  HBO  series entourage but aging isn't just an actor in the with society. Right and you talk with the producer of  the wire  because he gets and about two and Baltimore look there ", "Is an important role of Vincent Chase for the HBO series entourage but aging -- -- isn't just an actor in the director and producer is not afraid to tackle sensitive subject. ", "television. Omar little Omar is an openly gay gangster on  HBO 's  the wire  which airs its final episode tonight. Barack Obama Omar little arguably this standout character in  HBO 's  the wire . Which will open its thoughtful you're not nearly ", "characters on television. Omar little Omar is an openly gay gangster on HBO's the wire which airs its final episode tonight. Barack Obama has called Omar his favorite character on television so tonight we profile the actor ", "Williams is the actor behind. Omar little arguably this standout character in HBO's the wire Which will open its thoughtful you're not nearly as scary as an accurate and and a -- worth the only group. He ", "actually standing there in the black cat. It was one of my all time favorite TV there here's a guy named Omar from  HBO 's  the wire . This character is a really a jumble of contradictions on the one hand he's a ruthless killer on the other hand ", "my all time favorite TV there here's a guy named Omar from HBO's the wire This character is a really a jumble of contradictions on the one hand he's a ruthless killer on the other hand he's "]