['  Reuters fileIt\'s not uncommon for Facebook scam artists to tempt people with fancy  gadgets, but usually, said items already exist. However, a recent scam  invites unsuspecting users to Like and Share pages that offer a chance  to test and keep Sony\'s upcoming PlayStation 4 and Microsoft\'s  theoretical Xbox 720. The PS4 scam displayed what appears to be an upside-down PS2 next to a  mockup of a PS4 controller, which makes the scam instantly ridiculous.  Sony has not yet shown the PS4 console,  but the company displayed the real PS4 controller weeks ago. While the  scammers later updated the page with an accurate controller, the console  image is absolute nonsense. In addition to the absurd photo and the amateurish writing, the page\'s  URL is not the appropriate format for big businesses, but rather  suggests that an average user designed the page. This did not prevent  over 60,000 people from collectively liking and sharing the page, also  sharing some of their personal information in the process. Perhaps even sillier is the Xbox 720  scam, apparently perpetrated by the same people, which cropped up  around the same time. Microsoft has not yet announced any kind of Xbox  360 successor, and even if it had, the product would probably not look  like a digital recorder turned on its side. This time, a comparatively  paltry 15,000 souls fell for the trick. [See also: 5 Things the PlayStation 4 Needs] Facebook scammers who want users to Like and Share pages can\'t extract  that much information from the victims, making this scam more of a  nuisance than an actual security threat. The real issue will probably  come later, when the scammers contact the "lucky" people selected to  test the systems, and pester them for contact information and, more than  likely, money or credit card numbers. Avoiding scams  like this is extremely simple. Check to make sure that the page in  question is official (if it\'s riddled with typos and fake photos, it\'s  probably not), and attempt to verify promotions via a company\'s official  social media channels. Otherwise, the best way to get a next-gen game  console is, as always, to save your pennies and wait for the launch.Follow Marshall Honorof @marshallhonorof. Follow us @TechNewsDaily, Facebook or Google+.10 Best Video Game SoundtracksHow Social Media Puts Your Identity at Risk6 Best Facebook Parental Control Software Packages', 'Copyright 2013 TechNewsDaily, a TechMediaNetwork company. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.']