['no peace for Mystic Falls. The cast and crew of " The Vampire Diaries " gave shrieking Comic-Con fans a taste of what\'s panel by co-stars Kat Graham and Candice Accola. " The Vampire Diaries " returns Oct. 10.', 'Walking Dead," \'\'Game of Thrones," \'\'True Blood" and "Once Upon a Time," as well as new shows like " The Vampire Diaries " spin-off "The Originals," android buddy cop drama "Almost Human" and "Marvel\'s Agents of S.H.I ', 'Country singer Shannon Brown is 40. Singer Michelle Williams (Destiny\'s Child) is 33. Actor Paul Wesley (" The Vampire Diaries ") is 31. Actor Daniel Radcliffe ("Harry Potter" movies) is 24. Drummer Neil Perry of The Band Perry is 23 ', 'Other shows set to be teased this week at Comic-Con, which officially kicks off Thursday, include the " The Vampire Diaries " spin-off "The Originals," apocalyptic sci-fi drama "The 100," telekinetic thriller "The Tomorrow People ', 'Day website. There, they can donate or find out more information on the campaign. Kat Graham, who stars in " The Vampire Diaries ," said she would take her engagement ring, because, "It\'s the one thing for me that means the most - it means ', 'Shannon Richardson has appeared on television, including a stint as a zombie on "The Walking Dead" and a role in " The Vampire Diaries ." "It still seems like a bad dream sometimes, that it really didn\'t happen," Nathaniel Richardson added ', 'to just keep putting [directing] off for these fun and incredible opportunities." Ian Somerhalder In May,  the  " Vampire Diaries " actor told MTV News playing the billionaire tycoon would be "an amazing thing": "One interesting thing is ', 'Spider Man 3." Actor Steve McQueen\'s grandson, Steven R. McQueen, plays Jeremy Gilbert on the CW drama " The Vampire Diaries ." Actor Donald Sutherland is the father of "24? star Kiefer Sutherland. John Aniston, who is best known for ', "Katie Cassidy Reportedly in Running to Play Anastasia in '50 Shades of Grey' Movie", 'Grey are also flying. Names on the list include Ryan Gosling, Zac Efron, Alex Pettyfer and Ian Somerhalder of " The Vampire Diaries ." "Magic Mike" star Channing Tatum was recently linked to the part, but said in a recent interview that he ', 'they were an Austrian tradition and helped calm the animals. 5. \'Vampire Diaries\' Takes 5 Teen Choice Awards " The Vampire Diaries " racked up five trophies at the Teen Choice Awards on Sunday night. Pop star Demi Lovato, who hosted the award ', 'Hunger Games." The TV series " The Vampire Diaries " picked up several awards Show, Sci-Fi/Fantasy: " The Vampire Diaries " Choice TV Drama: "Pretty Fantasy: Nina Dobrev, " The Vampire Diaries " Choice TV Actor, Sci-Fi ', 'Choice Awards. The CW drama " The Vampire Diaries " and Fox\'s "American Idol Time Supernatural True Blood  The Vampire Diaries  Choice TV Actor: Fantasy Supernatural Ian Somerhalder,  The Vampire Diaries  Paul Wesley,  The Vampire Diaries', "should do is we should do this from the Vatican will unlock the secrets of both. We'll both do the Vatican and  the vampire diaries  and those are wrong and I never kind of thought that it's been a long time done done something semi professional ", "will unlock the secrets of both. We'll both do the Vatican and the vampire diaries and those are wrong and -- I never kind of thought that it's been a long time -- done done something semi ", 'rather than arresting him, police begin to focus on her. 35i-year-old aspiring actress whose had bit parts in " the vampire diaries " and the walking dead. A week larry shannon is taken away in handcuffs. When you first heard that your wife had ', 'to focus on her. 35i-year-old aspiring actress whose had bit parts in " the vampire diaries " and the walking dead. A week larry shannon is taken away in handcuffs. When you first heard that your wife had implicated ', 'department announced the bombs on deal on Thursday that gives right to street hockey. Shows like Gossip Girl.  The vampire diaries  and the profits from the CW network. That extra cash to help off the girls billion dollar award everything maybe ', 'Thursday that gives -- right to street hockey. Shows like Gossip Girl. The vampire diaries and the profits from the CW network. That extra cash to help -- off the girls billion dollar award everything maybe not ', "pain from Gossip Girl I get every edition of hello and OK there is I know what you did this summer. And him to  the vampire diaries  marks. To a long list of book titles that locked up eighteen slots on the New York Times children's best seller ", "there is I know what you did this summer. And him to the vampire diaries marks. -- To a long list of book titles that locked up eighteen slots on the New York Times children's best seller ", "it came from Gossip Girl. I get every edition of hello okay there is I know what you did this summer and him to  the vampire diaries  marks. To a long list of book titles that locked up eighteen slots on the New York Times children's best seller ", "there is I know what you did this summer and him to the vampire diaries marks. -- To a long list of book titles that locked up eighteen slots on the New York Times children's best seller "]