['some hot water. Not a good thing to say. On the show  the voice  he said that. I hate this country weeks he made these last were made purely out of frustration. Being part of  the voice  I am passionately invested in my team I wanna see my part ', "some hot water. Not a good thing to say. On the show the voice he said that. I hate this country -- weeks he made these comments he -- them after things didn't go his way ", '-- last -- were made purely out of frustration. Being part of the voice I am passionately invested in my team I wanna see my part of succeed. So I guess -- -- blow off steam ', "the boys. And of course dancing with. Yeah  the voice  is basically NBC's competition and show our American Idol it has an interesting mix of judges  Christina Aguilera Adam Levine  Green  Blake Shelton . Some itching to see how they and then of ", "the -- we have the boys. And of course dancing with. Yeah the voice is basically NBC's competition and show our answer to the -- factor American Idol it has an interesting mix of judges Christina Aguilera Adam Levine -- -- Green Blake Shelton Some itching to see how they -- and then of course Dancing With The Stars premiere at this weekend. It's -- interesting ", 'your cover story at all about  Christina Aguilera  is next. Chapter like she did have a rough year. She  Christina Aguilera  had a very rough here I mean us after you start her new on  the voice  which was a huge shocker you ', "for being here let's start with your cover story at all about Christina Aguilera is next. Chapter like she did have a rough year. She Christina Aguilera had a very rough here I mean it's stemmed from you know in September of 2010. She got divorced from her husband ", 'Eva Longoria changes dresses 11 times and Christina Aguilera  shows off her curves at the ALMA Awards', "love to do best and you know it's wonderful to be able to share. And nurture and care for a team. Team my team on  the voice . But it means so much. So much more to be here stories like this today landing on my humanitarian effort and using my ", 'share. And nurture and care for a team. Team my team on the voice . But it means so much. So much more to be -- here -- -- stories like this today landing on my humanitarian ', "we'll keep you Yeah. black.  Christina Aguilera  obviously.  The voice  is doing great everybody's another one of the judges in  the voice  is a huge hit right now for bats this has yet control.  Adam Levine  in the crew is sticking to ", "what's happening in of course we'll keep you -- Yeah. -- black. Christina Aguilera obviously. The voice is doing great everybody's loving this show. And -- a big part the show -- there is indeed in turn one important I mean is another one of the judges in the voice is a huge hit right now for NBC and everybody over there is thrilled about it they really needed a big head. What sources are telling us is that Christina -- a real deep on sat and constantly once -- -- shot because she thinks that she looks very heavy on camera. She's very. She's very tight about her image she wants to look at bats this has yet -- -- control. Adam Levine in the crew is sticking to themselves come -- let's go -- economic. So there's some problems there that He wants to ", 'being truly honest to your audience always wins.  Christina aguilera . Let\'s see the new photos right here. New or nude She\'s coming back to the -- and going back to " the voice ." She looks amazing but she looks healthy. She\'curvy ', 'ironic? Absolutely confronting -- being truly honest to your audience always wins. Christina aguilera . Let\'s see the new photos right here. New or nude. New but she\'s showing off her new body. There we go. Wow! She looks she does. Yeah, shooting a music video. She\'s coming back to the -- and going back to " the voice ." She looks amazing but she looks healthy. She\'curvy. She works hard for that. Show it off. I\'m all for it. Also, she ', "winners. The music awards this year. The big winners were  Blake Shelton  and his wife Miranda Lambert Blake walked with three has a voice no pun intended. Hello I'm nineteen.  The voice  right I think does a great job on that shows we understand ", "-- being winners. The music awards this year. The big winners were Blake Shelton and his wife Miranda Lambert -- Blake walked with three awards including that topic -- which -- entertainer of the year so he's certainly proved everybody that he has a voice no pun intended. Hello I'm nineteen. The voice right I think does a great job on that shows -- -- -- -- -- we understand less and maybe. Some summer ", "him a lot and we I had an who unremitting. Lambert and  Blake Shelton  our country's power couple. He's also one of the judges on  the voice  but sounds like he'd be wise to keep his round critiquing ", "lot and we I had an who unremitting. -- -- Lambert and Blake Shelton our country's power couple. He's also one of the judges on the voice but sounds like he'd be wise to keep his -- round -- critiquing the nanny. Did he make comments to make suggestions. ", 'a generation of other singers from Mariah Carey the  Christina Aguilera . The success was hurt as many view held by her long think that will never get to hear that voice again.  the voice  students on the same so many including myself rooting ', '-- and influenced a generation of other singers from Mariah Carey the Christina Aguilera . The success was hurt as many view held by her long and very public struggle with drugs she. Admitted using cocaine marijuana ', "an that's that's very very true speed of reality.  Blake Shelton  Miranda Lambert is one of the country's huge this couple get always get a lot of buzz and now blades show  the voice  is starting back up again Aniston has a secret weapon ", "are made an -- that's that's very very true speed of reality. Blake Shelton Miranda Lambert is one of the country's huge this couple get always get a lot of buzz and now blades show the voice is starting back up again Aniston has a secret weapon there's a secret -- and that is senator. Be joining the group ", 'years ago Jennifer Lopez and  Adam Levine  two years ago. People had written American Idol weird totally and  Adam Levine  its Shameless the scarlet Ibis deserved which works very hard to  Adam Levine  thanks to  the voice . Being the hope that the judges ', "reality shows yesterday yes Jennifer Lopez two years ago Jennifer Lopez and Adam Levine two years ago. People had written -- off their careers -- yeah you know there are done that's what -- -- said. American Idol -- -- weird totally and Adam Levine -- its -- Shameless -- the scarlet Ibis. And a little biased think what we've got myself come on if you look ", 'of the world very well deserved which works very hard to -- Adam Levine thanks to the voice . Being the hope -- -- -- -- that the judges on the voice once again to major singles. On the on the radio this year. And they won best -- First kind of never won ', "would probably rather forget. And I am. Man. She has  the voice  of an Angel but her actions She was incapacitated whatsoever. She was just didn't talk Early Tuesday morning  Christina Aguilera  and her boyfriend Matthew Butler were pulled over in ", "remarkable singer would probably rather forget. And I am. Man. She has the voice of an Angel but her actions -- -- -- She was incapacitated. She was not cooperative and she would not belligerent in any way whatsoever. She was just didn't talk -- Early Tuesday morning Christina Aguilera and her boyfriend Matthew Butler were pulled over in West Hollywood for suspected -- -- Police say Aguilera was drunk in the "]