['mainstream he gets,  Blake Shelton  will never be your West Coast filming " The Voice ," the show that added. Related: " The Voice \'s"  Adam Levine  is Engaged to Behati wake up?\'" Read:  Blake Shelton  to Officiate Kelly ', 'Kambouris/Getty Images)  Adam Levine  went old school when Maroon 5 singer and " The Voice " judge, got engaged Related: All About  Adam Levine \'s Fiancee, Behati keep her safe. Watch:  Adam Levine  Is Offically Off the ', 'Dimitrios Kambouris/Getty Images)  Adam Levine  and Victoria\'s Secret model Behati together - they\'re planning to wed. " Adam Levine  and his girlfriend Behati Prinsloo engaged to be married," a rep for " The Voice " judge, 34, told People magazine ', 'Sorry, ladies, but  Adam Levine  is off the market. The Maroon 5 singer\'s representative Secret. Levine also is a judge on the NBC singing series " The Voice ." The Grammy Award-winning Maroon 5 last year released ', 'success.\' ... To sell more records, I don\'t even need to. I\'m selling records."  Christina Aguilera  In 2011, Kelly Osbourne slammed  the  " Voice " coach, calling her "fat," but Aguilera, 32, didn\'t respond. "I\'ve always been ', 'Adam Levine  lost two of his team members Tuesday night on " The Voice ," but it was his comment their elimination. As host  Carson Daly  stretched out the moment backstage at a taping of " The Voice " in Los Angeles Monday ', '(Photo credit: Xtina/Twitter)  Christina Aguilera  has dealt with more than her fair share of body bullying her critics by Tweeting this photo! On Wednesday, " The Voice " judge flaunted her fit physique on the seaside set ', 'confirmed that her friend and fellow Nashville singer  Blake Shelton  will be officiating the ceremony. Clarkson, 30, told about his status to marry couples wasn\'t returned. " The Voice " judge, 36, has always been a big supporter of Clarkson\'s ', 'curvy women, from  Christina Aguilera  to Christina Hendricks breaking the mold:  Christina Aguilera Christina Aguilera  struggled to stay but her fellow " The Voice " judge, Maroon 5 front man  Adam Levine , stood up for the ', 'Nashville on Thursday night and airing live on ABC.  Blake Shelton  and Miranda Lambert, the reigning King and Queen of not been on the road as much due to his commitments to  The Voice , Blake said he tries to represent country music as best ', 'accepted their trophies: -  Blake Shelton  was absolutely shocked a coach on NBC\'s " The Voice ," but he stressed that Though being on " The Voice " takes away from Shelton trophy with her husband  Blake Shelton  for co-writing "Over ', 'and airing live on ABC.  Blake Shelton  and Miranda Lambert to his commitments to  The Voice , Blake said he tries he\'d had a few drinks,  the Voice  coach expressed surprise On My Mind/Crazy" - Blake Shelton  & Keith Urban, "Whiskey ', 'Christopher Polk/NBCUniversal/Getty Images)  Christina Aguilera  may be a judge on " The Voice ," but don\'t expect to ever catch her watching Cowell\'s tough commentary. "I wanted to do \' The Voice \' to show that we can be positive. We don\'t ', "hope she's happy.  Adam levine , we showed this the before the finals on  the voice . He's having a hard needs to stop dumping on  adam levine , because we know what it a little better.  Adam levine  is not the problem ", "are happy. They say they are all happy. I hope she's happy. Adam levine , we showed this the other day. We showed him saying, I hate this country. Let's show it right now, right before the finals on the voice . He's having a hard time coming up with an apology on this. One, everybody needs to stop dumping on adam levine , because we know what he actually meant. Clearly. Yes. Which means I am disappointed in the way the country voted on this ", 'know what he meant. He could have handled it a little better. Adam levine is not the problem. Right? He should have apologized for a poor choice of words. Is amanda bynes the problem? Amanda bynes, ', 'some hot water. Not a good thing to say. On the show  the voice  he said that. I hate this country weeks he made these last were made purely out of frustration. Being part of  the voice  I am passionately invested in my team I wanna see my part ', "some hot water. Not a good thing to say. On the show the voice he said that. I hate this country -- weeks he made these comments he -- them after things didn't go his way ", '-- last -- were made purely out of frustration. Being part of the voice I am passionately invested in my team I wanna see my part of succeed. So I guess -- -- blow off steam ', "the boys. And of course dancing with. Yeah  the voice  is basically NBC's competition and show our American Idol it has an interesting mix of judges  Christina Aguilera Adam Levine  Green  Blake Shelton . Some itching to see how they and then of ", "the -- we have the boys. And of course dancing with. Yeah the voice is basically NBC's competition and show our answer to the -- factor American Idol it has an interesting mix of judges Christina Aguilera Adam Levine -- -- Green Blake Shelton Some itching to see how they -- and then of course Dancing With The Stars premiere at this weekend. It's -- interesting ", 'your cover story at all about  Christina Aguilera  is next. Chapter like she did have a rough year. She  Christina Aguilera  had a very rough here I mean us after you start her new on  the voice  which was a huge shocker you ', "for being here let's start with your cover story at all about Christina Aguilera is next. Chapter like she did have a rough year. She Christina Aguilera had a very rough here I mean it's stemmed from you know in September of 2010. She got divorced from her husband ", 'Eva Longoria changes dresses 11 times and Christina Aguilera  shows off her curves at the ALMA Awards', "love to do best and you know it's wonderful to be able to share. And nurture and care for a team. Team my team on  the voice . But it means so much. So much more to be here stories like this today landing on my humanitarian effort and using my ", 'share. And nurture and care for a team. Team my team on the voice . But it means so much. So much more to be -- here -- -- stories like this today landing on my humanitarian ', "we'll keep you Yeah. black.  Christina Aguilera  obviously.  The voice  is doing great everybody's another one of the judges in  the voice  is a huge hit right now for bats this has yet control.  Adam Levine  in the crew is sticking to ", "what's happening in of course we'll keep you -- Yeah. -- black. Christina Aguilera obviously. The voice is doing great everybody's loving this show. And -- a big part the show -- there is indeed in turn one important I mean is another one of the judges in the voice is a huge hit right now for NBC and everybody over there is thrilled about it they really needed a big head. What sources are telling us is that Christina -- a real deep on sat and constantly once -- -- shot because she thinks that she looks very heavy on camera. She's very. She's very tight about her image she wants to look at bats this has yet -- -- control. Adam Levine in the crew is sticking to themselves come -- let's go -- economic. So there's some problems there that He wants to ", 'being truly honest to your audience always wins.  Christina aguilera . Let\'s see the new photos right here. New or nude She\'s coming back to the -- and going back to " the voice ." She looks amazing but she looks healthy. She\'curvy ', 'ironic? Absolutely confronting -- being truly honest to your audience always wins. Christina aguilera . Let\'s see the new photos right here. New or nude. New but she\'s showing off her new body. There we go. Wow! She looks she does. Yeah, shooting a music video. She\'s coming back to the -- and going back to " the voice ." She looks amazing but she looks healthy. She\'curvy. She works hard for that. Show it off. I\'m all for it. Also, she ']