['boys had a crush on  Danica McKellar  when she played 1980s hit show, " The Wonder Years ." McKellar is PHOTOS: Stars of \' The Wonder Years \': Where Are They RELATED: \' The Wonder Years \' Star,  Danica McKellar , Returns to Acting ', 'went off the air: RELATED: \'NSYNC: Where Are They Now? Ben Savage Savage, the younger brother of " Wonder Years " star  Fred Savage , has appeared in a handful of movies and TV shows since "Boy Meets World" ended. He was in the critically ', 'Cindy Ord/Getty Images)  Danica McKellar , who played Winnie Cooper on 1990s hit, " The Wonder Years ," is back on the silver screen Thursday. PHOTOS: STARS OF " THE WONDER YEARS :" WHERE ARE THEY NOW? The ', 'went off the air: RELATED: \'NSYNC: Where Are They Now? Ben Savage Savage, the younger brother of " Wonder Years " star  Fred Savage , has appeared in a handful of movies and TV shows since "Boy Meets World" ended. He was in the critically ', 'best -- play. Three-Year-Olds The Magic Year If the first three years of a child\'s life are often called " the wonder years ," then this fourth year should be dubbed "the magic year." Yes, there\'s something charming about every age ', 'themselves in trouble with drugs, alcohol and the law,  Danica McKellar  is someone who escaped the perils of child stardom Hollywood 20 years ago as Winnie Cooper on TV\'s " The Wonder Years ," and has since appeared on "The West Wing" and ', 'neuroscience at the University of California at Los Angeles.  Danica McKellar , who played the character Winnie on the hit TV series " The Wonder Years ," also attended UCLA to pursue studies in mathematics ', 'worlds." The Years After \' The Wonder Years \' Mayim Bialik isn\'t the couple from the hit TV series " The Wonder Years ," they were heading in different character she played on " The Wonder Years ,"  Danica McKellar  went in search of new opportunities ', 'through adolescence and the two adults getting through leading the free world. It\'s a little "West Wing" meets " The Wonder Years ," with a little "Twilight Zone" tossed in. "The show is designed to take the viewers on the full journey of watching ', 'Growing Pains." The M*A*S*H Debate Puberty is also devastating to a show, Hein said, pointing out  Fred Savage  on the  The Wonder Years  and Soleil Moon Frye on Punky Brewster as examples of aging youngsters who lost their appeal. Similarly ', 'it. Stage and TV CreditsThe late actress also appeared in several TV shows, including Buffy the Vampire Slayer,  The Wonder Years , Roseanne, Ellen, and Married With Children. Prior to her screen career, Howard toured with a children s theater ', 'hand to lead the fun. Stein, famous for his monotone voice in movies like Ferris Bueller s Day Off and the TV show  The Wonder Years , is no stranger to the GOP he was a speechwriter and lawyer for Republican presidents Nixon and Ford. Tuesday night ', "Danica in the Keller grew up before our sizes yes Winnie Cooper on the hit show  the wonder years  and now she's become something of a man. Wonder she graduated so vocal lobby with a degree nmap from UCLA no last. And has ", "grew up before our sizes yes Winnie Cooper on the hit show the wonder years and now she's become something of a man. Wonder she graduated so vocal lobby with a degree nmap from UCLA no last. ", 'surprising revelation from  danica McKellar . So many watched her winnie cooper on " the wonder years ." Now she is a best-selling crush on on tv\'s " the wonder years ." Insensitive, gutless 2. Reporter: Now  danica mckellar  is turning heads for ', "grew up in front of huge audiences on ABC's hit show  the wonder years . And today nearly fifteen years later she's back we I'll remember you beating Kevin aren't on on  the wonder years  on his SATs can't let you as well how did you become ", "Keller grew up in front of huge audiences on ABC's hit show the wonder years And today nearly fifteen years later she's back all grown up and not and look what we might have expected for her iconic character Winnie Cooper. She's tackling an issue that many girls struggle with. Mathematics. We're so happy to be joined by Danica has she's the author of a new book called math doesn't -- how to survive middle school math without losing your mind or breaking a -- -- I don't. Dedicated to -- for being here thank -- grabbing. Those in congress we I'll remember you beating Kevin aren't on on the wonder years on his SATs -- can't let you -- as well how did you become involved in -- I think passionate enough for ", 'You know him as the dad in  the wonder years  now  Dan Lauria  is starring on Broadway. As about the legendary Green Bay Packers. Just hanging out of their slant you know He was a legend and ', 'You know him as the dad in the wonder years -- now Dan Lauria is starring on Broadway. As -- about the legendary Green Bay Packers. Just hanging out of their slant you know He was ', "they're not cool. Danica has been a successful actress you may recognize her here is one of the stars of TV's  the wonder years  it's. But her real passion is mathematics and so she took time away from her acting career to trying to convince ", "you may recognize her here is one of the stars of TV's the wonder years it's. But her real passion is mathematics and so she took time away from her acting career to trying to convince young ", "I'm joined by a man who may be familiar to lot of you  Dan Lauria  is best known for playing Jack Arnold this early dad on  the wonder years . And He can soon be seen in the film the spirit which ", 'joined by a man who may be familiar to lot of you Dan Lauria is best known for playing Jack Arnold this early dad on the wonder years . And He can soon be seen in the film the spirit which opens on Christmas Day. Dan while benefit matters now thank ', "the beloved. Winnie Cooper on  wonder years  Jenna did thank you so much for with you as Winnie Cooper on show  wonder years  and it. She's got into acting played it up from the west wing to  the wonder years  you are sort of the Smart girl ", 'the characters that you played it up from the west wing to the wonder years you are -- sort of the Smart girl and yet you know you posed in a very. Sexy. Photos spread for Maxim ']