["could be on the record as saying I'm an enormous fan of  the wire  and used specifically. So I'm very excited for the new show which starts on NH BO right. Yes today. is Sunday and  HBO . It is a these series but I didn't. About. Post-Katrina ", "could be on the record as saying I'm an enormous fan of the wire and used specifically. So I'm very excited for the new show which starts on NH BO right. Yes today. -- is Sunday and HBO . It is a these series but I didn't. About. Post-Katrina New Orleans and will also -- the city but what we're really. ", 'elba, who was seen on the big screen with beyonce. "Pro metious" and "thor." And on your television screen, " the wire " and "luther." And now, he is stacker pentecost, leader of the resistance in "pacific rim." Today, there\'s ', 'screen with beyonce. "Pro metious" and "thor." And on your television screen, " the wire " and "luther." And now, he is stacker pentecost, leader of the resistance in "pacific rim." Today, there\'s not a man nor woman ', "trade that's.  HBO 's Emmy award winning drama  the wire  it's set in young teacher in  the wire . Is loosely Executive producer  David Simon  who spent thirteen this season of  the wire  is based. Says years. Says  the wire  is not a fair ", "of one stands effort coldly realistic take on the drug trade that's. HBO's Emmy award winning drama the wire it's set in Baltimore -- writers live. This season that's cast -- -- on the dysfunction. In city schools in particular middle ", "Is an important role of Vincent Chase for the  HBO  series entourage but aging isn't just an actor in the with society. Right and you talk with the producer of  the wire  because he gets and about two and Baltimore look there ", "Is an important role of Vincent Chase for the HBO series entourage but aging -- -- isn't just an actor in the director and producer is not afraid to tackle sensitive subject. ", "television. Omar little Omar is an openly gay gangster on  HBO 's  the wire  which airs its final episode tonight. Barack Obama Omar little arguably this standout character in  HBO 's  the wire . Which will open its thoughtful you're not nearly ", "characters on television. Omar little Omar is an openly gay gangster on HBO's the wire which airs its final episode tonight. Barack Obama has called Omar his favorite character on television so tonight we profile the actor ", "Williams is the actor behind. Omar little arguably this standout character in HBO's the wire Which will open its thoughtful you're not nearly as scary as an accurate and and a -- worth the only group. He ", "actually standing there in the black cat. It was one of my all time favorite TV there here's a guy named Omar from  HBO 's  the wire . This character is a really a jumble of contradictions on the one hand he's a ruthless killer on the other hand ", "my all time favorite TV there here's a guy named Omar from HBO's the wire This character is a really a jumble of contradictions on the one hand he's a ruthless killer on the other hand he's ", 'Abc\'s mark greenblatt investigates. Reporter: On  hbo \'s " the wire ," richard burton played tough-as-nails gangster on marlo. Reporter: But burton lost his job when " the wire " went off the air. And today, the accomplished actor ', 'is happening all over the country. Abc\'s mark greenblatt investigates. Reporter: On hbo\'s " the wire richard burton played tough-as-nails gangster "SHAMROCK" McGINTY. Slim said they got the eye on marlo. Reporter: But burton lost his job when the wire went off the air. And today, the accomplished actor and musician is in the middle of a real life drama, at risk ', "Iran almost like talking like a dental I don't like to brag but I do a pretty convincing people whom are from the  HBO  program  the wire  and please those records undersea. And Yeah yeah. we'll put it not. Even when there hasn't been cast you ", "brag but I do a pretty convincing people whom are from the HBO program the wire and please those records -- -- undersea. And -- Yeah yeah. -- we'll put it not. Even when there hasn't been cast ", "not just violent games.  HBO  is testing a new online computers or on the go.  HBO  on against trials in parts Curb Your Enthusiasm and  the wire  service will only be available to  HBO  customers and we'll start ", "kids. The site covers games for all wages not just violent games. HBO is testing a new online video service that lets subscribers watch shows on their computers or on the go. HBO on -- against trials in parts of Wisconsin tomorrow. Customers will be able to download about 400 hours of movies and original programming each month. Including shows like Curb Your Enthusiasm and the wire service will only be available to HBO customers and we'll start rolling out to other markets soon. Finally with the bitter cold sweeping across much of the nation there's ", "television Omar little. Omar is an openly gay gangster on  HBO 's  the wire  which airs its final episode tonight Barack Obama Omar little arguably this standout character in  HBO 's  the wire . Which will open a you're not nearly as scary as ", "characters on television Omar little. Omar is an openly gay gangster on HBO's the wire which airs its final episode tonight Barack Obama has called Omar his favorite character on television. So tonight we profile the actor ", "Williams has the actor behind. Omar little arguably this standout character in HBO's the wire Which will open a -- you're not nearly as scary as and accurately. -- -- -- -- -- He may not be ", "does it all areas from as she classes this fighting to  the wire . Look at that smile Rawlings is all about entertainment down for a minute here because I'm a huge fan of the  HBO  show  the wire  you were on that show. This was a show that was so ", "down for a minute here because I'm a huge fan of the HBO show the wire you were on that show. This was a show that was so reality based from what I understand this is an amazing ", "tonight's television edition of Nightline that gritty  HBO  crime of the why there may be a drama but it's not only that they say exist. That's Chris fury on real life  the wire  tonight on Nightline. That's today's Internet edition ", "a brief look ahead to tonight's television edition of Nightline that gritty HBO crime -- of the why there may be a drama but it's not only for almost documentary style realism so what about "]