["that immediate  Meredith Vieira  would be departing up.  The Today Show  and I can't hearing May be  Matt Lauer  could be departing that bad record  Matt Lauer  has when you're to sources at  Meredith Vieira  could be leaving ", "We talked about the fact that immediate Meredith Vieira would be departing up. The Today Show and I can't figure out if it's just people TV they care about that's our the world at large really cares about them but we -- have an update that we want to fill you in on. As it's speculative a lot of people are saying this is very speculative but now we're hearing -- May be Matt Lauer could be departing as well which -- -- -- -- Alan Willard -- right. They're -- they don't know what we've of that bad record Matt Lauer has when you're eight months left on his contract and according to sources at Meredith Vieira could be leaving in September when her. Contract is expired so -- who would take over at the big question. ", "works. He got NPR and.  NBC  news in the house floor they've had a Soledad on  The Today Show  let go of Ann After being told  Ann Curry  said let me get this straight  Al Roker  tells the world the White ", "back. It works. He got -- -- NPR and. -- -- -- NBC news in the house floor they've had a -- Soledad on The Today Show let go of Ann -- After being told Ann Curry said let me get this straight Al Roker tells the world -- -- -- -- the White House and I'm getting tired. Al good reason -- -- more -- at ", 'talk about  NBC  they appear tradition and  Al Roker  weighed in with according to  NBC  spokeswoman backlash against  Matt Lauer  at least according producers of  The Today Show  according to dot com. Hate  Matt Lauer  and this is ', "life sadly. Com -- Sunday afternoon at -- California. -- talk about NBC they appear to be still and damage control about the quipped that won't go away we're talking about the Al corporate route one of us on the bus quipped that came out last. We can just set it up if you didn't see it real quick. Matt flowers on the broadcast referring to an Olympic growing tradition and Al Roker weighed in with that tradition of his own it seemed like a veiled reference. And Kerry get and taken off the -- ", "about and -- it certainly sounds very tough plausible but according to NBC spokeswoman Megan -- She insists. That there that had nothing to -- with -- she said a statement noting that the phrase -- frequently used around the -- with some -- -- they're not going to begin the process frequently -- tapes -- -- -- -- age they check tapes and found expression -- under the -- was -- 27 times -- in the last two years and he -- clearly concerned about all this fall -- and in another not so pleasant. Reference to this apparently there's been a backlash against Matt Lauer at least according to radar online dot com let me read you a quote. Apparently. Some of the producers of The Today Show according to radar online dot com. Hate Matt Lauer and this is a quote there are several producers that have been with The Today Show for very long time over ten years and -- flowers now they buy them because they feel. He's responsible for Ann -- ", "from across town over  The Today Show  our friend and colleague taken a big new role at  NBC  where she's going gonna continue to shine  NBC . And she was on  The Today Show  for fourteen years gonna continue on at  NBC  news that. We just ", "We just got some news from across town over -- The Today Show our friend and colleague and curry. Just that she's really taken a big new role at NBC where she's going to be covering the story she cares about most around the world. Here we just wanted to commitment to wish you well. We need to integrate this new job. We enjoy competing against you know you're gonna continue to shine -- NBC . And she was on The Today Show for fourteen years -- -- she's very emotional. Right now -- he loves the people there and as you said gonna continue on at NBC news that. We just had to take this moment because she -- -- you work the streets in the heart and soul. ", "you think biggest  NBC  obviously has been longest time I mean  NBC 's really kind of amazing I thought  Matt Lauer  big good choice for each time. Slot.  NBC  has lot of work to I mean I joked about  The Today Show  but as one of the ", "Johnson take over the late night show. What do you think biggest NBC obviously has been kind of re branding itself bringing in some younger comedians and some of those -- they've been waiting in the wings -- for awhile. Bomb but for the longest time I mean NBC's really kind of -- you know -- -- its name on now on Leno. Yep it's amazing I thought Matt Lauer big good choice for you know -- -- -- insularity as a zero -- up. Why not. -- -- -- well Seth Myers and -- in the head -- -- SNL so there's a big opening there right now so -- could be some changes there the effects on late night will be probably small because as a small audience. That he's inheriting and and that late show that follows the Tonight Show. Which of course going to be Jimmy -- -- gates so yeah that'll that's going to be urged him to see how he does -- that more prime time each time. Slot. NBC has lot of work to -- I mean I joked about The Today Show but -- as one of the problems -- -- kind of dealing with -- attorney get out of fifth place. Well and ", "funniest guys in Hollywood he's he's that he's one of the most gracious to last we heard by now that you. He was of  The Today Show  and Kathie Lee was his marriage and how he keeps things. You know alive and that hot with his wife but the problem ", 'gracious to last we heard by now that you. He was of The Today Show and Kathie Lee was -- -- his marriage and how he keeps things. You know alive and that hot with his wife ', "he's gonna come back the sitcom on  NBC  set to play a busy husband and father back to TVMR Michael JW. I'm  Al Roker  we do she's the weatherman of course on  NBC  on  The Today Show . Com member he sort of said it ", "he's now 51 years old he's gonna come back the sitcom on NBC set to play a busy husband and father of three who juggles his family his career. And is also battling partisans it was a little. As perfect as borrowing from his real life battles with the diseases -- is looking forward to going back. To the TV world to have his own show again so we all of this -- welcome back invention premier -- and the fall of this year so welcome back to TVMR Michael JW. -- -- -- -- I'm Al Roker -- we do -- she's the weatherman of course on NBC on The Today Show . Com member he sort of said it after gastric bypass. -- -- little pool accident at the White House yes he went ", "she is ready for redemption and she hopes to prove to the naysayers that she can come back. Lindsey spoke with  Matt Lauer  on  The Today Show  to promote her hosting gig on this weekend's Saturday Night Live. She says that yes she has made mistakes ", "prove to the naysayers that she can come back. Lindsey spoke with Matt Lauer on The Today Show to promote her hosting gig on this weekend's Saturday Night Live. She says that yes she has made mistakes but you learn ", "fair. My opinion  Ann Curry  according to USA she is. Leaving  The Today Show  she will do that don't want to leave  NBC  I love them. I'll Soviet anchor for  The Today Show  as well as on nightly stay with and with  NBC  she says. The she's ", "think really nice it doesn't seem to be very fair. My opinion Ann Curry according to -- USA today they spoke with her by -- last night she will confirm that she is. Leaving The Today Show she will do that on this morning -- that Thursday morning show. And she tells the paper. She's is going to be a tough day she's I don't want to leave the viewers don't want to leave NBC I love them. I'll really miss -- she's going to stay according to USA today. She's gonna stay at that network -- produced pieces for nightly news. Soviet -- anchor for The Today Show as well as on nightly news. She will contribute to dateline -- -- and today wouldn't discuss the -- -- cover huge national international stores with the kind of reporting she says she loves to do so she was still being very high profile very hyper about issuing the Olympics she -- -- she wouldn't comment as to how long she's going to actually stay with and with NBC she says. The she's she was asked specifically does she think that she was given a time she was only every year. ", "back everybody we talk about this yesterday was  Ann Curry 's final day on  The Today Show  yesterday after fifteen years. With the show she's gonna stay with  NBC  has a national international correspondent should ", "I'll welcome back everybody we talk about this yesterday was Ann Curry's final day on The Today Show yesterday after fifteen years. With the show she's gonna stay with NBC has a national international correspondent should take over that time off she's going to be the Olympics -- -- -- going to ", "special motor across town. Girlfriend now allow we just heard this morning you won't turn deals and I are in our and a  The Today Show  and Maggie set the bar so high everything you make is better because you're so that would you do. Congratulations ", "you won't turn deals and I are -- in our and a The Today Show and Maggie set the bar so high -- everything you make is better because you're so that -- would you do. Congratulations ", "you all know the back story on  The Today Show  and and curry being it didn't glad blood allegedly between.  Matt Lauer  and and that she forced her off those closed door talks between  Matt Lauer  and so higher awkward Mona yes ", "the epitome of Oppenheimer veterinary you all know the back story on The Today Show and and curry being -- -- it didn't. Would be glad blood allegedly between. Matt Lauer and -- and that she forced her off the show well anyway that's along story. Nixon was and this is what happens ", "you can only over -- -- of those closed door talks between Matt Lauer and so higher awkward Mona yes. We know that there but that lighten -- I guess you can see which can't keep ", 'picture that she makes though and that she has tried to make. Is that actually said very specifically to  Meredith Vieira  on  The Today Show  that we have gotten away from some traditional. West that the traditional western approach to parenting and ', 'to make. Is that -- -- -- actually said very specifically to Meredith Vieira on The Today Show that we have gotten away from some traditional. West that the traditional western approach to parenting and she was surprised that people ', "number for us. Number four at  Meredith Vieira . Now she was tearing up and her began to proceed to leave to join  The Today Show  to Katie she used. But we also Vieira when they're sir John  Meredith Vieira . They certainly do an in her ", "whatever. Number five -- a bad number for us. Number four at Meredith Vieira . Now she was tearing up and her final days on the show as she began to proceed to leave to join The Today Show to -- Katie -- she used. But we also heard some online gossip that and Meredith had referred to her old -- on the view as a joke. We didn't believe that and it turned out Meredith that her words were taken out of context -- don't -- she does not think the view is a joke now. All right thank goodness for that let me ask it to people ever miss -- Vieira when they're -- -- -- sir John Meredith Vieira . They certainly do an in her -- as we count the many other spellings of the year the ER a V all ", "don't regret and I mean you a question about and in bringing up that's I was on one of the shows with  Meredith Vieira  on  The Today Show . And first two or three questions is about Rosie. And that she said why do you keep talking about register ", "bringing up -- that's I was on one of the shows with Meredith Vieira on The Today Show And -- first two or three questions is about Rosie. And that she said why do you keep talking about register because ", 'she\'d watch "good morning america." And I\'d watch  the  " today "  show . And we\'d fight about it. Good morning,ca. Welcome basically subsidize the rest of the news coverage. Between  nbc , abc, and cbs, there\'s a billion dollar of advertising ', 'up for school. And she\'d watch "good morning america." And I\'d watch the " today " show . And we\'d fight about it. Good morning,ca. Welcome to "cbs this morning." Welcome to "today," on a monday morning. Reporter: What made you pick this as the subject for your book? The morning shows have never been written about in a big book form. These shows are the profit centers of their networks. These shows basically subsidize the rest of the news coverage. Between nbc , abc, and cbs, there\'s a billion dollar of advertising revenue at stake every year. Reporter: As a freshman in college, stelter started ', 'for president of the Lady Gaga fan club. He was also on  The Today Show  this morning talking to  Matt Lauer  where he continued to hammer Cuomo for bringing his daughters ', 'for president of the Lady Gaga fan club. He was also on The Today Show this morning talking to Matt Lauer where he continued to hammer Cuomo for bringing his daughters of this gay parade. Mr. Cuomo to his daughters to -- he ', "president and he's sort of stepped. Up response this week in terms of the BP oil news tougher language with  Matt Lauer  on  The Today Show  at the start this week we end the week learning. He's gonna have a sit down with the BP C you. Tony Hayward ", "terms of the BP oil -- -- -- news tougher language with Matt Lauer on The Today Show at the start -- this week we end the week learning. He's gonna have a sit down with the BP C you. ", "working moms who have a rather unexpected career and  NBC 's  the today show 's center cruel I want to watch soccer mom PRI's any interest in and anyone that would be for Marino  the today show  with a mommy PI set ups was one thing. This was ", "a group of working moms who have a rather unexpected career and NBC's the today show's center cruel I want to watch -- soccer mom PRI's. In action. Surveillance cameras were rolling as butler's -- for towels appeared "]