['Juvonen Fallon, welcomed their daughter Tuesday morning. The 38-year-old Fallon takes over NBC\'s " The Tonight Show " from  Jay Leno  next year after hosting "Late Night" since 2009. Fallon thanked fans for their support on social networks ', 'other baby." Related: Jimmy Fallon to Replace  Jay Leno  It\'s been a big year for Fallon. In April, it was announced he will replace  Jay Leno  in 2014 as host of  the  " Tonight Show ." This move will bring the show\'s production ', 'overjoyed." He and his film-producer wife were wed in 2007. The 38-year-old Fallon takes over NBC\'s " The Tonight Show " from  Jay Leno  next year after hosting "Late Night" since 2009.', 'December 2007. Related: Jimmy Fallon to Replace  Jay Leno  It\'s been a big year for New York\'s favorite April, it was announced Fallon will replace  Jay Leno  in 2014 as host of  the  " Tonight Show ." This move will bring the show\'s production ', 'on iTunes! For the first time, content from " The Tonight Show  Starring  Johnny Carson " is available for digital download. Starting Carson\'s favorite guests, including Don Rickles,  Jay Leno , Steve Martin, Jerry Seinfeld, Betty White ', 'who plays Sue Sylvester on "Glee," appeared on " The Tonight Show " last night, getting a bit chocked up when speaking with  Jay Leno  about the type of person Monteith was. Monteith, 31 ', 'losing" as in not a single winning record since the first George Bush lived in the White House and  Johnny Carson  was just retiring from " The Tonight Show ." Pittsburgh\'s baseball fans have always been noticeably restive. As early as 1884, three ', 'into the lion\'s den Friday, appearing on " The Tonight Show  with  Jay Leno ." Spitzer appeared on Leno\'s show in California independent comptroller for the City of New York." On  the  " Tonight Show ," Leno admired Spitzer for his work as attorney ', 'Originally named "Pretzel," Twister took hold when  Johnny Carson  played the game with Eva Gabor on " The Tonight Show " in 1966. Washing Hair in Space Astronaut Karen Nyberg ', 'News. The big move to talk show host was announced in May after Fallon revealed he\'d be taking over for  Jay Leno  on " The Tonight Show " in 2014. After manning the "Weekend Update" desk for more than six seasons, a role that Fallon also held ', 'It\'s a Mad, Mad, Mad, Mad World") and television ("Mork & Mindy"). He was also a regular on  Johnny Carson \'s " Tonight Show " and recorded comedy albums in the sixties.', 'today that after 22 years,  Jay Leno  will step down as the host of " The Tonight Show  With  Jay Leno " next spring. Jimmy Fallon production of 59-year-old " The Tonight Show " will move from Los Angeles ', 'speculation , NBC confirmed today that after 22 years,  Jay Leno  will step down as the host of " The Tonight Show  With  Jay Leno " next spring. Jimmy Fallon, now the star of ', "Appears  Jay Leno  will return to  the Tonight Show  on NBC TMC Leno back on  the Tonight Show  beginning night current  tonight show  host  Conan O ' Brien  continue same chair  Steve Allen .  Jack Paar Johnny Carson Jay Leno . And Jay O'Brien hosted  the Tonight Show  for sale ", "Appears Jay Leno will return to the Tonight Show on NBC TMC is reporting that Leno signed a new contract with the network. Deal with that Leno back on the Tonight Show beginning at 11:35 PM right after your local news. Last night current tonight show host Conan O'Brien continue to look for last pending his departure from the network. It really do you consider myself very lucky person -- -- do no matter what happens it's been a real honor to sit in the same chair Steve Allen . Jack Paar Johnny Carson Jay Leno . And Jay -- -- its. Earlier ABC's late night comic Jimmy -- appeared via satellite on Jay Leno show channel poked fun at the -- -- shake up at NBC. There is word that O'Brien hosted the Tonight Show for sale on Craigslist but that that was later taken them. They're known for pranks what's the best prank you have -- ", "decided to sell  the Tonight Show  on Craig's experts say.  Conan O ' Brien 's days try to keep  Conan O ' Brien  totally off titans of  the Tonight Show  may be torture actually  the tonight show  with O'Brien a look.  Jay Leno  is middle the same  Steve Allen Jack Paar Johnny Carson Jay Leno", "it. -- me neither. All this trash talk from the titans of the Tonight Show may be torture for NBC executives there is an upside the irony of -- -- -- -- -- even his best ratings in -- while actually the tonight show with O'Brien ratings have gone up then got up real low. -- -- -- But late night is turning legal and those still standing or taking side. Take a look. Jay Leno is middle America. He represents traditional American values place killing Indians because you want their. He's been host of the legendary show for only seven months. O'Brien now knows. Tonight would be is -- it's been a real honor to sit in the same -- -- Steve Allen Jack Paar Johnny Carson Jay Leno . And Jay Leno speaks -- -- Good Morning America Mike Von fremd ABC news Hollywood. -- of an August 2 vicious for you just take ", 'imagine they have little fun at ports in the expense  Jay Leno  remember Conan Jay drama from a few years ago host  the Tonight Show . Then Letterman likes to regain quite often this. Jay ', 'can imagine they have little fun at ports in the expense -- Jay Leno remember -- Conan Jay drama from a few years ago -- -- -- host the Tonight Show Then Letterman likes to regain quite often -- this. Jay bashing fest last -- on the -- take -- -- But he ', "resounding no from  Conan O ' Brien the Tonight Show  host refuses make room for  Jay Leno . O'Brien released today. Hosting  tonight show  has been a fulfillment in life. last  Jay Leno  wants to do it I'm this  Johnny Carson  I mean by god ", "-- -- entertainment front a resounding no from Conan O'Brien the Tonight Show host refuses to go along with NBC's plans to shift his time slot to make room for Jay Leno . O'Brien released a statement saying He was disappointed that NBC had only given him seven months to establish himself as a host. But last night was back to -- Hello there I'm John O'Brien and I've been practicing the Braves who ordered a mocha chino -- today. Hosting -- tonight show has been a fulfillment of a lifelong dream for me. And I just want to say to the kids out there watching you can do anything you want in life. -- last Jay Leno wants to do it too. Are welcome all -- NBC -- America's most dysfunctional TV family. Well nobody knows what's going on ", "pretty much a done deal for  Conan O ' Brien  to leave NBC and let  Jay Leno  take back  the Tonight Show  and we're just learning Here's ABC's Mike Von  Conan O ' Brien  is the first to admit his ", "much a done deal for Conan O'Brien to leave NBC and let Jay Leno take back the Tonight Show and we're just learning new details of how much NBC -- going to have to pay Cohen in. Just to leave. Here's ", "resounding no from  Conan O ' Brien the Tonight Show  host refuses to to make room for  Jay Leno . O'Brien released there my name is  Conan O ' Brien  and I may soon remember watching  the tonight show  with  Johnny Carson  and thinking someday ", "-- -- entertainment front a resounding no from Conan O'Brien the Tonight Show host refuses to go along with NBC's plans to shift his time slot to make room for Jay Leno . O'Brien released a statement saying He was disappointed that NBC had only given him seven months to establish himself as a host. ", "Jay Leno  is back and He as the host of  the Tonight Show  last night ending comes back to  tonight show  badly damaged after handing  Conan O ' Brien  45 million to in the shadow  Johnny Carson . A late night ", "Jay Leno is back and He and his bosses try to correct one of the biggest disasters in TV history let her return as the host of the Tonight Show last night ending -- -- that toppled NBC's late night lead. But the climb back won't be easy you might say He "]