['  OriginBetween the "SimCity" fiasco and the resignation of its CEO, this has  already been a bad week for video game giant Electronic Arts, but it\'s  about to get worse. Origin, the client that EA uses to sell its games  digitally, possesses a critical security flaw that could open the  client\'s 40 million users to malware attacks. Security enthusiasts at this year\'s Black Hat  conference in Amsterdam demonstrated the attack, which is both subtle  and simple to enact, as it requires only routine action on the user\'s  part. A theoretical hacker would only have to modify a script in  Origin\'s inner workings. When users open games from Origin, the program confers with EA servers  before the game launches. Since this process requires an Internet  connection, a modified script could very easily force a user onto a  compromised webpage and fill his or her system with unwanted spyware or  malware. One of the few saving graces about such a hack is that it would be very  easy to detect. By default, Origin warns users before loading outside  websites, and launching an Internet browser would generally cause the  launched game to minimize. This would allow users to see the warning, avoid the harmful  page and perhaps even take steps to fix the program. However, users can  set Origin to load outside pages by default, meaning that a user could  compromise his or her system simply by booting up a game. [See also: 10 Things You Must Know About Malware Infections] EA will address this vulnerability in the future, but since no actual  attack has happened, the fix will come in its own time. "Our team is  constantly investigating hypotheticals like this one as we continually  update our security infrastructure," an EA spokesman told Ars Technica. Now that this idea is out in the open, however, hackers will probably  think of something different if they want to target Origin. Just to be  safe, be sure to set Origin to ask before opening outside websites, and  be suspicious of any links that try to open while you\'re gaming. Playing  "SimCity" these days is challenging enough without adding malware into the mix.10 Reasons to Fear a \'Cyber Pearl Harbor\'The Most Influential Video Games of the Last 50 Years2013 Best Anti-Malware Software Comparisons and Reviews', 'Copyright 2013 TechNewsDaily, a TechMediaNetwork company. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.']