['love Lindsay." Lovato Thinks  Simon Cowell  Is a \'Genius\' When she\'s not on competitive talent show, " The X - Factor ," sitting alongside the great  Simon Cowell . "We have a really fun relationship ', 'as a judge on " The X Factor " for season three judge and mentor on  The X Factor ," Lovato said Factor" creator  Simon Cowell . She has said returning to " The X Factor ," nor will veteran Spears Leaving \' The X Factor \'', 'Sports Favorite Male Athlete LeBron James Favorite Female Athlete Danica Patrick Other Categories Favorite Villain  Simon Cowell ,  The X Factor  Favorite Book The Hunger Games series Favorite Video Game Just Dance 4 Favorite App Temple Run', 'Danica Patrick Serena Williams Venus Williams Other Categories Favorite Villain Reed Alexander, "iCarly"  Simon Cowell , " The X Factor " Tom Hiddleston, "Marvel\'s The Avengers" Julia Roberts, "Mirror Mirror" Favorite Book Diary of a Wimpy ', 'performance of "Womanizer" on the U.K. TV show " The X Factor " was panned by critics because she reportedly lip-synced, although "X Factor" judge  Simon Cowell  didn\'t seem to mind. The "American Idol" mainstay ', 'appears official:  Simon Cowell  is dating "Baywatch least not yet.  The  " X Factor " mogul called Intimate Life of  Simon Cowell " by writer Tom on his show " The X Factor ." Asked why British pounds.  Dannii Minogue  One of the revelations ', 'including Justin Bieber, Ashton Kutcher, Miley Cyrus and  Simon Cowell  have all been the victim of "swatting," the scary swarmed Cowell\'s home after receiving a call that " The X - Factor " judge was being held hostage. Police responded, but ', 'returning for season three of " The X Factor ," according to The Hollywood Reporter utmost respect for [show creator]  Simon Cowell . He is the very best, and I have returning for season three of " The X Factor ," which will air in 2013.', 'know. The Band In the era of "American Idol" and " The X Factor ," great bands are no longer just born, they are made group ended up finishing third and was quickly signed to  Simon Cowell \'s label. In March, they released their debut album ', 'singer got candid at the Billboard/Hollywood Reporter Film & TV Conference Thursday where she shared her true feelings about  Simon Cowell . The 31-year-old used expletives while describing Cowell\'s judging style. "I was like, \'Man, that\'s not what ', 'of Fox\'s " The X - Factor " along with Demi Lovato and  Simon Cowell . The addition become a part of \'  The X - Factor \' family be joining \'  The X - Factor  team,\'" Lopez a big fan of  Simon Cowell  and the judges ', 'want to prepare to be harshly judged on national TV.  Simon Cowell , the often-brutal "American Idol" judge, and R am are working on a new TV project reportedly called  the  " X Factor  for Tech." There are no official details on the show ', 'George Clooney :  Simon Cowell  could steal your Intimate Life of  Simon Cowell " by writer Tom on his show " The X Factor ." Asked why British pounds.  Dannii Minogue  One of the revelations Factor" judge  Dannii Minogue . Minogue, 40 ', 'judge on " the x factor ." But is reports that  simon cowell  thinks she\'s producer  simon cowell  wanted crazy stint on " the x factor " may be one disappointing season.  Simon cowell  was expecting its cast.  Cheryl cole  was cut before ', 'avoided p.R. Wrecks. And she landed a role as a judge on " the x factor ." But is the mature britney turning into a problem of its own. There\'s reports that simon cowell thinks she\'s too boring and is getting ready to fire her. Reporter: You may recall signing britney spears in may was a coup for the ratings. Oh, what a difference seven months makes. One source tells "us weekly" producer simon cowell wanted crazy britney but got boring britney instead. It seemed like the perfect match. The multiplatinum princess of pop, cast to find the next big pop star. But britney spears\' stint on " the x factor " may be one and done. Most people won\'t like you. Reporter: "Us weekly" reports the singer is getting the boot from the fox reality show, after a disappointing season. Simon cowell was expecting to get this crazy britney spears that, you know, people saw unravel over the past few years. But he actually ', 'going to keep talking until we find out what happens. That\'s right. Simon cowell is working. It is. Coming up here on "gma," ', 'The  " X Factor " judge confirms that he is "seeing" Dennis Rodman\'s former wife.', "Is there already shake up at  the X - Factor  judges' table TMZ is reporting that British pop star  Cheryl Cole  is out. And former Pussycat Dolls her British accent is too thick.  Simon Cowell  Paula Abdul and LA Reid will be ", "Is there already shake up at the X - Factor judges' table TMZ is reporting that British pop star Cheryl Cole is out. And former Pussycat Dolls singer Nicole -- -- is her replacement. -- as a judge on the UK version of the show and a source tells DNC she was booted from the US virgin because her British accent is too thick. Simon Cowell Paula Abdul and LA Reid will be on the judging panel in the season and Begin airing in September. ", "wanted to be his own  Simon Cowell  has a talent for finding Collison. We expect. News  Simon Cowell  has been judging how being today. This used  Simon Cowell  was shocked to songs his own show. It's  the X - Factor  judges action consumer ", "in television last year because he wanted to be his own -- Simon Cowell has a talent for finding talent. But does he have that certain special something that draws people to you and make -- As he Collison. We expect. News Simon Cowell has been judging how America got was appalling with a -- -- I'm finding it -- up -- tough to -- You are terrible thing you are terrible sounds you have no charisma and cash and a let me take a hard time that it that it isn't there is anything like -- human being today. This used Simon Cowell was shocked to songs. -- have a -- he walked away from the most popular show on television American Idol. So that he could build his own show. It's the X - Factor judges -- action consumer is certainly didn't show away with one key difference this time is not just to judge. Homes and ", 'was here. Good to see you guys. First up, with a little "pop news." Britney spears created quite the circus on " the x - factor ." Previous reports of spears walking offstage while filming are true. Spears had a panic attack. And told cowell ', 'with a little "pop news." Britney spears created quite the circus on " the x - factor ." Previous reports of spears walking offstage while filming are true. Spears had a panic attack. And told cowell I\'m not sure i ', "But this perhaps I'm Cal's superior  the X - Factor  judge has been known to make a few waves it is painfully honest critiques but now Powell reportedly. Has raced to the rescue he ", "But this perhaps I'm -- Cal's superior -- the X - Factor judge has been known to make a few waves it is painfully honest critiques but now Powell reportedly. Has raced to the ", 'excessive self-promotion. And the very judgmental  simon cowell , who wiped out nearly all of the talent on  the  " x - factor " after just one season. If your boss possesses similar ', 'allegedly fired his own co-star for excessive self-promotion. And the very judgmental simon cowell , who wiped out nearly all of the talent on the " x - factor " after just one season. If your boss possesses similar traits, sutton explains how to survive. If you\'re stuck with at bosshole, advise ']