["told the news station that they were upset the state authorities did not notify them of the escape. It was the second  prison break  in a week from the facility in St. Gabriel, La. The prison has a men's unit as well and the other escapee was a ", "The director and 15 other staffers of a Mexican prison on the Texas border are being held under house arrest while authorities investigate whether they helped Mexico's most violent drug cartel, the Zetas, break more than 130 inmates out of the prison during a daring daylight escape Monday. Initial", 'Authorities have launched a massive manhunt for more than 130 inmates who made a daring daylight escape from a Mexican prison using a tunnel equipped with ropes and electric cables. More than half of those who escaped from the prison in Piedras Negras, just across the border from Eagle Rock Texas,', '(Image Credit: ABC News) There are prison breaks, but  prison break -ins? A bobcat somehow slipped through the wire fencing at the Monroe Corrections Complex in Washington State where 2,400 inmates ', 'Fallen Star/Pacific Coast News Former " Prison Break " actor Lane Garrison was arrested Sunday at his Beverly Hills apartment on suspicion of domestic violence, according to TMZ ', 'A dragnet for two escaped convicts, a murderer and a kidnapper, escalated today in Kansas and nearby areas as authorities that they are considered armed and dangerous. The manhunt is looking for Santos Carrera-Morales and Eric James, both 22. Carrera-Morales was convicted of two counts of first', 'to IMDB during his post "Blossom" years Stoyanov went on to guest star in a number of television shows including " Prison Break ," "Monk" and "The Mentalist." Stoyanov also had a small role as one of the Joker\'s henchmen in the opening scene ', 'managed to find some clothes along the way - he was wearing a jacket and ski cap when he was arrested. This is the first  prison break  in two decades in Japan. OXFORD MURDER? Quite a story from Kelly COBIELLA in London: An Oxford mathematician was ', 'isolation with long, white hair in the clip. There are also cameos from Robin Williams, British actor Vinnie Jones and  Prison Break  actor William Fichtner, the latter of whom strongly resembles Oscars producer Brian Grazer. ABC will air the Academy ', 'basically -- but in a human way." Dominick Maldonado Attempts Escape Just this month, Dominick Maldonado staged an  prison break , holding scissors to a guard\'s throat while a fellow inmate broke through the prison door and security fences with ', 'months to build and passed under a highway and police checkpoints. A U.S. military official conceded then that the  prison break  was a "disaster," but noted that the prison is entirely run by Afghans, and that only low-level fighters were ', 'to use their suicide vests "due to the inaction shown by the enemy." A U.S. military official conceded that the  prison break  was a "disaster," but noted that the prison is entirely run by Afghans, and that only low-level fighters were ', "For some inmates, time behind bars is spent not on repenting for the crimes they've committed, but, much to the chagrin of the prison guards, brainstorming creative ideas to try and escape from their cells. One did it with the help of a dental floss ladder. Others use tools stolen from a prison job", 'Two convicted bank robbers broke out of a federal prison by tying bed sheets together.', 'Mohammed lila abc news kabul. Now we shift gears. Tonight on the border of this country everyone is looking for dangerous fugitives. Nearly 100 inmates broke out of a mexican prison digging a 100 foot tunnel to escape. How did they do it? Ryan owens has the details. Reporter: Tonight one fifth of', 'We begin with breaking news. A  prison break  along the u.S. Border with mexico. 130 inmates are on the loose at this hour. They escaped through a 21-foot tunnel in a ', 'We begin with breaking news. A prison break along the u.S. Border with mexico. 130 inmates are on the loose at this hour. They escaped through a 21-foot tunnel in ', 'Now an update on that  prison break . Two convicted robbers scaling 17 stories with a rope made out of bed sheets. Then impossibly hailing a cab to freedom. Tonight ', 'Now an update on that prison break . Two convicted robbers scaling 17 stories with a rope made out of bed sheets. Then impossibly hailing a cab to freedom. Tonight, ']