['for which Smith got a reported $1.5 million, have been less than stellar. New York Times writer  Andrew Ross Sorkin  , author of  Too Big to Fail  , said , "It\'s actually not badly written. It\'s just...boring. It reads like a diary. It ', 'Game of Thrones Paul Giamatti,  Too Big to Fail  Guy Pearce, Mildred Pierce Tim Hugh Bonneville, Downton Abbey  William Hurt , To Big to Fail Bill Nighy BBC America Mildred Pierce, HBO  Too Big to Fail , HBO Best Performance By An Actress ', 'THURGOOD (HBO) PAUL GIAMATTI / Ben Bernanke -  TOO BIG TO FAIL  (HBO) GREG KINNEAR / Jack Kennedy - THE KENNEDYS PEARCE / Monty Beragon - MILDRED PIERCE (HBO)  JAMES WOODS  / Richard Fuld -  TOO BIG TO FAIL  (HBO) Outstanding Performance by a Female ', 'future. A film adaptation of the best-selling  Too Big to Fail (HBO; May 23; 9 p.m.) boasts an impressive director ( Curtis Hanson ) and stellar cast ( William Hurt , Ed Asner, Paul Giamatti, Tony Shalhoub ', 'York Times business reporter  Andrew Ross Sorkin  , took Wall Street by surprise held hostage by a bank that is \' too big to fail ,\'" the president vowed, suggesting mortgage lending flourished, and \' too big to fail \' financial giants were permitted ', "President Obama's Rough Week: Jobs, Wall Street, Health Care Loom Over White House", 'York Times business reporter  Andrew Ross Sorkin  , took Wall Street by surprise held hostage by a bank that is \' too big to fail ,\'" the president vowed, suggesting mortgage lending flourished, and \' too big to fail \' financial giants were permitted ', 'Dimon may not be the only one with this reaction.  Andrew Ross Sorkin  , New York Times columnist and the author of " Too Big to Fail ," said that Wall Street executives were "completely ', 'and New York Times reporter  Andrew Ross Sorkin  about how those attitudes reporter, and author of " Too Big to Fail ,"  Andrew Ross Sorkin . And there does seem to Very high unemployment.  ANDREW ROSS SORKIN : Through most of next year ', "Joining me now is  Andrew Ross Sorkin  financial columnist book it's called  too big to fail  with the reader in for all the about  Andrew Ross Sorkin  thank you very much author of the book.  Too big to fail  itself on the bookstores ", "nearly crashed the US and global banking systems. Joining me now is Andrew Ross Sorkin financial columnist for the New York Times his. New book is big book found in 39 pages. -- -- Don't get scared by the way it's rhetoric like health dale it's an impressively big book it's called too big to fail with the reader in the room as the decisions to save the banking industry were made in New York in Washington. Hello ", 'we have body. Great news on holiday for all the -- about Andrew Ross Sorkin thank you very much -- they -- author of the book. Too big to fail itself on the bookstores now thank you for joining us today you can pick avengers book on. Shall now. ', 'trouble and and that can really take out a big portion of the economy so you believe the cliche what has now become a  too big to fail  it applies here it is too big to you can let it fail and I think what some of the senators are referring to is possibly ', 'you believe the -- cliche what has now become a -- -- too big to fail it applies here it is too big to -- you can let it fail and I think what some of the senators ', "make sense of all draw on the wisdom of our friend  Andrew Ross Sorkin . Financial columnist and an act faster to see you that's that's he's been you know people are much  too big to fail  the next crisis if there is one if municipalities and ", 'make sense of all -- draw on the wisdom of our friend Andrew Ross Sorkin . Financial columnist and an act faster to see you good to see you early happy new -- to thank -- not to ', "live now times business reporter and author of  too big to fail Andrew Ross Sorkin  welcome back injury and I guess it's no surprise only so much a Mark McGwire type it actually hit  Andrew Ross Sorkin  thanks very much.", "joining us live now -- -- times business reporter and author of too big to fail Andrew Ross Sorkin welcome back injury and I guess it's no surprise -- you look back at the -- asking -- -- proposed fees on ", '-- went only so much a Mark McGwire type it actually hit Andrew Ross Sorkin thanks very much. ', "Democrats insist that some banks are  too big to fail . If they were to go down the moments but let's go first  Andrew Ross Sorkin  a business writer at the New cliche what has now become a  too big to fail  it applies here it is too big ", "crisis for Detroit in just a few moments but let's go first Andrew Ross Sorkin a business writer at the New York Times. -- let this issue of letting big banks fail. Good idea bad idea -- ", 'Mildred pierce. The pillars of the earth. And  too big to fail . The nominees for lead actress in miniseries or Aegis seldom there. Laurence Fishburne Thurgood.  William Hurt too big to fail . Greg near the Kennedy is. Barry Pepper at the ', 'a miniseries or movie are. Aegis seldom -- there. Laurence Fishburne Thurgood. William Hurt too big to fail Greg -- near the Kennedy is. Barry Pepper at the Kennedy is. And Edgar Ramirez Carlos. The nominees for outstanding host for ']