['surprising revelation from  danica McKellar . So many watched her winnie cooper on " the wonder years ." Now she is a best-selling crush on on tv\'s " the wonder years ." Insensitive, gutless 2. Reporter: Now  danica mckellar  is turning heads for ', "grew up in front of huge audiences on ABC's hit show  the wonder years . And today nearly fifteen years later she's back we I'll remember you beating Kevin aren't on on  the wonder years  on his SATs can't let you as well how did you become ", "Keller grew up in front of huge audiences on ABC's hit show the wonder years And today nearly fifteen years later she's back all grown up and not and look what we might have expected for her iconic character Winnie Cooper. She's tackling an issue that many girls struggle with. Mathematics. We're so happy to be joined by Danica has she's the author of a new book called math doesn't -- how to survive middle school math without losing your mind or breaking a -- -- I don't. Dedicated to -- for being here thank -- grabbing. Those in congress we I'll remember you beating Kevin aren't on on the wonder years on his SATs -- can't let you -- as well how did you become involved in -- I think passionate enough for ", 'You know him as the dad in  the wonder years  now  Dan Lauria  is starring on Broadway. As about the legendary Green Bay Packers. Just hanging out of their slant you know He was a legend and ', 'You know him as the dad in the wonder years -- now Dan Lauria is starring on Broadway. As -- about the legendary Green Bay Packers. Just hanging out of their slant you know He was ', "they're not cool. Danica has been a successful actress you may recognize her here is one of the stars of TV's  the wonder years  it's. But her real passion is mathematics and so she took time away from her acting career to trying to convince ", "you may recognize her here is one of the stars of TV's the wonder years it's. But her real passion is mathematics and so she took time away from her acting career to trying to convince young ", "I'm joined by a man who may be familiar to lot of you  Dan Lauria  is best known for playing Jack Arnold this early dad on  the wonder years . And He can soon be seen in the film the spirit which ", 'joined by a man who may be familiar to lot of you Dan Lauria is best known for playing Jack Arnold this early dad on the wonder years . And He can soon be seen in the film the spirit which opens on Christmas Day. Dan while benefit matters now thank ', "the beloved. Winnie Cooper on  wonder years  Jenna did thank you so much for with you as Winnie Cooper on show  wonder years  and it. She's got into acting played it up from the west wing to  the wonder years  you are sort of the Smart girl ", 'the characters that you played it up from the west wing to the wonder years you are -- sort of the Smart girl and yet you know you posed in a very. Sexy. Photos spread for Maxim ', "people follow look like  Fred Savage  is plagued Kevin all  the wonder years  all the sudden on Twitter come out of a health  Fred Savage . Had died and there's should clear immediately  Fred Savage  you know very well I ", "pass away as a young kid. Some people -- follow look like Fred Savage is plagued Kevin -- all the wonder years all the sudden on Twitter and all line all these reports come out of a health Fred Savage . Had died and there's a picture of -- young friends that any young Koreans not. I see wrong quickly you know weren't you might get confused right Campbell we should clear immediately Fred Savage you know very well I kept anonymous by calling -- -- is no longer. With this there but but there was an ", "you deal. Yeah and the numbers. Aren't pretty your Korea and how On you know opening and twenty when you Winnie and  wonder years  and people news and acting. Why He stopped focusing on the acting part of your life focusing on them to a break from ", 'how -- On you know opening and twenty when you Winnie and wonder years and people news -- and acting. Why He stopped focusing on the acting part of your life focusing on them to a ', 'happened to that teenage stars of the hugely popular  the wonder years  of blossom. I did and I decided to find out. Was Winnie Cooper puppy love couple from the hit TV series  the wonder years . They were venturing off into different directions ', 'wondered what happened to that teenage stars of the hugely popular -- the wonder years of blossom. -- I did and I decided to find out. -- -- -- -- -- Was the role model for millions ', 'Arnold in Winnie Cooper puppy love couple from the hit TV series the wonder years They were venturing off into different directions to see what life had to offer. And without missing a beat so did the ', "Ratings dropping out of They had a hell of a and also had a lot of money so they're not and restarted. Also said it is  the wonder years  Winnie Cooper Danica well after three years of marriage she is getting divorced from her composer husband convert to ", "lot of money so they're not and restarted. Also said it is the wonder years -- Winnie Cooper Danica -- well after three years of marriage she is getting divorced from her composer husband -- convert to ", 'midtown lot exercise in cities fit through so. She is doing well looking great. Two as well also waiting for word from  the wonder years  what I what I can say is I think one of the best written shows ever you are my favorite grown up Kevin Arlen. And ', 'doing well looking great. Two as well also waiting for word from the wonder years what I what I can say is I think one of the best written shows ever -- you are my favorite grown ', "have great chemistry with Dan Laurie I assume you are old friends you are and he was known for playing the data on  the wonder years  known as the mom on who's the boss but you date back even further you or together yes we actually we were on one ", "friends you are and he was known for playing the data on the wonder years -- -- known as the mom on who's the boss but you date back even further you or -- -- -- together ", "They're incredible day I've known for five years and who played together before incidents people and I was from.  The wonder years  and who's boss I grew up watching both of them and admiring both of them. And is really generous loving giving actors ", "years and who played together before incidents people and I was from. The wonder years and -- who's boss I grew up watching both of them and admiring both of them. And -- is really generous loving ", 'And speaking finale this. Last we saw Kevin Arnold in Winnie Cooper of the puppy love couple from the hit TV series  the wonder years . They were venturing off into different directions to see what life had to offer. And without missing a beat so did ', 'Winnie Cooper of the puppy love couple from the hit TV series the wonder years They were venturing off into different directions to see what life had to offer. -- -- -- -- And without missing a ']