['Stars Project Runway So You Think You Can Dance Top Chef The Voice Host for a Reality or Reality-Competition Program  Tom Bergeron , Dancing With the Stars Anthony Bourdain, The Taste Cat Deeley, So You Think You Can Dance Heidi Klum and Tim Gunn ', "combined tally of judges' scores and viewers' votes will be the winner. At the end of tonight's show, co-hosts  Tom Bergeron  and Brooke Burke announced that there was some trouble with voting on ABC.com. They encouraged people to call in ", "'Dancing With the Stars': Jacoby Jones, Aly Raisman Tie for Lead in Week 9 Semifinals", "'Dancing With the Stars' Week 7: Raisman Soars to the Top on Latin Night, Pickler Gets Immunity", "with their pro partners and, in a format twist, co-host  Tom Bergeron  announced that the star with the highest judges' score from points. WATCH: Stevie Wonder Provides Live Soundtrack on ' DWTS ' Aly Raisman: The Olympic gymnast's bubbly salsa won judges ", 'out together after a long day on set. "Dancing With the Stars" mainstays Brooke Burke-Charvet, Karina Smirnoff,  Tom Bergeron  and Maksim Chmerkovsky joined Victor Ortiz, Ralph Macchio, ALy Raisman and Jacoby Jones for dinner at STK in Los Angeles ', "'Dancing With the Stars' Elimination: Wynonna Judd Voted Off in Week 3 of Season 16", "a background dancer as he channeled one of The Village People in reality star Sean Lowe's encore dance. Show host  Tom Bergeron  also announced that the viewer-selected Prom King and Queen for Monday night were NFL player Jacoby Jones and Disney ", "'Dancing With the Stars' Elimination: Wynonna Judd Voted Off in Week 3 of Season 16", "a background dancer as he channeled one of The Village People in reality star Sean Lowe's encore dance. Show host  Tom Bergeron  also announced that the viewer-selected Prom King and Queen for Monday night were NFL player Jacoby Jones and Disney ", 'she\'ll be a contender." RELATED:  Tom Bergeron  on \' DWTS \' Backstage \'Naked Dancing\' It\'s and comedian, and his partner, " DWTS " newcomer Sharna Burgess Ortiz, boxer, and his partner, " DWTS " newcomer Lindsay Arnold ', 'very subtle symptoms. I went for a regular physical. The " DWTS " co-host, who was back at work hosting the Miss America co-hosting the season premiere of "Dancing With the Stars" with  Tom Bergeron  this Monday, March 18, at 8/7 central on ABC.', "the mirror ball trophy and bragging rights as the popular reality show's champion of all champions. When co-host  Tom Bergeron  announced Rycroft and her partner Tony Dovolani had won, Dovolani started jumping and cheering. The pair were soon ", "Kirstie Alley and Gilles Marini Voted Off 'Dancing With the Stars: All-Stars' in Week 8", '"Dancing with the Stars" host talks about the new season and what really goes on behind the scenes.', "Host of ABC's hit dancing series chats about his big Emmy win, premiere of all-star season.", 'Sigourney Weaver political animals. The nominees for outstanding host for reality or reality competition program are.  Tom Bergeron  Dancing With The Stars. Anthony board to taste. Kate Cat Deeley So You Think You Can Dance. Heidi and Tim Project ', 'The nominees for outstanding host for reality or reality competition program are. Tom Bergeron Dancing With The Stars. Anthony board -- to taste. Kate Cat Deeley So You Think You Can Dance. Heidi -- and Tim ', "Yamaguchi right. So other six. Season so far four of the winners today athletes. So be more challenging from for  Tom Bergeron  you know it's a seat for me He cast like this done with high levels of unpredictability. Is life Christmas morning ", "winners today athletes. So -- -- be more challenging from -- for Tom Bergeron you know it's a seat for me He cast like this done with high levels of unpredictability. Is life Christmas morning I ", 'A lot of fellas looked good. Including  tom bergeron  who won the award for the best reality host. What do you know, as he gets set for the best show yet of "dancing with the stars ', 'A lot of fellas looked good. Including tom bergeron who won the award for the best reality host. What do you know, as he gets set for the best show yet ', "she has received an outpouring of support from fans and loved ones, even her co-host. Brooke burke confided in  tom bergeron  some time ago. He's been a strong support for her. Reporter: As she prepares for her upcoming surgery, this busy ", "from fans and loved ones, even her co-host. Brooke burke confided in tom bergeron some time ago. He's been a strong support for her. Reporter: As she prepares for her upcoming surgery, this busy mom is ", "Gene Simmons had yes but we have a little this your  Tom Bergeron  please. Because I think it's time to. I think I I believe if you look very closely you will see mr.  Tom Bergeron  and 2002. At all that right you are. That's me that's ", "had yes but we have a little -- this -- your -- Tom Bergeron please. Because I think it's time to. I think I have and I write this is your favorite video from Americans funny ", "I believe if you look very closely -- you will see mr. Tom Bergeron and -- 2002. At all that right -- -- you are. That's me that's being a robber headed alien Star Trek enterprise. "]