['is 40. Actress Franka Potente (poh-TEN\'-tay) is 39. Actress A.J. Cook is 35. Actor Keegan Allen (" Pretty Little Liars ") is 26. Actress Selena Gomez is 21. Thought for Today: "The love we give away is the only love we keep ', 'Singer Rufus Wainwright is 40. Actress Franka Potente ("The Bourne Identity") is 39. Actor Keegan Allen (" Pretty Little Liars ") is 26. Actress Selena Gomez ("The Wizards of Waverly Place") is 21. July 23: Actress Gloria DeHaven is ', 'Worldwide Orphans, an organization aimed to help orphan children around the world. In addition to Sean Hayes and " Pretty Little Liars " actress Annabeth Gish , Poehler\'s "Parks and Rec" castmates came out to support their friend: Aubrey Plaza ', '(Photo credit: Imeh Akpanudosen/Getty Images) " Pretty Little Liars " star Ryan Merriman is officially off the market. ABC News has confirmed that the actor, who turns 30 today, is engaged to ', 'On the red carpet of the MTV Movie Awards, the " Pretty Little Liars " actress said she\'s game to play Ana. "I just Benson Lucy Hale has some competition from her " Pretty Little Liars " co-star, Ashley Benson. Benson told Celebuzz ', 'Swank split from John Campisi , her boyfriend of five years, last summer. The actress was previously married to " Pretty Little Liars " actor Chad Lowe for 10 years before they split in 2007.', 'Hill" fame and also stars James Woods and Brenda Blethyn. The 38-year-old Swank was previously married to " Pretty Little Liars " actor Chad Lowe for 10 years before they split in 2007.', "Katie Cassidy Reportedly in Running to Play Anastasia in '50 Shades of Grey' Movie", 'in "Gossip Girl" and "Melrose Place," is believed to be in competition with Emma Watson, Emma Stone and " Pretty Little Liars " actress Lucy Hale to play the role of Anastasia Steele in the erotic love story, according to sources. Meanwhile ', 'scene stealer. The TV series " Pretty Little Liars " won four awards, including Diaries" Choice TV Drama: " Pretty Little Liars " Choice TV comedy: "Glee Female: Troian Bellisario, " Pretty Little Liars " Choice TV Actress, Drama ', 'Show: Drama Bones Gossip Girl  Pretty Little Liars  Revenge Touch Choice TV Actor Boreanaz, Bones Ian Harding,  Pretty Little Liars  Kiefer Sutherland, Touch Ed Gellar, Ringer Lucy Hale,  Pretty Little Liars  Leighton Meester, Gossip Girl ', 'On the red carpet of the MTV Movie Awards, the " Pretty Little Liars " actress said she\'s game to play Ana. "I just Benson Lucy Hale has some competition from her " Pretty Little Liars " co-star, Ashley Benson. Benson told Celebuzz ', 'Courtesy  Pretty Little Liars /ABC Family The season 2 finale of the hit ABC Family show "  Pretty Little Liars  " is tonight and fans are eagerly clues below. We ask all of the " Pretty Little Liars " fans out there to weigh in and ', 'movie. Newer shows "Two Broke Girls," Hot in Cleveland," "Supernatural," "Person of Interest," and " Pretty Little Liars " rounded out the television categories. A full list of all of the nominees and winners is available at PeoplesChoice ', 'To make you back to yourself? I decided I didn\'t want to be a victim anymore. A sneak peek at the finale of " pretty little liars " over 1 million followers on twitter. They\'ve been waiting all day. A show about four teens getting threatening ', 'to be a victim anymore. A sneak peek at the finale of " pretty little liars " over 1 million followers on twitter. They\'ve been waiting all day. A show about four teens getting threatening letters from a mice ', "You'll explained because we have a little peace to show you what we're talking about. This is the question  pretty little liars  fans have been asking since day one clueless is daddy guys. I figured out for the past two seasons of the wildly ", "peace to show you what we're talking about. This is the question pretty little liars fans have been asking since day one clueless is daddy guys. I figured out for the past two seasons of the wildly ", "ABC family's hot new show  pretty little liars  follows cyclical high school for all the inside scoop on  pretty little liars  were joined by one of its stars sales. You think. It gets  pretty little liars  is every Tuesday at 8 o'clock ", "ABC family's hot new show pretty little liars follows cyclical high school girls who are keeping lots of secrets. The queen bee of the group -- -- disappears but her four friends started getting messages. From day. Who threatens to -- all their dirty laundry for all the inside scoop on pretty little liars were joined by one of its stars actress Shay Mitchell thanks for being here. Thank you for having me all right so ", "and so were wet -- -- -- sales. You think. It gets pretty little liars is every Tuesday at 8 o'clock 7 central on ABC family's let's all the buzz we have forty today -- -- cruise ", 'making good family decisions. You can see "here comes honey boo-boo" on tlc. Coming up, one of the stars of " pretty little liars " is here with the inside scoop on the b', 'comes honey boo-boo" on tlc. Coming up, one of the stars of " pretty little liars " is here with the inside scoop on the b ', 'Pretty little liars  star Lucy Hale is spreading some holiday cheer the actress made an appearance at PS 64 in New York City. As part of Duracell holiday ', 'Pretty little liars star Lucy Hale is spreading some holiday cheer the actress made an appearance at PS 64 in New York City. As part ', 'monday, from mario\'s money-saving summertime surf \'n\' turf to speedy savory burgers, from daphne oz and " pretty little liars " hunk tyler blackburn! Plus -- red velvet is hands down our best seller. Announcer: We\'re getting to the ', 'summertime surf \'n\' turf to speedy savory burgers, from daphne oz and " pretty little liars " hunk tyler blackburn! Plus -- red velvet is hands down our best seller. Announcer: We\'re getting to the creamy center of america\'s ']