["sure to be very popular with the audience here with us now from the new cast get ready to welcome wynonna judd and  tony dovolani . Come on out! oh, yeah. Wow. Hello. So good to see you, wynonna. I don't want to let you. Go the reigning ", "now from the new cast get ready to welcome wynonna judd and tony dovolani . Come on out! oh, yeah. Wow. Hello. So good to see you, wynonna. I don't want to let you. Go the reigning ", "And joins us now from Pensacola Florida sent Tony no one else has been behind the scenes like you. This last week you seen them up close handicap. it's kind of thing because I think it's going to be. Really whoever makes a mistake that's going to be in trouble this week. All four couples have very", 'the stars" last night. Our friend wynonna judd and  tony dovolani . Here\'s a look at wynonna\'s response. I faced the tweet. Tonight was so hard. I\'m so sorry I let  tony dovolani  down and to all my fans who voted, thank you. You ', 'on "dancing with the stars" last night. Our friend wynonna judd and tony dovolani . Here\'s a look at wynonna\'s response. I faced one of my biggest fears and I\'ve made a lifetime friend out of tony, ', "with the tweet. Tonight was so hard. I'm so sorry I let tony dovolani down and to all my fans who voted, thank you. You can't really think -- tony will not allow you to think ", 'Tony Dovolani  and Maksim Chmerkovskiy are among the professionals poised for big return.', '"Dancing With the Stars" pro  Tony Dovolani  takes "GMA" behind the scenes of teams\' last-minute prep.', "Coupled with the lowest overall combined total therefore leaving right now. and Tony. Did not want last night Phillips  Tony Dovolani  Dancing With The Stars tough moment but they're here with us live. This morning thanks to get guys. Day. I do ", "and Tony. Did not want -- -- last night -- -- Phillips Tony Dovolani -- -- Dancing With The Stars tough moment but they're here with us live. This morning thanks to get -- -- -- ", "Fox trot it. great praise from the judges so let's bring feet eleven finalists Powell. of our favorite dance pros  Tony Dovolani  the talk about it all live this morning from Las Vegas. it's great to have you. I'm here with us so what are ", "-- feet eleven finalists Powell. -- -- of our favorite dance pros Tony Dovolani the talk about it all live this morning from Las Vegas. -- it's great to have you. I'm here with us so ", 'Well it was the last moment last night from Wendi Williams and her partner  Tony Dovolani  the second sent home from Dancing With The Stars. The with the lowest overall combined total. And therefore leaving right now ', 'was the last moment last night from Wendi Williams and her partner Tony Dovolani the second -- sent home from Dancing With The Stars. -- -- -- The -- with the lowest overall combined total. And ', "the first perfect scores this season going youngest competitors. Everyone they're guilty pleasure song even pro  Tony Dovolani  who kicked off a with a fierce danced and bop by Hansen. And Tony joins us live from LA this morning with the highlights ", "season going youngest competitors. Everyone -- they're guilty pleasure song even pro Tony Dovolani who kicked off a -- with a fierce danced and bop by Hansen. And Tony joins us live from LA this morning ", "with the lowest overall combined total and therefore leaving right now it's. Katrina and Tony. And I dream of and  Tony Dovolani  join us now live this morning from want to send. I'll talk to vote do you guys for doing so well doing so well I ", "now it's. -- Katrina and Tony. And I dream of -- and Tony Dovolani join us now live this morning from want to send. I'll talk to vote do you guys for doing so well doing ", 'dancing with the stars and to talk to her and her party  Tony Dovolani  and just a moment but first a look back. Kate is famous almost and then and you expect results Kahan partner  Tony Dovolani  were finally able to focus. Did you feel good friends ', 'with the stars and -- to talk to her and her party Tony Dovolani and just a moment but first a look back. -- -- -- Kate -- is famous for taking on challenges head on ', "energy almost and then and -- you expect results -- Kahan partner Tony Dovolani were finally able to focus. Did you feel good friends. And it's fun tell -- do something and I actually -- -- ", 'about to come true she is one of four lucky here as you voted for a living dream contest in her dream. Taken dance a  Tony Dovolani  and Dancing With The Stars. Our own dancing veteran Cameron mathison was there. When first met Joseph Silva she was ', 'a living -- dream contest in her dream. Taken dance -- a Tony Dovolani and Dancing With The Stars. Our own dancing veteran Cameron mathison was there. When -- first met Joseph Silva she was a ', 'Ricki Lake,  Tony Dovolani  on Levy\'s perfect score, Katherine Jenkins\' first "8."', "couple to be given the boot from Dancing With The Stars is talk show host and our favorite Leeza Gibbons and her party  Tony Dovolani  now they didn't get the single lowest score you're watching last night. But it was enough to save them from the ", "is talk show host and our favorite Leeza Gibbons and her party Tony Dovolani now they didn't get the single lowest score you're watching last night. But it was enough to save them from the acts ", "who grew up do you lived and trained with the Stanley in London from age eleven. And the current reigning champ  Tony Dovolani  baby the mall. I'm though uncle you're just are I feel like. As they always come to me for. Advice for wisdom ", "-- Stanley in London from age eleven. And the current reigning champ Tony Dovolani -- baby -- the mall. I'm though uncle you're just are -- -- I feel like. As they always come to me ", 'Tony Dovolani  analyzes the moves on the latest week of "Dancing With the Stars."']