['"Dancing with the Stars" host talks about the new season and what really goes on behind the scenes.', "Host of ABC's hit dancing series chats about his big Emmy win, premiere of all-star season.", 'Sigourney Weaver political animals. The nominees for outstanding host for reality or reality competition program are.  Tom Bergeron  Dancing With The Stars. Anthony board to taste. Kate Cat Deeley So You Think You Can Dance. Heidi and Tim Project ', 'The nominees for outstanding host for reality or reality competition program are. Tom Bergeron Dancing With The Stars. Anthony board -- to taste. Kate Cat Deeley So You Think You Can Dance. Heidi -- and Tim ', "Yamaguchi right. So other six. Season so far four of the winners today athletes. So be more challenging from for  Tom Bergeron  you know it's a seat for me He cast like this done with high levels of unpredictability. Is life Christmas morning ", "winners today athletes. So -- -- be more challenging from -- for Tom Bergeron you know it's a seat for me He cast like this done with high levels of unpredictability. Is life Christmas morning I ", 'A lot of fellas looked good. Including  tom bergeron  who won the award for the best reality host. What do you know, as he gets set for the best show yet of "dancing with the stars ', 'A lot of fellas looked good. Including tom bergeron who won the award for the best reality host. What do you know, as he gets set for the best show yet ', "she has received an outpouring of support from fans and loved ones, even her co-host. Brooke burke confided in  tom bergeron  some time ago. He's been a strong support for her. Reporter: As she prepares for her upcoming surgery, this busy ", "from fans and loved ones, even her co-host. Brooke burke confided in tom bergeron some time ago. He's been a strong support for her. Reporter: As she prepares for her upcoming surgery, this busy mom is ", "Gene Simmons had yes but we have a little this your  Tom Bergeron  please. Because I think it's time to. I think I I believe if you look very closely you will see mr.  Tom Bergeron  and 2002. At all that right you are. That's me that's ", "had yes but we have a little -- this -- your -- Tom Bergeron please. Because I think it's time to. I think I have and I write this is your favorite video from Americans funny ", "I believe if you look very closely -- you will see mr. Tom Bergeron and -- 2002. At all that right -- -- you are. That's me that's being a robber headed alien Star Trek enterprise. ", "Crowley for Good Morning America now in our guest today is  Tom Bergeron  to talk about his newest show. Tom thanks so much for What's what your career what is you know my dad is  Tom Bergeron  would like for them. There's none of that really ", 'Greece Crowley for Good Morning America now in our guest today is Tom Bergeron to talk about his newest show. Tom thanks so much for being here pleasure how many shows can one man -- well ', "What's what -- your career what is you know my dad is Tom Bergeron would like for them. There's none of that really because we've always. -- -- as they were growing up. Both in Boston. ", "started the show yesterday by saying how it was going to be won the biggest surprises ever. In the history of the program  Tom Bergeron  said the same thing he's never seen something like this for you was taken off guard. Well we actually planned the ", "be won the biggest surprises ever. In the history of the program Tom Bergeron said the same thing he's never seen something like this for you was taken off guard. Well we actually planned the whole ", '"Dancing With the Stars" host  Tom Bergeron  said he asked the "All-Stars" contestant about her vow.', "weighing in and the result will be revealed tonight by  Tom Bergeron  and Cynthia McFadden it's a two hour special. On one film character of all time. hear from Nightline  Tom Bergeron  from. Dancing With The Stars that was quite something ", "-- Americans weighing in and the result will be revealed tonight by Tom Bergeron and Cynthia McFadden it's a two hour special. On ABC but this morning we have our hands on an early preview of ", "character of all time. -- -- -- -- -- hear from Nightline Tom Bergeron from. Dancing With The Stars that was quite something last night and I'm exhausted -- and we're grateful that he's happy to ", "right back. The audience laughing a for just a moment we're like everybody realizes is the real thing but we've got  Tom Bergeron  on the phone time good morning good. What sinking in that moment we watched your face Well we're just just to I thought ", "moment we're like everybody realizes is the real thing but we've got Tom Bergeron on the phone time good morning good. What -- sinking in that moment we watched your face -- Well we're just just ", 'sentence there will be pressure on the kids. In Washington DC. Tonight it is the 2008 Scripps national spelling bee and  Tom Bergeron  will be your host every show on TV well sure I. Fishing were lucky He will be well I am I passing the baton on to you ', 'Washington DC. Tonight it is the 2008 Scripps national spelling bee and Tom Bergeron will be your host -- -- -- every show on TV well sure I. Fishing were lucky He will be well I ', 'mission. And help moms have full term healthy babies to joining us now to tell us more about the upcoming events is  Tom Bergeron  host of dancing with the start. And Sherri shepherd guys have been here good morning guys want so please tell us about ', 'joining us now to tell us more about the upcoming events is Tom Bergeron host of dancing with the start. And Sherri shepherd guys have been here good morning guys want -- so please tell us ', "yeah. Good luck message god great to have you thank you for doing what is this whatever it we also have a man named  Tom Bergeron . On the phone mr. Bergeron. I haven't I'm excited about the nomination and I'm excited about following bill ", "doing what is this whatever it we also have a man named Tom Bergeron . On the phone mr. Bergeron. I haven't -- -- I'm excited about the nomination and I'm excited about following bill. Yeah I ", "current robust a little like speed of on yeah we have  Tom Bergeron  on today thousands daily threat last shot at. And it that and here's why they. The things I love about  Tom Bergeron  is he's good to do anything so Elizabeth just as Florida ", "a little like speed of -- on -- yeah -- we have Tom Bergeron on today thousands daily threat last shot at. And it turns out to tensile strength of our desk is such that he can jump -- -- -- yacht went down that and here's why they. The things I love about Tom Bergeron is he's good to do anything so Elizabeth just as Florida goes a little lower than a young woman. Yeah probably engines ", "Terrible lighten up and talk about Dancing With The Stars week three. From night you got a has to do with the drama  Tom Bergeron  came out and say this is not an April fool's joke it's prom night Kellie Pickler. She get a job and she did great ", "From night you got a -- has to do with the drama Tom Bergeron came out and say this is not an April fool's joke it's prom night -- Kellie Pickler. She get a job and ", "Stars fan favorites are returning to the stage for another chance at victory. Fresh on the heels of a big Emmy win  Tom Bergeron . ABC's David about those star studded. Lineup. Tonight the host of America's favorite ballroom show. against ", "chance at victory. Fresh on the heels of a big Emmy win Tom Bergeron . ABC's David -- -- about those star studded. Lineup. Tonight the host of America's favorite ballroom show. -- -- against barker himself. "]