['John Lamparski/WireImage/Getty Images) Last winter, reality show veteran Melissa Rycroft and her partner,  Tony Dovolani , won "Dancing with the Stars: All-Stars," and she\'s got some advice for tonight\'s finalists: Invest in ', "'Dancing With the Stars' Season 16: Louis Van Amstel, Sabrina Bryan Blog on Week 5", "side segment of the Cha Cha. I did see him mess up some counts as he fell slightly behind in the choreography next to  Tony Dovolani . This is an example of a mistake that most likely would've gone unnoticed if Tony wasn't there. Watching the ", "Johnson performed a cha cha cha next to dance dance pros  Tony Dovolani  and Emma Slater. Judges approved of Rademacher's partner, Mark Ballas, danced the samba next to pros  Tony Dovolani  and Witney Carson. Judges liked Raisman's effort ", 'contestant to be eliminated from the ballroom on this season\'s "Dancing With the Stars." Judd and her partner  Tony Dovolani  were voted off the show on Tuesday night, one week after Olympian Dorothy Hamill left the competition due to an injury ', 'her partner Derek Hough landed at the top of the leaderboard with 25 points out of 30 on "Dancing With the Stars" Monday night. Country star Wynonna Judd and her partner  Tony Dovolani  got the lowest score of the night with 15 points.', "content, but I agree with the judges that Jacoby's movement was very refined. Scores are good. Wynonna Judd and  Tony Dovolani 's . Argh, I so want to be positive and say great things, but I have to be honest and write what I see. I want ", "'Dancing With the Stars' Elimination: Wynonna Judd Voted Off in Week 3 of Season 16", 'felt about her time on the show, Judd replied: "I faced one of my biggest fears." She also said her pro partner,  Tony Dovolani , had become a lifetime friend. "I\'m a singer, not a dancer, and I did the best I could," she said, adding ', "'Dancing With the Stars' Elimination: Wynonna Judd Voted Off in Week 3 of Season 16", 'felt about her time on the show, Judd replied: "I faced one of my biggest fears." She also said her pro partner,  Tony Dovolani , had become a lifetime friend. "I\'m a singer, not a dancer, and I did the best I could," she said, adding ', "'Dancing With the Stars' Prom Night: Kellie Pickler Leads in Week 3 of Season 16", 'Lindsey Arnold: 23 Ingo Rademacher and Kym Johnson: 21 Lisa Vanderpump and Gleb Savchenko: 21 Sean Lowe and Peta Murgatroyd: 21 Andy Dick and Sharna Burgess: 18 D.L. Hughley and Cheryl Burke: 16 Wynonna Judd and  Tony Dovolani : 15', "Carrie Ann and the nice mix of positive feedback. Victor was cute with Brooke. The scores are fair. Wynonna Judd and  Tony Dovolani 's Quickstep : Looking at their package, it looks like Wynona is going to have a great journey on 'DWTS' this season ", 'and Tristan MacManus: 15; 21. Total: 36 Victor Ortiz and Lindsey Arnold: 18; 18. Total: 36 Wynonna Judd and  Tony Dovolani : 18; 18. Total: 36 Lisa Vanderpump and Gleb Savchenko: 18; 18. Total: 36 D.L. Hughley and Cheryl Burke ', "'Dancing With the Stars' Season 16: Zendaya Coleman Tops Score Board in Season Opener", 'legend danced and sassy cha cha cha with her pro partner  Tony Dovolani . Tonioli and Inaba commended Judd, but told her some Vanderpump and Gleb Savchenko: 18 Wynonna Judd and  Tony Dovolani : 18 Andy Dick and Sharna Burgess: 17 D.L. Hughley ', 'Ravens wide receiver, and his partner, Karina Smirnoff. -- Wynonna Judd, country music star, and her partner,  Tony Dovolani . -- Sean Lowe, "The Bachelor" star, and his partner, Peta Murgatroyd. --Victor Ortiz, boxer, and his partner ', "tonight for couples left only to make the next week's final so how many holding up under all the pressure. Dance pro  Tony Dovolani  dropped in on their last rehearsals he'll tell us more about it nobody's open up well. Should first take a look ", "final so how many holding up under all the pressure. Dance pro Tony Dovolani dropped in on their last rehearsals he'll tell us more about it nobody's open up well. Should first take a look at ", "sure to be very popular with the audience here with us now from the new cast get ready to welcome wynonna judd and  tony dovolani . Come on out! oh, yeah. Wow. Hello. So good to see you, wynonna. I don't want to let you. Go the reigning ", "now from the new cast get ready to welcome wynonna judd and tony dovolani . Come on out! oh, yeah. Wow. Hello. So good to see you, wynonna. I don't want to let you. Go the reigning ", "And joins us now from Pensacola Florida sent Tony no one else has been behind the scenes like you. This last week you seen them up close handicap. it's kind of thing because I think it's going to be. Really whoever makes a mistake that's going to be in trouble this week. All four couples have very", 'the stars" last night. Our friend wynonna judd and  tony dovolani . Here\'s a look at wynonna\'s response. I faced the tweet. Tonight was so hard. I\'m so sorry I let  tony dovolani  down and to all my fans who voted, thank you. You ', 'on "dancing with the stars" last night. Our friend wynonna judd and tony dovolani . Here\'s a look at wynonna\'s response. I faced one of my biggest fears and I\'ve made a lifetime friend out of tony, ', "with the tweet. Tonight was so hard. I'm so sorry I let tony dovolani down and to all my fans who voted, thank you. You can't really think -- tony will not allow you to think ", 'Tony Dovolani  and Maksim Chmerkovskiy are among the professionals poised for big return.', '"Dancing With the Stars" pro  Tony Dovolani  takes "GMA" behind the scenes of teams\' last-minute prep.']