['The  " X Factor " judge confirms that he is "seeing" Dennis Rodman\'s former wife.', "Is there already shake up at  the X - Factor  judges' table TMZ is reporting that British pop star  Cheryl Cole  is out. And former Pussycat Dolls her British accent is too thick.  Simon Cowell  Paula Abdul and LA Reid will be ", "Is there already shake up at the X - Factor judges' table TMZ is reporting that British pop star Cheryl Cole is out. And former Pussycat Dolls singer Nicole -- -- is her replacement. -- as a judge on the UK version of the show and a source tells DNC she was booted from the US virgin because her British accent is too thick. Simon Cowell Paula Abdul and LA Reid will be on the judging panel in the season and Begin airing in September. ", "wanted to be his own  Simon Cowell  has a talent for finding Collison. We expect. News  Simon Cowell  has been judging how being today. This used  Simon Cowell  was shocked to songs his own show. It's  the X - Factor  judges action consumer ", "in television last year because he wanted to be his own -- Simon Cowell has a talent for finding talent. But does he have that certain special something that draws people to you and make -- As he Collison. We expect. News Simon Cowell has been judging how America got was appalling with a -- -- I'm finding it -- up -- tough to -- You are terrible thing you are terrible sounds you have no charisma and cash and a let me take a hard time that it that it isn't there is anything like -- human being today. This used Simon Cowell was shocked to songs. -- have a -- he walked away from the most popular show on television American Idol. So that he could build his own show. It's the X - Factor judges -- action consumer is certainly didn't show away with one key difference this time is not just to judge. Homes and ", 'was here. Good to see you guys. First up, with a little "pop news." Britney spears created quite the circus on " the x - factor ." Previous reports of spears walking offstage while filming are true. Spears had a panic attack. And told cowell ', 'with a little "pop news." Britney spears created quite the circus on " the x - factor ." Previous reports of spears walking offstage while filming are true. Spears had a panic attack. And told cowell I\'m not sure i ', "But this perhaps I'm Cal's superior  the X - Factor  judge has been known to make a few waves it is painfully honest critiques but now Powell reportedly. Has raced to the rescue he ", "But this perhaps I'm -- Cal's superior -- the X - Factor judge has been known to make a few waves it is painfully honest critiques but now Powell reportedly. Has raced to the ", 'excessive self-promotion. And the very judgmental  simon cowell , who wiped out nearly all of the talent on  the  " x - factor " after just one season. If your boss possesses similar ', 'allegedly fired his own co-star for excessive self-promotion. And the very judgmental simon cowell , who wiped out nearly all of the talent on the " x - factor " after just one season. If your boss possesses similar traits, sutton explains how to survive. If you\'re stuck with at bosshole, advise ', 'for excessive self promotion. And the very judgmental  Simon Cowell  dreadful expected high today who wiped out nearly all of the talent on  the X - Factor  after just season. If your boss possess is similar ', "fired his own costar for excessive self promotion. And the very judgmental Simon Cowell dreadful expected high today who wiped out nearly all of the talent on the X - Factor after just -- season. If your boss possess is similar traits Sutton explains how to survive. You're stuck with the Basel then ", "I'm in hit show  the X - Factor  is coming to the United States today we thought we bring you. One of the most memorable moments from the London version twins ", "I'm in -- hit show the X - Factor is coming to the United States today we thought we bring you. One of the most memorable moments from the London version ", 'And last month, police swarmed  simon cowell \'s home after getting a call that " the x - factor "\'s host was being held hostage. But it was a hoax.  Simon cowell  didn\'t see the humor. Abbie ', 'has also been the VICTIM OF S.W.A.T.\'ing. And last month, police swarmed simon cowell\'s home after getting a call that " the x - factor "\'s host was being held hostage. But it was a hoax. Simon cowell didn\'t see the humor. Abbie boudreau, abc news, los angeles. ', "She's revealing of ever toxic side when it comes to  the X - Factor  specifically hurt her. Ricky reportedly my not holding Kelly stay on the new edition of the she's It's  Simon Cowell  seemed downright nice he actually has called her ruthless ", "accident well. She's revealing of ever toxic side when it comes to the X - Factor specifically hurt her. Ricky reportedly -- my not holding back -- a little bit from him. Honest criticism Kelly stay on the new edition of the -- -- she's -- -- It's Simon Cowell seemed downright nice he actually has called her -- ruthless and says quote -- is quite mean as you will discover. Judge ", "exactly that's exactly it should also X-Factor.  The X - Factor  which is doomed if the new American Idol. Certainly did not live up to expectations  Simon Cowell  is not as big of the stars He thinks you'll. But ", "to have an irreplaceable exactly that's exactly it should also -- X-Factor. The X - Factor which is doomed if the -- new American Idol. Certainly did not live up to expectations Simon Cowell is not as big of the stars He thinks you'll. But the ratings are good a lot of times listening to -- ", 'got crazy anywhere on the first day of auditions for  the X - Factor  TV reporting she stormed out after contested butcher whatever songs.  Simon Cowell  LA region to Daniel about it to decide. On the next ', 'she got crazy anywhere -- on the first day of auditions for the X - Factor TV reporting she stormed out after contested butcher whatever songs. -- Simon Cowell LA region to -- Daniel about it to decide. On the next four performers without -- red. Britney took to Twitter to ', 'Britney Spears has reportedly signed on as a judge of  the X - Factor . So that would be a huge for  Simon Cowell  also we may be seeing a lot more of Britney a contract ', 'that anyway. Britney Spears has reportedly signed on as a judge of the X - Factor . -- So that would be a huge -- for Simon Cowell also we may be seeing a lot more of Britney a contract worth fifteen million gallons since. ', 'tension between her and veteran judge  Simon Cowell  what god was a beloved fast. Come on you. The  Simon Cowell  left the show last made work on the American version of  the X - Factor . He wished the best telling the ', 'she first started viewers look for tension between her and veteran judge Simon Cowell what god was a -- beloved fast. -- -- -- -- Come on you. The -- -- Simon Cowell left the show last made -- work on the American version of the X - Factor . He wished -- the best telling the Hollywood reporter quote. I have huge respect for her she -- always been in control ', 'right mix especially after losing their sharp standout.  Simon Cowell  is launching his own talent show  the X - Factor  on fox. American Idol without Simon is likely the Ellen ', 'again find the right mix especially after losing their sharp -- standout. Simon Cowell is launching his own talent show the X - Factor on fox. American Idol without Simon is likely the Ellen talk show without -- in some weird is so small but -- ', "artists get their inspiration. In England he's taken on  Simon Cowell  and the British version of American Idol or  the X - Factor . I worry about the expects you've described as us ", "of these young artists get their inspiration. In England he's taken on Simon Cowell -- and the British version of American Idol or the X - Factor . I worry about the expects you've described as -- us but I do I think it's anticipation. -- it's this -- -- ", "artists get their inspiration. In England he's taken on  Simon Cowell  crow and the British version of American Idol  the X - Factor . I worry about the you've described as sole us a ", "of these young artists get their inspiration. In England he's taken on Simon Cowell crow and the British version of American Idol the X - Factor . I worry about the -- -- you've described as sole us a device I think it's anticipation. -- it's it's clever to ", "show's going to be the same but the good news is that  the X - Factor  his other show was gonna launch in 2011. So He says Simon has now decided that he's leaving take listen.  Simon Cowell  just announced that he's leaving idol. This will ", "show's going to be the same but the good news is that the X - Factor his other show was gonna launch in 2011. So He says because of launching X-Factor this was the last of the season on American Idol and of course. You know they've talked about -- coming on the show -- she was making a joke of it she says she's really trying not to take it personally that Simon has now decided that he's leaving take -- listen. Simon Cowell just announced that he's leaving idol. This will be his last season and -- He announced he's leaving. On my first -- "]