['Season 12 kicks off with new cast of designers bursting at seams with creativity.', 'this morning and so we did the we have to start a  Project Runway  on. And so I saw them getting ready for the shot but you know what was prominently featured on the  Project Runway . The storm data are at least this way that guy at ', "this morning and so we did the we have to start a Project Runway on. And so I saw them getting ready for the shot and -- -- Jennifer about fifteen minutes terrified that she was -- behind Robin. While they did the training and our lovely normally -- this well -- luckily our. And -- the -- in the orange it's gorgeous color it's perfect for the season indeed but you know what was prominently featured on the Project Runway . The storm data are at least this way that -- guy at minus that is reminiscent of a tablecloth but -- -- ", 'Deeley So You Think You Can Dance. Heidi and Tim  Project Runway . Ryan Seacrest American Idol. And Betty White Betty The Amazing Race. Shock. Dancing With The Stars.  Project Runway . So You Think You Can Dance. Top chef. And the ', "Deeley So You Think You Can Dance. Heidi -- and Tim -- Project Runway . Ryan Seacrest American Idol. And Betty White Betty white's off their rockers. Betty White -- I -- finally. The nominees for lead ", 'for reality competition program. The Amazing Race. Shock. Dancing With The Stars. Project Runway . So You Think You Can Dance. Top chef. And the voice. The nominees for a variety series are. The col -- reports. ', 'handbags, chic and exclusive, adorning the arms of hollywood celebrities. Now, the luxury designer who judged " project runway ," is asking a real-life judge to weigh in. Michael kors is suing costco for allegedly falsely advertising its ', 'adorning the arms of hollywood celebrities. Now, the luxury designer who judged " project runway ," is asking a real-life judge to weigh in. Michael kors is suing costco for allegedly falsely advertising its bags for at least ', "this. Okay including got a to show you Heidi Our already obviously she's rolling out her new season season twelve  Project Runway . But she's doing it with an advertisement Isis isn't billboard. It's been Little too racy for a Los Angeles ", "-- already -- obviously she's rolling out her new season season twelve Project Runway . But she's doing it with an advertisement -- Isis isn't billboard. It's been -- Little too racy for a Los Angeles if ", "They're coming out on saturday. I'm going to be here for seven weeks. Promotes mistresses and I'm the host of  project runway  all-stars. That's great. Let's talk about the show. You said I don't want to be on a show that glamorizes ", "be here for seven weeks. Promotes mistresses and I'm the host of project runway all-stars. That's great. Let's talk about the show. You said I don't want to be on a show that glamorizes adultery. That ", 'friend, tim gunn, and the newest judge to join " project runway " superstar zac posen. The show kicks off the 11th Thank you both for joiningus. The new season of " project runway " premiers tomorrow night on lifetime. Don\'t miss ', 'friend, tim gunn, and the newest judge to join " project runway " superstar zac posen. The show kicks off the 11th season tomorrow. Gentlemen, welcome. Thanks for being with us. Zac, why dou decide ', 'we can\'t wait. Thank you both for joiningus. The new season of " project runway " premiers tomorrow night on lifetime. Don\'t miss it. ', "America's favorite show  Project Runway  where they make such gorgeous clothes has named a new winner for season nine on yeah I don't from Trinidad and Tobago is here ", "America's favorite show Project Runway where they make such gorgeous clothes has named a new winner for season nine on yeah I don't -- from Trinidad and ", 'Let\'s get out to lara. Hard to believe we have been watching inspiring desirens make it work on " project runway " for ten seasons now. A brand new book celebrates the tenth season. Here to talk about this milestone, the dream team, our ', 'to believe we have been watching inspiring desirens make it work on " project runway " for ten seasons now. A brand new book celebrates the tenth season. Here to talk about this milestone, the dream team, our ', "of lead dominated. To hear this well let's take a little more can see what you all are talking about. Here is  Project Runway . Things yes are you colds and flu. Oh well I mean these are the fabric and god this is look. Yes tell me why this ", 'more can see what you all are talking about. Here -- is Project Runway . Things yes are you colds and flu. -- -- -- -- Oh well I mean these are the fabric and god this ', "of the military and penny Hughes yeah yeah I think that's your  Project Runway  and knowledge of high. Are you ready everybody who is now. What I cannot see why the show essentially her. Thursday on lifetime  Project Runway  Act.", "the military and penny Hughes -- yeah yeah I think that's your Project Runway and knowledge of high. Are you ready everybody who is now. What is the name the dog at the minute designer fabrics ", '-- I cannot see why the show essentially her. Thursday on lifetime Project Runway -- Act. ', "Project Runway  named it's season seven Thursday night Seth Aaron. regulation. You when a  Project Runway . that we have a special treat for you season seven winner of the hit show  Project Runway . Thanks so much for joining us today ", "Project Runway named it's season seven -- Thursday night and the winner is awarded 100000 dollars and the chance for their dream to live on with their collection. Narrowed down to three finalists the judges Heidi Klum Nina Garcia Michael -- and Faith Hill made their difficult decision. Seth Aaron. -- regulation. You -- when -- a Project Runway . -- that we have a special treat for you we are now joined by Seth Aaron Henderson the season seven winner of the hit show Project Runway . Thanks so much for joining us today. It think it so first of all congratulations on your big win how does -- ", 'He with a runner up on season nine a  Project Runway  now Joshua McKinley is back to win it all the latest installment of  Project Runway  all stars. Is currently airing on lifetime and we ', 'He with a runner up on season nine a Project Runway now Joshua McKinley is back to win it all the latest installment of Project Runway all stars. Is currently airing on lifetime and we got -- to right here to talk about the drama unfolding on the ', "We're joined by dream team from the Emmy nominated  Project Runway  host Heidi he's mentored tem Don alongside judges Michael scores. And Nina Garcia the also the fashion director for Marie Claire ", "We're joined by -- dream team from the Emmy nominated Project Runway host Heidi -- -- he's -- -- mentored tem Don alongside judges Michael scores. And Nina Garcia -- the -- also the ", "winner of season native  Project Runway  list the winning moment. Clinton. You're the winner. A project my. Come back to and it gives so. is so much. That's right ", "-- winner of season native Project Runway list the winning moment. Clinton. You're the winner. A project my. Come back to -- and it gives so. -- is so ", "Alternate runway happened last night for the final contestants this season's  Project Runway  and one designer was standing in his name is Seth Aaron Henderson. He's 38 years old he's from Vancouver much you're bursting ", "Alternate runway -- happened last night for the final contestants this season's Project Runway and one designer was -- standing in his name is Seth Aaron Henderson. He's 38 years old he's from Vancouver much you're ", "need a resident and you just know they have Doc Holliday. Yeah. Yeah. I got mice Guinea pig. And I president of  Project Runway  cash and angry the designer of these Guinea and Guinea pig couture customers don't that is simply get at yeah ", "Yeah. -- I -- got mice Guinea pig. And I president of Project Runway cash and angry -- the designer of these Guinea and Guinea pig couture customers don't that is simply get -- -- at ", "Probably more than any other gal that walks the red carpet. One by one designers were introduced an Oscars version of  Project Runway . Alan it was Dario it's at LA designer if I just wanted to actually capture all Hollywood glamour. Chicago designer ", "red carpet. One by one designers were introduced an Oscars version of Project Runway . Alan -- it was Dario it's at LA designer if I just wanted to actually capture all Hollywood glamour. Chicago designer Maria "]