["highly anticipated season of  real housewives of Atlanta  premieres tonight. And they're so happy to you so much they hate today and season in the  real housewives of Atlanta  premieres tonight at 9 eighths central on brought ", "-- highly anticipated season -- of real housewives of Atlanta premieres tonight. And they're so happy to have heaney and -- re here with us today welcome -- that's great to see ", "thank you so much they hate -- today and season in the real housewives of Atlanta premieres tonight at 9 eighths central on brought up. That's all the -- we have -- -- -- -- New York thanks ", "The current season of  real housewives of Atlanta  is delivering once again on all the drama we thank you so nice so no way to keep watching  real housewives of Atlanta  airs Sunday at 10:9 central on rob that's ", "The current season of real housewives of Atlanta is delivering once again on all the drama we love and this year -- introduced two new housewives and we're so happy ", "you so nice so -- -- -- no way to keep watching real housewives of Atlanta airs Sunday at 10:9 central on rob that's all the -- may have created and -- Romero in New York thanks for ", "Real housewives of Atlanta  is one of the most successful reality series of the real housewives wish you the best. All right favorite parts there from the  real housewives of Atlanta  you can catch that show Sunday's. At 10:9 central of course ", "Real housewives of Atlanta is one of the most successful reality series of the real housewives franchise in this season. They've added two new cast members ", "we wish you the best. All right favorite parts there from the real housewives of Atlanta you can catch that show Sunday's. At 10:9 central of course on Bravo. ", "latest entertainment. From ABC news now. The  real housewives of Atlanta  gave us the donkey booty. And now a new set you're going through us and obviously everyone the  real housewives of Atlanta  in the end that entire franchise and I think ", 'You -- your latest entertainment. From ABC news now. The real housewives of Atlanta gave us the donkey booty. And now -- a new set a fierce and funny divas in town that could give those ', "you're you're going through us and obviously everyone -- -- -- the real housewives of Atlanta in the end that entire franchise and I think a lot of people of wondered like -- those women have changed over ", '"The  real housewives of atlanta " are no strangers to on-screen shake-ups but it\'s thrown a real-life curveball for portia stuart\'s husband, kordell ', '"The real housewives of atlanta " are no strangers to on-screen shake-ups but it\'s thrown a real-life curveball for portia stuart\'s husband, kordell stewart has dropped a major ', "lives on our lives are on mounds of. Now of course you know your your big families so will cartel from their  real housewives of Atlanta  yeah. an attractive well she's. Sierra and get a divorce you just announced via Twitter that she's splitting ", "course you know your your big families so will cartel from their real housewives of Atlanta yeah. -- an attractive -- well she's. Sierra and get a divorce you just announced via Twitter that she's splitting from her ", "scare at fifty years old yeah. There isn't a salacious scenario these social climbers haven't lived on the  real housewives of Atlanta  Miami New York DC New Jersey. Beverly Hills and Orange County. I love it. And it's fascinating and I can't ", "There isn't a salacious scenario these social climbers haven't lived on the real housewives of Atlanta Miami New York DC New Jersey. Beverly Hills and Orange County. I love it. And it's fascinating and I can't get enough ", "women want something even Hollywood couldn't figure out in the movie what women want. And in TV shows like the  real housewives of Atlanta . We're even candy is trying to answer that question with her own line of sex toys are women that's needed ", "in the movie what women want. And in TV shows like the real housewives of Atlanta . We're even candy is trying to answer that question with her own line of sex toys are women that's needed sold at ", "ever we're not the are not the actual size of the hearings look at these. Don't want any leaks from the  real housewives of Atlanta . The weight of these giant hearings is actually stretching here loves and creating a sign of aging that more ", "of the hearings look at these. Don't want any leaks from the real housewives of Atlanta . The weight of these giant hearings is actually stretching here loves and creating a sign of aging that more and more women ", "Think we have I guess you right now we're talking about Grammy Award winning singer songwriter and  real housewives of Atlanta  star candy Burris she joins us they'd give us the scoop on the show and her sicker candy great to see a black ", "you right now we're talking about Grammy Award winning singer songwriter and real housewives of Atlanta star candy Burris she joins us they'd give us the scoop on the show and her -- sicker candy great to see ", "sale. Well let's let's move on and talk a little bit about what's going on with housewives Z. From the  real housewives of Atlanta  you guys had an exclusive interview about her in her pregnancy what did you learn. That's right she bared ", "little bit about what's going on with housewives -- Z. From the real housewives of Atlanta you guys had an exclusive interview about her in her pregnancy what did you learn. That's right -- -- she bared her ", 'have a little girl a little mini car Interstate Natalie fantasy now before imaging I would have to ask about the  real housewives of Atlanta  From that show is also on Celebrity Apprentice now what this feud she has with and the. Well this feud is ongoing ', 'now -- before -- imaging I would have to ask about the real housewives of Atlanta -- From that show is also on Celebrity Apprentice now what this feud she has with -- and the. Well this feud ', "real housewives of New York made their debut. It was less luxury. More sites. I'm coming days. Visit the  real housewives of Atlanta  cranked up the crazy and became ratings gold. I'm guilty pleasure viewers just couldn't turn away from ", "It was less luxury. More -- sites. I'm coming days. Visit the real housewives of Atlanta cranked up the crazy and became ratings gold. I'm guilty pleasure viewers just couldn't turn away from. But why are we look ", "sports. Have yet it's wrecked my Sunday via the primary it lot of these fourth of Batavia. You to watch that  real housewives of Atlanta . Patent threats are. The semi scripted shows you a letter written in and you have a strong back. Brown an ", 'it lot of these fourth of Batavia. You -- to watch that real housewives of Atlanta . Patent threats are. The semi scripted shows you a letter written in -- and you have a strong back. Brown an improper ', "What would happen. If he took a conversation from this week's episode of the  real housewives of Atlanta  and combined it old episode. Of the Flintstones. The answer. We go now to the videotape. It's being yeah it is anybody sitting ", "happen. If he took a conversation from this week's episode of the real housewives of Atlanta and combined it -- old episode. Of the Flintstones. The answer. We go now to the videotape. -- -- -- -- -- ", "they care become a character and and of itself. To be attacked by without some are willing and Hands off on the  real housewives of Atlanta  look at charade go after him away I wonder the tax. Can ball on the ground and didn't come often I don't ", "by without some are willing and -- -- Hands off on the real housewives of Atlanta -- look at charade go after him away I wonder -- -- the tax. Can ball on the ground and didn't come ", "a character and and of itself. To be attacked by without some are willing I don't know. Hands off on the  real housewives of Atlanta  look at charade go after him away I wonder how the tax. Can ball on the ground and didn't come not like him ", "some are willing -- -- I don't know. Hands off on the real housewives of Atlanta look at charade go after him away I wonder how -- the tax. Can ball on the ground and didn't come -- ", "side by side 1000 aren't verse pondered it. figures for second. For your company topic but compared to the  real housewives of Atlanta  or maybe New York. interesting I was just in Atlantic yesterday in the New York today and that when I shown ", '-- figures for second. For your company topic but compared to the real housewives of Atlanta or maybe New York. -- -- interesting I was just in Atlantic yesterday in the New York today and that when I ']