['43, has already begun to perform again, kicking off the GMA concert series with Miguel last week. Last week,  Randy Jackson , who announced that he would also be leaving the singing competition , told ABC News that after 12 years, "I just ', 'involving the judges themselves, "American Idol" judge  Randy Jackson  is leaving the show, saying his long stint had run possible on television?" Golodryga asked. RELATED:  Randy Jackson  is Leaving \'American Idol\' Jackson\'s answer was ', 'coming to work every day and that\'s a rarity." These days, question is, who will his colleagues be? Last week,  Randy Jackson  announced that this season will be his last and Nicki Minaj\'s time on the show may be winding down as well . But ', 'Nicki Minaj could be the next judge to exit "American Idol," following  Randy Jackson  \'s announcement that he\'s leaving the show after 12 seasons. Us Weekly quotes an inside source saying, "It\'s safe to say ', '(Photo credit: Fox) It\'s the end of an era. After 12 years as a judge on "American Idol,"  Randy Jackson  is leaving the show. "I have decided it is time to leave after this season," he said in a statement to various media outlets ', 'The Wrap quoted an industry insider saying the show plans to start with a clean slate, giving even original judge  Randy Jackson  the boot as well as longtime producer Nigel Lythgoe. The report goes on to add that, despite other media reports ', 'Love you, baby," for his wife from off-camera. MORE: \'American Idol\': Nicki Minaj and Keith Urban to Join  Randy Jackson  and Mariah Carey on Judging Panel Asked how her family has affected her career, she replied: "At times, it\'s ', 'hopeful Summer Cunningham try out with Bill Withers\' "Lean On Me." All the judges liked the performance, with  Randy Jackson  telling her that she should sing country. Cunningham responded that she\'d "tried the country thing" and was now ', 'premiere, but there were actual auditions happening in between the fighting. Fellow newbie Keith Urban and veteran judge  Randy Jackson  sat in between the dueling divas as the panel listened to Idol hopefuls in New York City. In the end, 41 contestants ', 't in self control. Get in control, get in control," Minaj is seen saying on the video while \'Idol\' judge  Randy Jackson  tells her to settle down. "Don\'t lose your head," Minaj says. "Don\'t lose your head. Don\'t tell me I\'m ', 'American Idol\': Nicki Minaj and Keith Urban to Join  Randy Jackson  and Mariah Carey on Judging Carey and Minaj, 29, were conference by fellow new judge Keith Urban, veteran judge  Randy Jackson  and "American Idol" host Ryan Seacrest. "We\'re ', "'American Idol': Nicki Minaj and Keith Urban to Join Randy Jackson  and Mariah Carey on Judging Panel", 'panel along with singer Mariah Carey and returning judge  Randy Jackson , Fox announced in a news release today. "I am thrilled global icon Mariah Carey and IDOL\'s heart and soul  Randy Jackson , who will be joined by Nicki Minaj and Keith Urban ', "wouldn't trade it for the world to focus on the music. Why. And of course these two departures of Kerry in the follow.  Randy Jackson  the only original member who said that he's got to focus on company and other business ventures. So would only leave ", "And of course these two departures of Kerry in the -- follow. Randy Jackson the only original member who said that he's got to focus on -- company and other business ventures. So would only leave ", 'index," "american idol" judge  randy jackson  after 12 years on the show with countless auditions dog. Reporter: He is the tail that wags the dog.  Randy jackson , one of the original cast members of "american idol ', 'index," "american idol" judge randy jackson after 12 years on the show with countless auditions, performances and lots of drama involving the judges themselves, jackson has announced he is moving on. Abc\'s bianna golodryga has the story. So, yo, dog. Reporter: He is the tail that wags the dog. Randy jackson , one of the original cast members of "american idol," a fixture seated on the judges\' panel for 12 years. You are who ', "Yeah. The  Randy Jackson  State senator Randy and nicest guy told interviewed and became huge fan yet anyway he's going to be back on American Idol he ", "-- -- -- -- -- Yeah. The Randy Jackson State senator Randy -- and nicest guy told interviewed -- -- and became huge fan yet anyway he's going to be back ", "watch American Idol each week no  Randy Jackson 's always in it to win it this contestants who's got the edge.  Randy Jackson  himself ready what was shelf Idol airs Wednesday nights on fox  Randy Jackson  always a pleasure thank you sir ", "right the millions of viewers who watch American Idol each week no Randy Jackson's always in it to win it this show is -- -- finally contestants who's got the edge. -- -- Randy Jackson himself ready what was shelf. Thank you so much -- to be here it's a pleasure to meet you all right at ", 'to thank you Randy -- American Idol airs Wednesday nights on fox Randy Jackson always a pleasure thank you sir. ', "that shows kind of the juggernaut sort of stopped.  Randy Jackson  a laughter original judges announcing that he's you know yellow dog and had I don't know about this  Randy Jackson  guys kind of like my feeling is getting him. He is ", "the feeling that shows kind of the juggernaut -- sort of stopped. Randy Jackson -- a laughter original judges announcing that he's. Twelve season -- he basically said death. To put all the special speculation to rest up twelve years of judging on idol I decided to leave after this season I'm very proud of how we forever changed television. And the music industry's 56 years old he's a he's a producer on the basis and he wants to focus on his record label and other business opportunities. I just say I interviewed Randy here at ABC band you know. I don't know how to say -- you know yellow dog and had -- I don't know about this Randy Jackson guys kind of like my feeling is getting him. He is the greatest nicest most sincere talented guy and my real music ", "story that might be uplifting for American Idol fans I think this is had so much trouble controversy Mariah and got  Randy Jackson  Melissa this Jennifer what's ahead may need an American Idol judges and that kind of contestant turned superstar ", "-- -- had so much trouble controversy Mariah and -- -- got Randy Jackson -- -- Melissa this Jennifer what's ahead may need an American Idol judges and that kind of -- contestant turned superstar Jennifer ", 'Tyler, J. Lo and  Randy Jackson  could leave the judge\'s desk on "American Idol."']