["of new beginnings and actress  Kate Walsh 's life for her new marriage this month. To her new show  private practice  which debuts tonight right here copies of the plant Get this  private practice  which premieres tonight. listen ", "It's a time of new beginnings and actress Kate Walsh's life for her new marriage earlier this month. To her new show private practice which debuts tonight right here on ABC yes the woman who broke the previous heart is having a dreamy moment of her ", "anyone -- tickets appear copies of the plant -- Get this -- private practice which premieres tonight. -- listen com. You're moving here. But didn't have anything to do me kissing him when it's okay assistant. ", "Kate Walsh  plays doctor Addison Montgomery on  private practice  and what her character character of Vienna on  private practice  or Grey's Anatomy real Kate yes tonight's back  private practice  it is back airs tonight ", "Kate Walsh plays doctor Addison Montgomery on private practice and what her character isn't saving -- Think she's making time with some of -- Hottest stars on TV nice work if you can get a girlfriend -- tonight's episode -- takes a leap into uncharted romantic territory and Kate is here. To tell us all about it it's great to have you back with us thinking -- am so some of our young staffers. Women when we ask you this question because your character of Vienna on private practice or Grey's Anatomy -- -- -- real hot it gets jail and so lovely young staff the under the wanted to know. ", "our best that we will be watching and Kate yes tonight's back private practice it is back airs tonight at every Thursday at ten. Eastern right here on CBC -- ", "We all know and love her as doctor Addison Montgomery on  private practice  in Grey's Anatomy but.  Kate Walsh  is more than just an actress she is a strategic business woman who has a billionaire boyfriend. Just for you seriously. that ", "We all know and love her as doctor Addison Montgomery on private practice in Grey's Anatomy but. Kate Walsh is more than just an actress she is a strategic business woman who has a billionaire boyfriend. Just for you seriously. -- ", 'revealing interview with more magazine  private practice  star  Kate Walsh  opened up about a major regret. Even though she has hit TV show the 43 year old actress says she feels like a loser for never ', '-- revealing interview with -- more magazine private practice star Kate Walsh opened up about a major regret. Even though she has hit TV show the 43 year old actress says she feels like ', "according to studio this morning things are heating up over a  private practice  and Kate here with a sneak peek at all that. Drama coming because. This all makes sense that you see that's for  private practice . Can't tell anybody you cannot tell the other you have ", 'according to -- studio this morning things are heating up over a private practice and Kate here with a sneak peek at all that. Drama coming up for doctor Montgomery in the second season is -- ', "play clip because. This all makes sense that you see that's for private practice . Can't tell anybody you cannot tell the other you have to promise and I can't promise what are you change the practice. ", "Grey's is  Kate Walsh  is here she's one of the hottest stars on TV in the future is mine from medical school and I'm going to visit as and Formed a  private practice  so other friends first and then worked together seconds having ", "medical school and I'm going to visit as and -- Formed a private practice so other friends first and then worked together seconds having apology a little more of the -- little more of her life ", "strengths which means. Musical numbers. To. That is  private practice  star Kate Welch had reportedly split from her husband of shows in three times. If you haven't been keeping up a  private practice  you continue to soak it all day New Year's Day as we ", "will be ten strengths which means. -- Musical numbers. To. That is private practice star Kate Welch had reportedly split from her husband of one year -- you know. We of course which -- all the best and hope that her life mirrors that of her character Addison Montgomery that. After her divorce she remains as several shortly handsome men across two shows in three times. If you haven't been keeping up a private practice you continue to soak it all day New Year's Day as we run a marathon of episodes from this past season and ", "Aniston so I'm sure once those moves are. an end here has been looking good at being in shape  Kate Walsh  of phone Grey's Anatomy and  private practice  saying she is on the cover of shape magazine your breasts but. Didn't have run four years ", "-- an end here has been looking good at being in shape Kate Walsh of phone Grey's Anatomy and private practice saying she is on the cover of shape magazine -- your breasts but. Didn't have run four years old Jesus -- right ", "Piece of news that just broke our friend  Kate Walsh  has decided to move on from.  Private practice  that in and yet she was it and it just announced the hottest  private practice  live without  Kate Walsh  I would imagine I don't know that strong ", "show. Landing a big. Piece of news that just broke our friend Kate Walsh has decided to move on from. Private practice that in and yet she was it and it just announced and you know you've worked with are as he's gotten crossover. How does the hottest private practice live without Kate Walsh I would imagine I don't know that -- strong characters there -- -- W really insisting she's so much fun kid I ", "we've all sorts of information. number of different sides rounding things out with  private practice  the show has apparently made the decision to surround  Kate Walsh  with his and and then as possible at all. Tim Daly dictating the receptionists ", "of information. -- -- number of different sides rounding things out with private practice the show has apparently made the decision to surround Kate Walsh with his -- and and then as possible at all. Tim Daly dictating the -- receptionists. Isn't enough. Apparently not because we're "]