['Extended Recall List: Castleberry&rsquo;s Hot Dog Chili Sauce and Canned Meat Products', 'British scientists have developed a new way of joining and rebuilding molecules and used it to refine the anti-wrinkle treatment Botox in an effort to improve its us...', 'Botox, fillers and chemical peels were among the most popular cosmetic treatments in the United States and fueled growth in the plastic surgery industry for the thir...', 'People should immediately throw away more than 90 different products, from chili sauce to corned beef hash to dog food, produced at a plant linked to a botulism outb...', 'The popular Botox wrinkle treatment made by Allergan Inc has been approved to treat adults with overactive bladder who cannot tolerate or failed to be helped by othe...', 'Allergan Inc. ( AGN ), a maker of pharmaceutical products, on Monday said the Food and Drug Administration ( search ) filed an affidavit in a federal court that show...', 'Presents delivered and unwrapped. Check.Champagne chilled and corks popped. Check.Favorite NFL teams excruciatingly eliminated from playoffs. Check.OK, having dispen...', 'Destination Health: This embarrassing problem affects both men and women. Dr. Manny talks about many treatments that can help patients get their lives back', 'Certain types of olives and soup sold across the US were being recalled by distributor United Natural Foods, Inc. (UNFI) amid fears that they could be tainted with a...', "The ingredient in a Botox injection probably won't help ease neck pain, nor will it help neck pain sufferers do physical activities any better or improve their quali...", 'GlaxoSmithKline said on Monday it was investigating new allegations that its staff had used improper tactics to market Botox in China, but had so far found no eviden...', 'Are you a typical American teenager who sends more than 1,000 text messages each month? If so, Botox might impair your communication prowess, suggests a new report o...', 'Botox injections may provide some relief from arm tremors caused by multiple sclerosis, according to a small study published Monday. Botulinum toxin type A is sold u...', 'Botox is one of the most widely used beauty treatments to eliminate the signs of aging, but a new study suggests the cosmetic injection may actually cause extra wrin...']