['white "ballot" dress. Later in Dubuque, Iowa, rocker John Mellencamp will perform, and actress  Kate Walsh  of ABC\'s " Private Practice " and "Grey\'s Anatomy" will address the crowd. Dave Matthews will open for Obama at a late-night ', 'white "ballot" dress. Later in Dubuque, Iowa, rocker John Mellencamp will perform, and actress  Kate Walsh  of ABC\'s " Private Practice " and "Grey\'s Anatomy" will address the crowd. Dave Matthews will open for Obama at a late-night ', 'Celebrity Sleepovers: Comedian and Filmmaker Mark Malkoff Cozies Up to the Stars', 'to him, including actress  Kate Walsh , singer-songwriter Lisa stories with ABCNews.com.  Kate Walsh  One star that shocked Malkoff by accepting was " Private Practice " star  Kate Walsh . "Kate got back from filming ', 'In the April issue of More magazine ,  Kate Walsh  , the 43-year-old star of " Private Practice ," expressed remorse for not having children though they once considered adoption.  Kate Walsh , Oprah and Other Childless Stars Speak ', 'Derek was married to when he slept with Meredith. Played by  Kate Walsh  , Addison divorced Derek and moved to a private clinic in Los Angeles for her spinoff show " Private Practice ." Addison was just one of the obstacles the star-crossed ', 'Kate Walsh  is hoping to avoid joining the ranks online, the star of the ABC show " Private Practice " has taken the pre-emptive measure supporting their ex\'s after they split.  Kate Walsh  and estranged husband Alex Young ', 'Grey\'s Anatomy" (ABC, 9 ET/PT) Addy\'s back -- but don\'t get reattached. With " Private Practice " on hiatus until fall,  Kate Walsh  makes a one-night return visit to her former (and better) stomping grounds. May 5: "Two ', 'Streep, with whom she shared a scene in The Devil Wears Prada. Also among the "wicked":  Kate Walsh , whom she appeared alongside in  Private Practice \'s first episode. And perhaps the most wicked of all: Josh Holloway, one of her new actor ', 'gabfest scurried to and fro managing the bustle of activity in rooms designated for today\'s co-host, " Private Practice " star  Kate Walsh , and "Little Miss Sunshine\'s" Abigail Breslin, Paul was quiet and speculative. The Texas representative ', "marches straight into the henhouse. He'll appear opposite Whoopi, Barbara Walters, Joy Behar and  Kate Walsh  of Gray's Anatomy and  Private Practice  fame, who co hosting in the absence of Elizabeth Hasselbeck on ABC's woman-oriented chat show 'The ", "marches straight into the henhouse. He'll appear opposite Whoopi, Barbara Walters, Joy Behar and  Kate Walsh  of Gray's Anatomy and  Private Practice  fame, who co hosting in the absence of Elizabeth Hasselbeck on ABC's woman-oriented chat show ", 'you who are not up to date on your  private practice  we have a spoiler alert doctor Addison with transitioning from grades to  private practice  was like what happens when. you grow well and it shows but possibly we in  private practice  perfume is called. His billionaire ', 'For those of you who are not up to date on your private practice we have a spoiler alert doctor Addison Montgomery. She got quite a little surprise last episode a big people I love her ', "that the unit Hasan had started with -- transitioning from grades to private practice was like what happens when. -- -- you grow up you get everything on line and so it's really -- of people ", 'and -- yeah well and it shows but possibly we -- in private practice perfume is called. His -- billionaire my friend is everybody needs one yard -- -- back to act as we love having ', "of new beginnings and actress  Kate Walsh 's life for her new marriage this month. To her new show  private practice  which debuts tonight right here copies of the plant Get this  private practice  which premieres tonight. listen ", "It's a time of new beginnings and actress Kate Walsh's life for her new marriage earlier this month. To her new show private practice which debuts tonight right here on ABC yes the woman who broke the previous heart is having a dreamy moment of her ", "anyone -- tickets appear copies of the plant -- Get this -- private practice which premieres tonight. -- listen com. You're moving here. But didn't have anything to do me kissing him when it's okay assistant. ", "Kate Walsh  plays doctor Addison Montgomery on  private practice  and what her character character of Vienna on  private practice  or Grey's Anatomy real Kate yes tonight's back  private practice  it is back airs tonight ", "Kate Walsh plays doctor Addison Montgomery on private practice and what her character isn't saving -- Think she's making time with some of -- Hottest stars on TV nice work if you can get a girlfriend -- tonight's episode -- takes a leap into uncharted romantic territory and Kate is here. To tell us all about it it's great to have you back with us thinking -- am so some of our young staffers. Women when we ask you this question because your character of Vienna on private practice or Grey's Anatomy -- -- -- real hot it gets jail and so lovely young staff the under the wanted to know. ", "our best that we will be watching and Kate yes tonight's back private practice it is back airs tonight at every Thursday at ten. Eastern right here on CBC -- ", "We all know and love her as doctor Addison Montgomery on  private practice  in Grey's Anatomy but.  Kate Walsh  is more than just an actress she is a strategic business woman who has a billionaire boyfriend. Just for you seriously. that ", "We all know and love her as doctor Addison Montgomery on private practice in Grey's Anatomy but. Kate Walsh is more than just an actress she is a strategic business woman who has a billionaire boyfriend. Just for you seriously. -- ", 'revealing interview with more magazine  private practice  star  Kate Walsh  opened up about a major regret. Even though she has hit TV show the 43 year old actress says she feels like a loser for never ', '-- revealing interview with -- more magazine private practice star Kate Walsh opened up about a major regret. Even though she has hit TV show the 43 year old actress says she feels like ', "according to studio this morning things are heating up over a  private practice  and Kate here with a sneak peek at all that. Drama coming because. This all makes sense that you see that's for  private practice . Can't tell anybody you cannot tell the other you have ", 'according to -- studio this morning things are heating up over a private practice and Kate here with a sneak peek at all that. Drama coming up for doctor Montgomery in the second season is -- ', "play clip because. This all makes sense that you see that's for private practice . Can't tell anybody you cannot tell the other you have to promise and I can't promise what are you change the practice. ", "Grey's is  Kate Walsh  is here she's one of the hottest stars on TV in the future is mine from medical school and I'm going to visit as and Formed a  private practice  so other friends first and then worked together seconds having ", "medical school and I'm going to visit as and -- Formed a private practice so other friends first and then worked together seconds having apology a little more of the -- little more of her life "]