['don\'t really watch that much either because of my daughter," she said, noting she still only keeps in touch with  Ramona Singer  and Sonja Morgan from the New York show, NeNe Leaks of Atlanta fame and Kyle Richards of the Beverly Hills franchise ', 'impact on how the body responds to treat a cold."  Ramona Singer  Another star who touts the benefits of Emergen-C is "Real Housewives of New York" star  Ramona Singer . "If I feel like something\'s coming on, I take ', 'impact on how the body responds to treat a cold."  Ramona Singer  Another star who touts the benefits of Emergen-C is "Real Housewives of New York" star  Ramona Singer . "If I feel like something\'s coming on, I take ', 'from the show last week, along with cast members Jill Zarin , Cindy Barshop and Kelly Bensimon. The mass firings leave  Ramona Singer , LuAnn DeLesseps and Sonja Morgan on the show for Season 5, along with three still unnamed new cast members, all said ', 'castmates had been fired. "It didn\'t matter. They had made their decision." With Zarin and McCord out, only  Ramona Singer  and LuAnn DeLesseps remain as the only two members of the original cast to survive through to Season 5. The third ', 'housewives together in a crying, screaming and finger-pointing recap of the past season. The mass firings now leave  Ramona Singer  and LuAnn DeLesseps as the only two members of the original cast to survive through to Season 5. The third housewife ', 'currently separated), wrote a book on etiquette called "Class with the Countess," and another New York housewife,  Ramona Singer , launched a skincare line. Frankel chose to go on the show to expand her image as a celebrity chef. "Two years ', 'I wouldn\'t trade it for anything. If we didn\'t want to be where we are today, we\'d be somewhere else.  Ramona Singer  Stats: Self-proclaimed "sexy mom" who met her husband, Mario, at the gym. He owns an award and trophy business ', 'They were joined by  Ramona singer  she is of course one of the stars of the real housewives of New York City and also a very successful businesswoman thank you so ', 'They were joined by Ramona singer she is of course one of the stars of the real housewives of New York City and also a very successful businesswoman ', 'Luann De Lesseps, Sonja Morgan,  Ramona Singer  dish on drama from seasons 4 and 5', "inside the lives of ladies who lunch. On the hit show the real housewives of New York. Now returning for season five  Ramona singer . Sonia Morgan my actions. Knew and didn't last unlocks you called and threatened me cell phone I'm data into ", "show the real housewives of New York. Now returning for season five Ramona singer . Sonia Morgan -- -- -- my actions. Knew and didn't last unlocks you called and threatened me cell phone I'm data into "]