['last. Porsha Stewart The " Real Housewives of Atlanta " star told ABC News in seemed so in love on "The  Real Housewives of Atlanta ," Hartwell filed in 2011 happen for a reason," the " Real Housewives of Atlanta " star told Us Weekly of ', 'In her breakout first season starring on " Real Housewives of Atlanta ," Porsha Stewart often turned to Twitter to Stewart, was filing for divorce. READ MORE: \' Real Housewives of Atlanta \' Divorce Shocker "I literally was lying in ', 'ambassador for Qantas airlines. She is a certified nutritionist and health food enthusiast. Cynthia Bailey, a " Real Housewives of Atlanta " cast member and founder of the Bailey Agency School of Fashion in Atlanta, says that while having a contract ', 'the models who would appear in the magazine, Clements added. Cynthia Bailey, a model, star of Bravo\'s " Real Housewives of Atlanta " and CEO of the Bailey Agency in Atlanta, says she has seen models go through "real extremes" to avoid gaining ', 'Stewart has reportedly filed for divorce from his wife Porsha Williams, who stars in the hit reality TV show "The  Real Housewives of Atlanta ." Stewart filed the divorce papers on March 22, according to a report on website TMZ . The filing took Williams ', 'Zimmerman earlier this year sparked outrage and protests around the country. NeNe Leakes, who stars in "The  Real Housewives of Atlanta ," appears on the cover of the issue, which hits newsstands Nov. 5. Click HERE to follow Robin\'s journey ', 'citizens thanks to a certain quintet of as-seen-on-TV stars. "If the flashy reality-TV stars of \'The  Real Housewives of Atlanta \' are at all indicative of how the rest of Atlanta dresses, it\'s no wonder our readers ranked it as America\'s ', '2000 movie, "What Women Want," starring Mel Gibson. Television shows like "Sex and the City" and "The  Real Housewives of Atlanta " (Kandi, the series\' star, launched her own line of sex toys for women), have all tried to tap into that ', 'Derek J, known for his flamboyant fashion, the highest of heels, and over-the-top creations on Bravo\'s " Real Housewives of Atlanta  ." He was also prominently featured in Chris Rock\'s documentary about the African American hair industry ', 'Move over Ramona, NeNe , Gretchen, and Camille . Author and Christian relationship advice columnist Ty Adams has created a spoof version of Bravo\'s infamous franchise called "The Real Housewives of the Bible." It will be a two-part, straight-to-DVD series and will be out next month. "I was', 'Real Housewives of New York" premiered, a version that was less about luxury and more about catfights. "The  Real Housewives of Atlanta " followed, cranking up the drama to a whole new level. Watch the "20/20" special, "Reality Rule ', 'preparations. "I don\'t see any down side," she said about primping. Just this week on television\'s "The  Real Housewives of Atlanta ," pregnant reality star Phaedra Parks packed up her glamour hospital bag. "She had 10 grand worth of pre-labor ', 'coach to curb my Canadian accent...eh? 12) America has been very good to me -- you know 13) I love the  Real Housewives of Atlanta , NYC and Orange County...meow! 14) I am extremely grateful to the handful of people who have believed ', "celebrity stylist Derek. Known for his flamboyant fashion the highest of heels. And over the top creations on the  real housewives of Atlanta  how. My better and I am I have. The documentary good hair it wasn't just his scissors skills but unique ability ", "fashion the highest of heels. And over the top creations on the real housewives of Atlanta how. My better and I am I have. The documentary good hair it wasn't just his scissors skills but -- unique ability ", "highly anticipated season of  real housewives of Atlanta  premieres tonight. And they're so happy to you so much they hate today and season in the  real housewives of Atlanta  premieres tonight at 9 eighths central on brought ", "-- highly anticipated season -- of real housewives of Atlanta premieres tonight. And they're so happy to have heaney and -- re here with us today welcome -- that's great to see ", "thank you so much they hate -- today and season in the real housewives of Atlanta premieres tonight at 9 eighths central on brought up. That's all the -- we have -- -- -- -- New York thanks ", "The current season of  real housewives of Atlanta  is delivering once again on all the drama we thank you so nice so no way to keep watching  real housewives of Atlanta  airs Sunday at 10:9 central on rob that's ", "The current season of real housewives of Atlanta is delivering once again on all the drama we love and this year -- introduced two new housewives and we're so happy ", "you so nice so -- -- -- no way to keep watching real housewives of Atlanta airs Sunday at 10:9 central on rob that's all the -- may have created and -- Romero in New York thanks for ", "Real housewives of Atlanta  is one of the most successful reality series of the real housewives wish you the best. All right favorite parts there from the  real housewives of Atlanta  you can catch that show Sunday's. At 10:9 central of course ", "Real housewives of Atlanta is one of the most successful reality series of the real housewives franchise in this season. They've added two new cast members ", "we wish you the best. All right favorite parts there from the real housewives of Atlanta you can catch that show Sunday's. At 10:9 central of course on Bravo. ", "latest entertainment. From ABC news now. The  real housewives of Atlanta  gave us the donkey booty. And now a new set you're going through us and obviously everyone the  real housewives of Atlanta  in the end that entire franchise and I think ", 'You -- your latest entertainment. From ABC news now. The real housewives of Atlanta gave us the donkey booty. And now -- a new set a fierce and funny divas in town that could give those ', "you're you're going through us and obviously everyone -- -- -- the real housewives of Atlanta in the end that entire franchise and I think a lot of people of wondered like -- those women have changed over ", '"The  real housewives of atlanta " are no strangers to on-screen shake-ups but it\'s thrown a real-life curveball for portia stuart\'s husband, kordell ', '"The real housewives of atlanta " are no strangers to on-screen shake-ups but it\'s thrown a real-life curveball for portia stuart\'s husband, kordell stewart has dropped a major ', "lives on our lives are on mounds of. Now of course you know your your big families so will cartel from their  real housewives of Atlanta  yeah. an attractive well she's. Sierra and get a divorce you just announced via Twitter that she's splitting ", "course you know your your big families so will cartel from their real housewives of Atlanta yeah. -- an attractive -- well she's. Sierra and get a divorce you just announced via Twitter that she's splitting from her "]