['Nicki Minaj and Mariah Carey will not be returning to "American Idol" next season.', 'index," "american idol" judge  randy jackson  after 12 years on the show with countless auditions dog. Reporter: He is the tail that wags the dog.  Randy jackson , one of the original cast members of "american idol ', 'index," "american idol" judge randy jackson after 12 years on the show with countless auditions, performances and lots of drama involving the judges themselves, jackson has announced he is moving on. Abc\'s bianna golodryga has the story. So, yo, dog. Reporter: He is the tail that wags the dog. Randy jackson , one of the original cast members of "american idol," a fixture seated on the judges\' panel for 12 years. You are who ', "Yeah. The  Randy Jackson  State senator Randy and nicest guy told interviewed and became huge fan yet anyway he's going to be back on American Idol he ", "-- -- -- -- -- Yeah. The Randy Jackson State senator Randy -- and nicest guy told interviewed -- -- and became huge fan yet anyway he's going to be back ", "watch American Idol each week no  Randy Jackson 's always in it to win it this contestants who's got the edge.  Randy Jackson  himself ready what was shelf Idol airs Wednesday nights on fox  Randy Jackson  always a pleasure thank you sir ", "right the millions of viewers who watch American Idol each week no Randy Jackson's always in it to win it this show is -- -- finally contestants who's got the edge. -- -- Randy Jackson himself ready what was shelf. Thank you so much -- to be here it's a pleasure to meet you all right at ", 'to thank you Randy -- American Idol airs Wednesday nights on fox Randy Jackson always a pleasure thank you sir. ', "that shows kind of the juggernaut sort of stopped.  Randy Jackson  a laughter original judges announcing that he's you know yellow dog and had I don't know about this  Randy Jackson  guys kind of like my feeling is getting him. He is ", "the feeling that shows kind of the juggernaut -- sort of stopped. Randy Jackson -- a laughter original judges announcing that he's. Twelve season -- he basically said death. To put all the special speculation to rest up twelve years of judging on idol I decided to leave after this season I'm very proud of how we forever changed television. And the music industry's 56 years old he's a he's a producer on the basis and he wants to focus on his record label and other business opportunities. I just say I interviewed Randy here at ABC band you know. I don't know how to say -- you know yellow dog and had -- I don't know about this Randy Jackson guys kind of like my feeling is getting him. He is the greatest nicest most sincere talented guy and my real music ", "story that might be uplifting for American Idol fans I think this is had so much trouble controversy Mariah and got  Randy Jackson  Melissa this Jennifer what's ahead may need an American Idol judges and that kind of contestant turned superstar ", "-- -- had so much trouble controversy Mariah and -- -- got Randy Jackson -- -- Melissa this Jennifer what's ahead may need an American Idol judges and that kind of -- contestant turned superstar Jennifer ", 'Tyler, J. Lo and  Randy Jackson  could leave the judge\'s desk on "American Idol."', "pair up a couple of people. And I wanna hear from you jackal or hide makes and friend let's do it what exactly who  Randy Jackson  Simon Cowell. Wow. That weight that doesn't matter now what you're gonna get that kind of a focal. Wow actually ", "-- -- -- makes and friend let's do it what exactly who Randy Jackson Simon Cowell. Wow. That weight -- -- -- -- -- that doesn't matter now what you're gonna get that kind of a ", "you of course where on season seven of American Idol and you with the original judges panel Simon Cowell Paula Abdul  Randy Jackson  what the changes. And it happened to the show since then. You know it's on the MB Same as the regional three catches ", "and you -- with the original judges panel Simon Cowell Paula Abdul Randy Jackson what -- -- the changes. And it happened to the show since then. You know it's on the -- MB -- Same ", "apparently the producers one making the knowledge and Keith Urban but that deal is not done just yet on top of that  Randy Jackson 's will be moving onto another role. He has not signed his deal either so and apparently the executives of the show ", "but that deal is not done just yet on top of that Randy Jackson's will be moving onto another role. He has not signed his deal either so and apparently the executives of the show won ", "CYRUS. IT'S TRUE. THEY'RE ON THE LIST TO TAKE THE JUDGES TEAM SEATS OPPOSITE MARIAH CAREY. MARIAH'S MANAGER,  RANDY JACKSON , WILL BE MOVED TO A MENTORING ROLE, OUR SOURCES SAY. WHICH WILL BE WHAT? HE'LL BE HELPING OUT. GIVING TIPS ", "LIST TO TAKE THE JUDGES TEAM SEATS OPPOSITE MARIAH CAREY. MARIAH'S MANAGER, RANDY JACKSON , WILL BE MOVED TO A MENTORING ROLE, OUR SOURCES SAY. WHICH WILL BE WHAT? HE'LL BE HELPING OUT. GIVING TIPS. WE HAVE ", "final negotiations to take a seat on the judges' table opposite Mariah Carey. On American I Now Mariah as manager  Randy Jackson  hill of course is it has been a judge on the shelf will be moved to a mentor according to our source be blocked. You ", 'table opposite Mariah Carey. On American I -- Now Mariah as manager Randy Jackson hill of course is it has been a judge on the shelf will be moved to a mentor -- -- according to ', "have finally been announced we've got not I wish.  Randy Jackson  is back for more because he just he's on Mariah Carey Back out to be really interesting we know that Mariah  Randy Jackson  their friends they've worked together but inherently ", "have finally been announced we've got -- -- -- not I wish. Randy Jackson is back for more because he just he's -- on Mariah Carey and -- Urban Celeste Flores and I love keep Everett lord judges isn't injury. Back out to be really interesting we know that Mariah -- Randy Jackson their friends they've worked together but inherently -- Ryan and -- not as -- not really -- they don't like each -- ", "quite sure how to run a live television show. Like seacrest, the original judges also became household names --  randy jackson . What's up, dawg? Bd paula aul and simon cowell, whom we loved to hate. I think you're amazing. Really ", "television show. Like seacrest, the original judges also became household names -- randy jackson . What's up, dawg? Bd paula aul and simon cowell, whom we loved to hate. I think you're amazing. Really? Amazingly dreadful. You ", "now you've got a classic old movies most of. To their dogs and cats names again until you're not yeah. Hello  Randy Jackson  defense Angry in the air like yeah yes put our apple cider cheers and. Access and campaign staff from my inaugural ", "their dogs and cats -- names again until you're not yeah. Hello Randy Jackson defense -- -- Angry -- in the air like yeah yes put our apple cider -- cheers and. Access and campaign staff ", "North Carolina some a disagreement according to TMZ. Cut about a contestants performance Casey Keith Urban and middle  Randy Jackson  right next to Mariah and don't want all. On Mariah Carey August kind of up engineer them sleeping and how things ", "to TMZ. Cut about a contestants performance Casey Keith Urban and middle Randy Jackson -- right next to Mariah and -- -- don't want all. On Mariah Carey August kind of -- up -- engineer them ", 'Was Paris Jackson Slapped by Janet? Family Feud Escalates on Surveillance Camera, Twitter', "brewing over michael's will and his children. Some of his siblings say the will is a fake. We'll talk to brother  randy jackson  about it. He's on the phone. But abc's nick watt has the latest from los angeles. Good morning, nick. Reporter ", "his siblings say the will is a fake. We'll talk to brother randy jackson about it. He's on the phone. But abc's nick watt has the latest from los angeles. Good morning, nick. Reporter: Good morning, ", "the three children. They cannot leave california.  Randy jackson  joined us and said this is not about money. And katherine there's a physical alteration between janet and paris.  Randy jackson  said that wasn't the case at all. Let's take a ", 'been named temporary garden for the three children. They cannot leave california. Randy jackson joined us and said this is not about money. And katherine is headed back to the family compound outside of los angeles. ', "jackson. Reports initially said there's a physical alteration between janet and paris. Randy jackson said that wasn't the case at all. Let's take a listen. There was no slapping, or calling of names, that never happened. ", "mariah carey. Essentially it's for you, sam. Mirariah will lend her voice for repo reported $7 million. And  randy jackson  may be transitioning from judge to mentor next season which is two seats open. Names being floated, miley cyrus and ", 'sam. Mirariah will lend her voice for repo reported $7 million. And randy jackson may be transitioning from judge to mentor next season which is two seats open. Names being floated, miley cyrus and adam lambert. ', 'are on mariah this weekend. I expect her to buy a loft things at the auction. I want to ask carlos. You talked to  randy jackson . Does this indicate "idol" is in trouble and cleaning house? It\'s unclear what is going to happen. If they\'re ', 'things at the auction. I want to ask carlos. You talked to randy jackson . Does this indicate "idol" is in trouble and cleaning house? It\'s unclear what is going to happen. If they\'re completely going to ']