['Two convicted bank robbers broke out of a federal prison by tying bed sheets together.', 'Mohammed lila abc news kabul. Now we shift gears. Tonight on the border of this country everyone is looking for dangerous fugitives. Nearly 100 inmates broke out of a mexican prison digging a 100 foot tunnel to escape. How did they do it? Ryan owens has the details. Reporter: Tonight one fifth of', 'We begin with breaking news. A  prison break  along the u.S. Border with mexico. 130 inmates are on the loose at this hour. They escaped through a 21-foot tunnel in a ', 'We begin with breaking news. A prison break along the u.S. Border with mexico. 130 inmates are on the loose at this hour. They escaped through a 21-foot tunnel in ', 'Now an update on that  prison break . Two convicted robbers scaling 17 stories with a rope made out of bed sheets. Then impossibly hailing a cab to freedom. Tonight ', 'Now an update on that prison break . Two convicted robbers scaling 17 stories with a rope made out of bed sheets. Then impossibly hailing a cab to freedom. Tonight, ', 'Forty militants now on the loose in Yemen forty al-Qaeda militants. This is considered the most dangerous country in the world. Towards the United States that president there had to flee to Saudi Arabia He was badly injured last month. There is chaos there. Al-Qaeda has training camps there and', 'Two robbers in Greece flee a high-security prison with the aid of a helicopters.', "I'm giving you here at ABC news headquarters in New York this is the weekend edition of the world news webcast. We Begin in Iowa with the floodwaters have started to recede in some areas but a major setback and avoid. We're 100 foot breach in the Levy of the devoid river has caused officials to", "Authorities believe they slipped through the fence. If you look closely here, you can see there's a gaping hole. The  prison break  leaving county officials shocked. We saw that there was a little hole at the bottom of the fence. Is that always there ", "you look closely here, you can see there's a gaping hole. The prison break leaving county officials shocked. We saw that there was a little hole at the bottom of the fence. Is that always there? ", 'want you state your job and turn it into a platform to jump off of not a prison escape from because nobody wins in a  prison break  and what happens stories people have those jobs they have to divorce themselves in the morning on a Monday morning in ', 'off of not a prison escape from because nobody wins in a prison break and what happens stories people have those jobs they have to divorce themselves in the morning on a Monday morning in the ', 'It has been exactly fifty years since three men pulled off perhaps the most audacious  prison break  in history escaping like Mangini. From Al contrast never to be seen again. ABC Cecilia Vega spoke to a US Marshal today who shared ', 'exactly fifty years since three men pulled off perhaps the most audacious prison break in history escaping like Mangini. From Al contrast never to be seen again. ABC Cecilia Vega spoke to a US Marshal today ', 'And attempted  prison break  in Mexico that you have to see to believe. After visiting her boyfriend in prison for a conjugal visit. Look what the woman tried ', 'And attempted prison break in Mexico that you have to see to believe. After visiting her boyfriend in prison for a conjugal visit. Look what the ', "it's a heroic picture of himself that kind of person breakout. Quinn Maldonado says she had no forewarning of the  prison break  attempt that officials say involved her husband. They say Maldonado health scissors to a guard's throat while fellow ", "of person breakout. Quinn Maldonado says she had no forewarning of the prison break attempt that officials say involved her husband. They say Maldonado health scissors to a guard's throat while fellow inmate Kevin -- commandeered ", "officials said even captured terrorists pose a threat. The day we visited the warden was worried they were planning a  prison break  his guards could now. It's a fear many do you share this outboard American help the terrorists we week. Jim shoot ", "The day we visited the warden was worried they were planning a prison break his guards could -- now. It's a fear many do you share this outboard American help the terrorists we week. Jim shoot ", 'Welch now Welch is McCloskey is And police say with her help to convicted murderers are on the loose. This real life  prison break  began when McCloskey province and a third convict named Daniel Renwick cut through the fence of a medium security prison ', 'her help to convicted murderers are on the loose. This real life prison break began when McCloskey province and a third convict named Daniel Renwick cut through the fence of a medium security prison in Kingman. ', 'Crime what started off as a three man  prison break  and Arizona has turned into a multi state manhunt two people are dead. And authorities throughout the western on the look for ', 'Crime what started off as a three man prison break and Arizona has turned into a multi state manhunt two people are dead. And authorities throughout the western on the look -- ', 'and Gary Haas were on their annual camping trip. They were found dead in their burned out trailer just days after the  prison break . Province was recaptured in Wyoming and police Renwick in Colorado after a shoot out. There are now serious concerns ', 'were found dead in their burned out trailer just days after the prison break . Province was recaptured in Wyoming and police -- Renwick in Colorado after a shoot out. There are now serious concerns about the ', "Turnout of the beautiful and talented Canadian actress suggest selling guilt thing after starring nip rather and  prison break  she's now trying her hand at musical comedy and Terry Shuster in the breakout hit series legally on fox great to see ", "-- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- nip -- rather and prison break she's now trying her hand at musical comedy and Terry Shuster in the breakout hit series legally on fox -- great to "]