['hosted a press conference in New York on Wednesday with Aviva Drescher, reality television star from "The  Real Housewives of New York City ," and Corey Johnson, candidate for New York City Council. "I\'m saddened but not shocked by their ', 'Former " Real Housewives of New York " star Bethenny Frankel recently told People magazine tweeted April 14, 2013. LuAnn de Lesseps In 2009, the " Real Housewives of New York City " star received an email from her husband, Count Alexandre ', 'merit. The dispute pits one diva against another: Heather Thomson, a former cast member of hit TV show " Real Housewives of New York ," founded Yummie Tummie in 2008, introducing the company\'s signature, shape-flattering 3-panel control ', 'created the Skinnygirl line of cocktail and nutrition products. She shot to fame as a cast member of "The  Real Housewives of New York ," and her marriage to Hoppy was documented on Bravo\'s "Bethenny Getting Married" and "Bethenny Ever ', 'body responds to treat a cold." Ramona Singer Another star who touts the benefits of Emergen-C is " Real Housewives of New York " star Ramona Singer. "If I feel like something\'s coming on, I take those packs. I love the flavors ', 'from the inside out. Dr. Neil Sadick, who is the go-to dermatologist to some of the stars of " The  Real Housewives of New York , " actually recommends yoga for the face to his patients, saying it promotes collagen production. Face ', 'Rose said. Bethenny Frankel Coming off a successful six-affiliate run on Fox TV stations, former " Real Housewives of New York " star Bethenny Frankel will get a crack at national syndication for her talk show, "Bethenny," this ', 'said 14-year-old Stephanie Wagner. Jill Zarin , a former cast member on the Bravo reality show " The  Real Housewives of New York  " who owns her own shapewear line, says she is not surprised by the growing interest of teens in shapewear ', 'Lucky Diamond Critical Care Ward at the Humane Society of New York . While expected attendees include " Real Housewives of New York " star LuAnn de Lesseps and Dylan Lauren, the owner of the Dylan\'s Candy Bar chain and daughter of Ralph ', 'revealed that she had a miscarriage when she was eight weeks pregnant. Frankel, who is a former star of "The  Real Housewives of New York City " and is currently starring in her own reality series "Bethenny Ever After," shared the news in an interview ', 'Pit Boss," tied for first in this category, beating out Jackpot from "Beverly Hills," Millou from "The  Real Housewives of New York ," and Spartacus from "Ice Loves Coco." Winner: Rody as Marley in \'Marley & Me: The Puppy Years\'', 'body responds to treat a cold." Ramona Singer Another star who touts the benefits of Emergen-C is " Real Housewives of New York " star Ramona Singer. "If I feel like something\'s coming on, I take those packs. I love the flavors ', "Everyone's talking about the  real housewives of New York  have the fired and tomorrow June 5 speaks out about being kicked off. So what really happened and how the Beverly Hills controversy over this show watch Good Morning America tomorrow and ABC.", "Everyone's talking about the real housewives of New York have the -- fired and tomorrow June 5 speaks out about being kicked off. So what really happened and how the Beverly ", '"The  real housewives of new york " may be evicted today. Bravo has given them a hard deadline to sign the new contract or that is it. They will cancel the series ', '"The real housewives of new york " may be evicted today. Bravo has given them a hard deadline to sign the new contract or that is it. They will ', 'We\'re going to turn to the latest celebrity breakup, between former " real housewives of new york " star bethenny frankel and her hubby, jason hoppy. Was there a prenup signed? And with those details, paula? It could be ', 'We\'re going to turn to the latest celebrity breakup, between former " real housewives of new york " star bethenny frankel and her hubby, jason hoppy. Was there a prenup signed? And with those details, paula? It could be a ', 'surgery americans spend tens of millions of dollars on every year. What are you doing? Reporter: Even "the  real housewives of new york " traded in the needle and scalpel for the smiling fish face. This do-it-yourself age-defying technique ', 'of dollars on every year. What are you doing? Reporter: Even "the real housewives of new york " traded in the needle and scalpel for the smiling fish face. This do-it-yourself age-defying technique, involving facial expression, is the brainchild of ', 'TIGHT-FITTING SPANX. MORE AND MORE, THE SKINNIER GIRLS THINK THEY\'RE BIGGER THAN THEY ARE. Reporter: JILL OF " REAL HOUSEWIVES OF NEW YORK " FAME SAYS SHE\'S NOT SURPRISED OF THE GROWING INTEREST OF TEENS AND SHAPEWEAR. HER DAUGHTER, ALLEY ', 'THE SKINNIER GIRLS THINK THEY\'RE BIGGER THAN THEY ARE. Reporter: JILL OF " REAL HOUSEWIVES OF NEW YORK " FAME SAYS SHE\'S NOT SURPRISED OF THE GROWING INTEREST OF TEENS AND SHAPEWEAR. HER DAUGHTER, ALLEY, STARTED WEARING SHAPEWEAR AT AGE 13. ', "The latest shakeup is on the  real housewives of New York  for on the show's biggest stars And now for fixtures of the  real housewives of New York . Fired queen does cat fights mentioned taping of season five of the  real housewives of New York  is about to start but there could ", "seems to be in serious trouble. The latest shakeup is on the real housewives of New York for on the show's biggest stars have been fired just before they're set to start taking the fifth season. NBC's Andrea -- has the story. From Russell Armstrong's suicide. Assistance. To -- hills -- he's kidnapping turned one away fiasco. It's been a rough month to be a real housewife in any city. And now for fixtures of the real housewives of New York . Fired -- -- -- queen does cat fights we can never be friends Kelly -- Simone the mad model yeah. Alex McCord ", "Journey railing while as we mentioned taping of season five of the real housewives of New York is about to start but there could be a spinoff. Alex and Simon of hinted that maybe they'll get -- show angels ", "millions on other ventures. This is so conjured are you kidding me. Jury the last four seasons of the  real housewives of New York City  yeah yeah. The jewels aaron's reign supreme as good tart drama queen. Yeah. Yeah we aren't dot have ", "-- are you kidding me. Jury the last four seasons of the real housewives of New York City yeah yeah. The jewels aaron's reign supreme as good tart -- drama queen. Yeah. Yeah we aren't dot have a nice day. "]