['next 10 years , tastefully or otherwise. FX  Denis Leary  stars in " Rescue Me ". \' Rescue Me \' The FX TV drama ( starring  Denis Leary  ) tells the story of a New York firefighter ', 'Tommy Gavin of \' Rescue Me \'  Denis Leary  of " Rescue Me " on FX. TV\'s Alcohol Problem "  Rescue Me  " is FX\'s series the show stars  Denis Leary  as firefighter Tommy co-creator,  Peter Tolan , who\'s also one ', 'most extensive acting turn in years. He\'ll join the cast of the F/X TV show " Rescue Me ," playing a pill-popping, quadriplegic paramour of  Denis Leary \'s character\'s ex-wife. Keep Fights Clean, Sex Dirty Fox is not only optimistic ', 'There are so many worthy choices:  Denis Leary  (" Rescue Me "), Dominic West ("The Wire ABC) "The Wire" (HBO) " Rescue Me " (FX) "Mad Men" (AMC crowd-pleasing episodes. Still, go with " Rescue Me ", which remains basic cable\'s ', 'actor in a drama series, the nominees are James Gandolfini for "The Sopranos," Hugh Laurie for "House,"  Denis Leary  for " Rescue Me ," James Spader for "Boston Legal" and Kiefer Sutherland for "24." Reality television got its time in ', 'and some of its low-life denizens. While a few characters are intentionally extreme, writer-director  Peter Tolan  (TV\'s " Rescue Me ") doesn\'t seamlessly fuse the outlandish and the believable in this comedy about unshakable compulsions ', 'this at home, but this Emmy winner made it work. Worst-Dressed Man:  Denis Leary . Please, no more black shirts with black jackets. And I\'m not going to dwell on the fire-engine red tie. Perhaps it was just a plug for " Rescue Me ."', 'O\'Neil. Best Actor in a Drama The Nominees: Christopher Meloni, "Law & Order: Special Victims Unit," NBC;  Denis Leary , " Rescue Me ," FX Network; Peter Krause, "Six Feet Under," HBO; Kiefer Sutherland, "24," Fox; Martin Sheen ', 'the first time, might have the edge. Best Actor, TV Drama The Nominees: Michael Chiklis, "The Shield";  Denis Leary , " Rescue Me "; Julian McMahon, "Nip/Tuck"; Ian McShane, "Deadwood"; James Spader, "Boston Legal" Conventional ']