['An octopus got the joyride of its life last week when it somehow became stuck on the belly of a bottlenose dolphin in the Ionian Sea. More specifically, the tentacle...', "The recent death of Dawn Brancheau at Orlando's Sea World Park at the jaws of Tilikum, a 30 year old male killer whale, shocks the sensibilities of those that view k...", 'Cats will ignore your sugary treats, but will literally jump onto the counter at the chance to scarf down some meaty goodness. The behavior stems from a missing swee...', 'The 2010 BP oil spill contributed to an unusually high death rate for dolphins in the Gulf of Mexico, a new study suggests.Between January and April 2011, 186 dead b...', "Dolphins in Shark Bay, Australia , are free spirits of sorts, leaving their group's borders unpatrolled and letting their females mingle unrestrained among outsider ...", "What miracles is Mother Nature hiding from us? Look no further than the bottlenose dolphin for a little bit of inspiration. At least that's what a researcher at the ...", 'Hundreds attend funeral of celebrity dolphin that befriended, bothered New Zealand swimmers', 'The Japanese village notorious for the dolphin hunt documented in the film "The Cove" has slaughtered a pod of dolphins but spared the youngest animals, activists sa...', "Think you know what's been happening in the news? Try our quiz and see how well you remember the major events of the week! Be sure to keep track of your answers. The...", "It's common knowledge that some folks just shouldn't wear Speedos.Your dad, for one. Scrappy the Dolphin, for another.Thanks to the efforts of a crack depantsing cre...", 'The news from Indian River Lagoon was too familiar: another dolphin gravely injured because of human action.But marine scientist Steve McCulloch immediately saw this...', 'Fish can eavesdrop on the calls of dolphins to avoid getting eaten, a new study suggests."Probably a lot of fish can do this," said lead researcher Luke Remage-Heale...', 'As gay couples celebrate their newfound right to marry in California and opposition groups rally to fight the ruling, many struggle with this question: Is homosexual...', 'Japan dolphin hunt film triggers freedom of speech debate as theaters cancel showings', "A giant oil slick from last week's deadly offshore drilling rig explosion in the Gulf of Mexico threatens wide-scale coastal damage for four states -- and could be a...", "The fluid that spews out the top of a dolphin or whale's head when it exhales can provide scientists with valuable genetic information, giving them an alternative to...", 'A federal scientist says a recent surge of baby bottlenosed dolphin deaths has a precedent four years ago in Texas.In March 2007, 68 dolphins washed up in Galveston ...', "In the fervor of the Academy Awards in Hollywood on Sunday, last year's winners will be a distant memory. Half a world away in the Japanese fishing village of Taiji,..."]