['Barney\'s tense marriage was featured on "The  Real Housewives of Orange County " and, in 2010, he filed to divorce his it\'s not your fault." Vicki Gunvalson The " Real Housewives of Orange County " star split from her husband, Donn Gunvalson ', 'housewife still standing on Bravo\'s "The  Real Housewives of Orange County ." Recently on the show, the divorced businesswoman discovered her son\'s dad was appearing on "The  Real Housewives of Orange County ." Ayers was actually hiding in plain sight ', 'Real Housewives ." Debuting in 2006, "The  Real Housewives of Orange County " set the stage for what has become a reality-TV My boss said, \'Let\'s call it "The  Real Housewives of Orange County " in case we ever do this in another city ', 'investor better known for his role on " The  Real Housewives of Orange County  ," wants to make one thing clear: Defaulting home, Jim and Alexis Bellino, also of " Real Housewives of Orange County " fame, have received a loan modification ', "Even in a state that's home to Hollywood's rich and famous, a few California houses are truly the height of extravagance . One such supermansion , the Orange County Super Castle, is 16,500 square feet and features an in-house casino. It has a climate-controlled, 10-car garage and a staggering", 'the ultimate sugar daddy. More recently, reality shows like "The Real Housewives of Atlanta" and "The  Real Housewives of Orange County " have documented women with wealthy benefactors banking their extravagant lives, including cars, jewelry ', 'students and sits in the wealthy area of southern Orange County that inspired the reality television show " Real Housewives of Orange County ," ranks among the best public schools in the nation. The rest of the senior class graduated Wednesday ', 'stay-at-home mom and single gal too old for the city back into vogue four years ago. Then came "The  Real Housewives of Orange County " in 2006, a reality series following the lavish lifestyles of five grown-up California girls. In March ', "County has been enjoying a national spotlight brought on by TV shows such as The OC, Laguna Beach and The  Real Housewives of Orange County . The shows feature the county's beaches, surfing culture and balmy weather. SAN JOSE, CALIF. New and ", "worry about their daily lives. We have friends that it's downright depressing to Gretchen Rossi of the  real housewives of Orange County . First fanatic with her own Gretchen Christine handbag collection which was not tested. As the consumer ", "We have friends that it's downright depressing to Gretchen Rossi of the real housewives of Orange County . First fanatic with her own Gretchen Christine handbag collection which was not tested. As the consumer we want to be purchasing something ", "Turn now to one of my favorite shows the  real housewives of orange county  and with joining us is startling curtain. LN I can't hey she joins us today show offered new thing it's after undergoing for ", "Turn now to one of my favorite shows the real housewives of orange county and -- with joining us is startling curtain. LN I can't hey she joins us today show offered new thing it's after ", "inside the lives of ladies who lunch with the  real housewives of Orange County . It was kind of fee. Sort of ripped off Yeah. My boss said let's call it the  real housewives of Orange County  in case we ever do this in another city ", 'Offering a peek inside the lives of ladies who lunch with the real housewives of Orange County . It was kind of fee. Sort of ripped off a Desperate Housewives meets like Laguna Beach mansion to the apple tracks news ', "called the real housewives. Yeah. My boss said let's call it the real housewives of Orange County in case we ever do this in another city. I -- this is ridiculous this is never gonna happen in another city. ", "hub of water cooler conversation. I was more. again and you know I'm having my. The show the original  real housewives of Orange County . Ray Lewis was telling was kind of to me the story told in the mid two thousands about. This kind of very ", "again and you know I'm having my. The show -- the original real housewives of Orange County . Ray Lewis was telling was kind of to me the story told in the mid two thousands about. This kind of very ", "In the eighty's classic dynasty they cat fights were over men. Nasty gossip ignited this scene on the  real housewives of Orange County . And who could forget the annual running of the brides. And but a brawl over frozen Begin pad Thai with ", 'cat fights were over men. Nasty gossip ignited this scene on the real housewives of Orange County . And who could forget the annual running of the brides. And but a brawl over frozen Begin pad Thai with tofu yep ', 'creme I have heard it decries the sprawling ranch home was just built in the exclusive neighborhood where the  real housewives of Orange County  used to. Every room is a showcase is a showcase. Would you like to see luxury real estate agent and Kennedy ', 'sprawling ranch home was just built in the exclusive neighborhood where the real housewives of Orange County used to. Every room is a showcase is a showcase. Would you like to see -- luxury real estate agent -- and ', 'lifestyle her passion for wealth and her driver success is documented on hit TV show. Joining us from the  real housewives of Orange County  is Gun belts in the morning making morning thanks for having me did I miss pronounce your last name perfect ', 'success is documented on -- hit TV show. Joining us from the real housewives of Orange County is -- Gun belts in the morning making morning thanks for having me did I miss pronounce your last name -- perfect ']