['"The  real housewives of new york " may be evicted today. Bravo has given them a hard deadline to sign the new contract or that is it. They will cancel the series ', '"The real housewives of new york " may be evicted today. Bravo has given them a hard deadline to sign the new contract or that is it. They will ', 'We\'re going to turn to the latest celebrity breakup, between former " real housewives of new york " star bethenny frankel and her hubby, jason hoppy. Was there a prenup signed? And with those details, paula? It could be ', 'We\'re going to turn to the latest celebrity breakup, between former " real housewives of new york " star bethenny frankel and her hubby, jason hoppy. Was there a prenup signed? And with those details, paula? It could be a ', 'surgery americans spend tens of millions of dollars on every year. What are you doing? Reporter: Even "the  real housewives of new york " traded in the needle and scalpel for the smiling fish face. This do-it-yourself age-defying technique ', 'of dollars on every year. What are you doing? Reporter: Even "the real housewives of new york " traded in the needle and scalpel for the smiling fish face. This do-it-yourself age-defying technique, involving facial expression, is the brainchild of ', 'TIGHT-FITTING SPANX. MORE AND MORE, THE SKINNIER GIRLS THINK THEY\'RE BIGGER THAN THEY ARE. Reporter: JILL OF " REAL HOUSEWIVES OF NEW YORK " FAME SAYS SHE\'S NOT SURPRISED OF THE GROWING INTEREST OF TEENS AND SHAPEWEAR. HER DAUGHTER, ALLEY ', 'THE SKINNIER GIRLS THINK THEY\'RE BIGGER THAN THEY ARE. Reporter: JILL OF " REAL HOUSEWIVES OF NEW YORK " FAME SAYS SHE\'S NOT SURPRISED OF THE GROWING INTEREST OF TEENS AND SHAPEWEAR. HER DAUGHTER, ALLEY, STARTED WEARING SHAPEWEAR AT AGE 13. ', "The latest shakeup is on the  real housewives of New York  for on the show's biggest stars And now for fixtures of the  real housewives of New York . Fired queen does cat fights mentioned taping of season five of the  real housewives of New York  is about to start but there could ", "seems to be in serious trouble. The latest shakeup is on the real housewives of New York for on the show's biggest stars have been fired just before they're set to start taking the fifth season. NBC's Andrea -- has the story. From Russell Armstrong's suicide. Assistance. To -- hills -- he's kidnapping turned one away fiasco. It's been a rough month to be a real housewife in any city. And now for fixtures of the real housewives of New York . Fired -- -- -- queen does cat fights we can never be friends Kelly -- Simone the mad model yeah. Alex McCord ", "Journey railing while as we mentioned taping of season five of the real housewives of New York is about to start but there could be a spinoff. Alex and Simon of hinted that maybe they'll get -- show angels ", "millions on other ventures. This is so conjured are you kidding me. Jury the last four seasons of the  real housewives of New York City  yeah yeah. The jewels aaron's reign supreme as good tart drama queen. Yeah. Yeah we aren't dot have ", "-- are you kidding me. Jury the last four seasons of the real housewives of New York City yeah yeah. The jewels aaron's reign supreme as good tart -- drama queen. Yeah. Yeah we aren't dot have a nice day. ", "Our natural gas it never fails to surprise us often dramas  real housewives of New York City  pretty please welcome Louie Mandela sat the Dresser and Okay. How we have so much to discuss ladies I can't even. I feel like ", 'Our natural gas it never fails to surprise us often dramas real housewives of New York City pretty please welcome -- Louie Mandela sat -- the Dresser and -- -- -- Okay. How we have so much to discuss ', 'Another no holds barred season a  real housewives of New York  is starting next week and this season there lives of ladies who lunch. On the hit show the  real housewives of New York . Now returning for season five Ramona singer ', "Another no holds barred season a real housewives of New York is starting next week and this season there are three new cast members. So will they get along with the returning the ladies or will -- more drama and an amber we will talk to three of the gals in just a moment -- first. Take a -- here's a glimpse. Of season number five. For four seasons rob -- take a look inside the lives of ladies who lunch. On the hit show the real housewives of New York . Now returning for season five Ramona singer. Sonia Morgan -- -- -- my actions. Knew and didn't last unlocks you called and ", "giving me the diet although I so I don't want to listen to what I must yes everybody please watch the  real housewives of New York  you war. I premieres Monday June 4 on that Bravo ladies thank you look for coming and jobs good to see ", 'want to listen to what I must yes everybody please watch the real housewives of New York you -- war. I premieres Monday June 4 on that Bravo ladies thank you look for coming and -- jobs good to ', 'the headline out to simulate the sound of those is salons forgot that all right Paul goes do you like the  real housewives of new York  and new meadowlands and Lilian Kim and all that but in those of us here in New York big news here trailing ', 'is salons forgot that all right Paul goes do you like the real housewives of new York and new meadowlands and -- -- Lilian Kim and all that but in those of us here in New York big news ', "after cast members pink slip from the  real housewives of New York  there until ABC's Andrea canning of an the court have been a staple of the  real housewives of New York  since its first year. Almost always ", "More fallout after cast members -- pink slip from the real housewives of New York -- there until ABC's Andrea canning of the show was a toxic environment. They cast members Alex recorded Simon band camp and reached out to -- through -- tell their side. Of the story. He has been called an overexposed. House husband -- She's been accused of being the ultimate social climber. I mean I'll and you are in high school John -- can't -- an -- the court have been a staple of the real housewives of New York since its first year. Almost always together and sometimes it can seem to have career one person into bodies. But just a ", "McCord with a couple every one month decade on the  real housewives of New York  but in an attempt to shake up the show. They work users asking congress to fashion. Before appearing on  real housewives of New York  former cast made Bethany Frankel admitted she couldn't ", "an Alex McCord with a couple every one month decade on the real housewives of New York but in an attempt to shake up the show. They work can't seemingly out of the blue this week along with -- ", "show has cast its users asking congress to fashion. Before appearing on real housewives of New York former cast made Bethany Frankel admitted she couldn't even pay the rent. After her stint on real housewives she scored her own ", "over eight million in the house and after that Rebecca Brey. Real housewives of New Jersey Obviously with  real housewives of New York  went real New Jersey they've really been getting a lot of attention lately because some animosity from ", "Rebecca Brey. Real housewives of New Jersey -- Obviously -- -- with real housewives of New York went real -- -- -- New Jersey they've really been getting a lot of attention lately because some animosity from one particular ", "already insulated still acting together. This has also been final back in the news this morning two of  real housewives of New York 's famed apparently this class action lawsuit ten million dollars against her skinny girl Margarita Because ", "also been -- final back in the news this morning two of real housewives of New York's famed apparently this class action lawsuit ten million dollars against her skinny girl Margarita -- -- Because they're saying was false advertising ", "should be so lucky to carry her bag and can't let it out there. But let's it should jail now and the  real housewives of New York  Miguel's mother spot treatments but Sonia Sonia Sonia. Let's take a look act. The latest. I mean ", "it out there. But let's -- it should jail now and the real housewives of New York -- -- Miguel's mother spot treatments but Sonia Sonia Sonia. Let's take a look act. The latest. I mean there's three things ", "You may know Kelly caloric from the  real housewives of New York  but No matter how crazy things got on the show and she says she didn't mind how crazy day it was interesting TV Her fans only ", "You may know Kelly caloric -- -- from the real housewives of New York but -- No matter how crazy things got on the show and she says she didn't mind how crazy day -- it ", 'Real housewives of New York City  are gearing up for another season of big city drama. There will be partying arguing scheming and in the middle of it will be the ', 'Real housewives of New York City are gearing up for another season of big city drama. There will be partying arguing scheming and -- in the middle of ', "dollars. How is possible how did she go from  real housewives of New York City  to being it's. good question. It just like that had this enormous platform through the  real housewives of New York . market her brand in such an incredibly smart ", "a 120. Million dollars. How is possible how did she go from real housewives of New York City to being -- -- it's. -- good question. It just like any good entrepreneur nor she's not something in the marketplace that was missing low -- cocktails and she capitalize on it but what the difference was that she was that -- had this enormous platform through the real housewives of New York . -- market -- her brand in such an incredibly smart. Way and she had brand extensions endorsement deals books dvds you name ", "encrusted heal our that spot that admiral Allen before that's a good idea yes. All right now let's have  real housewives of New York  Romo apparently had a rough trip from Morocco with the what can tell us about that. Yeah all hell broke ", "Allen before that's a good idea yes. All right now let's have real housewives of New York Romo apparently had a rough trip from Morocco with the -- what can tell us about that. Yeah all hell broke loose "]