['state\'s image was being shaped by the mob drama "The Sopranos" and reality shows "Jersey Shore" and "The  Real Housewives of New Jersey ." Christie, who has become a national figure in his three years as governor, says people now have a ', 'state\'s image was being shaped by the mob drama "The Sopranos" and reality shows "Jersey Shore" and "The  Real Housewives of New Jersey ." Christie, who has become a national figure in his three years as governor, says people now have a ', "Jacqueline Laurita of 'Real Housewives of New Jersey' Shares 'Ultherapy' Beauty Secret", 'report: Jacqueline Laurita lives a life in the spotlight. As a star of the hit reality-TV show " The  Real Housewives of New Jersey  ," the mother of three has been engaged in an on-air fight with former friend Teresa Guidice, a fight ', 'Jersey has a tradition of being a desirable location for reality TV shows such as \'Jersey Shore,\' \'The  Real Housewives of New Jersey \' and \'Cake Boss,\'" New Jersey assemblyman Ronald Dancer (R), who introduced the bill, said ', 'Jersey has a tradition of being a desirable location for reality TV shows such as \'Jersey Shore,\' \'The  Real Housewives of New Jersey \' and \'Cake Boss,\'" New Jersey assemblyman Ronald Dancer (R), who introduced the bill, said ', 'News table will play host to a few other reality television stars like Caroline and Al Manzo from "The  Real Housewives of New Jersey ." Chace Crawford from "Gossip Girl" is set to attend along with his sister Candice Romo and her husband ', 'Mama\'s Boys of the Bronx" is another addition to a reality TV world of "Cake Boss," "Mob Wives," " Real Housewives of New Jersey " and, of course, "Jersey Shore." But some Italians feel that reality shows like "Jersey Shore ', 'where it might be a little less overwhelming, even with the table-flipping, cursing ladies of the " Real Housewives of New Jersey ." But truthfully there would be something profound about setting Tebow\'s New York Story in New Jersey ', 'Celebrity kids at the spa are a tabloid staple. On "The  Real Housewives of New Jersey ," Gia Guidice celebrated her ninth birthday by being pampered with her friends. But it\'s not just Tinseltown\'s tots. Little ', 'As daytime soaps die out, viewers are tuning into another kind of drama: the "real" kind. Reality TV is a breakout phenomenon, shaking up the television landscape by featuring regular -- and not-so-regular -- people, unscripted, in stranger-than-fiction situations. One series, in particular, has', 'the newest aengt aging therapies. The star of "the  real housewives of new jersey " is trying a new way to tone and tighten without call your bluff. Reporter: You know here from "the  real housewives of new jersey ." We never talk about him. Yes, you do. Stay ', 'rehab." We explore the newest aengt aging therapies. The star of "the real housewives of new jersey " is trying a new way to tone and tighten without years young -- surgery. Juju chang is here to talk about it. ', 'vegas girl. I\'ll call your bluff. Reporter: You know here from "the real housewives of new jersey ." We never talk about him. Yes, you do. Stay out of it. Reporter: There\'s so much cat-fighting going on. Sit painful at ', 'what the wedding stuff that some pretty big drama going under the command of the latest season. Of the  real housewives of New Jersey  the Jersey girls are never disappointed that one of the girls claimed she was ambushed at a fashion show ', "big drama going under the command of the latest season. Of the real housewives of New Jersey the Jersey girls are never disappointed that one of the girls claimed she was ambushed at a fashion show what's this about. ", "I don't know well. Joining Saturday. At all pleasant when about New Jersey right now you know once jurors and if you wanna hear governor ever run for president though He said no and then it all those kid down the Jersey Shore and then now this looks. And now I guess is added to me you know we like", "don't think that's not about presidency yet that was gonna plant also has that you got the scoop on the  real housewives of New Jersey  you're hearing some of the cast. Might be ready to bulk up what if there was a house what planet ever ", "was gonna plant also has that you got the scoop on the real housewives of New Jersey you're hearing some of the cast. Might be ready to bulk up -- what if there was a house what planet ever ", "it deep. Switching gears from the serious to. I not hear say a feud between a couple of delays in the  real housewives of New Jersey  listen if you're not gonna have a feud between these ladies and you frankly I don't know the show right ", "hear -- say a feud between a couple of delays in the real housewives of New Jersey -- -- listen if you're not gonna have a feud between these ladies and you frankly -- I don't know the show ", "heads right indicating for Thanksgiving dinner and went to the end we'll probably see every minute. Now  real housewives of New Jersey  they're using new villainous out there and this Teresa right wrist from being Italian the show the ring ", "dinner and went to the end we'll probably see every minute. Now real housewives of New Jersey they're using new villainous out there -- and this -- Teresa right wrist from being Italian the show the ring looking girl ", "that's a lot 120. Look. I don't let get over eight million in the house and after that Rebecca Brey.  Real housewives of New Jersey  Obviously with real housewives of New York went real New Jersey they've really been getting a lot of ", "over eight million in the house and after that -- Rebecca Brey. Real housewives of New Jersey -- Obviously -- -- with real housewives of New York went real -- -- -- New Jersey they've really been getting a "]