['Jacqueline Laurita takes time from hit show to discuss procedure known as "ultherapy."', 'what the wedding stuff that some pretty big drama going under the command of the latest season. Of the  real housewives of New Jersey  the Jersey girls are never disappointed that one of the girls claimed she was ambushed at a fashion show ', "big drama going under the command of the latest season. Of the real housewives of New Jersey the Jersey girls are never disappointed that one of the girls claimed she was ambushed at a fashion show what's this about. ", "I don't know well. Joining Saturday. At all pleasant when about New Jersey right now you know once jurors and if you wanna hear governor ever run for president though He said no and then it all those kid down the Jersey Shore and then now this looks. And now I guess is added to me you know we like", "don't think that's not about presidency yet that was gonna plant also has that you got the scoop on the  real housewives of New Jersey  you're hearing some of the cast. Might be ready to bulk up what if there was a house what planet ever ", "was gonna plant also has that you got the scoop on the real housewives of New Jersey you're hearing some of the cast. Might be ready to bulk up -- what if there was a house what planet ever ", "it deep. Switching gears from the serious to. I not hear say a feud between a couple of delays in the  real housewives of New Jersey  listen if you're not gonna have a feud between these ladies and you frankly I don't know the show right ", "hear -- say a feud between a couple of delays in the real housewives of New Jersey -- -- listen if you're not gonna have a feud between these ladies and you frankly -- I don't know the show ", "heads right indicating for Thanksgiving dinner and went to the end we'll probably see every minute. Now  real housewives of New Jersey  they're using new villainous out there and this Teresa right wrist from being Italian the show the ring ", "dinner and went to the end we'll probably see every minute. Now real housewives of New Jersey they're using new villainous out there -- and this -- Teresa right wrist from being Italian the show the ring looking girl ", "that's a lot 120. Look. I don't let get over eight million in the house and after that Rebecca Brey.  Real housewives of New Jersey  Obviously with real housewives of New York went real New Jersey they've really been getting a lot of ", "over eight million in the house and after that -- Rebecca Brey. Real housewives of New Jersey -- Obviously -- -- with real housewives of New York went real -- -- -- New Jersey they've really been getting a ", "salon. Celebrity kids at this tabloid staple from Jessica eldest daughter honor to Gwen Stefani sun The  real housewives of New Jersey  GAG celebrated her ninth birthday getting pampered with And it's not just Tinseltown. Everywhere are ", "from Jessica eldest daughter honor to Gwen Stefani sun -- -- The real housewives of New Jersey GAG -- celebrated her ninth birthday getting pampered with -- And it's not just Tinseltown. Everywhere are laughing talking and even plastic. ", 'Tuesday. The view that some special guest almost sure to tape an episode that where today they have a  real housewives of New Jersey  on their you guys sister in law Melissa gore and her cousin Kathy they were all they ever there was a lot ', 'almost sure to tape an episode that where today they have a real housewives of New Jersey on their -- you guys -- sister in law Melissa gore -- and her cousin Kathy they were all they ever -- ', "make out was and they're not shy at girls gone wild. The busiest Apparently that's Daniel's style  real housewives of New Jersey . She made 181000. Dollars her first week she and Collard that a crime and she's actually. Becoming ", "-- girls gone wild. The busiest -- Apparently that's Daniel's style -- real housewives of New Jersey . She made 181000. Dollars her first week she -- and Collard that a crime and she's actually. Becoming friends -- successive dial ", "think tank and the content. It's great fun not only your mean girls fund to watch when girls brawl.  Real housewives of New Jersey . Or on the Jersey Shore. It's must see TV reality producers know that. Men's volley was so epic ", "not only your mean girls fund to watch when -- girls brawl. Real housewives of New Jersey . Or on the Jersey Shore. It's must see TV reality producers know that. Men's volley was so epic -- auto tune. Even ", 'Houston family chronicles. Which will Begin airing on lifetime later this year. From newly It to the  real housewives of New Jersey . Not mean that reality shows have been known more for caring families apart. As opposed to keeping them ', 'airing on lifetime later this year. From newly -- It to the real housewives of New Jersey . Not mean that reality shows have been known more for caring families apart. As opposed to keeping them together. Making it -- ', 'Italian American characters and I characters. Into the world of reality TV it seems chock full of mob wives. And  real housewives .  Of New Jersey  said. Some Italian Americans feel that reality shows like Jersey Shore only perpetuate negative stereotypes. People ', 'world of reality TV it seems chock full of mob wives. And real housewives . Of New Jersey said. Some Italian Americans feel that reality shows like Jersey Shore only perpetuate negative stereotypes. People -- stereotype. Our -- to be ', 'Danielle Staub, of "The  Real Housewives of New Jersey ," takes to the microphone.', 'turned violent between Jersey Shore Ronnie. To this  real housewives of New Jersey  table flipping Alcohol induced rage on fourteen Khloe Steve though is casting director for shows like a  real housewives of New Jersey  his job to find those personalities who create. Seemed ', "-- that turned violent between Jersey Shore -- Ronnie. -- To this real housewives of New Jersey table flipping -- Alcohol induced rage on fourteen Khloe take Miami which led to the show's highest ratings -- just as. And ", '-- is Steve though is -- casting director for shows like a real housewives of New Jersey -- his job to find those personalities who create. Seemed like yeah. You know -- caffeine is this just turn it back ', 'a brawling and system might seem to follow them out quite it I sent it to us. What else going on that  real housewives of New Jersey  besides there. Bites well you know a lot more time like this season to come but the real cross licensing ', 'quite it I sent it to us. What else going on that real housewives of New Jersey besides there. Bites well you know -- -- -- a lot more time like this season to come but the real cross ', "other places she would fit nicely government apparatus. Cable. American Idol congress. And how about  real housewives of New Jersey  Orange County in DC. Block it out block it all out. It's like experiencing the world through reduction ", "fit nicely government apparatus. Cable. -- American Idol congress. And how about real housewives of New Jersey Orange County in DC. Block it out block it all out. It's like experiencing the world through -- -- reduction headphones it's ", 'The new scene and other  real housewives of New Jersey  kicked off this week without controversial half member stop but the reality star is still making headlines. Racy photos recently ', 'The new scene and other real housewives of New Jersey kicked off this week without controversial half member -- stop but the reality star is still making headlines. Racy photos recently surfaced ', "word awkward. Mean cover page you can't adopt art. That right now the new battle that's brewing on  real housewives of New Jersey  that Teresa and her sister and us in on the back story this family drama that idea how well Yes and it ", "can't adopt art. That right now the new battle that's brewing on real housewives of New Jersey that Teresa and her sister and -- us in on the back story -- this family drama -- -- -- -- that ", 'to rumble. Nothing. Bachelor villainous Michelle money I would well actually in the face. Or even her  real housewives of New Jersey  Daniel Stone Written that Trent Lott named Jane I got arrested and pay attention police. Fresh reality ', 'money I would well actually -- in the face. Or even her real housewives of New Jersey Daniel Stone -- Written that Trent Lott named Jane I got arrested and pay attention police. Fresh -- reality television stars and ']