["it's not clear. At a recent celeb DC and they avoided questions about the crashing and their new show. The  real housewives of DC  would prove they did nothing wrong We can't stop. Ole miss a lot he's could still face possible jail time ", "they avoided questions about the crashing and -- their new show. The real housewives of DC would prove they did nothing wrong -- We can't stop. Ole miss a lot he's could still face possible jail time a ", "Service at a 2009 state dinner. To reach and Mikhail salon he's John dropping antics only continued on the  real housewives of DC . And I felt my aren't but He held a solo he's most reality show worthy story An alleged kidnapping plot apparently ", "reach and Mikhail salon he's John dropping antics only continued on the real housewives of DC . And I felt my aren't but He held a solo he's most reality show worthy story -- An alleged kidnapping plot apparently ", "But a perhaps known as the White House gate crashed here's our official telling their separate ways the  real housewives of DC  starts from now in the middle of the very public and bizarre splits. Involving everyone from the FBI to an eighty's ", "White House gate crashed here's our official telling their separate ways the real housewives of DC starts from now in the middle of the very public and bizarre splits. Involving everyone from the FBI to an eighty's rock ", "Isn't life cycle to everything and television included so I I think where in the top of this cycle now. The  real housewives of DC  was canceled after just one season and Miami didn't fare much better in the ratings but the other cities remain ", "I think where in the top of this -- cycle now. The real housewives of DC was canceled after just one season and Miami didn't fare much better in the ratings but the other cities remain strong. Drawing ", "The  real housewives of DC  is the latest installment of the housewives series this time we're can't wait to continue watching the show and you can watch the  real housewives of DC . Every Thursday at 9 eighths central on Robin that's all the ", "The real housewives of DC is the latest installment of the housewives series this time we're getting an inside look at the unwritten social rules of our ", "can't wait to continue watching the show and you can watch the real housewives of DC . Every Thursday at 9 eighths central on Robin that's all the buzz we have created -- -- Rivera in New York thanks ", 'hoping to land a spot on drop those upcoming show the  real housewives of DC . The couple even arrive that night for the film that Desperate Housewives shirts not district has a  real housewives of DC . Really something I can speak on in terms of helping ', "stars hoping to land a spot on drop those upcoming show the real housewives of DC . The couple even arrive that night for the film crew. Initially the network denied being there but later claimed the -- he's ", 'to be part of that Desperate Housewives shirts not district has a real housewives of DC . -- -- Really something I can speak on in terms of helping them but you know what. I know that they have ', '2009. That the Koppel from the reality show the  real housewives of DC . Had crashed a state dinner. Damage control in two uninvited stars mr. and mrs. so He. Of the  real housewives of DC . As they mingled with guests she was shadowing ', 'emerged in November 2009. That the Koppel from the reality show the real housewives of DC . Had crashed a state dinner. Damage control in suit in the process social secretary Desiree Rogers resigned. Tonight my co anchor Bill ', 'by two uninvited stars mr. and mrs. so -- He. Of the real housewives of DC . As they mingled with guests she was shadowing the president and First Lady I was with. Them all of the evening and ', "former model on anything she's saying not gonna do it. So far they have played he offers to like the girl from  real housewives of DC  Mick Elliott salon he got an offer. Jersey Shore so you know it's the it people in the the people.", "far they have played -- he offers to like the girl from real housewives of DC Mick Elliott salon he got an offer. Jersey Shore so you know it's the it people -- in the the -- people. ", 'may remember. Left the White House after that debacle of the White House crashes turned out that was old of the  real housewives of DC  season which is now on product. So of course if that went into each of its it and become Bravo. Kind of responsible ', 'the White House crashes turned out that was old -- of the real housewives of DC season which is now on product. So of course if that went into each of its -- -- it and become -- ', "bit unclear were to be watching this one closely that's. Yes I'm definitely no doubt about that what the  real housewives of DC  this Iowa house went spin off. We hear that the White House crashes may be making an apparent that's right ", "one closely that's. Yes I'm definitely no doubt about that what the real housewives of DC this Iowa house went spin off. We hear that the White House -- crashes may be making an apparent that's right they're ", "We have to start Yesterday the  real housewives of DC  were here including. You know Mikhail some who you may remember from her let's say surprising appearance at a White House party ", "We have to start -- -- Yesterday the real housewives of DC were here including. You know Mikhail some -- -- who you may remember from her let's say surprising appearance at a White ", "with Sandra T. I yeah as good as it's a little girl and this is not over the last all right moving on to the  real housewives of DC  NN news persona non brought up perhaps Mikhail selloff. Yes now we know these has the White House. Crunch yes ", 'this is not over the last all right moving on to the real housewives of DC NN news persona non brought up perhaps Mikhail selloff. Yes now we know these has the White House. Crunch yes like that ', 'your resume of the couple that tried to not did sneak into the White House announced his on this new reality show  real housewives of DC . When I shall soon grace the pages of Playboy and yum she. It is getting ready to bare her 44 year old and all ', 'sneak into the White House announced his on this new reality show real housewives of DC . When I shall soon grace the pages of Playboy and yum she. It is getting ready to bare her 44 year old ', "weren't on the list and weren't invited. The couple are aspiring reality TV stars possible picks for the upcoming  real housewives of DC . There glamorous night raises serious questions about security what is supposed to be the nation's most protected ", "The couple are aspiring reality TV stars possible picks for the upcoming real housewives of DC . There -- glamorous night raises serious questions about security -- what is supposed to be the nation's most protected home it is ", "evening in question He showed up with a reality TV crew from Bravo the couple is angling for a spot on the upcoming  real housewives of DC . The network says the ocelot he's lied and told them they had an invite. People all that you know what might ", "from Bravo the couple is angling for a spot on the upcoming real housewives of DC . The network says the ocelot he's lied and told them they had an invite. People all that you know what might get ", "interesting tidbit reported this morning in the New York Post Robin is the production house. Preparing that show the  real housewives of DC  which shows that it's a lot he's preparing for that night right before their alleged crashing they have not ", "New York Post Robin is the production house. Preparing that show the real housewives of DC which shows that it's a lot he's preparing for that night right before their alleged -- crashing they have not been asked. ", 'controversial up from a New Jersey bar fly. Meanwhile the real housewives of New Jersey with tables. And the  real housewives of DC  offended protocol. Mr. and mrs. so why crashing the White House much to the embarrassment of the Obama administration ', 'fly. Meanwhile the real housewives of New Jersey with tables. And the real housewives of DC offended protocol. Mr. and mrs. so why -- -- crashing the White House much to the embarrassment of the Obama administration. In ']