['Salahi Michaele and Tareq Salahi famously crashed a 2009 state dinner at the White House, and went on to appear on "The  Real Housewives of D . C ." After eight years of marriage, however, the couple split in 2011. Lisa Wu Wu and former pro football player Ed ', "couple Tareq and Michaele Salahi crashed the White House state dinner (at the time they were filming Bravo's ill-fated  Real Housewives of D . C . ) made the mistake of posting pictures of their night out on Facebook. Most adults know it's technically a crime ", 'after his wife left him for the musician, claiming, in part, that Schon broke up his marriage. The case was settled in August. Schon and Salahi, who starred on "The  Real Housewives of D . C .," have been together for more than a year.', 'Journey guitarist Neal Schon has settled his ongoing legal battle with Tareq Salahi, who sued the musician for $50 million after his wife Michaele left him for Schon. Though the case had twice been dismissed by a Virginia judge this year, a rep for Journey...', 'as the video mixes performance footage of the band with shots of guitarist Neal Schon and his new girlfriend, former " Real Housewives of D . C  " star Michaele Salahi, walking on a beach hand in hand and making out while rolling in the surf. The video will certainly ', 'As daytime soaps die out, viewers are tuning into another kind of drama: the "real" kind. Reality TV is a breakout phenomenon, shaking up the television landscape by featuring regular -- and not-so-regular -- people, unscripted, in stranger-than-fiction situations. One series, in particular, has', "it's not clear. At a recent celeb DC and they avoided questions about the crashing and their new show. The  real housewives of DC  would prove they did nothing wrong We can't stop. Ole miss a lot he's could still face possible jail time ", "they avoided questions about the crashing and -- their new show. The real housewives of DC would prove they did nothing wrong -- We can't stop. Ole miss a lot he's could still face possible jail time a ", "it's not clear. At a recent celeb DC and they avoided questions about the crashing and their new show. The  real housewives of DC  would prove they did nothing wrong We can't stop. Ole miss a lot he's could still face possible jail time ", "they avoided questions about the crashing and -- their new show. The real housewives of DC would prove they did nothing wrong -- We can't stop. Ole miss a lot he's could still face possible jail time a ", "Service at a 2009 state dinner. To reach and Mikhail salon he's John dropping antics only continued on the  real housewives of DC . And I felt my aren't but He held a solo he's most reality show worthy story An alleged kidnapping plot apparently ", "reach and Mikhail salon he's John dropping antics only continued on the real housewives of DC . And I felt my aren't but He held a solo he's most reality show worthy story -- An alleged kidnapping plot apparently ", "But a perhaps known as the White House gate crashed here's our official telling their separate ways the  real housewives of DC  starts from now in the middle of the very public and bizarre splits. Involving everyone from the FBI to an eighty's ", "White House gate crashed here's our official telling their separate ways the real housewives of DC starts from now in the middle of the very public and bizarre splits. Involving everyone from the FBI to an eighty's rock ", "Isn't life cycle to everything and television included so I I think where in the top of this cycle now. The  real housewives of DC  was canceled after just one season and Miami didn't fare much better in the ratings but the other cities remain ", "I think where in the top of this -- cycle now. The real housewives of DC was canceled after just one season and Miami didn't fare much better in the ratings but the other cities remain strong. Drawing ", "The  real housewives of DC  is the latest installment of the housewives series this time we're can't wait to continue watching the show and you can watch the  real housewives of DC . Every Thursday at 9 eighths central on Robin that's all the ", "The real housewives of DC is the latest installment of the housewives series this time we're getting an inside look at the unwritten social rules of our ", "can't wait to continue watching the show and you can watch the real housewives of DC . Every Thursday at 9 eighths central on Robin that's all the buzz we have created -- -- Rivera in New York thanks "]