['PHOTO: Gen. Keith B. Alexander, director of the National Security Agency  and head of the U.S. Cyber Command testifies on Capitol Hill in Washington on June 12, 2013, before the Senate Appropriations ...', 'PHOTO: Gen. Keith B. Alexander, director of the  National Security Agency  and head of the U.S. Cyber Command testifies on Capitol Hill in Washington on June 12, 2013, before the Senate Appropriations Committee, his first public appearance since revelations', 'PHOTO: Gen. Keith Alexander, director of the National Security Agency , prepares to testify during the Senate Appropriations Committee hearing on "Cybersecurity: Preparing for and Responding to the ...', 'PHOTO: Gen. Keith Alexander, director of the  National Security Agency , prepares to testify during the Senate Appropriations Committee hearing on "Cybersecurity: Preparing for and Responding to the Enduring Threat," June 12, 2013.', 'PHOTO: George Stephanopoulos interviews House Speaker John Boehner, left, R-Ohio, in New York, June 10, 2013. Edward Snowden, who worked as a contract employee at the National Security Agency , is ...', 'PHOTO: George Stephanopoulos interviews House Speaker John Boehner, left, R-Ohio, in New York, June 10, 2013. Edward Snowden, who worked as a contract employee at the  National Security Agency , is shown, June 9, 2013, in Hong Kong.', 'PHOTO: National Security Agency  plaques are seen at the compound at Fort Meade, Md., June 6, 2013. Edward Snowden, seen here in an interview with The Guardian newspaper, told the newspaper he was the ...', 'PHOTO:  National Security Agency  plaques are seen at the compound at Fort Meade, Md., June 6, 2013. Edward Snowden, seen here in an interview with The Guardian newspaper, told the newspaper he was the source of a series of leaked documents from the  NSA .', 'PHOTO: National Security Agency  plaques are seen at the compound at Fort Meade, Md. on June 6, 2013.', 'PHOTO:  National Security Agency  plaques are seen at the compound at Fort Meade, Md. on June 6, 2013.', 'PHOTO: Edward Snowden, who worked as a contract employee at the National Security Agency , is shown, June 9, 2013, in Hong Kong.', 'PHOTO: Edward Snowden, who worked as a contract employee at the  National Security Agency , is shown, June 9, 2013, in Hong Kong.', 'PHOTO: Edward Snowden, seen here in an interview with The Guardian newspaper, told the newspaper he was the source of a series of leaked documents from the National Security Agency .', 'PHOTO: Edward Snowden, seen here in an interview with The Guardian newspaper, told the newspaper he was the source of a series of leaked documents from the  National Security Agency .', 'VIDEO: This Week 06/09: Glenn Greenwald, Mark Udall on NSA Surveillance  Program', 'VIDEO: This Week 06/09: Glenn Greenwald, Mark Udall on  NSA Surveillance  Program', "PHOTO: The Washington Post obtained this slide from the NSA's surveillance PRISM  project.", "PHOTO: The Washington Post obtained this slide from the  NSA's surveillance PRISM  project.", 'PHOTO: The National Security Agency  building at Fort Meade, Md., Sept. 19, 2007.', 'PHOTO: The  National Security Agency  building at Fort Meade, Md., Sept. 19, 2007.', 'PHOTO: The National Security Agency  (NSA ) in the Washington suburb of Fort Meade, M.D., Jan. 25, 2006.', 'PHOTO: The  National Security Agency  ( NSA ) in the Washington suburb of Fort Meade, M.D., Jan. 25, 2006.']