['Stars promote the September music event taking place at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas.', "That means it's time to get popping, america. We begin with the big kickoff. Miley s, keith urban and  ryan seacrest  joined us last month to tell us about their big I heart radio concert. We have our own partnership with heart radio ", 'america. We begin with the big kickoff. Miley s, keith urban and ryan seacrest joined us last month to tell us about their big I heart radio concert. We have our own partnership with heart radio. ', "Ryan Seacrest , Keith Urban and Miley Cyrus discuss artists who will perform at this year's event.", "With The Stars. Anthony board to taste. Kate Cat Deeley So You Think You Can Dance. Heidi and Tim Project Runway.  Ryan Seacrest  American Idol. And Betty White Betty white's off their rockers. Betty White I finally. The nominees for lead actor ", "You Think You Can Dance. Heidi -- and Tim -- Project Runway. Ryan Seacrest American Idol. And Betty White Betty white's off their rockers. Betty White -- I -- finally. The nominees for lead actor in ", "couldn't walk the hall and there's. George and women's defense attorney and that's Miley Cyrus and then there's  Ryan Seacrest  to market and Mumford and how and where Christie what to pick a lot. Hey I just Belmont and and Monica in front of ", "and women's defense attorney -- and that's Miley Cyrus and then there's Ryan Seacrest to market and Mumford and -- how and where Christie what to pick a lot. Hey I just Belmont -- and and ", 'venture capital fast enough. This teenage dream has even gotten some dough-re-mi from the -- uh -- "idol" rich.  Ryan seacrest  gave you money. He just loved the concept and we\'re very obviously happy to have him on board. Reporter: When ', 'has even gotten some dough-re-mi from the -- uh -- "idol" rich. Ryan seacrest gave you money. He just loved the concept and we\'re very obviously happy to have him on board. Reporter: When it\'s time ', "We're all good and extremely happy. Reporter: The baby's grandmother kris jenner was all-smiles on sunday. And  ryan seacrest  said on his show, that kardashian e-mailed him with the news. I said, congrats my darling, you're a mommy ", "happy. Reporter: The baby's grandmother kris jenner was all-smiles on sunday. And ryan seacrest said on his show, that kardashian e-mailed him with the news. I said, congrats my darling, you're a mommy. She said, can't ", "someone who's pretty wonderful.  Ryan Seacrest  my body this morning because I Clark's new years rocking eve with  Ryan Seacrest  hosting. For seventh in a And Dick Clark's new years with  Ryan Seacrest  8 eastern right here. On ABC ", "one timing here that we actually share with someone who's pretty wonderful. Ryan Seacrest my body -- -- -- this morning because I heard you were up here. Yesterday now tell me right do you actually ", "anniversary as we just heard Dick Clark's new years rocking eve with Ryan Seacrest hosting. For seventh in a -- And we just heard some of the acts Brian and the first at least forty yeah ", "and the fund starts tomorrow Dick Clark's new years -- -- with Ryan Seacrest 8 eastern right here. On ABC. ", "mean. All leading the countdown the end of the year mobile host producer Dick Clark's new years rocking eve with  Ryan Seacrest  what. That just to that we we eight things we can thank for the 25. I want to start though it's Dick Clark's ", "the year mobile host producer Dick Clark's new years rocking eve with Ryan Seacrest what. That -- -- just to that we we -- eight things we can -- thank -- for the 25. I want ", "to people's everyday I mean her company it's a sign of civilization right where's the not expect all right now  Ryan Seacrest  also announced today is buying a controlling stake in marketing firm Optimus purchase benefit he seems to control so ", "of civilization right where's the -- -- not expect all right now Ryan Seacrest also announced today is buying a controlling stake in -- marketing firm Optimus purchase benefit -- he seems to control so much. ", "on Dick Clark's New Year's rock and He wouldn't  Ryan Seacrest  and foul ball about. line up. You had this year Thank current actions aren't continue to crush on you you have  Ryan Seacrest  effect for the Kardashian became Thank you. And we ", "watch -- celebration on Dick Clark's New Year's rock and He wouldn't Ryan Seacrest and -- -- foul ball about. -- -- -- line up. You had this year -- Thank you it's pretty stellar -- ", "current actions aren't continue to crush on -- you -- you have Ryan Seacrest effect for the Kardashian became -- Thank you. And we haven't even think we haven't even talked about American Idol. This new ", "blowfish generation either way the fortieth New Year's rocking is on tap. But I got us a little preview from host  Ryan Seacrest . Beginning the had a few dozen 25 wobble a bit dimmer than today's 42000. these embedded in Waterford crystal ", "is on tap. But I got us a little preview from host Ryan Seacrest . Beginning the -- had a few dozen 25 wobble a bit dimmer than today's 42000. -- -- these embedded in Waterford crystal. ", "there was the. Dictator for an upcoming film ashes reportedly to be Kim Jong-Il and it's not a real smile. All  Ryan Seacrest  live off on TV. one defeat on the academy briefly banned him from the red carpet altogether. Anticipating this and ", "reportedly to be Kim Jong-Il and it's not a real smile. All Ryan Seacrest live off on TV. -- one defeat on the academy briefly banned him from the red carpet altogether. Anticipating this and what ", "hour and he's on the hot seat.  Ryan Seacrest  is co hosting Dick Clark's new fantastic message coming from  Ryan Seacrest  you know how do we how do we get still we expect is that true that  Ryan Seacrest  whose great talented broadcaster ", "He's the man of the hour and he's on the hot seat. Ryan Seacrest is co hosting Dick Clark's new years Iraqi need 2009. Counting the world down to a brand new year and he's appeared ", 'forward to a great new year but a fantastic message coming from Ryan Seacrest you know how do we how do we get rid of this and we get rid of this -- -- of the ', "and you get there it still we expect is that true that Ryan Seacrest whose great talented broadcaster. Is a singer to -- once loving you know I'm so bad that that I've been seeing recently ", "special because. Speaking of New Year's himself is here  Ryan Seacrest  to run I The crowd went It is so nice to have you here requires a late night. Actually New York City alive  Ryan Seacrest  here. Incredible show every year tradition of all traditions ", "but actually special because. Speaking of New Year's -- himself is here Ryan Seacrest to run -- -- -- -- I -- The crowd went -- It is so nice to have you here you need a -- a busy morning and shouldn't be in -- It's a busy year it's a busy week and I hope it continues that way yeah I I tend to actually stay up later -- -- before New Year's Eve and I normally stay up. During the our course of a regular week because -- up later working American about a third that this this job requires a late night. Actually New York City alive Ryan Seacrest here. Incredible show every year tradition of all traditions an outstanding lineup let's go over some of the accident throughout the name. ", "speaking television that you named  Ryan Seacrest  He took this is top honor. what building. What you could call  Ryan Seacrest  He's becoming in a lot of ways the Sanjaya has disappeared from  Ryan Seacrest  we'll have this sort of entertainment ", "drive in the future. -- out speaking -- television that you named Ryan Seacrest He took this is top honor. -- what -- Ryan a -- -- actually got. Well everybody will know him of course from American Idol that's not why is on the cover of Details Magazine. That's just the tip of the iceberg. He's systematically building. What you could call Ryan Seacrest -- He's becoming in a lot of ways the next Oprah. And he's done that through tireless tireless work. And he's also ", "And long after the clay gains in the Sanjaya has disappeared from Ryan Seacrest we'll have this sort of entertainment. Power that's that's really really gonna last. I think you know he's. On it in -- ", "Good Morning America I am  Ryan Seacrest  here in time. Times Square broadcasting live a little bit later we'll go live later today as we bring new team but let's get ", "Good Morning America I am -- Ryan Seacrest here in time. Times Square -- -- broadcasting live a little bit later we'll go live later today as we bring -- ", "After last week's American people were talking more about  Ryan Seacrest  bizarre behavior then the double elimination. It is the male audience member and talked about Adam Lambert's talent time. What ", "After last week's American -- people were talking more about Ryan Seacrest bizarre behavior then the double elimination. It is -- the male audience member and talked about Adam Lambert's talent time. What evidence ", "Clark. This year's co host he must've done something right because they're having him back for a second here  Ryan Seacrest . Getting ready for the big night. But joining us now with a little things see you good morning great to see you it's ", "done something right because they're having him back for a second here Ryan Seacrest . Getting ready for the big night. But joining us now with a little things -- -- see you good morning great to "]