['Cavill, 30, has been linked to Kaley Cuoco, 27, star of the hit show "The Big Bang Theory."  Ruben Studdard  Goes From Winner to Loser  Ruben Studdard , the portly winner of "American Idol," wants to lose everything. The 455-pound crooner ', "winning the coveted title isn't a sure sign that you'll find a home on the Billboard charts (See: Taylor Hicks,  Ruben Studdard ). Some contestants, once household names, have vanished into oblivion. We've rounded up five of them: Sanjaya ", 'competition, but his style isn\'t for everyone. Ledet doesn\'t fit into the smooth R&B crooner mold of past winner  Ruben Studdard . He\'s more of a shouter like Otis Redding and Jackie Wilson. "Joshua is a very polarizing person," he said ', 'competition, but his style isn\'t for everyone. Ledet doesn\'t fit into the smooth R&B crooner mold of past winner  Ruben Studdard . He\'s more of a shouter like Otis Redding and Jackie Wilson. "Joshua is a very polarizing person," he said ', 'competition, but his style isn\'t for everyone. Ledet doesn\'t fit into the smooth R&B crooner mold of past winner  Ruben Studdard . He\'s more of a shouter like Otis Redding and Jackie Wilson. "Joshua is a very polarizing person," he said ', 'competition, but his style isn\'t for everyone. Ledet doesn\'t fit into the smooth R&B crooner mold of past winner  Ruben Studdard . He\'s more of a shouter like Otis Redding and Jackie Wilson. "Joshua is a very polarizing person," he said ', 'Australia and Europe. Clay Aiken Aiken continues to surprise, ever since his second-place finish to Season 2 winner  Ruben Studdard . Since the release of his first single, Aiken has outsold and outshined Studdard, earning an estimated $2.2 ', 'appearing simultaneously on the charts, he broke the Billboard 100 record previously held by Miley Cyrus. Then there are  Ruben Studdard , Taylor Hicks, Jordin Sparks and last year\'s winner, Kris Allen. All reached the pinnacle of "American Idol ', 'interest and penalties in 2007, after he failed to file tax returns for five years, according to the Associated Press.  Ruben Studdard  The "American Idol" crooner from Alabama ended up with property liens for failing to pay almost $200,000 in taxes ', 'interest and penalties in 2007, after he failed to file tax returns for five years, according to the Associated Press.  Ruben Studdard  The "American Idol" crooner from Alabama ended up with property liens for failing to pay almost $200,000 in taxes ', 'Poor, poor Paula Abdul . Her time with " American Idol " has been over for barely 24 hours and the media could not wait to move on. The big announcement that Posh Spice will be making a guest-judge appearance is completely overshadowing the sadness of the Abdul-"Idol" split . I can\'t help but give', 'as a secret drug abuser in "UnSweetined," from Simon Spotlight Entertainment.  Ruben Studdard  "American Idol" fame isn\'t helping R&B crooner  Ruben Studdard  pay his bills these days. In August, Studdard , the winner of "Idol\'s" second ', 'rights to all her photographs, along with her town house and a country house.  Ruben Studdard  "American Idol" fame isn\'t helping R&B crooner  Ruben Studdard  pay his bills these days. In August, the season two winner was hit with property ', "you're one for one on this. a different. You know started on animal takes over for them art Lafley Clay Aiken and  Ruben Studdard . Wow yeah mom and you know. Santos settled it was a second season showdown for America and I really was yeah. And ", 'on animal takes over for them -- art Lafley Clay Aiken and Ruben Studdard . Wow yeah mom -- and you know. Santos settled it was a second season showdown for America and I really was yeah. ', "already forgotten the winner's name. Always a clean beaver something like. now nine American idols ten if you count  Ruben Studdard  twice and that's enough I really do. I thought it was a pretty boring season this year but some people were very ", "something like. -- -- now nine American idols ten if you count Ruben Studdard twice and that's enough I really do. I thought it was a pretty boring season this year but some people were very ", 'are really going to rile up the David Cook and get them develop even Mark Art and now I ask you capping Michelle was  Ruben Studdard  the first male idol winner who was really successful. In terms recording career. What do you see for the teammates ', 'even Mark -- Art and now I ask you capping Michelle was Ruben Studdard the first male idol winner who was really successful. In terms -- recording career. What do you see for the teammates and ', 'codes to represent their local allegiance Drake. You like Eminem in the movie eight mile. And American Idol winner  Ruben Studdard  introduce the world to his to all five Alabama area code in 2003. If you think about it in your area code for the ', '-- like Eminem in the movie eight mile. And American Idol winner Ruben Studdard introduce the world to his to all five Alabama area code in 2003. If you think about it in your area code ']