['U.N. Secretary-General Kofi Annan called for disciplinary action against the chief of Oil-for-Food ( search ) after a report released Thursday said the program head ...', "On Monday, South Korea's Ban Ki-moon threw his hat into the ring to serve a second five-year term as head of the United Nations. While he is very likely to keep his ...", 'Before the United Nations can save the planet, it needs to clean up its own house. And as scandal after scandal has unfolded over the past decade, from Oil for Food ...', 'One of the targets of the U.N. Oil-for-Food investigation, Alexander Yakovlev ( search ), was stripped of his diplomatic immunity Monday and taken into custody by fe...', 'Investigators have concluded that the former chief of the Iraq Oil-for-Food program, Benon Sevan ( search ), took kickbacks under the $64 billion humanitarian operat...', "A U.S. State Department official said Thursday that an interim report on bribery and other wrongdoing in the U.N. Oil-for-Food program didn't exonerate Kofi Annan ( ...", 'The chairman of the House International Relations Committee opened a second front into his investigation of the United Nations on Wednesday as his panel issued three...', 'About 400 United Nations staff, many in tears, held a memorial service for Nadia Younes, a senior U.N. official who was killed in the bomb attack on U.N. offices in ...', "An Egyptian court has sentenced a former finance minister to 25 years in prison on charges of squandering public funds.Egypt's state news agency reported Tuesday tha...", "British Foreign Secretary William Hague promised Egypt's president on Tuesday to help resolve a dispute between the two countries over assets allegedly stolen and de...", 'Former U.N. Secretary-General Boutros Boutros-Ghali ( search ) was hospitalized after collapsing at a conference in Monaco on Saturday, authorities and colleagues sa...', 'U.N. Secretary-General Kofi Annan ( search ) said Friday he would take prompt action in response to a highly critical investigative report about the troubled Oil-for...', 'The following is a transcript of a statement Paul Volcker made August 8, 2005, at a news conference, followed by a question and answer session with reporters.I have ...']