['Roll what we eliminated the need that on American  Idol  lot of people thought would be the one to go to even in the bottom to. hurts are crying over him he. He all the way but then Diane Allen option of American  Idol  did it again.', 'Roll -- what we eliminated the need that on American Idol lot of people thought -- -- -- would be the one to go to even in the bottom to. -- hurts. Stephanie at sort of the want to go vote they did say her last performance was not prevent. This man right here is in the top ten yesterday. A lot of what America decides just to do something quirky for the part of -- right. Why not the teenage girls that you see here are crying over him he. He -- -- all the way but then Diane Allen -- option of American Idol did it again. ', "Edward Williams  Sanjaya . The Iowa all American  Idol  last sizable bloc is gone. Thinks he's a little bit like John Travolta assignments and incredible. He just gave up and said welcome to.", "Edward Williams Sanjaya . The -- Iowa all American Idol last sizable bloc is gone. Thinks he's a little bit like John Travolta assignments and incredible. He just gave up and -- ", "finally went down last night in college  Sanjaya  is and Nara. Ability of the hold that weeks not even a red Bandana could save  Sanjaya  from  idol  elimination last night let's watch there thing we as a country can do about  Sanjaya  on American Yeah senator. second at ", "Finally happened finally went down last night in college Sanjaya is -- and Nara. Ability of the hold that is -- -- that's right -- you know after thirteen weeks not even a red Bandana could save Sanjaya from idol elimination last night let's watch. He made -- walk a household word. Brought devoted fans to tears and even became the topic of conversation for presidential candidate. Is there -- thing we as a country can do about Sanjaya on American -- Yeah -- -- senator. -- -- second at -- -- that a lot yeah but after three months of late night slaughter and unlikely radio supporters. Tonight's the night to vote for Sanjaya this Sanjaya phenomenon has finally come to an end Sanjaya and you. Are going home tonight and have a -- he fought back tears last night all is not lost for the ", "it's been a news making several weeks for  Sanjaya  Americans seemed transfixed by his singing Okay. There on Tuesday night Seattle  Sanjaya  is town choir had their regular practice says all the attention has not changed  Sanjaya . And she has a message for the critic ", "Even the moving once it's been a news making several weeks for Sanjaya Americans seemed transfixed by his singing. Listen that hairdo is definitely interest in the -- And he can -- I presume that was no merit in new dressing. Okay. There on Tuesday night -- -- Seattle Sanjaya is town choir had their regular practice without him. These people knew he -- and that was just a few weeks ago ", "and dancing. He's a -- says all the attention has not changed Sanjaya . And she has a message for the critic. And there are better ways to spend your time and energy than bashing some ", "And rounding out the list a hairdo if you watch American  Idol  you know all about  Sanjaya  and all about his Mohawk last night. If you don't want to show well let's just say the  Sanjaya  sings like you do Wear when your in the shower and assuming ", "year. And rounding out the list a hairdo if you watch American Idol you know all about Sanjaya and all about his Mohawk last night. If you don't want to show well let's just say the Sanjaya sings like you do Wear when your in the shower and assuming you're drunk and a bad singer. And his hairdo is ", 'tell you that it was season six it was 2007. MRI on American  Idol . And it was the hair it was the teens across the country going up some. Do you write any of the secrets of being an American  Idol  star in their I rides on mom and I paid. Basically. Lay out ', 'you that it was season six it was 2007. MRI on American Idol . And it was the hair it was the teens across the country going crazy. Everybody knew your name it was like a ', 'some. Do you write any of the secrets of being an American Idol star in their I rides on mom and I paid. Basically. Lay out wet. -- day. Make what is to be contestant ', 'Former "American  Idol " contestant returns with a new book, album and hairstyle.', "it made wonder. What's driving these  idol  makeovers that's why ABC's piano belligerent in the business of creating a bankable  idol  star. He's got the There. He's kept driving his. Allen didn't need him.  Sanjaya  shocking hairstyle have a performances losing some twenty pounds. Year after year  idol  fans watched hopefuls transformed from ", "-- American Idol effect though it's not about the singing it's about the style house so many of the contenders undergo astounding transformations right before our eyes. No cooler clothes to prepare cuts of style evolution warp speed and it made -- wonder. What's driving these idol makeovers that's why ABC's piano belligerent as here with that -- in a juvenile -- What -- show -- and you know what -- All -- talk about appearances has many asking the question what ever happened in the business of creating a bankable idol star. -- -- -- -- -- He's got the -- There. He's kept his shoes a lot of those -- But did anyone hear about the police critics charge that style not challenge is the biggest driving his. Allen didn't need him. -- Sanjaya shocking hairstyle have a -- performances in which at best -- well just don't hate. That hairdo was definitely interstate five to ", 'Chris and Robin I want to plan to this this morning whatever Sanjaya was gonna do I was in -- curly or wavy or straight when asked about -- hawk adds that you know come ', "brilliant singer you threatened to quit. If  Sanjaya  won. Well I would evolves to leave you I couldn't have gone into American  Idol  seven saying. Ali was good as the winner of American  Idol  six I mean the whole thing would have disrespectful. But the next night American  Idol  went so far as to broadcast on aired footage ", "to do you all be brilliant singer you threatened to quit. If Sanjaya won. Well I would evolves to leave you out I don't think they wouldn't let me you've but I -- wanted to leave. Since it clearly connected with the audience what camp because it. I couldn't have gone into American Idol seven saying. Ali was good as the winner of American Idol six -- -- I mean the whole thing would have been chip. Because he just couldn't sing very well. It's one controversy ", "really is that. Threatened to quit. If  Sanjaya  won. Well I would of me. Yeah identity I couldn't have gone into American  Idol  set saying. Ali was good as the winner of American  Idol  six  Sanjaya  I mean the whole thing would've been ", "can -- since season one. Because she's not just -- great American Idol we and a she's out there now with some of the great to singers in the world I mean I think she's as good as someone like -- deal. I think she really is that. Threatened to quit. If Sanjaya won. Well I would of -- me. Yeah identity they would let me you'd but I -- wanted to leave since it clearly connected with the audience what camp because. I couldn't have gone into American Idol set saying. Ali was good as the winner of American Idol six Sanjaya I mean the whole thing would've been -- chip. Because he just couldn't sing very well. There is swan controversy that still ", "rounding out the list a hair do you. If you watch American  Idol  you know all about  Sanjaya  and all about his Mohawk last night if you don't want to show well let's just say the  Sanjaya  sings like you do Wear when in the shower and assuming you're ", "rounding out the list a hair do you. If you watch American Idol you know all about Sanjaya and all about his Mohawk last night if you don't want to show well let's just say the Sanjaya sings like you do Wear when -- in the shower and assuming you're drunk and a bad singer. And his hairdo is ", "record out there Paper trail and email trail. Person farther than he'd go but I have one last question. We it's about  Sanjaya  it's not enough to gently to save our American  Idol  it's and some excellent answer. Is there anything coming that great discussion on the Imus controversy race. Conversation ", "than he'd go but I have one last question. We it's about Sanjaya it's not enough to gently -- to save our American Idol it's and some excellent answer. Is there anything coming -- that great discussion on the Imus controversy -- race. Conversation that's been ", "will know him of course from American  Idol  that's not why is on the cover of Details the greatest impact. But as American  Idol  show shows it's its enduring. And long after the clay gains in the  Sanjaya  has disappeared from Ryan Seacrest we'll become known because it was before American  Idol  exit TJ in Atlanta. Frank you know it's ", "mavericks' title -- who's gonna have the greatest impact. But as American Idol show shows it's its enduring. And long after the clay gains in the Sanjaya has disappeared from Ryan Seacrest we'll have this sort of entertainment. Power that's that's really really gonna last. I think you know "]