['Bowl. Faith Hill, who sang "America The Beautiful" before her, also lip-synced. They did so at the request of  Rickey Minor , the pregame show producer. Minor told The Associated Press at the time that he insisted Hudson and Hill use the tracks ', 'millions of TV viewers heard was lip-synched. "The music was pre-recorded, and so was the vocal," confirmed  Rickey Minor , who was Houston\'s musical director at the time. Minor, now the band leader on Jay Leno\'s "Tonight Show ', "Rickey Minor  is the Emmy-nominated music director of American Idol, which ends its season May 19-20, and his Rickey's Review segment ", 'previously recorded track, and apparently so did Faith Hill who performed before her. They did so at the request of  Rickey Minor , the pregame show producer. Minor told The Associated Press that he insisted Hudson and Hill, who sang "America ', "Embellishments to the anthem which have become standard practice may reach an all-time high. The piece will be arranged by  Rickey Minor , who produced Whitney Houston's over-the-top, Top 20-charting anthem from Super Bowl XXV and now he has five ", "Embellishments to the anthem which have become standard practice may reach an all-time high. The piece will be arranged by  Rickey Minor , who produced Whitney Houston's over-the-top, Top 20-charting anthem from Super Bowl XXV and now he has five ", "Embellishments to the anthem which have become standard practice may reach an all-time high. The piece will be arranged by  Rickey Minor , who produced Whitney Houston's over-the-top, Top 20-charting anthem from Super Bowl XXV and now he has five ", "Embellishments to the anthem which have become standard practice may reach an all-time high. The piece will be arranged by  Rickey Minor , who produced Whitney Houston's over-the-top, Top 20-charting anthem from Super Bowl XXV and now he has five ", "Embellishments to the anthem which have become standard practice may reach an all-time high. The piece will be arranged by  Rickey Minor , who produced Whitney Houston's over-the-top, Top 20-charting anthem from Super Bowl XXV and now he has five ", 'Embellishments to the anthem which have become standard practice may reach an all-time high. The piece will be arranged by  Rickey Minor , who produced Whitney Houston s over-the-top, Top 20-charting anthem from Super Bowl XXV and now he has five ', 'are last recorded performances the soundtrack for this movie. The very bittersweet moment you have. Her bandleader  Rickey minor  who we know from American Idol sitting on the red carpet. I was debating skipping the premier and going into movie ', 'soundtrack for this movie. The very bittersweet moment you have. Her bandleader Rickey minor who we know from American Idol sitting on the red carpet. I was debating skipping the premier and going into -- movie ', "took from build it. I thought it sounded good but I didn't know if she would. takes two to be in the business.  Rickey minor  became the musical director for the Tonight Show band. He was a struggling artist like Whitney Houston looking for ", 'she would. -- takes two to be in the business. -- -- Rickey minor became the musical director for the Tonight Show band. He was a struggling artist like Whitney Houston looking for that big break ', "We changed the music landscape for ever put the number one singles saving all my love for you. came out in. Crazy.  Rickey minor  now Whitney's music director watched the Jersey girl morph into a household name. And we talked and we couldn't ", "all my love for you. -- -- -- came out in. Crazy. Rickey minor now Whitney's music director watched the Jersey girl morph into a household name. And we talked -- and we couldn't believe how "]