["Welcome into the every one another one bites the dust we're talking about  SNL  cast members kind of falling like lives. We have another attacks in the to he made his announcement last night on the Letterman ", "the -- every one another one bites the dust we're talking about SNL cast members kind of falling like lives. We have another -- attacks in the -- to he made his announcement last night ", 'globally on Vevo and YouTube, a spokesman for American Express told The Associated Press. Armisen, who left " Saturday Night Live " earlier this year, is also a drummer and has previously directed music videos. It\'s the 13th streamed concert ', 'it." The film, which opens Friday, was written and directed by Maggie Carey, wife of actor Bill Hader (" Saturday Night Live "). They met in improv class at the Upright Citizens Brigade Theatre and first worked together on Carey\'s Web ', 'it." The film, which opens Friday, was written and directed by Maggie Carey, wife of actor Bill Hader (" Saturday Night Live "). They met in improv class at the Upright Citizens Brigade Theatre and first worked together on Carey\'s Web ', 'Update desk at " Saturday Night Live ." "Time-wise year, leaving " Saturday Night Live " after the fall Weekend Update at " SNL " before leaving mirrors that of " SNL ." Both Meyers place like \' Saturday Night Live ,\' which is a collection ', 'the U.S. Army private accused of leaking mass amounts of classified information to WikiLeaks. 5. Jason Sudeikis Confirms He\'s Leaving \' SNL \' Jason Sudeikis has confirmed he will not be returning to " Saturday Night Live " this fall.', 'eight years on the air at " Saturday Night Live ," Jason Sudeikis says he\'s had a busy election year on " Saturday Night Live ," portraying both Republican exodus of male cast members at " SNL ." Both Fred Armisen and Bill ', 'Photo credit: Alexander Tamargo/Getty Images) The rumors were true: Jason Sudeikis will not be returning to " Saturday Night Live " this fall, he has confirmed. "I\'m definitely done," he told David Letterman in a pre-taped interview ', 'Third Eye Blind is 42. Actress Christine Taylor ("The Brady Bunch Movie") is 42. Comedian Dean Edwards (" Saturday Night Live ") is 40. Actress Hilary Swank is 39. Actress Jaime Pressly is 36. Singer-guitarist Seth Avett of The Avett ', 'Skinhead," two weeks after the album dropped. The music video came days later. West performed on NBC\'s " Saturday Night Live " a month before he released "Yeezus," debuting the songs "New Slaves" and "Black Skinhead" while lights ', 'as a befuddled NFL replacement referee and Jay Pharoah of " Saturday Night Live " as Jay-Z explaining how in his new gig as a sports agent he only represents winners. Former " SNL " star Bill Hader spoofed Russian president Vladimir Putin ', 'to miniseries "American Horror Story: Asylum." Close behind was "Game of Thrones" with 16 nods, while " Saturday Night Live " and the Liberace biopic "Behind the Candelabra" earned 15 nominations each, including nods for stars Michael ', 'Burrell, "Modern Family," ABC; Bill Hader, " Saturday Night Live ," NBC; Tony Hale, "Veep," HBO. Supporting NBC; "Real Time With Bill Maher," HBO; " Saturday Night Live ," NBC. Children\'s Program: "Good Luck Charlie ', "Welcome into the every one another one bites the dust we're talking about  SNL  cast members kind of falling like lives. We have another attacks in the to he made his announcement last night on the Letterman ", "the -- every one another one bites the dust we're talking about SNL cast members kind of falling like lives. We have another -- attacks in the -- to he made his announcement last night ", "SNL  Funnyman Bobby Moynihan Reveals What It's Really Like To Work With Lorne Michaels", "us laugh hard each week on  Saturday Night Live  as the drunk uncle governor compliment about that's another  SNL . Again that includes. Seen obviously a fifth season on  SNL  yes yes very exciting people heard sort of behind the scenes  SNL  Carlisle it's it's not ", "coming out grownups too and then in July compliment about that's another SNL . Again that includes. Seen in in grownups too where. Kevin James character goes to a cheerleader car wash. There's a bunch Victoria's Secret models but they're busy so they get us and that's pretty. -- -- pretty good cannot govern I -- Much of the guys from S and around me Tarrant -- Paul Brittan has much people there's just like coming home yet. Right. On reading -- now obviously a fifth season on SNL yes yes very exciting people what do you these characters I'm sure -- what you write all of your character there have ", "get your stepson -- mean we've heard sort of behind the scenes SNL -- Carlisle it's it's not. Competitively cutthroat competitive it competitive -- stabilizers and I there's not a lot of time in an ", "Andy Samberg on New Flick With Rashida Jones 'Celeste and Jesse Forever', 'Saturday Night Live' Exit", 'with us. We know him from " saturday night live ." But he\'s getting a little you\'re not getting ready for " saturday night live " in seven years. How does kind of -- do standup or " snl " and I got lucky. Want to ', 'I\'m a night person. It was kind of -- do standup or " snl " and I got lucky. Want to do a round of co-star k keyword. Justin timberlake. Wait. That\'s going so fast. He\'s breaking ', 'Want to address some -- with the new -- the season of " saturday night live " now done, there are cast members moving on. Your name I mean, bill aand bill are leaving. You never leave " snl ." It\'s like the mob. You know, it never leaves you ', 'Want to address some -- with the new -- the season of " saturday night live " now done, there are cast members moving on. Your name has floated out there. Can you tell us about your future. Yeah, I mean, bill aand bill are leaving. You never leave " snl ." It\'s like the mob. You know, it never leaves you. You never leave it and we\'ve got a great godfather in lorne ', "This is a walk-in. And it's still legend at  saturday night live , kevin spacey, doing chris watt kin, auditioning very funny. A few months after I had done that  saturday night live  sketch, I ran into christopher walken at a party ", "day, another $50,000. This is a walk-in. And it's still legend at saturday night live , kevin spacey, doing chris watt kin, auditioning to be han, solo. He tells me your looking for ald ron system. It was very funny. A few months after I had done that saturday night live sketch, I ran into christopher walken at a party. I didn't know him all that well. And he walked up to me ", 'first time ever on "gma." You don\'t have to sing if you don\'t want to. Maybe later. We all know her for " saturday night live " and "bridesmaids." Now back in "girl most likely." A writer forced to move back home but her eccentric ', 'if you don\'t want to. Maybe later. We all know her for " saturday night live " and "bridesmaids." Now back in "girl most likely." A writer forced to move back home but her eccentric mom played by annette ', 'drones which earned top and drama series were supporting actor Peter Dick lynch an actress Emilia Clarke. Both  Saturday Night Live  and Liberace biopic the candelabra urged fifteen nominations with two leading Matt Damon and Michael Douglas both ', 'series were supporting actor Peter Dick lynch an actress Emilia Clarke. Both Saturday Night Live and Liberace biopic the -- candelabra urged fifteen nominations with -- -- two leading -- Matt Damon and Michael Douglas both competing ']