['Producto" in 2011. And last year, Usher was featured on  Romeo  Santos\' hit " Promise ." "Washington Heights" might positive portrayal to counteract drug-dealing stereotypes in  hip - hop  songs might\'ve forced their hand. So we end up with a pasteurized ', 'I\'m Ready" features the kids\' timid proclamations that they\'re ready for Christmas. The lyrics were penned by  rapper Romeo  Holloway, who performed at the octuplets birthday party in January, and include such lines as "Mama told me that ', '7-year-olds would prefer if the rapscallion  Romeo  of MTV\'s " Jersey Shore " stopped serve it in his nightclubs. Other  hip - hop  artists followed suit. "I felt patronizing disrespect for the culture of  hip - hop ," Jay-Z wrote in his 2010 book ', "Hines Ward Wins 'Dancing With the Stars' Season 12; Kirstie Alley Takes Second Place", "for the championship. PHOTOS: Season 12 Highlights, Shocking Eliminations This years' cast included  actor  Ralph Macchio , rapper/ actor Romeo , former champion boxer Sugar Ray Leonard, TV personality Kendra Wilkinson and TV/radio talk show ", "celebrities who joined Season 12 of the hit show to vie for the championship. This years' cast included  actor  Ralph Macchio , rapper/ actor Romeo , former champion boxer Sugar Ray Leonard, TV personality Kendra Wilkinson and TV/radio talk show ", 'sustained during the show. "It was at the point where sometimes I really couldn\'t walk," said the actress. This week  Lil \'  Romeo  was eliminated from "Dancing With the Stars," leaving Chelsea Kane and Mark Ballas, Hines Ward and Kym Johnson ', "'Dancing With the Stars' Season 12: Romeo  Voted Off but Entertainer Says 'I'm Fearless Now'", 'Romeo  was eliminated from a dancer at all,"  Romeo  said today on " Good formerly known as  Lil \'  Romeo , revealed he didn\'t Hightower proposed and  Romeo  rejected: shaking his the routines, and the  actor  and entertainer earned ', 'the first-ever classical theme on " DWTS " in which technique was paramount Stars\' Season 12; Places Bets on  Romeo , Hines Ward Leonard, who said he he\'d be rooting for fellow competitors  Romeo  and Hines Ward to go all the way ', "Maksim Chmerkovskiy Speaks About Last Night's Tumble on 'Dancing With the Stars'", 'keep me and Tony here," she said. Following the show, she tweeted a picture of her swollen feet. Judges told singer  Romeo  that he "took a step backward" this week, and gave his rumba a 20. Despite the slip-ups, the night held plenty of ', 'Dancing With the Stars Season 12 Results: Mike Catherwood, Lacey Schwimmer First Couple Booted', "Ralph Macchio An  actor , writer, director children's programming.  Romeo  Percy  Romeo Miller , Jr., better his stage name,  Romeo , is an American entertainer,  actor , entrepreneur and mogul Percy Miller.  Romeo  has sold more than freshman, he and his  basketball  team made USC history ", 'Mark Ballas Sugar Ray Leonard and Anna Trebunsakaya Ralph Macchio and Karina Smirnoff Petra Nemcova and Dimitry Chaplin  Romeo  and Chelsie Hightower Hines Ward and Kym Johnson Kendra Wilkinson and Louis van Amstel Wendy Williams and Tony Dovolani', "Ralph Macchio An  actor , writer, director children's programming.  Romeo  Percy  Romeo Miller , Jr., better his stage name,  Romeo , is an American entertainer,  actor , entrepreneur and mogul Percy Miller.  Romeo  has sold more than freshman, he and his  basketball  team made USC history ", 'P, along with his son  Romeo , has formed a new label Stand will offer "clean"  hip - hop  music, featuring responsible like I\'m a parent of  hip - hop ." Now a father five example for the rest of the  hip - hop  community by refining ', "to this season JR Martinez. The  actor  who was seriously wounded serving extraordinary. An Iraqi war vet  actor  and fellow All My Children alone the park with his partner in crime  Romeo  my  Romeo  we he's so focused on the ball ", 'time now and the man to -- this season JR Martinez. The actor who was seriously wounded serving in Iraq is at the top of the leaderboard and as Bruno says his life story -- ', "extraordinary things -- -- you did something extraordinary. An Iraqi war vet actor and fellow All My Children alone I am fortunate to call JR Martinez pretty close friend. I really hurt like right now like -- -- I act. I would look at -- any ballplayer get out of bed He had I would've been -- morning and my feet still -- that that -- -- and my body it's hard to kind of rally of Russian repeat late -- -- -- -- this. They'd heard the that I -- -- about -- would be that hard -- JR and I hit the park with his partner in crime Romeo my -- Romeo we -- -- -- he's so focused on the ball right now it's that same focus and determination that has gotten JR ", "shots. in the semifinals.  Romeo  and Chelsea. And I was is will be tried. And  Romeo  and Chelsea hightower join Good to have full opt out  Romeo . Is a little bit casual Ability USC played college  basketball  and I'm really used to ", "music always with the right of the school. Ability USC played college basketball and I'm really used to tough criticism and I think that. The judges actually mainly betting on Iraq on me when I'm ", "Apparently dancing can be dangerous and CNN. Yet as big grant. The dance floor reminded  Romeo  of a  basketball  court he's played on USC's  basketball  team which of regulars was trying to. Don't go all. We also checked out the celebrities ", "Yet as big grant. -- -- -- -- The dance floor reminded Romeo of a basketball court he's played on USC's basketball team which of regulars was trying to. Don't go -- all. We also checked out the celebrities Twitter accounts. Wendi Williams tweeted ", 'Jake can move. But not like this dude. Take a look,  romeo  elvis is his name. He takes on his dragon toy. Wait a little tribute to ginger we mig say and involved a little  hip - hop  music and the recut some o her reporting in the middle ', 'internet. Jake can move. But not like this dude. Take a look, romeo elvis is his name. He takes on his dragon toy. Wait a second. Wait a second. Violent child. His father actually made ', "people but that's an I can I got two left. and I'm not that girl I'd love to dance other stars include rapper little  Romeo  old grown up now Disney star Chelsea king and this is WW He wrestler Chris Jericho journalists in great shape you know really ", "I'd love to dance -- -- -- other stars include rapper little Romeo old grown up now Disney star Chelsea king and this is WW He wrestler Chris Jericho journalists in great shape you know ", 'Norman this little bit anger is felt of shaking. I think  Romeo  has been a rap star since eleventh this was his first hit is a tricky balancing act. This is Tootsie Roll by the  hip hop  69 bullets to a let me put him. Doctor Levin might Heather ', '-- anger is felt -- -- -- of shaking. I think -- Romeo has been a rap star since eleventh this was his first hit single might they be if He maintained a regular school ', "Charles Manson's drug family slaughtered  actor  Sharon Tate and others in California There's also object at 72 he's the resident  Romeo  who can't quite get Kathleen attention only one there's Helen Mirren taking her  hip hop  and talented girls. And Cloris Leachman ", "country just a few months after Charles Manson's drug -- family slaughtered actor Sharon Tate and others in California. And just as Manson's family wrote helter skelter and pagan their victims' blood pig was written "]