['the newest " American  Idol  " Wednesday night after other contenders? An " Idol " stint in no way guarantees rounded up five of them:  Sanjaya Malakar  You\'d think with a name as catchy as  Sanjaya , this season 6 contestant well-known post-" Idol " job may be the much-panned ', 'reality show, "American  Idol ." Earlier this year tone-deaf contestant  Sanjaya Malakar  triggered a campaign urged voters to support  Sanjaya  for laughs.  Sanjaya  was eventually voted off "American  Idol ." Osmond has been largely ', 'you\'ve been on \'American  Idol \' doesn\'t guarantee placed fourth during " Idol \'s" fifth season popularity for its "Vote for  Sanjaya " campaign. Della Terza but vocally challenged  Sanjaya Malakar  to reach to reach the let\'s remember that  Sanjaya  didn\'t win," Thompson have competed for the " Idol " crown and the dozens ', 'crowds. Is "American  Idol ," one of the highest-rated lowest debut of an \' Idol \' winner on the charts viewers a week." The  Sanjaya  Factor Sure, Sparks not Sparks -- it was  Sanjaya Malakar , the "ponyhawk pretty-boy who baffled the " Idol " judges by sticking ', 'Cowell threatened to leave if  Sanjaya  Malikar won. "Well, I would\'ve couldn\'t have gone into \'American  Idol \' seven saying, \'Are you as good as the winner of \'American  Idol \' six,  Sanjaya ?\'" he said. "I mean, the whole ', 'right now in an effort to get  Sanjaya Malakar  kicked off "American  Idol ." Yep, that\'s right of the singer in half, " Sanjaya , you\'re going down that\'s idle, not  idol  -- "are the playground for but because of \'American  Idol \' discovering his amazing least a little while longer.  Sanjaya , in Sanskrit, means "victory ', 'Washington native  Sanjaya Malakar  became one of the most faces from "American  Idol \'s" sixth season would make for a great  Idol  moment, so they gave among the team, so when  Idol  host Ryan Seacrest introduced Something Good,\' here\'s  Sanjaya Malakar ." I prayed to have ', 'battle royale comes as no surprise to the  Idol  faithful. In online chatter, Cook and enough now that he\'s gone?\' " Tonight,  Idol  moves to the 7,100-seat Nokia Theatre the writers\' strike, and there was no  Sanjaya -esque train wreck to pull in TV rubberneckers older than those in 2007, according to " Idol " database whatnottosing.com. Says ', 'Australian Outback." You may not remember who won "American  Idol " last season, but unless you were living under a box for most of 2007, you probably remember  Sanjaya Malakar  -- the chameleon-haired, high-pitched contestant known more ', '"American  Idol " has returned to the Danny Noriega: Son of  Sanjaya  Not since  Sanjaya Malakar  himself has a contestant on grotesque." Like  Sanjaya , the pariah of Season pales in comparison to  Sanjaya \'s luscious mane words of praise from " Idol " judge Randy Jackson ', 'slight changes to the show,  Idol  producers have declined viewers have grown weary of  Idol  is because, at times the success last season of  Sanjaya Malakar , a singer of limited talent who finished seventh.  Idol  has lived up to its "Search ', 'www.tobykeith.musiccitynetworks.com 5. American  Idol  Live! Didn\'t get enough of  Sanjaya Malakar  on this season\'s "American  Idol "? Scream for him one more time at American  Idol  Live!, which kicks off on July 6. The 10 finalists ', "face says it Every week you watch  Sanjaya  a slight cool I don't know why I Howard Stern has been campaigning for  Sanjaya  on his radio show as sort of cruel joke. Tonight's the night to vote for  Sanjaya  if you him one more week. Number ", "had for little girls face says it -- Every week you watch Sanjaya a slight cool I don't know why I am so why then did viewers keep voting for. There are several theories about his survival and number warning -- -- effect. Shock jock Howard Stern has been campaigning for Sanjaya on his radio show as -- sort of cruel joke. Tonight's the night to vote for Sanjaya if you -- -- him one more week. Number two -- the Webber picked up a website called to vote for the worst dot com is trying to boost Sanjaya is essentially to make a force in the show. Number three. The Indian affect. There was speculation that people in India were voting for Sanjaya because of -- Indian heritage. But that's unlikely since the show was broadcast in India until after the voting lines are cloaked. In number for this ticket to Simon affect. Simon Cowell has said he quit the show -- Sanjaya wins in their eighty some -- wanna -- Movie there is such a thing as -- sympathy vote. He seems like a nice kid there's a part of. People that want him to succeed they want him to. To do well and so that they keep kind of rooting for him. You know for the record that little girl says he was crying because she like Sanjaya and wolf. Find out tonight if he survives another week it's. They've since normal and is adorable anything. That's always makes sense ", 'Roll what we eliminated the need that on American  Idol  lot of people thought would be the one to go to even in the bottom to. hurts are crying over him he. He all the way but then Diane Allen option of American  Idol  did it again.', 'Roll -- what we eliminated the need that on American Idol lot of people thought -- -- -- would be the one to go to even in the bottom to. -- hurts. Stephanie at sort of the want to go vote they did say her last performance was not prevent. This man right here is in the top ten yesterday. A lot of what America decides just to do something quirky for the part of -- right. Why not the teenage girls that you see here are crying over him he. He -- -- all the way but then Diane Allen -- option of American Idol did it again. ', "Edward Williams  Sanjaya . The Iowa all American  Idol  last sizable bloc is gone. Thinks he's a little bit like John Travolta assignments and incredible. He just gave up and said welcome to.", "Edward Williams Sanjaya . The -- Iowa all American Idol last sizable bloc is gone. Thinks he's a little bit like John Travolta assignments and incredible. He just gave up and -- ", "finally went down last night in college  Sanjaya  is and Nara. Ability of the hold that weeks not even a red Bandana could save  Sanjaya  from  idol  elimination last night let's watch there thing we as a country can do about  Sanjaya  on American Yeah senator. second at ", "Finally happened finally went down last night in college Sanjaya is -- and Nara. Ability of the hold that is -- -- that's right -- you know after thirteen weeks not even a red Bandana could save Sanjaya from idol elimination last night let's watch. He made -- walk a household word. Brought devoted fans to tears and even became the topic of conversation for presidential candidate. Is there -- thing we as a country can do about Sanjaya on American -- Yeah -- -- senator. -- -- second at -- -- that a lot yeah but after three months of late night slaughter and unlikely radio supporters. Tonight's the night to vote for Sanjaya this Sanjaya phenomenon has finally come to an end Sanjaya and you. Are going home tonight and have a -- he fought back tears last night all is not lost for the ", "it's been a news making several weeks for  Sanjaya  Americans seemed transfixed by his singing Okay. There on Tuesday night Seattle  Sanjaya  is town choir had their regular practice says all the attention has not changed  Sanjaya . And she has a message for the critic ", "Even the moving once it's been a news making several weeks for Sanjaya Americans seemed transfixed by his singing. Listen that hairdo is definitely interest in the -- And he can -- I presume that was no merit in new dressing. Okay. There on Tuesday night -- -- Seattle Sanjaya is town choir had their regular practice without him. These people knew he -- and that was just a few weeks ago ", "and dancing. He's a -- says all the attention has not changed Sanjaya . And she has a message for the critic. And there are better ways to spend your time and energy than bashing some ", "And rounding out the list a hairdo if you watch American  Idol  you know all about  Sanjaya  and all about his Mohawk last night. If you don't want to show well let's just say the  Sanjaya  sings like you do Wear when your in the shower and assuming ", "year. And rounding out the list a hairdo if you watch American Idol you know all about Sanjaya and all about his Mohawk last night. If you don't want to show well let's just say the Sanjaya sings like you do Wear when your in the shower and assuming you're drunk and a bad singer. And his hairdo is ", 'tell you that it was season six it was 2007. MRI on American  Idol . And it was the hair it was the teens across the country going up some. Do you write any of the secrets of being an American  Idol  star in their I rides on mom and I paid. Basically. Lay out ', 'you that it was season six it was 2007. MRI on American Idol . And it was the hair it was the teens across the country going crazy. Everybody knew your name it was like a ', 'some. Do you write any of the secrets of being an American Idol star in their I rides on mom and I paid. Basically. Lay out wet. -- day. Make what is to be contestant ']