["shots. in the semifinals.  Romeo  and Chelsea. And I was is will be tried. And  Romeo  and Chelsea hightower join Good to have full opt out  Romeo . Is a little bit casual Ability USC played college  basketball  and I'm really used to ", "music always with the right of the school. Ability USC played college basketball and I'm really used to tough criticism and I think that. The judges actually mainly betting on Iraq on me when I'm ", "Apparently dancing can be dangerous and CNN. Yet as big grant. The dance floor reminded  Romeo  of a  basketball  court he's played on USC's  basketball  team which of regulars was trying to. Don't go all. We also checked out the celebrities ", "Yet as big grant. -- -- -- -- The dance floor reminded Romeo of a basketball court he's played on USC's basketball team which of regulars was trying to. Don't go -- all. We also checked out the celebrities Twitter accounts. Wendi Williams tweeted ", 'Jake can move. But not like this dude. Take a look,  romeo  elvis is his name. He takes on his dragon toy. Wait a little tribute to ginger we mig say and involved a little  hip - hop  music and the recut some o her reporting in the middle ', 'internet. Jake can move. But not like this dude. Take a look, romeo elvis is his name. He takes on his dragon toy. Wait a second. Wait a second. Violent child. His father actually made ', "people but that's an I can I got two left. and I'm not that girl I'd love to dance other stars include rapper little  Romeo  old grown up now Disney star Chelsea king and this is WW He wrestler Chris Jericho journalists in great shape you know really ", "I'd love to dance -- -- -- other stars include rapper little Romeo old grown up now Disney star Chelsea king and this is WW He wrestler Chris Jericho journalists in great shape you know ", 'Norman this little bit anger is felt of shaking. I think  Romeo  has been a rap star since eleventh this was his first hit is a tricky balancing act. This is Tootsie Roll by the  hip hop  69 bullets to a let me put him. Doctor Levin might Heather ', '-- anger is felt -- -- -- of shaking. I think -- Romeo has been a rap star since eleventh this was his first hit single might they be if He maintained a regular school ', "Charles Manson's drug family slaughtered  actor  Sharon Tate and others in California There's also object at 72 he's the resident  Romeo  who can't quite get Kathleen attention only one there's Helen Mirren taking her  hip hop  and talented girls. And Cloris Leachman ", "country just a few months after Charles Manson's drug -- family slaughtered actor Sharon Tate and others in California. And just as Manson's family wrote helter skelter and pagan their victims' blood pig was written "]