['The 21-year-old star of the MTV reality series was found dead in his truck with two others.', 'reveals the moment budding star  shain gandee  was found dead in his suv bombshell decision to cancel " buckwild ." They were found dead in  shain \'s truck, tsuv partially Viewers are taking to " buckwild "\'s facebook page some supporting ', 'they\'re dead. Reporter: This frantic 911 calls reveals the moment budding star shain gandee was found dead in his suv, the victim of accidental carbon monoxide poisoning. Now a week later mtv is making the bombshell decision to cancel " buckwild ." They were found dead in shain\'s truck, tsuv partially submerged in mud and the muffler completely covered possibly causing the poisoning. The men were mudding, driving into mud and trying to get out. A passion of shain\'s on the show. Like a stress reliever. Reporter: Nicknamed beggandee candy, it focuses on nine teens in west virginia and they\'re deeply divided over the news it will not be back. Viewers are taking to " buckwild "\'s facebook page some supporting it saying "it was a good and right call. It won\'t be the same." Others are outraged saying "i don\'t think shain would want his unfortunate passing to take away from his friends." I think they acted responsibly on behalf of their shareholders. When it poses great risk with modest reward, that\'s a bad business to be in. Reporter: Mtv explained their decision explaining "given shain\'s tragic passing we felt it was not appropriate to coue without him." And now one of the show\'s producers is firing back. ', 'West Virginia police found the body  Shain Gandee , 21, in his SUV after he left a bar to go four-wheeling.', 'tragic death of  shain gandee , star of reality show " buckwild ." Carbon latest from  sissonville , west virginia know that  shain gandee  was doing funeral.  Shain gandee  was the breakout nicknamed  gandee candy  found ways ', 'The latest on the tragic death of shain gandee , star of the mtv reality show " buckwild ." Carbon monoxide poisoning now confirmed as the causef death for gandee and the two men found with him. Abc\'s david kerley has the latest from sissonville , west virginia. David, good morning. Reporter: We know that shain gandee was doing what he loved in the early morning hours. What we don\'t know was he doing it just for fun or were mtv cameras rolling? This morning this small west virginia town is planning a funeral. Shain gandee was the breakout star of the mtv reality show " buckwild ." The fun-loving 21-year-old nicknamed gandee candy found ways in his rural hometown to have a good time including something known as mudding. Mudding is like a stress reliever. ']