['especially if snowden is released under their watch. Edward snowden is seen by some as a hero. But last night, the house defeated legislation that would have blocked the  national security  agency from collecting phone records of americans.', 'But last night, the house defeated legislation that would have blocked the national security agency from collecting phone records of americans. ', 'nominee to be the No. 2 official at the Department of  Homeland Security . White House counsel Kathryn Ruemmler says in a letter Sen. Thomas Carper, D-Del., chairman of the Senate  Homeland Security  and Government Affairs Committee. The letter was obtained ', "at the U.S. Department of  Homeland Security  (DHS). This is an even bigger deal than usual, because  Homeland Security  Secretary Janet Napolitano Associated Press reported that the  Homeland Security  Inspector General's Office ", 'Congress is advancing sanctions against Russia or any other country offering asylum to  National Security  Agency leaker Edward Snowden. The measure introduced by Republican Sen. Lindsey Graham of South Carolina demands the State Department ', 'for a key  national security  post is set Department of  Homeland Security , Alejandro including  Homeland Security  Secretary politics of  national security  under a Democratic Department of  Homeland Security  official ', "to be the No. 2 official at the  Homeland Security  Department faces tough questions confirmation hearing before the Senate  Homeland Security  and Government Affairs Committee Associated Press first reported that  Homeland Security  Inspector General's Office was ", "Opponents of the  National Security  Agency's collection of hundreds of millions of Americans acknowledged the difficulty in balancing civil liberties against  national security , but they also expressed suspicion about the Obama administration's ", 'Will Cantine and J.P. Lawrence  NATIONAL SECURITY  AGENCY Bloomberg\'s Timothy R amendment that would have limited the  National Security  Agency\'s ability to collect communications collection " The Obama administration and  National Security  Agency narrowly averted an embarrassing ', 'President Obama\'s pick for a key  national security  post is set to be grilled on No. 2 at the Department of  Homeland Security , Alejandro Mayorkas, is expected said the EB-5 program raises  national security  concerns. "We need to be sure ', 'The 217-205 roll call Wednesday by which the House rejected a challenge to the  National Security  Agency\'s secret collection of hundreds of millions of Americans\' phone records. A "yes" vote was a vote to halt the NSA program ', "detentions and the risks of recidivism of detainees. At a press conference in April, and again during a major speech on  national - security  policy in May, President Obama renewed his calls to close Guantanamo's prison - a promise he made during his 2008 run ", "he is increasingly concerned about what he views as a government out of control, citing the FBI's use of drones, the  National Security  Agency's collection of hundreds of millions of Americans' phone records and the Internal Revenue Service's scrutiny ", 'especially if snowden is released under their watch. Edward snowden is seen by some as a hero. But last night, the house defeated legislation that would have blocked the  national security  agency from collecting phone records of americans.', 'But last night, the house defeated legislation that would have blocked the national security agency from collecting phone records of americans. ', "The bar that has to be reached is very hard. And it taking a look back at the NAACP. Convention is going on right now  Homeland Security  secretary. Kathleen Sebelius was at the podium there and as we we're just waiting. For the attorney general to make ", "a look back at the NAACP. Convention is going on right now Homeland Security secretary. Kathleen Sebelius was at the podium there and as we -- we're just waiting. For the attorney general to make his ", "and can upgrade after a year. Microsoft wants attorney general Eric holder's permission to share. what has handled  national security  requests for customer data it's part of the company's response to the Edwards case. And you can now view from the ", "wants attorney general Eric holder's permission to share. -- what has handled national security requests for customer data it's part of the company's response to the Edwards -- case. And you can now -- view from ", "the east coast cities. Reporter: That's right. U.S. Officials are taking no chances. Last night, the fbi and  homeland security  put out a bulletin, urging billions. They are saying even though they identified no specific threat, they're concerned ", "right. U.S. Officials are taking no chances. Last night, the fbi and homeland security put out a bulletin, urging billions. They are saying even though they identified no specific threat, they're concerned about self-radicalized lone wolves ", "were rounding up members of muslim brotherhood. President morsi is under arrest, as are key cabinet members, like his  national security  minister. He voiced the frustration of the people, not in the mood of reconciliation. I'm wanting to bring democracy ", "President morsi is under arrest, as are key cabinet members, like his national security minister. He voiced the frustration of the people, not in the mood of reconciliation. I'm wanting to bring democracy to this country. ", "dueling protests. But is this of people still. Or one strong armed by the military tonight President Obama met with his  national security  team as a key American ally stands on the brink of civil war. ABC's out Smart port is covering the crisis in Egypt Alex ", "one strong armed by the military tonight President Obama met with his national security team as a key American ally stands on the brink of civil war. ABC's out Smart port is covering the crisis in ", "Cairo in dueling protests. But is this people or one strong armed by the military. Tonight President Obama met with his  national security  team as a key American ally stands on the brink of civil war. ABC's Smart port is covering the crisis in Egypt Alex ", "one strong armed by the military. Tonight President Obama met with his national security team as a key American ally stands on the brink of civil war. ABC's -- Smart port is covering the crisis in "]