['Dutch Ruppersberger, D-Md. "This amendment will not stop the proper use of the Patriot Act and ( Foreign Intelligence Surveillance  Act) authorities to conduct terrorism and intelligence investigations. I\'d never block that. All ', 'heard." Amash said his measure would allow the NSA to collect data and records, but only if the  Foreign Intelligence Surveillance  Court said in a statement that the collection of data pertains to an individual under investigation ', 'to the government each day in its search for foreign terror or espionage suspects. The longstanding  Foreign Intelligence Surveillance  Court order must be renewed every three months. It had been set to expire Friday. National Intelligence ', "Department of President George W. Bush. He is best known for resisting that administration's demands for  warrantless wiretapping . The chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee, Democratic Sen. Patrick Leahy of Vermont, praised Comey ", "help the public learn more about the government's efforts to obtain data from Internet users. The  Foreign Intelligence Surveillance  Court, which reviews government requests to spy on individuals, ruled that information should be ", "public learn more about the government's efforts to obtain data from Internet users. The U.S.  Foreign Intelligence Surveillance  Court reviews government requests to spy on individuals. It ruled Monday that information should be ", 'the evidence obtained through the  Foreign Intelligence Surveillance  Act, or  FISA , his legal rights would be violated considered a constitutional challenge to  FISA  has upheld the statute. "In  FISA  Congress has made a thoroughly reasonable ', "Royce Lamberth was chief judge of the  Foreign Intelligence Surveillance  Court from 1995 to 2002. Among other government, as well other judges now on the  FISA  court. Lamberth steps down Tuesday District of Columbia, which houses the  FISA  court. He'll remain as a senior ", 'stand against  warrantless wiretapping  in 2004 collection,  FISA -court transparency stand against  warrantless wiretapping : his approval approval for  warrantless wiretapping . In 2007 declassified,  FISA  court opinions ', 'the surveillance recently revealed by former NSA contractor Edward Snowden-was made by the secret  Foreign Intelligence Surveillance  Court, a group of judges responsible for making decisions about government surveillance in national-security ', "because it gives the impression that federal courts have approved this, when in reality, it's the  Foreign Intelligence Surveillance  Court, which has rubber-stamped every single-- STEPHANOPOULOS: Which is a federal court. RADACK ", 'most secret bench in the U.S., the  Foreign Intelligence Surveillance  Court, which convenes in Washington an eavesdrop-proof chamber. The  FISA  court every 90 days renewed authority contractor at the NSA and swiped a secret  FISA  court order directed at Verizon Business ', 'want to set up a  warrantless wiretapping  program. Now construct this  warrantless wiretapping . Program not would allowed  warrantless wiretaps  under the to wireless tapping  warrantless wiretapping . Stick with ', "up to the Bush Administration officials who want to set up a warrantless wiretapping program. Now the White House is hoping -- history working with Democrats and Republicans only a quick confirmation. We're joined now from ", "-- on a secret order that would allow them to construct this warrantless wiretapping . Program not through the auspices of the National Security Agency which of course has been in the news recently. Rick let's let's ", "a successor. So Rick how those -- stand against a wireless tapping warrantless wiretapping . Stick with the president's support of that surveillance state has he changed his position. It's all about the warrant because what's different ", 'because we have a public debate in the congress the United States about surveillance about the  Foreign Intelligence Surveillance  Act. That Americans. Are going to die and And did Americans die well as a debate they well ', 'public debate in the congress the United States about surveillance about the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act. That Americans. Are going to die -- -- and -- And did Americans die well as a -- debate they well ', "lot of controversy. The  warrantless wiretapping  program. And also the increase applications to the  foreign intelligence surveillance  court. Which would suggest that the  warrantless wiretaps  weren't used. I cannot ", "have learned that there was actually an increase -- applications to the foreign intelligence surveillance court. Which would suggest that the warrantless wiretaps weren't used. I cannot and -- Barbara -- for programs -- specific issues but I have to say again and again -- ", 'capabilities, this is the business record,  fisa , sometimes called section 215, and the reauthorization of the 2008 amendments to  fisa . Through four years of oversight, the it, the scope that the business record  fisa  can deal with it those that are just over ', 'then were to give us the capabilities, this is the business record, fisa , sometimes called section 215, and the faa 702, two capabilities that help us connect the dots. The reason I bring that up ', 'on intelligence in 2012. In suppothe reauthorization of the 2008 amendments to fisa . Through four years of oversight, the committee has not identified a single case in sch a government official engamed in willful effort ', 'ten. When you look at it, the scope that the business record fisa can deal with it those that are just over ten. And in those, I think it contributed in the majority of cases. ', 'proper sequence in needs to be done in a step by step manner. addressing. Border security in one bill another dealing with  FISA  modernization. Bringing our immigration code. Into the 21 century once those things are in place the border secured we have ', 'manner. -- addressing. Border security in one bill another -- dealing with FISA modernization. Bringing our immigration code. Into the 21 century once those things are in place the border secured we have a functioning ', 'strong critic. Of the  warrantless wiretapping . Program. Does this evidence that the to  warrantless wiretapping  program was used here do anything on the  Foreign Intelligence Surveillance  Act. Everything that ', "the intelligence committee do you have any evidence that the -- to warrantless wiretapping program was used here. Well I certainly wouldn't be -- public talk about -- and I've seen absolutely nothing. To indicate that there's any need that to do anything -- on the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act. Everything that we want to do we can do within the act senator Feinstein and -- of California. We're on both ", 'to do. And protecting you. Is to close intelligence gaps. We have such an intelligence gap. Any  Foreign Intelligence Surveillance  Act. that needs to be modernized. So that all of this case it. People say we have the tools we need ', 'Is to close intelligence gaps. We have such an intelligence gap. Any Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act. -- that needs to be modernized. So that all of this case -- it. People say we have the tools we ']