['California has confirmed the first new case of mad cow disease, but the animal was not bound for the nation\'s food supply so posed no danger, the Agriculture Department said Tuesday.John Clifford, the department\'s chief veterinary officer, said the cow from central California did not enter the human food chain and that U.S. meat and dairy supplies are safe. It\'s the fourth such cow discovered in the United States since the government began inspecting for the disease to keep the food supply safe."There is really no cause for alarm here with regard to this animal," Clifford told reporters at a hastily convened press conference.Clifford did not say when the disease was discovered or exactly where the cow was raised. He said the cow was at a rendering plant in Central California when the case was discovered through regular USDA sample testing.Mad cow disease, or bovine spongiform encephalopathy (BSE), can be fatal to humans who eat tainted beef. The World Health Organization has said that ...', 'British scientists have made a prototype of the most accurate blood test yet for the human form of mad cow disease, and say their work could transform diagnosis and ...', 'The first case of U.S. mad cow disease in six years has been discovered in a dairy cow in central California, though regulators say U.S. trade should not be impacted...', 'A second case of mad cow disease may have turned up in the United States but meat from the suspect animal has not entered the food chain, Agriculture Department ( se...', 'Federal officials said Thursday they were testing a 6-year-old dairy cow in British Columbia for mad cow disease .The Canadian Food Inspection Agency was trying to c...', "A 6-year-old cow from an Alberta farm has tested positive for mad cow disease, officials said Monday.Dr. Brian Evans , Canada's chief veterinary officer, said the af...", "For California meat exporter James Geller, it's just business as usual one day after the first case of mad cow disease in six years was confirmed in the United State...", 'The announcement that mad cow disease was found in a California cow drew a rapid response this week from the beleaguered American beef industry, which has been endur...', 'Two major South Korean retailers pulled U.S. beef from their stores Wednesday following the discovery of mad cow disease in a U.S. dairy cow. Reaction elsewhere in A...', "With the nation experiencing its first case of mad cow disease ( search ) , the grocery store's meat aisle has become a place where consumers worry about more than t...", "Japan's food safety panel on Friday recommended waiving mad cow disease ( search ) tests for cattle younger than 21 months, a step that could lead to the resumption ...", 'The first new case of mad cow disease in the U.S. since 2006 has been discovered in a dairy cow in California, but health authorities said Tuesday the animal never w...', 'The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) is searching for possible offspring of a California dairy cow that contracted mad cow disease, saying these animals also co...', 'A New Zealand pro-marijuana group says it has scientific evidence that cannabis can stop the development of mad cow disease.It was not clear whether the findings app...', 'Two farms were under quarantine Thursday as officials continued to investigate a case of mad cow disease discovered in California last week, the US Department of Agr...', 'Public health officials in Massachusetts are investigating whether a patient in a Cape Cod hospital has the human form of mad cow disease.Dr. Alfred DeMaria, the sta...']