['Some people see Hitler when they look at this teapot from JCPenney. The company says that any resemblance was unintentional. ', 'The Hitler-like teapot on a JCPenney billboard caught the attention of motorists', 'Editor\'s note: Each week in "Apparently This Matters," CNN\'s Jarrett Bellini applies his warped sensibilities to trending topics in social media and random items of interest on the Web.', "So, JCPenney is selling a new teapot that looks sort of like Adolf Hitler. Well, inasmuch as a teapot can actually appear like a fascist dictator. But it does. And, really, it might be the greatest advertising gaffe you'll ever see.", '"Apparently This Matters" Is Jarrett Bellini\'s weekly (and somewhat random) look at social-media trends.', "Back to the teapot: It didn't take long for motorists on Southern California's 405 freeway -- where evening plans go to die -- to notice something in the sky that looked a little unusual. It was a billboard promoting this new kitchen essential. And there was no mistaking its resemblance.", "Now, in case you can't quite figure out the similarities in the teapot image, notice that the top handle swoops wider to one side mimicking Hitler's dark, curtained hair. The knob on the lid closely resembles his infamous trademark toothbrush moustache. And the spout rises into the air as though he's giving a Nazi salute.", "However, at this time I can't confirm whether or not the Hitler teapot is designed with only one testicle. Clearly, that little attention to detail would prove this was far more than a simple coincidence.", "Regardless, I'm still willing to give JCPenney the benefit of the doubt that this was all just an accident. (The retailer didn't respond to our request for comment.)", "Though, to be fair, as a spectator of life with a front row seat, I do enjoy the controversy. For if you're going to accidentally have your product resemble a famous person, somehow, by a strange law of comedy that can't be explained, the absolute worst human being in the history of the world is far more amusing than, say, Tom Hanks.", "Now, understand that this particular teapot, from JCPenney's exclusive Michael Graves Design collection, quickly went viral after images of the billboard appeared on Reddit and Twitter.", 'Culver City\'s Democratic mayor, Jeffrey Cooper, complained to Mother Jones magazine: "I am disappointed JCPenney actually put that billboard up in the first place. ... As a Jew, I am offended, (and) as an elected official, I am mad that the city I represent is linked to this."', 'Presumably, he then breathed heavily into a paper bag for half an hour while listening to Enya.', '"Yep. Definitely looks like Hitler. Surprised they didn\'t see it, but I\'m pretty sure there was no intention to offend anyone. My guess is they\'ll take down the billboard and apologize."', 'Which is exactly what JCPenney did. They took down the billboard and even had some fun on Twitter replying to comments.', "Naturally, sales skyrocketed after the photos went viral. The $40 teapot is now back-ordered on JCPenney's site until late June, and some of the teapots even started listing on eBay for $200. Sadly, I have to admit that now I kind of want one for my house as a conversation piece.", "Not surprisingly, the sales boom started when it all became one big social media circus. Which is why you sort of have to applaud the seemingly levelheaded responses by JCPenney, which never equaled the drama of Cooper's outrage culture hysteria.", 'Even the Anti-Defamation League took it in stride, commenting to Mother Jones that "JCPenney did the right thing by responding to public concerns and removing the tea pot from their product line. We take JCPenney at their word that any resemblance to the Nazi dictator was completely unintended."', "In the end, it's just a minor blip in the cosmos. But, from a social perspective, what's truly interesting is that Hitler -- at least as an iconic image -- doesn't seem to have the same meaning to a newer generation which is further removed from his horrors and unthinkable crimes. Kind of like Genghis Khan to anyone during the last 700 years.", 'These days, to many, Hitler has become just sort of a caricature, having transcended his evil reality into something far more abstract. Like a teapot.', 'And this explains why we nonchalantly have the website Cats That Look Like Hitler.', 'Which, clearly, by the laws of comedy, is way more fun than dogs that look like Tom Hanks.', "At home I drink from the tap. Not so much because I particularly love the taste, but because the automatic water dispenser on my fridge doesn't work.", "Children of the '80s and '90s fondly remember a time when MTV actually played music videos. ", "I've always found amusement parks very unamusing, for it's hard to justify standing in a hot, 40-minute roller-coaster line so I can promptly lose my car keys and barf up a churro. ", 'One day, a rather inconsiderate caveman turned to his cavewoman and said, "You know, Diane, you should really think about shaving your legs."', 'George Carlin once said, "I don\'t automatically wash my hands every time I go to the bathroom. You know when I wash my hands? When I s**t on them." ', "A lot of people don't know this, but for every 30 minutes of legitimate work, all employees must be allowed one full hour of Internet cat videos.", "I've been camping countless times in the forest -- as one does -- and without fail, there's always plenty of wood just lying around.", 'There\'s a great song by Todd Snider called "The Ballad of The Kingsmen." In it, he sings, "Marilyn Manson gets a lot of chicks. They\'re weird chicks. But they\'re chicks."', "In my bedroom there's an amazing wall-mounted hideaway ironing board. It even has an affixed light and timed electrical outlet for safety. The thing is absolutely brilliant.", '"Wow! I totally just watched the awesome cell phone video you shot at that concert!"', 'Abraham Lincoln once said, "In life, what counts is the size of a man\'s heart, not the size of his disproportionate willie."', 'Sometimes pet tortoises vanish for 30 years and end up in a box of records. Still alive. Or they live with San Francisco 49ers quarterbacks.']