["SNL  Funnyman Bobby Moynihan Reveals What It's Really Like To Work With Lorne Michaels", "us laugh hard each week on  Saturday Night Live  as the drunk uncle governor compliment about that's another  SNL . Again that includes. Seen obviously a fifth season on  SNL  yes yes very exciting people heard sort of behind the scenes  SNL  Carlisle it's it's not ", "coming out grownups too and then in July compliment about that's another SNL . Again that includes. Seen in in grownups too where. Kevin James character goes to a cheerleader car wash. There's a bunch Victoria's Secret models but they're busy so they get us and that's pretty. -- -- pretty good cannot govern I -- Much of the guys from S and around me Tarrant -- Paul Brittan has much people there's just like coming home yet. Right. On reading -- now obviously a fifth season on SNL yes yes very exciting people what do you these characters I'm sure -- what you write all of your character there have ", "get your stepson -- mean we've heard sort of behind the scenes SNL -- Carlisle it's it's not. Competitively cutthroat competitive it competitive -- stabilizers and I there's not a lot of time in an ", "Andy Samberg on New Flick With Rashida Jones 'Celeste and Jesse Forever', 'Saturday Night Live' Exit", 'with us. We know him from " saturday night live ." But he\'s getting a little you\'re not getting ready for " saturday night live " in seven years. How does kind of -- do standup or " snl " and I got lucky. Want to ', 'I\'m a night person. It was kind of -- do standup or " snl " and I got lucky. Want to do a round of co-star k keyword. Justin timberlake. Wait. That\'s going so fast. He\'s breaking ', 'Want to address some -- with the new -- the season of " saturday night live " now done, there are cast members moving on. Your name I mean, bill aand bill are leaving. You never leave " snl ." It\'s like the mob. You know, it never leaves you ', 'Want to address some -- with the new -- the season of " saturday night live " now done, there are cast members moving on. Your name has floated out there. Can you tell us about your future. Yeah, I mean, bill aand bill are leaving. You never leave " snl ." It\'s like the mob. You know, it never leaves you. You never leave it and we\'ve got a great godfather in lorne ', "This is a walk-in. And it's still legend at  saturday night live , kevin spacey, doing chris watt kin, auditioning very funny. A few months after I had done that  saturday night live  sketch, I ran into christopher walken at a party ", "day, another $50,000. This is a walk-in. And it's still legend at saturday night live , kevin spacey, doing chris watt kin, auditioning to be han, solo. He tells me your looking for ald ron system. It was very funny. A few months after I had done that saturday night live sketch, I ran into christopher walken at a party. I didn't know him all that well. And he walked up to me ", 'first time ever on "gma." You don\'t have to sing if you don\'t want to. Maybe later. We all know her for " saturday night live " and "bridesmaids." Now back in "girl most likely." A writer forced to move back home but her eccentric ', 'if you don\'t want to. Maybe later. We all know her for " saturday night live " and "bridesmaids." Now back in "girl most likely." A writer forced to move back home but her eccentric mom played by annette ', 'drones which earned top and drama series were supporting actor Peter Dick lynch an actress Emilia Clarke. Both  Saturday Night Live  and Liberace biopic the candelabra urged fifteen nominations with two leading Matt Damon and Michael Douglas both ', 'series were supporting actor Peter Dick lynch an actress Emilia Clarke. Both Saturday Night Live and Liberace biopic the -- candelabra urged fifteen nominations with -- -- two leading -- Matt Damon and Michael Douglas both competing ', 'remember the oscar speech. He had a do-over on " saturday night live ." Take a look. I want to tell you how I wish forgetting to mention her at all. Hen he asked her on " saturday night live ," how would you have said it? She said, I would ', 'ben affleck. We remember the oscar speech. He had a do-over on " saturday night live ." Take a look. I want to tell you how I wish I had ended that speech. Okay? I couldn\'t do any of ', 'than forgetting to mention her at all. Hen he asked her on " saturday night live ," how would you have said it? She said, I would have said my wife is a gift. That\'s the way to go ', 'Reporter: The health department closed the place down in may. Drawing so much national media attention, that even " saturday night live " chimed in. It has to be tricky to walk up to a cop and complain something smells like bacon. Reporter: Not ', 'place down in may. Drawing so much national media attention, that even " saturday night live " chimed in. It has to be tricky to walk up to a cop and complain something smells like bacon. Reporter: Not since ', 'in our hurricane. He was Haiti six years old. And finally  SNL  Sarah Palin rap. The Republican vice presidential candidate sense of humor over the weekend Palin laughed to herself on  Saturday Night Live  has cast member Amy Poehler. Rapped about the Alaska governor ', 'trapped in our hurricane. He was Haiti six years old. And finally SNL Sarah Palin rap. The Republican vice presidential candidate showed she had a sense of humor over the weekend Palin laughed to herself on Saturday Night Live has cast member Amy Poehler. Rapped about the Alaska governor. ', 'memorable. For the rest, there\'s " saturday night live ." Let me just sum up. On track. Stay guy. Reporter: Over the years, the " snl " parodies have been more memorable sometimes When he debated obama, and so did " snl \'s" campaign. The parodies aren\'t ', 'just don\'t need late-night comedians to be memorable. For the rest, there\'s " saturday night live ." Let me just sum up. On track. Stay the course. 1,000 points of light. Governor dukakis rebuttal. I can\'t believe I\'m losing to this guy. Reporter: Over the years, the " snl " parodies have been more memorable sometimes than the debates themselves. Can I call you joe? Of course. Okay, because I cpracticed a ', 'McCAIN WANDERED AROUND THE STAGE When he debated obama, and so did " snl\'s " campaign. The parodies aren\'t just funny. They can matter. That\'s what makes it so powerful. Reporter: After all, how can the real ', "ad by Delaware Republican senate candidate Christine O'Donnell. of course become fodder for the folks over at  Saturday Night Live . which is why wouldn't I just cast a spell making all of you forget that I'm a winch. It's certainly not ", "Christine O'Donnell. -- of course become fodder for the folks over at Saturday Night Live . -- -- which is why wouldn't I just cast a spell making all of you forget that I'm a winch. It's certainly ", "dramatic portrayal of the family of all the family members dressed to the nines. Looking straight into the camera.  Saturday night live 's spoof the Christmas card. And you can say they lighten things up a take a look at S and portrayal of Khloe ", "the family members dressed to the nines. Looking straight into the camera. Saturday night live's spoof the Christmas card. And you can say they lighten things up a -- take a look at S and -- portrayal ", 'Breaking bad star Bryan Cranston took his first turn hosting  Saturday Night Live  this week. The Emmy award showed off his mark humorous side Okay. You know my.', 'Breaking bad star Bryan Cranston took his first turn hosting Saturday Night Live this week. The Emmy award -- showed off his mark humorous side -- Okay. You ', "After taking jabs from  Saturday Night Live  last season New York governor David Paterson fired blind. Working in Albany is just like watching  Saturday Night Live . There are a lot of characters. It's funny the ", 'After taking jabs from Saturday Night Live last season New York governor David Paterson fired back in a surprise appearance on the comedy -- take a look. Stop us. ', "year ago are you blind. Working in Albany is just like watching Saturday Night Live . There are a lot of characters. It's funny the ten minutes and then he just wanted to be over. True your other ", 'Saturday Night Live  made its season debut over the weekend with a new face Lang President Obama. Fred Armisen has mr. Obama since 2008 but he headed ', 'Saturday Night Live made its season debut over the weekend with a new face Lang President Obama. Fred Armisen has -- mr. Obama since 2008 ', "Baldwin is an American treasury. made a surprise visit to  Saturday Night Live  last night his first public appearance since being removed And who could forget Paris Hilton's 2005 appearance on  SNL  just a week after her sex tape was released. they're actually ", "sites and business. And who could forget Paris Hilton's 2005 appearance on SNL just a week after her sex tape was released. -- -- they're actually -- -- the Paris Hilton. Is it hard to ", "diary revelation adopted a dog. Is sparking all sorts of controversies so it shouldn't come as a surprise that  Saturday Night Live  featured Casey's dogs in one this weekend. Host an Iraq that appeared and we can update us Casey's newly adopted ", "all sorts of controversies so it shouldn't come as a surprise that Saturday Night Live featured Casey's dogs in one -- -- -- this weekend. Host an Iraq that appeared and we can update us Casey's newly ", 'Looks like Katy Perry had a good time hosting  Saturday Night Live  this past weekend the singer was featured in several sketches including one where she portrayed Middleton. In Middleton is getting ', 'Looks like Katy Perry had a -- good time hosting Saturday Night Live this past weekend the singer was featured in several sketches including one where she portrayed Middleton. In -- -- Middleton is getting ']