['Zach Braff  has been nominated for three doctor John on the hit sitcom  scrubs  now after eight years the sacred heart hospital. It  Zach Braff  Zach welcome how. Very nice a clip of the show this is  scrubs  Courtney Cox the big guest ', "Zach Braff has been nominated for three Golden Globes and an Emmy for his role as doctor John -- on the hit sitcom scrubs now after eight years the quirky medical Joseph is getting. You know life on ABC. Can't talk about all the off beat things happening is sacred heart hospital. It Zach Braff Zach welcome -- how. Very nice guy hey nice -- I'd always wanted to do that thank you we did very well ", 'day ten we saw this dr. Bill mason, my hero who thank god he\'s okay. A lot will be helped about that show.  Sarah chalke , thanks so much. "How to live with your parents for the rest of your life" tonight at 9:30, 8:30 central ', 'thank god he\'s okay. A lot will be helped about that show. Sarah chalke , thanks so much. "How to live with your parents for the rest of your life" tonight at 9:30, 8:30 central. ', 'shows like "seinfe "SEINFELD," "3rd ROCK" AND " Scrubs ." Please welcome christen john ston, wayne knight, and  donald faison . Hi, donald. Hi. Good to see you. I snuck away ', 'Starring in tv shows like "seinfe "SEINFELD," "3rd ROCK" AND " Scrubs ." Please welcome christen john ston, wayne knight, and donald faison . Hi, donald. Hi. Good to see you. I snuck away. Congratulations. Well done. You had no idea, did you? I wanted her ', "role. And more recently we've seen you on the hit show  scrubs  some of the like being a part of that down. that shows continued success. And now I. I ask you get mistaken for  Zach Braff  his cabinet He looks like you to be Brothers. Accusing ", "role. And -- more recently we've seen you on the hit show scrubs some of the like being a part of that down. -- that shows unbelievable I think right now -- and they're there. 37 season and around. -- -- -- -- -- They're not only great crew and a great cast but an unbelievably humble and count them grounded grounded people which as you know they don't always going into and that. In the film and television -- they're just there is great they're great people we were some continued success. And now I. I ask you get mistaken for Zach Braff his cabinet He looks like you to be Brothers. Accusing you say that we actually play them on TV that's. I would ", "wonderful film that surprise most people's. Well you and  Judy Reyes  she pleasure wife let people know her from  scrubs  both from the Bronx yes the movie takes place in the Bronx ", "just it's a wonderful film that surprise most people's. Well you and Judy Reyes she pleasure wife let people know her from scrubs -- both from the Bronx yes the movie takes place in the Bronx. It seems like a home field advantage. For nailing "]