['Series Glenn Close, "Damages" Sally Field, "Brothers & Sisters" Mariska Hargitay, "Law & Order: SVU"  Holly Hunter , " Saving Grace " Kyra Sedgwick, "The Closer" Elisabeth Moss, "Mad Men" Lead Actor in a Comedy Series Alec Baldwin ', 'memorable leading parts decline for actresses in films. There\'s Glenn Close on FX drama "Damages,"  Holly Hunter  in TNT\'s " Saving Grace ," Sally Field at the center of ABC family drama "Brothers & Sisters" and Mary-Louise Parker on Showtime\'s ', 'satellite interview with Academy Award winner  Holly Hunter  about her new TNT show, " Saving Grace ." During these types of interviews, hosts that," Miller said. "I give credit to  Holly Hunter . She was a pro, a class act. She saved ', 'httpswww.communicationsmgr.com/PCS/PublicGUI/QuestionsCustom.aspx?Public_PID=1034&Level=Project&LevelNumber=1034', "hit project Academy Award winner  Holly Hunter  television debut last summer with  saving .  Grace  the show a tough and gritty detective heaven is helping with the show's  saving grace  is already. Cable TV's number ", 'is here to talk about her newest hit project Academy Award winner Holly Hunter -- -- television debut last summer with saving . Grace the show -- a tough and gritty detective named grace who get some help from a very unconventional. Angel named Earl. Cool. ', 'but today to talk about a new project on the small screen about the talented Connor and her new TV drama series help  saving grace . thanks so much for joining us. thank you. Okay lab assess the tell us watch agreed to this character that you play ', 'about the talented -- Connor and her new TV drama series help saving grace . -- thanks so much for joining us. -- thank you. Okay -- lab assess the tell us watch agreed to this character ', "Internet sensation. I interviewed  Holly Hunter . For my first interview I ever And you can catch more holly on  saving grace  it's premiere Monday June 23 the Internet as a big star like  Holly Hunter  oriented entertainment reporter ", "name is -- Miller. And -- become an Internet sensation. I interviewed Holly Hunter . For my first interview I ever did in my career doesn't act of what the -- -- aren't Academy Award winning actress ", "of videos on YouTube gets. And you can catch more holly on saving grace it's -- premiere Monday June 23. At 10 PM eastern on in -- when it kicked and semi high huge system gotten my sister -- that you're on best week ever. What happens when you makes the technology of the Internet as a big star like Holly Hunter -- oriented entertainment reporter. You got a big fat mess that's watching. Wow I mean like. -- why do you stated that ", "Internet sensation. I interviewed  Holly Hunter . For my first interview I ever And you can catch more holly on  saving grace  it's premiere Monday June 23 the Internet as a big star like  Holly Hunter  oriented entertainment reporter ", "name is nearing Miller and -- become an Internet sensation. I interviewed Holly Hunter . For my first interview I ever did in my career doesn't act of what the -- -- aren't Academy Award winning actress ", "on YouTube. You -- gets. And you can catch more holly on saving grace it's -- premiere Monday June 23. At 10 PM eastern on TNT here's -- it kicked and semi high huge system got my sister -- that you're on best week of. What happens when you makes the technology of the Internet as a big star like Holly Hunter -- oriented entertainment reporter. You got a big fat mess that's -- Wow I mean like. -- why do you stated that ", 'Close damages. Sally Field Brothers and sisters. Mariska Hargitay tape law and order special victims unit.  Holly Hunter saving grace . And Sedgwick the closer. Then nominees for lead actor and drama series. Gabriel Byrne in treatment. Bryan ', 'Brothers and sisters. Mariska Hargitay tape law and order special victims unit. Holly Hunter saving grace And -- Sedgwick the closer. Then nominees for lead actor and drama series. Gabriel Byrne in treatment. Bryan Cranston breaking bad. Michael ', 'honor in her new TV drama series  saving grace . thanks so much for joining us you can catch mark calling on  saving grace  is gonna premiere Monday June however. It will give credit to  Holly Hunter  she was a for a news she is a ', 'very heart of -- -- body however. It will give credit to Holly Hunter she was a for a news she is a class -- -- -- the interview. You wake up the day after a ', "at it's in your view. I'm  Holly Hunter  and unfortunate me the interview Connor and her new TV drama series  saving grace . Holly thanks so much for joining And you can catch more holly on  saving grace  it's gonna premiere Monday June ", "Miller an opportunity. Few people look at it's in your view. I'm Holly Hunter and unfortunate me the interview went a little. A ride Sally -- there. You may -- -- -- Academy Award winning. Actress but today to -- talked about a new project on the small screen we're time about the talented holly Connor and her new TV drama series -- saving grace . Holly thanks so much for joining us -- thank you. RA holly thanks -- giants. Okay -- lab dish out so tell "]