['plug on " Buckwild " a little its stars,  Shain Gandee  . "We love two of " Buckwild ." Gandee his uncle,  David Gandee , 48, and friend  Donald Robert Myers , 27, were MORE: \' Buckwild \' Star  Shain Gandee \'s Death ', 'AP Photo  Shain Gandee  , the fun-loving MTV\'s " Buckwild ," was remembered MORE: \' Buckwild \' Star  Shain Gandee \'s Death his uncle,  David Gandee , 48, and friend  Donald Robert Myers , 27, were featuring the " Gandee Candy " logo ', 'who found " Buckwild " star  Shain Gandee \'s body and Gandee, 21, of  Sissonville , W. Va his uncle,  David Gandee , 48, left home. The " Buckwild " star was third man,  Donald Robert Myers , 27, were the SUV. " Buckwild " is a reality the lives of  Shain Gandee  and his friends ', 'series star  Shain Gandee  and two other Gandee\'s uncle,  David Gandee , and another 27-year-old  Donald Robert Myers , were also Gandee, of  Sissonville , W. Va one mile from  Shain Gandee \'s residence February that " Buckwild ," which followed news about  Shain Gandee , and those ', 'Shain Gandee , one of the Reality Show " Buckwild ," was found 21, of  Sissonville , W. Va his uncle  David Gandee . According four-wheeling in  Shain Gandee \'s Ford Bronco the news of  Shain Gandee \'s death ', 'tragic death of  shain gandee , the young star of " buckwild ." Two others the details. " Buckwild " is a show about west virginians.  Shain gandee  told friends he 27-year-old family friend  donald robert myers . That vehicle ', 'the tragic death of shain gandee , the young star of " buckwild ." Two others killed in an early morning truck accident and paula faris is here with the details. " Buckwild " is a show about the crazy adventures of nine young west virginians. Shain gandee told friends he did that show for his family and this morning his father tells one of the show\'s producers that his son died doing what he loved. Yeah, how you like it? Reporter: Known as the fun-loving carefree kid, shain gandee , the 21-year-old from mtv\'s reality show " buckwild " was found dead on monday behind the wheel of his old truck. Also inside whether the bodies of his 48-year-old uncle david and 27-year-old family friend donald robert myers . That vehicle was in a wooded area a mile a half where we are now. Reporter: That vehicle discovered monday morning close ', 'star gone too soon, tributes are flowing from fellow reality stars and shain\'s own cast mates. Shea bradley and ashley whitt saying "breathe in, breathe out, just going through the motions and rip, shain gandee . You are an angel. I know you will watch over me. His family struggling to pay for funeral expenses turning to the community for help and one of shain\'s cousins is organizing a memorial mud run to help with costs that will take place allegedly tomorrow night. Police do not expect ', 'reveals the moment budding star  shain gandee  was found dead in his suv bombshell decision to cancel " buckwild ." They were found dead in  shain \'s truck, tsuv partially Viewers are taking to " buckwild "\'s facebook page some supporting ', 'they\'re dead. Reporter: This frantic 911 calls reveals the moment budding star shain gandee was found dead in his suv, the victim of accidental carbon monoxide poisoning. Now a week later mtv is making the bombshell decision to cancel " buckwild ." They were found dead in shain\'s truck, tsuv partially submerged in mud and the muffler completely covered possibly causing the poisoning. The men were mudding, driving into mud and trying to get out. A passion of shain\'s on the show. Like a stress reliever. Reporter: Nicknamed beggandee candy, it focuses on nine teens in west virginia and they\'re deeply divided over the news it will not be back. Viewers are taking to " buckwild "\'s facebook page some supporting it saying "it was a good and right call. It won\'t be the same." Others are outraged saying "i don\'t think shain would want his unfortunate passing to take away from his friends." I think they acted responsibly on behalf of their shareholders. When it poses great risk with modest reward, that\'s a bad business to be in. Reporter: Mtv explained their decision explaining "given shain\'s tragic passing we felt it was not appropriate to coue without him." And now one of the show\'s producers is firing back. ', 'West Virginia police found the body  Shain Gandee , 21, in his SUV after he left a bar to go four-wheeling.', 'tragic death of  shain gandee , star of reality show " buckwild ." Carbon latest from  sissonville , west virginia know that  shain gandee  was doing funeral.  Shain gandee  was the breakout nicknamed  gandee candy  found ways ', 'The latest on the tragic death of shain gandee , star of the mtv reality show " buckwild ." Carbon monoxide poisoning now confirmed as the causef death for gandee and the two men found with him. Abc\'s david kerley has the latest from sissonville , west virginia. David, good morning. Reporter: We know that shain gandee was doing what he loved in the early morning hours. What we don\'t know was he doing it just for fun or were mtv cameras rolling? This morning this small west virginia town is planning a funeral. Shain gandee was the breakout star of the mtv reality show " buckwild ." The fun-loving 21-year-old nicknamed gandee candy found ways in his rural hometown to have a good time including something known as mudding. Mudding is like a stress reliever. ']