['Matters") is 63. Actor Jay North ("Dennis the Menace") is 62. Guitarist Randy Scruggs is 60. Actor  John C .  McGinley  (" Scrubs ") is 54. Bassist Lee Rocker (Stray Cats) is 52. Actress Lisa Ann Walter ("Bruce Almighty") is 52 ', '46,520 people who contributed to  Zach Braff \'s Kickstarter campaign for his he said. See What Other Project  Zach Braff  Is Working On Hulbert also recorded buying Hulbert all the seasons of " Scrubs " on DVD. They\'ve watched every ', 'It worked for  Zach Braff  and "Veronica Mars" creator New York Observer wrote.  Zach Braff  " Scrubs " star  Zach Braff  also faced criticism for Anna Kendrick and fellow " Scrubs " star  Donald Faison . Karen Black Celebrities ', 'Donald Faison  and Cacee Cobb said "I do" last December expect. In the minute-long reel, the " Scrubs " star and his bride, who once worked with their pals after exchanging vows in  Zach Braff \'s L.A. backyard. (Braff and Faison ', 'It was a " Scrubs " reunion weekend as  Donald Faison  tied the co-star  Zach Braff  . After six comedy-drama " Scrubs " that he\'s known for. " Scrubs ," which in 2010.  Zach Braff  Braff\'s Dorian on " Scrubs " earned relationship.  Sarah Chalke  Before taking former " Scrubs " executive Ross."  Judy Reyes  Dominican-American role on " Scrubs ," she played Sundance.  Neil Flynn Neil Flynn', 'Cher), Stacey Dash (Dionne),  Donald Faison  (Dionne\'s boyfriend Murray things because of this movie," said  Donald Faison , who starred as Dionne\'s boyfriend appear in hit TV shows including " Scrubs ." "People will still come up ', 'on several episodes of HBO\'s "Entourage," "The Simpsons" and " Scrubs ." Getty Images Kathryn Bigelow Not only did the beautiful ex-wife controversy for how much access to confidential information she was granted .  John C .  McGinley', 'parts in "Milk" and "Superbad." His biggest part to date was playing intern Cole Aaronson on the final season of " Scrubs ." 4. Dave is close with his brother. "I don\'t take for granted him helping me get my foot in the door," he says ', 'another educational financial program, this one aimed at a slightly older crowd of teens and twentysomethings.  Scrubs  star  Donald Faison  is the host, with appearances by hip-hop mogul Russell Simmons and personal-finance gurus such as Michelle ', 'across from THE  Zach Braff . Foley interviewed dream sequence on " Scrubs ." In fact, having ask Braff about " Scrubs ," one requests Braff welcomes " Scrubs " questions because life and times of  Zach Braff  than the student ', 'across from THE  Zach Braff . Foley interviewed dream sequence on " Scrubs ." In fact, having ask Braff about " Scrubs ," one requests Braff welcomes " Scrubs " questions because life and times of  Zach Braff  than the student ', 'for his show, "30 Rock," which has earned only modest ratings in its first season. Baldwin was up against  Zach Braff  (" Scrubs "), Steve Carell ("The Office"), Jason Lee ("My Name Is Earl") and Tony Shalhoub ("Monk"), and ', 'cancer sufferers around the world and led to a movie, which airs Oct. 23 at 9 p.m. ET on Lifetime. It stars  Sarah Chalke  from " Scrubs " and singer Patti Labelle, who bring Lucas\' brash and sometimes humorous take on cancer to the small screen ', "of the Emmy award winning comedy  scrubs . Joining us now offer sneak season and having these guys Donald and  John C .  McGinley  Zack and and the returning cast network took it in America. Tune in  scrubs  are right words don't buy eggs ", "feels like this well oiled machine and having these guys Donald and John C . McGinley Zack and and the returning cast there to kind. You know He listens to lead and. They it's kind of been around ", 'Zach Braff  has been nominated for three doctor John on the hit sitcom  scrubs  now after eight years the sacred heart hospital. It  Zach Braff  Zach welcome how. Very nice a clip of the show this is  scrubs  Courtney Cox the big guest ', "Zach Braff has been nominated for three Golden Globes and an Emmy for his role as doctor John -- on the hit sitcom scrubs now after eight years the quirky medical Joseph is getting. You know life on ABC. Can't talk about all the off beat things happening is sacred heart hospital. It Zach Braff Zach welcome -- how. Very nice guy hey nice -- I'd always wanted to do that thank you we did very well ", 'day ten we saw this dr. Bill mason, my hero who thank god he\'s okay. A lot will be helped about that show.  Sarah chalke , thanks so much. "How to live with your parents for the rest of your life" tonight at 9:30, 8:30 central ', 'thank god he\'s okay. A lot will be helped about that show. Sarah chalke , thanks so much. "How to live with your parents for the rest of your life" tonight at 9:30, 8:30 central. ', 'shows like "seinfe "SEINFELD," "3rd ROCK" AND " Scrubs ." Please welcome christen john ston, wayne knight, and  donald faison . Hi, donald. Hi. Good to see you. I snuck away ', 'Starring in tv shows like "seinfe "SEINFELD," "3rd ROCK" AND " Scrubs ." Please welcome christen john ston, wayne knight, and donald faison . Hi, donald. Hi. Good to see you. I snuck away. Congratulations. Well done. You had no idea, did you? I wanted her ', "role. And more recently we've seen you on the hit show  scrubs  some of the like being a part of that down. that shows continued success. And now I. I ask you get mistaken for  Zach Braff  his cabinet He looks like you to be Brothers. Accusing ", "role. And -- more recently we've seen you on the hit show scrubs some of the like being a part of that down. -- that shows unbelievable I think right now -- and they're there. 37 season and around. -- -- -- -- -- They're not only great crew and a great cast but an unbelievably humble and count them grounded grounded people which as you know they don't always going into and that. In the film and television -- they're just there is great they're great people we were some continued success. And now I. I ask you get mistaken for Zach Braff his cabinet He looks like you to be Brothers. Accusing you say that we actually play them on TV that's. I would ", "wonderful film that surprise most people's. Well you and  Judy Reyes  she pleasure wife let people know her from  scrubs  both from the Bronx yes the movie takes place in the Bronx ", "just it's a wonderful film that surprise most people's. Well you and Judy Reyes she pleasure wife let people know her from scrubs -- both from the Bronx yes the movie takes place in the Bronx. It seems like a home field advantage. For nailing "]