["All of you fans of the  secret life of the American teenager  already know the county and actually she Woodley. Well now she's an even wider audience and Oscar buzz with her breakout performance ", "All of you fans of the secret life of the American teenager already know the county and actually she -- Woodley. Well now she's -- -- an even wider audience and -- Oscar buzz ", "Eighties icon Molly ring back to starring in a new televisions show the  secret life of the American teenager . Might sound like something straight out of the John fault but it's decidedly different because this time not playing the teen ", "ring -- -- back to starring in a new televisions show the secret life of the American teenager . Might sound like something straight out of the John -- fault but it's decidedly different because this time -- not playing the ", 'Reporter: Playing opposite shay lee woodley and  molly ringwald  plays her mom. What if I want to work. Reporter disease sf I kept imagining a 14-year-old fan of  secret life of the american teenager , who by chance was struggling with the same illness ', "i have crohn's disease sf I kept imagining a 14-year-old fan of secret life of the american teenager , who by chance was struggling with the same illness. I thought that I'm given this opportunity, by being a public figure and ", "Teen mommy Bristol Palin is making her acting debut the  secret life of the American teenager  has scooped up the daughter of Sarah Palin. For a performance that hits really close to home. Think in you have a son we're ", 'Teen mommy Bristol Palin is making her acting debut the secret life of the American teenager has scooped up the daughter of Sarah Palin. For a performance that hits really close to home. -- -- -- -- -- ', "pregnant teens in pop culture than ever before. Teen sixteen and pregnant and pregnancy pact And the ex  secret life of the American teenager  our kids are being exposed to this all of the time and and the problem is it's not just the show is ", "Teen -- sixteen and pregnant and pregnancy pact -- And the ex secret life of the American teenager our kids are being exposed to this all of the time and and the problem is it's not just the show is. ", "TV Including the Big Bang theory and the  secret life of the American teenager . And she joins us talk about all the latest her Big Bang theory and the new season the  secret life of the American teenager  which beacons in. That's all the we have ", 'number of hit TV -- Including the Big Bang theory and the secret life of the American teenager . And she joins us -- talk about all the latest projects welcome back thank you thanks for having me so I mean ', "you can see her Big Bang theory and the new season the secret life of the American teenager which beacons in. That's all the -- we have -- and then tell me. "]