['Actress Summer Glau is 32. Actress Elisabeth Moss is 31. Actress Anna Paquin is 31. Actress  Megan Park  ("The  Secret Life of the American Teenager ") is 27. Actress Mara Wilson is 26. Rock singer Jay McGuiness (The Wanted) is 23. TV personality ', 'Meet the 35 Hottest Latinos in Entertainment, According to the Hollywood Reporter', "Patricia Riggen's Girl in Progress earlier this year and has a small role on ABC Family's hit show The  Secret Life of the American Teenager  ; Raini Rodriguez (who plays Cierra Ramirez's best friend in Girl in Progress and in real-life is the ", 'Talent The  Secret Life of the American Teenager  So You Think Awkward  Shailene Woodley , The  Secret Life of the American Teenager  Choice Summer Baumann, The  Secret Life of the American Teenager  Jean-Luc Common Law  Daren Kagasoff , The  Secret Life of the American Teenager  Tyler Posey Modern Family  Francia Raisa , The  Secret Life of the American Teenager  Casey Wilson ', 'Getty Images) On TV, Ken Baumann plays sensitive, wholesome Ben Boykewich on the ABC Family hit, "The  Secret Life of the American Teenager ." In real life, Baumann also runs a publishing house, designs book jackets and has just written a novel ', 'JonBenet Ramsey Mystery." Since the end of the show, the 22-year-old actress has appeared on "The  Secret Life of the American Teenager " and the Edgar Allan Poe fantasy film "Fading of the Cries." She\'s an activist for the Cystic Fibrosis ', "following a boating accident. Newcomer  Shailene Woodley , who plays one of his daughters, gives for the storytelling, but I thought  Shailene Woodley , who's on' The  Secret Life of the American Teenager ,' this was her breakthough performance ", 'campaign, Palin recently guest-starred as herself on an episode of ABC Family\'s teenage drama "The  Secret Life of the American Teenager ." Palin resides in Alaska with her son and family. Click here to return to the "Good Morning America ', 'campaign, Palin recently guest-starred as herself on an episode of ABC Family\'s teenage drama "The  Secret Life of the American Teenager ." Palin resides in Alaska with her son and family. Kurt Warner Kurt Warner is the first quarterback to ', 'campaign, Palin recently guest-starred as herself on an episode of ABC Family\'s teenage drama "The  Secret Life of the American Teenager ." Palin resides in Alaska with her son and family. Kurt Warner Kurt Warner is the first quarterback to ', 'campaign, Palin recently guest-starred as herself on an episode of ABC Family\'s teenage drama "The  Secret Life of the American Teenager ." Palin resides in Alaska with her son and family. Audrina Patridge After starring in six seasons of ', 'campaign, Palin recently guest-starred as herself on an episode of ABC Family\'s teenage drama "The  Secret Life of the American Teenager ." Palin resides in Alaska with her son and family. Audrina Patridge After starring in six seasons of ', 'campaign, Palin recently guest-starred as herself on an episode of ABC Family\'s teenage drama "The  Secret Life of the American Teenager ." Palin resides in Alaska with her son and family. Audrina Patridge After starring in six seasons of ', 'campaign, Palin recently guest-starred as herself on an episode of ABC Family\'s teenage drama "The  Secret Life of the American Teenager ." Palin resides in Alaska with her son and family. Audrina Patridge After starring in six seasons of ', "center of the show,  shailene woodley . She recently stopped lovely and talented  shailene woodley  is back on the show with your mom, ro  molly ringwald  place your mom for joining us.  Shailene woodley , everybody. We'll ", 'teenager" recently marked their 100th episode. At the center of the show, shailene woodley . She recently stopped by to talk to lara about it all. The lovely and talented shailene woodley is back on the show. So excited to have you here. Excited to be here. When last we saw each other, you ', 'spectacular " we wish you the best. Thank you for joining us. Shailene woodley , everybody. We\'ll be right back. Oreo and dunkin\' ', "All of you fans of the  secret life of the American teenager  already know the county and actually she Woodley. Well now she's an even wider audience and Oscar buzz with her breakout performance ", "All of you fans of the secret life of the American teenager already know the county and actually she -- Woodley. Well now she's -- -- an even wider audience and -- Oscar buzz ", "Eighties icon Molly ring back to starring in a new televisions show the  secret life of the American teenager . Might sound like something straight out of the John fault but it's decidedly different because this time not playing the teen ", "ring -- -- back to starring in a new televisions show the secret life of the American teenager . Might sound like something straight out of the John -- fault but it's decidedly different because this time -- not playing the ", 'Reporter: Playing opposite shay lee woodley and  molly ringwald  plays her mom. What if I want to work. Reporter disease sf I kept imagining a 14-year-old fan of  secret life of the american teenager , who by chance was struggling with the same illness ', "i have crohn's disease sf I kept imagining a 14-year-old fan of secret life of the american teenager , who by chance was struggling with the same illness. I thought that I'm given this opportunity, by being a public figure and ", "Teen mommy Bristol Palin is making her acting debut the  secret life of the American teenager  has scooped up the daughter of Sarah Palin. For a performance that hits really close to home. Think in you have a son we're ", 'Teen mommy Bristol Palin is making her acting debut the secret life of the American teenager has scooped up the daughter of Sarah Palin. For a performance that hits really close to home. -- -- -- -- -- ', "pregnant teens in pop culture than ever before. Teen sixteen and pregnant and pregnancy pact And the ex  secret life of the American teenager  our kids are being exposed to this all of the time and and the problem is it's not just the show is ", "Teen -- sixteen and pregnant and pregnancy pact -- And the ex secret life of the American teenager our kids are being exposed to this all of the time and and the problem is it's not just the show is. ", "TV Including the Big Bang theory and the  secret life of the American teenager . And she joins us talk about all the latest her Big Bang theory and the new season the  secret life of the American teenager  which beacons in. That's all the we have ", 'number of hit TV -- Including the Big Bang theory and the secret life of the American teenager . And she joins us -- talk about all the latest projects welcome back thank you thanks for having me so I mean ', "you can see her Big Bang theory and the new season the secret life of the American teenager which beacons in. That's all the -- we have -- and then tell me. "]