['patients suffer from a range of conditions such as chronic fatigue, depression and anxiety. Stars such as Madonna,  Simon Cowell  and Cindy Crawford reportedly are on the liquid vitamin bandwagon, and a photo Rihanna tweeted of herself with an IV ', 'Poor  Simon Cowell  . The famously snarky judge was pelted with eggs by a woman who stormed the stage during Saturday\'s finale of "Britain\'s Got ', 'going to be there, and I love Lindsay." Lovato Thinks  Simon Cowell  Is a \'Genius\' When she\'s not in the studio laying show, "The X-Factor," sitting alongside the great  Simon Cowell . "We have a really fun relationship," Lovato said ', 'season two. Fans loved her blunt criticism and willingness to fight back against fellow judge and "X Factor" creator  Simon Cowell . She has said recently in interviews that she\'d love to return to the show if asked. "Had an amazing time overseas ', 'Huntsman Sports Favorite Male Athlete LeBron James Favorite Female Athlete Danica Patrick Other Categories Favorite Villain  Simon Cowell , The X Factor Favorite Book The Hunger Games series Favorite Video Game Just Dance 4 Favorite App Temple Run', 'Douglas Danica Patrick Serena Williams Venus Williams Other Categories Favorite Villain Reed Alexander, "iCarly"  Simon Cowell , "The X Factor" Tom Hiddleston, "Marvel\'s The Avengers" Julia Roberts, "Mirror Mirror" Favorite Book Diary ', 'K. TV show "The X Factor" was panned by critics because she reportedly lip-synced, although "X Factor" judge  Simon Cowell  didn\'t seem to mind. The "American Idol" mainstay gave the rebounding pop icon a standing ovation after her gig ', 'After months of speculation, it appears official:  Simon Cowell  is dating "Baywatch" babe Carmen Electra . But the unauthorized biography, "Sweet Revenge: The Intimate Life of  Simon Cowell " by writer Tom Bowers, lifted the covers on his romantic ', 'Justin Bieber. Some of the biggest names in Hollywood, including Justin Bieber, Ashton Kutcher, Miley Cyrus and  Simon Cowell  have all been the victim of "swatting," the scary new trend in which people call 911 and report fake crimes such ', 'talent show to focus more on developing new and signed musicians. "I have the utmost respect for [show creator]  Simon Cowell . He is the very best, and I have had the opportunity to learn so much from working with him," Reid said. "Working ', 'was only one direction they wanted to go -- to the top. The group ended up finishing third and was quickly signed to  Simon Cowell \'s label. In March, they released their debut album, "Up All Night," which has sold 1.3 million copies and ', 'candid at the Billboard/Hollywood Reporter Film & TV Conference Thursday where she shared her true feelings about  Simon Cowell . The 31-year-old used expletives while describing Cowell\'s judging style. "I was like, \'Man, that\'s not ', "Coincidence? Yeah, probably. San bradley cooper went nuts and the glitz rat si gloated, ricky george have a and  simon cowell  claims he's even richer tweeting murray had a bet you would win. I'm not objective. I'm scottish, so is murray ", "nuts and the glitz rat si gloated, ricky george have a and simon cowell claims he's even richer tweeting murray had a bet you would win. I'm not objective. I'm scottish, so is murray. Generally we're ", "Drip. Giving the vitamins into your veins. It's fueled in part by hollywood. Celebrities on the bandwagon include  simon cowell , cindy crawford and madonna. Rihanna tweeted this shot, prompting reports she enjoys the party girl drip. The ladies ", 'veins. It\'s fueled in part by hollywood. Celebrities on the bandwagon include simon cowell , cindy crawford and madonna. Rihanna tweeted this shot, prompting reports she enjoys the party girl drip. The ladies on "the view" had ', 'because he wanted to be his own  Simon Cowell  has a talent for finding talent he Collison. We expect. News  Simon Cowell  has been judging how America got like human being today. This used  Simon Cowell  was shocked to songs. have a he ', "in television last year because he wanted to be his own -- Simon Cowell has a talent for finding talent. But does he have that certain special something that draws people to you and make -- As he Collison. We expect. News Simon Cowell has been judging how America got was appalling with a -- -- I'm finding it -- up -- tough to -- You are terrible thing you are terrible sounds you have no charisma and cash and a let me take a hard time that it that it isn't there is anything like -- human being today. This used Simon Cowell was shocked to songs. -- have a -- he walked away from the most popular show on television American Idol. So that ", "from London. I don't think there's a band in the world right now who is good issues. From Hollywood hopeful.  Simon Cowell  has fulfilled week. But Saturday night he lived through night A intruder inside his fourteen million dollar London ", 'now who is good issues. From Hollywood hopeful. -- -- -- -- Simon Cowell has fulfilled -- -- -- week. But Saturday night he lived through -- night -- A -- -- intruder inside his fourteen ']