['television viewers, he has been a frequent contributor to  NBC  News, Oprah, Ellen, The View,  The Biggest Loser , The Doctors and Dr. Oz. David has a true gift for ', "stay; call 949-715-6010.  The Biggest Loser  Resort, in Utah, Malibu and upstate New York No,  Jillian Michaels  doesn't terrorize guests at  the Biggest Loser  resort, but don't worry ", 'Wisconsin primary, Obama on GOP budget, plus more to watch for Tuesday in politics', 'speech at the American Society of News Editors convention. And then there is this: Michelle Obama will be on  NBC \'s " The Biggest Loser " at 8 p.m. EDT. The first lady appears on a two-part makeover episode of the weight loss show in which ', 'Making It Work: Celebrity Marriage Wisdom From Donny Osmond and, Yes, Gene Simmons', 'and we\'re in love." 3.  Alison Sweeney  and Dave Sanov Brad and Angelina cameras." Sanov is married to  Alison Sweeney , longtime soap-opera star and host of " The Biggest Loser ." The key to her marriage\'s ', 'about the holidays makes people think it\'s okay to stuff themselves full of their favorite foods," said " Biggest Loser " trainer  Bob Harper . "Be cautious about overindulging this Thanksgiving holiday." Harper and other experts say even unhealthier ', 'Autism: Parenthood,  NBC  Watching Adam and Healthy TV Winner:  The Biggest Loser ,  NBC  his show is a phenomenon ex-BL trainer  Jillian Michaels  and host  Alison Sweeney , these men and Life Today With  The Biggest Loser  Diet Most Clever ', 'and fitness trainer  Jillian Michaels  as GoDaddy Girls from trainer on TV\'s  The Biggest Loser  to a scantily clad Shame on you,  Jillian Michaels ." Adds Griffin went from being on  The Biggest Loser  to being  the biggest', 'and fitness trainer  Jillian Michaels  as GoDaddy Girls from trainer on TV\'s  The Biggest Loser  to a scantily clad Shame on you,  Jillian Michaels ." Adds Griffin went from being on  The Biggest Loser  to being  the biggest', "And they're at  The Biggest Loser  Resort at Fitness It was spawned by  NBC 's successful  The Biggest Loser  TV show, taped nearby make the trip to  The Biggest Loser  resort? Here is Utah affiliated with  NBC 's hit TV show ", "And they're at  The Biggest Loser  Resort at Fitness It was spawned by  NBC 's successful  The Biggest Loser  TV show, taped nearby make the trip to  The Biggest Loser  resort? Here is Utah affiliated with  NBC 's hit TV show ", '" Biggest Loser " star and fitness guru  Jillian Michaels  is being sued for endorsing Maximum Strength Fat Burner and  Jillian Michaels  Maximum Strength Calorie Control lawsuit may have some merit.  Jillian Michaels  Lawsuit: The Dangers of Detox ', "But in reality  Alison Sweeney  is anything Virginia it.  NBC 's  biggest loser  show. And you've and that's  The biggest loser  guys they are being part of  the biggest loser . But my son Sounds great well  Alison Sweeney  congratulations ", "they are she is adorable it was also generous of Virginia it. NBC's biggest loser show. And you've publicly spoken about your battle with weight loss did that influence your decision to be part of the show. I am left to the chance I love the fact that the show I mean it's. Not unlike what I was doing this morning with close up our back is is it helping people and that's -- The biggest loser guys they are changing people's lives every single day and not just the contestants that people watch the show it to you. ", "Britney's case fox. But time with winner's check the biggest about your hard let's get started. Host and actress  Alison Sweeney  convince the sense of as Cindy Brady on days of and magazine covers and on the red carpet where she's accompanied by an ", "-- -- about your hard -- let's get started. Host and actress Alison Sweeney convince the sense of as Cindy Brady on days of -- -- and magazine covers and on the red carpet where she's ", 'more than we expected so  NBC  decided to abandon 10 PM five nights at ten. Leaves  NBC  with little to replace him and dramas. But for now  NBC  is left with a primetime most prominent titles is.  The biggest loser . For Good Morning America ', "NBC is trying to convince Jay Leno and Conan O'Brien to share. And agree to a new late night schedule after scraping leno's 10 o'clock show but the big question remains will one of the stars jump ship to another network -- -- ABC's Brian Rooney reports. The last word came not in a Leno one liner. I didn't sleep at any my staff for nothing. But from NBC affiliates that we're losing money some of which even threatened to preempt the comedian. Starting in November the affiliates started to -- wow what -- of local news being impacted more than we expected so NBC decided to abandon -- 10 PM Leno. Starting February 12. The network announced a new half hour Leno at his old 1135 ", 'bold programming move that put Leno won five nights at ten. Leaves NBC with little to replace him expect a mix of news reality and dramas. But for now NBC is left with a primetime lineup in which one of their most prominent titles is. The biggest loser . For Good Morning America Brian Rooney ABC news Los Angeles. ', "talks are still ongoing.  NBC  says it stars have been nights a week at ten. Leaves  NBC  with little to replace him franchises. For now though  NBC  is left with a primetime most prominent titles is.  The biggest loser . Brian ABC news' holly ", "As of today it is official NBC is pulling the plug on its big primetime experiment announcing today that Jay Leno is moving back to late night. An affiliate revolt forced the networks -- to the big question now is will all the players in this drama go a lot. Brian Rooney is on the -- The last word came not -- -- Leno one liner. I didn't sleep -- any my staff for nothing but from NBC affiliates that we're losing money some of which even threatened to preempt the comedian. The announcement came at the network semiannual meeting with television critics. Starting in November at the affiliates started to cause saying wow what -- -- a local news being impacted more than we expected. -- was making NBC a profit despite dismal ratings. But one local station lost half its news audience. So NBC decided to abandon the 10 PM Leno starting February 12. The network announced a new half hour Leno at his old 1135 time slot. Conan O'Brien with the venerable tonight show for an hour at 1205. And Jimmy Fallon for anyone still awake after that but as much as I'd like to tell you we have a done deal. We know that's not true. The talks are still ongoing. NBC says it stars have been given the weekend to think about it. And the network doesn't know whether Conan O'Brien will accept a half hour demotion -- -- to another network. What we're hearing from inside the -- campus. There they're kind of 5050 right now what they want to do this. This obviously is a big smack in the face failure of the old programming move that -- Leno won five nights a week at ten. Leaves NBC with little to replace him. While the other networks have cashed in on the peacocks misfortune. Expect a mix of news reality and -- may be yet another of the law and order franchises. For now though NBC is left with a primetime lineup in which one of their most prominent titles is. The biggest loser . Brian ABC news' holly. ", "win. Where's the entire  NBC  network like one of biggest hits  the biggest loser . While I still can I've Craig's list. Okay. Okay.  NBC  insists nothing is official point for actually stay at  NBC . Deadline Hollywood reports ", "But Mike Von -- asked did anyone really win. Where's the entire NBC network like one of -- -- biggest hits the biggest loser . -- -- -- While I still can I've decided to sell the Tonight Show on Craig's list. Okay. Okay. NBC insists nothing is official but Hollywood experts say. Conan O'Brien's days on the peacock network are not only numbered it would take a miracle at this point for -- actually stay at NBC . Deadline Hollywood reports NBC may try to keep Conan O'Brien totally off the airwaves. For the remaining three years of his contract. -- sponsor that is if NBC doesn't want people to see me just leave me on NBC . Okay. New show I'm a celebrity get me off NBC -- Are -- getting tired of hearing about it. -- me neither. All this trash talk from the titans of the Tonight Show may be torture for NBC executives there is an upside the irony of -- -- -- -- -- even his best ratings in -- while actually the "]