['Nurse Jackie,"  Showtime ; Jane Krakowski Asylum," FX Networks;  Laura Linney , " The Big C : Hereafter,"  Showtime ; Helen Mirren, "Phil Candelabra," HBO;  John Benjamin Hickey , " The Big C : Hereafter,"  Showtime', 'Political Animals Top of the Lake Lead Actress in a Miniseries or Movie Jessica Lange, American Horror Story: Asylum  Laura Linney ,  The Big C : Hereafter Helen Mirren, Phil Spector Elisabeth Moss, Top of the Lake Sigourney Weaver, Political Animals ', 'nominated for a best actress Oscar. After a couple of small film roles, Sidibe is now a regular on the  Showtime  series " The Big C " with  Laura Linney . Spencer, who became only the sixth black woman to win an Oscar, has more acting chops than both ', 'FilmMagic/Getty Images Lead Actress, Comedy: Amy Poehler Edie Falco, "Nurse Jackie"; Tina Fey, "30 Rock";  Laura Linney , " The Big C "; Melissa McCarthy, "Mike & Molly"; Martha Plimpton, "Raising Hope"; Amy Poehler, "Parks and Recreation ', 'FilmMagic/Getty Images Lead Actress, Comedy: Amy Poehler Edie Falco, "Nurse Jackie"; Tina Fey, "30 Rock";  Laura Linney , " The Big C "; Melissa McCarthy, "Mike & Molly"; Martha Plimpton, "Raising Hope"; Amy Poehler, "Parks and Recreation ', "Most Daring Concept:  The Big C ,  Showtime  Skin cancer takes center stage as actress  Laura Linney 's Cathy lives a full 11 Winner Olivia Ward  Laura Linney , Skin Cancer, and  The Big C  Change Your Life Today ", "Jill Clayburgh's Legacy: After 'An Unmarried Woman,' Actresses Redefine Independence", 'just as torn up about what it means to be married.  Laura Linney  in "  The Big C  ." Linney plays Cathy Jamison, a teacher by profession teenage son. During the current first-season of this  Showtime  program, Cathy has just learned she has stage 4 ', 'pedophile in the film "Little Children," is now appearing as a first-time series\' regular in  Showtime \'s "  The Big C  ." As Cathy Jamison\'s ( Laura Linney ) crusty neighbor, Somerville plays the character Marlene as a perceptive but short-tempered ', 'Oscar-nominated star of " Precious, " who now appears in the  Showtime  series "  The Big C  ," deserves press and praise. Few full-figured than the others." Gabourey Sidibe at a September  Showtime  event. The appearance of Sidibe\'s skin isn\'t ', 'Christina Hendricks, Blake Lively, Laura Linney , Rutina Wesley: Eye-Riveting Beauty Parts', 'answer is Jennifer Aniston.  Laura Linney  plays middle-aged Cathy Jamison in  Showtime \'s " The Big C ", who\'s just learned she has with Linney\'s girly dimples.  Laura Linney . For fans of Hollywood, it\'s ', 'right is  Showtime \'s speciality Now comes "  The Big C  ," which teacher (  Laura Linney  ) who finds husband ( Oliver Platt ) or her said  John Benjamin Hickey , who plays through " The Big C \'s" pilot made " The Big C " more appealing to  Showtime . "When ', "The unlikely combination debut Sunday on  showtime  in the form of  the big C . Check it out why didn't count because fruit punch Katrina spilling from punt thank  Laura Linney  and  Oliver Platt  hilarious back and forth make this the And ", "-- -- next cancer plus comedy. The unlikely combination debut Sunday on showtime in the form of the big C Check it out why didn't count because you spoke frequently are bouncing Christians have helped river -- We didn't see the fruit punch Katrina spilling from punt thank Laura Linney and Oliver Platt hilarious back and forth make this -- -- -- the -- And finally -- overseas violence there's a new opera singer who ", "creating a lot of buzz  Showtime 's and the big seat television through comedy.  Laura Linney  plays the straight air with the very talented  Laura Linney . It's it's been we mentioned earlier  the big C  is taking on us very ", "Now to the new show that's creating a lot of buzz -- Showtime's and the big seat takes on cancer in a -- never seen before on television through comedy. Laura Linney plays the straight air -- Cathy Jamison a suburban teacher and mother that's diagnosed with stage four melanoma. Her normally conservative and ", "been like for you as an actor working with the very talented Laura Linney . It's it's been honestly dream come true if it's like taking a master class she is. By far the most of -- ", "right and just to be clear to me she is a working actress still see just landed a couple of and a new show on  showtime  called  the big C  and also in a movie called yelling at the skies of cabaret. Pay no attention. If you see any interviews she's ", 'see just landed a couple of -- and a new show on showtime called the big C and also in a movie called yelling at the skies of cabaret. Pay no attention. If you see any interviews -- -- ']