['The National Security Agency director on Edward Snowden and NSA surveillance programs.', 'Now, to the latest on  nsa  leaker edward snowden. He has spent a month in limbo at a russian the house defeated legislation that would have blocked the  national security agency  from collecting phone records of americans.', 'Now, to the latest on nsa leaker edward snowden. He has spent a month in limbo at a russian airport. But that may change soon. He may be ', 'alexander, heads the  national security agency . Thank you for come on hong kong. He said the  nsa  hacks chinese companies of laws that guide how  nsa  acts. We follow those a u.S. Person, the  nsa  cannot listen to your ', 'that they had hacked computer systems in hong kong. He said the nsa hacks chinese companies to steal sms data. Is that true? We have interest in those who collect on us as an intelligence ', 'laws we have. We have a set of laws that guide how nsa acts. We follow those laws. We have tremendous oversight by all three portions of the government. The courts, congress, and the administration. ', "week, what he can say, if you are a u.S. Person, the nsa cannot listen to your telephone calls. I understand under the 215 program you don't listen to the phone calls. But is that statement correct? I would assume that if an nsa analyst is tracking someone in cuba or overseas, you're going to listen to the phone call, correct? You're asking a different set of questions. Let me put first of all, the prime directive on the table. The law makes it clear. In order for the nsa to target the content of a u.S. Person's communications anywhere in the world, nsa requiring probable cause and a court order, a specific court order. If we're targeting outside the united states a terrorist, and happen ", 'essentially walled off within the  nsa . There are limited number of people important, really important. The  national security agency  is not listening to americans colleague senator wyden. Does the  nsa  collect any type of data at all ', 'happens with that program, that program is essentially walled off within the nsa . There are limited number of people who have access to it. The only thing taken as it has been correctly express is ', 'When james clapper was questioned by your colleague senator wyden. Does the nsa collect any type of data at all on millions or hundreds of millions of americans? No, sir. It does not? Not whittling. ', "edward snowden. He worked with the  national security agency , a contract worker, who says a civilian contractor with the  nsa  in hawaii. When you see everything concerned about the reach of the  nsa 's surveillance of innocent americans ", 'a former cia technician, who currently is a civilian contractor with the nsa in hawaii. When you see everything, you see them on a more frequent basis. And you recognize that some of these things are actually abuses. Reporter: Snowden revealed himself and his motivation sunday afternoon in this interview, posted online by "the guardian" newspaper, conducted by columnist glenn greenwald in hong kong. This is the truth. This is what\'s happening. You should decide if we should be doing this. Reporter: Snowden said he saw firsthand and became increasingly concerned about the reach of the nsa\'s surveillance of innocent americans. Even if you\'re doing nothing wrong, you\'re being watched and recorded. Reporter: That\'s why he said he chose to ', 'able to use that program, that capability, we might well have been able to prevent 9/11. Reporter: The  national security agency  stepped upped its defense, saying their intelligence gathering prevented potential attacks in more than 20 countries ', 'capability, we might well have been able to prevent 9/11. Reporter: The national security agency stepped upped its defense, saying their intelligence gathering prevented potential attacks in more than 20 countries, insisting that they only investigated 300 ', 'auspices of the  National Security Agency  which of course Administration. Through the  National Security Agency  and this is where Board. To discuss  NSA surveillance  programs what can the wake of those  NSA  revelations that ', "Obama meets with the Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board. To discuss NSA surveillance programs what can we expect that come from those discussions. Maybe nothing because it's all private and what of the ironies of this -- to talk about individual privacy and civil liberties and not allowing anyone in the -- to tell you about it obvious statement that comes out of it clearly that this is part of the president's pledge. In the wake of those NSA revelations that. Did have a further discussion and some of the stakeholders in that room clearly -- -- -- the point of ", "general I think we need to  National Security Agency . In other appropriate people the government three of the  NSA  has requested records from saying. I'm fine if the  NSA  the  National Security Agency  has my phone number because ", "heard Lindsey Graham just a moment ago saying. I'm fine if the NSA the National Security Agency has my phone number because they know I'm not a terrorist but I started making suspicious phone calls -- did you know ", 'secrets. His last post was at the  nsa , the  national security agency  facility in hawaii that is a hub congress today the head of the  nsa , general keith alexander said Reporter: Even so the head of the  nsa  acknowledged he was stunned that ', 'be holding a lot more secrets. His last post was at the nsa , the national security agency facility in hawaii that is a hub for american spying and computer hacking on china and north korea as well as hong ', 'the  national security agency  has been collecting phone records from millions of americans under a top secret court order. "The guardian" broke the story ', 'the national security agency has been collecting phone records from millions of americans under a top secret court order. "The guardian" broke the story and jon ', 'the post," the  national security agency  is able to tap directly video chats. The  nsa  technically is capable the program called  prism  was established back reported on a separate  nsa  program which compiles Reporter: The  nsa  is spending $1 ', 'is mind-boggling. According to highly classified documents obtained by "the post," the national security agency is able to tap directly into the servers of nine big internet companies, extracting everything from photos and e-mails to web surfing to audio and video chats. The nsa technically is capable of pulling anything it wants. Reporter: It says the program called prism was established back in 2007 by the bush administration and continues today under president obama. A senior administration official tells abc news ', 'nonexistent. Reporter: It comes after "the guardian" newspaper reported on a separate nsa program which compiles phone records of millions of americans. This type of surveillance suggests that those rules of the road, so to speak, set down in the constitution respect necessarily being honored. Reporter: The nsa is spending $1.5 billion to construct this 1 million square-foot-data collection facility in utah. Some in congress including some top republicans say ', "continuously asked the  nsa  to provide information vast and massive the  nsa  is in terms of sweeping have top-secret  nsa  documents that there's what we reported.  Nsa  claims they have been filed by the  national security agency , have you been contacted ", "make sure they're not abusing their power. They have continuously asked the nsa to provide information about how americans they're spying on. And the nsa continuously tells them we can't give you rough estimates. With these documents publish show, marked top secret, was that the nsa keeps extremely precise statistics. All the data that the senators has asked for, that the nsa has falsely claimed doesn't exist. As you said, it indicates how vast and massive the nsa is in terms of sweeping up all forms of communication around the globe including domestically. You also drew new criticism yesterday from ", "we presented it as a story from the start. We have top-secret nsa documents that there's a new program called p.R.I.S.M. That provides collection directly from the servers of these companies. We then went to all of those companies named and they said no, we don't provide direct access to our servers. So, there was a conflict, which was what we reported. Nsa claims they have direct access to companies but they deny it. Agreements have been reached between these internet companies that store massive ", 'to evolve out of the  national security agency  is going to attempt thomas drake who was an  nsa  whistleblower who went constitution that the  nsa  violates. they were transnational spying by the  national security agency , the collection of ', "actually don't. I have represented people like thomas drake who was an nsa whistleblower who went through every conceivable internal channel possible including his boss, the inspector general of as I agency, the kolgs inspector ", 'and shooting the messenger, we should focus on the crimes of the nsa . Whatever laws snowden may or may not have broken, they e small compared to the two major surveillance laws and the fourth amendment of the constitution that the nsa violates. they were passed by congress and overseen by a court. Both are incorrect. Congress has not been fully informed. Only the ', 'yes or no whether the  national security agency  intercepts the telephone back in 1975. When the  nsa  was first discovered collecting being maintained by the  nsa , terrorists may be using 2012 letter, from the  nsa  to senator harry reid ', "This isn't a new debate. That was back in 1975. When the nsa was first discovered collecting information on americans. The debate back this week. We're joined to talk about it on the roundtable with ", "phones. If everybody knew that phone numbers are being maintained by the nsa , terrorists may be using pony express or smoke signals. Slow them down a little bit. Now, we're giving them a pass, give it fast through the internet. The second thing is, the accord that signs that gives and signs permission. There's 2012 letter, from the nsa to senator harry reid, there are 1,789 requests in calendar year 2012, of the 1,789 requests for authorization one was withdrawn by ", "Let me bring this to george will, almost 1500 reports from the nsa program made it into the president's daily briefing. They would indicate some use of this information. And we heard the chairs said ", "spokesperson said a crimes report has been filed. By the  National Security Agency  so you can bet there's going to be a full week investigation Greenwald this week today has had a news story about the  NSA  programs every single day. Since Wednesday and the ", "Intelligence a spokesperson said a crimes report has been filed. By the National Security Agency so you can bet there's going to be a full week investigation here I think you can also that there are going to be more. Revelations the guardian newspaper Glenn Greenwald -- -- -- this week today has had a news story about the NSA programs every single day. Since Wednesday and the the administration certainly is bracing for more and try to get out ahead of ", "We're gonna turn out of the hunt for Edwards noted in the former  NSA  contractor turned leak it is intensifying as his revelations about the US spy program keep coming. And this morning new perspective ", 'gonna turn out of the hunt for Edwards noted in the former NSA contractor turned leak -- it is intensifying as his revelations about the US spy program keep coming. And this morning new perspective ', "One the site manager told us. That we would getting a visit from an agent of the  National Security Agency  from the  NSA  from the  NSA  has very explicit. The  NSA  headquartered outside Washington DC is the country's most secret intelligence agency ", "That we would -- getting a visit from an agent of the National Security Agency from the NSA from the NSA has very explicit. The NSA headquartered outside Washington DC is the country's most secret intelligence agency. In charge of intercepting electronic communications around the world. Assigned the task of tracking this country's foreign enemies. And it was strange to me that the NSA would be. And -- -- -- office to Begin with his it was my understanding going back to the seventies. That they ", "of those things was the one guy who was cleared by the NSA . But Klein says for all the secrecy. AT&T technical documents describing the equipment and the secret room these documents and others were left lying about the area. So I picked them up I looked at him. And and then I almost fell out of my chair. Because it can't -- study is a -- I realized what they've done. Klein says the documents show how the NSA had installed what is known as a -- -- in the secret room. Connected to the trunk lines of sixteen other major ", 'confirms it was contacted by John -- -- -- -- and then NSA director Michael Hayden. Now the director of the CIA the decision to kill the story was made by then times editor dean ', 'surveillance powers given to the  National Security Agency  are only used to monitor post in Georgia run by the  NSA . The super secret  National Security Agency  and that the intercept operators Faulk worked at the same  NSA  facility until last November ', "US government. The Bush Administration has maintained surveillance powers given to the National Security Agency are only used to monitor terror suspects at a time of war. But now two former US intelligence operators have come forward telling ABC news day and others. Listened in on the private intimate phone calls of hundreds of American citizens here's our chief investigative correspondent Brian Ross. It was from here a huge listening post in Georgia run by the NSA . The super secret National Security Agency and that the -- intercept operators say they listened to the overseas private phone calls of American journalists humanitarian workers and soldiers ", 'With terrorism navy Arab linguist David Murphy Faulk worked at the same NSA facility until last November. Faulk says intimate calls became the source of office jokes. And at times when I was told. Hey ', "Voting rights, Paula Dean and the  NSA surveillance  program made up the week's headlines.", 'Augusta Georgia. Run by the  NSA . Super secret  National Security Agency . It is a place for two former linguist being assigned to the  NSA  facility at fort Gordon until her army commanders at the same  NSA  facility. 2001 to 2003 day ', 'world. A facility at fort Gordon in Augusta Georgia. Run by the NSA . Super secret National Security Agency . It is a place for two former intercept operators say Americans are being inspired. During phone calls to and from the Middle ', "David Murphy thought was a navy Arab linguist being assigned to the NSA facility at fort Gordon until a year ago. And when. One of my co workers went to a supervisor and said but sir these are either personal calls. The supervisor said my orders were to transcript everything. We are listening to. I'm a rock those -- the same mortars Arab linguist Adrienne Kinney says she got from her army commanders at the same NSA facility. -- 2001 to 2003 day. McKinney says she listened to hundreds of Americans simply calling their families Americans. In the Middle ", 'not have been doing for including me. In a book on the NSA to be published next week. Investigative journalist James Stanford recounts the stories of the two former intercept operators turned whistle blowers. For ']