["the Obama administration's  health care  law are being heard across the the private sector) said that  health care  is a unique market and that even bring the case. District Court  Judge Roger Vinson , the lower court judge who heard ", 'it attempts to make  health care  coverage more affordable constitutionality of the  health care  law were held in the by U.S. District  Judge Roger Vinson  of Florida that struck and voided the whole  health care  law. Vinson said the ', 'administration\'s  health care  law. Although appeals pay a tax penalty.  Judge Roger Vinson  of the U.S. District method of payment for  health care  services. "The tens of dollars in annual  health care  costs that people without ', 'the Obama-sponsored  health care  overhaul, the case brought judge, U.S. District  Judge Roger Vinson  of Florida, voided the entire  health care  law after declaring the Clement said of the  health care  dispute. "You have ', 'whether to put the  health care  dispute on a fast would confront the  health care  overhaul by next year S. District Court  Judge Roger Vinson  in a recent order clarifying also would gut the  health care  law passed last year ', 'from the mandates of the  health care  law as long as they provide Than Dozen States Oppose  Health Care  Law When the  health care  legislation was signed a individual mandate. One of them,  Judge Roger Vinson  in Florida, went as far ', 'Judge Vinson Clarifies Florida Ruling, Maintains That Entire Health Care  Law Is Unconstitutional', "ABC News' Ariane de Vogue reports: In a harshly worded opinion,  Judge Roger Vinson , the Florida federal judge who struck down the entire  health care  law in January, gave the Obama administration seven days from today to appeal ", "you support the Obama administration's  health care  law, but the Attorney General of your state federal court in January when one federal  judge ,  Roger Vinson , struck down the  health care  law. Vinson is currently considering whether ", 'ABC News Ariane de Voge reports: Federal  Judge Roger Vinson  is poised to issue an order this week clarifying the ruling he made on January 31, 2011 that struck down the entire  health care  law. Why does he need to clarify? Because the Obama administration ', 'After Repeal Fails in Senate, GOP Rep McMorris Rodgers Takes on Individual Mandate', 'taxpayers must purchase  health care  insurance by 2014 or latest assault on the  health care  bill, which was repealed effort to repeal the  health care  bill with a vote divided S. District Court  Judge Roger Vinson  declared that the individual ']