['Aaron Paul and Neil Patrick Harris anounce the nominations for the 2013 primetime emmy awards.', "when on hiatus, with my kids I wear all of them. That must really hurt. No. I mean, it's cartilage, it heals up fine. Okay, everybody, we want to thank  mayim bialik . Congratulations. Thank you. Go nowhere, I'm josh elliott.", "it's cartilage, it heals up fine. Okay, everybody, we want to thank mayim bialik . Congratulations. Thank you. Go nowhere, I'm josh elliott. ", 'spotlight with bulletin number of hit TV Including  the Big Bang theory  and the secret life of the American teenager. And thanks a lot with everything. And you can see her  Big Bang theory  and the new season the secret life of the American ', 'back in the spotlight with bulletin number of hit TV -- Including the Big Bang theory and the secret life of the American teenager. And she joins us -- talk about all the latest projects welcome back thank ', 'Every award winning actor  Jim Parsons  he is known for his over the top performances as Sheldon on  the Big Bang theory . But the most recent revelation about him is in fact quite understated. The New York Times profile Parsons for his role in the ', 'Every award winning actor Jim Parsons he is known for his over the top performances as Sheldon on the Big Bang theory . But the most recent revelation about him is in fact quite understated. The New York Times profile Parsons for his role in ', "entirely new identity that will never look like it did before you kids she kept her identity as an actress starring in  Big Bang theory  but at this moment I find myself craving human intimacy and physical contact. But it's a role she auditioned for ", "-- -- kids she kept her identity as an actress starring in Big Bang theory but at this moment I find myself craving human intimacy and physical contact. -- But it's a role she auditioned for between ", "I mean he's just an amazing amazing actor and he's just bodies this role. Up standing in his way is  Jim Parsons  from  the Big Bang theory  who won last year also Louis CK who is hilarious but probably just it still edgy. Four Emmy voters and ", "he's just -- bodies this role. Up standing in his way is Jim Parsons from the Big Bang theory who won last year also Louis CK who is hilarious but probably just -- it still edgy. Four Emmy voters and Alec ", "nowhere been around but this. Might be the year for  Jim Parsons  one lead actor in a comedy last year for  the Big Bang theory . He's nominated and. But it feels to me like this ", "nowhere -- been around but this. Might be the year for -- Jim Parsons one lead actor in a comedy last year for the Big Bang theory . He's nominated -- -- and. But it feels to me like this is a sort category includes. Could switch and could go ", 'Larry david, "curb your enthusiasm." And  jim parsons , " the big bang theory ." Now we\'ll complete the announcements by nominations in the comedy series category are --  the big bang theory . Curb your enthusiasm. Girls. Modern family ', 'Jon cryer, "two and half men." Larry david, "curb your enthusiasm." And jim parsons , " the big bang theory ." Now we\'ll complete the announcements by brinking back bruce rosenbloom. Here he is. Thanks, jimmy and kerry. The nominations in the comedy series category are -- the big bang theory . Curb your enthusiasm. Girls. Modern family. 30 rock. And veep. Kerry, jimmy, thank you so much for your participation this morning. You\'re ', "Relief. corral the office. Johnny go like he's  the Big Bang theory . Matt LeBlanc episodes. And  Jim Parsons the Big Bang theory . Melissa let's complete the announced announcements ", "Rock. Luis CK. Relief. -- corral the office. Johnny go like he's the Big Bang theory . Matt LeBlanc episodes. And Jim Parsons the Big Bang theory . Melissa let's complete the -- announced announcements pardon me by bringing back John -- to announce. The final category. -- that hello again the nominations in the comedy series category are. The Big Bang theory . -- Modern family. The office. Parks and recreation. And thirty Iraq. Miller says the academy congratulates you on your nomination and Joshua ", 'on to best actor in a comedy series of god  Jim Parsons  of  the Big Bang theory . Larry David of Curb Your Enthusiasm Matthew looking to shake it up. Maybe people go towards  Jim Parsons  has  Big Bang theory  not nominate for best comedy like that show ', 'sense now on to best actor in a comedy series of god Jim Parsons of the Big Bang theory . Larry David of Curb Your Enthusiasm Matthew Morrison of police Tony -- of monk Steve Correll from the office. Alec Baldwin of ', 'outstanding lead actor in a comedy series  Jim Parsons  Larry David Matthew Morrison to does on is fantastic but ago.  Jim Parsons  nominated for the second time for  Big Bang theory  and a lot of people behind the ', 'Tina Fey again. Our outstanding lead actor in a comedy series -- Jim Parsons Larry David Matthew Morrison to -- -- loop. Steve corral and Alec Baldwin and of course the heavyweight in this Alan Ball that went what do you think. Yet you know what again I think if you ask me this the last five years -- simple Alec Baldwin 30 Rock take your -- home. But -- way to go out on a little bit of a limb here not even get a pass -- Matthew Morrison who I think deserves it more than anybody because. You know will Shuster in in the songs that he sees what he does on -- is fantastic but -- ago. -- -- -- -- -- Jim Parsons nominated for the second time for Big Bang theory and a lot of people behind the scenes were thinking he was gonna win last year. I think this might be his ']