['84. Actor Geoffrey Lewis is 78. Actress  Susan Flannery  (" The Bold and the Beautiful ") is 74. Singer Lobo is 70. Singer Gary Club) is 45. Actress Jennifer Gareis (" The Bold and the Beautiful ") is 43. Actress Tempestt Bledsoe is ', 'stopped working since, appearing on everything from "Ally McBeal" to "Boston Legal" to the daytime soap " The Bold and the Beautiful ." At 91, she\'s showing no signs of slowing down. She has another hit series, "Hot in Cleveland," and ', 'alter ego Lisa Turtle, but she did find mild success on the soap opera circuit on "Days of Our Lives" and " The Bold and the Beautiful ." She also scored stints on "The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air," "Star Trek: Deep Space Nine," and "In ', '" The Bold and the Beautiful " actress Joanna Johnson has come out of the closet. The 50-year-old It\'s time to live a fully authentic life." Johnson\'s " Bold and the Beautiful " character is currently involved in a lesbian relationship ', '(ABC)  Jack Wagner  , the popular soap opera star and singer, was eliminated on has starred in soap operas including "General Hospital" and " The Bold and the Beautiful ," and also topped the music charts with the memorable 1980s hit ', 'its run. He landed a role in "Step by Step," and continued to act in television movies. He had a run on " The Bold and the Beautiful ," and appeared in the movie "You Again." Linda Gray/Sue Ellen Ewing Gray, 71, was already a television ', 'the Stars ." Actor  Jack Wagner  of "Melrose Place at 8/7c on ABC.  Jack Wagner  Star of "General Hospital joined the company of " The Bold and the Beautiful ." In his spare time benefits from "The  Jack Wagner  Celebrity Golf Classic ', 'alter ego Lisa Turtle, but she did find mild success on the soap opera circuit on "Days of Our Lives" and " The Bold and the Beautiful ." She also scored stints on "The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air," "Star Trek: Deep Space Nine," and "In ', 'role in "Step by Step," and continued to act in television movies. Now 61, he recently ended a run on " The Bold and the Beautiful ," and had a role in the movie "You Again." Linda Gray/Sue Ellen Ewing Linda Gray. Gray was already ensconced ', 'role in "Step by Step," and continued to act in television movies. Now 61, he recently ended a run on " The Bold and the Beautiful ," and has a role in the movie "You Again," currently in release. Linda Gray/Sue Ellen Ewing Linda Gray ', 'alter ego Lisa Turtle, but she did find mild success on the soap opera circuit on "Days of Our Lives" and " The Bold and the Beautiful ." She also scored stints on "The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air," "Star Trek: Deep Space Nine," and "In ', 'in another series "Renegade" for five seasons before returning to the soaps, this time the daytime drama " The Bold and the Beautiful ." His personal life also plays like a soap opera. Lamas, now 52, has been married four times and has six ', 'businessmen in the Middle East; Countess Vanessa Kosta Pomponi from Monte Carlo, and actor Daniel McVicar from  The Bold and the Beautiful . The homepage, or "Lobby," plays classical music entitled "Beautiful Day" and displays online users at ', 'order, "th  bold and the beautiful ," cbs series.  Susan flannery  of the " the bold and the beautiful ," please not least,  heather tom  of the " the bold and the beautiful ." Good restless,"  katherine kelly lang  of the " the bold and the beautiful " and arianne ', 'actresses. Are you ready. Nominated for lead actress in a drama series. Susan flannery of the " the bold and the beautiful ," please hold your applause, lara. Bad girl. peggy McCay from "days of our lives," michelle stafford in "the young and the restless" and last but not least, heather tom of the " the bold and the beautiful ." Good luck, ladies. And now for the men of daytime tv. Yeah, there you go. No. Really, again? No way I\'m following ', 'and the restless," jessica collins from the "the young and the restless," katherine kelly lang of the " the bold and the beautiful " and arianne sucker of "days of our lives." She\'s been a long time -- first nomination. This is a big one. This ']