['is 43. Actor Tom Green is 42. Drummer Brad Hargreaves of Third Eye Blind is 42. Actress Christine Taylor (" The Brady Bunch  Movie") is 42. Comedian Dean Edwards ("Saturday Night Live") is 40. Actress Hilary Swank is 39. Actress Jaime ', 'set of twins and a teenager the couple takes in as a foster child. It\'s a far cry from "The Cosby Show" and " The Brady Bunch "-type sitcoms that Lopez herself watched as a kid. "Definitely the shows I grew up with were not like this ', 'American astronaut Neil Armstrong becomes the first man to set foot on the moon. 8. Sept. 26, 1969: The premiere of " The Brady Bunch ." 9. Jan 22-23, 1970: The Boeing 747 jumbo jet makes its first commercial flight, from New York to London ', 'marriage,  Susan Olsen , who played sitcom " The Brady Bunch ," said on-screen dad  Robert Reed  had been including  Florence Henderson , who played show, and  Barry Williams , who played respect for  Robert Reed  and compassion ', 'Florence Henderson  says she wanted her " Brady Bunch " character to Carol Brady on " The Brady Bunch " had a lot had been up to  Florence Henderson , the actress Henderson said. " The Brady Bunch " was more progressive ', 'pretty much any kind of household chores ... it\'s all maids work," she said. "I\'m thinking Alice from  the  \' Brady Bunch .\'" Borrett, who has a 3-year-old daughter, said her client base is diverse. "There\'ve been a lot of business ', 'YouTube Former " Brady Bunch " actress  Maureen McCormick  has a personal connection to Davy Jones, the member of The Monkees who died Wednesday of a heart attack at the age of 66. He ', 'well. He memorably appeared in a 1971 episode of " The Brady Bunch " in which Marcia Brady convinces him to perform at her high school prom. He also did a cameo in the 1995 " Brady Bunch  Movie."', "that Blomkvist is staying on the same island that's home to the entire Vanger family - and these people are hardly  the Brady Bunch  (especially the Nazi family members). Before long, Blomkvist discovers Harriet may have been the victim of a serial ", 'perhaps not so much. This one I loved. Having watched  Florence Henderson  as Mrs. Carol Brady on  THE BRADY Bunch  when I was a teenager, she was like the second mother ', 'Anderson won the role of Mary at age 11 after appearing in several television commercials and guest starring on " The Brady Bunch ." She left "Little House" in 1982 and appeared in a few television series, including "The Equalizer" and "Murder ', 'relationship ran its course." Adrienne Curry and  Christopher Knight  Reality-TV fans everywhere were rooting for this contestant and Knight, who played Peter Brady in " The Brady Bunch ," first met as housemates on the VH1 series "The ', "creator producer and writer of  the Brady Bunch  and his son Lloyd Schwartz who off that mr. Schwartz created  the Brady Bunch  in the late sixties a little what do you think it was about  the Brady Bunch  that's. That remains appealing ", "the scoop on here is whether they're really was any affair between Florence Henderson and Barry Williams of course click drag. It is mind there was yeah it is my. Yeah because then he he he took her out ", 'night to  the Brady Bunch  song. But dance for  Florence Henderson  and her partner Angeles are  Florence Henderson  and Corky girls are big  Brady Bunch  and they you about  the Brady Bunch  theme song dancing to  the Brady Bunch  theme. And got to have  Barry Williams  of course ', 'that was found grace week after week and tangled Monday night to the Brady Bunch song. But it turned out to be the last dance for Florence Henderson and her partner Corky ballas who were eliminated from Dancing With The Stars last night -- -- the moment. -- with the lowest overall combined total and therefore leaving. Right now. Florence and Courtney. And joining us now from Los Angeles are Florence Henderson and Corky ballas good morning T a -- in Florence. -- -- was upset about this little girls are big Brady Bunch -- and they have all the dvds and and I got to say I was surprised because you were not lowest. On ', "-- but that. -- -- let me. Let me ask you about the Brady Bunch theme song it was really important you to dance -- that was -- Yes it -- -- -- I could imagine having TV theme week and not dancing to the Brady Bunch theme. And I was glad to do that because you know -- dedicated to Robert reads. And and who is Mike Brady. And he died of aids and and it was very important to me to be -- dance to admit that theme song and -- dedicated to him. And you also got to have Barry Williams of course who played -- Thank you know you're very coy about your relationship. With Greg can you tell us how do ", "with the audience. And and then I talk about  the Brady Bunch  and how it came about global global box and then that's the way and they all maintained that  Brady Bunch  months Don  Brady Bunch . That's the way and  Brady .  Bunch .", "up to Q&A with the audience. And and then I talk about the Brady Bunch and how it came about global global box and then I say an honor that little -- I'd like to ask all of you now to join me and singing our National -- They all know every word. That's kind of weird. Everybody that's the way and they all maintained that Brady Bunch -- -- -- months Don Brady Bunch That's the way -- -- and Brady Bunch ", "played Peter Michael looking in Atlanta who played Bobby  Susan Olsen  Cindy Lloyd Schwartz the producer directors. Of the show these questions out of first of all. Your mom your TV mom  Florence Henderson  is on dancing she's gonna win well. Everybody bet on ", "Knight who played Peter Michael looking -- in Atlanta who played Bobby Susan Olsen Cindy Lloyd Schwartz the producer directors. Of the show and the co author of the brand new book Brady Brady Greg Brady written by his dad sure what he shows like can I do read my mother came up at the time. It was perfect -- Ukrainian -- Mars and Marcia Marcia Marcia Brady Brady Brady -- about a lot Obama Lloyd Lloyd Lloyd but -- Look at you know you're -- to you don't get to these questions out of -- first of all. Your mom your TV mom Florence Henderson is on dancing -- -- she's gonna win -- well. Everybody bet on floor and you love for her you -- -- ", "the country grew up watching  Christopher Knight  on  the Brady Bunch . But today he's bringing used to being asked about  the Brady Bunch  do you keep in touch with equivalent of a show like  the Brady Bunch  shell out there that you can ", "Is -- families all around the country grew up watching Christopher Knight on the Brady Bunch . But today he's bringing people together again with his brand new project Trivial Pursuit America plays -- -- based on the mega ", "your past right now I mean you're used to being asked about the Brady Bunch do you keep in touch with everyone we're like family absolutely that -- just last week I got together. On two different ", "think right now is the modern day equivalent of a show like the Brady Bunch -- -- shell out there that you can globally. It's not I mean I think that heads it's hard to. Put. In ", "Actress  Florence Henderson  is talking about her run in with crabs. And it wasn't on a very Brady vacation and her new tell all memoir Henderson writes ", "Actress Florence Henderson is talking about her run in with crabs. And it wasn't on a very Brady vacation and her new tell all memoir ", "Brady pretty. Complete story of  the Brady Bunch  ever talk about that would Lloyd memory lane It's still. When  the Brady Bunch  debuted in 1969. It was a new and roll. After five seasons  the Brady Bunch  Cartoons TV movies and feature ", "a great book and it's called Brady Brady pretty. Complete story of the Brady Bunch ever talk about that would Lloyd in some of the cast and a sex act. The first let's take a trip down memory lane -- -- It's still. When the Brady Bunch debuted in 1969. It was a new kind of story the sitcom about a woman and her three daughters. Uniting with the ", "showed off the Brady's ability the rock and roll. After five seasons the Brady Bunch -- Cartoons TV movies and feature films would follow. But for die hard fans those original episodes remain this stuff but television "]