['First Lady dropped in on  Ellen  DeGeneres in Los Angeles and it was time to get physical challenged mrs. Obama will push up contest check this out. The first ', 'First Lady dropped in on Ellen DeGeneres in Los Angeles and it was time to get physical -- challenged mrs. Obama will push up contest check this out. ', 'thank you, george. We have two categories, first outstanding talk show in entertainment and the nominees ARE " THE ellen DeGeneres show , "live with kelly and michael," "the talk" and "the view." Outstanding talk show the nominees are ', 'two categories, first outstanding talk show in entertainment and the nominees ARE " THE ellen DeGeneres show "live with kelly and michael," "the talk" and "the view." Outstanding talk show the nominees are -- ? Wait. That was for ', "In today's tech AOL and  Ellen  DeGeneres are teaming up the web site for the comedians talk show. We'll share traffic contests and promotions with sites ", "In today's tech -- AOL and Ellen DeGeneres are teaming up the web site for the comedians talk show. We'll share traffic contests and promotions with -- -- sites. ", 'Gomez was a little more tight lipped Thursday referring to both the beans and her own very public problems on  the Ellen DeGeneres show  titles I and just the night before her accused stalker 46 year old Thomas brought Was released from jail charges ', 'referring to both the beans and her own very public problems on the Ellen DeGeneres show titles -- -- -- I -- and just the night before her accused stalker 46 year old Thomas brought -- Was released ', "one interview during Wallace on the stands and she's  The Ellen DeGeneres show  apparently as the place debut and fashion and show some of the spread on  Ellen 's show foreseeable block out that. Naughty bits and ", "to do one interview during Wallace on the stands and she's -- The Ellen DeGeneres show apparently as the place -- debut and fashion and show some of the spread on Ellen's show foreseeable block out that. Naughty bits and all that good stuff but Villaraigosa Lindsey think we should see how -- do ", 'article Maybe a couple of pictures are a couple PG photos and clothing fielder Playboy spread this Thursday on  the Ellen DeGeneres show  but last week the cover leaked on the Internet. And by Friday the whole spread was on the web. Prompting Hugh ', 'PG photos and clothing -- -- fielder Playboy spread this Thursday on the Ellen DeGeneres show but last week the cover leaked on the Internet. And by Friday the whole spread was on the web. Prompting Hugh Hefner ', "everything that's how about a new car. 100000. Dollar electric sports car that's manager scooter brawn on  the Ellen DeGeneres show  Thursday. The whole episode in honor of thieves coming of age. And reportedly Bieber has already household according ", "car. 100000. Dollar electric sports car that's -- manager scooter brawn on the Ellen DeGeneres show Thursday. The whole episode in honor of thieves coming of age. And reportedly Bieber has already household according to DMZ he has ", "questions about his very public divorce Russell Brand finally opened up about his failed marriage to Katy Perry on  the Ellen DeGeneres show  Thursday confessing he will always love the life. And how you I'm all right thank you because I mean but the ", "Brand finally opened up about his failed marriage to Katy Perry on the Ellen DeGeneres show Thursday confessing he will always love the -- life. And how -- you -- I'm all right thank you because I mean ", "Mount Paramount on an outline My own he went home Anderson Cooper is not laughing at and it's even anger visited  the Ellen DeGeneres show  this week to speak out against and he took aim at bonds upcoming movie that dilemma and makes claims ladies and ", "is not laughing at -- -- -- and it's even anger visited the Ellen DeGeneres show this week to speak out against -- -- and he took aim at bonds upcoming movie that dilemma and makes -- -- ", "Brooklyn they attended a Saturday live taping together as well. And hear that she's going to be appearing on  the Ellen DeGeneres show  she taped it it's going to be airing on Monday and apparently grilled her about this reported romance played ", "as well. And -- hear that she's going to be appearing on the Ellen DeGeneres show she taped it it's going to be airing on Monday and apparently grilled her about this reported -- romance played -- -- ", "Crystal Palin told  Ellen  DeGeneres that she doesn't think her ex boyfriend Levi Johnston is qualified to run for mayor of Wasilla. An interview on  the Ellen DeGeneres show  she told her she doesn't think knows what he's getting himself ", "Crystal Palin told Ellen DeGeneres that she doesn't think her ex boyfriend Levi Johnston -- is qualified to run for mayor of Wasilla. An interview on the Ellen DeGeneres show she told her she doesn't think -- knows what he's getting himself into. Levi's running for mayor is that right yes okay. ", "bourgeois known as twins impressive even in the hometown of turf dancing. They were fresh off an appearance on  the Ellen DeGeneres show  in Los Angeles. Showing the host who's got the real moved. dancing has yet to be packaged in commercialized ", "the hometown of turf dancing. They were fresh off an appearance on the Ellen DeGeneres show in Los Angeles. Showing the host who's got the real moved. -- dancing has yet to be packaged in commercialized that may ", 'menace that the had never met until they randomly ran into each other in a parking garage. Aniston appeared on  the Ellen DeGeneres show  and shared the story with Alan. So pulled up those sort of like this we were scooping each other out as I was ', 'randomly ran into each other in a parking garage. Aniston appeared on the Ellen DeGeneres show and shared the story with Alan. So -- pulled up those sort of like this we were -- -- scooping each other ', "And China has its own pint sized King of Pop four year old Wang name is the youngest Michael Jackson impersonator. He's already wowed audiences across the globe. Performing at venues like  the Ellen DeGeneres show . And Shanghai's world acts that his mother called him I'm born.", "impersonator. He's already wowed audiences across the globe. Performing at venues like the Ellen DeGeneres show And Shanghai's world acts that his mother called him I'm -- born. ", "we've got Billie Jean King. In this we're gonna have some dancing some little being we've got DJ Tony from  the Ellen DeGeneres show . That's do some stuff and if that's not enough you can go to the music stage and just have some fun with ", "gonna have some dancing some little being we've got DJ Tony from the Ellen DeGeneres show That's -- do some stuff -- and if that's not enough you can go to the music stage and just have some ", "Senator John McCain made his first appearance on  the Ellen DeGeneres show  chatted up the senator about having a sense of humor You'll walk me down Leon ounces at least. And have  Ellen  teased McCain about whether He would consider walking ", "Senator John McCain made his first appearance on the Ellen DeGeneres show -- chatted up the senator about having a sense of humor about his age and the California supreme court's recent decision to ", 'Klestil to Jenna Bush who recent with mother Laura Bush on  the Ellen DeGeneres show  and while on the program. Pago often the family ranch in Texas to to generous and intends to marry the Portia de Rossi. Lessons ', 'recent -- -- -- -- -- with -- mother Laura Bush on the Ellen DeGeneres show and while on the program. Pago often the family ranch in Texas to -- to generous and intends to marry -- the ', "much about the popularity too much about the talk show circuit take a look a little bit of a look at him at on  the Ellen DeGeneres show  dancing. The other day and take a look at this this is what they're talking about yes very popular people like ", "a look a little bit of a look at him at on the Ellen DeGeneres show dancing. The other day and take a look at this this is what they're talking about yes very popular -- people like ", "year's Oscar come. On Sunday night  Ellen  DeGeneres will be the host. If you watch your show  the Ellen DeGeneres show  she talks about her life list the see some really cool hand made  Ellen  DeGeneres inside the ship for some ", "Continuing to get ready for this year's Oscar come. On Sunday night Ellen DeGeneres will be the host. If you watch your show the Ellen DeGeneres show she talks about her life list the things that she wants to accomplish like learning how to. Use a computer and -- "]