['ABC News Dowd: CPAC is like  the  \' Flintstones \' and the \'Land Before Time\' DOWD: To me imagery Land Before Time." And it\'s like going to a " Flintstones " episode in my view. It\'s like a bunch of dinosaurs ', 'younger brother of actor Alec Baldwin who became a star in his own right in movies like "Bio-Dome" and as  Barney  Rubble in " The Flintstones  in Viva Rock Vegas" before becoming a born-again Christian after the terrorist attacks of Sept. 11 ', 'Dreams." Baldwin, the younger brother of actor Alec Baldwin, is best known for "Bio-Dome" and playing  Barney  Rubble in " The Flintstones  in Viva Rock Vegas." The Associated Press and ABC News\' Barbara Garcia, Matt Gutman and Sheila Marikar ', 'Dreams." Baldwin, the younger brother of actor Alec Baldwin, is best known for "Bio-Dome" and playing  Barney  Rubble in " The Flintstones  in Viva Rock Vegas." Costner has been working on the centrifugal device in question for more than 15 years ', "and plenty of other cartoon-related phrases dominated Google's list of hot searches. On Facebook, images of  the Flintstones , Thundercats, the Smurfs and other classic cartoon characters are taking over users' news feeds. According to the ", "and plenty of other cartoon-related phrases dominated Google's list of hot searches. On Facebook, images of  the Flintstones , Thundercats, the Smurfs and other classic cartoon characters are taking over users' news feeds. According to the ", 'independent company." (Stone also, incidentally, discusses how his name sounds like it belongs to a character on " The Flintstones .") I know, I know: Bloggers are entitled to break news as much as traditional journalists these days. But when ', "Game writer Marc Saltzman offers a few worthy games. For the racing fan Cro-Mag Rally Consider it a cross between  The Flintstones  and Formula 1. You're a speed-thirsty caveman (or cavewoman) racing prehistoric vehicles through deserts, jungles ", 'on amusement park rides ("Pirates of the Caribbean"), toys ("Transformers") and children\'s cartoons (" The Flintstones "), a movie centered on a board game should come as no surprise. Yet, the announcement of the Hasbro deal has some ', 'smirking when they made this," Silver says. "It meant a lot to them. It showed them that animation wasn\'t just " The Flintstones ." You could push the envelope." Of course, envelope-pushing isn\'t typically Hollywood\'s style, and anime ', 'sending tiny little robots and tiny little rockets to the moon. FredNet: No, they are not  the Flintstones  of space travel, but they are close.  Fred  Bourgeois III, Richard Core and Dan Smith want to bring the open source model to space travel ', 'parents and children alike. " The Flintstones ," for example, ran at early clip, for example,  Fred Flintstone  and his wife,  Wilma , act in a cigarette commercial owns "Tom and Jerry" and " The Flintstones ," is removing selected ', 'all-male fraternal groups. Television parodies, like those seen on "The Honeymooners" and the absurd rituals of " The Flintstones \'" Royal Order of Water Buffaloes, did little to enhance the reputation of fraternal groups. "It became less fashionable ', 'Yogi Bear in  the Flintstones  to Scooby the time  the Flintstones  was named children.  Fred  and even with the  stone age  setting it From the  stone age  they move constant. Soon  Hanna Barbera  and one of hints of  Fred Flintstones  in homer ', 'on -- of that. And unlike nearly all cartoons at the time the Flintstones was named as much an adult says that children. Fred and -- even sold cigarettes. The beauty part was with the stone age setting it had all those visual gags. That. Instead of putting the needle on a record player would be the peak of some bird. That would act as the needle on the record player. Everything was linked in some way to prehistoric jokes. From the stone age they move to the spaces. But the comedy -- American family life remained constant. Soon Hanna Barbera and one of the most profitable franchises in television. Later their work influenced far -- cartoons. You can see hints of Fred Flintstones in homer. The Simpsons even paid homage in this spoof yeah. And the -- barbaric influence. -- I think that all of the contemporary hit animated primetime shows such as the Simpsons and South Park although there. Origination. -- there -- Genesis to the legacy of Hanna Barbera who singlehandedly. Pretty much invented the genre. -- enormous body of work lives on in living rooms around the world. And certainly. ', "here's ABC's Brian Rooney. Before there was  Fred Flintstones  and before Yogi Bear and there was Benedict literally. Tall. They're dying. For  the Flintstones  cartoon sitcom about a  stone age  family he designed the granite house. And ", "his work we love it here's ABC's Brian Rooney. Before there was Fred Flintstones and before Yogi Bear and there was -- Benedict. -- character designer and animator who created some of the greats of animation top cat. Huckleberry -- in the 1950s he moved animated characters beyond the -- depression era style into the more instant world of television. Clear. More dark ally more bang literally not a -- literally. Tall. They're dying. For the Flintstones cartoon sitcom about a stone age family he designed the granite house. And the foot powered car -- -- let you inside outside his drawings he canes and ", "2, I wanted-- i-i was sitting in front of the tv, drawing fred flintstones ... Really? Woody woodpeckers, and at age 7, I'm running around like a crazy person doing voices, but at the same time, I ", "he took a conversation from this week's episode of the real housewives of Atlanta and combined it old episode. Of  the Flintstones . The answer. We go now to the videotape. It's being yeah it is anybody sitting in this day day in and makes yeah ", "the real housewives of Atlanta and combined it -- old episode. Of the Flintstones . The answer. We go now to the videotape. -- -- -- -- -- It's being -- yeah it is anybody sitting in ", 'World News: New Defense Secretary; Missing Climbers; Basketbrawl; Regifting Horror Stories', 'Legendary cartoonist Joseph Barbera has died he is half of  Hanna Barbera  animation duo. Teaming up with bill Hanna to produce a string of hit characters including bear  the Flintstones  and Tom and Jerry. Barrett died of natural causes ', 'Rio. Legendary cartoonist Joseph Barbera has died he is half of -- Hanna Barbera animation duo. Teaming up with bill Hanna to produce a string of hit characters including -- bear the Flintstones and Tom and Jerry. -- Barrett died of natural causes at his home in Los Angeles he was 95 years of me. ', "compact communities truly withstood the test to tell him. 121000. New student town of that there repeats history was  Fred  and  Wilma  and you know yet  Barney  Rubble. And yet you don't had a a dinosaur for people. And who doesn't like those aren't back. You know it's ", "of that -- there repeats history -- -- -- was -- -- Fred and Wilma and you know yet Barney Rubble. And yet you don't had a a dinosaur -- -- for people. And who doesn't like those aren't back. You know ", 'the man who brought  Fred Flintstones  and Yogi Bear to life Before there was  Fred Flintstones  and before Yogi Bear Tall. The dying. For  the Flintstones  cartoon sitcom about a  stone age  family he designed ', "legendary animators were gonna celebrate the work of the man who brought Fred Flintstones and Yogi Bear to life. And at the end of the webcast what it's like choosing the photos of the most beautiful ", "his work we love it here's ABC's Brian Rooney. Before there was Fred Flintstones and before Yogi Bear and there was -- Benedict. -- character designer and animator who created some of the greats of animation top cat. Huckleberry Hound in the 1950s he moved animated characters beyond the -- depression era style into the more instant world of television. Clear. More ally. More bang literally I'm not -- cluttered literally. Tall. The dying. For the Flintstones cartoon sitcom about a stone age family he designed the granite house and the foot powered car. I'll let you inside pops -- his drawings he -- and "]