['Debris covers the ground after a powerful tornado ripped through neighborhoods Monday in Moore, Oklahoma.', '(CNN) -- As Moore, Oklahoma, struggles to regain its footing under the public spotlight, journalists from CNN are among those sharing online images of the devastation of a deadly tornado, as well as the rescue and recovery efforts there.', "But they're not alone. From rescue workers like the Red Cross to the Oklahoma County Sheriff's office to the governor of the state, regular citizens are taking to social media to share, as well, helping paint the picture of a tragedy that has captivated and saddened a nation.", 'Here is our roundup of social media images and messages coming out of Moore -- both from our own staff and others. Let us know of any other social media accounts providing good information in the comments.', "Heavy storms and tornadoes once again ripped through the Midwest. Already devastated areas of Oklahoma were hit again, and this time the damage spread to neighboring states. Here's how you can help.", 'Families share memories and snapshots of those we lost in the Oklahoma tornado devastation.', "The Oklahoma medical examiner's office says 18 people in that state were killed in the storms. The office has released the names of 11.", 'They chased tornadoes not so much for the thrill, but in the hope that their research might help people avoid the fate to which they succumbed last week. ', "A menacing tornado churned behind Mike Eilts as the storm chaser's truck sped away.", 'Why do people in Tornado Alley keep rebuilding and staying in place after storms rip through? People from Moore share their reasons why.', "It's one of the most familiar pieces of advice from authorities to people in the path of a tornado: Get into your basement. ", "On Sunday, a mystery photograph fluttered from the sky and landed near Leslie Hagelberg's mailbox in West Tulsa, Oklahoma. ", 'The tornado spanned 1.3 miles -- the length of more than 22 football fields lined up end-to-end -- carved a 17-mile path of destruction.', "Second-grade teacher Tammy Glasgow walks around what's left of Briarwood Elementary, struggling to pick out of its wreckage the things that once made a school.", 'It was the end of the school day. The kids at Plaza Towers Elementary School were stuffing their backpacks, looking forward to going home, playing with friends, eating snacks.', 'The "Tri-State Tornado" killed 695 people and injured 2,027, traveling more than 300 miles.']