['bucket list" of dreams and goals, including running a successful campaign that got her an appearance on " The Ellen DeGeneres Show ." Talia Joy was extraordinarily wise and mature and was straight-forward when she updated her followers on ', 'at People magazine told ABC News in March. Mayer finally confirmed the breakup during an April appearance on " The Ellen DeGeneres Show " but did not divulge details. "Listen, it was a very private relationship going in. It was a private relationship ', 'the years . Now under the care of her grandmother, 83-year-old Katherine Jackson, Paris has appeared on " The Ellen DeGeneres Show ," where she spoke of her desire to become an actress, and granted an interview to Oprah Winfrey, where she ', 'the years . Now under the care of her grandmother, 83-year-old Katherine Jackson, Paris has appeared on " The Ellen DeGeneres Show ," where she spoke of her desire to become an actress, and granted an interview to Oprah Winfrey, where she ', "and her younger cousin/hype woman, Rosie, a spot on  The Ellen Show  , where they performed their rendition of Minaj's song after a few more celebrity - studded appearances on  Ellen 's show, Sophia Grace's (and, to a lesser extent ", 'record straight on rumors that Jaden was seeking to become an emancipated minor during an appearance today on " The Ellen DeGeneres Show ." "See, here\'s the thing that you need to understand: I\'m not going anywhere," Jaden told DeGeneres ', 'Jessica Simpson as "sexual napalm," stayed uncharacteristically tight-lipped about his personal life on " The Ellen DeGeneres Show " airing Tuesday. "It was a very private relationship going in, it was a very private relationship during ', 'her own public campaign, giving interviews, starting a Change.org online petition and even appearing on " The Ellen DeGeneres Show ." The petition received more than 100,000 signatures. When that didn\'t work, she emailed the Archbishop ', 'said in the statement. Cous Cous was raised at the preserve from 8 weeks old, and even made an appearance on " The Ellen DeGeneres Show " when he was a cub. Cat Haven was founded in 1993 and is run by Project Survival, a privately funded education ', 'attack. Cous Cous had been raised at the preserve since he was 8 weeks old, and even made an appearance on " The Ellen DeGeneres Show " when he was a cub. Cat Haven was founded in 1993 and is run by Project Survival, a privately funded education ', 'Lea Michele Favorite Dramatic TV Actor Nathan Fillion Favorite Dramatic TV Actress  Ellen  Pompeo Favorite Daytime TV Host  Ellen  DeGeneres, " The Ellen DeGeneres Show " Favorite Late Night Talk Show Host Jimmy Fallon Favorite New Talk Show Host Steve ', 'Credit: " The Ellen DeGeneres Show ." Bradley Cooper may have been passed he\'s scored the award for best prank on  Ellen  DeGeneres. The "Silver Linings Playbook one, not two, but five nipples on " Ellen " Tuesday. Cooper revealed a third ', 'were not allowed to ask Selena Gomez about her private life, but then, to promote the same movie, she appeared on  The Ellen Show  , happily discussing her relationship to Canadian pop superstar Justin Bieber . And that is just one example of how ', 'out of her schedule taping on  the Ellen DeGeneres show . But after turning in an impressive in her first solo interview on  the Ellen show  with poise and charm beyond her and there was a exchange with  Ellen  where she said you know I knew ', "minute replacement after Lindsay Lohan dropped out of her schedule taping on the Ellen DeGeneres show But after turning in an impressive interview will likely be her last as anyone's -- -- is already being called a star. It's. Boarding a Fedora and a purple streak in her hair. Paris Jackson opened up in her first solo interview on the Ellen -- show with poise and charm beyond her thirteen years. Going to be in a movie is this something -- -- he ", 'First Lady dropped in on  Ellen  DeGeneres in Los Angeles and it was time to get physical challenged mrs. Obama will push up contest check this out. The first ', 'First Lady dropped in on Ellen DeGeneres in Los Angeles and it was time to get physical -- challenged mrs. Obama will push up contest check this out. ', 'thank you, george. We have two categories, first outstanding talk show in entertainment and the nominees ARE " THE ellen DeGeneres show , "live with kelly and michael," "the talk" and "the view." Outstanding talk show the nominees are ', 'two categories, first outstanding talk show in entertainment and the nominees ARE " THE ellen DeGeneres show "live with kelly and michael," "the talk" and "the view." Outstanding talk show the nominees are -- ? Wait. That was for ', "In today's tech AOL and  Ellen  DeGeneres are teaming up the web site for the comedians talk show. We'll share traffic contests and promotions with sites ", "In today's tech -- AOL and Ellen DeGeneres are teaming up the web site for the comedians talk show. We'll share traffic contests and promotions with -- -- sites. ", 'Gomez was a little more tight lipped Thursday referring to both the beans and her own very public problems on  the Ellen DeGeneres show  titles I and just the night before her accused stalker 46 year old Thomas brought Was released from jail charges ', 'referring to both the beans and her own very public problems on the Ellen DeGeneres show titles -- -- -- I -- and just the night before her accused stalker 46 year old Thomas brought -- Was released ', "one interview during Wallace on the stands and she's  The Ellen DeGeneres show  apparently as the place debut and fashion and show some of the spread on  Ellen 's show foreseeable block out that. Naughty bits and ", "to do one interview during Wallace on the stands and she's -- The Ellen DeGeneres show apparently as the place -- debut and fashion and show some of the spread on Ellen's show foreseeable block out that. Naughty bits and all that good stuff but Villaraigosa Lindsey think we should see how -- do ", 'article Maybe a couple of pictures are a couple PG photos and clothing fielder Playboy spread this Thursday on  the Ellen DeGeneres show  but last week the cover leaked on the Internet. And by Friday the whole spread was on the web. Prompting Hugh ', 'PG photos and clothing -- -- fielder Playboy spread this Thursday on the Ellen DeGeneres show but last week the cover leaked on the Internet. And by Friday the whole spread was on the web. Prompting Hugh Hefner ']