["do. And you and me.  Betty White  may be 88 and a half decades of making us laugh  Betty white 's career isn't just were with. B Andrew on  the golden girls  always that was that what you think about  Betty White  and what she should ", "to have so much fun when you were with. B Andrew on the golden girls always that was that was -- of wonderful. Kenyon. To lose lose any recently with just. -- that -- I just can't ", "year of the senior if it first  Betty White  started the Super Bowls most popular Thank you. Diane. And remember  the golden girls  Plainfield IH we'll see it destroys growing. At 88 years of age actress  Betty White  is red And Selling and hosting ", "turning out to be the year of the senior if it first Betty White started the Super Bowls most popular commercial. And last week she -- Saturday Night Live -- an American -- Buzz Aldrin. He tripped the light fantastic on dancing with the stars and now people of a certain age have their own yes reality show thinking neighbor -- found out why retirement. It's definitely not what it used to be. Thank you. Diane. And remember the golden girls -- -- -- Plainfield IH we'll see it destroys you clutch at brash -- Believe that expanding -- And brazen old gals ", "Hello is this  Betty White  star of stage screen is an entire country  Betty White  fans. All that ridiculous tell me what you and  Betty White  do it added. Berger favorite moment and in  golden girls  to have one. there's ", "Hello is this Betty White star of stage screen and a super ball. We have where I don't know. I am so we're very excited about this ", "lo and behold it turns out that this is an entire country Betty White fans. All that ridiculous. Figure -- ladies -- It. Well the tell me just tell under the U powering to. All I'm ", "middle management. Moments and critical. Not tell me what you -- and Betty White do it added. Berger an ugly. One week pre. And and what is your favorite moment and in golden girls to have one. -- there's a lot -- that -- might. It -- so that I liked her. Maybe ten years or ", '9834; yes, two decades after they left the airwaves in america, the dutch are doing their own version of " the golden girls " and for that we say thank you for being a friend. Thank you, america, for choosing this week. We loved it ', 'the airwaves in america, the dutch are doing their own version of " the golden girls and for that we say thank you for being a friend. Thank you, america, for choosing this week. We loved it. And ', 'And Emmy award winning actress  Estelle Getty  has died. Getty spent years looking sharp tongue sarcastic Sophia on  the golden girls . Getting since she was proud it gave a boost older people.  Estelle Getty  was 84. now expected Charlie ', 'released on bail and denies the allegations. And Emmy award winning actress Estelle Getty has died. Getty spent years looking for success until 1985. When she was cast as the sharp tongue sarcastic Sophia on the golden girls Getting since she was proud of playing Cynthia because it gave a boost older people. Estelle Getty was 84. -- now expected Charlie Gibson in Jerusalem He spent some time today finding out what Israelis and Palestinians. Think about ', "about to set. Heart  Betty White . Neil and Buzz Aldrin of the senior first  Betty White  started the Super Bowls used to be. Remember  the golden girls  was quite get my we'll years of age actress  Betty White  is red You all again ", "turning out to be the year of the senior -- -- first Betty White started the Super Bowls most popular commercial. And last week she -- Saturday Night Live in an American hero Buzz Aldrin. He tripped the light fantastic on dancing with the stars and now people of a certain age have their own yes reality show thinking neighbor -- found out why retirement. Is definitely not what it used to be. -- -- Remember the golden girls -- was -- quite get my -- we'll see it destroys you clutch and a -- can you believe that expanding slot. ", 'Have made the case for gay marriage in the jurisdiction of pop culture where the audience sits on the bench. Take  the golden girls  in 1991 episode before gay marriage was on the books in any state. Blanch wrestled with her conscience when her gay ', 'jurisdiction of pop culture where the audience sits on the bench. Take the golden girls in -- 1991 episode before gay marriage was on the books in any state. Blanch wrestled with her conscience when her gay ', "the latest triumph for all the women of team USA. These Olympic Games more than ever before have been defined by  the golden girls  ABC's bill where has our front row seat at the Olympics he starts us off tonight. And how much fun and you have ", "USA. These Olympic Games more than ever before have been defined by the golden girls ABC's bill where has our front row seat at the Olympics he starts us off tonight. And how much fun and you ", "latest triumph for all the women of team usa. These olympic games, more than ever before, have been defined by  the golden girls . Abc's bill weerl has our front row seat at the olympics and starts us off tonight. How much fun did you have ", "usa. These olympic games, more than ever before, have been defined by the golden girls Abc's bill weerl has our front row seat at the olympics and starts us off tonight. How much fun did you have ", "Gymnastics may be over in london, but the fierce five victory tour is just under way. After the closing ceremonies,  the golden girls  will head out on a 40-city exhibition tour, but first, we have to settle on a nickname for america's new sweethearts ", "fierce five victory tour is just under way. After the closing ceremonies, the golden girls will head out on a 40-city exhibition tour, but first, we have to settle on a nickname for america's new sweethearts. What ", "harry on his trip to jamaica in march. Seven in on the act. Guys and girls next door doing it. Dogs doing it.  The golden girls  gymnastics team channeling their inner bolt, tweeting, usain where are you at? And you know you're good when ", "the act. Guys and girls next door doing it. Dogs doing it. The golden girls gymnastics team channeling their inner bolt, tweeting, usain where are you at? And you know you're good when you get shoutouts from ", "couldn't give anybody any reason to average out. in America. He furiously steadied VHS tapes of everything from  the golden girls  to goodfellas. He was able to get his early reporting gigs by using a doctored Social Security card his grandfather ", 'out. -- in America. He furiously steadied VHS tapes of everything from the golden girls to goodfellas. He was able to get his early reporting gigs by using a doctored Social Security card his grandfather had secured ', "pulling out credit card an easy decision. But what you're dream vacation turned into a photo Like in this episode of  the golden girls  we have a fresh ocean brings a to shape. They're called photo this hotel in Poland exudes old world charm however ", "vacation turned into a photo -- -- Like in this episode of the golden girls we have a fresh ocean brings -- a -- to shape. They're called photo -- -- this hotel in Poland exudes old ", "more than a pent up and Ryan O'Neal is determined to keep all of her spirit alive for the American public. She was  the golden girls  who defined an era that ought Angels. From her role in Charlie's Angels to that iconic swimsuit poster. Twelve ", "keep all of her spirit alive for the American public. She was the golden girls who defined an era that ought -- Angels. From her role in Charlie's Angels to that iconic swimsuit poster. Twelve million -- ", 'nightclub door seen in the maps. A pair of angels and anchorman. Doctor evil spot in Austin Powers and read couch from  the golden girls  Judy McLaughlin Ryan and psychotherapists. From Los Angeles came here to find a new couch interviewing got to come ', 'anchorman. Doctor evil spot in Austin Powers and read -- couch from the golden girls Judy McLaughlin Ryan and psychotherapists. From Los Angeles came here to find a new couch interviewing got to come up with tacky ', "Tea Party. And I talked to T like the doctor to his patience and the little girl's scent sounds like a doctor.  The golden girls  started seeing doctor T teamed to my staff started to say doctor T. And here I am three years later doctor T and ", "his patience and the little girl's scent -- sounds like a doctor. The golden girls started seeing doctor T -- teamed -- to my staff started to say doctor T. And here I am three years later ", 'down as they invited me to share one of their weekly tradition has. And only hours and suddenly I felt like one of  the golden girls . Hanging out with Helen winters an agent eighty Suzanne 868. McNair 93. And they all met here. A sort of second ', '-- -- And only hours and suddenly I felt like one of the golden girls Hanging out with Helen winters an agent eighty Suzanne -- -- 868. McNair 93. -- -- -- -- -- And they all ']