['Saints, which renounced  polygamy  in the late 1800s, but several quite as laid back as the  polygamy  family featured on TLC\'s " Sister Wives " either. Women in Centennial husband. There are other  polygamy  families in Centennial ', 'TV shows such as "Big Love" or " Sister Wives " -- that focus on LDS splinter fact that Mormonism once allowed  polygamy , a practice the church has not condoned one wife. "We don\'t practice  polygamy ," Barbour said. "That\'s not ', 'of the TLC series " Sister Wives " will not face criminal authorities launched a  bigamy  investigation into  Kody Brown  and his four wives policy under which  bigamy  cases will not be pursued challenging the state\'s  polygamy  law. The county seeks ', 'Dargers live,  polygamy  is a third-degree different picture of  polygamy  than that broadcast even within the  Fundamentalist Mormon  culture. It is word"? Not " polygamy " but "party that if we became  sister wives , she had qualities ', "Virginia School District Deletes Sherlock Holmes Novel From 6th Grade for 'Anti-Mormon' Portrayal", 'character, Lucy Ferrier, into  polygamy . "The second half of was released in 1887,  polygamy  was still an official practice disavowed the practice of  polygamy  in 1890, but the stigma television shows such as " Sister Wives ," and in the news through ', 'reality show " Sister Wives " said all patriarch  Kody Brown  , his four to endorse  polygamy ," said right to ban  polygamy , pointing wives --  Meri ,  Janelle ,  Christine  and  Robyn  -- moved family,"  Robyn , Brown\'s charge of  bigamy  after TLC the show " Sister Wives ."  Bigamy person."  Kody Brown  is legally ', 'TLC reality show " Sister Wives ," which provides the Brown family:  Kody Brown , the patriarch to determine if  bigamy  charges, a third issues regarding  polygamy  and marriage in this country.  Polygamy  was banned in the ', 'show, " Sister Wives ," said said  Kody Brown , a salesman family,"  Robyn , Brown\'s wives --  Meri ,  Janelle ,  Christine  and  Robyn potentially facing  bigamy  charges back same,"  Meri  Brown added said  Janelle , Brown\'s said  Christine , Brown\'s shadows,  Robyn  Brown said charge of  bigamy  after TLC show, " Sister Wives ."  Bigamy spouses. As " Sister Wives " heads into ', "highest-rated networks in prime time, according to the Nielsen Co. Zaslav has championed eyebrow-raising fare, from  Sister Wives  , a show about a polygamous family that could land its stars in jail, to Palin's Alaska docu-series. Both air on ", 'the TLC show " Sister Wives ," spoke out potential felony  bigamy  charges that that at all,"  Christine  Brown, one of  Kody Brown \'s four wives 16 children,  bigamy  is a third-degree unhappy about " Sister Wives ." Recently ', 'TLC\'s "  Sister Wives  " is now charge of  bigamy , a third-degree salesman  Kody Brown  and his four wives --  Meri ,  Christine ,  Janelle  and  Robyn  -- before before the " Sister Wives " premiere marriages. Wives  Meri ,  Christine', 'and the practice of  polygamy  -- having more than of the family, and " sister wives " Laura and Kathy. There feel blessed. The other  sister wives  agreed, and reassured outnumbered by the four  sister wives  and angry husband ', "Utah's law banning  polygamy . The brown family this season  sister wives  Cody brown his wives and married  Janelle Christine  and Robin and accusing them of  bigamy . Like the city Utah's anti  polygamy  statute. You ", "family is on the run to avoid prosecution under Utah's law banning polygamy The brown family is here to talk to us energy and exclusively here live but first here's a little look at their life at home. -- this season sister wives Cody brown his four wives and married Janelle Christine and Robin and there are sixteen children. On her reality stars to legal crusaders. She's just you're from the same mister and he's the brother from another mother -- After their show debuted last year the state of -- launch investigation into the camera accusing them of bigamy Like the city of Lehigh finished their investigation. And done they've turned over their findings to the district attorney. To avoid prosecution because of the circumstances. We're gonna move in three days. The browns packed up we'll restore and moved away in the middle of the night. In July the browns and high powered attorney Jonathan Turley filed a lawsuit challenging Utah's anti polygamy statute. You know living in Nevada the Philly no longer shares one home. They live in four separate houses. So pool bond ", "book with his four wives married  Janelle Christine  and Robin it's called becoming  sister wives . The story of an unconventional just happening between Robin and  Christine  that's happened all you. You ", "And cutting branches -- -- new book with his four wives married Janelle Christine and Robin it's called becoming sister wives The story of an unconventional marriage it's great to welcome all that. He GMA right now so what is harder being married ", "The Ralph Stanley joins us now Cody married  Janelle  and  Christine  thank you all for being here Robin of course. Is of this fear of some prosecution under the anti.  Polygamy  laws to see each other the Utah officials say they're ", 'The Ralph Stanley joins us now Cody married Janelle and Christine thank you all for being here Robin of course. Is back home the baby getting closer and answers to how exciting is ', "hit reality show  sister wives  and this year partly what makes  sister wives  riveting to watch a book becoming  sister wives  just published Utah's ban on  bigamy  it'd be good ratings. Becoming  sister wives  is in bookstores ", "wife. They're America's most popular polygamous stars of the hit reality show sister wives and this year. They're making a fresh start in. Vegas with one husband four wives and seventeen kids domestic like it's very ", "But somehow they seem to sort through it. That's partly what makes sister wives riveting to watch. I don't know what I expected -- real housewives and rural Utah. Really crazy over -- happened but that ", "family is now in business together they've co authored a book becoming sister wives just published. And there in the midst of a court case challenging Utah's ban on bigamy it'd be good. Or irrelevant. If Mitt Romney were -- to become president. Well that question and I actually like. I have ", "let's start TLC's  sister wives  does not want to be right home state of Utah where  polygamy  is illegal. New GM made the stars of the show  sister wives  that the family's new On the potential of  bigamy  charges which carry a ", "-- loving for women is wrong let's start TLC's sister wives does not want to be right Cody brown. And his wives could face serious criminal charges in his home state of Utah where polygamy is illegal. New GM made weekend anchor Dan Harris joins us with more on the charges and what they. Would mean for the families sixteen. Children Kelly sixteen chose. And thirteen biological three stepchildren -- -- interesting story. Prosecuted by the -- say they don't know how long it'll be before they decide whether they're gonna charge the stars of the show sister wives that the family's new high octane attorney. Is already fighting back saying any charges would be quote. Unconstitutional. -- acts Cody brown and his four wives went on Oprah Thursday giving their first televised comments. On the potential of bigamy charges which carry a maximum of five years in prison. What does that mean to be facing that charge -- scary now ", 'reality show the show is called  sister wives  and it follows a man. And the four together for years. But to their  sister wives  Sunday night has now sparked an up their lives for the TLC show  sister wives  and they knew they were taking a ', "the center of a controversial new reality show the show is called sister wives and it follows a man. And the four women who share his life to get an F sixteen children they've been together for years. But to -- their sister wives Sunday night has now sparked an investigation by you to Utah police and Dan Harris is here with the -- would've thought ", 'his family decided to open up their lives for the TLC show sister wives and -- they knew they were taking a risk as they told me when I met them last week. Just days before ', "sixteen children on TLC's  sister wives . But they say they had prosecute two. The law banning  polygamy  dates all the way back interracial marriage. So should  polygamy  being reconsidered got plenty of evidence that  polygamy  fosters abused remember ", "spiritual spouses. The state comes in and prosecute two. The law banning polygamy dates all the way back to a Supreme Court decision in 1879. The court said it may be a religious practice but it doesn't deserve constitutional protection anymore than human sacrifice which they considered to be comparable. But this is the same court that banned interracial marriage. So should polygamy being reconsidered -- -- got a case where you have all consenting adults and nobody's being hurt. What's wrong with the. I don't care what these people entering -- There's not a single Clinton Stanley out there that the women are truly happy inside. Critics say there is plenty of evidence that polygamy fosters abused remember those allegations of children forced to marry older men in that Mormon splinter group. The Brown's attorney says there "]