['to have one of the world\'s greatest-ever female singers join our show," "Idol" creator and executive producer  Simon Fuller  said in a statement. "Mariah defines the word \'Idol\' and will inspire every singer that has the honor of performing ', 'Everybody Loves Raymond Marcia Cross Desperate Housewives, Everwood, Melrose Place Jesse Tyler Ferguson Modern Family  Simon Fuller  American Idol, So You Think You Can Dance Vince Gilligan Breaking Bad, The X-Files Leonard Goldberg Blue Bloods ', 'three ballads, starting with Whitney Houston\'s "I Have Nothing," a selection chosen by "Idol" executive producer  Simon Fuller . She followed with the song that earned her a spot in the top 24, Celine Dion and Andrea Bocelli\'s "The Prayer ', "'American Idol' Recap: Jessica Sanchez and Phillip Phillips Compete for the 'Idol' Crown", 'the first round, the two finalists sang Idol creator  Simon Fuller \'s song choice. For round two, the contestants sang Here\'s what happened: Jessica went first singing,  Simon Fuller \'s choice - Whitney Houston\'s "I Have Nothing ', 'only signed for one season and is reportedly shopping her own Latin American singing competition with "Idol" creator  Simon Fuller , Lopez is ecstatic about "Idol." "I loved doing \'American Idol\' this season," she gushed to MTV News Tuesday ', 'The creator of American Idol,  Simon Fuller , is looking to conquer the web with his new reality show "If I Can Dream" . The show debuts today on Hulu.com . It follows ', "barely identifying himself after he was recognized. Last November, Winnipeg homeowner John Kiernan told Sun Media's  Simon Fuller  that Dylan and a friend arrived unannounced in a taxi to his Grosvenor Ave. home, where songwriter Neil Young grew ", 'family over the last eight seasons." "I could not be more excited to have Ellen join the \'American Idol\' family,"  Simon Fuller , the show\'s creator and executive producer, said. "Ellen has been a fan of the show for many years, and her love ', 'family over the last eight seasons." "I could not be more excited to have Ellen join the \'American Idol\' family,"  Simon Fuller , the show\'s creator and executive producer, said. "Ellen has been a fan of the show for many years, and her love ', 'for Lambert, who landed a contract with 19 Recordings -- the production company owned by "American Idol" creator  Simon Fuller  -- and announced plans to release a debut album this fall on RCA Records. "It\'s surreal," he said. "It\'s ', 'release a debut album this fall on RCA Records. Lambert signed with 19 Recordings, owned by "American Idol" creator  Simon Fuller . The interview follows almost two weeks after "American Idol" judge Kara DioGuardi said on ABC\'s "The View" that ', 'such a phenomenon, the Spice Girls\' management, 19 Entertainment, is sparing no expense on the tour. 19, owned by  Simon Fuller , perhaps best-known as the creator of "American Idol," has hired top stylists, choreographers and designers to ', "who watched as Pele was introduced to the American media June 10, 1975, and now sits on the executive board of CKX,  Simon Fuller 's management company (which represents Beckham and was key in getting him to the states), said success for Beckham ", "by Simon That led to America not. Which inspired Simon to create his own show. Which led to his new show. led to  Simon Fuller  suing him he feels it's couple. He feels I feel like it. The idea that you can control some and no one else is allowed ", "-- -- show. Which led to his new show. -- led to Simon Fuller suing him he feels it's -- couple. He feels I feel like it. The idea that you can control some -- and ", 'behind the scenes. Then went another British Simon  Simon Fuller  launched a TV show in the UK called pop idol He recruited Parker has engaged with several times to the story goes  Simon Fuller . Brought the pop final concept to the US with American ', "He was a businessman behind the scenes. Then went another British Simon Simon Fuller launched a TV show in the UK called pop idol He recruited -- Who had established a decent record responding -- talent for his label to be. But job but one with the little personality. I do thing -- That it is the -- as well -- week this week I think than those who picked. It's a personality that entertainment weekly's Dave Parker has engaged with several times to the story goes Simon Fuller . Brought the pop final concept to the US with American Idol and He brought seven -- with him that's right He actually ", "In today's tech the creator of American Idol looks to conquered the web.  Simon Fuller 's new reality show if I can debuts on Hulu dot com today follows five young people hoping to make it in Hollywood. Three are ", "tech -- the creator of American Idol looks to conquered the web. Simon Fuller's new reality show if I can -- debuts on Hulu dot com today -- follows five young people hoping to make it ", "build the are they trying to get the word out that they're coming. What chalk this one up to having to spend here is  Simon Fuller  is the creator of American Idol who was the original manager of posh. Victoria Beckham is also manager for David Beckham ", 'What chalk this one up to having to spend -- here is Simon Fuller is the creator of American Idol who was the original manager of posh. -- Victoria Beckham is -- also manager for David ']