["The chief U.S. arms inspector in Iraq has found no evidence of weapons of mass destruction ( search ) production by Saddam Hussein's ( search ) regime after 1991.But...", 'Some may interpret the report as a justification for war, others as an argument against.On Monday, after 60 days of searching, United Nations inspectors will describ...', 'U.S.-led forces have captured two more important Iraqis -- the scientist known as "Dr. Germ" and a top leader in Saddam Hussein\'s armed forces.Dr. Rihab Rashid Taha ...', 'Mr. Speaker, Vice President Cheney, Members of Congress, distinguished guests, fellow citizens:Every year, by law and by custom, we meet here to consider the state o...', 'No matter how much strutting and posturing Saddam Hussein and his advisors do on television, his 350,000 mutiny-minded soldiers are unlikely to mount much serious re...', 'Mr. Speaker, thank you for recalling Parliament to debate the best way to deal with the issue of the present leadership of Iraq and weapons of mass destruction.Today...', 'The Bush administration is leaving open a "diplomatic window" for a "final phase" of talks with allies about what to do about Iraq if Saddam Hussein continues to eva...', 'High blood pressure pills and seizure medications may help people with uncontrollable shakes caused by essential tremor.New treatment guidelines released today show ...', 'The final report of the chief U.S. arms inspector for Iraq was expected to undercut a principal Bush administration rationale for removing Saddam Hussein ( search ),...', 'Admitting that society is too complex to defend against all terrorist threats, a panel of top scientists called for immediate action to identify and repair the weake...', 'Iraq is in "material breach" of the U.N.\'s order that it destroy its weapons of mass destruction, the U.S. ambassador to the United Nations said Thursday.U.N. Ambass...', 'Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld said Wednesday he had sketched out for President Bush a long list of risks to using military force against Iraq, including the p...', 'This is a partial transcript of Special Report with Brit Hume , June 20, that has been edited for clarity. Click here to order the complete transcript.Watch Special ...', "A scientific article about the possibility of terrorists poisoning thousands of people through the milk supply was published over the government's objections after t...", 'She is called "Dr. Germ," and he is known as the "Missile Man."After meeting at a New York seminar hosted by U.N. weapons inspectors in the early 1990s, Dr. Rihab Ta...', 'A treatment made famous for fighting wrinkles may also provide lasting relief from another embarrassing condition: excessive underarm sweat.The first long-term study...']