['A well-known side effect of Botox is the inability to fully express emotions. Now research reveals another side effect: the inability to fully feel emotions.Botox, a...', 'Experts argue over how hard it is for terrorists to make weapons of mass destruction, but a new study of the doomsday cult that carried out the Tokyo subway nerve ga...', "Botox could help some people with nagging chronic coughs that haven't responded to standard treatment, according to a new report on four patients.Botox, or botulinum...", 'The same Botox used to wipe out wrinkles may also soothe stiff, rigid muscles after a stroke.A new study shows that repeated Botox injections after a stroke may impr...', 'A public interest group petitioned the Food and Drug Administration on Thursday to increase the warnings on the popular cosmetic and drug Botox.Dr. Sidney Wolfe of P...', 'People with diabetes often suffer from chronic foot pain because of nerve damage, but relief may be at hand. Taiwanese doctors have shown that the pain can be reduce...', 'How to respond to negative publicity and the big business and profit made from bad news', "Randy Newman's satirical song mocks the right; Mike Baker, Andrew WK and Kennedy discuss", 'Samuel L. Jackson cuts pro-Obama ad; Guests Jedediah Bila, Sherrod Small, Gavin McInnes discuss', 'The very missiles Saddam Hussein fired at U.S. forces in Kuwait appear to have been the same weapons he either claimed not to possess or agreed to destroy.U.S., Brit...', "Following is the second half of the full text of U.S. Secretary of State Colin Powell's address to the United Nations Security Council, Feb. 5, 2003. Click here for ...", 'Secretary of State Colin Powell laid out America\'s case for military action against Iraq Wednesday, providing "irrefutable and undeniable" evidence that Saddam Husse...', 'Two Iraqis on the U.S.-led coalition\'s 55 most-wanted list -- a weapons expert nicknamed the "Missile Man" and a provincial governor -- have surrendered, the U.S. mi...']