['performers have made the case for gay marriage in the realm of pop culture where the audience sits on the bench. Take " The Golden Girls ." In a 1991 episode of the seven-season sitcom, before gay marriage was on the books in any state, Blanche the ', 'performers have made the case for gay marriage in the realm of pop culture where the audience sits on the bench. Take " The Golden Girls ." In a 1991 episode of the seven-season sitcom, before gay marriage was on the books in any state, Blanche the ', 'Hot in Cleveland."  Betty White /Sue Ann Nivens As the man-hungry Sue Ann Nivens,  Betty White  turned a guest role in Rose on the hit series " Golden Girls ." She hasn\'t stopped practical joke show " Betty White \'s Off Their Rockers ', 'Betty White \'s name is synonymous 1980s sitcom " The Golden Girls ," but the the they have left.  Estelle Getty  was so afraid the writers on  The Golden Girls  couldn\'t put an icky-sweet  Betty White  type." The casting ', 'Petrillo are characters from " The Golden Girls ," a popular late-80s television deep down inside I remembered  the Golden Girls . I used to watch them. Perhaps her home. As for her Roth\'s  Golden Girls  future, "It\'s an interesting ', 'had followed the example set by  Betty White  -- who welcomed a tidal wave explanation. The Photoshop ode to  the  " Golden Girls " actress appears to have been their name -- Conan O\'Brien ,  Betty White  -- will prosper, those who don\'t ', 'legendary actress and animal lover  Betty White  can now add another title to her list later had a daily radio program called " Betty White  on Animals," and wrote a book called " Betty White \'s Pet Love." Last year, White was ', 'delightfully dim as Rose on " Golden Girls ." Not that anyone could Boston Legal." But  Betty White  hasn\'t stopped there I made my goal."  Betty White : The Sweetheart Treatment you know, close."  Betty White : Bawdy Humor If you\'ve ', 'series " The Golden Girls ," died Blanche. " Golden Girls " aimed to leaving  Betty White , who played to 1992.  Rue McClanahan  Born in Healdton drawl on " Golden Girls ," launched Zbornak on " The Golden Girls ," Arthur career.  Betty White  White, born on " The Golden Girls ." In the Live."  Estelle Getty  Getty, who ', 'Remember " The Golden Girls "? Those bold, brash and brazen ladies who made retirement look on campus, but their popularity is growing. At age 88, actress  Betty White  is red hot, selling Snickers and hosting "Saturday Night Live ', 'Washington Goes Glam: Celebrities, Journalists and Politicians Come Together at Annual Dinner', 'red carpet alongside A-list Hollywood stars. This year, the dinner featured 3,000 attendees, from " Golden Girls " star  Betty White  to teen sensations Justin Bieber and the Jonas Brothers to administration officials such as White House chief ', "for the golden girl of American comedy she is ninety  Betty White  about. Looking like this as an actress on the radio course signature roles I'm Mary Tyler Moore show and  the golden girls  ash turned ninety today President Obama joined the ", "milestone today for the golden girl of American comedy she is ninety Betty White -- about. Looking like this as an actress on the radio and listen to her as a -- young girl in the 1930s. You don't -- didn't immediately -- -- And she's had so many careers this is her and her thirties the first woman to host a daytime talk show. And of course signature roles I'm Mary Tyler Moore show and the golden girls ash turned ninety today President Obama joined the celebration. You -- so fantastic and full of energy I can't believe -- ninety ", "do. And you and me.  Betty White  may be 88 and a half decades of making us laugh  Betty white 's career isn't just were with. B Andrew on  the golden girls  always that was that what you think about  Betty White  and what she should ", "to have so much fun when you were with. B Andrew on the golden girls always that was that was -- of wonderful. Kenyon. To lose lose any recently with just. -- that -- I just can't ", "year of the senior if it first  Betty White  started the Super Bowls most popular Thank you. Diane. And remember  the golden girls  Plainfield IH we'll see it destroys growing. At 88 years of age actress  Betty White  is red And Selling and hosting ", "turning out to be the year of the senior if it first Betty White started the Super Bowls most popular commercial. And last week she -- Saturday Night Live -- an American -- Buzz Aldrin. He tripped the light fantastic on dancing with the stars and now people of a certain age have their own yes reality show thinking neighbor -- found out why retirement. It's definitely not what it used to be. Thank you. Diane. And remember the golden girls -- -- -- Plainfield IH we'll see it destroys you clutch at brash -- Believe that expanding -- And brazen old gals ", "Hello is this  Betty White  star of stage screen is an entire country  Betty White  fans. All that ridiculous tell me what you and  Betty White  do it added. Berger favorite moment and in  golden girls  to have one. there's ", "Hello is this Betty White star of stage screen and a super ball. We have where I don't know. I am so we're very excited about this ", "lo and behold it turns out that this is an entire country Betty White fans. All that ridiculous. Figure -- ladies -- It. Well the tell me just tell under the U powering to. All I'm ", "middle management. Moments and critical. Not tell me what you -- and Betty White do it added. Berger an ugly. One week pre. And and what is your favorite moment and in golden girls to have one. -- there's a lot -- that -- might. It -- so that I liked her. Maybe ten years or ", '9834; yes, two decades after they left the airwaves in america, the dutch are doing their own version of " the golden girls " and for that we say thank you for being a friend. Thank you, america, for choosing this week. We loved it ', 'the airwaves in america, the dutch are doing their own version of " the golden girls and for that we say thank you for being a friend. Thank you, america, for choosing this week. We loved it. And ', 'And Emmy award winning actress  Estelle Getty  has died. Getty spent years looking sharp tongue sarcastic Sophia on  the golden girls . Getting since she was proud it gave a boost older people.  Estelle Getty  was 84. now expected Charlie ', 'released on bail and denies the allegations. And Emmy award winning actress Estelle Getty has died. Getty spent years looking for success until 1985. When she was cast as the sharp tongue sarcastic Sophia on the golden girls Getting since she was proud of playing Cynthia because it gave a boost older people. Estelle Getty was 84. -- now expected Charlie Gibson in Jerusalem He spent some time today finding out what Israelis and Palestinians. Think about ', "about to set. Heart  Betty White . Neil and Buzz Aldrin of the senior first  Betty White  started the Super Bowls used to be. Remember  the golden girls  was quite get my we'll years of age actress  Betty White  is red You all again ", "turning out to be the year of the senior -- -- first Betty White started the Super Bowls most popular commercial. And last week she -- Saturday Night Live in an American hero Buzz Aldrin. He tripped the light fantastic on dancing with the stars and now people of a certain age have their own yes reality show thinking neighbor -- found out why retirement. Is definitely not what it used to be. -- -- Remember the golden girls -- was -- quite get my -- we'll see it destroys you clutch and a -- can you believe that expanding slot. "]