["here's ABC's Brian Rooney. Before there was  Fred Flintstones  and before Yogi Bear and there was Benedict literally. Tall. They're dying. For  the Flintstones  cartoon sitcom about a  stone age  family he designed the granite house. And ", "his work we love it here's ABC's Brian Rooney. Before there was Fred Flintstones and before Yogi Bear and there was -- Benedict. -- character designer and animator who created some of the greats of animation top cat. Huckleberry -- in the 1950s he moved animated characters beyond the -- depression era style into the more instant world of television. Clear. More dark ally more bang literally not a -- literally. Tall. They're dying. For the Flintstones cartoon sitcom about a stone age family he designed the granite house. And the foot powered car -- -- let you inside outside his drawings he canes and ", "2, I wanted-- i-i was sitting in front of the tv, drawing fred flintstones ... Really? Woody woodpeckers, and at age 7, I'm running around like a crazy person doing voices, but at the same time, I ", "he took a conversation from this week's episode of the real housewives of Atlanta and combined it old episode. Of  the Flintstones . The answer. We go now to the videotape. It's being yeah it is anybody sitting in this day day in and makes yeah ", "the real housewives of Atlanta and combined it -- old episode. Of the Flintstones . The answer. We go now to the videotape. -- -- -- -- -- It's being -- yeah it is anybody sitting in ", 'World News: New Defense Secretary; Missing Climbers; Basketbrawl; Regifting Horror Stories', 'Legendary cartoonist Joseph Barbera has died he is half of  Hanna Barbera  animation duo. Teaming up with bill Hanna to produce a string of hit characters including bear  the Flintstones  and Tom and Jerry. Barrett died of natural causes ', 'Rio. Legendary cartoonist Joseph Barbera has died he is half of -- Hanna Barbera animation duo. Teaming up with bill Hanna to produce a string of hit characters including -- bear the Flintstones and Tom and Jerry. -- Barrett died of natural causes at his home in Los Angeles he was 95 years of me. ', "compact communities truly withstood the test to tell him. 121000. New student town of that there repeats history was  Fred  and  Wilma  and you know yet  Barney  Rubble. And yet you don't had a a dinosaur for people. And who doesn't like those aren't back. You know it's ", "of that -- there repeats history -- -- -- was -- -- Fred and Wilma and you know yet Barney Rubble. And yet you don't had a a dinosaur -- -- for people. And who doesn't like those aren't back. You know ", 'the man who brought  Fred Flintstones  and Yogi Bear to life Before there was  Fred Flintstones  and before Yogi Bear Tall. The dying. For  the Flintstones  cartoon sitcom about a  stone age  family he designed ', "legendary animators were gonna celebrate the work of the man who brought Fred Flintstones and Yogi Bear to life. And at the end of the webcast what it's like choosing the photos of the most beautiful ", "his work we love it here's ABC's Brian Rooney. Before there was Fred Flintstones and before Yogi Bear and there was -- Benedict. -- character designer and animator who created some of the greats of animation top cat. Huckleberry Hound in the 1950s he moved animated characters beyond the -- depression era style into the more instant world of television. Clear. More ally. More bang literally I'm not -- cluttered literally. Tall. The dying. For the Flintstones cartoon sitcom about a stone age family he designed the granite house and the foot powered car. I'll let you inside pops -- his drawings he -- and ", 'After complaints from viewers in Britain turner broadcasting is going for more than a thousand hours of cartoons like  the Flintstones . Tom and Jerry and the Jetsons to edit out scenes that glamorize smoking. The only exception is when villains or ', 'broadcasting is going for more than a thousand hours of cartoons like the Flintstones . Tom and Jerry and the Jetsons to edit out scenes that glamorize smoking. The only exception is when villains or holding a ', 'increase in college students trying to learn French. And we are a nation funds parent and pillbox hats all the way to  the Flintstones . At the close. That protect her because. All Americans For I now allows you Merrill watching mr. add it. of course ', 'are a nation funds parent and pillbox hats all the way to the Flintstones . At the close. That protect her because. All Americans -- -- For -- I now allows you Merrill watching mr. add it. ', "place do everything really really well. Very successful by locals. Personally I think their beef short Ribble within  the Flintstones  size thing. Ironic quirk you know what would a public pressure equality unity we've got this mountain out of a food ", "locals. Personally I think their beef short Ribble within the -- -- Flintstones size thing. Ironic quirk you know what would a public pressure equality unity we've got this mountain out of a food here ", 'go to school. with 83 and with his death the last member of the planners. Left and finally a picture right out of  the Flintstones  amana Iowa struggling to carry a prehistoric bone it seems humorous family went looking for blackberries behind their ', 'of the planners. Left -- and finally a picture right out of the Flintstones amana Iowa struggling to carry a prehistoric bone it seems humorous family went looking for blackberries behind their house. And what they ', 'picture right out of  the Flintstones  amana Iowa struggling to carry a prehistoric. Bone it seems humorous family went looking for blackberries behind their house ', '-- picture right out of the Flintstones amana Iowa struggling to carry a prehistoric. Bone it seems humorous family went looking for blackberries behind their house. And what they ', 'was the fiftieth anniversary of  the Flintstones . The property out. Okay. The hedges and our traffic lights.  The Flintstones  was the first successful animated popular shows in a lot of ways  the Flintstones  was far ahead of its time. You ', "The way it was the fiftieth anniversary of the Flintstones . The property out. Okay. The. -- premiere tonight in 1960. It would it was a simpler time was a time when you could use a bird to trim the hedges and -- -- our traffic lights. The Flintstones was the first successful animated program in prime time. And actually looking back at it now I haven't seen it probably -- of fifteen years or something you can see the influence. That it -- on today's popular shows in a lot of ways the Flintstones was far ahead of its time. -- -- You. -- huge amount he dirty little hamster he. Get my eighth army does ", 'home or castle or maybe even just the right From the  stone age  which is exactly what set decorator Rosemary Brandenburg floor coverings draperies. Hello good morning download  Flintstones . Hancock deja Vu and dozens more movies work decorated ', 'home or castle or maybe even just the right -- From the stone age which is exactly what set decorator Rosemary Brandenburg -- for the -- so she took us on a shopping trip. They show ', "wanna do so it's good okay and bigger that a good. I fear I. It is not what we would expect to hear from  Fred  and already  the Flintstones  cigarettes. Yeah. If the children's cartoon surprises you how about children themselves smokes so they'll ", "fear I. It is not what we would expect to hear from Fred and already the Flintstones -- cigarettes. Yeah. -- If the children's cartoon surprises you how about children themselves -- smokes so they'll look. Just like daddy ", "we wanna do so good OK okay I think in that hard I like. when it. Not what we would expect to hear from  Fred  and already  the Flintstones  and talking cigarettes. I think that I okay. If children's cartoon surprises you how about children themselves ", "-- -- when it. Not what we would expect to hear from Fred and already the Flintstones and talking cigarettes. I think that I -- okay. -- If -- children's cartoon surprises you how about children themselves paddling smokes ", "Do we wanna do so good okay mom I'm okay I'm not hard I like. Not what we would expect to hear from  Fred  you've already  the Flintstones  and talking cigarettes. They went. Like. Big. If the children's cartoon surprises you how about children ", "-- -- -- -- Not what we would expect to hear from Fred you've already the Flintstones and talking cigarettes. They went. Like. Big. If the children's cartoon surprises you how about children themselves -- smokes so they'll look. ", 'Books and movies have long relied on fantasies about mistaken identity the in the potter and the prisoner of Even  the Flintstones  explore the potential complications. guy who have done my doing. These dogs sleep for a has been completely beside ', 'identity the -- in the potter and the prisoner of -- Even the Flintstones explore the potential complications. -- guy who have done my doing. These dogs sleep for a -- has been completely beside myself ', 'World News: : iPhone, Apple TV; Baseball Hall of Fame; Music Video Filmed by Fans', "sixty years he helped design. Some of the world's best known cartoon characters including Peter Cinderella. And  the Flintstones . ought to learn to illustrate during world war two and his family was forced to live in the Japanese internment camp ", "of the world's best known cartoon characters including Peter -- Cinderella. And the Flintstones . -- ought to learn to illustrate during world war two and his family was forced to live in the Japanese internment camp "]