["The tennis pro's entire country was cheering him on as he made history in the men's championship.", "Drip. Giving the vitamins into your veins. It's fueled in part by hollywood. Celebrities on the bandwagon include  simon cowell , cindy crawford and madonna. Rihanna tweeted this shot, prompting reports she enjoys the party girl drip. The ladies ", 'veins. It\'s fueled in part by hollywood. Celebrities on the bandwagon include simon cowell , cindy crawford and madonna. Rihanna tweeted this shot, prompting reports she enjoys the party girl drip. The ladies on "the view" had ', 'because he wanted to be his own  Simon Cowell  has a talent for finding talent he Collison. We expect. News  Simon Cowell  has been judging how America got like human being today. This used  Simon Cowell  was shocked to songs. have a he ', "in television last year because he wanted to be his own -- Simon Cowell has a talent for finding talent. But does he have that certain special something that draws people to you and make -- As he Collison. We expect. News Simon Cowell has been judging how America got was appalling with a -- -- I'm finding it -- up -- tough to -- You are terrible thing you are terrible sounds you have no charisma and cash and a let me take a hard time that it that it isn't there is anything like -- human being today. This used Simon Cowell was shocked to songs. -- have a -- he walked away from the most popular show on television American Idol. So that ", "from London. I don't think there's a band in the world right now who is good issues. From Hollywood hopeful.  Simon Cowell  has fulfilled week. But Saturday night he lived through night A intruder inside his fourteen million dollar London ", 'now who is good issues. From Hollywood hopeful. -- -- -- -- Simon Cowell has fulfilled -- -- -- week. But Saturday night he lived through -- night -- A -- -- intruder inside his fourteen ', 'The "X-Factor" judge sprang into action when he heard the boaters\' distress calls.', "Clarkson. Sadly for some this is  Simon Cowell  last season on the show but fear Bowman reports on the economy. Of  Simon Cowell . It's the hunger and really just American Idol that has made  Simon Cowell  it's America we. A decade ago ", "superstars like Adam Lambert and Kelly Clarkson. Sadly for some this is Simon Cowell last season on the show but fear not he's not -- -- As John Bowman reports on the economy. Of Simon Cowell . It's the hunger and really -- American Idol what did He -- the hunger you can -- -- -- auditions. People often ", "three year old -- It's not just American Idol that has made Simon Cowell it's America -- -- we. A decade ago He was as unknown here is anyone who's ever shown up for an idol ", "he's a teacher on how to highway. And climb that ladder. So Simon Cowell who came to the US perhaps hungry himself is now quite a few rungs up the latter and if you listen to ", "we've seen so far but yesterday  Simon Cowell  announced that this would be his people down of the people up so  Simon Cowell  in the format. He still to front and Leno on American Idol have  Simon Cowell  judge. of the body just a about ", "in history. The most -- job we've seen so far but yesterday Simon Cowell announced that this would be his last season so what happens next. When television's most famous judge leaves the show He put ", 'there. Judging people putting people down -- of the people up so Simon Cowell -- in the format. He still to -- front and center in American pop culture so -- not that big -- you ', "say I'm put Conan and -- and Leno on American Idol have Simon Cowell judge. -- of the body just -- a -- about with a total assets of British and it has set -- -- ", 'story may have been a goodbye.  Simon Cowell . The British judge known for his Paula. But the biggest star was  Simon Cowell  the man everyone loved. And hated this and Beth What really made  Simon Cowell  rich and famous and the real star ', "American Idol but the bigger story may have been a goodbye. -- Simon Cowell . The British judge known for his sharp opinions and ability to pick a star. He's moving not and for John Donvan that ", 'ten minute. Thank you everyone. Sorry Paula. But the biggest star was Simon Cowell the man everyone loved. And hated but tonight actually saying goodbye to -- it was mostly luck and thank you very much ', 'his remarks with this -- and -- Beth -- What really made Simon Cowell rich and famous and the real star of American Idol was when He would say. Yes. Horrible. The troops. -- still boring. ', 'We could find out who will replace  Simon Cowell  on American Idol an unlikely candidate perhaps Howard radar radio of course this show could be in some turmoil  Simon Cowell  leaving He says of the width 400 million bucks. He ', "We could find out who will replace Simon Cowell on American Idol an unlikely candidate perhaps Howard Stern. He's volunteering for the -- not exactly volunteering He wants to be paid a hundred million dollars is his asking price He talked about it on serious radio there's been some speculation that he'll be. Leaving serious radar -- radio of course this show -- -- could be in some turmoil Simon Cowell leaving He says of the width 400 million bucks. He says it's easiest job in the world is just -- karaoke contest. ", "I'll everybody aim now it is time not for the skinny about. Scary night for Simon callow of disabling pictured his fancy New London home with some kind of multi million dollar security system. You settling down for a night of watching himself on TV he hears something upstairs. Who runs up the", "Ellison and Rob from Huff post. Celebrity rob good to see it and how it. Haven't cut so last night the back there  Simon Cowell  Paula Abdul reunited that's going to be good television what do you think. You'd think he's our loved it was ", "and how it. Haven't cut so last night the -- back there Simon Cowell Paula Abdul reunited that's going to be good television what do you think. You'd think he's our loved it was a big ", "he pulls it You on the worst they had in America he's famously The constantly honest judge on American night. But  Simon Cowell  is also with TV mogul having launched a half dozen shows. He's worse according to some estimates 200 million dollars ", "America he's famously -- The constantly honest judge on American night. But Simon Cowell is also with TV mogul having launched a half dozen shows. He's worse according to some estimates 200 million dollars not to ", "Tonight is the American Idol finale but it Bauer Sox that everyone is chatting about. It's none other than  Simon Cowell  after eight years He is wrapping up his dominant rain on idol. So his honor we've compiled Simon Cal's top memorable ", "-- Bauer Sox that everyone is chatting about. It's none other than Simon Cowell after eight years He is wrapping up his dominant rain on idol. So his honor we've compiled Simon Cal's top memorable moments. ", 'Simon Cowell  may be leaving at the end of the season but He still fighting words for the competitor Dancing With The Stars. The saucy breakthrough ', 'Simon Cowell may be leaving -- at the end of the season but He still -- -- fighting words for the -- competitor Dancing ', "Hayward took a beating today not just from the congressman even one of his own countrymen got in the act members of the commission and so chief executive VP. The explosion fireball horizon. On the results you'll spill in the Gulf of Mexico and I don't want to hear any of this Jeep hit the tape it"]