["book with his four wives married  Janelle Christine  and Robin it's called becoming  sister wives . The story of an unconventional just happening between Robin and  Christine  that's happened all you. You ", "And cutting branches -- -- new book with his four wives married Janelle Christine and Robin it's called becoming sister wives The story of an unconventional marriage it's great to welcome all that. He GMA right now so what is harder being married ", "The Ralph Stanley joins us now Cody married  Janelle  and  Christine  thank you all for being here Robin of course. Is of this fear of some prosecution under the anti.  Polygamy  laws to see each other the Utah officials say they're ", 'The Ralph Stanley joins us now Cody married Janelle and Christine thank you all for being here Robin of course. Is back home the baby getting closer and answers to how exciting is ', "hit reality show  sister wives  and this year partly what makes  sister wives  riveting to watch a book becoming  sister wives  just published Utah's ban on  bigamy  it'd be good ratings. Becoming  sister wives  is in bookstores ", "wife. They're America's most popular polygamous stars of the hit reality show sister wives and this year. They're making a fresh start in. Vegas with one husband four wives and seventeen kids domestic like it's very ", "But somehow they seem to sort through it. That's partly what makes sister wives riveting to watch. I don't know what I expected -- real housewives and rural Utah. Really crazy over -- happened but that ", "family is now in business together they've co authored a book becoming sister wives just published. And there in the midst of a court case challenging Utah's ban on bigamy it'd be good. Or irrelevant. If Mitt Romney were -- to become president. Well that question and I actually like. I have ", "let's start TLC's  sister wives  does not want to be right home state of Utah where  polygamy  is illegal. New GM made the stars of the show  sister wives  that the family's new On the potential of  bigamy  charges which carry a ", "-- loving for women is wrong let's start TLC's sister wives does not want to be right Cody brown. And his wives could face serious criminal charges in his home state of Utah where polygamy is illegal. New GM made weekend anchor Dan Harris joins us with more on the charges and what they. Would mean for the families sixteen. Children Kelly sixteen chose. And thirteen biological three stepchildren -- -- interesting story. Prosecuted by the -- say they don't know how long it'll be before they decide whether they're gonna charge the stars of the show sister wives that the family's new high octane attorney. Is already fighting back saying any charges would be quote. Unconstitutional. -- acts Cody brown and his four wives went on Oprah Thursday giving their first televised comments. On the potential of bigamy charges which carry a maximum of five years in prison. What does that mean to be facing that charge -- scary now ", 'reality show the show is called  sister wives  and it follows a man. And the four together for years. But to their  sister wives  Sunday night has now sparked an up their lives for the TLC show  sister wives  and they knew they were taking a ', "the center of a controversial new reality show the show is called sister wives and it follows a man. And the four women who share his life to get an F sixteen children they've been together for years. But to -- their sister wives Sunday night has now sparked an investigation by you to Utah police and Dan Harris is here with the -- would've thought ", 'his family decided to open up their lives for the TLC show sister wives and -- they knew they were taking a risk as they told me when I met them last week. Just days before ', "sixteen children on TLC's  sister wives . But they say they had prosecute two. The law banning  polygamy  dates all the way back interracial marriage. So should  polygamy  being reconsidered got plenty of evidence that  polygamy  fosters abused remember ", "spiritual spouses. The state comes in and prosecute two. The law banning polygamy dates all the way back to a Supreme Court decision in 1879. The court said it may be a religious practice but it doesn't deserve constitutional protection anymore than human sacrifice which they considered to be comparable. But this is the same court that banned interracial marriage. So should polygamy being reconsidered -- -- got a case where you have all consenting adults and nobody's being hurt. What's wrong with the. I don't care what these people entering -- There's not a single Clinton Stanley out there that the women are truly happy inside. Critics say there is plenty of evidence that polygamy fosters abused remember those allegations of children forced to marry older men in that Mormon splinter group. The Brown's attorney says there ", "A father coaching his children on the finer points of an all-american sport. But sitting on the sidelines are two  sister wives  in this not so modern family. We're very different in personality, in character. Reporter: To hear them talk it ", "points of an all-american sport. But sitting on the sidelines are two sister wives in this not so modern family. We're very different in personality, in character. Reporter: To hear them talk it about it, their ", "jealousy rears its head among the  sister wives . Brought up the idea of going away midway concerns sex and jealousy  polygamy  is an emotional mind Joseph head know the family from the TV show  sister wives  fled to Nevada they know they're ", "to hurt you need to go. He's midway concerns sex and jealousy polygamy is an emotional mind -- -- Joseph head out on a date arm in arm with one of his other wives can ", "award winning. Musical the book of Mormon. On TV there have been several hit series from HBO's big love. To TLC's  sister wives . Out on the campaign trail thanks for helping out today not one but two major candidates for president. I'm Jon Huntsman ", "there have been several hit series from HBO's big love. To TLC's sister wives . Out on the campaign trail thanks for helping out today not one but two major candidates for president. I'm Jon Huntsman. Both ", 'surprise the twisted the  sister wives  even they would agree from going to prison for  polygamy . Today there is once their fervent belief that  polygamy  is a divine instruction in the reality TV show  sister wives . Had just lead to Nevada ', "But that is nothing compared to the ultimate surprise the twisted the sister wives even they would agree is shocking. But for them. It's all a matter of -- The golden grasslands of suburban Salt Lake County Utah our land and seek grants. Entire families living in the shadows to protect husbands and fathers from going to prison for polygamy . Today there is once -- less. Because Joseph daughter is ready for his closest. An act of Civil Disobedience for -- Joseph ", "to public schools. What's the most part is their fervent belief that polygamy is a divine instruction why is. Airing your husband with other women bring closer to god it was always I guess just part of what I felt would help fulfill everything in me like the height of unselfish love. And build large family that I always wanted but couldn't do that in a monogamous relationship it just felt like. It was the right thing to do I searched my soul and -- and felt like it was -- should be. We don't have. To be reminded that polygamy is against the law. This photo from 1945 includes five of the -- grandfathers and drink Utah state prison convicts for having ", 'healthy happy family. Exhibit -- in their case for the legalization of polygamy . Show -- just give me the names of all of your children. In order -- Samuel Joseph K love Amanda Laura -- ', "casual association of Salt Lake City  polygamy . Pairs of missionaries in neckties also the popular TLC reality show  sister wives  I think there's credit. And it's the religion. The church denounces  polygamy  of course a practice that is confined ", 'Church may be limited to the casual association of Salt Lake City polygamy . Pairs of missionaries in neckties going door to door but. That may be about to change she mormons -- Mormon is in ', "musical the book of Mormon. There's also the popular TLC reality show sister wives I think there's credit. And it's HBO dramatic equivalent big love all the traditions my wife but it doesn't mean you're my only one. The pop culture for trails offering twisted and distorted view of the religion. The church denounces polygamy of course a practice that is confined to a handful of extremist cults with no ties to the church of latter day ", "would have used air conditioning refrigerators Spartan lifestyle. And then practically camping with his mother's.  Sister wives  five. Mother's hold his father wouldn't let them laugh too large He could count the number of T that was showing ", "refrigerators -- -- Spartan lifestyle. And then practically camping with his mother's. Sister wives five. Mother's -- hold his father wouldn't let them laugh too large He could count the number of T that was showing ", "cope. Complicit and the women are very. Like they're very. The security about their husband of using their their  sister wives  the otherwise. And if if he's abusing at one of their sister and they they viewed as well she's really she's evil ", "Like they're very. The security about their husband of using their their sister wives -- the otherwise. And if if he's abusing at one of their sister -- and they they viewed as well she's really ", 'people to escape from the world of  polygamy . And also Cindy six Cindy black more sixteen years old who was trapped in  polygamy  she says until Took her in as a legal idea that we have that these are  sister wives  who are loving and happy all day ', 'became one of the youngest people to escape from the world of polygamy . And also Cindy six Cindy black more sixteen years old who was trapped in polygamy she says until -- Took her in as a legal guardian and thank you. Folks for coming to us -- -- know ']