['about winning maybe in the next year falls next year but. Taking it step by step as commercial break I saw the first  bachelorette  tryst and her husband Ryan when I was not bail a couple of weeks ago they had children now and but you know that there ', 'by step -- as -- -- commercial break I saw the first bachelorette tryst and her husband Ryan when I was not bail a couple of weeks ago they had children now and but you ', "Bad boy Bentley Williams called it quits on  the bachelorette . Leaving  Ashley . Controversial contestant He made it clear to the figure out. My goodness Bentley events sat down with  Ashley  and that He missed his daughter too much and that's ", 'Bad boy Bentley Williams called it quits on the bachelorette . Leaving Ashley . Controversial contestant He made it clear to the audience at the very beginning He was not interested actually but still -- actually ', 'A former  bachelorette  contestant. Was found dead on the side of the highway he watched the  Jillian Harris  season which was 2009. You may or passing of course as you can imagine  Jillian Harris  at a lot get a cast members were offering ', "A former bachelorette contestant. Was found dead on the side of the highway -- he watched the Jillian Harris season which was 2009. You may or may not remember this guy's name is Julian hug in the one of the reasons ", 'it is just a sad passing of course as you can imagine Jillian Harris -- at a lot get a cast members were offering their condolences to the family and saying what a great guy he ', "majority of find out from from. Last night fans at this viewing party in cedar grove New Jersey watching anxiously. As a  bachelorette . Actually eight proposed to not widely Sammy. Yeah. But that's news. Isn't it a finalist the proposal ended ", "this viewing party in cedar grove New Jersey watching anxiously. As a bachelorette . Actually eight -- -- proposed to not widely Sammy. Yeah. But that's -- news. -- -- Isn't it a finalist -- the ", 'heat index. A shocking revelation from former " bachelorette "  meredith phillips , her long secret battle with alcoholism on screen bob\'s season. Then as the franchise\'s second " bachelorette ." She accepted the pro posed of ian McKee. Will ', 'That would be on the heat index. A shocking revelation from former " bachelorette " meredith phillips , her long secret battle with alcoholism on screen and off. Bianna golodryga hat down wit her for an interview. Reporter: These days, she\'s taking life one step at a time. Not long ago, she was taking them one rose at a time. Ther model came in third on bachelor bob\'s season. Then as the franchise\'s second " bachelorette ." She accepted the pro posed of ian McKee. Will you? Yes. Reporter: Were you in love? Mm-hmm. I wasn\'t expecting him to ', "night actually made her choice on the season finale of  the bachelorette . Take a look on the big moment. Eighteen million we know the track record unfortunate for couples on  the bachelorette  and bachelor. It's not exactly stellar two couples ", "from last night actually made her choice on the season finale of the bachelorette . Take a look on the big moment. Eighteen million that's the last. Then finally room. Makes you all sappy side president. Amy ", "this and because we know the track record unfortunate for couples on the bachelorette and bachelor. It's not exactly stellar two couples have actually made it down the -- in the total of the nineteen seasons ", 'favorite and grow remaining  Deanna Pappas . Got the shock of a lifetime you know I want her about  the bachelorette  it seems like  the bachelorette . Have a lot more success And you can check out  the bachelorette  season finale which airs ', "congratulations. That's wonderful. Thank you. Now you know I want her about the bachelorette it seems like the bachelorette . Have a lot more success than some of the bachelor's in sustaining relationships of course there's -- -- the original bachelorette . You think about that. I really can't go off of the past relationships off the past -- bachelorette . I can only do what's best for myself and I know that I put a 100% and to any relationship and I ", 'us and congratulations. Thank you so months. And you can check out the bachelorette season finale which airs on Monday at 87 -- -- Right here in -- -- ', "been looking at the the past but here's a look at  the bachelorette  future. How the next woman to hand out those roses they were auditioning that Alley would be the next  bachelorette . Already she was on some Asked him. And a casting ", "been looking at the -- the past but here's a look at the bachelorette future. How -- the next woman to hand out those roses is getting ready for her return to the bachelor pad. Please ", "the edge of their waiting to see what happens with  the bachelorette . She started with 25 suitors 25 guys trying to get reveals the man of her dreams. On the for anomaly of  the bachelorette . Dion a this is actually here and I'm One in yeah ", "the edge of their -- -- waiting to see what happens with the bachelorette . She started with 25 suitors 25 guys trying to get her attention -- -- -- she reveals the man of her dreams. On the for anomaly of the bachelorette . Dion a -- this is actually here and I'm -- -- -- -- One in yeah. -- -- -- And not exactly ", "tonight the emotional finale of  the bachelorette  and I'm gonna admit something mess either probably or tonight  the bachelorette  Alley made the most important word to describe the season of  the bachelorette  that word would be amazing ", "As you know tonight the emotional finale of the bachelorette and I'm gonna admit something and I hope you don't think less of me for saying this but. I haven't cried this much watching TV show since TR Knight left Grey's Anatomy and absolute mess either probably or tonight the bachelorette Alley made the most important decision a person can never make she. Converted to Islam. Now Shabazz. -- -- Mohammed. The taos ", "at. I need it. I thought I should make Alley the permanent bachelorette And -- him well this I'm sure Roberta would understand -- it's my job. It was a very strong season a fact that I had to choose one word to describe the season of the bachelorette that word would be amazing. The word amazing was used about a 160 times this season we turned into a drinking game ", 'And looking up  the bachelorette  light and style has some new buzz about the show their actually spoke to decider reports that the original  bachelorette  and she says that those two guys are actually hurt ', 'And looking up the bachelorette light and style has some new buzz about the show their editor at large at Don panic is here to share hi ', "hate him and after last night he's the uncontested  bachelorette  enemy number one. This he's the evil bachelor that is a big dancer she you know she even performed in  the bachelorette  a couple of times there she is in Las Vegas. Andrea ", "She is a big dancer she you know she even performed in the bachelorette a couple of times -- there she is in Las Vegas. Andrea. Thank you I don't know what it is I I ", 'the origi " bachelorette " trista who the original  bachelorette . Back then he was  trista rehn . She hit the first " bachelorette " wedding after. " Bachelorette " you were came out of " the bachelorette ." For me ', 'only successful marriage. Marriage, I guess. -- Marriage that came out of " the bachelorette ." For me, it\'s commitment, knowing that divorce is not an option. You work through the hard times, and you celebrate the good ', "weekly here what all the buzz on  the bachelorette . Is editor at large on on you great seeing the and expense and power with  Ashley  Avant like I said I mean it is is back out of the good news is that  Ashley  tells us clearly that she's happy ", "issue of life and style weekly here what all the buzz on the bachelorette . Is editor at large on -- -- on you great to see you don't. So here -- the big -- shocker right ", 'Bachelorette  fans still buzzing about supposed to be vying for  Ashley  bears hand in marriage admitted He wished instead  the bachelorette  was released from last happens next to continue  the bachelorette  next Monday at eight ', 'heart. My heart back or stomach. -- even admitted He wished instead the bachelorette was released from last season calling her a standout and actually an ugly duckling. I would literally rather -- Sony and -- ', 'can thanks very much we find out what happens next to continue the bachelorette next Monday at eight. 7 central right here on ABC. ', "So there are millions of ABC's the bachelor and  bachelorette  have been going on for very long time one of those women I I don't. To the to have signed up to be and  the bachelorette . I mean. The show has been on for quite awhile now ", "don't. To the -- to have -- signed up to be and the bachelorette . I mean. The show has been on -- for quite awhile now it's been on for -- eight seasons or. Ten seasons ", "Bachelorette  is back and she's Millions of people  Deanna Pappas  get rejected on for true love on  the bachelorette . ABC's Karen time. But now  Deanna Pappas  has the last laugh time. As the new  bachelorette  but started to ", "Bachelorette is back and she's -- -- for love. Millions of people -- Deanna Pappas get rejected on the bachelor but now she's in control and hoping for true love on the bachelorette . ABC's Karen winter Brill hung out -- -- and -- do's and don'ts for finding the right man. Believe she had found true love. I can't look you in your -- and tell you that I loved him. We watch the dramatic and devastating last minute rejection by Brad Womack on the bachelor to be sold her. And that all of the same time. But now Deanna Pappas has the last laugh as she gets -- Easton and here I am getting the best opportunity of my life time. As the new bachelorette but started to show -- -- dating how many men. I was dating 25. I'm living every girls -- here is now. ", 'relatively new Hollywood couple Joseph Jonas and  Ashley  and they have recently started dating they met when talking about some other bachelor romances.  Deanna Pappas  and holly both X  bachelorette  and there are soon to be sister in law explained ', 'to get cash. Now when talking about some other bachelor -- romances. Deanna Pappas and holly -- -- both X bachelorette and there are soon to be sister in law -- explained that so neither woman found love on the show but after ', "deadly they've been through enough herself into.  The bachelorette Deanna Pappas  right she is no longer  the bachelorette . She married we have exclusive their wedding her ", "if this strong woman she's deadly they've been through enough herself into. The bachelorette Deanna Pappas right she is no longer the bachelorette . She married we have exclusive -- their wedding her and Stevens Leon now. They had a really -- Georgia wedding very southern "]