["Turn now to one of my favorite shows the  real housewives of orange county  and with joining us is startling curtain. LN I can't hey she joins us today show offered new thing it's after undergoing for ", "Turn now to one of my favorite shows the real housewives of orange county and -- with joining us is startling curtain. LN I can't hey she joins us today show offered new thing it's after ", "inside the lives of ladies who lunch with the  real housewives of Orange County . It was kind of fee. Sort of ripped off Yeah. My boss said let's call it the  real housewives of Orange County  in case we ever do this in another city ", 'Offering a peek inside the lives of ladies who lunch with the real housewives of Orange County . It was kind of fee. Sort of ripped off a Desperate Housewives meets like Laguna Beach mansion to the apple tracks news ', "called the real housewives. Yeah. My boss said let's call it the real housewives of Orange County in case we ever do this in another city. I -- this is ridiculous this is never gonna happen in another city. ", "hub of water cooler conversation. I was more. again and you know I'm having my. The show the original  real housewives of Orange County . Ray Lewis was telling was kind of to me the story told in the mid two thousands about. This kind of very ", "again and you know I'm having my. The show -- the original real housewives of Orange County . Ray Lewis was telling was kind of to me the story told in the mid two thousands about. This kind of very ", "In the eighty's classic dynasty they cat fights were over men. Nasty gossip ignited this scene on the  real housewives of Orange County . And who could forget the annual running of the brides. And but a brawl over frozen Begin pad Thai with ", 'cat fights were over men. Nasty gossip ignited this scene on the real housewives of Orange County . And who could forget the annual running of the brides. And but a brawl over frozen Begin pad Thai with tofu yep ', 'creme I have heard it decries the sprawling ranch home was just built in the exclusive neighborhood where the  real housewives of Orange County  used to. Every room is a showcase is a showcase. Would you like to see luxury real estate agent and Kennedy ', 'sprawling ranch home was just built in the exclusive neighborhood where the real housewives of Orange County used to. Every room is a showcase is a showcase. Would you like to see -- luxury real estate agent -- and ', 'lifestyle her passion for wealth and her driver success is documented on hit TV show. Joining us from the  real housewives of Orange County  is Gun belts in the morning making morning thanks for having me did I miss pronounce your last name perfect ', 'success is documented on -- hit TV show. Joining us from the real housewives of Orange County is -- Gun belts in the morning making morning thanks for having me did I miss pronounce your last name -- perfect ', "you're looking for news on this week's family dramas here probably going to wanna start with Gretchen.  real housewives of Orange County  taking her fiance and yes. For some motorcycles up. You guys. tell Gretchen party had his midlife crisis ", "week's family dramas here probably going to wanna start with Gretchen. -- real housewives of Orange County taking her fiance and yes. For some motorcycles up. You guys. -- tell Gretchen -- party had his midlife crisis. Midlife crisis ", "people in our culture of taking this fashion cues from the Pussycat Dolls girls gone wild. Even you know the  real housewives of Orange County  to me they look that it. any pointers no offense girls. But in it's a super hyper sexy. That my issue ", "cues from the Pussycat Dolls girls gone wild. Even you know the real housewives of Orange County to me they look -- that it. -- any -- -- pointers -- -- no offense girls. But in it's a super ", 'the premise of the new reality series on Bravo. Call date my ex smiley manager and former fiance to the  real housewives of Orange County  star Joan Taylor rose. Takes an unprecedented approach to helping his former sweetie venture out into the ', 'Call date my ex -- smiley manager and former fiance to the real housewives of Orange County star Joan Taylor rose. Takes an unprecedented approach to helping his former sweetie venture out into the dating world again. So ever ', 'had a great time with I must say I think they a lot easier than they thought it would be. Now we that are  real housewives of Orange County . How different there the housewives of New York City Harry different. Well you know the housewives of the ', 'easier than they thought it would be. Now we -- that are real housewives of Orange County . How different there -- the housewives of New York City Harry -- different. Well you know the housewives of the Orange County ']