["Fresh off her victory last Sunday  Julianna Margulies  returns more drama on  the good wife . Season three that hit show premieres have to say right up front that  the good wife  has moved now. Yes and it's ", 'Fresh off her -- victory last Sunday Julianna Margulies returns -- more drama on the good wife . Season three that hit show premieres Sunday night she talked to Peter Travers on popcorn about. Moving to a new night and ', "I know he's entered the library. But the time code. I'm not traffic shows that the driver of your car was running a red light just outside to escapes the exact moment of the interface telling. That means that the driver of your car if that is you. Couldn't have been involved in rallies I to", "popcorn and today's guest is  Julianna Margulies  the rest new winner. A best lead grew up into herself and so being  the good wife  being a good mother being this question about your 400 talk about  the good wife  you know I think it's really ", "Hi everybody I'm Peter Travers this -- popcorn and today's guest is Julianna Margulies the rest new winner. A best lead actress in drama theories but the good. -- and big -- ever get that they ", "Sutherland I'm sort of somewhat troublesome element that would this morning at 24 cushion us for sex in the city and  the good wife . They're moving now from the small screen to Broadway part of the all star all male cast in the first Broadway revival ", "this morning at 24 cushion us for sex in the city and the good wife . They're moving now from the small screen to Broadway part of the all star all male cast in the first Broadway revival. ", "finishing our last episode and picked up for another year  the good wife  and it's been a huge. Yeah hit thirteen million job and the cast is marvelous of course she led by  Julianna Margulies  yes fantastic About I know that there is a romance ", "-- -- and the cast is marvelous of course she led by Julianna Margulies yes fantastic -- About I know that there is a romance brewing but there's -- a political difference between your I don't ", "hardest category to call. I mean you have a show like  the good wife  which is consistently. Excellent you have Dextre which Connie Britton from Friday Night Lights Kathy Bates  Julianna Margulies . Who's got the favorite. I'm done with my heart ", "drama and you've got Connie Britton from Friday Night Lights Kathy Bates Julianna Margulies . Who's got the favorite. I'm done with my heart here I absolutely love the good life with love I'm Juliana margulies Affleck ", "bates, harry's law. Glenn close, damages. Claire danes, homeland. Michelle dockery, downton abbey.  Julianna margulies ,  the good wife . And elizabeth moss, mad men. For lead actor in a drama series, the nom niece are, hugh bonneville ", "harry's law. Glenn close, damages. Claire danes, homeland. Michelle dockery, downton abbey. Julianna margulies , the good wife And elizabeth moss, mad men. For lead actor in a drama series, the nom niece are, hugh bonneville, downton abbey. Skooef buscemi, ", 'costner. A likely winner. Not that I have a favorite but so many for the import, downton abbey. But not  the good wife . Though  julianna margulies  won last year. Speaking of favorites, louis c.K. Being nominated for an underrated series. A lot ', 'a favorite but so many for the import, downton abbey. But not the good wife . Though julianna margulies won last year. Speaking of favorites, louis c.K. Being nominated for an underrated series. A lot more coming up. Jimmy kimmel nominated. ', 'minute breaking bad. Dexter  the good wife  lost mad men and treat blood Friday Night Lights again.  Julianna Margulies  of  the good wife . Mariska Hargitay and law know denominator before a  Julianna Margulies  dobbs is the new one with ', "closer Glenn Close of damages Connie Britton of Friday Night Lights again. Julianna Margulies of the good wife Mariska Hargitay and law and order special victims unit and January Jones of mad men. She keeps getting nominated yet -- -- all these apps have been you know denominator before a Julianna Margulies dobbs is the new one with the good wife and I think she's got a good shot to take it like -- said. Maybe there's some fatigue the other actresses -- are fantastic we've seen them all -- before. And I think there's a lot of support for the good wife And she is the centerpiece of that show so I feel like all the votes may come to her right let's see ", 'empire. Dexter. Friday Night Lights. Damon owns.  The good wife  and amendment. The nominees for lead actress in targets say law and order special victims unit.  Julianna Margulies the good wife  and Elisabeth Moss mad men. For lead actor in a ', "series category are. Boardwalk empire. Dexter. Friday Night Lights. Damon -- owns. The good wife and amendment. The nominees for lead actress in a drama series are. Kathy Bates Harry's law. Connie Britton Friday Night Lights. -- -- the killing. -- targets say law and order special victims unit. Julianna Margulies the good wife and Elisabeth Moss mad men. For lead actor in a drama series nominees are. Steve Buscemi boardwalk empire. Kyle Chandler Friday Night ", "actress in drama series Glenn Close Connie Britton.  Julianna Margulies  park a day and January Jones backed that Matt and what a lot of buzz and and that's Julian margulies in  the good wife  I've heard such good things about show and is picking ", "lead actress in -- drama series -- -- Glenn Close Connie Britton. Julianna Margulies -- park a day and January Jones backed that Matt and what do you think there. You know again on the go with a little bit of -- and go with a little known show this get a lot of buzz and and that's Julian margulies in the good wife I've heard such good things about -- show and is picking up some steam. And again I think it's a way to ", "we'll talk about the small screen really really.  Julianna Margulies  won for best actress in a TV drama for her role in  the good wife  yes that's not not a surprise now she is a break ", "time absolutely wonderful -- we'll talk about the small screen really really. Julianna Margulies won for best actress in a TV drama for her role in the good wife yes that's not not a surprise now she is a break out this year for the good -- what an amazing comeback ", 'everyone on board works in Hollywood including  Josh Charles  one of the stars of  the good wife  and happy way. It happens here at the Gramercy experience kinda TV would not be the same without  Josh Charles  know that and hurt so okay the research that ', 'Or inception. The priority most everyone on board works in Hollywood including Josh Charles one of the stars of the good wife and happy way. It happens here at the Gramercy Park hotel in New York City right after the premiere of the new ', "After the experience kinda -- TV would not be the same without Josh Charles know that -- and hurt so -- -- -- okay the research that he was very upset by it he wasn't making "]