["Hollywood legend was reportedly told his family would die if he didn't pay 4 million.", 'Harvey Weinstein  is one of the most powerful men in Hollywood the head of an award winning film studio. And today a wannabe actor is behind bars ', 'Harvey Weinstein is one of the most powerful men in Hollywood the head of an award winning film studio. And today a wannabe actor ', "as ABC parent company they have sold  Miramax . Yes six before I'm about 660. million company founded in 1979 by Bowman and  Harvey Weinstein  an after that moment that Miriam and cement  Miramax . Com and if that's how this for a ", "which I should say as ABC -- parent company they have sold Miramax . Yes six before I'm about 660. -- million dollars this was the other company founded in 1979 by Bowman and Harvey Weinstein an -- after that moment that Miriam and -- -- cement Miramax . Com and -- -- if that's how this for a long time and that they sold it to a group of investors. ", 'confidential. Jennifer Lawrence won best actress saying. She thanked her family director fellow cast members and honcho  Harvey Weinstein  and then. I but I always illegal to light up that. Her views arguing seemed pretty for a little bit become apparent ', 'saying. She thanked her family -- director fellow cast members and honcho Harvey Weinstein and then. I -- -- but I always illegal to light up that. Her views -- arguing seemed pretty for a little ', "sessions. And Amy Adams in the master. Congratulations you five ladies no longer have to pretend to be attracted to  Harvey Weinstein  and. It's okay. We're best animated found the nominees are. Franken we need Tim Burton. The pirates band ", "you five ladies no longer have to pretend to be attracted to Harvey Weinstein and. It's okay. We're best animated -- -- found the nominees are. Franken we need Tim Burton. The pirates band of misfits ", "sessions. And Amy Adams in the master. Congratulations you five ladies no longer have to pretend to be attracted to  Harvey Weinstein . We're best animated feature film the nominees are. Franken we need Tim Burton. The pirates band of misfits ", "you five ladies no longer have to pretend to be attracted to Harvey Weinstein . We're best animated feature film the nominees are. Franken we need Tim Burton. The pirates band of misfits Peter lord. Wreck it ", "sessions. And Amy Adams in the master. Congratulations five ladies no longer have to pretend to be attracted to  Harvey Weinstein . We're best animated feature film the nominees are there. Franken we need Tim Burton. The pirates band of misfits ", "-- five ladies no longer have to pretend to be attracted to Harvey Weinstein . We're best animated feature film the nominees are there. Franken we need Tim Burton. The pirates band of misfits Peter lord. Wreck ", 'most successful producers on the planet. How did this aspiring actor try to blackmail millions out of movie mogul  harvey weinstein ? Who took the photos of harry that raced around the world online? Was it one of his inner circle? Harry gets ready ', 'did this aspiring actor try to blackmail millions out of movie mogul harvey weinstein ? Who took the photos of harry that raced around the world online? Was it one of his inner circle? Harry gets ready ', "Again and other groups that it's one of music's hottest about to become a movie star Katy Perry movie mogul.  Harvey Weinstein  were seen huddling at his big pre Oscar party. Talking about a terrific film project in which she play the wife ", 'hottest -- about to become a movie star Katy Perry movie mogul. Harvey Weinstein were seen huddling at his big pre Oscar party. Talking about a terrific film project in which she play the wife of ', "double the. Obama found it earned this and that it. I'm gonna ask them What do you think now that you have.  Harvey Weinstein . And then here's like this I am I I just like the great thing I got that are at. And with or if the Oscars this ", "ask them -- -- What do you think now that you have. Harvey Weinstein . And then here's -- like this I am I I just like the great thing I got that are at. And with ", 'yellow we all of the shears and that ran in the man is so vibrant. Georgina and that designers designers married to  Harvey Weinstein  by the way who has a few nomination here with the artist. And that all dressed on the end look to see them Viola ', 'man is so vibrant. Georgina and that designers -- designers married to Harvey Weinstein by the way who has a few nomination -- -- here with the artist. And that all dressed on the end -- ', "doubts and fears and are certain themes that even though it's a period can it be related to our lives today I think  Harvey Weinstein  noticed that there is such a great job of championing this movie getting people excited about a silent film in 2012 ", "can it be related to our lives today -- -- I think Harvey Weinstein noticed that there is such a great job of championing this movie getting people excited about a silent film in 2012 it's ", "the iron lady she might walk another streak of broken dreams at this year's show. For while master Oscar mogul  Harvey Weinstein  beats the best actress on her behalf. The exquisite Viola Davis remains the slight betting choice for the health ", "of broken dreams at this year's show. For while master Oscar mogul Harvey Weinstein beats the best actress -- on her behalf. The exquisite Viola Davis remains the slight betting choice for the health and he's ", "The rhythm of one's seen bounces to can be emotionally and a very striking. Out of the talking about cuts.  Harvey Weinstein  his wisdom decided to release the King's Speech in its PG format not Yeah. But And I think that's that's it ", "-- a very striking. Out of the -- -- talking about cuts. Harvey Weinstein -- his wisdom decided to release the King's Speech in its PG format not -- Yeah. But -- -- -- And I ", "Toy Story 3 best animated film and with the battle for the Austin less than two weeks away king's speech producer  Harvey Weinstein  threw down dog ordinance it was a good night for them. But it was a better night for us it's handled anyone could ", "battle for the Austin less than two weeks away king's speech producer Harvey Weinstein threw down dog ordinance it was a good night for them. But it was a better night for us it's handled -- ", "them that had their email address taken. about prominent people like New York mayor Michael Bloomberg. Movie mogul  Harvey Weinstein . Also just really. The kind of scary for people to know that their data is out there and here's what happened ", "-- about prominent people like New York mayor Michael Bloomberg. Movie mogul Harvey Weinstein . Also just really. The kind of scary for people to know that their data is out there and here's what happened. So ", "break not quite. Damon and Blanket Good Will Hunting they mailed to their director Kevin Smith who was working.  Harvey Weinstein  and we caught up Harvey and we said there's a script. The friends of ours room and it feels like it wouldn't ", "Hunting they mailed to their -- director Kevin Smith who was working. Harvey Weinstein and we caught up Harvey and we said -- there's a script. The friends of ours room and it feels like it ", "liked her they depicted as number one. Would they take. and is number three but I'm not picking him once so He  Harvey Weinstein  who runs the Weinstein Co. put this is playing. This capacity He wants so much. Four and glorious bastards to ", "is -- number three but I'm not picking him once so He Harvey Weinstein who runs the Weinstein Co. put this is playing. This capacity He wants so much. Four and glorious bastards to surprise everybody ", "deaths. It plays the beginning of recently released dvds aimed at teenagers and has the backing of movie producer  Harvey Weinstein . So what's pushing this maybe you to a new survey showed 80% of adults believe teens are more likely to smoke ", "released dvds aimed at teenagers and has the backing of movie producer Harvey Weinstein . So what's pushing this maybe you to a new survey showed 80% of adults believe teens are more likely to smoke if ", "deaths. It plays the beginning of recently released dvds aimed at teenagers and has the backing of movie producer  Harvey Weinstein . So what's pushing this maybe you a new survey showed 80% of adults believe teens are more likely to smoke if ", "released dvds aimed at teenagers and has the backing of movie producer Harvey Weinstein . So what's pushing this maybe you a new survey showed 80% of adults believe teens are more likely to smoke if they "]