[' WASHINGTON - U.S. growers, the United Farm Workers union and key senators  agreed in principle on immigration reform for farm laborers, a grower coalition  said on Friday, assuring the issue will be part of a comprehensive immigration  bill to be unveiled next week.The agreement calls for the creation of a new guest worker program to replace  the current H-2A program and legal status for farmworkers who entered the  United States illegally.Officials said they would work over the weekend to flesh out the agreement.  The Agriculture Workforce Coalition, representing a dozen U.S. farm groups, said  the agreement was a step toward assuring a legal workforce on U.S. farms and  ranches.Many of the 1.5 million agricultural workers, perhaps 500,000-900,000 in all,  are believed to be undocumented aliens. Farmers, ranchers and nursery operators  say the immigrant workers are vital because it is difficult to recruit Americans  for the low-paying, often back-breaking labor such as picking fruit or daily  care of livestock.Immigration reform has two major components for agriculture - assuring a  workforce in the short-term and a long-term plan for foreign workers filling  U.S. jobs.Farmworkers in the country without documentation who agree to work in  agriculture for an additional five to seven years would become eligible for a  "green card" allowing permanent U.S. residence, according to two officials. The  workers would hold legal status, dubbed a "blue card" by negotiators, during the  interim.The new guest worker program would include a system for setting pay scales  and initially would have a high ceiling for the number of visas that could be  granted. After five years, the cap could be adjusted by the Agriculture  Department. There would be a mechanism for meeting emergency needs for  workers.A wage base would be set for six occupational categories with a mechanism to  adjust wages annually. The four major job categories would be crop workers,  livestock workers, sorters and graders who work in packing houses, and equipment  operators."For many farmers across the country, finding a sufficient number of workers  to harvest crops or care for animals is the biggest challenge they face in  running their businesses," said the grower coalition. "There is a shortage of  U.S. workers willing and able to perform farm work."Growers say the H-2A program is unwieldy to use, takes too long to recruit a  sufficient number of workers and sets wages above the rural average. The United  Farm Workers warned against setting wages so low they undercut other jobs and  are too paltry to support a family.When the "gang of eight" senators began work in January, they said  agricultural workers should be treated differently than laborers in other  sectors because of the importance of a safe and reliable food supply.']