['2013 Emmy Nominees CBS/AP Photo  Julianna Margulies  Many were surprised when " The Good Wife " actress\'s name didn\'t appear cool. Though I feel bad for \' The Good Wife ,\' which is still very good but ', 'reviews, could be left off the roster. Lead Actress, Drama Predicted Nominees Claire Danes, "Homeland";  Julianna Margulies , " The Good Wife "; Michelle Dockery, "Downton Abbey"; Elisabeth Moss, "Mad Men"; Kerry Washington, "Scandal ', 'Dockery, "Downton Abbey";  Julianna Margulies , " The Good Wife "; Elisabeth Moss, "Mad are: Christine Baranski, " The Good Wife "; Joanne Froggatt, "Downton Men"; Archie Panjabi, " The Good Wife "; Maggie Smith, "Downton ', 'Scott, which produced the CBS dramas "NUMB3RS," " The Good Wife " and the 2012 blockbuster "Prometheus." Hollywood Wood: "awful news about Tony Scott. rest in peace."  Josh Charles : "I\'m deeply shocked and saddened by the news of ', 'Harry\'s Law" Glenn Close, "Damages" Claire Danes, "Homeland" Michelle Dockery, "Downton Abbey"  Julianna Margulies , " The Good Wife " Elisabeth Moss, "Mad Men" Best Actor in a Drama Series Hugh Bonneville, "Downton Abbey" Steve Buscemi ', 'Tamarra/FilmMagic/Getty Images  Julianna Margulies \' former managers filed a lawsuit addition, the suit states that " The Good Wife " actress should keep paying them television series project, \' The Good Wife .\'" The series eventually became ', 'Anarchy NYPD Blue, ER, The West Wing, CSI, Lost,  The Good Wife , In Treatment, Glee, Smash Stephen Bochco Hill Night Lights, Boston Public, Roswell Michelle and  Robert King The Good Wife , In Justice Peter Krause Sports Night, Six Feet ', 'up anticipation for special reasons. Example A: "  The Good Wife  ." The season three finale will see Louis Canning bankrupt Lockhart Gardner, the law firm for which  Julianna Margulies \' character works. Clearly the guy means business ', 'that the actor that played him,  Chris Noth  did exactly the same thing. The 57-year-old actor who now stars on " The Good Wife " and his longtime girlfriend for Carrie and Big." Maybe for  Chris Noth  and Tara Wilson too.', 'Constance - AMERICAN HORROR STORY (FX)  JULIANNA MARGULIES  / Alicia Florrick -  THE GOOD WIFE  (CBS) KYRA SEDGWICK / Dept. Chief Brenda DEXTER (Showtime) GAME OF THRONES (HBO)  THE GOOD WIFE  (CBS) Outstanding Performance by an Ensemble ', 'drama prize over " The Good Wife ." Ray Tamarra Order: SVU";  Julianna Margulies , " The Good Wife "; Elisabeth Moss of Thrones";  Josh Charles , " The Good Wife "; Alan Cumming category. But " The Good Wife " is the only broadcast ', "We all know and love him as big on sex in the city or more recently as the sex scandalized governor on  the good wife  but there is more Chris then just campaigns is a huge supporter. Of food relief programs and he's teaming up with BV on a great ", "in the city or more recently as the sex scandalized governor on the good wife but there is more Chris -- then just -- -- -- campaigns is a huge supporter. Of food relief programs and he's ", "Fresh off her victory last Sunday  Julianna Margulies  returns more drama on  the good wife . Season three that hit show premieres have to say right up front that  the good wife  has moved now. Yes and it's ", 'Fresh off her -- victory last Sunday Julianna Margulies returns -- more drama on the good wife . Season three that hit show premieres Sunday night she talked to Peter Travers on popcorn about. Moving to a new night and ', "I know he's entered the library. But the time code. I'm not traffic shows that the driver of your car was running a red light just outside to escapes the exact moment of the interface telling. That means that the driver of your car if that is you. Couldn't have been involved in rallies I to", "popcorn and today's guest is  Julianna Margulies  the rest new winner. A best lead grew up into herself and so being  the good wife  being a good mother being this question about your 400 talk about  the good wife  you know I think it's really ", "Hi everybody I'm Peter Travers this -- popcorn and today's guest is Julianna Margulies the rest new winner. A best lead actress in drama theories but the good. -- and big -- ever get that they ", "Sutherland I'm sort of somewhat troublesome element that would this morning at 24 cushion us for sex in the city and  the good wife . They're moving now from the small screen to Broadway part of the all star all male cast in the first Broadway revival ", "this morning at 24 cushion us for sex in the city and the good wife . They're moving now from the small screen to Broadway part of the all star all male cast in the first Broadway revival. ", "finishing our last episode and picked up for another year  the good wife  and it's been a huge. Yeah hit thirteen million job and the cast is marvelous of course she led by  Julianna Margulies  yes fantastic About I know that there is a romance ", "-- -- and the cast is marvelous of course she led by Julianna Margulies yes fantastic -- About I know that there is a romance brewing but there's -- a political difference between your I don't ", "hardest category to call. I mean you have a show like  the good wife  which is consistently. Excellent you have Dextre which Connie Britton from Friday Night Lights Kathy Bates  Julianna Margulies . Who's got the favorite. I'm done with my heart ", "drama and you've got Connie Britton from Friday Night Lights Kathy Bates Julianna Margulies . Who's got the favorite. I'm done with my heart here I absolutely love the good life with love I'm Juliana margulies Affleck "]