['in politics by joining the Booker bandwagon. In April, former United Artists CEO and notable Hollywood Republican  Jerry Weintraub  hosted a fundraiser for Booker at his Beverly Hills mansion. The guest list included industry heavyweights like director ', 'premiered Thursday on HBO . The film is produced by  Jerry Weintraub , who has been friends with Bush for decades. "I Sawyer\'s interview with President George H.W. Bush and  Jerry Weintraub  Friday on "World News with Diane Sawyer" at 6 ', "So they talked instead and he asked her out the next day. It was stories like this that attracted longtime friend  Jerry Weintraub  to the project. He is the executive producer of this film which will be released to coincide with Bush's 88 th ", 'and Cameron Diaz; directors Ivan Reitman, Mel Brooks, Garry Marshall, Michael Moore and Nora Ephron; producers  Jerry Weintraub  and Harvey Weinstein; writer Neil Simon, and critics and writers Peter Travers, Janet Maslin, James Lipton, Ben ', 'and Cameron Diaz; directors Ivan Reitman, Mel Brooks, Garry Marshall, Michael Moore and Nora Ephron; producers  Jerry Weintraub  and Harvey Weinstein; writer Neil Simon, and critics/writers Peter Travers, Janet Maslin, James Lipton, Ben Mankiewicz ', "Legendary film producer  Jerry Weintraub  recalls life lessons that helped him become the person he is Talking, You'll Know I'm Dead Copyright (c) 2010 by  Jerry Weintraub . Reprinted by permission of Twelve Books/Hachette Book Group ", 'celebrities-turned-activists have pointed their fingers directly at China. George Clooney, Brad Pitt, Matt Damon, Don Cheadle and  Jerry Weintraub  are in the process of creating the foundation Not on Our Watch and have donated $5.5 million raised at premieres ', 'corral the cast of "Oceans 13" -- including George Clooney, Brad Pitt, Matt Damon, Don Cheadle and producer  Jerry Weintraub  -- to talk about their much-anticipated summer movie and a cause close to their hearts. The group announced that ', 'year Clooney co-founded Not on Our Watch with his celebrity friends and "Ocean\'s 13" co-stars Brad Pitt,  Jerry Weintraub , Matt Damon and Don Cheadle, to help bring attention to the genocide in Darfur. The group continues to work to ', '"Ocean\'s 13" producer  Jerry Weintraub  has had a lot of good times lately. His movie opened at No. 1 at the box office during the weekend, grossing $37.1 million ', "note. Richardson received donations from actors Michael Douglas and Val Kilmer , singer Randy Travis , film producer  Jerry Weintraub  , former NFL coach Barry Switzer , racing's Al Unser and Pennsylvania Gov. Ed Rendell . Judy Blume , author of ", "What should  Jerry Weintraub , the producer of Ocean's 11 and Ocean's 12, get for actress Julia Roberts' newborn twins. Name: City and State: Phone ", 'the candelabra" about liberace and his much younger male lover premiering this weekend and the man behind the movie  jerry weintraub  and stars michael douglas and matt damon sat down with abc\'s elizabeth vargas for an exclusive interview and the ', "younger male lover premiering this weekend and the man behind the movie jerry weintraub and stars michael douglas and matt damon sat down with abc's elizabeth vargas for an exclusive interview and the risks and rewards ", 'definition of Hollywood mogul with the stories to match  Jerry Weintraub  the man Bob Dylan called the whiz with the bids pencil but from my best. An excellent And I wrote down  Jerry Weintraub  presents Elvis at Madison square book. And I showed ', "is the definition of -- Hollywood mogul with the stories to match Jerry Weintraub -- the man Bob Dylan called the whiz with the bids. He's the brains behind the ocean's eleven series best friends and ", "pencil but from my best. An excellent -- And I wrote down Jerry Weintraub presents Elvis at Madison square -- book. And I showed my wife. As she said what will this 3 o'clock and don't ", "The homer raising order to talk let's start with cam at this morning the man behind it all executive producer  Jerry Weintraub  welcome back going to say thank you do it great to see you. you have done it all you've had so many blockbusters ", "-- cam at this morning the man behind it all executive producer Jerry Weintraub welcome back -- going to say thank you do it great to see you. -- you have done it all you've had ", 'that role. And it\'s not easy to wear those clothes. And he pulled that off, as well. We saw the clothes when  jerry weintraub  was here. In the studio, yeah. "Behind the candelabra" will air this sunday on hbo.', 'And he pulled that off, as well. We saw the clothes when jerry weintraub was here. In the studio, yeah. "Behind the candelabra" will air this sunday on hbo. ', "Educated perfectly white Anglo Saxon Protestant. And a from the Bronx. Back. The self described much from the Bronx is  Jerry Weintraub  a show business legend behind Sinatra in movies like ocean's eleven not to mention. Women party's high life these ", "from the Bronx. Back. The self described much from the Bronx is Jerry Weintraub a show business legend behind Sinatra -- -- in movies like ocean's eleven not to mention. Women party's high life these two ", 'her to dance. And the shirt playing have. Percent. And we chatted. And colder the next. And took her out. And  Jerry Weintraub  executives 41 joins us have great to have you thanks to that you all these big time Hollywood movies that. This is ', 'And we chatted. And colder the next. And took her out. And Jerry Weintraub executives -- 41 joins us have great to have you thanks to -- that you -- -- -- all these big time ', "million dollars and we give two words that tell you why  Jerry Weintraub . He is much more than just than Hoover producer behind speak. He A major show up in each other's lives  Jerry Weintraub  talented producer even better man.", 'million dollars and we give -- two words that tell you why Jerry Weintraub . He is much more than just than Hoover producer behind the movie he is the leader of this gang of -- we ', "don't speak. He -- A major show up in each other's lives Jerry Weintraub talented producer even better man. "]