['62. Actor David Hasselhoff is 61. Rock musician Fran Smith Jr. (The Hooters) is 61. Television producer  Mark Burnett  (" Survivor ," \'\'The Apprentice") is 53. Actress Nancy Giles is 53. Singer Regina Belle is 50. Country singer Craig ', 'This is utter nonsense," producers Roma Downey and  Mark Burnett  said in a statement. "The actor who played Satan produced by Downey and Burnett, who also produced " Survivor ," began airing March 3 and will conclude on March ', 'reality TV show guru  Mark Burnett  -- the man who made television landscape with " Survivor ," which just debuted Shark Tank" and " Survivor ," and the woman who But they are a " Survivor " family and, with that ', 'hand. Prior to the fight he had vowed to retire if he lost that fight. In addition to his three seasons hosting the  Mark Burnett  produced "Bully Beatdown" show, in which bullies were pitted against professional MMA fighters to "teach them a ', 'letter by the Nobel Prize winners, sent Monday to Clark, Chairman of NBC Entertainment Robert Greenblatt and producer  Mark Burnett , said, "This program pays homage to no one anywhere and continues and expands on an inglorious tradition of glorifying ', 'ABC News and People Magazine Present: "Best in TV: The Greatest TV Shows of Our Time" Hosted by Barbara Walters', 'luminaries like actors Tim Allen, Valerie Harper and Jimmy Smits, and producers/directors/creators Stephen Bochco,  Mark Burnett , Norman Lear, Warren Littlefield, Chuck Lorre and Shonda Rhimes, among numerous others. While on the "Best in ', 'The Simpsons, Taxi, Lou Grant, The Mary Tyler Moore Show, Phyllis, Rhoda, Room 222, The Andy Griffith Show  Mark Burnett Survivor , Celebrity Apprentice, Are You Smarter Than a 5th Grader?, Shark Tank, The Voice Cindy Chupak Sex in the City ', 'venture, "Sarah Palin\'s Alaska," which aired on TLC in 2010, Palin is reportedly collaborating with genre guru  Mark Burnett . One major difference: This series will focus on Palin\'s husband Todd and his career as a championship snowmobile ', 'how to avoid a wipeout and be a  survivor  in the shark tank that is reality-TV Expedition Impossible," with  Mark Burnett . Sarah Monson is a reality-TV shows such as "Blind Date," " Survivor " and "The Bachelor." She is ', "will actually be a series finale, according to Entertainment Weekly. EW.com reports that the show's producer  Mark Burnett  has no plans to return to Wasilla to shoot with Palin for another season of The Learning Channel show, which has some ", 'Judges will include Winfrey\'s closest colleagues, such as Dr. Phil McGraw and Gayle King . Famed reality TV creator  Mark Burnett  serves as producer. "Your OWN Show" came under fire earlier this year after allegations that Winfrey had rigged voting ', 'speed dial, because I guarantee there will be something you\'ll want to weigh in on.\'" Famed reality TV producer  Mark Burnett \'s OWN show stirred scandal months before hitting screens. " Your OWN Show: Oprah\'s Search for the Next TV Star ', 'are back, now, with the power couple,  mark burnett  and roma downey. He\'s the power behind " survivor " and "shark tank." And his wife, roma used to the tough environments. After " survivor ." I\'m used to having giant film crews ', 'We are back, now, with the power couple, mark burnett and roma downey. He\'s the power behind " survivor " and "shark tank." And his wife, roma, is an emmy-nominated actress. And they\'re joining together for producers of a brand-new epic miniseries ', "Mark Burnett  is widely considered the groundbreaking shows like  survivor  and shark tank. But it's TV star reality show guru  Mark Burnett . And she television landscape with  survivor . It was to become the and ", "Mark Burnett is widely considered the godfather of reality television the man behind groundbreaking shows like survivor and shark tank. But it's his next project that could be the most surprising -- -- -- serious about the Bible. Teaming ", "and the guy who made in the TV star reality show guru Mark Burnett . And she television landscape with survivor . It was to become the -- and human -- Now he's taking on a project truly biblical in scale. Recreating the stories ", "the job. Now here's a from this morning's good. Good morning got on ABC news now. We're back now with the power couple  Mark Burnett  and Roma Downey. He's a reality TV mogul behind hit shows like  survivor  and shark tank and his", "got on ABC news now. We're back now with the power couple Mark Burnett and Roma Downey. He's a reality TV mogul behind hit shows like survivor and shark tank and his -- ", "about this new segregated  survivor  but he it's going to the new formation of  survivor  might. Burn in hell confidence in the producers of  survivor  to handle it responsibly look Survivors creator  Mark Burnett  says the competing tribes ", "an uproar even before it returns to television. This season with a survivor program is splitting its tribes by race pitting blacks against whites against Hispanics against Asians. ABC's Dan Harris reports there is a backlash. Even some of the contestants seem worried about this new segregated survivor but he it's going to be very interest in. But I think it's potentially you know dangerous is hard enough out here to jets survived. And to have to bring the race issue into it just makes it that much harder reaction has been swift and severe that we don't need any response from them except. To -- the shelf. A protest outside CBS headquarters. An avalanche of angry editorials you said it would be wonderful to think that those responsible for the new formation of survivor might. Burn in hell. Yes. I think brining -- -- would be a good. Would be a good beginning. As if to confirm critics' fears white supremacist web sites are -- and anticipation. CBS says it's aware of the controversial nature of this new so called ethnic format. But that it has full confidence in the producers of survivor to handle it responsibly. Some minority viewers say prolonged exposure of different races could actually break down stereotypes. If you see them long enough you see them as individuals you don't see -- mrs. Asian people will all look -- Survivors creator Mark Burnett says the competing tribes white black Asian and Hispanic will eventually merge and contestants will then have to work together. Or twenty ", "profitable home. Or hidden on  mark Burnett 's latest ABC it basic talent personalities. For shows like  survivor . Blind date. And millionaire could be the next real housewife  survivor  or top chef. Check out twenty ", "on shark tank you're not profitable home. Or hidden -- -- on mark Burnett's latest ABC it basic talent expedition impossible. Prevention -- film teams of three ordinary people from around the country. We have this ", 'In the summer stunning and the to stunning did you guys make ketchup. Yet you know  Mark Burnett  is a good friend of mine now as a producer and I was on  survivor  he wound he told me is when you see this your breath will come away they get is that ', '-- to stunning did you guys -- make ketchup. Yet you know Mark Burnett is a good friend of mine now as a producer and I was on survivor he wound he told me -- -- is when you see this your breath will come away they get is that the ', 'on the board of things that you want to achieve our. You know one of my favorite stories of  Mark Burnett  before He accomplished success with  survivor  trying to get the show brought. He put himself in a picture with less about it. And showed ', 'want to achieve our. You know one of my favorite stories of Mark Burnett before He accomplished success with survivor -- trying to get the show brought. He put himself in a picture with less about it. And showed this -- sacks ']