["(Image Credit: Suzanne Hanover/ Columbia Pictures /AP Photo) It has been a while since I've been to a movie where I spontaneously half-hid my eyes from the screen in disbelief ", "(Jonathan Olley/ Columbia Pictures ) Days after U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder told ABC News the sequester will make America less safe , the nation's most ", 'Columbia Pictures  As I sat through the movie "Zero Dark Thirty," I shut my eyes in some of the "interrogation" scenes and reflected on the debate ', "identified as marketing executive Matthew Cramer, who had cooked up the reviews to promote films released by Sony subsidiary  Columbia Pictures . The Connecticut attorney general's office eventually launched an investigation into the con, and Sony agreed to pay ", 'SEALs are seen fighting through a dust storm in the new thriller directed by Kathryn Bigelow, "Zero Dark Thirty." ( Columbia Pictures /AP Photo) There\'s only one White House staffer portrayed in the new movie "Zero Dark Thirty," and it is someone ', 'Box Office Mojo reports. This year\'s "The Hunger Games" follows with an opening weekend debut of $152.5 million.  Columbia Pictures \' "Spider-Man 3" follows at no. 5 with a weekend opening of $151.1 million. That film grossed $336.5 million ', 'Tracy Bennett/Sony- Columbia Pictures /Tracy Bennett Adam Sandler earned a very dubious distinction Sunday night at the Razzie Awards in Santa Monica, California ', 'doesn\'t get too wonky." ) Mr. Smith Goes to Washington (1939) category: Amy Bingham, Digital Reporter (Image Credit:  Columbia Pictures ) Obviously. This movie is to politics what \'Cinderella\', \'Snow White\' and \'Beauty and the Beast\' are to relationships ', 'Marvel /  Columbia Pictures  The much-anticipated trailer for "The Amazing Spider-Man" hit the web - pun intended - on Tuesday. The two-and-a-half-minute ', 'Weinstein Company) BRAD PITT / Billy Beane - MONEYBALL ( Columbia Pictures ) Outstanding Performance by a Female Actor in a Leading Bros. Pictures) JONAH HILL / Peter Brand - MONEYBALL ( Columbia Pictures ) NICK NOLTE / Paddy Conlon - WARRIOR (Lionsgate) CHRISTOPHER ', 'don\'t talk about enough in this country, and we don\'t talk about it well. \'The Help\' really did help with that."  Columbia Pictures  11. \'The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo\' Will Lisbeth Salander live up to expectations on the silver screen? The hotly ', 'Joining forces with Spielberg is "Lord of the Rings" maestro Peter Jackson. The film is set for release Dec. 21.  Columbia Pictures  The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo Just two years ago, a Swedish-language version of "The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo ', 'Meryl Streep portrays Julia Child in  Columbia Pictures \' "Julie and Julia." (David Giesbrecht/Sony Pictures Entertainment) This weekend, while attending the NYC Food Film Festival ', 'USA and named after an embodiment of American itself.  Columbia Pictures  now owned by Sony. And Rockefeller Center one of the best poses a threat to American culture. Sony which now owns  Columbia Pictures  knows it must first of all appeal to American audiences ', 'born in the USA and named after an embodiment of American itself. Columbia Pictures now owned by Sony. And Rockefeller Center one of the best known pieces of American real estate. Now owned by the Japanese. ', 'companies somehow poses a threat to American culture. Sony which now owns Columbia Pictures knows it must first of all appeal to American audiences. That is why it is spending literally hundreds of millions of dollars. ', 'Goes Hollywood gonna call when it needs a blockbuster how so ghost busters. For a variety is reporting that.  Columbia Pictures  is planning to revive the eighties franchise. Studios hire writers for ghostbusters three and is hoping to get the ', 'blockbuster how -- so ghost busters. For a variety is reporting that. Columbia Pictures is planning to revive the eighties franchise. Studios hire writers for ghostbusters three and is hoping to get the original cast remember ', "problems in my business I couldn't manage all the people becoming an office all the history all the things as the head of  Columbia Pictures . And He said to me no don't you got it wrong what are they don't tell me what to do you tell me a story. He said ", "an office all the history all the things as the head of Columbia Pictures . And He said to me no don't you got it wrong what are they don't tell me what to do you tell ", "to make one of the great dreams of my life happen. Within six months I had gotten a movie going with Penny Marshall at  Columbia Pictures . Starring Jason Priestley who was at that time one of the most important actors in Hollywood. So it's really about ", "six months I had gotten a movie going with Penny Marshall at Columbia Pictures . Starring Jason Priestley who was at that time one of the most important actors in Hollywood. So it's really about recognizing that ", "you to do something you don't wanna do it's I'm not at liberty to decide to actually that's. I think that them  Columbia Pictures  father wants to release that they'll send very large men here escort you out of the studio right look at Streisand I ", "not at liberty to decide to actually that's. I think that them Columbia Pictures father wants to release that they'll send very large men here escort you out of the studio right look at Streisand I "]