['enterprise up from the usual blockbuster-sequel fare. Oh, and check out that bathtub scene. "The Wolverine," a  20th Century Fox  release in 3D, is rated PG-13 by the Motion Picture Association of America for "sequences of intense sci-fi ', 'Inc.; Disney, Pixar and Marvel are owned by The Walt Disney Co.; Miramax is owned by Filmyard Holdings LLC;  20th Century Fox  and Fox Searchlight are owned by News Corp.; Warner Bros. and New Line are units of Time Warner Inc.; MGM is ', 'served as the show\'s resident hunk with a heart of gold. The Fox network and the producers of "Glee," including  20th Century Fox  Television, have called Monteith an exceptional performer "and an even more exceptional person." Gia Milani ', 'traffic as if in an obstacle course, the obvious longshot pipsqueak favorite in a field of giants. "Turbo," a  20th Century Fox /DreamWorks Animation release, is rated PG by the Motion Picture Association of America "for some mild action and ', 'Inc.; Disney, Pixar and Marvel are owned by The Walt Disney Co.; Miramax is owned by Filmyard Holdings LLC;  20th Century Fox  and Fox Searchlight are owned by News Corp.; Warner Bros. and New Line are units of Time Warner Inc.; MGM is ', 'Saturday morning. He was believed to be alone when he died. The Fox network and the producers of "Glee," including  20th Century Fox  Television, called Monteith an exceptional performer "and an even more exceptional person." They said he was ', 'mourning this tragic loss," a representative for the actor said in a statement to ABC News. GLEE Executive Producers,  20th Century Fox  Television and FOX Broadcasting Company posted the following statement on the "Glee" Facebook page: "We are deeply ', "(Photo credit: Phil Bray/ 20th Century Fox /AP Photo) If you were looking for a comedy internship, say, eight years ago, I would've recommended interning with Vince ", 'Los Angeles Police have located the car of missing  20th Century Fox  executive Gavin Smith and are now investigating the case as a homicide. The car, a black 2000 Mercedes-Benz 420E was found ', '20th Century Fox  And winner in the category for most accurate historical drama goes to ... Wait. There is no such Oscar category. But there ', 'Image Credit: Lucas Film/ 20th Century Fox  / The Kobal Collection Enemies of the Pentagon will not witness the power of a fully operational battle station anytime soon ', "Top 10 Women on The Hollywood Reporter's List of Top 100 Women in Entertainment 2012", 'Sony Pictures Entertainment. 4. Abbe Raven, president and CEO, A+E Networks. 5. Dana Walden, chairman,  20th Century Fox  Television. 6. Nina Tassler, president, CBS Entertainment. 7. Nancy Dubuc, president of entertainment and media ', "the comedy TV the Hollywood reporter has learned that Roseanne Barr is developing a new sitcom. Called Dow mobile  20th Century Fox . The plot might sound familiar like her sitcom in the ninety's will focus on a at blue collar family during tough ", "Roseanne Barr is developing a new sitcom. Called Dow -- mobile -- 20th Century Fox . The plot might sound familiar like her sitcom in the ninety's -- will focus on a -- at blue collar family during ", "could mean the end for the Simpsons the series is in his 23 season but ratings have been down in recent years. Now  20th Century Fox  television want to cut the salaries of the voices behind homer Marge Bart and Lisa. ABC's Chris Connelly has more ", "his 23 season but ratings have been down in recent years. Now 20th Century Fox television want to cut the salaries of the voices behind homer Marge Bart and Lisa. ABC's Chris Connelly has more on the ", "since anyone has seen or heard from Gavin Smith. Police are stumped and that family is desperate for clinical. a  20th Century Fox  movie executive who helped put some of Hollywood's biggest blockbusters in Peters from Titanic. To avatar. To ", "stumped and that family is desperate for clinical. -- -- -- a 20th Century Fox movie executive who helped put some of Hollywood's biggest blockbusters in Peters from Titanic. To avatar. To the latest Star Wars movies ", "ABC's the city Vegas has the latest. This morning marks eleven days since anyone has heard from Gavin He's the  20th Century Fox  executive who distributed mega hits like Titanic. Police are still about where he is or even if he's still alive ", "marks eleven days since anyone has heard from Gavin -- He's the 20th Century Fox executive who distributed mega hits like Titanic. Police are still about where he is or even if he's still alive and -- ", "individuals whereabouts which is what we're doing here. Smith has worked in the movie distribution department at  20th Century Fox  for eighteen years. The executive vice president of movie distribution Chris Aronson says quote we are extremely ", "we're doing here. Smith has worked in the movie distribution department at 20th Century Fox for eighteen years. The executive vice president of movie distribution Chris Aronson says quote we are extremely worried about our friend -- ", 'stretch around the world in the US He owns two of the most influential newspapers book publishing. Avatar He has  20th Century Fox  Fox News and yes fox TV owner of the Simpsons. I had 60% at that black hat. by age process not tabloid newspapers ', 'owns two of the most influential newspapers book publishing. Avatar He has 20th Century Fox Fox News and yes fox TV owner of the Simpsons. I had 60% at that black hat. -- -- by age process ', 'Rupert Murdoch, Son, James, Rebekah Brooks, to Testify in Front of U.K. Parliament', "Murdoch put his judgment and his job on the line drives. Murdoch's biggest assets are in the US you know the wild  20th Century Fox  the Wall Street Journal the Fox Network. The at a company could be broken up and criminality is found it could lose ", "drives. Murdoch's biggest assets are in the US you know the wild 20th Century Fox the Wall Street Journal the Fox Network. The at a company could be broken up and criminality is found it could lose "]