["could mean the end for the Simpsons the series is in his 23 season but ratings have been down in recent years. Now  20th Century Fox  television want to cut the salaries of the voices behind homer Marge Bart and Lisa. ABC's Chris Connelly has more ", "his 23 season but ratings have been down in recent years. Now 20th Century Fox television want to cut the salaries of the voices behind homer Marge Bart and Lisa. ABC's Chris Connelly has more on the ", "since anyone has seen or heard from Gavin Smith. Police are stumped and that family is desperate for clinical. a  20th Century Fox  movie executive who helped put some of Hollywood's biggest blockbusters in Peters from Titanic. To avatar. To ", "stumped and that family is desperate for clinical. -- -- -- a 20th Century Fox movie executive who helped put some of Hollywood's biggest blockbusters in Peters from Titanic. To avatar. To the latest Star Wars movies ", "ABC's the city Vegas has the latest. This morning marks eleven days since anyone has heard from Gavin He's the  20th Century Fox  executive who distributed mega hits like Titanic. Police are still about where he is or even if he's still alive ", "marks eleven days since anyone has heard from Gavin -- He's the 20th Century Fox executive who distributed mega hits like Titanic. Police are still about where he is or even if he's still alive and -- ", "individuals whereabouts which is what we're doing here. Smith has worked in the movie distribution department at  20th Century Fox  for eighteen years. The executive vice president of movie distribution Chris Aronson says quote we are extremely ", "we're doing here. Smith has worked in the movie distribution department at 20th Century Fox for eighteen years. The executive vice president of movie distribution Chris Aronson says quote we are extremely worried about our friend -- ", 'stretch around the world in the US He owns two of the most influential newspapers book publishing. Avatar He has  20th Century Fox  Fox News and yes fox TV owner of the Simpsons. I had 60% at that black hat. by age process not tabloid newspapers ', 'owns two of the most influential newspapers book publishing. Avatar He has 20th Century Fox Fox News and yes fox TV owner of the Simpsons. I had 60% at that black hat. -- -- by age process ', 'Rupert Murdoch, Son, James, Rebekah Brooks, to Testify in Front of U.K. Parliament', "Murdoch put his judgment and his job on the line drives. Murdoch's biggest assets are in the US you know the wild  20th Century Fox  the Wall Street Journal the Fox Network. The at a company could be broken up and criminality is found it could lose ", "drives. Murdoch's biggest assets are in the US you know the wild 20th Century Fox the Wall Street Journal the Fox Network. The at a company could be broken up and criminality is found it could lose ", "years later the tough Vietnam vets are at it again but this time. They've made the jump from TV the big screen  20th Century Fox  released its trailer for the new action packed eighteen movie. Starring Neeson and Jessica action packed the key ", "this time. They've made the jump from TV -- the big screen 20th Century Fox released its trailer for the new action packed eighteen movie. Starring -- Neeson and Jessica -- action packed the key word here. ", "news that we want to share with everybody we're hearing that your first book how to talk to girls has an option by  20th Century Fox  you must be so excited about that. Ten game Mary and me makes me an addict could benefit what does that mean can ", 'your first book how to talk to girls has an option by 20th Century Fox you must be so excited about that. Ten game Mary and me makes me an addict could benefit what does that mean ', "news. I don't give him a name plate. They name he's already made for himself is a man who sits atop which owns  20th Century Fox . News channel MySpace and soon add the Wall Street Journal. To the list frankly I think a lot of people are are ", 'for himself is a man who sits atop -- -- which owns 20th Century Fox . News channel MySpace and -- soon add the Wall Street Journal. To the list frankly I think a lot of people are ']