['875, four weeks. 13. "The Way, Way Back,"  Fox Searchlight , $2,200,622, 304 locations, $7,239 average owned by Filmyard Holdings LLC; 20th Century Fox and  Fox Searchlight  are owned by News Corp.; Warner Bros. and New Line ', '093, seven weeks. 13. "The Way, Way Back,"  Fox Searchlight , $1,121,851, 79 locations, $14,201 average owned by Filmyard Holdings LLC; 20th Century Fox and  Fox Searchlight  are owned by News Corp.; Warner Bros. and New Line ', 'with mixed results. A judge recently ruled that two  Fox Searchlight  interns who worked on the film "Black Swan" were understanding of how a production office works," he said  Fox Searchlight  ultimately "received the benefits of their unpaid ', 'Image credit: Niko Tavernise/ Fox Searchlight  Pictures Two interns who worked Black Swan" are considered to be  Fox Searchlight  employees, a Federal Judge recently Swan" from 2009 to 2010, sued  Fox Searchlight  and its parent company, Fox ', 'Make like the cast of "Hitchcock" and ring in the New Year with a cheers. (Credit:  Fox Searchlight .) New Year\'s Eve is upon us and a bunch of good movies are in theaters. Why not use that as an excuse to whip up some great ', 'Courtesy  Fox Searchlight  Pictures The 2012 Oscar nomination are set to roll in Tuesday morning , and given the early buzz and variety of winners in critics ', 'Entertainment) GEORGE CLOONEY / Matt King - THE DESCENDANTS ( Fox Searchlight  Pictures) LEONARDO DiCAPRIO / J. Edgar Hoover - J BRIDESMAIDS (Universal Pictures) THE DESCENDANTS ( Fox Searchlight  Pictures) THE HELP (DreamWorks Pictures / Touchstone ', 'against his friend Clooney, Leonardo diCaprio for "J. Edgar," and relative newcomer Michael Fassbender. Courtesy  Fox Searchlight  Pictures Michael Fassbender The German-Irish actor has had a very busy year, playing Mr. Rochester in the latest ', 'class-action lawsuit against  Fox Searchlight  on behalf of hundreds of unpaid worldwide. The lawsuit alleges that  Fox Searchlight  has been able to reduce its production have worked on films produced by  Fox Searchlight  between Sept. 28, 2005, and ', 'was trapped in the canyon for five days and cut his arm off with a 2-inch knife to free himself from a boulder.  Fox Searchlight  Pictures Richards told ABC Affiliate WSOC that the hike started out as an easy adventure for the outdoorsman. He said ', 'dancing got far more screen time than Lane\'s. "Here is the reality," Aronofsky said in a statement put out by  Fox Searchlight , the studio behind "Black Swan." "I had my editor count shots. There are 139 dance shots in the film -- 111 ', 'said in a statement released Monday through studio  Fox Searchlight . "I had my editor count shots. There are 139 dance producer not to talk to the press. The filmmakers at  Fox Searchlight  challenged Lane\'s assertions in statement released ', 'free. But the days of unpaid internships may now be numbered if a court ruling holds. Federal judge has ruled that  fox searchlight  pictures violated minimum wage and overtime laws by not paying Who worked on the production of the 2010 movie Black ', 'be numbered if a court ruling holds. Federal judge has ruled that fox searchlight pictures violated minimum wage and overtime laws by not paying -- -- Who worked on the production of the 2010 movie Black ', "level of investments. And I but the believe they either it seems to be coming back the way way back. Also first  fox searchlight  picked up four. I believe it in the same ballpark as little miss sunshine and so it's an encouraging. Thing I ", "seems to be coming back -- the way way back. Also first fox searchlight picked up four. I believe it in the same ballpark as little miss sunshine and so it's an encouraging. Thing I -- ", 'director. Kate Winslet and Mickey picked up the top acting awards. Thank you about. Two optimum pictures through the  fox searchlight . Daryn and us He gave me a second chance after. And at my career for fifteen years. wanna take care of my publicist ', 'the top acting awards. Thank you about. Two optimum pictures through the fox searchlight . Daryn and us He gave me a second chance after. And at my career for fifteen years. -- wanna take care of ', "gonna be finally got and I'm so happy for her she. It's getting we have one more party to get to and that's the  fox searchlight  party there's distributors for Oscar winner slum dog millionaire and also for the comeback stumbled Mickey Rourke ", "-- we have one more party to get to and that's the fox searchlight party there's distributors for Oscar winner slum dog millionaire and also for the comeback stumbled Mickey Rourke. The wrestler. -- "]