['interest from the actor-director. Billionaire businessman Alec Gores, who along with his brother attempted to buy  Miramax Films  last year, is another target of the lawsuits. Gores is being sued for $445,500. A-listers DiCaprio, Affleck ', 'number of failed U.S. banks this year to 98. (AP) -- MIRAMAX CUTBACKS -The Walt Disney Co. said Friday its  Miramax Films  division will slash the number of movies it produces each year, which it says will lead to "significant cost savings ', "show about bickering television executives. Project Runway's Network Drama The hit reality show, created by former  Miramax Films  head Harvey Weinstein, has aired on Bravo since 2004. But, in April, Weinstein announced that he had sold the show ", 'proceed with Klum, mentor Tim Gunn, and judges Nina Garcia and Michael Kors. "Project Runway," created by former  Miramax Films  head Harvey Weinstein, had aired on Bravo since 2004. But, last April, Weinstein announced that he had sold the ', 'studio -- the first in Hollywood to do so. "We discourage depictions of cigarette smoking in Disney, Touchstone and  Miramax films ," reads a letter from Robert Iger, President and CEO of The Walt Disney Company to Rep. Ed. Markey, D-Mass ', "Recent years have exposed some turmoil, including shareholder feuds, disputes involving Pixar Animation Studios and  Miramax Films  executives, a post-Sept. 11 slump at the company's theme parks and sagging ratings for the ABC television network ", "this way: today's assistant could end up being tomorrow's boss! Take Dina Wise, director of Special Events for  Miramax Films , and my pal. She once had an assistant named Nicky Landow. Dina took Nicky under her wing, became her mentor. Nicky ", "Harvey Weinstein today announced a settlement that will end the Weinsteins' reign as co-chairmen of Disney-owned  Miramax Films  when their contract is up in September. In what both sides described as an amicable settlement, Disney (parent company ", 'Gigli prove insurmountable? Already, Lopez is conspicuously absent from movie posters, leading some to believe that  Miramax Films  was hesitant of the erstwhile Bennifer combo as a big screen draw. To be sure, Gigli will go down in Hollywood history ', 'of Life, Angelina Jolie will put a lot of miles on a Jeep Wrangler Rubicon. The film is due for release July 25.  Miramax Films  (which, like ABCNEWS, is a division of The Walt Disney Co.) plans to remake The Green Hornet in 2005. It has ', "from independent films like Lions Gate Entertainment's Monster's Ball and In the Bedroom, which was picked up by  Miramax Films  after debuting at last year's Sundance Film Festival. That notoriety is not lost on young filmmakers, who are trying ", 'the Sept. 11 terror attacks. The group of New Yorkers including Gov. George Pataki, Mayor Michael Bloomberg and  Miramax Films  Co-Chairman Harvey Weinstein asked the academy to consider bringing at least a portion of the March 23 event to New ', 'Clayman says they built their business on the model of a hugely successful film distributor. "For the first 20 years,  Miramax Films  never produced their own films. They acquired films, they marketed them and they distributed them. That\'s what ']