['27-year-old Christian Grey and 22-year-old Anastasia Steele, his steamy love interest. The movie released by  Focus Features  is going to be directed by Sam Taylor-Johnson and adapted by writer Kelly Marcel. The cast is still a mystery but ', 'Southwest seeing temperatures upward of 120 degrees. 5. \'Fifty Shades\' to Hit Theaters Next August The film adaptation of "Fifty Shades of Grey" will hit theaters August 1, 2014,  Focus Features  announced. The cast is still undetermined.', 'in theaters only in Pennsylvania because that is where the group is based. James Schamus, the chief executive of  Focus Features , the studio that produced the film, called the coalition\'s actions "propaganda." "To be honest, if I could ', 'back story. Until January, when she suddenly landed her book deal with Random House and movie deal with Universal/ Focus Features , she worked in television, too, as an executive often dealing with contracts - something she carried over into ', 'ebook fiction bestseller list in March. Vintage Books just bought the rights to all three novels and Universal and  Focus Features  plan to do a film. Its success raises the question how sexual submission, especially when pain is involved, could ', 'Independence Day" and "Kingpin." He also played a hard-nosed sheep rancher in "Brokeback Mountain," then sued  Focus Features  and the film\'s producers in 2006, claiming he was compelled to work cheaply when told the film - which earned ', 'figured out a way for her to look six-foot-two like Julia Child was," Travers says. \'Taking Woodstock\' ( Focus Features ) Aug. 14 Comedian Demetri Martin plays the young man who helped the Woodstock concert organizers put the historic ', 'good to watch. That is not exactly progress. Right? Discs Add a Third Dimension The new movies "Coraline" from  Focus Features  and "Bolt" from Walt Disney Pictures (owned by the parent company of ABC News) are sporting 3-D animation ', 'Hamlet 2," which just expanded to 1,500 screens. The object of a bidding war at this year\'s Sundance went to  Focus Features  for a hefty $10 million. Coogan adopts an American accent as Dana Marschz, an inept actor turned self-loathing ', 'a risky film that made its world premiere at the festival and was immediately offered a $10 million deal from  Focus Features . In an interview with Peter Travers for ABC News Now\'s "Popcorn," Coogan explains that he was not dissatisfied ', "zoom, will sell for $250. A Canon model with similar specifications but without the SD1100's advanced auto- focus features , the SD850 IS was introduced in June for $400. Nikon's new Coolpix S550, available in early February, is also ", "the film would never again be shown at the school. And actor Randy Quaid, seeking $10 million in damages, sued  Focus Features  for according to the lawsuit ( CLICK HERE ) succeeded in obtaining Randy Quaid's performance in 'Brokeback Mountain ", "And we're hearing angelina jolene and adrian lincoln being among those willing to direct. The film's studio  focus features  says only a screenwriter has been hired so far but that keeps on churning until we finally learn who will feet those ", "and adrian lincoln being among those willing to direct. The film's studio focus features says only a screenwriter has been hired so far but that keeps on churning until we finally learn who will feet those "]