["Kohler's Numi toilet has a motion-activated seat and lid, deodorizing charcoal filter, multi-option bidet wand and air dryer, illuminated panels and foot warmer. And for the music lovers - built-in speakers play tunes via a (remote) docking station.", 'This sleek device by Netatmo takes air quality, humidity, and carbon dioxide readings, indoor/outdoor temperature, and even noise pollution. It also sends notifications in real time via your iOS, or Android smartphone, or tablet. ', "Designed by NASA scientists, the Airocide purifies toxins in the air that can worsen symptoms of asthma or allergies. Instead of filters, the device uses nanotechnology to oxidize pathogens at a molecular level via two catalytic reaction chambers. It's a bonus that Airocide looks like a piece of modern art, complete with discreet touch controls.", 'Mowing the lawn no longer requires killer triceps. The robot Husqvarna Automower does all the work for you, much like a Roomba for your grass. Plus, in the right light conditions, its solar panel can maintain a battery charge for lawns of up to 6,890 square feet.', "These days you're more likely to forget your house keys than your smartphone, so combine the two with CalypsoKey. It lives inside an iPhone case which, when you tap it to its corresponding access point, activates near-field communication technology and a dual-band RFID antenna - unlocking the door.", "With this Oras Eterna smart shower, a green light indicates you beat the recommended two-minute splash and a red light shows you've showered beyond your share. A touch interface switches flow from showerhead to spout wash, and precise temperature adjustments ensure you won't scald or freeze.", 'Place the weather-resistant Sun Table in direct sunlight for four hours to reach a full charge. Then move it anywhere you need power - its inverter will juice your laptops, cellphones, lights, etc. ', "Buy the kit or create your own - it's all open-source. The Digital Habit(s) mirror slides to dock your iPhone or iPod and play musics. Switch tracks or adjust volume by waving your hand by the motion sensors.", 'This chic Zeta fireplace looks like something you would bring to work. Encased in leather and molded from a titanium interior, the fireplace is portable, so you can enjoy its looks and warmth in every room.', 'Simply fill the Winbot with cleaning solution, attach to a window and press power. The little gadget will determine the size of glass and map a cleaning path. It cleans your windows in three stages: spray, squeegee and wipe, all while you cool your heels nearby. ', "(CNN) -- There's a reason we flip through Skymall every time we board a flight, dog-earing catalogue pages with giant floating trampolines and vibrating bath mats.", 'What is your favorite tech device for the home? Share your go-to products in the comments below.', "See the full coverage of CNN's Blueprint -- a new series exploring the very latest design and technology trends.", 'Transparent dresses, vacuum shoes, shark-proof wetsuits and more. We imagine a day in the life of a wearable technology user in the year 2015.', "Europe spends $13 billion annually on fueling street lights. With a new system called 'Tvilight', streetlamps can sense the arrival of a person.", 'The earthquake-proof table can combat a ton of falling debris and provides reliable protection for people taking shelter during an earthquake', 'Is the much-loved Piaggio Vespa more iconic than the floppy disk? Is the iPod more of a design classic than the Airbus A380? ', 'Is it a guitar? Is it a piano? Nope, it is a crazy iPhone-powered combination of both. Plus it has a built in bass, violin and drum machine to boot.', "Clothes can look and feel good but now they can also sound good. Made from polyester and cassette tape, 'sonic fabric' makes for a noisy outfit.", 'A recycling robot with sensors and an artificial brain could help address the escalating global waste problem, according to Finnish developers.', 'Imagine if you could paint a working light switch directly onto your wall, without any need for sockets, cables or wiring. ', 'By making an off-road wheelchair with just a handful of bike gears, MIT professor Amos Winter is hoping to change the developing world forever. ', 'Fans of "Iron Man," take notice: A group of students at the Royal College of Art in London have created two masks that can give you superhuman sight and hearing.', 'CNN caught up with the design kingpin, Dick Powell to see what makes a product design successful.', 'Forecasting future technology has never been easy. CNN spoke to design experts in search of what might well just be the shape of things to come.']