['group of former creditors including Highland Capital, Anchorage Advisors and Carl Icahn; Lionsgate is owned by  Lions Gate Entertainment  Corp.; IFC is owned by AMC Networks Inc.; Rogue is owned by Relativity Media LLC.', 'group of former creditors including Highland Capital, Anchorage Advisors and Carl Icahn; Lionsgate is owned by  Lions Gate Entertainment  Corp.; IFC is owned by AMC Networks Inc.; Rogue is owned by Relativity Media LLC.', 'eurozone fell today below forecasts. Investors are hungry for the maker of "The Hunger Games." Shares of  Lions Gate Entertainment  are up 90 percent this year. Analysts expect the first of the four-movie series to sell $100 million worth ', 'for about $400 million in cash and stock. Talks are said to be in their final stages. A tie-up between  Lions Gate Entertainment  Corp. and Summit Entertainment, producer of the "Twilight" blockbuster saga, would create one of the largest ', "The decision by Warner Bros. leaves Hollywood studios split over the fast-growing, low-cost renter.  Lions Gate Entertainment  Corp. agreed Tuesday to make its films available to Redbox for five years, aligning it with Sony Corp.'s ", "rental company by year's end. Some studios hoping to ride Redbox's growth have shown willingness to bargain.  Lions Gate Entertainment  Corp. agreed Tuesday to make its films available immediately. The deal followed Sony's agreement to provide ", 'partners inking a deal with YouTube are Sony, CBS, Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, BBC, and independent film studio  Lions Gate Entertainment . Each agreed to showcase some of its catalog content on the Google-owned video site. Separated from the plethora ', 'partners inking a deal with YouTube are Sony, CBS, Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, BBC and independent film studio  Lions Gate Entertainment . Each agreed to showcase some of their catalog content on the Google-owned video site. Separated from the ', 'shoot her own reality show entitled "Hey, Paula!" for Bravo and is working on the new "Bratz" movie with  Lions Gate Entertainment . Continued success, though, comes from some basic principles. "Being forthright and honest is so basic ', 'the Line , King Kong , and Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire .) CinemaNow, whose major investors include  Lions Gate Entertainment , Microsoft, Cisco Systems, and Blockbuster, will initially feature only movies from the Sony, MGM, and ', "the market. That's in addition to ESPN, Miramax, MGM (which announced its support earlier this month),  Lions Gate Entertainment , and Touchstone; gaming giant Electronic Arts; and music powerhouses Sony BMG and Universal Music Group ", "are critical successes. Some of this year's Oscar nominations and winners came from independent films like  Lions Gate Entertainment 's Monster's Ball and In the Bedroom, which was picked up by Miramax Films after debuting at last year's ", 'Schreck and John Malkovich as director F.W. Murnau. It widens to 500 screens on Jan. 26. USA Films is a unit of USA Networks Inc.. New Line Cinema is a unit of Time Warner. Lions Gate is a unit of  Lions Gate Entertainment  Inc.']