['third-quarter sales growth, but the pace of sales fell in May when mortgage rates started rising.  Imax  Corp., up 50 cents at $25.60 The  big - screen  movie  theater  operator said that its second-quarter net income rose 7 percent, helped by new theaters ', 'billion last year, according to the Motion Picture Association of America. The government allows in only 34 foreign films per year for national distribution. At least 14 of them have to be made in 3-D or for the  big - screen Imax  format.', "better way to pass the time than sitting in a cool movie  theater , sipping soft drinks and munching on popcorn? Even though the Hong Kong International Airport, home to the largest  IMAX  screen in Hong Kong. And while they're not as large ", "progressing up to innovations of tomorrow. There's a living history village, a section of a factory open for touring, an  IMAX theater  and many special events throughout the year. But the exhibit everyone remembers is American Innovation at the Henry ", 'early "Star Trek" movies. His 2009  big - screen  reboot was simply fantastic, and treats us to an absolutely stunning,  IMAX 3D  experience. Visually, it\'s one going to make you look like a dinner  theater  actor . Which brings me to Pine ', 'the Strip, but your family can enjoy an on-property  IMAX  movie  theater , arcade and bowling alley. And, more importantly supervised meals, and elaborate evening activities in the  theatre  (magic show, Hercules show, bingo night, game night ', 'permanently by Jan. 25. The  theater  has undergone cosmetic changes letters instead of numbers.  Theater  9, where James Holmes allegedly XD" or "Extreme Digital"  theater  that will show movies on a large,  IMAX -like screen . Some family ', 'Digest unveils the secrets your movie  theater  employee won\'t tell you, like how chemicals in it to make its aroma fill the  theater . 2. "Extreme Digital" is actually lower quality than  IMAX  digital . We use it because it\'s ', 'at the box office. " Les Miserables ," the  big - screen  musical starring Hugh Jackman and Anne Hathaway Jennifer Lawrence, and a more improved in- theater  experience, with the rise of  Imax , according to Dergarabedian. "Starting with \'The ', 'shooting tragedy to visit the  theater  on January 15 and 16. "From free movies," Warner said.  Theater  9-where Holmes allegedly armed XD" or "Extreme Digital"  theater  that will show movies on a large,  IMAX -like screen. Holmes, 24 ', 'stars in Flight of the Butterflies , a $12 million  IMAX documentary  that makes a powerful case for the conservation of this film is good reminder of that," Aguado said of the  documentary , which tracks the butterflies as they depart from Canada ', "former Delaware Senate candidate Christine O'Donnell will host a five-day event dubbed Troublemaker Fest at an  IMAX theater  two blocks from the Tampa Bay Times Forum, where the convention will be held. While details have yet to be released ", 'former Republican U.S. Senate candidate from Delaware will host a five-day event dubbed Troublemaker Fest at an  IMAX theater  two blocks from the Tampa Bay Times Forum, where the Republican National Convention will be held. Her event, slated ', "Filmmakers and son Miguel Abreu followed her for their new  IMAX documentary . A lot of bears swimming further to get food. The cubs their massive bombs. ABC news Baltimore. And it's an  IMAX  film narrated by Merrill Streep and it opens on Friday ", 'heartfelt. Filmmakers -- and son Miguel Abreu followed her for their new IMAX documentary . A lot of bears -- swimming further to get food. The cubs are having a tougher time. Ominous small -- Worldwide the ', "happy couple capture the miles down. It  IMAX  quality of grainy of course you know you 20000 dollars yeah. What's this union  IMAX  timing if you have a heck out of money you're probably  theater  and I'm running as saying at a David Letterman's ", "didn't want Reseda California the happy couple capture the miles down. It IMAX -- quality of -- grainy of course you know you gotta have this funny glasses. I'm but they are using the same equipment here Jack's knees in the hottest in Ridley Scott east so look me he has but the photographer says get this -- -- -- 20000 dollars yeah. What's this union IMAX timing if you have a heck out of money you're probably -- -- theater and I'm -- -- running -- as saying at a -- David Letterman's been -- control lately. He -- a chance of ", "it's time for insomniac  theatre  and take on a movie that grossing opening weekend in  IMAX  history. It made the most money for an  IMAX  film. Ever it's that this the highest since grossing  IMAX  couldn't have everything ", "ever -- I felt -- -- little plus it's time for insomniac theatre and -- take on a movie that had the biggest US opening. Ever crazy cash. You never ever have the super -- ", "The plane was the second of eight to land at Reagan as part of demonstration but the air and space museum's new  IMAX documentary  legends of flight. That was the only one to experience issue. certainly be looking at NI limitations of this aircraft ", "as part of -- demonstration but the air and space museum's new IMAX documentary legends of flight. That was the only one to experience issue. -- certainly be looking at NI -- limitations of this aircraft ", "response from us and UK airports And there's an entire herd of elephants that is living proof of that. I'm Jeffrey Kaufman for Nightline in Nairobi. born to be wild a  documentary  featuring the David wildlife trust debuts in  IMAX  theaters.", 'Jeffrey Kaufman for Nightline in Nairobi. -- born to be wild a documentary featuring the David -- wildlife trust debuts in IMAX theaters. ', "Holdings. The exact price increase will vary from  theater  to  theater  at 1 AMC Loews  theater  in New York City seeing a movie in 3-D  IMAX  will now cost you 1950. That's up three bucks ", "AMC entertainment. And Cinemark Holdings. The exact price increase will vary from theater to theater at 1 AMC Loews theater in New York City seeing a movie in 3-D IMAX will now cost you 1950. That's up three bucks just overnight for a night out with the family of four that'll cost ", "script. But animals on screen this way in the wildlife  documentary . And this Disney's 1950. Quite wilderness. What made so dazzling and what made later films like the  IMAX  blockbuster wolves so enchanting. Or Wales was the sheer ", "following a script. But animals on screen this way in the wildlife documentary . And this -- Disney's 1950. Quite wilderness. What made -- so dazzling and what made later films like the IMAX blockbuster wolves so enchanting. Or Wales was the sheer wonder of seeing animals wild. In a world with so much accidental beauty "]