["happy couple capture the miles down. It  IMAX  quality of grainy of course you know you 20000 dollars yeah. What's this union  IMAX  timing if you have a heck out of money you're probably  theater  and I'm running as saying at a David Letterman's ", "didn't want Reseda California the happy couple capture the miles down. It IMAX -- quality of -- grainy of course you know you gotta have this funny glasses. I'm but they are using the same equipment here Jack's knees in the hottest in Ridley Scott east so look me he has but the photographer says get this -- -- -- 20000 dollars yeah. What's this union IMAX timing if you have a heck out of money you're probably -- -- theater and I'm -- -- running -- as saying at a -- David Letterman's been -- control lately. He -- a chance of ", "it's time for insomniac  theatre  and take on a movie that grossing opening weekend in  IMAX  history. It made the most money for an  IMAX  film. Ever it's that this the highest since grossing  IMAX  couldn't have everything ", "ever -- I felt -- -- little plus it's time for insomniac theatre and -- take on a movie that had the biggest US opening. Ever crazy cash. You never ever have the super -- ", "The plane was the second of eight to land at Reagan as part of demonstration but the air and space museum's new  IMAX documentary  legends of flight. That was the only one to experience issue. certainly be looking at NI limitations of this aircraft ", "as part of -- demonstration but the air and space museum's new IMAX documentary legends of flight. That was the only one to experience issue. -- certainly be looking at NI -- limitations of this aircraft ", "response from us and UK airports And there's an entire herd of elephants that is living proof of that. I'm Jeffrey Kaufman for Nightline in Nairobi. born to be wild a  documentary  featuring the David wildlife trust debuts in  IMAX  theaters.", 'Jeffrey Kaufman for Nightline in Nairobi. -- born to be wild a documentary featuring the David -- wildlife trust debuts in IMAX theaters. ', "Holdings. The exact price increase will vary from  theater  to  theater  at 1 AMC Loews  theater  in New York City seeing a movie in 3-D  IMAX  will now cost you 1950. That's up three bucks ", "AMC entertainment. And Cinemark Holdings. The exact price increase will vary from theater to theater at 1 AMC Loews theater in New York City seeing a movie in 3-D IMAX will now cost you 1950. That's up three bucks just overnight for a night out with the family of four that'll cost ", "script. But animals on screen this way in the wildlife  documentary . And this Disney's 1950. Quite wilderness. What made so dazzling and what made later films like the  IMAX  blockbuster wolves so enchanting. Or Wales was the sheer ", "following a script. But animals on screen this way in the wildlife documentary . And this -- Disney's 1950. Quite wilderness. What made -- so dazzling and what made later films like the IMAX blockbuster wolves so enchanting. Or Wales was the sheer wonder of seeing animals wild. In a world with so much accidental beauty ", "dvd anyway Jason Anderson digital news associate at the  theater  He saw what everyone else pretty much in the world saw Harry bar of everything you know there. Basically I saw me in  IMAX  3-D apps. Loved it. Throughout this tires and you're ", "is the dvd anyway Jason Anderson -- digital news associate at the theater He saw what everyone else pretty much in the world saw Harry Potter and the deathly hollows part to recent days. Which I think lot of blood pressure on this -- It's crazy union see that that graphic charting a 168 million this movie made this weekend over 300 million internationally. It's breaking every single record raising the bar of everything you know there. Basically I saw me in IMAX 3-D -- apps. Loved it. Throughout this tires and you're seeing right now. Baltimore is actually -- -- trying kill Harry he's ", 'have had enough of Republican members accused of political  theater . The measure is expected to pass but sometime in the future Called on god listen. God bless you could Christian.  IMAX  movie. Their conversation continued finally the would be ', 'seems to have had enough of Republican members accused -- of political theater . The measure is expected to pass but sometime in the future. And 100 miles north of New York City the -- in ', 'that Hurt Locker and and yes and as a habitat twice 3-D  IMAX  with kids you know just. But bit in I have to be honest laden adopts a homeless slide job homeless but it was not a  documentary . It was one. Story. Of reconciliation. And loved ', "Locker and and -- yes and -- as a habitat twice 3-D IMAX with kids you know just. But bit in I have to be honest that the one thing about I'm sure I haven't ", 'what we can do in the movie  theater  which is the digital projector ever experienced in the  theater  before it is is it it is Three years ago I went to  IMAX  3-D cinema. And I saw phone walked out of that  theater  got the rest of the DreamWorks ', "Coming to a theater near you in March the latest technology in the movie theater and we're talking treaty you may have -- treaty before but this is different joining us talk about this wave of technology. That's coming to a theater near you is Jeffrey Katzenberg who is the CEO of DreamWorks Animation thanks very much for joining us right here and great ", "It's not been perfect in the past we've all gone to a theater and put those was a blue and Green was that they're reading Green or red or blue red and blue whatever was. Glasses on and not necessarily the best experience this is different. Very much so so now both what we can do in the movie theater which is the digital projector is. Is putting the right -- left IE. Images up with perfect synchronicity on the screen. And ", "thirty minutes of hell is that I. You've ever experienced in the theater before it is is it it is very cool it is very good so that's what's happened all of us. And I ", 'my name. You know for the first two years we that was  IMAX  Casey is it filmmaker. Drinks red light heat water and impossible dream to shop. Complete his latest project and next  documentary  and tornadoes. He needs one shot. The shot possible tornado ', "name. You know for the first two years we -- that was IMAX -- Casey is it -- -- filmmaker. -- -- Drinks red light heat water and we're committed. Let's see this but we always have a plan B. For -- -- for years has been chasing a seemingly impossible dream to shop. Complete his latest project and -- next documentary and tornadoes. He needs one -- shot. The shot possible tornado. -- really beautiful tornado. Coming directly at you and then impact ", "my name. You know for the first two years we that was  IMAX  Drinks Red water and commitments. Let's see but we always impossible dream to the Complete his latest project and next  documentary  on tornadoes He needs one shot. The shot but the tornados ", "name. You know for the first two years we -- that was IMAX -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- Drinks Red -- -- -- water and -- commitments. Let's see -- but we always have a plan B. For years has been chasing -- seemingly impossible dream to the -- Complete his latest project and -- next documentary on tornadoes -- He needs one -- shot. The shot but the tornados. And real beautiful tornado. Coming directly at you. And "]