['The Paravelo looks like a conventional bike connected to a two-wheeled trailer. Both the airframe and bike are made from aircraft grade aluminum.', 'Designed by John Foden and Yannick Read, the XploreAir Paravelo has undergone successful test flights over the English countryside', "Inventors John Foden and Yannick Read said: 'We spent our childhoods riding bikes and dreaming of flight'", "The bike is fitted with 'NightFire' strobe handlebars -- xenon gas strobes which are visible at 2 miles.", "The trailer houses a giant fan, fuel for the contraption's engine and a flexible fold-away wing", "Read and Foden currently construct the Paravelo in friends' workshops, but they hope to use some of the money raised from their Kickstarter campaign to move to a more permanent home.", 'The lightweight airframe docks with the bike before flight. In the air, the Paravelo is driven by a 249cc two-stroke paramotor and gets lift from a retractable wing.', 'British inventors have built a two-wheeled bicycle that quickly transforms into an aircraft', '(CNN) -- Do you remember that scene in "E.T." where the kids fly away on their BMXs? After seeing it, did you too want to pedal your bike down the street, over your house and past the moon?', 'Well, now that fantasy can be reality with the invention of the Paravelo flying bicycle.', "A pair of flight enthusiasts, John Foden, 37, and Yannick Read, 42, have devised a two-wheeled bike -- christened the XploreAir Paravelo -- that transforms into an aircraft. The British inventors say it is the world's first fully functional flying bicycle.", 'The machine can travel at speeds of up to 15 miles per hour on the road and 25 miles per hour in the air, reaching altitudes of up to 4,000 feet.', '"The Wright brothers were former bicycle mechanics so there\'s a real connection between cycling and the birth of powered flight that is recaptured in the spirit of the Paravelo," says so-creator John Foden.', 'We spent our childhoods riding bikes and dreaming of flightJohn Foden, Paravelo co-inventor', "The flying bicycle looks like a conventional bike connected to a lightweight trailer, which houses a giant fan, fuel for the contraption's engine and the flexible fold-away wing. Both the airframe and bike are made from aircraft grade aluminum.", "The bicycle can be disconnected from its trailer for inner city use, then docks to form a 'para-trike' for take-off. In order to fly, the bike and trailer are fastened together, the wing is unfurled and an electric starter fires the biofuel-powered 249cc motor. Tired Tour de France competitors might want to consider this option before taking on a particularly daunting hill climb.", "The Paravelo needs a long stretch of open ground, clear of obstructions for takeoff. Once airborne, it can stay in the air for up to three hours. Once it's in the air, the flying bicycle's inventors say that it controls like a conventional fan-powered paraglider.", 'The fan can also be detached entirely from its housing and strapped directly onto your back. Worn like this, no license is required to fly it in many countries -- including the U.S. and the UK -- but the United States Powered Paragliding Association strenuously recommends proper training.', 'So unless you have done it before, jumping off the closest cliff in your new Paravelo is not recommended.', 'The bicycle is small enough to be taken on public transport, and the entire vehicle can be stowed in a garage or carried up stairs and stored at home.', 'For generations the car has been king, but it could now play second fiddle to the flying bicycleAndrew Davis, Director of the Environmental Transport Association', 'Foden says that since childhood he and Read had always wanted to construct a flying bicycle.', '"We live in Kingston-upon-Thames, on the outskirts of London, two minutes\' walk from the birthplace of the Sopwith Aviation Company -- a British aircraft company that built aircraft including the Sopwith Camel for the Royal Air Force in World War I," he said. "We spent our childhoods riding bikes and dreaming of flight."', 'Foden and Read hope that at $16,000 the Paravelo will appeal to inner-city flight hobbyists, and believe that it may also be be useful as a "cost-effective aerial reconnaissance vehicle for forest rangers and border patrols."', "The flying bicycle's inventors are now looking for support through Kickstarter and have so far raised approximately a tenth of their $78,000 goal. A film of the Paravelo in action can be seen on YouTube.", 'Do you need a new TV, house or limb? All you need is to press print. Take an interactive scroll through to the future of 3D printing.', "See how India's frugal innovators are adapting existing tools and technologies to provide all manner of imaginative low-cost solutions.", "It could easily be a deleted scene from the classic movie, ET, but two British inventors claim to have invented the world's first flying bicycle.", "What's 1,200-years-old, made of wood and responsible for the smart-phone in your pocket? Japan's Toji Pagoda, of course!", 'The inventor of GPS technology, Bradford Parkinson, tells CNN the future of transport is self-driving cars. ', 'It may be constructed from drainage pipes but according to its 18-year-old inventor, this single-person U-boat can plunge to a depth of 30 feet.', "A treasure trove of technological 'firsts', including an incredibly rare Apple 1 computer, goes on auction in Germany", 'How did an ex-cop fashion a fully functioning robot from old hi-fi speakers, DVD players and assorted household items?', "More than 10 billion USB sticks are believed to be in use around the world today ensuring co-inventor, Ajay Bhatt, has a place in tech's unofficial hall of fame.", 'A California tech company has launched a tool that turns a regular iPhone 4 or 4S into a powerful biometrics scanning tool.', 'What\'s four centimeters long, two centimeters high and smaller than the average thumb? The "Little Cyclops" fisheye camera.', 'They are a formidable new force in the tech world -- tween developers with world-class coding skills and firsthand insights into the games kids really want to play.', "The rubber from dandelion roots could be on your car wheels before the decade is out. CNN's Nick Glass visits the Dutch firm pioneering the effort.", 'The notion of self-healing materials might sound a bit "Terminator" -- but the first versions of the technology are destined to hit the market in 2013.']