['cute, heartwarming story. Wag the Dog (1997) category: Barbara Friedman, ABC News Producer (Image Credit:  New Line Cinema ) A must-see movie! Definitely one of the most cynical movies ever made about American politics. And a perfect ', 'Philip Pullman about a little girl on a quest to kill God, was of grave significance to Catholic advocates. While  New Line Cinema , the film\'s distributor, watered down the theme of the books for the big screen, critics argued that "The Golden ', 'serving it," he said in a press release. Although the exhibition was not created as an advertisement for the film,  New Line Cinema  will reap the benefits of the additional publicity garnered by the Deitch project. "It\'s a great way to market ', 'telling a story. Any position I take is that of a storyteller who says, \'Once upon a time, this happened.\'"  New Line Cinema , the film\'s distributor, stood by Pullman, noting in a statement to ABC News that the film has been "praised ', 'royalties from his vast collection, the majority of his earnings this year came from settling a long-standing suit with  New Line Cinema  over profit participation on The Lord of the Rings trilogy. How can dead celebrities continue to earn millions every ', 'extremely competitive firm. The sky and a slowing economy, that is. Having lost major accounts like Hyundai and  New Line Cinema , it quickly became clear that the company could not stay profitable given its current financial status. And this ', "Sex sells. Just ask Time Warner. Today, the company's  New Line Cinema  division is releasing the feature-film version of Sex and the City , following a blockbuster six-year run on its cable outlet ", 'Graduate School of Business in 1987. Robert K. Shaye Robert Shaye is Co-Chairman and Co-CEO of  New Line Cinema . As the Founder of  New Line Cinema  and a filmmaker himself, Robert Shaye has spent more than 40 years developing and distributing films ', 'S. Posner, a private investor who from 2005 through March 2008 served as CEO and co-chief investment officer of ClearBridge Advisors, an asset management company. -- Robert K. Shaye, co-chairman and co-CEO of  New Line Cinema .', 'will use Blu-ray Disc. Nov. 29 -- Paramount Pictures, Universal Pictures, Warner Bros. Pictures, HBO and  New Line Cinema  announce support for HD DVD. Dec. 9 -- Disney announces support for Blu-ray Disc. Jan. 7 -- Backers of both ', 'will use Blu-ray Disc. November 29 -- Paramount Pictures, Universal Pictures, Warner Bros. Pictures, HBO and  New Line Cinema  announce support for HD DVD. December 9 -- Disney announces support for Blu-ray Disc. 2005 January 7 -- Backers ', 'Rings" prequel. "Lord of the Rings" fans were in a frenzy last week, following the announcement from Jackson that  New Line Cinema  had sent a letter informing him that the film studio "would no longer be requiring our services on the \'Hobbit ', "bigger vision. Both entertainment and he's wanna let this was behind my first movie no holds barred. He made the  New Line Cinema  deals. So basically satellite opened a door and these guys just empower walk in through about it. Man and the rest ", 'this was behind my first movie no holds barred. He made the New Line Cinema deals. So basically -- satellite opened a door and these guys just empower walk in through about it. Man and the rest ']