['Keith Richards: Rock star sexy. Now picture him as an accountant. Still interested?', 'Editor\'s note: Each week in "Apparently This Matters," CNN\'s Jarrett Bellini applies his warped sensibilities to trending topics in social media and random items of interest on the Web.', '(CNN) -- There\'s a great song by Todd Snider called "The Ballad of The Kingsmen." In it, he sings, "Marilyn Manson gets a lot of chicks. They\'re weird chicks. But they\'re chicks."', "And it's true. Heaps of (weird) women lust for Marilyn Manson. He's a bona fide rock star.", "Really, that's why most guys get into playing music in the first place. To increase their sex appeal.", '"Apparently This Matters" Is Jarrett Bellini\'s weekly (and somewhat random) look at social-media trends.', "If, say, owning a bagel shop somehow proved to be just as glamorous, right now teenagers would be boiling delicious circles of bread in their parents' garage. But that's not the case.", 'In fact, never in the history of the world has anyone ever said, "Make love to me, Bagel Man."', 'Whereas, when it comes to truly sexy male occupations, the official list seems to top out with musician, athlete, and Anthony Bourdain.', 'Fortunately, though, almost anyone can at least aspire to be a musician, and a new study backs up this seemingly obvious connection between attractiveness and playing an instrument.', 'You see, in the study, which was conducted by a professor at the University of South Brittany in France and published in the journal "Psychology of Music," a 20-year-old "good looking" man was challenged to ask 300 women for their phone number.', '"Marilyn Manson gets a lot of chicks. They\'re weird chicks. But they\'re chicks."', 'For 100 of those women, the man carried a guitar case. For another 100, he held a gym bag. And for the final third his hands were empty.', 'Which, even at an 18% success rate, still seems like a rather impressive return (And much better than my lifetime batting average of negative-12%).', 'In the study, 31 of the 54 -- a vast majority -- were achieved when the subject was carrying a guitar case. Fourteen women offered up digits while he was holding nothing. And only nine were received when the gym bag was used as a prop.', 'Ultimately, the research suggests that the attraction of a musical instrument is real, as it may indicate physical and intellectual abilities.', 'Understanding music is difficult, and someone who knows how to play an instrument usually is also mentally capable of forming complete sentences.', "Though, to be fair, I play bass guitar and that tends to rattle the brain. I'm pretty sure actual ideas fall out of my nose in the shower.", "So, generally speaking, holding that guitar case seems to work quite nicely. But this female attraction to male musicians shouldn't be seen as baseless or shallow or ditsy.", "Quite the opposite. It's a good thing to appreciate a man with intellectual interests beyond dominating his fantasy football league.", 'And it works both ways. Women with musical instruments also get major sexy points.', "Of course, one shouldn't just play music for the sole purpose of appearing more attractive. For that, God invented whiskey.", "Instead, the ultimate goal is to play music for the joy of playing music. But usually that's just an evolution over time. Dreams of stardom often come first.", 'Sure, there was a short phase where, as a young man, I yearned to be veterinarian. However, that quickly went away when, one afternoon, I was allowed to hang out at a local clinic and promptly saw a dog get his testicles cut off.', '"Welp, thanks for letting me come by, Doc. I\'m gonna go home now and rethink my life."', 'So, aside from that momentary lapse of reason, my heart has pretty much always been set on rock stardom.', "At home I drink from the tap. Not so much because I particularly love the taste, but because the automatic water dispenser on my fridge doesn't work.", "Children of the '80s and '90s fondly remember a time when MTV actually played music videos. ", "I've always found amusement parks very unamusing, for it's hard to justify standing in a hot, 40-minute roller-coaster line so I can promptly lose my car keys and barf up a churro. ", 'One day, a rather inconsiderate caveman turned to his cavewoman and said, "You know, Diane, you should really think about shaving your legs."', 'George Carlin once said, "I don\'t automatically wash my hands every time I go to the bathroom. You know when I wash my hands? When I s**t on them." ', "A lot of people don't know this, but for every 30 minutes of legitimate work, all employees must be allowed one full hour of Internet cat videos.", "I've been camping countless times in the forest -- as one does -- and without fail, there's always plenty of wood just lying around.", 'There\'s a great song by Todd Snider called "The Ballad of The Kingsmen." In it, he sings, "Marilyn Manson gets a lot of chicks. They\'re weird chicks. But they\'re chicks."', "In my bedroom there's an amazing wall-mounted hideaway ironing board. It even has an affixed light and timed electrical outlet for safety. The thing is absolutely brilliant.", '"Wow! I totally just watched the awesome cell phone video you shot at that concert!"', 'Abraham Lincoln once said, "In life, what counts is the size of a man\'s heart, not the size of his disproportionate willie."', 'Sometimes pet tortoises vanish for 30 years and end up in a box of records. Still alive. Or they live with San Francisco 49ers quarterbacks.']