['A third " X - Files " movie is stars. Both  David Duchovny , 52, and  Gillian Anderson , 44, said Show creator  Chris Carter  didn\'t commit new movie. " The X - Files " was a cult Scully, their " X - Files " characters ', 'Chris Carter  was cool to the proposition of a third " X - Files " film, but series stars  David Duchovny  and  Gillian Anderson  were decidedly more amenable. Whether the truth is out there about any third film in the big-screen franchise remains ', 'forgetting that all you\'ve got to do is look in your own backyard." UFO Sighted in the Netherlands? Straight from  the  " X - Files ," a mother and daughter say they believe they spotted a UFO while on vacation. Corinne Federer and her mother took ', "It's a story straight out of  the X - Files : A mysterious crop circle has appeared in a wheat field near Wilbur, Wash. Greg Geib's family has owned and lived on the farm ", "Jesse Tyler Ferguson Modern Family Simon Fuller American Idol, So You Think You Can Dance Vince Gilligan Breaking Bad,  The X - Files  Leonard Goldberg Blue Bloods, Charlie's Angels, T.J. Hooker, Hart to Hart, The Rookies Mark Gordon Criminal ", 'People love a mystery." The study, conducted by the polling firm Kelton Research, found that more Americans believe " The X - Files " best represented what would happen if aliens invaded Earth than any other movie. The study, in which a random sample ', 'Gillian Anderson , the actress best known for playing agent Dana Scully on  The X - Files  , acknowledges having had romantic knowing that I still liked boys."  Gillian Anderson  will star as Miss Havisham in an upcoming ', 'tweeted a link to watch the live feed of Arpaio\'s announcement. The link actually led to the theme song from " The X - Files ," a TV show that played heavily on consipracy theories. Coincidentally, Arpaio\'s press conference also came on ', 'Hulu CEO: Hulu Plus Is \'Treasure Chest in the Cloud\' Among the new service\'s offerings: All nine seasons of " The X - Files ," all three seasons of "Arrested Development," every single episode of "Grey\'s Anatomy" and "Desperate Housewives ', 'movie "Planes, Trains and Automobiles," and FBI agents Mulder and Scully relaxed to the pulsations in an episode of " The X Files ." Fox\'s News Channel\'s Brit Hume sang the Buffett lyric to former President George W. Bush and his father in a ', 'Galactica viewing and downloading random episodes of Stargate Atlantis , Babylon 5 , Buffy the Vampire Slayer , and  The X - Files  . But soon I caught myself. Those innocent two-buck purchases, I realized, were quickly adding up. And I already ', 'his "method" a little too far? Whatever the case,  David Duchovny , who plays a sex-crazed writer on Showtime\'s stimulating," Marshall said. "Maybe when in he was in  the  \' X - Files \' he was able to hold himself back. Now on this show ', "happening right now is  the X - Files  I want to believe take a peek at  X - Files  I want to believe We'll we'll.  David Duchovny  welcome to the a little bit.  The X - Files  you know what that there is an  X - Files  movie period ", "-- -- So -- soup frozen -- Chlorine. Was there's. We'll we'll. David Duchovny welcome to the show great to have -- -- we saw a little bit. The X-Files you know what every you guys will ever let out -- wounded. That mr. -- that this is shrouded in is so ", "six years creator of the TV series  the X - Files  Cris Carter is back in the game as possible. What people think  X - Files  they think aliens they think conspiracies Right mostly what we've done  the X - Files  say 80% of the episodes were not ", 'off the air for over six years creator of the TV series the X-Files Cris Carter is back in the game along with agents Mulder and Scully with. Much anticipated summer films for more -- the ', "of kept it under wraps as much as possible. What people think X - Files they think aliens they think conspiracies that you guys have made it clear you're not dealing with aliens this time because you've dealt with them last time. Can you give us a little bit of -- -- what's happening here. Right mostly what we've done the X-Files -- say 80% of the episodes were not alien episodes of conspiracy episode that was they find a running arcs through the ", "first on sixteen years ago. Now the name of the movie is X - Files I want to believe and that comes from our poster and Molder is -- this -- and I think it's something He ", 'picture of herself and her new prize. Block for the first woman to win this old award for best score. And straight from  the X - Files  her mother and daughter think they stumbled on the UFO. While on vacation. Look snapshots from their trip to the Netherlands ', 'to win this old award for best score. And -- straight from the X-Files her mother and daughter think they stumbled on the UFO. While on vacation. Look snapshots from their trip to the Netherlands in ', 'Mulder and Dana Scully tried to answer in the hit show  the X - Files . you. Now a new National Geographic unscientific online clothes. A team of investigators chasing down real life  X - Files  reports of alien abduction UFO sightings even military ', 'Fox Mulder and Dana Scully tried to answer in the hit show the X-Files . -- you. Now a new National Geographic unscientific online poll shows that more than eighty million Americans -- US -- exist and ', "called chasing UF clothes. A team of investigators chasing down real life X - Files reports of alien abduction UFO sightings even military cover office. There are skeptics and believers. There's a light. Pulsating these UFO hunters ", "David Wright goes to Carson City to take a look at the latest twist. To the world's oldest profession. Remember  the X - Files . Can pretend. I don't think of this as the triple spot. Boldly going where captain may have work. Not many others ", "a look at the latest twist. To the world's oldest profession. Remember the X-Files . Can pretend. I don't think of this as the triple -- spot. Boldly going where captain -- may have -- -- work. ", "We're getting several calls from all over that city people dark but elegant very. A celestial mystery straight out of  the X - Files  1996 from Mars was found in our how to get there. It was from outer space turns out there's an innocent explanation ", "but elegant very. -- -- -- A celestial mystery straight out of the X-Files 1996 -- from Mars was found in our how to get there. It was from outer space turns out there's an innocent ", "you feel like really and what the heck to the rest of us have yeah. Arenas means she's a baby in a file that under  the X - Files  isn't. Back there ask us now that a bad January consulting data to come to California occasion to alienate your next ", "have yeah. Arenas means she's a baby in a file that under the X-Files isn't. Back there ask us now that -- a bad January consulting data to come to California occasion to alienate your next "]