["ABC's  'Wipeout' Promises Tougher Obstacles: Vanessa Lachey Joins as New Co-Host", "I did survive that obstacle course on  ABC 's wipe out some mop off footage that's for another day. Yeah. This season that you. And a whole lot of contestants to whole news you again white community tonight  ABC  8 eastern. 7 central.", "I did survive that obstacle course on ABC's wipe out some mop off footage that's for another day. Yeah. This season that there are new -- -- obstacles on the ", 'whole lot of contestants to whole news you again white community tonight ABC 8 eastern. 7 central. ', "hey have you here yeah. We apparently we control the weather that is half an  ABC  planned event we felt like we were trying out for winter wipe out trying to coming generally you've got an and I went or what estimated 8 eastern on  ABC .", 'here yeah. We apparently we control the weather that is half an ABC planned event -- we felt like we were trying out for winter wipe out trying to come into work this morning yes ', 'might yeah actually we are casting right now so casting you go to  ABC  dot com. And I would say the is crazy or as athletic as possible out like that Tuesdays and Thursdays at 8 sevenths central on  ABC  about a dozen they have created in New York thanks for watching ', 'yeah actually we are casting right now so casting you go to ABC dot com. And I would say the is crazy or as athletic as possible with mister one of the two things will be on the -- all right Jill thank you so much different -- chatting with you today and you can check out like that Tuesdays and Thursdays at 8 sevenths central on ABC about a dozen they have created -- -- -- in New York thanks for watching. ', "fear factor in America's Funniest Home Videos it's it's both thrilling. And breathtaking at the same time but more than any thing it's a kind of show that you could watch live children. And that face plans tonight. At 8 PM on  ABC .", 'tedious. On our way out, they spot something slithering into the water. You can make a move a little bit. Reporter: Nothing. We leave them hacking into the brush with a long night and a month of hunting ahead. Matt gutman,  abc  news, miami.', "Not a story got the appearance on the hit  ABC  show wipe out may have saved his life that's Jason Fosamax speak of running the course turned out. Maybe saved his life.  ABC 's hit knockouts show wiped out is not for the week. Middle ", "a -- story -- -- got the -- appearance on the hit ABC show wipe out may have saved his life that's Jason Fosamax. He took some tough -- -- obstacle course but when those opposed to -- -- headaches wouldn't go away. He went to the doctors admitted critical discovery at Josh -- that's for our white got better today is unbelievable and I certainly -- -- most people could get to compete on the show they end up bruised and battered after trying to make it through all those obstacles. Again for this to contest that we speak of running the course turned out. Maybe -- saved his life. ABC's hit knockouts show wiped out is not for the week. Middle lane is -- which I unfortunately found out firsthand. -- -- ", "scenes work. Well it's fun and funny to people just don't crash. Big bulls' big falls and avoid John we are they've  wipeout  day sunny California. Now whatever time is tweaking the commentary. I thought ma and putting in the occasional comedy bit ", "big falls and avoid John -- -- -- -- we are they've wipeout day sunny California. Now whatever time is tweaking the commentary. I thought ma and putting in the occasional comedy bit me what ", "morning edition to I have never been up this early. the still has that new while we're usually with you in the evenings here on  ABC  we are up with the sun to welcome to competitors from your favorite morning show on TV when you get up and we're on TV when ", "-- -- while we're usually with you in the evenings here on ABC we are up with the sun to welcome to competitors from your favorite morning show -- on TV when you get up ", "than Think I hardly America I think this is contestant right here just outside the I'm. Yeah. Hope to have you back you have a brand new show that's on tonight wipe out that they. 7 central on  ABC  different Jo Wagner ladies and gentlemen.", "new show that's on tonight wipe out that they. 7 central on ABC -- -- different Jo Wagner ladies and gentlemen. ", "And has not. Peninsula  wipeout  host wife to singer Nicholas And recent mom. she couldn't wait we've already done so much for Good Morning America Diana her as  ABC  news New York. We're joined now by our senior medical contributor ", "And has not. Peninsula -- wipeout host wife to singer Nicholas -- And recent mom. -- she couldn't wait to hold her baby in her arms but two ", "if you must but millions of viewers every week still agree on the hilarious appeal. Of America's funniest videos here's  ABC 's David right. For the stars started again. They were America's Got Talent. Back when the founders of YouTube and we're ", "on the hilarious appeal. -- -- -- Of America's funniest videos here's ABC's David right. For the stars started again. They were America's Got Talent. Back when the founders of YouTube and we're still in ", "Many Catholics say is one busy out she can be seen every week co hosting the wacky world of wipe out on  ABC . She's promoting the take a load off campaign teaching people how to be more Green when it comes to doing their laundry and ", "seen every week co hosting the wacky world of wipe out on ABC . She's promoting the take a load off campaign teaching people how to be more Green when it comes to doing their laundry ", "Wipe out this new reality show premiering tonight on  ABC  features the world's largest obstacle courses it is. Intentionally designed to provide the most crashes. Face plants wipe ever ", "Wipe out this new reality show premiering tonight on ABC features -- the world's largest obstacle courses it is. Intentionally designed to provide the most crashes. Face plants wipe -- ever seen ", "side right now they have become very hard to stop and it's got to stop on March 4 I'd like to the discussion. Teddy Davis  ABC 's deputy political director Teddy. What do you see as old as Clinton's path from here to the nomination. couple things ", "on March 4 I'd like to -- -- the discussion. Teddy Davis ABC's deputy political director -- Teddy. What do you see as old as Clinton's path from here to the nomination. -- couple things "]