['Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg turns 29 on Tuesday. What do you buy a billionaire for his birthday? May we suggest some new clothes? As this gallery demonstrates, the young tech titan is famously known for his limited (some might say monotonous) wardrobe.', "As a baby, little Mark had to wear whatever his parents dressed him in -- thus this powder blue outfit. He's been striking a blow for personal fashion freedom ever since.", 'Zuckerberg is best-known for his iconic hoodie, which even has its own mock Twitter accounts. But that may not be the most favored item in his closet.', "Zuckerberg has become partial to this gray Facebook T-shirt, adorned with three small icons that grace every user's Facebook page. ", 'Mark has worn the shirt for numerous Facebook events and announcements, like this one.', 'Zuckerberg did clean up his act when President Barack Obama visited Facebook headquarters in April 2011. His suit and tie were so rare, Obama even made a joke about it.', 'But when Facebook went public on May 18, 2012, Zuckerberg was back to his hoodie-wearing ways.', 'No doubt to her great relief, Zuckerberg dressed up for his wedding to longtime girlfriend Priscilla Chan on May 19, 2012. No word on whether he rented the suit.', "Zuckerberg faces many questions as he ponders his fashion future. Can a tech CEO still wear T-shirts and hoodies to business events at 40? 50? Probably. But let's hope Priscilla took him shopping for his birthday.", 'Young billionaire has inspired one of every seven people on the planet to use his product', "(CNN) -- Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg just had a birthday on May 14. He's now 29. If that seems insanely young for a billionaire, remember that he co-founded Facebook when he was a teenager.", "Zuckerberg has a lot to celebrate. He's amassed a fortune, inspired one of every seven people on the planet to use his product and changed how the world communicates -- all before age 30.", 'By comparison, when they were 29, Steve Jobs launched the Macintosh computer and Bill Gates was readying the first retail version of Microsoft Windows. And most of the rest of us were just struggling to pay the rent.', 'So happy birthday to Zuck! To mark the occasion, we collected these 10 random facts about the tech wunderkind:', "1. Zuckerberg suffers from red-green colorblindness and sees the color blue best, which is why blue dominates Facebook's color scheme.", "2. AOL and Microsoft tried to recruit him when he was in high school after he created Synapse, a program that used artificial intelligence to learn users' music-listening habits.", "3. He wears the same gray Facebook T-shirt almost every day because he's busy and it saves him time in the morning.", "4. Despite Zuckerberg's casual wardrobe, he said he wore a tie every day in 2009 to show that Facebook was serious about growing in the face of the global recession.", '5. He is a vegetarian and once said he will only eat meat if he has killed the animal himself. But among his "likes" on his Facebook page are McDonald\'s and In-N-Out Burger.', "6. He has amassed 220,000 Twitter followers despite the fact that he's only tweeted 19 times in four years, and not once in 15 months.", '7. In October 2010, Zuckerberg took a bunch of Facebook staffers to a public theater to see "The Social Network," the movie about the founding of Facebook. In public comments afterward, he criticized the film\'s portrayal of him as someone who invented Facebook to gain social status.', '8. He owns a Hungarian sheepdog named Beast, who has a Facebook page with 1.5 million fans.', '9. He took some heat last year for giving his wife, Priscilla Chan, a ruby wedding ring that jewelers valued at about $25,000 even though he was worth about $19 billion at the time.', '10. If you type @[4:0] in a Facebook comment window and hit enter, his name will appear.', 'What, if anything, fascinates you about Zuckerberg? Let us know in the comments.']