["actress and singer  Selena Gomez  and investigators are Justin Bieber. But now  Selena Gomez  says she's living yards away from the  Wizards of Waverly Place  actress. That order not the first time  Selena Gomez  has gotten death threats ", "case. Rudnick He is required to stay 100 yards away from the Wizards of Waverly Place actress. That order could be extended to last three years -- hearing set for next. Mark Gomez now joins a string of other high profile stars like Halley Berry and Paris Hilton. Who've into -- stocking nightmares. He now has to be security conscious. Who were you know the foreseeable future she can't be protected by LAPD. Round the clock since she may have a higher own security. And unfortunately this is not the first time Selena Gomez has gotten death threats backing may. Pictures of her and Justin -- vacationing together sparked a jealous hate campaign. Bieber fans posted ", "beautiful young star cannot do  Selena Gomez  hot offers summer blockbuster off the four season Disney show  Wizards of Waverly Place  and now she's out with a new A year without rain welcome  Selena Gomez . Okay. Happy belated birthday ", "music it seems there is nothing this beautiful young star cannot do Selena Gomez -- hot offers summer blockbuster Ramona and visas. And kicking off the four season -- Disney show Wizards of Waverly Place and now she's out with a new CD it's called. A year without rain welcome Selena Gomez . Okay. Happy belated birthday turned eighteen this summer and it's clear that any. -- -- -- wild celebration kind of person who ", "talking today with teen star  Selena Gomez  of the mega popular Disney show the  Wizards of Waverly Place . She joins us to tell us about Aren't I the besides filming  Wizards of Waverly Place  you have a new DVD coming out ", "And we are talking today with teen star Selena Gomez of the mega popular Disney show the Wizards of Waverly Place . She joins us to tell us about it program that she's involved and to get teens voices heard on some of the ", "I would definitely be -- that hopefully. Aren't I the besides filming Wizards of Waverly Place you have a new DVD coming out another Cinderella story tell us about that. I so much I'm super excited extras that ", "Go Diego go  Wizards of Waverly Place  and a perfect game this guy's have a feeling it seems like  Jake T Austin  has done all but get this folks you stars Max Russo in the  Wizards of Waverly Place  to start as Chris on Johnny ", "Go Diego go Wizards of Waverly Place and a perfect game this guy's one of Hollywood's hottest young actors. And there's a lot more on the horizon I have a feeling it seems like Jake T Austin has done -- all but get this folks he's just. Thirteen years old welcome -- so a lot of people know you ", "It's it's. Can use. I so you stars Max Russo in the Wizards of Waverly Place to start as Chris on Johnny couple Paula back on board. Which was your favorite. Favorite I that won't continue doing -- ", 'most surprising thing is the cast. Three of the stars got famous if teen and tween entertainment.  Selena gomez , from "the  wizards of waverly place ." Ashley benson and vanessa hudgens. They play college student who is rob a diner to pay for a ', 'cast. Three of the stars got famous if teen and tween entertainment. Selena gomez , from "the wizards of waverly place ." Ashley benson and vanessa hudgens. They play college student who is rob a diner to pay for a trip to florida where ', "'GMA' Pop News Heat Index: Adele Honored by Rolling Stone; Justin Bieber Engaged?", 'but I heard great things yeah. Justin Bieber and  Selena Gomez  are not to engage you heard here first the blog provides open with a possibility. After the nineteen year old  Wizards of Waverly Place  star was photographed diamond ring on the hatred Below ', 'not yet but I heard great things -- yeah. Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez are not to engage you heard here first the blog provides -- open with a possibility. After the nineteen year old Wizards of Waverly Place star was photographed -- -- diamond ring on the hatred -- -- Below -- -- -- reps say though the ring is ', 'We turn now to  Jennifer stone  of the hit Disney show the  Wizards of Waverly Place  Jennifer has landed the lead fans know and love you from  Wizards of Waverly Place  and you just on your third ', "We turn now to Jennifer stone of the hit Disney show the Wizards of Waverly Place Jennifer has landed the lead role in Disney's newest TV movie Harriet the spy blog -- And he's here today to tell ", 'into this role many of your fans know and love you from Wizards of Waverly Place and you just -- on your third C then. So what do you think -- track for the fourth season. -- -- ', "talking today with teen star  Selena Gomez  of the mega popular Disney show the  Wizards of Waverly Place . She joins us to tell us about Aren't I the besides filming  Wizards of Waverly Place  you have a new DVD coming out ", "find a celebrity birthdays. And we are talking today with teen star Selena Gomez of the mega popular Disney show the Wizards of Waverly Place . She joins us to tell us about it program that she's involved and to get teens voices heard on some of the ", "be I would definitely began that hopefully. Aren't I the besides filming Wizards of Waverly Place you have a new DVD coming out another Cinderella story tell us about that. I so much I'm super excited because that ", "and how strong it's gotten. Other people from Disney that show on this list is Vanessa Hudgens  Selena Gomez  obviously from  Wizards of Waverly Place  and at crime. All of many of those are from High School Musical three which was released this year ", 'Other people from Disney that show on this list is Vanessa Hudgens Selena Gomez obviously from Wizards of Waverly Place and -- at crime. All of many of those are from High School Musical three which was released this year extremely popular ', "White and the Huntsman who favored the you know what. go mess you want me yep favorite TV actress for her role in  Wizards of Waverly Place  on the same her plus heavy film spring breakers opened nationwide today go. And climbed the bar humans like I've ", "mess you want me yep favorite TV actress for her role in Wizards of Waverly Place on the same -- her plus heavy film spring breakers opened nationwide today go. And climbed the bar humans like I've been ", "stars that they've really said that you know now Hannah Montana is over now that there in the last season of  Wizards of Waverly Place  and you aren't. The Disney star right now how does that without a lot of and and. It means is that know of ", "Hannah Montana is over now that there in the last season of Wizards of Waverly Place and you aren't. The Disney star right now how does that -- without a lot of -- and -- and. It means ", "Welcome news rocking Hollywood this week Kansas brings tears to everyone's and  Selena Gomez  thank you so much of that. car. Blob broke it up officially and now the rumor mill's churning the reason to war. first Miller ", "Kansas brings tears to everyone's -- -- -- -- -- -- and Selena Gomez thank you so much of that. -- car. Blob broke it up officially and now the rumor mill's churning -- the reason "]