["six years creator of the TV series  the X - Files  Cris Carter is back in the game as possible. What people think  X - Files  they think aliens they think conspiracies Right mostly what we've done  the X - Files  say 80% of the episodes were not ", 'off the air for over six years creator of the TV series the X-Files Cris Carter is back in the game along with agents Mulder and Scully with. Much anticipated summer films for more -- the ', "of kept it under wraps as much as possible. What people think X - Files they think aliens they think conspiracies that you guys have made it clear you're not dealing with aliens this time because you've dealt with them last time. Can you give us a little bit of -- -- what's happening here. Right mostly what we've done the X-Files -- say 80% of the episodes were not alien episodes of conspiracy episode that was they find a running arcs through the ", "first on sixteen years ago. Now the name of the movie is X - Files I want to believe and that comes from our poster and Molder is -- this -- and I think it's something He ", 'picture of herself and her new prize. Block for the first woman to win this old award for best score. And straight from  the X - Files  her mother and daughter think they stumbled on the UFO. While on vacation. Look snapshots from their trip to the Netherlands ', 'to win this old award for best score. And -- straight from the X-Files her mother and daughter think they stumbled on the UFO. While on vacation. Look snapshots from their trip to the Netherlands in ', 'Mulder and Dana Scully tried to answer in the hit show  the X - Files . you. Now a new National Geographic unscientific online clothes. A team of investigators chasing down real life  X - Files  reports of alien abduction UFO sightings even military ', 'Fox Mulder and Dana Scully tried to answer in the hit show the X-Files . -- you. Now a new National Geographic unscientific online poll shows that more than eighty million Americans -- US -- exist and ', "called chasing UF clothes. A team of investigators chasing down real life X - Files reports of alien abduction UFO sightings even military cover office. There are skeptics and believers. There's a light. Pulsating these UFO hunters ", "David Wright goes to Carson City to take a look at the latest twist. To the world's oldest profession. Remember  the X - Files . Can pretend. I don't think of this as the triple spot. Boldly going where captain may have work. Not many others ", "a look at the latest twist. To the world's oldest profession. Remember the X-Files . Can pretend. I don't think of this as the triple -- spot. Boldly going where captain -- may have -- -- work. ", "We're getting several calls from all over that city people dark but elegant very. A celestial mystery straight out of  the X - Files  1996 from Mars was found in our how to get there. It was from outer space turns out there's an innocent explanation ", "but elegant very. -- -- -- A celestial mystery straight out of the X-Files 1996 -- from Mars was found in our how to get there. It was from outer space turns out there's an innocent ", "you feel like really and what the heck to the rest of us have yeah. Arenas means she's a baby in a file that under  the X - Files  isn't. Back there ask us now that a bad January consulting data to come to California occasion to alienate your next ", "have yeah. Arenas means she's a baby in a file that under the X-Files isn't. Back there ask us now that -- a bad January consulting data to come to California occasion to alienate your next ", "mustard. She spoke to us. You can my slide past. Something about these new thriller these days I think it started with  the X - Files  where. It it became sort of a good to not have the two leads get involved romantically I don't know why that's ", "Something about these new thriller these days I think it started with the X-Files where. It it became sort of a good -- to not have the two leads get involved romantically I don't know why ", "the mustard. She spoke to us. You want my slide past. Something about these new these days I think it started with  the X - Files  where. It it became sort of a good signs and not have the two leads get involved romantically I don't know why that's ", "Something about these new -- these days I think it started with the X-Files where. It it became sort of a good signs and not have the two leads get involved romantically I don't know why ", "that and of course we've got an  X - Files  movie coming out and trying to think are gonna change her mind about  the X - Files  based on this but it's a nice talk about it and that's what  the X - Files  kind of brought into things before ", "stuff. You know things like that and of course we've got an X - Files movie coming out and trying to think if people are gonna change her mind about the X-Files based on this but it's a nice little wave so what we -- to remember about that seniors that are very loved so much -- people talk -- TV shows now. The way they used to talk about movies movies now returning park rides their excitement there's sensations but TV really is that let's have a piece of pie and talk about it and that's what the X-Files kind of brought into things before the senate remember who we were -- when we watched X -- yes I was much ", 'this mess. Geeks everywhere rejoice as an.  X - Files  film sequel has been confirmed to be in the works delaying the making a part GM. But now settled  David Duchovny  and  Gillian Anderson  once again reprise their roles as Mulder and ', "and now here we are this mess. Geeks everywhere rejoice as an. X film sequel has been confirmed to be in the works at least some legal issues -- been pending delaying the making a part GM. But now settled David Duchovny and Gillian Anderson -- once again reprise their roles as Mulder and Scully. I wonder if they'll be investigating -- in eating chips true story. ", 'little birdie so the new  X - Files  to do  X - Files  movie you know which which modest version of the last  X - Files  you know. I always think of  David Duchovny  being like yogi Ehrlich that much if you know an  X - Files  that draws on your. Historical ', "even more disturbing as well. A little birdie -- so the new X - Files to do X - Files movie -- -- you know which which is a much more modest version of the last X - Files you know. I always think of David Duchovny -- being like yogi Ehrlich. Sigourney Weaver in ghostbusters. Floating like. Three feet above his material you know again he's really good this is a movie you can watch and not be next file Stan. I don't know if it's a movie you care about that much if you know an X - Files -- -- that draws on your. Historical feelings for the relationship between Scully -- -- way I think the average. Or might not have. It's not just -- this movie takes place in the post 9/11 here which changed the way we look at what's out there it's that it takes place in the post sopranos here. You know X - Files really brought to television the kind of conversations we have about TV now that we about The Sopranos or sex in the "]