["know results shortly after that time. The  ABC  News' Political Unit will send out the about being left in the lurch, telling  ABC  News' Rick Klein last week that national grown too timid after the 2012 electoral  wipeout . If they can't support a Latino entrepreneur ", "conversations , here are some of the stories the  ABC  News political unit is watching in the keeping their wallets a little tighter in a  wipeout  election's aftermath. Obama Stumps for times, actually -- in an interview with  ABC  News. Pelosi Slaps Down Reporters Asking ", 'Republicans appear to have grown too timid after the 2012 electoral  wipeout . If they can\'t support a Latino entrepreneur and military 100 Gabriel Gomezes out there in our party," Priebus told  ABC  News. "I hope for every ounce of help that Gabriel can get ', 'but says her feelings of pure joy and happiness morphed into debilitating "baby blues." Lachey, the host of  ABC \'s " Wipeout " and wife to singer Nick Lachey, revealed her overwhelming feeling she calls "baby blues" set in two weeks after ', 'that its price tag would nearly  wipeout  any deficit savings Democrats spending side," Obama told  ABC \'s Barbara Walters this week reaches the 11th hour. The latest  ABC  News-Washington Post poll shows efforts, according to the poll.  ABC  News\' Jonathan Karl contributed ', '32, is a former beauty queen who hosted MTV\'s "Total Request Live" from 2003 through 2007, and now hosts " Wipeout " on  ABC . She has also appeared on a number of TV series, including NBC\'s "30 Rock" and CBS\' "How I Met Your Mother ', "registered voters polled by  ABC  News chose the president over of registered voters polled by  ABC  News said they'd rather have table. But it's not a total  wipeout  for the Republican. On what  ABC  News poll chief Gary Langer calls ", 'built his very own 90-foot-long " Wipeout " style obstacle course on the street after shooting his audition tape for " Wipeout ," which featured his kids, Hailie 5, navigating their backyard mini-" Wipeout " obstacles Conley had created to land ', 'It\'s hard to resist watching the contestants on the  ABC  show " Wipeout " getting tossed around the obstacle course like rag to be alive." Poznaks has some advice for future " Wipeout " contestants. "Just go and have fun. It\'s the ', 'There was such a laundry list of so many elements and all the components of what led to that whole train wreck, that whole  wipeout , whatever you want to call it, that violent torpedo that flew out of my mouth," he said. But there are still a few eccentric ', "'World News' Political Insights: Mitt Romney's Commanding Super Tuesday Position", "estimated 184 delegates, to Rick Santorum's 91, according to  ABC  News calculations. Critical Ohio is among the states up for and Idaho also voting Super Tuesday, the chances of a Romney  wipeout  are remote. Complicating the anti-Romney forces' day is ", 'MONDAY, JANUARY 2 - Ben Flajnik ( ABC \'s "The Bachelor"); "New Tracey Gold and Carnie Wilson ( ABC \'s "Celebrity Wife Swap viewers; Vanessa Lachey (" Wipeout "); B is for Baking... cooking JANUARY 6 - Jennifer Morrison ( ABC \'s "Once Upon A Time ', 'O\'Neil for how to avoid a  wipeout  and be a survivor in the shark Survived A Japanese Game Show," " Wipeout ," "The Apprentice" and "Shark Tank." He also cast a new  ABC  show premiering in June called Gets Real," online here.  ABC  News\' Susie Whitley contributed ', "Get a shout out to our friends. I thought I'd wipe out that would be great yeah. We have some fun of course on the extreme off course each and every reject the video  ABC  news yeah. That's what looks. And in the okay. It's.", "the extreme off course each and every reject the video -- -- ABC news yeah. That's what looks. And in the okay. It's. ", "ABC's  'Wipeout' Promises Tougher Obstacles: Vanessa Lachey Joins as New Co-Host", "I did survive that obstacle course on  ABC 's wipe out some mop off footage that's for another day. Yeah. This season that you. And a whole lot of contestants to whole news you again white community tonight  ABC  8 eastern. 7 central.", "I did survive that obstacle course on ABC's wipe out some mop off footage that's for another day. Yeah. This season that there are new -- -- obstacles on the ", 'whole lot of contestants to whole news you again white community tonight ABC 8 eastern. 7 central. ', "hey have you here yeah. We apparently we control the weather that is half an  ABC  planned event we felt like we were trying out for winter wipe out trying to coming generally you've got an and I went or what estimated 8 eastern on  ABC .", 'here yeah. We apparently we control the weather that is half an ABC planned event -- we felt like we were trying out for winter wipe out trying to come into work this morning yes ', 'might yeah actually we are casting right now so casting you go to  ABC  dot com. And I would say the is crazy or as athletic as possible out like that Tuesdays and Thursdays at 8 sevenths central on  ABC  about a dozen they have created in New York thanks for watching ', 'yeah actually we are casting right now so casting you go to ABC dot com. And I would say the is crazy or as athletic as possible with mister one of the two things will be on the -- all right Jill thank you so much different -- chatting with you today and you can check out like that Tuesdays and Thursdays at 8 sevenths central on ABC about a dozen they have created -- -- -- in New York thanks for watching. ', "fear factor in America's Funniest Home Videos it's it's both thrilling. And breathtaking at the same time but more than any thing it's a kind of show that you could watch live children. And that face plans tonight. At 8 PM on  ABC .", 'tedious. On our way out, they spot something slithering into the water. You can make a move a little bit. Reporter: Nothing. We leave them hacking into the brush with a long night and a month of hunting ahead. Matt gutman,  abc  news, miami.', "Not a story got the appearance on the hit  ABC  show wipe out may have saved his life that's Jason Fosamax speak of running the course turned out. Maybe saved his life.  ABC 's hit knockouts show wiped out is not for the week. Middle ", "a -- story -- -- got the -- appearance on the hit ABC show wipe out may have saved his life that's Jason Fosamax. He took some tough -- -- obstacle course but when those opposed to -- -- headaches wouldn't go away. He went to the doctors admitted critical discovery at Josh -- that's for our white got better today is unbelievable and I certainly -- -- most people could get to compete on the show they end up bruised and battered after trying to make it through all those obstacles. Again for this to contest that we speak of running the course turned out. Maybe -- saved his life. ABC's hit knockouts show wiped out is not for the week. Middle lane is -- which I unfortunately found out firsthand. -- -- "]