['Have a question for  Selena Gomez ? She says you\'ll find the answer in her new album who had her breakthrough on Disney Channel\'s " Wizards of Waverly Place " at age 15, says she knows she hasn\'t been too ', 'Potente ("The Bourne Identity") is 39. Actor Keegan Allen ("Pretty Little Liars") is 26. Actress  Selena Gomez  ("The  Wizards of Waverly Place ") is 21. July 23: Actress Gloria DeHaven is 88. Radio personality Don Imus is 73. Country singer ', 'for favorite TV show, and  Selena Gomez  was voted favorite TV actress her role in Disney\'s " Wizards of Waverly Place ." More celebrities who Ally Favorite TV Actress  Selena Gomez ,  Wizards of Waverly Place  Film Favorite Movie The ', 'iCarly" and " Wizards of Waverly Place ," and super-popular Downey Jr. and  Selena Gomez . Two new Victorious" " Wizards of Waverly Place " Favorite Favorite TV Actor  Jake T .  Austin , " Wizards of Waverly iCarly"  Selena Gomez , " Wizards', 'Selena Gomez  is showing lots of skin for Gomez, the former " Wizards of Waverly Place " star. A large majority RELATED: Justin Bieber and  Selena Gomez  Break Up "The posters opens March 29. RELATED:  Selena Gomez  Surprises Little Girl ', 'is a huge fan of pop superstar  Selena Gomez  . So when Make-a-Wish, an her reply. "I wish to meet  Selena Gomez  \'cause she\'s awesome," she place," Gomez said. The " Wizards of Waverly Place " star, who has performed in ', 'are no more. A source close to Justin Bieber and  Selena Gomez  confirmed to ABC News Radio today that the pair have recently wrapped production for the Disney Channel\'s " Wizards of Waverly Place " TV movie. Representatives for Bieber and Gomez ', 'many words to describe  Selena Gomez . She\'s a movie star of Disney\'s hit " Wizards of Waverly Place " which she got her hands full since " Wizards " ended. She\'s working music with her band, " Selena Gomez  & the Scene," and ', 'Summer Concert Series , teen actress and singer  Selena Gomez  talked backstage with Lara Spencer. During their Super Power : Known for her role in Disney\'s " Wizards of Waverly Place ," Gomez wishes her real life super power was flying ', 'Dancing With the Stars Season 12 Results: Mike Catherwood, Lacey Schwimmer First Couple Booted', 'Channel Original Movies "Minutemen" and "Starstruck," and guest-starred on Disney Channel\'s hit series " Wizards of Waverly Place ," "Cracking Up," "Summerland," "Listen Up" and "The Bill Engvall Show." On the big screen, she landed ', 'Channel Original Movies "Minutemen" and "Starstruck," and guest-starred on Disney Channel\'s hit series " Wizards of Waverly Place ," "Cracking Up," "Summerland," "Listen Up" and "The Bill Engvall Show." On the big screen, she landed ', 'happy to be joined by  Selena Gomez . Plays both teenager new Disney show the  Wizards of Waverly Place  thanks so much for tell us about the  Wizards of Waverly Place . I well is urgently can school as her  wizards  at school usually ', "most difficult situation. But today -- so happy to be joined by Selena Gomez . Plays both teenager and part wizard. She is here to talk about her new Disney show the Wizards of Waverly Place -- thanks so much for joining us. Yeah. Under -- -- listed just talk about that -- a brand new comedy on the Disney Channel tell us about the Wizards of Waverly Place . I -- well is urgently appealing place is basically about a family of his aides aren't hanging wizardry from my father sat down. With all the special effects and everything that we learned at the same time where -- normal kids in the candidates. The deal is normally she's you can school -- as her wizards at school usually there's -- first cases in all kinds of normal sense that we don't. Sentencing time -- -- like reliving ", "actress and singer  Selena Gomez  and investigators are Justin Bieber. But now  Selena Gomez  says she's living yards away from the  Wizards of Waverly Place  actress. That order not the first time  Selena Gomez  has gotten death threats ", "case. Rudnick He is required to stay 100 yards away from the Wizards of Waverly Place actress. That order could be extended to last three years -- hearing set for next. Mark Gomez now joins a string of other high profile stars like Halley Berry and Paris Hilton. Who've into -- stocking nightmares. He now has to be security conscious. Who were you know the foreseeable future she can't be protected by LAPD. Round the clock since she may have a higher own security. And unfortunately this is not the first time Selena Gomez has gotten death threats backing may. Pictures of her and Justin -- vacationing together sparked a jealous hate campaign. Bieber fans posted ", "beautiful young star cannot do  Selena Gomez  hot offers summer blockbuster off the four season Disney show  Wizards of Waverly Place  and now she's out with a new A year without rain welcome  Selena Gomez . Okay. Happy belated birthday ", "music it seems there is nothing this beautiful young star cannot do Selena Gomez -- hot offers summer blockbuster Ramona and visas. And kicking off the four season -- Disney show Wizards of Waverly Place and now she's out with a new CD it's called. A year without rain welcome Selena Gomez . Okay. Happy belated birthday turned eighteen this summer and it's clear that any. -- -- -- wild celebration kind of person who ", "talking today with teen star  Selena Gomez  of the mega popular Disney show the  Wizards of Waverly Place . She joins us to tell us about Aren't I the besides filming  Wizards of Waverly Place  you have a new DVD coming out ", "And we are talking today with teen star Selena Gomez of the mega popular Disney show the Wizards of Waverly Place . She joins us to tell us about it program that she's involved and to get teens voices heard on some of the ", "I would definitely be -- that hopefully. Aren't I the besides filming Wizards of Waverly Place you have a new DVD coming out another Cinderella story tell us about that. I so much I'm super excited extras that ", "Go Diego go  Wizards of Waverly Place  and a perfect game this guy's have a feeling it seems like  Jake T Austin  has done all but get this folks you stars Max Russo in the  Wizards of Waverly Place  to start as Chris on Johnny ", "Go Diego go Wizards of Waverly Place and a perfect game this guy's one of Hollywood's hottest young actors. And there's a lot more on the horizon I have a feeling it seems like Jake T Austin has done -- all but get this folks he's just. Thirteen years old welcome -- so a lot of people know you ", "It's it's. Can use. I so you stars Max Russo in the Wizards of Waverly Place to start as Chris on Johnny couple Paula back on board. Which was your favorite. Favorite I that won't continue doing -- ", 'most surprising thing is the cast. Three of the stars got famous if teen and tween entertainment.  Selena gomez , from "the  wizards of waverly place ." Ashley benson and vanessa hudgens. They play college student who is rob a diner to pay for a ', 'cast. Three of the stars got famous if teen and tween entertainment. Selena gomez , from "the wizards of waverly place ." Ashley benson and vanessa hudgens. They play college student who is rob a diner to pay for a trip to florida where ', "'GMA' Pop News Heat Index: Adele Honored by Rolling Stone; Justin Bieber Engaged?", 'but I heard great things yeah. Justin Bieber and  Selena Gomez  are not to engage you heard here first the blog provides open with a possibility. After the nineteen year old  Wizards of Waverly Place  star was photographed diamond ring on the hatred Below ', 'not yet but I heard great things -- yeah. Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez are not to engage you heard here first the blog provides -- open with a possibility. After the nineteen year old Wizards of Waverly Place star was photographed -- -- diamond ring on the hatred -- -- Below -- -- -- reps say though the ring is ']