['Larry Platt: Not since  William Hung  has an " American Idol " reject appropriate lower-body wear, " Pants on the Ground ." Key lyrics include, "Lookin\' like a fool with your  pants on the ground ." Though Simon Cowell stopped ', 'song called \' Pants on the Ground ," Platt told Blige. " Pants on the ground ?," Cowell Idol," when  William Hung  belted out a Martin\'s " She Bangs ," has an the original \' Pants on the Ground \', it\'s my ', 'about talent as much as personality. (Engineering nerd  William Hung  started the trend, scoring 15 minutes of fame and a record deal after belting out Ricky Martin\'s " She Bangs " in a season three audition.) "We almost don\'t ', 'uncool-looking device muffles your singing and lets you belt out Ricky Martin\'s " She Bangs " without letting everyone know you\'re more like  William Hung . Porta-Party Shy guest coming to your New Year\'s Eve party? Rent this booth so ', 'art imitating life," ABC\'s Jake Tapper blogs. Joe the Plumber going Hollywood? "Move over, Sanjaya, and tell  William Hung  the news: Joe the Plumber is being pursued for a major record deal and could come out with a country album as early ', 'music simulation game -- is basically tone deaf. His version of Journey\'s "Anyway You Want It" sounds more like a  William Hung  remix than a lead singer Steve Perry original. But that doesn\'t matter. He\'s hooked, and that\'s beautiful music ', 'say it was "American Idol"-worthy would not be incorrect, assuming one is referring to the likes of the infamous  William Hung . Alas, Simon Cowell was nowhere to be found. For an encore, the Pinkers belted out "He\'ll Bomb the Whole World ', 'Links: Apple TV Justin.tv Via Robin Hood Justin.tv Robin Good Wooden body parts" via "Boing Boing Wooden Body Parts Boing Boing Sheep-Human Hybrid" via "Boing Boing Human Sheep Bybrid Boing Boing Monster Toad Beatbots Project  William Hung  Cooking Show Feeds:', 'President Al Gore who would play him in the movie. " William Hung ," Gore dead-panned. "I love the \'Idol" reference Democratic presidential nominee a "rock star." " William Hung  was a rock star," Gore SAID "I just have a slide ', 'H") Jerry Mathers ("Leave It to Beaver") $2,500-$4.999 Anson "Potsie" Williams ("Happy Days")  William Hung  ("American Idol") Eddie Haskell ("Leave It to Beaver") $500-$1,000 "Deal or No Deal" girls Maxim magazine ', '000; Efren Ramirez, "Pedro" from "Napoleon Dynamite," for $5,000; and, infamous "American Idol" loser  William Hung  for $4,000 -- and he\'ll even sing two songs. More party hosts are hiring celebrity guests to attend their holiday ', 'modern American culture is this: If you\'re going to fail, you might as well be a spectacular failure. Call it the " William Hung  Rule." But let\'s not confuse winners of the Ig Nobel Prize -- a satirical answer to the Nobel Prize -- given out ', "with Michael Sandecki, who won a Golden Idol award for the best Aiken impression. Sandecki is perhaps this year's  William Hung , but more than that, Aiken's hair was frightening. It was a darker version of Florence Henderson's pageboy from ", "that their site and his because zoo toys and perhaps though one of the daughter is up now that princess by ache. And  William Hung  so I don't know what a 109 dollars but I used a coupon code I got 2.5 bucks. He's eighty foot it's. Now neat ", "of the daughter is up now -- that princess by ache. And William Hung so I don't know what a 109 dollars but I used a coupon code I got 2.5 bucks. He's eighty foot -- ", "both hands. By staging an elaborate one man I'd fight you guessed it with boat pants. Yes. Cool while up from the  William Hung  cooking show sends us this video question. Here I am of the freeway and and like it is back at my house it's allowed ", 'you guessed it with boat pants. Yes. Cool while up from the William Hung cooking show sends us this video question. Here I am of the freeway and and like it is back at my house ', "nineteenth century its replacement for blood that and work out And lastly today we have a question from.  William Hung . From the  William Hung  cooking show. And however. I don't eat. I'm using more accidents and WH. at Nintendo dot net is ", "and work out -- And lastly today we have a question from. William Hung . From the William Hung cooking show. And however. I don't eat. I'm using -- more accidents and WH. -- at -- Nintendo dot net is going ", "think that. It's going to be around. yeah I'm pretty great things happening to people. An old buddy of yours  William Hung  he's coming on our show tomorrow morning. And yeah yeah idea he'll be here tomorrow and things like a really nice ", "I'm pretty great things happening to people. An old buddy of yours William Hung he's coming on our show tomorrow morning. And yeah yeah idea -- he'll be here tomorrow and things like a really nice "]