["natural for one summer at that learn how to swim because like riding a bike he never forget did. He hasn't forgotten he's training for the next Olympics. Hoping some of these kids will follow his lead David ABC news  Bethesda  Maryland", "I'm always reminded when I mean our men and women in uniform. Whether there in the war theater here back home Walter Reed.  Bethesda . I'm reminded all spokesman onto it to be honored. They don't do it to be celebrated. They do it because they love their ", "Whether there in the war theater here back home -- Walter Reed. Bethesda . I'm reminded all -- spokesman onto it to be honored. They don't do it to be celebrated. They do it because they ", "does go on. Three years into the war Jeff land there was struck by IED unconscious for 32 days measure and and then when the  Bethesda  naval hospital I can't. He can't remember anything from that interview but today he owns a new house and is back in college ", "IED unconscious for 32 days measure and -- and then when the Bethesda naval hospital I can't. -- He can't remember anything from that interview but today he owns a new house and is back ", "in world. Anyway. Sargent glass is of more than 2000 servicemen injured in Iraq Iran Afghanistan and has been treated at  Bethesda  naval hospital. Since April 2003. Most impatient that we even brain injuries that aren't in there really colony's postal ", "2000 servicemen injured in Iraq Iran Afghanistan and has been treated at Bethesda naval hospital. Since April 2003. Most impatient that we even brain injuries that aren't in there really colony's postal -- added. High ", "followed cheat. He's the director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases and he's joining me from  Bethesda  Maryland. you know I've come across dengue fever in the field. It's often my experience but knowledge you worried that ", "National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases and he's joining me from Bethesda Maryland. -- -- -- you know I've come across dengue fever in the field. It's often -- my experience but knowledge you ", 'promised at least. One million dollars toward this facility in  Bethesda  actually entertainment facility. Offer seriously injured military troops against going to be in  Bethesda  Maryland. Later this and hand over quarter of a million dollars ', "group he's promised at least. One million dollars toward this facility in Bethesda -- actually entertainment facility. Offer seriously injured military troops against going to be in Bethesda Maryland. Later this -- and hand over quarter of a million dollars in private ceremony the first installment. It's an overall has ", '2006. wanted to while reporting in Iraq that was hidden by the ferocious wars of the nineteen. When I woke up 36 days later  Bethesda  naval hospital my speech was scrambled and confused. Sixty years ago. six days ago. Doctors gave her the okay to move from ', 'ferocious wars of the nineteen. When I woke up 36 days later Bethesda naval hospital -- my speech was scrambled and confused. Sixty years ago. -- -- six days ago. Doctors gave her the okay ', "as we were sitting in the newsroom. Waiting for word we didn't think he would survive at all. And then we came back to  Bethesda . Near a hospital went. Visit with the family went to hospital for briefing and it was really unclear now whether it live ", 'think he would survive at all. And then we came back to Bethesda . Near a hospital -- went. Visit with the family went to hospital for briefing and it was really unclear now whether it ', "early years. Twins though aren't carbon copies next we. You don't like chocolate. Can he do different that went right. But there's no denying that special bond. No doubt now and forever. Lisa stark ABC news  Bethesda  Maryland.", 'that special bond. No doubt now and forever. Lisa stark ABC news Bethesda Maryland. ', "Hot Springs, Arkansas shoe repair shop. We talked with the photographers to the most popular shots I'm. Or go live in  Bethesda  Maryland I took the photographed in Monument Valley. I think the American west and landscape is of heart our heritage imagining ", "-- -- to the most popular shots I'm. Or go live in Bethesda Maryland I took the photographed in Monument Valley. I think the American west and landscape is -- of heart our heritage imagining. ", 'Warrick dead lululemon. A posh yoga clothing store tucked in  Bethesda  and upscale suburb of Washington DC. The two women close the arguing that night. brutal murder has stunned the normally quiet  Bethesda  community. When murder and the on the avenue on Friday night ', 'and Norwood Warrick dead lululemon. A posh yoga clothing store tucked in Bethesda and upscale suburb of Washington DC. The two women close the shop on March 11 but investigators say Norwood later asked Murray ', "women arguing that night. -- brutal murder has stunned the normally quiet Bethesda community. When -- murder and the -- on the -- avenue on Friday night when. It's almost -- and I mean just ", "on Andrews all the congressional leaders and it was waiting waiting for hours. Mrs. Kennedy road their husband's body to  Bethesda  naval medical center where the autopsy was performed. At 3 o'clock the next morning they all came back to the White House ", "waiting waiting for hours. Mrs. Kennedy road -- their husband's body to Bethesda naval medical center where the autopsy was performed. At 3 o'clock the next morning they all came back to the White House. ", "school sweetheart meg. After school they went there separate weights but stayed in touch when Jones got hurt making straight to  Bethesda . The anything inherently going to be here and there's there's nothing they can make here. Fellow Marines many who have ", "weights but stayed in touch when Jones got hurt making straight to Bethesda . The -- anything inherently going to be here and there's there's nothing they can make -- here. Fellow Marines many who have ", 'And when his very proud He suffered traumatic brain injury losses line. Who celebrated what about the. Jones was moved to  Bethesda  naval medical center where our team visited him one week later. He is a shadow of the strapping marine we met in Afghanistan ', 'injury losses line. Who celebrated what about the. Jones was moved to Bethesda naval medical center where our team visited him one week later. He is a shadow of the strapping marine we met in ', 'her doctor of many years. And then turning the gun on herself. Friends of the patient tell us the former scientist at NIH  Bethesda  was single and lived alone in this Vienna home. She hired my daughter them all along and she would have much on the go and ', 'herself. Friends of the patient tell us the former scientist at NIH Bethesda was single and lived alone in this Vienna home. She hired my daughter them all along and she would have much on ', "Last spring walking across central pocket can do but my that grand my client. We approached a beautiful area called the  Bethesda  fountain. It has a big stages. And He said. And I. And share. I tell my doctor and He said I don't life. He sent to ", 'that grand -- my client. We approached a beautiful area called the Bethesda fountain. It has a big -- -- stages. And He said. And I. And share. I tell my doctor and He said ', "So we're making sure reforming letters correctly it at elementary school in  Bethesda  curse of writing is still king. By the time they come to fourth grade. of all the time Carol Cooper's class practices writing ", "letters correctly it at -- -- -- -- -- elementary school in Bethesda curse of writing is still king. By the time they come to fourth grade. -- -- of all the time Carol Cooper's ", "it's out there felt a little bit. Presumptuous and even taking it but what is the nature of human nature. coming today from  Bethesda  fountain right here in the center of New York's Central Park. Where it's a little bit overcast but the sun is beginning ", "of human nature. -- -- -- -- -- -- coming today from Bethesda fountain right here in the center of New York's Central Park. Where it's a little bit overcast but the sun is beginning "]