['that the game had been responsible for making him "300kg, bald and pale," and told the game\'s developer  Blizzard Entertainment , "You\'ll hear from my lawyer!" The Associated Press contributed to this report. Click Here for the Blotter ', 'Know Your Meme ) say you\'re looking at a " Starcraft meme" - homage to the computer game first released by  Blizzard Entertainment  in 1998 and updated since. A friend at Google elaborated - if you want to call it that - by sending the following ', 'Halo helped Microsoft establish the Xbox. Now the company hopes to spread the halo effect to a more esoteric genre: strategy games. Halo Wars, out today for Xbox 360 (rated T for teens 13-up, $60; limited edition, $80), transports the hit sci-fi game franchise from a first-person shooting style to', 'So you\'re a newcomer to real-time strategy games. Our experts recommend the best of breed, all still available, especially suitable for beginners: Warcraft: Orcs and Humans (1994) Blizzard\'s monolithic franchise began in the real-time strategy genre. This first game "was actually an inspiration,"', 'Halo helped Microsoft establish the Xbox. Now the company hopes to spread the halo effect to a more esoteric genre: strategy games. Halo Wars, out today for Xbox 360 (rated T for teens 13-up, $60; limited edition, $80), transports the hit sci-fi game franchise from a first-person shooting style to', 'infecting the dozens of characters unfortunate enough to be near their points of entry. When game developer  Blizzard Entertainment  Inc. of Irvine, Calif., grasped the devastating nature of the disease, it set up voluntary quarantines ', 'said Mike Morhaime, CEO and cofounder of  Blizzard Entertainment . "Wrath of the Lich King contains some of the best tradition established by their previous releases,  Blizzard Entertainment  has again created a product that not only reflects ', '1849, the engine is a startling example of elegant design and inspired engineering. Geekiest. Combo. Ever.  Blizzard Entertainment , the company behind the massively successful online role-playing game "World of Warcraft," has announced ', 'kids want to play. For example, the subscription-based, online role-playing World of Warcraft game from  Blizzard Entertainment  carries a "T" for Teen rating from the ESRB, which generally suggests blood, use of alcohol and so on. WhatTheyPlay ', 'natural or man-made disaster. It\'s pretty cool." Ground Truth was inspired by an unlikely predecessor:  Blizzard Entertainment  Inc.\'s Warcraft III, which is a fantasy themed game of conquest. "If you look at the fact that there are ', "Well. One of the things that that they wanted out of that He was this cookbook little pieces called blizzard  Blizzard Entertainment . And blizzard makes this other very very popular now called before warcraft it's an online computer game ", "out of that He was this cookbook little pieces -- called blizzard Blizzard Entertainment . And blizzard makes this other very very popular -- now called -- before warcraft it's an online computer game. Which is just "]