['Future of Privacy Forum, a Washington-based group of Internet privacy experts. Mobile applications like Google Maps,  Angry Birds  and GasBuddy have become popular, inexpensive ways to personalize smartphones or tablets and improve their functionality ', "Sprinkle Islands (Mediocre AB) 10. Tiny Thief ( Rovio  Stars Ltd.) Top Free iPad Apps: 1. How to Cook Where's My Water? (Disney) 8. Over (Potluck) 9.  Angry Birds  Star Wars HD ( Rovio  Entertainment Ltd) 10. Despicable Me: Minion Rush ", 'Forget about  Angry Birds  and Fruit Ninja. A new mobile app aims to help green card holders apply for American citizenship. CitizenshipWorks already exists ', "series Magic Tree House series Favorite Video Game Just Dance 4 Mario Kart 7 Skylanders Giants Wii Sports Favorite App  Angry Birds  Fruit Ninja Minecraft Temple Run The Kids' Choice Awards air live at 8 p.m. on Nickelodeon.", 'music and movies, to have 70,000 apps out of the gate. RIM announced that popular apps like Facebook, Twitter,  Angry Birds , Evernote, Rdio, ESPN Scorecenter, Flixter and Cut the Rope will be in the store for consumers. Analysts were impressed ', 'new operating system. BlackBerry does have a number of the big players signed up, including Facebook, Twitter,  Rovio  ( Angry Birds ), Rdio, Skype and others, but many of the popular apps are simply not available for the BlackBerry 10 platform ', "full-fledged sound editor or sequencer. Should I try it? Ultimately, Figure may not be a tool for creating serious music, but it's a pleasing time-killer for electronic music fans who just can't stomach another round of  Angry Birds .", "version of its Mac app. Install the program and you can access Android apps right from Apple's OS X operating system -  Angry Birds , Instagram, all your favorites. But the company didn't want to just release the software. In honor of the announcement ", "Display. You just have to tolerate the ads. ( Free ) 26.  Angry Birds  Star Wars We wanted to stay away from recommending the typical cliche iPad games, but it's hard to ignore  Angry Birds , especially the new Star Wars version. Just like the ", 'Angry Birds  announces John Cohen as producer of  Angry Birds  movie in 2016. Image of the popular " Angry Birds " franchise are soaring third anniversary,  Rovio  Entertainment - the will produce the " Angry Birds " movie in 3-D ', "If you've ever played  Angry Birds , or Words With Friends, or Farmville you might have some sympathy for DiAnn Edwards of Red Lion, Pa. She plays Farmville on ", 'Handout App Name: Hooked Price: Free Available Platforms: Android What does this app do? Words with Friends,  Angry Birds , Mahjong Connect - these are just a few of the popular apps in the Google Play Store for Android devices. For game ', "the mighty here but totally different issue so. The  Angry Birds  is  Angry Birds  thing if it's crazy I mean it's it's addictive what what what advice do you have. To people playing  Angry Birds  what's the best way to succeed. I think that's ", "the mighty -- here but -- -- totally different issue so. The Angry Birds is Angry Birds thing if it's crazy I mean it's it's addictive. It's everywhere. -- it's been so are far. I'm beyond our expectations obviously ", "for Americans what what what advice do you have. To people playing Angry Birds what's the best way to succeed. I think that's you know exits one is that you have to state of course and ", "In today's tech bytes that looks like as  Angry Birds  are still a big heads the latest version the  Angry Birds  of Rio has been downloaded ten million times. In the first ten days since it launched ", "In today's tech bytes that looks like as Angry Birds are still a big heads the latest version -- the -- Angry Birds of Rio has been downloaded ten million times. In the first ten days since it launched. And -- video game review of ", "We're calling it the real-life  angry birds . Why are vultures tacki cars in strange one, guys. These real-life  angry birds  are creepy to begin with, vultures Reporter: A real-life game of  angry birds . Flocks of black vultures waiting ", "that is giving vultures a bad name. We're calling it the real-life angry birds . Why are vultures tacki cars in a famous national park. John muller has been hard on the case investigating. It is a strange one, guys. These real-life angry birds are creepy to begin with, vultures, they circle over wounded animals, they have a new item on their menu and you could be the target if you're in a car in the florida everglades. From gators to snakes, in florida's everglades you have to go in expecting some danger. The newest threat to visitors is this. We've had a huge increase in the numbers of bladed vultures coming down here. Reporter: A real-life game of angry birds . Flocks of black vultures waiting to make a feel out of your car. The patron is way when the vehicle and they ", 'game is set to launch in spring of next year the original launch in 2009 it was named a year in 2010. And finally those  Angry Birds  have gone a new FaceBook version of the game turns the cartoon figures and members of the band Green Day users will get ', 'it was named -- -- a year in 2010. And finally those Angry Birds have gone -- -- a new FaceBook version of the game turns the cartoon figures and members of the band Green Day ', "Let's start with the penguins. For a hundred years they have put the Edinburgh zoo on the map. They say that this was the first zoo in the world to exhibit funny other birds today almost 200 penguins Wobble and dark about. Delighting visitors. And he'll ever get tired of working with penguins"]