['This is a RUSH transcript from "The O\'Reilly Factor," September 3, 2009. This copy may not be in its final form and may be updated.Watch "The O\'Reilly Factor" weeknights at 8 p.m. and 11 p.m. ET!LAURA INGRAHAM, GUEST HOST: In the "Factor Follow-up" segment tonight: a victory for the good guys. "The Factor" has reported extensively on the case of a 65-year-old convicted child rapist, David Earls, who was scheduled to be released from jail in two weeks after being sentenced to one year in jail with seven months knocked off for time served for raping a 4-year-old girl. Unbelievable. Well now, after our series of investigations, the state attorney general has stepped in to bring new molestation charges against Earls. He\'s being held on $400,000 bond until a new trial. Joining us now from Tulsa, radio talk show host Pat Campbell, who has been covering this story.PAT CAMPBELL, RADIO TALK SHOW HOST: Hi, Laura.INGRAHAM: Pat, I think people across this country are breathing a bit of a sigh of r...', 'Oklahoma officials and the U.S. Chamber of Commerce have reached a settlement over state laws targeting employers who hire undocumented immigrants.The judgment signe...', 'An Oklahoma Muslim filed a federal lawsuit on Thursday to block a state constitutional amendment overwhelmingly approved by voters that would prohibit state courts f...', 'Technological advances allowed forecasters to warn of Plains tornadoes days in advance', "OKLAHOMA CITY -- U.S. Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano told survivors and victims' relatives gathered Monday for a somber ceremony to mark the 15th anniv...", 'A federal judge issued a temporary restraining order Monday to block a new amendment to the Oklahoma Constitution that would prohibit state courts from considering i...', 'A federal judge on Monday said she would rule by the end of the month on a lawsuit challenging an Oklahoma constitutional amendment that would prohibit state courts ...', 'A blustery storm spread snow and ice across the U.S. heartland Thursday as Americans rushed to get home for the holidays, grounding flights, stranding drivers on hig...', 'A storm that blanketed the South with snow Saturday had children eager to sled down hills, while grown-ups were warned to stay off slippery roads as officials worked...', 'Southeastern states were bracing Friday as snow began to fall from a storm that has already toppled Midwestern power lines, closed major highways, buried parts of th...', 'Okla. execution stayed for 3rd time after defense attorneys object to lethal injection drug', "An Oklahoma death row inmate's execution was stayed for the third time in less than three months Tuesday, after his defense attorneys objected to plans to substitute...", 'NASHVILLE, Tenn. -- A thick band of heavy snow, freezing rain and cold temperatures was spreading across southeastern states early Saturday, delivering a messy weeke...', 'Health care company Johnson & Johnson has been told to pay a teenager and her parents $63 million after she suffered a life-threatening drug reaction and lost most o...', 'Oklahoma executes George Ochoa for the 1993 shooting deaths of couple while children at home', 'An Oklahoma death row inmate was executed Tuesday for the 1993 shooting deaths of an Oklahoma City couple.George Ochoa, 38, was given an injection of lethal drugs at...']