['losing both his legs and suffered injuries to his left hand and arm. He was airlifted first to Landstuhl, Germany and later to  Bethesda  Naval Medical Center in Maryland in November 2009. Last year, improvised explosive devices killed 104 U.S. troops. Every ', "President Obama celebrated Father's Day today by attending his daughter Sasha's dance recital in North  Bethesda , Md. Obama was seen outside the Music Center at Strathmore with his arm around his daughter Malia and walking with first lady ", 'million in 2012. Dr. Bob Rothstein, an emergency physician and vice president of medical affairs at Suburban Hospital in  Bethesda , Md., said zolpidem is a safe drug. However, he added, "If it\'s used more and more by a lot of people, you\'re going ', 'Oct. 3, 2006, Robinson said he felt "down in the dumps." That changed when he arrived at Walter Reed Medical Center in  Bethesda , Md. "I looked around, and there was a good camaraderie. There was a guy who was a triple amputee, a guy who was a quad ', 'McCarthy played a major role in the U.S. "Red Scare" anti communist movement that followed World War II. He died in  Bethesda , Md., and was buried in his home state of Wisconsin. McCarthy was also known for possessing an aggressive political style ', 'Marshall Plaut, MD, chief of the allergic mechanisms section of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Disease in  Bethesda , MD. Natural Alternatives To Top 10 Prescribed Drugs If you have glaucoma, or prostate, breathing, or other health problems ', 'and the Bronze Star for his service. While Trost was receiving treatment for his injuries at Walter Reed Medical Center in  Bethesda , Md., last fall, he applied for a Segway through Seg4Vets, an organization that helps veterans with disabilities. Based ', 'MacBain, raised a conservative Southern Baptist, came out as an atheist at last year\'s American Atheists\' convention in  Bethesda , Md. "My name is Teresa," she began, according to an NPR report. "I\'m a pastor currently serving a Methodist church ', 'Day Off of School for Classmates in Free-Throw Contest First-grader Blake Harper is probably the most popular kid in his  Bethesda , Md., school right now, thanks to one amazing free-throw. The Friday before the Super Bowl his school held a free-throw ', 'mg per day had a 20 percent higher risk of dying from cardiovascular disease, Qian Xiao of the National Cancer Institute in  Bethesda , Md., and colleagues reported in JAMA Internal Medicine. Read this story on www.medpagetoday.com . Early studies suggested ', 'force of over 200,000 [and] are serving in a growing number of critical roles on and off the battlefield. "I\'ve gone to  Bethesda  to visit wounded warriors, and I\'ve gone to Arlington to bury our dead. There\'s no distincton." Panetta and Dempsey ', 'safety concerns." Chaired by Ada Sue Hinshaw, RN, PhD, of the Uniformed Services University of the Health Sciences in  Bethesda , Md., the committee -- which included experts in pediatrics, neurology, medical ethics, immunology, statistics, epidemiology ', 'houses: 1. North Miami Beach, Fla. 2. La Jolla, Calif. 3. Santa Monica, Calif. 4. Newport Beach, Calif. 5. Dana Point, Calif. 6. Miami Beach, Fla. 7. New York, N.Y. 8. Rancho Palos Verdes, Calif. 9.  Bethesda , Md.', "I dreamed about going back to. There's a lot I wanted to get back and thank everybody there and I wanted more than anything for them to see. So well because they never really can't see my to find every single textbook written and you should you have no business speaking. And if you've been", "natural for one summer at that learn how to swim because like riding a bike he never forget did. He hasn't forgotten he's training for the next Olympics. Hoping some of these kids will follow his lead David ABC news  Bethesda  Maryland", "I'm always reminded when I mean our men and women in uniform. Whether there in the war theater here back home Walter Reed.  Bethesda . I'm reminded all spokesman onto it to be honored. They don't do it to be celebrated. They do it because they love their ", "Whether there in the war theater here back home -- Walter Reed. Bethesda . I'm reminded all -- spokesman onto it to be honored. They don't do it to be celebrated. They do it because they ", "does go on. Three years into the war Jeff land there was struck by IED unconscious for 32 days measure and and then when the  Bethesda  naval hospital I can't. He can't remember anything from that interview but today he owns a new house and is back in college ", "IED unconscious for 32 days measure and -- and then when the Bethesda naval hospital I can't. -- He can't remember anything from that interview but today he owns a new house and is back ", "in world. Anyway. Sargent glass is of more than 2000 servicemen injured in Iraq Iran Afghanistan and has been treated at  Bethesda  naval hospital. Since April 2003. Most impatient that we even brain injuries that aren't in there really colony's postal ", "2000 servicemen injured in Iraq Iran Afghanistan and has been treated at Bethesda naval hospital. Since April 2003. Most impatient that we even brain injuries that aren't in there really colony's postal -- added. High ", "followed cheat. He's the director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases and he's joining me from  Bethesda  Maryland. you know I've come across dengue fever in the field. It's often my experience but knowledge you worried that ", "National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases and he's joining me from Bethesda Maryland. -- -- -- you know I've come across dengue fever in the field. It's often -- my experience but knowledge you "]