["late June Microsoft sold eight million connects his first two months on the market. That today's video game review marvel vs  cap com  three it's a classic fighting game comic book heroes against a video game characters. Cnet's Dan Ackerman says it has great ", "two months on the market. That today's video game review marvel vs cap com three it's a classic fighting game -- comic book heroes against a video game characters. Cnet's Dan Ackerman says it has great ", "let's listen again now because turn because they're about to come to a full stop. And they'll talk to Charlie all of the  cap com  back in Houston. And conductor at that time we'll steps. Discovery using up into a great job by you and your crew definitely ", "a full stop. And they'll talk to Charlie -- all of the cap com back in Houston. And conductor at that time we'll steps. Discovery using up into a great job by you and your crew ", "yeah. now revving up standing by for the throttle up call. Man I didn't go and router no action dvd okay. That call from  cap com  there you'll transducer and instrumentation only no action required. The planners now fifteen miles and altitude already ", "no action dvd okay. -- -- -- -- -- That call from cap com there you'll -- transducer and instrumentation only no action required. The planners now fifteen miles and altitude already sixteen miles down range ", "control those are a deep sea robots that monitor all the activity 5000 feet down. Of course a major concern is that stacking  cap com  eighty tons. This its size of a school bus and right now officials believe it can hold George. That's what we all hopeful ", "activity 5000 feet down. Of course a major concern is that stacking cap com eighty tons. This -- its size of a school bus and right now officials believe it can hold George. That's what we ", 'down range it. And fifty seconds into the flight. The engines beginning to throttle back up standing by for that call from  Capcom  Jim Dutton. And let us go at and of created a total. The throttle up call acknowledged by commander Steve joined on the flight ', 'engines beginning to throttle back up standing by for that call from Capcom Jim Dutton. And let us go at -- and of -- created a total. The throttle up call acknowledged by commander Steve ', "gets rebuilt as quickly as possible to an end. Secretary Peters is in Minneapolis. As well as a federal highway administrator  Capcom . I spoke to governor plant today. And mayor arrived back. this morning. I've told them that the secretary would be there ", "Secretary Peters is in Minneapolis. As well as a federal highway administrator Capcom . I spoke to governor plant today. And mayor arrived back. -- this morning. I've told them that the secretary would be there. "]