['31. The hero will face "even bigger threats, things that threaten to bring down Gotham City and shatter all of the  DC universe ," says writer Scott Snyder (American Vampire). Much has happened to Batman in the last two years in the comics ', 'Apple has announced an impressive milestone: 10 billion apps have been downloaded from its iTunes store. A British woman downloaded the free game Paper Glider to hit the magic number, winning a $10,000 iTunes gift card. When Apple called to alert her she hung up thinking it was a telemarketer.', "waiting for something more up-to-date. Consumer Reports also gave the AT&T iPhone 4 poor reviews. Superhero Dreams  DC Universe  Online is now in stores. It lets one or more players enter the world of Batman and Superman. CNET's Dan Ackerman ", "Blu-ray to boot and exclusives like God of War III, Gran Turismo 5, Heavy Rain, inFamous, MAG, Uncharted 2, and  DC Universe  Online tip your hand? Matt Peckham thinks it's all about sharing the love. You can share some too at twitter.com ", 'went totally outside of the box for "Mortal Kombat vs.  DC Universe " (MKvsDC), bringing the world of Mortal Kombat and Superman. (My money\'s on Superman.) Mortal Kombat vs.  DC Universe  is available for the Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3 video ', 'competition Arsenault expects to see many more MMOs based on familiar properties. Games already in the works include  DC Universe  Online, which features Batman, Superman, Wonder Woman and The Flash; Star Trek Online, based on the popular television ', "watch for. 'Mortal Kombat vs.  DC Universe ' Consider it a battle between two PlayStation 3, Mortal Kombat vs.  DC Universe  is a fighting game that features Dark Knight, JLA Classified). ' DC Universe  Online' Unveiled at the recent ", "all major platforms), Ubisoft's new Prince of Persia (Xbox 360, PS3 and PC) and Midway's Mortal Kombat vs.  DC Universe  fighting game (Xbox 360, PS3). Shooters Sony kicked off its news conference with a jaw-dropping live demo ", 'So Lee was a natural to oversee  DC Universe  Online. "He speaks both languages to USA TODAY. Q: How will the  DC Universe  Online game fit into the DC Comics The game is based on the prime  DC universe  but not necessarily at the exact ', "other heroes OK just asleep at the center of this new  DC universe  or via a pay everything kind of spokes off from there that's it right and it's an entry point into the entire  DC universe . Well all right and yet as you on me earlier the last ", 'these other heroes OK just asleep at the center of this new DC universe or via a pay everything kind of spokes off from there yet. All right. We we -- work is you know one ', "and that's it right and it's an entry point into the entire DC universe . Well all right and yet as you -- -- on me earlier the last comic Everett was Archie the through if any ", "DC hasn't MM massively multiplayer online game. Where you can play at the C kind of make your own superhero in the  DC universe . I think that's got a lot of representation here and see what people dressed up as characters and the rallies the ", "the C -- -- kind of make your own superhero in the DC universe . I think that's got a lot of representation here and see what people dressed up as characters and -- the rallies the ", "something more up to date consumer reports also gave the AT&T iPhone four. Poor reviews. If you wanna be a superhero  DC universe  online is now in stores one or more players enter the world of Batman Superman and. Other superheroes cnet's tried ", "the AT&T iPhone four. Poor reviews. If you wanna be a superhero DC universe online is now in stores -- one or more players enter the world of Batman Superman and. Other superheroes cnet's -- -- "]