['OKLAHOMA CITY -- The Oklahoma House voted overwhelmingly Monday to override vetoes of two restrictive abortion measures Gov. Brad Henry has called unconstitutional i...', 'OKLAHOMA CITY -- Voter turnout was light early Tuesday after polls opened for the Oklahoma primary election in which several political heavyweights are fighting to r...', 'A blustery storm spread snow and ice across the U.S. heartland Thursday as Americans rushed to get home for the holidays, grounding flights, stranding drivers on hig...', "OKLAHOMA CITY -- U.S. Rep. Mary Fallin has made history in Oklahoma, where voters elected the Republican to become the state's first female governor.Fallin leveraged...", "President Obama handpicked a team of 10 governors last January to assist the federal government in strengthening the nation's homeland security . But when the bipart...", 'OKLAHOMA CITY -- One broke the gender barrier in Oklahoma politics, holding a statewide seat for a dozen years before winning two terms in Congress. The other succee...', "Oklahoma Abortion Bill to Become Law Following Senate Override of Governor's Veto", "OKLAHOMA CITY -- The Oklahoma Senate voted Tuesday to override Gov. Brad Henry's veto of two abortion measures, including one that an abortion-rights group has said ...", 'NASHVILLE, Tenn. -- A thick band of heavy snow, freezing rain and cold temperatures was spreading across southeastern states early Saturday, delivering a messy weeke...', "Jeff Green scored 22 points, Kevin Durant added 21 and the Oklahoma City Thunder spoiled Blake Griffin's return to his hometown by beating the Los Angeles Clippers 1...", 'Nasir Ahmad Ahmadi was hired to work as an interpreter alongside American troops in Afghanistan. But soldiers were alarmed by his strange behavior, his inability to ...', "TOPEKA, Kan.-Kansas House members voted Monday to override Democratic Gov. Mark Parkinson's veto of a late-term abortion bill.The 86-35 vote sends the bill to the Se...", "Okla. lawmakers push constitutional limits on taxpayers' dime, despite state's shaky finances", 'Okla. lawmakers fail to override veto of bill shielding state-made guns from fed. regulation']