["ways to stay active. And a recent study in the journal Pediatrics found that kids (aged 10-13) who played  Dance Dance Revolution  had an exercise session that was comparable to walking at a moderate-intensity pace. *** More from Men's Health ", "Virginia have taken the lead in bringing ' DDR ' -- that's ' Dance ,  Dance Revolution ' -- it's a new video game that gets kids And let me tell you, I can attest to ' Dance ,  Dance Revolution .' We got it at Camp David, and it will ", "Nintendo's Wii Sports boxing or  Dance Dance Revolution , they get the same amount activities: watching TV, doing  Dance Dance Revolution  ( DDR ) at the second level, playing playing Wii boxing, doing  DDR  at Level 2 and walking 2.6 ", 'that points a camera at the user to track movements and provide instant feedback. He also likes tween favorite  Dance Dance Revolution  (for various game systems), which is not marketed as an exercise game but fits the bill. And he directs parents ', 'inventive because of the embedded minigames. The three learn-to-play guitar minigames combine the popular  Dance Dance Revolution  ( DDR ) genre with the rhythm mechanics of games like Elite Beat Agents to produce unique play. For example, to ', 'at-home, supplemental training. Fast-forward more than a decade when  Dance Dance Revolution  began making its way around the world after its 1998 release in Japan. " DDR  is awesome," Wake Forest University senior and avid dancer Andrew Wall ', 'short-shorts sale. OK, this isn\'t exactly a new phenomenon. We\'ve seen dancing diversions such as Konami\'s  Dance Dance Revolution  games for many years now, but the "exer-gaming" trend really took off with Nintendo\'s Wii Fit ($89 ', 'If your children haven\'t yet experienced this type of puzzle, they will be intrigued. Think of it as  DDR  (" Dance Dance Revolution ") for the Nintendo DS. But eventually the novelty wears off as you play to better your score and unlock ', 'Xbox 360, game developers are noticing. The results are evident in a slew of new Wii titles on the way, from  Dance Dance Revolution :Hottest Party (Konami, fall), incorporating the remote and nunchuk controllers in dance moves, to more ', "there's still hope for you, in the form of  Dance Dance Revolution , or  DDR . What started out as a Japanese arcade game 16 calories per song while playing the latest  Dance Dance Revolution  game, the makers say. So a person could burn ", "the week. Happy Birthday  DDR  We don't want to make you feel too old but  Dance Dance Revolution , the originator of the First launched in 1998,  DDR  has gone from that weird There are now several  DDR  records in the Guinness ", "what this what has hit written all over. Right if you like so you think you can get. Dancing With The Stars  Dance Dance Revolution  America's best dance America's top dancers dancing in the the USA and American Idol. judge Update that door ", "you like so you think you can get. Dancing With The Stars Dance Dance Revolution America's best dance -- America's top dancers dancing in the the USA and American Idol. -- judge -- Update that door that ", "I'm home use with a click of a mouse parents may even certain to lose. My tedious exercise snow yesterday.  Dance Dance Revolution  the popular heart video game is being used in over 15100. Schools in thirteen states. As a regular part of their ", 'even -- certain to lose. My tedious exercise -- -- snow yesterday. Dance Dance Revolution the popular heart -- video game is being used in over 15100. Schools in thirteen states. As a regular part of their ', 'walkers. There was also a game called dance dance in Which had fired and saying it was based on the arcade game  Dance Dance Revolution . The participants were fire suits and there was flames if they danced well it shot up into the air if they do ', 'Which had fired and saying it was based on the arcade game Dance Dance Revolution The participants were fire suits and there was -- flames -- if they danced well it shot up into the air if ']