['system. "Wii Sports" was big on simplicity, utilizing just a few buttons and bit of stick waving, making it the ultimate  casual gaming  experience. Today\'s Wii U\'s launch is complimented by "Nintendo Land," a world that contains 12 mini-games in one ', 'Run. "Out of our biggest failure we created our biggest success," Luckyanova says. Temple Run is easy to use for the  casual gamer . Players use simple controls to navigate a treasure-stealing character through an Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom-like ', "with Friends: This Scrabble-like game lets you challenge your friends to vocabulary supremacy. It's the epitome of  casual gaming  that is perfect for the line. When you play your turn, your opponent gets a ping that they can play a word, which they ", "fetch games in Android Market, though only a fraction take advantage of the PlayStation game controls. I'm generally a  casual gamer  who has gotten accustomed to accelerometer-driven games on the iPhone. Manipulating the PlayStation controls on various ", 'The holidays are always cause for celebration, but especially so for video game fans , as software manufacturers wrestle to cram shelves full of increasingly huge and jaw-dropping titles. But even as game sizes and budgets continue to balloon , for many shoppers, spare time and disposable income', 'to serve an audience not only of kids, but also teens, young adults and families. Addicting Games is the number-one  casual gaming  site on the web, and is linked to Nick.com because it is part of our brand. There is a notification on Nick.com to ', "Games One of the most popular games on Facebook is branching out. The smash hit Farmville is now featured on Microsoft's  casual gaming  site MSN Games . The game's creator is hoping to expand its audience beyond the more than 75 million people that already ", 'which reportedly sold much better on consoles than the PC. And then there\'s Molyneux arguing that even innovations in  casual gaming  have become a skipping record, saying "They\'re doing the same game over and over again with a different wrapper ', "with one this week and it is going to be a hit with the kids. It is aimed at the same niche that the Wii is, the more  casual gamer  who doesn't need all the power of a PSP and just wants to have a little fun on the school bus or subway.", "1.99). I also like Glu Mobile's recent release of a 3D marble puzzle called Bonsai Blast ($3.99). But as a  casual gamer , I gravitate to titles such as Brain Toot (99 cents), which serves up vision, memory and other mind exercises. In ", "1.99). I also like Glu Mobile's recent release of a 3D marble puzzle called Bonsai Blast ($3.99). But as a  casual gamer , I gravitate to titles such as Brain Toot (99 cents), which serves up vision, memory and other mind exercises. In ", "One of the most popular games on FaceBook is branching out the smash hit farm bill is now featured on MS and Microsoft's  casual gaming  site. The game's is hoping to expand its audience beyond more than 75 million people that late bill on FaceBook every ", "smash hit farm bill is now featured on MS and -- Microsoft's casual gaming site. The game's -- is hoping to expand its audience beyond more than 75 million people that -- late -- bill on "]