['Entertainment America In the  God of War  games, you play as to Zeus, so as " God of War :  Ascension " hits shelves this After completing " God of War III " in 2010, I came frustrating hour from " God of War :  Ascension ." The game is available ', 'Link, while the weapon modifications of Uprising are similar to the ship part combinations of "Phantom Hourglass." \' God of War \' With its loose Greek themes, "Kid Icarus" plays like "Kid of War" as you burn through a pantheon of gods and goddesses ', 'isn\'t forgiving when asking you to quickly press Y to save your life. Players are often given less reaction time than most " God of War " games require. Sonic is less about solving puzzles as it is making split-second decisions that can mean life or death ', 'traditional (a.k.a. "hardcore") video games such as sci-fi role-player Mass Effect 2 and gory Greek tragedy  God of War III  were among the year\'s best. With developers increasingly returning to themes like horror, sci-fi and fantasy ', 'their potential to wipe out bookstores and publishers. \' God of War 3 \' Review One of the most highly-anticipated games for the PlayStation 3 is being released today. "  God of War 3  " is an action-adventure game with lots of violence ', 'promote your poor excuse of a product, maybe you ought to work on making this game, you know, something better than a blatant  God of War  rip-off and make it, ya know, something worthwhile?" But marketing stunts aside, the game has also attracted some negative ', "one of Da Vinci's inventions.  God of War 3  (Sony Computer Entertainment America third and final game in the coveted  God of War  trilogy was one of the most fun year's E3. Due out in March 2010,  God of War 3  is a beautiful yet brutal mythological ", 'Why have an ordinary computer? desktop when you can dress it up with this exclusive E3 wallpaper?', 'him in the upcoming video game  God of War III , due this fall. In the final 7 million units. The original  God of War  earned Game of the Year in 2006 Official PlayStation Magazine.  God of War III  "is the standard-bearer of the ', 'Sony\'s highly anticipated  God of War III , the latest installment of the Zeus, what a philanderer). In  God of War  II, Zeus kills Kratos. Kratos in the past. "That\'s where  God of War III  kicks off. Kratos is bringing ', "concern about releasing. One of the most highly anticipated games for the PlayStation 3 is being released today  god of war three  is an action adventure game with lots of violence. Cnet's Dan Ackerman says some people the PS3 just to play it ", "most highly anticipated games for the PlayStation 3 is being released today god of war three is an action adventure game with lots of violence. Cnet's Dan Ackerman says some people -- the PS3 just to play it. ", "capabilities well. That is true and it's it has a lot of exclusive games that you won't find in the other console like you know  god of war  are granted very popular games like that okay any other big box. Items from a look at some that is the Nintendo which obviously ", "games that you won't find in the other console like you know god of war are granted -- -- -- very popular games like that okay any other big box. Items -- from a look at some ", "leadership. No. I know that we can steer ourselves out of this crisis because that's who we are. they took them. But let's  god of war  and approach. Great challenges and Greg drugs. And each and every moment. We have risen to meet these challenges not Democrats ", "because that's who we are. -- they took them. But let's -- god of war and approach. Great challenges and Greg drugs. And -- each and every moment. We have risen to meet these challenges not -- ", 'a religious pilgrimage people traveled to the sacred mud pools of planned to nor. All part of paying homage to the voodoo  god of war  This devotee is biting the of this goat. Voodoo is a mix of African religions and catholicism created in Haiti by African ', 'of planned to nor. All part of paying homage to the voodoo god of war -- -- This devotee is biting the -- of this goat. Voodoo is a mix of African religions and catholicism created in ', 'a religious pilgrimage people traveled to the sacred mud pools of planned to nor. All part of paying homage to the voodoo  god of war  grew. This is biting the of this goat. Voodoo is a mix of African religions and catholicism created in Haiti by African slaves ', 'of planned to nor. All part of paying homage to the voodoo god of war -- grew. This -- is biting the -- of this goat. Voodoo is a mix of African religions and catholicism created in ', "and from the are so this is this special. after he put it. And the bend but don't the people bore in the machinery the  god of war  and on the average kissed. Kids just the idea of the very huge accomplishment of that I I could elect yet but it's easy ", "the bend but don't the people bore -- in the machinery the god of war and -- on the average kissed. Kids just the idea of the very huge accomplishment of that I -- I could elect "]