["capabilities well. That is true and it's it has a lot of exclusive games that you won't find in the other console like you know  god of war  are granted very popular games like that okay any other big box. Items from a look at some that is the Nintendo which obviously ", "games that you won't find in the other console like you know god of war are granted -- -- -- very popular games like that okay any other big box. Items -- from a look at some ", "leadership. No. I know that we can steer ourselves out of this crisis because that's who we are. they took them. But let's  god of war  and approach. Great challenges and Greg drugs. And each and every moment. We have risen to meet these challenges not Democrats ", "because that's who we are. -- they took them. But let's -- god of war and approach. Great challenges and Greg drugs. And -- each and every moment. We have risen to meet these challenges not -- ", 'a religious pilgrimage people traveled to the sacred mud pools of planned to nor. All part of paying homage to the voodoo  god of war  This devotee is biting the of this goat. Voodoo is a mix of African religions and catholicism created in Haiti by African ', 'of planned to nor. All part of paying homage to the voodoo god of war -- -- This devotee is biting the -- of this goat. Voodoo is a mix of African religions and catholicism created in ', 'a religious pilgrimage people traveled to the sacred mud pools of planned to nor. All part of paying homage to the voodoo  god of war  grew. This is biting the of this goat. Voodoo is a mix of African religions and catholicism created in Haiti by African slaves ', 'of planned to nor. All part of paying homage to the voodoo god of war -- grew. This -- is biting the -- of this goat. Voodoo is a mix of African religions and catholicism created in ', "and from the are so this is this special. after he put it. And the bend but don't the people bore in the machinery the  god of war  and on the average kissed. Kids just the idea of the very huge accomplishment of that I I could elect yet but it's easy ", "the bend but don't the people bore -- in the machinery the god of war and -- on the average kissed. Kids just the idea of the very huge accomplishment of that I -- I could elect "]