["because it stands in contrast to those popular games which encourage users to evade and kill authority figures (Take,  Grand Theft Auto , for example.) Instead, in Pope's game, the user plays an ordinary person who must make difficult decisions ", 'because of the extensive state charges, according to ABC News affiliate WFTS-TV . Joshua Hakken was also charged with  grand theft auto , false imprisonment, battery and burglary. Their sons, Cole 4, and Chase, 2, were returned to the custody of ', 'interference with child custody and neglect charges. In addition to those state charges, Joshua Hakken is facing  grand theft auto , false imprisonment, battery and burglary. Hakken is also facing a federal charge of for unlawful flight to avoid ', "Massacre Suspect Nehemiah Griego's Family: Teen Was 'Bright, Curious,' but 'Troubled'", 'for violent video games during the interrogation, Houston said. He told police he loved to play Modern Warfare and  Grand Theft Auto . "The suspect was involved heavily in games, violent games, it\'s what he was into," Houston said. "He was ', 'for violent video games during the interrogation, Houston said. He told police he loved to play Modern Warfare and  Grand Theft Auto . The suspect was involved heavily in games, violent games, it\'s what he was into," Houston said. "He was ', 'stows violence against its own people, through vicious, violent video games with names like \'Bullet Storm,\' \' Grand Theft Auto ,\' \'Mortal Combat,\' and \'Splatterhouse,\' " LaPierre said at a press conference on Dec. 21. The app was released ', 'the media. He named a little-known computer game called "Kindergarten Killers" and more popular titles like " Grand Theft Auto " and "Mortal Kombat" as well as older movies like "Natural Born Killers" and "American Psycho" as examples ', 'consequences. Letting kids know that their actions have consequences," Dr. Davies told ABCnews.com. "Video games like  Grand Theft Auto  turn the consequences into positives. You kill a prostitute and get points, you\'re rewarded." In contrast to ', 'turned to worry during the 20 minute ride around town. "Oh my God dog, what if we go to jail for this?! This is  grand theft auto  dog! We got to bounce if the cops [come,] I\'m [expletive] hopping the [expletive] out and running for my ', 'explore Arkham City. Think of it as being like the " Grand Theft Auto " series, only this time you get to play the good guy. And just as in " Grand Theft Auto ," there\'s a main storyline and mission you can ', 'Studies have persuasively demonstrated that depictions of extreme violence in video games like "Mortal Kombat" and " Grand Theft Auto : Vice City" harm youngsters\' mental health, according to pediatricians who disagreed with part of a U.S. Supreme ', 'maiming, dismembering or sexually assaulting an image of a human being" to children. They included games such as  Grand Theft Auto : Vice City, Postal 2, Duke Nukem 3D, and Mortal Kombat. The California law was passed in 2005, but legal challenges ', "FaceBook. of the popular video game series we'll have to wait a little longer for the next installment the release of  Grand Theft Auto  five has been. Pushed back to later this year this publisher simply wants a little more time in order to polish parts ", 'to wait a little longer for the next installment the release of Grand Theft Auto five has been. Pushed back to later this year this publisher simply wants a little more time in order to polish parts ', "Also among Google's top rising search terms today as  Grand Theft Auto  IV. Which in case you didn't know with the latest mode as Powell is one of the biggest things to hit  Grand Theft Auto  IV. In the series history can play up the sixteen ", "Also among Google's top rising search terms today as Grand Theft Auto IV. Which in case you didn't know with the latest installment of an incredibly successful and controversial video game franchise. The game ", 'multiplayer mode as Powell is one of the biggest things to hit Grand Theft Auto IV. In the series history can play up the sixteen different players online and personally speaking at some of the crazy stuff ', "controversial. We'll have a review of  Grand Theft Auto  IV. But we Begin with the person top rising search terms today  Grand Theft Auto  IV. Which in case you didn't of the biggest things that hit  Grand Theft Auto  IV. In the series history can ", "all time and perhaps the most controversial. We'll have a review of Grand Theft Auto IV. But we Begin with the person who may be a bigger problem for senator Obama's campaign than even Hillary Clinton. As ", "of ABC news. Also among Google's top rising search terms today -- Grand Theft Auto IV. Which in case you didn't know with the latest installment of an incredibly successful and controversial video game franchise. The game ", "We'll multiplayer mode as -- one of the biggest things that hit Grand Theft Auto IV. In the series history can play up the sixteen different players online and personally speaking at some of the crazy stuff ", 'popular and controversial video games parents beware  Grand Theft Auto  IV hits shelves on April 20 ninth. The games are very with carjackings shoot outs and other bad behavior.  Grand Theft Auto  will be available for the Xbox-360. And PlayStation ', 'of one of the most popular and controversial video games parents beware Grand Theft Auto IV hits shelves on April 20 ninth. The games are very violent and had sexually explicit content. The goal is to work your way up the criminal underworld with carjackings shoot outs and other bad behavior. Grand Theft Auto will be available for the Xbox-360. And PlayStation 3 and is already available for pre order on Amazon. A new type of ', 'of the year highly controversial and highly popular  Grand Theft Auto  IV. Took home the big award at the spike video game also won the award for best action adventure game.  Grand Theft Auto  beat out all out three Metal Gear Solid 4 and gears ', 'sites that video game of the year highly controversial and highly popular Grand Theft Auto IV. Took home the big award at the spike video game awards last night. It also won the award for best action adventure game. Grand Theft Auto beat out all out three Metal Gear Solid 4 and gears of war two. The annual New York boat show is under ', "follows the adventures of a police officer trying to track down bad guys. Game dot com's goad says it's like  Grand Theft Auto  kids. There really is let this game is that you know except without the violence and without all the bad seven strip ", "track down bad guys. Game dot com's -- goad says it's like Grand Theft Auto -- kids. There really is let this game is that you know except without the violence and without all the bad seven "]