['Tough World" by Bill O\'Reilly (Crown-Archetype) 13. "Killing Kennedy" by Bill O\'Reilly (Henry Holt) 14. "The  Legend of Zelda " by Shigeru Miyamoto (Dark Horse Comics) 15. "Jesus Today" by Sarah Young (Thomas Nelson) MASS MARKET PAPERBACKS ', '13. "The FastDiet" by Michael Mosley (Atria) 14. "Killing Kennedy" by Bill O\'Reilly (Henry Holt) 15. "The  Legend of Zelda " by Shigeru Miyamoto (Dark Horse Comics) MASS MARKET PAPERBACKS 1. "Friends Forever: A Novel" by Danielle Steel and ', 'last year\'s E3. "Nintendo Direct" live-streams over the first half of 2013 announced an exclusive Sonic game, a " Legend of Zelda : The Windwaker" remake, and many "Pikmin 3" delays. May 17th\'s Nintendo Direct ended with Nintendo of America president ', 'renowned Japanese creator of "Super Mario Bros." and "The  Legend of Zelda ," while he was in New York to promote "Luigi\'s Mansion thinking back, probably "Super Mario 64" and the original " Legend of Zelda : Ocarina of Time." That era was the first time we were ', 'is fast paced as you destroy targets, collect items and even battle a few bosses. The game is so good, it makes "The  Legend of Zelda : Battle Quest" look bad. The Zelda game requires a Wii-motion plus accessory for every additional player and is an ', 'shoot-em-up levels are long, plentiful and replayable, but they only account for about a third of the game. \'The  Legend of Zelda \' The original "Kid Icarus" had "Zelda" elements like dungeons and hot springs, and these return in "Uprising ', 'up with sports mini-games. Lots of them. With " The  Legend of Zelda : Skyward Sword ," Nintendo has finally gotten it right palette is brighter and cheerier than "Ocarina" or " Twilight Princess ." When you are playing, you hardly notice these things ', 'high-definition competition PS3 and Xbox 360, which are about to turn 4 and 5, respectively. Wii\'s biggest fall release, The  Legend of Zelda : Skyward Sword (no release date, rating pending) "may not sell as well as it should," says Geoff Keighley, host ', 'and third time with remastered editions and extras. Video games are getting more into the act, too. Just released: The  Legend of Zelda : Ocarina of Time 3D, a new edition of the 1998 Nintendo 64 classic, remastered in 3-D for the 3DS handheld system ', 'their spending as the economy cooled. \' Legend of Zelda :  Twilight Princess \' Sales of Wii consoles are also way down re-released for it. One of them is the " Legend of Zelda :  Twilight Princess ," which Parenting.com\'s Rachel Fishman ', 'Gears of War 3, due this fall for Xbox 360, has female squad member characters and a five-player multiplayer mode. The  Legend of Zelda : Skyward Sword, due later this year for Wii, heightens the sword-wielding action. Other major threads in 2011 titles ', "available of PCs and Macs a mobile version is in the works. And one of Nintendo's most popular games is going three deal  legend of Zelda  is being made for its 3-D S portable console into separate to hit stores at the end of mangoes tech I'm Diana perhaps ", "works. And one of Nintendo's most popular games is going three deal legend of Zelda is being made for its 3-D S portable console into separate -- to hit stores at the end of mangoes -- tech ", "are also weighed down this year but for classic Nintendo games are being re released 41 of them is the  legend of Zelda twilight princess . Which parenting dot ritual freshman fat person says should appeal to teens and their parents. It's ", "classic Nintendo games are being re released 41 of them is the legend of Zelda twilight princess Which parenting dot -- ritual freshman fat person says should appeal to teens and their parents. It's possible that parents played an ", 'she simultaneously. This also the 25 anniversary of the  legend of Zelda  franchise. Nintendo has been celebrating the release of sure adventures for the in late November Nintendo released  legend of Zelda  skyward sword. Game looking to please die fans and newcomers ', "-- she -- simultaneously. This -- also the 25 anniversary of the legend of Zelda franchise. Nintendo has been celebrating the release of -- from -- -- time for the three BS. That's for sure adventures for the -- in late November Nintendo released legend of Zelda skyward sword. Game looking to please die -- fans and newcomers alike. They have served as great as -- and -- -- ", "3-D photos intend to says there'll be more than thirty games available for the 3-D S by early June. Including the  legend of Zelda  and Madden NFL football. Smartphones and other mobile devices become more popular they may also become a bigger target ", 'thirty games available for the 3-D S by early June. Including the legend of Zelda and Madden NFL football. -- Smartphones and other mobile devices become more popular they may also become a bigger target for hackers. ', "that it it doesn't look like anything that our competitors. Now we also have the beautiful. Distinctive. Games as well  legend of Zelda  that looks fantastic. We also have games like what you play them differently. Imagine playing a Madden football game where ", 'competitors. Now we also have the -- beautiful. Distinctive. Games as well legend of Zelda that looks fantastic. We also have games like -- what you play them differently. Imagine playing a Madden football game where the ']