['climbing trees with her brother Chase while growing up gave Ryan a love of adventure and a desire to do action films like " Lara Croft : Tomb Raider" or "Colombiana." But at the end of the day, Ryan said, she loves making people laugh and any episode ', 'give up the acting as the kids hit the teenage years, anyway, too much to manage at home." It\'s not the first time  Lara Croft  has threatened to ditch her guns -- in 2010, Jolie told Vanity Fair she probably wouldn\'t be in business for much ', "Billy Bob Thornton Says He 'Blew' His Marriage to Angelina Jolie Because He Was 'Too Insecure'", 'Girl, Interrupted" - but Jolie had started to rise to mega-stardom for her portrayal of video game heroine  Lara Croft  in " Lara Croft : Tomb Raider" (2001). "When you\'re in a relationship, any two celebrities or whatever, you know, I ', 'Ask your friends what they think of when you mention Egypt and they\'ll probably say " the pyramids ," or " King Tut ," or perhaps " Cleopatra ." Egypt\'s great historical treasures -- the artifacts of its early civilization -- are caught in the crossfire as demonstrators challenge the government of', 'Angelina Jolie vs. Megan Fox The Role: Tomb Raider\'s  Lara Croft  is wealthy, butt-kicking, intelligent, and gorgeous Lin wants to do an origin story and show "a younger  Lara Croft ." The Candidates: Angelina Jolie just turned 34 last ', 'travel Dollhouse star Eliza Dushku aims to be the next  Lara Croft  in a new action game called WET (for "wet work In my mind, she\'s really like a working-class  Lara Croft . And I love the scope of it. It plays out in Arizona ', 'Did you know you could see  Lara Croft  in the buff in Eidos\'s Tomb Raider games? That renaming Final Fantasy VII\'s Aeris "Slut" would make her purr like a fille ', 'He was a low-profile working actor until "Bond" came along, a dependable performer in big-budget movies such as  Lara Croft : Tomb Raider and more serious fare such as Steven Spielberg\'s "Munich." 007 made him a household name, but ', 'Looking to join the A-list of video-game stars such as Mario and  Lara Croft  is ... Sackboy? At first glance, the burlap-skinned mascot of the anticipated new Sony PlayStation 3 game LittleBigPlanet ', 'Looking to join the A-list of video-game stars such as Mario and  Lara Croft  is ... Sackboy? At first glance, the burlap-skinned mascot of the anticipated new Sony PlayStation 3 game LittleBigPlanet ', "of its number one issues available online downloads are free until Tuesday. The new Tomb Raider video game features  Lara Croft  as a younger woman but. That's not the only change from previous editions Dan Ackerman says it's clear this game ", "downloads are free until Tuesday. The new Tomb Raider video game features Lara Croft as a younger woman but. That's not the only change from previous editions -- Dan Ackerman says it's clear this game was ", 'Vargas Ellen Barkin Gayle King Lee Woodruff. And Cynthia McFadden. She was our perfectly dressed action hero think  Lara Croft  and a blue cardigan. A detective with nerves of steel well groomed hair and named best Georgian yeah. was. The first ', 'Woodruff. And Cynthia McFadden. She was our perfectly dressed action hero think Lara Croft and a blue cardigan. A detective with nerves of steel well groomed hair and -- named best Georgian yeah. -- was. The ']