["Get out and a movie for the weekend. Weekend war with all the coordination that's some time now for  insomniac  theater to movies were very different ends of the spectrum for simple start with the purge takes place in the near future when ", "war with all the -- coordination that's -- some time now for insomniac theater to movies were very different ends of the spectrum for simple start with the purge takes place in the near future ", 'I welcome back time for trip inside  insomniac  kitchen this morning to it. Hidden gem of upper Manhattan dinosaur barbecue founder and owner John stage makes us a sandwich and ', 'I welcome back time for trip inside insomniac kitchen this morning -- -- to it. Hidden gem of upper Manhattan dinosaur barbecue founder and owner John stage makes us a ', 'It is time for  insomniac  rise of the planet of the apes was king of the box office. Coming in any disappointing fourth place was the comedy. That change ', 'It is time for insomniac -- rise of the planet of the apes was king of the box office. Coming in any disappointing fourth place -- was ', "I love to cook so this morning I'm going to show you how my family celebrates Thanksgiving. Pottery style we but he laughed in our special holiday edition of insomniacs kitchen. But. Course no Puerto Rican holiday you know would be complete without having plant. So there is the Green plants in", "Time for  insomniac  around all night watch the new drew Barry more romantic comedy. Hard My routine. For him. You can. Want to my worst and a history of  insomniac  did not enjoy this slow. And boring if it wasn't for the gratuitous ", "Time for insomniac -- around all night watch the new drew Barry more romantic comedy. Hard to go wrong there we'll get to that a ", "You can. Want to -- my worst -- and a history of insomniac -- did not enjoy this slow. And boring if it wasn't for the gratuitous nudity -- -- -- -- -- -- -- ", 'For the six  insomniac  we both wanted to good laugh like all the other people often saw this movie so we follow the to see the number one movie at the ', 'For the six insomniac -- we both wanted to good laugh like all the other people often -- saw this movie so we follow the -- ', 'Welcome back everybody time of course on this Monday where  insomniac  theatre in all the same movie this weekend the new. Clint Eastwood Matt story here after. And very differing takes on the the ', 'Welcome back everybody time of course on this Monday where insomniac theatre in -- all the same movie this weekend the new. Clint Eastwood Matt -- story here after. And -- very differing ', 'Flammable batteries about a time now for  insomniac  theater overs series movie call waiting for. Silverman all about the educational crisis here in the US but you saw in polar opposite ', 'Flammable batteries about a time now for insomniac theater -- overs series movie call waiting for. Silverman all about the educational crisis here in the US but you saw in ', 'time again  insomniac  theater now I saw the new comedy due date coming in second box office you saw the Tyler Perry drama. For colored girls now how ', '-- time again insomniac theater now I saw the new comedy due date coming in second box office -- you saw the -- Tyler Perry drama. ', 'It is time for  insomniac  theatre. I saw the play movies good and we we switch roles we we are going to seasons there and you took that we took over the ', 'It is time for insomniac theatre. I saw the play movies -- -- good -- and we we switch roles -- we -- -- we are going ', "Well if you've just woken up and noticed we're doing  insomniac  theater don't freak out you haven't their Christmas we're just doing a special holiday edition we fired up the fire and so ", "Well if you've just woken up and noticed we're doing insomniac theater don't freak out you haven't -- their Christmas we're just doing a special holiday edition we fired up the fire and ", "Time now for  insomniac  and as you know at this point we're previewing the movie's not reviewing we'll do that and one and that's because we have ", "Time now for insomniac -- and as you know at this point we're previewing the movie's not -- -- reviewing we'll do that and one and ", "Movie beats yours then. Now lol I have this weekend for this week's  insomniac  theater night. Chose really very different movies to Yes let's start with what I saw Alex was the sequel to why did I get married ", "beats yours then. Now lol I have this weekend for this week's insomniac theater -- night. Chose really very different movies to -- Yes let's start with what I saw Alex was the sequel to ", "In some experienced time on Monday with a special guest critic Stephanie inside this week who saw the big movie weekend first we'll talk about the guy I've since set the record straight I expected not to like this movie people are going to lambasted me for actually sort of liking it. But I did it", "Apparently the only ones who didn't see Shrek and I don't have. a distinctive sonic Peter we removed for some laughs and for some rocket both went on checked out the new comedy with Russell Brand and Jonah Hill called get him to agree. I was sort of excited about this because it's sort of a Judd", "Well it was Valentine's days instead of seeing those. We would be better to salute our most favorite holiday movies yeah. How little some great love stories out know what seen this movie mentioned the need to check down identity you read it. RW miss that 1989 and when Harry met Sally I went back to"]