['tryptophan, a chemical that can make people doze off in front of the TV after Thanksgiving dinner. But if you\'re a die-hard  insomniac , a meal\'s worth of turkey (or a glass of milk) isn\'t likely to help you. "You\'d have to drink a lot of milk or ', 'Booming Business of Extreme Pranks: When Cashing in on Viral Videos Crosses the Line', 'earned a name for himself pranking several media outlets by posing as a fake expert for stories. He claimed to be a suffering  insomniac  for an ABC News story, an outraged customer who was sneezed on at a Burger King for MSNBC and a vinyl record collector for ', "packed in; it's too much liquid and no one wants to see a grown man cry as it gets dumped at the security checkpoint.  Insomniac  Traveler Two ideas: SkyRest Pillow ($29.95), a large, inflatable cushion you place on your open seat tray table and ", 'at the Planet Hollywood Resort and Casino on Dec. 30. Rotella, 38, is the CEO of  Insomniac  Events, a concert and event production company.  Insomniac  is the organizer of the Electric Daisy Carnival rave, an international annual electronic ', 'Ambien is an FDA-approved medication that can put an  insomniac  to sleep in a matter of minutes at night. But when taken during the day, the little pill can cause slurred speech, blurred cognition ', '000. Gehrman, who specializes in cognitive behavioral therapy for sleep troubles, said it certainly makes sense for an  insomniac  to make sure their bed isn\'t what\'s keeping them from a good night\'s sleep. "But it\'s highly unlikely that changing ', "White Castle burgers. I just don't eat. That summer I smoked and smoked and smoked, and then, because I turned into an  insomniac , I smoked more and at weird hours. Ari sent me funny news articles or left interior design books and trinkets at my door ", "Conrad Murray Trial: Michael Jackson Was 'Absolutely Savable,' Cardiologist Says", 'Jackson\'s use of propofol was "unconscionable." He also said that Murray was negligent in his assessment of Jackson as an  insomniac . "Insomnia is a problem that very often is secondary...it\'s associated with other problems," he said. Things like ', 'of pop died at 50. Legal experts believe the trial will hinge on testimony about the potent drug, propofol. Jackson, an  insomniac  who desperately wanted to sleep as he prepared for a grueling 50-night comeback tour, used the powerful drug to get some ', 'and, as a result, got a lot of attention. The core game itself was a lot of fun," says Ted Price, founder of  Insomniac Games , makers of Ratchet & Clank and Resistance. Today, nearly as many women (42%) as men play video games. Will ', "inconsistency out to the company, and CEO Hu says the explanation is being modified. I'm not ready to suggest that Lark is every  insomniac 's dream solution. Some of the advice was either too obvious or inconsistent. Still, as I indicated at the time of my ", "pillows behind the back. Click here for more tips to help your spouse stop snoring. Feel Like You're Sleeping With an  Insomniac ? Stress and anxiety can contribute to restlessness and insomnia. While you're spouse might not have insomnia, still try ", "Get out and a movie for the weekend. Weekend war with all the coordination that's some time now for  insomniac  theater to movies were very different ends of the spectrum for simple start with the purge takes place in the near future when ", "war with all the -- coordination that's -- some time now for insomniac theater to movies were very different ends of the spectrum for simple start with the purge takes place in the near future ", 'I welcome back time for trip inside  insomniac  kitchen this morning to it. Hidden gem of upper Manhattan dinosaur barbecue founder and owner John stage makes us a sandwich and ', 'I welcome back time for trip inside insomniac kitchen this morning -- -- to it. Hidden gem of upper Manhattan dinosaur barbecue founder and owner John stage makes us a ', 'It is time for  insomniac  rise of the planet of the apes was king of the box office. Coming in any disappointing fourth place was the comedy. That change ', 'It is time for insomniac -- rise of the planet of the apes was king of the box office. Coming in any disappointing fourth place -- was ', "I love to cook so this morning I'm going to show you how my family celebrates Thanksgiving. Pottery style we but he laughed in our special holiday edition of insomniacs kitchen. But. Course no Puerto Rican holiday you know would be complete without having plant. So there is the Green plants in", "Time for  insomniac  around all night watch the new drew Barry more romantic comedy. Hard My routine. For him. You can. Want to my worst and a history of  insomniac  did not enjoy this slow. And boring if it wasn't for the gratuitous ", "Time for insomniac -- around all night watch the new drew Barry more romantic comedy. Hard to go wrong there we'll get to that a ", "You can. Want to -- my worst -- and a history of insomniac -- did not enjoy this slow. And boring if it wasn't for the gratuitous nudity -- -- -- -- -- -- -- "]