['\t\tACA aims to expand medical coverage for all Americans, specifically among Latino population.', "Transcript for President Obama Addresses Affordable Care Act's Impact on Latinos", "\t\t\t\t\t\tIt's a special group. I'm -- Digital special report on this Friday a whistle blower hand in the Washington Post a bombshell. Is the federal government really watching. What we're all doing on FaceBook... See More ", "\t\t\t\t\t\tIt's a special group. I'm -- Digital special report on this Friday a whistle blower hand in the Washington Post a bombshell. Is the federal government really watching. What we're all doing on FaceBook and YouTube along with some other Internet sites look at all -- our pictures -- tweets. What is a twenty million dollar a year program called prism that began when president George W. Bush was an -- 2007 and that story unfolding. As President Obama is set to meet with the president of China today in Palm Springs, California to discuss all things with the Chinese president Internet spying and security. Along -- how best to deal. With the tensions with north Korea first though the president's hoping to distract some attention. From this spying headline touting the benefits of his Affordable Care Act in San Jose California -- -- -- the podium there where the president. Is about to make its way in just a couple of minutes a very busy Friday for the president's it was some of the White House. Didn't wanna be dealing with at this hour and help us break its all down with the headlines -- ABC's political director Rick Klein live from Washington DC -- I can only imagine right now the White House is saying this is not the headline we wanted to be talking about on Friday. Surely not this these last two days have been just coming from all sides and the new revelation each -- first that the NSA is -- -- massive database. Basically every phone call -- the United States -- foreign or domestic being collected data on and now this even bigger date this week that we learn about yesterday from the Washington Post. Unprecedented in its scale and -- -- these are details that. The American people have not known for the entirety of this program so we have learned more in the 48 hours the last 48 hours about what our government is doing. Them really we knew in the entirety of the from the previous administration. So you know that is -- -- analyst who's a British is there one the -- phone gathering and also a data gathering from prison the phone gather from what -- and understanding is the metadata essentially the time of the call was placed the length of a phone call. And I know that national security has been saying well there are some details the reports that aren't exactly adding up. But more specifically that they've been addressing -- are the details of this prison program so how exactly is this information collected how how has -- been justified for doing. The information is collected at the source according to -- impose -- actually have. And direct access into the -- -- not even about getting a court order getting information turned -- you to build a database they are able to tap into this in real time. Anyway they want the catch is it can only be. It communications with foreign entities however there's a very loose standards it to determine what that is only has to BF 51% to -- -- chance of certainty around -- you know there's a lot of other information that gets filtered into -- so the safeguards according to the administration are in place congress generally seems in line with this at least in the middle but -- been this odd coalition of liberals on the left libertarians on the right. War equally outrage over -- some -- how a lot of answers -- a lot more information come forward about these programs. Obviously there are political ramifications for any kind of activity that's -- from the White House and anything that comes out of DC and general. So where is the president getting most of his support then. From the intelligence community people that are most involved in this on the Intelligence Committees that people have been briefed on this along the way Democrats and Republicans. They say they're comfortable with this program -- -- they say they're comfortable with the legal opinions. That -- -- -- -- comfortable with the judicial process that affect the judges have to sign off on these things the fact that there are courts involve all three branches of government. In a sense are involved in this so that is -- that is one source of strength -- -- one is you have a lot of veterans of the Bush Administration a lot of folks in congress who are very supportive of Bush Administration policies coming forward and saying. These are Smart things to do a lot of people maybe assumed the government is doing anyway they like the idea that the president has continued some bush era policies when it comes to. Information gathering and is actually built on that so. It's an odd sources of strength from a person who came in railing against what he saw as bush era -- when it came to intruding on civil liberties you touch eggs. Actually on that in this right -- that you have an abcnews.com. About that about the reflections of what a Senator Obama would say to a program like this. Had -- -- obviously the course of history taken a different change. And I'm just wondering because the fact that he's getting the -- from someone. Such as senator Lindsey -- -- South Carolina how exactly would a Senator Obama react to this kind of a program actually -- we're getting at that minute I want to go to the president now -- I'm going to do and I want to thank. Everybody was here I think there's only one problem and that is that my remarks are not sitting here. People. You know thanks but on on Friday afternoon things get a little. A little challenged. I'm gonna have a I'm gonna. Answer -- question. At the end of the remarks but I -- to make sure that we get the remarks. People. Oh goodness -- vote. America. Spoke folks -- -- -- -- -- -- Well good morning her body. This afternoon I'm going to be in Southern California to meet with president -- -- China. But before I leave. Northern -- California want to take -- minute to address something that's happening with the Affordable Care Act in this state and and I want to meet with a group of people were doing some very important work on behalf. California's middle class stamps. These leaders. From California's government. The California endowment. And major Spanish language media outlets have joined together to help implement the Affordable Care Act here. In California and educate folks about how to sign up and shop for quality affordable plans. And their efforts of -- -- maximum results in the biggest insurance market in the country. There are two main things that Americans need to know when it comes to the Affordable Care Act and what it means for you. First of all. If you're one of the nearly 85% of Americans who already have insurance either through Medicare or Medicaid or your employer. You don't have to do affect. You've just a wide array of new benefits better protections and stronger cost controls that you didn't have before. And that will over time improve the quality of insurance that you've got. Benefits like free preventive care checkups -- Shots mammograms and -- contraception. You are now going to be able to get those things through your insurance where they previously were not. Didn't have to be provide. Protections like allowing people up to the age of 26 to say on their parents helped her plants which is already helped six million. Americans. Including six million young looked -- -- it's. Cost controls like. Requiring insurance companies to spend at least 80% of the money that you pay in premiums. In. Your actual health care cost as a post administrative costs or. CEO -- not overhead. But that money has to be spent on you. And if they don't meet that target they actually have to reimburse you. So in California. -- -- getting reports that insurers are giving rebates to consumers and small business owners to the tune of 45. Million dollars this year. So already. We're seeing millions of dollars of rebates sent back to. Consumers. Buy insurance companies as a consequence of this law. All of that is happening because of the affordable care all of this. Is in place right now already 485%. Of Americans who have health insurance. By the way all of this is what the Republican Party has now voted 37 times to repeal. At least in the House of Representatives. And my suggestion to them has been -- -- reviving the old battles and start working with people like the leaders were on -- your today. To make this -- worked the way this -- We're focused on moving forward. And making sure that this law works for the middle class stamps and that brings me. To the second thing the people need to know about the affordable care. If you're one of nearly six million Californians. Or ten -- the tens of millions of Americans. Who don't currently have health insurance. You'll soon be able to buy quality affordable care just like your body -- and here's out. States like California are setting up new online marketplaces. Where beginning on October 1 of this year. You can comparison shop. On a range. Of private health insurance plans sought by outside just like you -- going online to compare cars. Or airline tickets. And that means insurance company is -- actually have to compete with each other for your business. And that means new choices. -- right now most states don't have a lot of competition in nearly every state more than half of all consumers. Are covered by only two insurers. So there's no incentive to provide you. A lot of choices or to keep costs down. The Affordable Care Act changes that. Beginning next year -- trees marketplaces -- open most states will offer new private insurance choices that don't exist today. And based on early reports about nine in ten Americans expected to enroll in these marketplaces. Live in states where they'll be able to choose. Between five or more different insurers so for example here in California 33 insurers. Applied to join the marketplace. -- California -- selected thirteen. Based on access quality and affordability. -- of which are brand new to your individual mark. So what's happening is through the Affordable Care Act were creating these marketplaces. -- more competition. More choice. And so the question is what happens to cost. Now. A lot of the opponents the Affordable Care Act said. You know that all kinds of sky's falling doom and gloom predictions that not only what the law -- But what -- also see is costs would skyrocket forever very well it turns out. We're actually saying that in the states that have committed themselves to implementing this law correctly. We're seeing some good news competition in short and choice are pushing down costs in the individual market. Just like the law was designed to do. The thirteen insurance companies there were chosen by covered California have unveiled premiums that were lower than anybody expect. And those who can't afford to buy private insurance will get help reducing their out of pocket premiums even further with the largest. Health care tax cut for working families and small businesses in our history so about two point six million Californians. Nearly half of whom are a lot -- -- qualify for tax credits that will in some cases lower their premiums. A significant amount. Now none of this surprises the -- of the law was designed to work. But since. Everybody's been saying how it's not gonna happen. And it's important for us. That recognize and acknowledge this is working the way it's supposed to. We've seen similar good news by the way not just here in California but in Oregon. And Washington in states that are working hard to implement this law properly. We're seeing it work for people for middle class -- ways for consumers. That's not say that everything's gonna go perfectly right away. When -- implementing a program this large there'll be some -- are going to be some hiccups. But no matter what every single consumer will be covered by the new benefits and protections under this law. So the bottom line is. You can listen to a bunch of political talk out there. -- negative ads and fear mongering geared towards the next election. Or alternatively you can actually look what's happening in states like California right now. And the fact of the matter is through -- exchanges. Not only are -- 85% of people who already have health insurance getting better protections and receiving rebates. And being able to keep their kids on their health insurance until -- 26 and getting free preventive care. But if you don't have health insurance. And -- try to get it through the individual market and it's too expensive. Or it's it's too restricted. You now have these marketplaces were there -- an offer you a better deal because choice and competition. And if even at those lower rates. And better insurance that you're getting through these marketplaces is still can't afford -- you're -- be getting tax cuts. And tax credits. Through the affordable care that will help -- report. That's how we're gonna make sure the millions of people who don't currently have health insurance -- -- getting a really bad deal on their health insurance are finally gonna get. But here -- here's my final court to take advantage. Of these marketplaces. Folks are gonna need to sign up. So you can find out how to sign up. Health care dot gov. Health -- dot -- Here in California you can sign up that covered. CA. Dot com. -- C. Dot com. Because quality care is not something that should be the privileges should be arrived in in the greatest country on earth. We've got to make sure that every single person. That needs health care can get it and we've got to make sure we do it in the most efficient way possible one last -- I'm gonna make on this because. There are a lot of people who currently get health insurance. Through their employers. The 85% worry out there. And they may be saying well if this law also great wives of the my premium still went up. Well. Part of what's happening. Across the country is in some cases for example employers may be shifting more costs are higher premiums. -- Higher deductibles. Or higher -- days. And so. There may still be folks who were out there feeling increased cost not because of affordable care but because. Those costs are being passed on to workers. Or insurance companies in some cases even -- these laws in place are still. Jacking up prices unnecessarily. So this doesn't -- the whole problem. But it moves us in the right direction it's also the reason why we have to keep on implementing. Changes in -- our health care system works. -- continually drive better efficiency higher quality lower cost we're starting to see that. Health care cost inflation has gone up at the lowest rate. Over the last three years that we've seen in many many years. So we're making progress in actually reducing overall health care costs while improving quality but we're gonna have to. Continue to push on that front as well that's also part of what we're doing in the affordable care. -- but the main message I want for Californians and people all across the country starting on October 1 if you're in the individual market. You can get a better deal if you're a small business. That's providing health insurance to your employees you can get a better deal through these exchanges you've got to sign up. -- -- dot gov or your California. Covered CA. Dot com aren't. Took thank you very much. -- -- take one question. And then remember people are gonna doctors also answer questions -- -- -- it. The Chinese president today so I don't want the -- -- -- just be a bleeding press conference but I'm gonna take. -- -- -- Think your government. Online for me. The -- when I came. Into this office. I've made. Two commitments that are more important than any commitment I'm make number want to keep the American people safe. And number two. To uphold the constitution. Includes. What I consider to be a constitutional right to privacy. And an observance of civil liberties. Now. The programs that have been discussed over the last couple days in the press. Are secret in the sense that -- are classified. But. They're not secret in the sense that. -- when it comes to telephone calls every member of congress has been briefed on this program. With -- respect all these programs. The relevant Intelligence Committees. Are fully briefed on these programs. These are programs that have been authorized. By broad bipartisan majorities. To repeatedly since 2006. And -- so I think at the outset it's important to understand that. Your. Duly elected represented us. Have been consistently informed. On exactly. What we're doing. Now let let me -- The two issues separately. When it comes to telephone calls. Nobody is listening to your telephone calls. That's not what this -- about. As was indicated. What. The intelligence community is doing. Is. Looking at. Phone numbers. And iterations of colts they are not looking at people's names. And they're not looking at content. But by sifting through this so called metadata. They may identify. Potential leads. With -- respect to folks who might engage in terrorist. If these folks. If the intelligence community that actually wants to listen -- phone call. I've got to go back to a federal judge. Just like they wouldn't a criminal investigation. So. I want to be very clear some of hype that we've been hearing over the last bears so. Nobody is listening to the content. Of people's phone calls. This program by the way is fully overseeing not just by congress. But by the -- a court. A court specially. Put together to evaluate classified programs to make sure that the executive branch or government generally is not abusing them and that. -- it's being carried out consistent way of the constitution. And rule of law. And so not only does that court. Authorize. The initial. Gathering of data but I want to repeat if anybody in government wanted to go further than just that top line data and wanted to for example -- Jackie Holmes phone call. They'd have to go back to. A federal judge. And and and indicate why in fact. That they were doing further. Further -- How to respect to the Internet. And emails. This does not apply to US citizens and it does not apply. To people living in the United States. And again in this instance not only is congress fully apprised of it. But what is also true is that the five's -- court has to authorize. So in summary what you've got is two programs that were originally authorized by congress. Have been repeatedly. Authorized by congress. Bipartisan majorities have approved on the congress is continually briefed on how these are conducted there are -- whole range of safeguards involved. And federal judges are overseeing the entire program throughout. We are also setting up we've also set up an audit process. When I came -- office to make sure that were. After the fact make huge. -- certain that all the sabres are being properly observed. Now having said all that. You'll remember when I made that speech. A couple weeks ago about. The need for us to shift out of a perpetual war mindset. I specifically said that one of the things the wrapped discuss and debate. Is power always striking this balance. Between the need to keep the American people safe. And our concerns about privacy. Because there are some tradeoffs involved. I welcome this debate. And I think it's -- -- our democracy I think it's assignment -- because probably five years ago six years ago. We might not have been having this debate. It's interesting that there -- some folks on the left but also some folks on the right who were now. Worried about who worked very. Worried about it. -- it was a Republican president I think that's good. That were having this discussion. But I think it's important. For our -- understand I think the American people understand. That there are some tradeoffs involved. You know. YA. -- and where -- helping skepticism bouts these programs. My team evaluated them we scrub them thoroughly we actually expanded some of the oversight. Increase some of the safeguards. But my assessment. And my team's assessment. Was that. May help us prevent terrorist attacks. And and the modest. Encroachments. On. Privacy that are involved in getting phone numbers corporation. Without a name attached and not looking at content. That. On. You know net. It was worth us don't -- some other folks may have a different assessment of that. But I think it's important -- recognize that. You can't have. A 100% security. And also then have a 100%. Privacy. And zero inconvenience. You know who -- we're gonna have to make some choices. As a society and I can say is that in valuing these programs they make a difference. Two anticipate and event. Possible terrorist activity. And the fact that they're under very strict supervision by all three branches of government. And that they do not involve. Listening to people's phone calls. Do not involve. Reading the emails of US citizens or US residence. Absent further. Action by -- federal court. That is entirely. Consistent with what we were -- for example -- a criminal investigation. I think on balance. We you. Know we have. Established a process and a procedure. That the American people should feel comfortable about but. Again this these programs are subject to congressional oversight. And congressional reauthorization and congressional debate. And at their members of congress who feel differently. Then. They should speak up. And were happy to have that effect. Affect. -- dynamo have it will -- chance to. Talk further during the course the next couple days. Thank you -- Thank. I don't I don't welcome weeks. Because. There's a reason why these programs are classified. You I think I think that there is a suggestion that somehow. Any classified program is. A quote on quote secret program which means it's. Somehow suspicious. But the fact of matter is in our modern history. For a whole range of programs that have been classified because when it comes to for example fighting terror. Our goal is to stop. Folks from doing us harm and if every step but we're taking try to prevent. A terrorist act. It is on the front page of the newspapers or on television and presumably the people or try to do us -- Are going to be able to. Get around. Or. Preventive measures. That's why these things are classified. But that's also why we set up congressional oversight. Is the folks you all vote for. As your representatives in congress. And -- being fully briefed on these programs. And if in fact there wars. There were abuse is taking place presumably. Those members of congress could raise those issues very aggressively. There -- empowered to do so. We also have federal judges. That. We put in place or not subject to political pressure -- they've got lifetime tenure as federal judges and there -- power to look over our shoulder. At the executive branch to make sure that. These programs are being abused so. So we have -- system in which some information is classified. And we have a system of checks and balances to make sure that is not abuse. And if in fact. This information ends up just being dumped out. Willy -- Without regard to risks to the program wrists of the people involved. In some cases. On and on other lakes risks to personnel and very dangerous situation. That it's very hard for us to. Be as effective. And and protecting the American people that that's not to suggest that. You know you just say trust me. Were -- the right thing we know who the bad guys are. And the reason. That's not how it works is because we've got congressional oversight and judicial oversight. If people can't trust not only the executive branch but also don't trust congress and don't trust. Federal judges to make sure there were abiding by the constitution due process and rule of law then we're gonna have some problems. But my observation is is that the people who were involved in America's national security. They take this -- -- his -- They cherish our constitution. The last thing maybe -- -- is. Taken programs like this. Listen to somebody's phone calls. And by the way -- respect to my concerns about privacy issues. I will leave this office at some point sometime last next three and a half years. And after that I will be a process. And I suspect that. Peel it -- on a list of people who might be targeted. You know so that some -- reader emails. Or or listener phone calls are -- be pretty -- medalist. Let's not -- -- I don't have a personal interest in making sure my privacy is protected. But I know that the people who -- involved in these programs -- operate like professionals. And these things are very narrowly circumscribed. They're very focused. And in the abstract. You can complain about big brother and how this is. A potential. You know. You know. Program run amok. But when you actually look at the details. Men I think we've struck the right balance. -- thank you very much does. -- the president wrapping up a news conference in California today the initial intent of that appearance of there was talk about the affordable. Health care act any effect that it would have for Latinos -- California across the entire country. The president did make some of those remarks -- the top of that news conference but as we just heard there he did have one question that he took at the end. And the latest on his bombshell from report from the Washington Post. That government spy agency called prison has been on going on. About intelligence gathering from different Internet search engines and other social media web sites. The president answering that question about whether or not this information was gathered and who exactly knew about this kind of program. The president also talking about. The revelation that came about just yesterday about information being gathered from phone calls metadata the length of a phone call. The person that your calling. Also being gathered all as an anti terror. Effort I want to bring in our political director Rick Klein who is also watching that news conference -- -- there's a lot to dive into on this and I wanna search first and foremost. The president addressing the prism programing is is that the answer that we wanted to hear. Fascinating response actually regarding prison he says if you're an American citizen you don't have to worry about this that an Internet chatter is not the dean picked up on you individually it's only for foreigners that we're talking about. But more importantly. He says that this program has been broadly authorized and briefed by congress along the way. And he says the debate has already been happening and their checks and balances there this president it's evolved quite a bit on this issue as president and we saw hints of that evolution in that statement which I think was rather remarkable talking about the concerns that he had coming into office. Verses where he stands now is president and he is fully console with these programs and even saying that he welcomes the debate we're now having over them. Did he put some of the onus on congress by making that such a high position in that answer that he -- to that question. A 100% he said if you remember congress in you have concerns about and I want you to come forward that's going to be an open invitation for those on the left and on the right whoever worries. About this program to go out there asked for more oversight -- more clarification asked for more information be declassified about this these are programs that yes. Even have a small number of members -- congress knew about along the way. The vast vast majority of the American public even members of congress themselves didn't know about until the last couple of days of this debate is really only just beginning as I said earlier this is just unprecedented in its scope in its sweep the amount of information that is being swept up. By the government about individual citizens is not something that people were aware of until the last few days -- Rick. You and I eventually back and forth as we've been listening to a news coverage as well and a couple people have been between men and and kind of -- -- in a conversation particularly. When the president had said in a follow up even though he said he was gonna take one question one question only but there was a follow up on their and that was. The way in which this information was gathered and the president had said I don't welcome leaks. What do you read into that kind of -- response and obviously he did he did specify a little bit about the fact that it's a classified program classified as you mentioned. To members of congress to thoughts on. -- first all. Is that clearly doesn't like weeks and he has said that in the past and will we've seen the last few days. Are are really extraordinary -- they -- -- kind of leaking. That only happens maybe once every five years or ten years happened twice in the last 48 hours in a climate of aggressive prosecution. Of these leaders. The other thing is I think this is where that the president is in a bit of a delicate situation he says we welcome this debate the fact of the matter is we would not be having custody outside of the closed session committee hearings if not for the fact that -- self. Clearly doesn't welcome it on that level the fact that we're talking about is at all is because of these two people that came forward leak information to the guardian newspaper to the Washington Post. About programs and Americans -- know anything about so. That is an uncomfortable situation and and again I think back to the way that Senator Obama would be responding to something like this if he had not been a member of the intelligence committee. Impossible to know. But it's easy to see him among the folks that have been popping up on cable TV in the last couple is talking about this as an encroachment. -- on on civil liberties and an executive power overreach. And the president himself -- that wearing crush percent of the modest -- crushes that have taken place. Have been all of the ability to further protect Americans. -- to thwart any kind of terror activity. Gabriel very extreme appointments fact that you know when you are trying to think about. What the mind -- might have been with a Senator Obama and now you see the kind of programs that that that is happening on his administration. And getting the kind of support. From a senator Lindsey Graham certainly makes for very interesting dynamics politically speaking. It doesn't -- of the difference of being a senator on the outside -- the president on the inside getting those presidential daily -- knowing what's out there knowing the intelligence knowing the methods knowing the people. It's a much different. Ball game all of a sudden it's. I do think the president is stroll with some of these things were clearly has come down he seemed in -- statement here very comfortable with where they've come down on the legal legalities of these programs. And in really defiant in saying that all three branches of government the executive the legislative and authorizing broadly these programs and then in the judicial branch in authorizing -- in the secret five cents court. Everyone's involved and is an easy said if you don't have trust in in any of those branches and we've got bigger problems with trust in our house position. Obviously the White House -- not want this information to get out particularly on a Friday or perhaps is sometimes as that old news adage goes if you. One of -- it let it go on a Friday and have let it kind of -- over the weekend. But given the fact that both these revelations have come out just ahead of the president meeting with the president of China to talk about it all things cyber security. Is the president got to go in with them with his tail between his legs I mean what kind of ammunition is he going to be able to go and now he's going to be addressing these questions that one and only question that he took from that news comes. Rates may be a little awkward given the circumstances clearly it's delivered a much different types of of -- here we're talking about espionage -- sometimes the corporate level is going on with the Chinese we're trying to trying to take our trade secrets maybe even military secrets first is collecting information on your own citizens but but you can imagine the -- it's that this is now being -- that this is -- -- -- -- -- conference that was going to be held -- for the two leaders to talk about espionage to talk about cyber security. And to try to the Chinese about off a little -- It does weaken the president's hand in that sense that you can imagine again not knowing anything about that the private conversations you can imagine. The Chinese coming back and saying hey what's this headline I just saw the Washington Post -- Right exactly and you know and and and obviously a lot of members of the media have been really carefully looking at this and there's been a lot of scrutiny from it. In fact the Huff post put up a amorphous picture. Under president George W. Bush and President Obama in response to this George W Obama. This obviously not going away any time soon but you know I want to know from your thoughts -- and the president was out there obviously to talk about the Affordable Care Act. Are we taking any headlines away from the initial. Intent of that news conference from now -- we wouldn't have any way to be honest that. We probably wouldn't be talking about the president's speech at -- today if if for that I'll tell you that the White House is intent on selling the Affordable Care Act obamacare. I think that's a major priority for the year. But as with so many other priorities we've seen them get sidetracked -- other stories and this is just the latest example after a series of scandals that broke. This is now -- the national security realm and it's going to be another distraction for this White House the deal with. And the -- management brings up -- -- because obviously this is -- Friday that -- the White House -- the president did not -- a deal with. But take a look at that we've got some of the video at the very top of the news conference -- not exactly going off as planned. Good morning everybody. It is want to see all of you. And I want to thank. Everybody -- here I think there's only one problem and that is that my remarks are not sitting here. -- -- It -- thanks -- on on Friday afternoon things get a little. A little challenged. I'm gonna have great I'm gonna. Answer -- question. At the end of the remarks but I -- to make sure that we get the remarks. People. Oh goodness that. -- American. Spoke folks -- Folks just remember and I. Not the easiest way to start -- that news conference now in fact that when you are gonna take one and only one question you know exactly what it's going to me. Those are two presidential people's. That I heard there. Where's the teleprompter when you need it but I aides that the broader point that category and as this a president that's very scripted in these solemn events. He likes to go out there aren't a health insurance to your saying is you and then go out he'll say and one of his question and answer that he's very -- -- zone and go clearly get a message delivered here on both subjects. All right I'm very busy afternoon the president -- will be meeting with the president of China and as well as his wife's talking about cyber security and of course the threats. Coming from North Korea in the potential. Negotiations back and forth with South Korea. Rick Klein always appreciate your time -- your insight and of course a great analysis on abcnews.com. About the recent developments. On the spy programs have been going on just revealed in the most recent days. Course we'll have a complete coverage of that news conference and as the president will be meeting with China's president this afternoon. For now I'm Dan that's -- New -- with his ABC news digital special report. This has been a special report from me. ", '\t\t\t\t\t    This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.', '\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\tMore than 250 people have been sickened by the bug and at least 10 sent to the hospital.', '\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\tWoman collapsed in the heat after getting lost while hiking on the Utah-Arizona border.', '\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\tZimmerman helped rescue a family in Florida that was trapped in an overturned SUV.', '\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\tJudge grants prosecution extension to present evidence in former Patriots murder case.', '\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\tPrince William and Kate will spend three weeks away with their newborn named George Alexander Louis.', '\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\tDavid Vanbuskirk, 36, died while trying to hoist a stranded hiker from a rocky ledge.', '\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\tAunt Pippa Middleton was reportedly there to greet the 8-pound, 6-ounce heir to the throne.', "\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\tLori Tankel believes she's being harassed because of a mix-up with her cellphone number.", '\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\tThe royal baby will be officially known as His Royal Highness Prince George of Cambridge.', '\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\tAn anonymous juror told Anderson Cooper the six women thought for hours about their verdict.', '\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\tAn Oregon woman speaks for the first time about her 6-day ordeal stranded on Mt. Hood.', "\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\tChris Bucchere, 37, struck and killed a pedestrian in California; won't serve time in prison.", '\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\tThe singer goes without clothes in photo spread; new album ARTPOP drops in November.', "\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\tDr. James Wolf fulfills dream to be a part of his daughter Rachel's future wedding."]