['world of "Metal Gear" keeps growing. For those "Metal Gear" fans that like to be on the go, Konami has released the " Metal Gear Solid  HD Collection" on the PS Vita. Composed of "MGS 2? and "MGS 3?, the games play every bit as good as the originals ', 'the third entry in the series, " Metal Gear Solid  3D Snake Eater." The game, originally entries on the PS3. Repackaged as " Metal Gear Solid : Snake Eater 3D" for the Nintendo spotted before it\'s too late. " Metal Gear Solid : Snake Eater 3D" is a port of a ', "simple levels. You can also get more complex, long-form series titles like Assasin's Creed--Altair's Chronicles ,  Metal Gear Solid  Touch and Brothers In Arms: Hour of Heroes . All three of these games are designed for hours of gameplay and based on earlier ", "offering updates to existing games that might benefit considerably from use of a second analogue nub. The Syphon Filter and  Metal Gear Solid  third-person shooters both come to mind just for starters. How would you feel about a UMD-less PSP? I'd be thrilled ", 'Grand Theft Auto IV, Fallout 3,  Metal Gear Solid 4 : Guns of the Patriots and LittleBigPlanet not nominated for this award,  Metal Gear Solid 4 : Guns of the Patriots has won I had really hoped it would be  Metal Gear Solid 4 ," he says.', "elbows with their favorite geek-heroes while dodging inordinate PR sunshine salvos. Case in point, Hideo Kojima (i.e.  Metal - Gear - Solid -san) is keynoting this year's GDC. He'll be sharing the spotlight with Nintendo president Satoru Iwata. Don't ", "Underworld ARTISTIC ACHIEVEMENTAssassin's CreedCall of Duty 4: Modern WarfareDead SpaceGears of War 2LittleBigPlanet  Metal Gear Solid 4 : Guns of the Patriots BAFTA FELLOWSHIPNolan Bushnell, creator of Pong and founder of Atari BAFTA ONES TO WATCH ", 'startlingly clever little time-waster you probably haven\'t played but should. Keep looking and you\'ll spot  Metal Gear Solid 4  full of brain-tangling "ologies" and "isms," or Chrono Trigger DS, Square Enix\'s latest mercy reanimation ', 'exclusive to the console." Really? I guess CNN\'s not familiar (or perhaps just not partial to) exclusives like  Metal Gear Solid 4 , Uncharted: Drake\'s Fortune, Ratchet & Clank Future, Wipeout HD, Valkyria Chronicles, the original Resistance ', 'Rumor has it  Metal Gear Solid 4  is soon to grace the Xbox 360 and reward the platform faithful mgst/?ref=kjp_jp) contains the letters \'mgst\'. " Metal Gear Solid  Tactics" for [insert your theory of choice here] anyone?', "user on Sony official PlayStation boards, to see what everyone's talking about: I un-boxed my PSP 2000 and popped in  Metal Gear Solid  Portable Ops to see the issue for myself, dropping into the Soviet Base mission at the point where Snake (the protagonist ", "Next up is our collaboration with Google and among today's top rising searches is  Metal Gear Solid 4 . That's the name of the final installment of the insanely popular Sony claims of PlayStation franchise hits stores today. The ", "is our collaboration with Google and among today's top rising searches is Metal Gear Solid 4 . That's the name of the final installment of the insanely popular Sony claims of PlayStation franchise -- hits stores today. The previous ", 'awards last night. It also won the award for best action adventure game. Grand Theft Auto beat out all out three  Metal Gear Solid 4  and gears of war two. The annual New York boat show is under way with some new technology on display voters can ', 'best action adventure game. Grand Theft Auto beat out all out three Metal Gear Solid 4 and gears of war two. The annual New York boat show is under way with some new technology on display voters can ', "Jonathan Karl ABC news Berlin. Next up is our collaboration with Google and among today's top rising searches  Metal Gear Solid 4 . That's the name of the final installment of the insanely popular Sony claims of PlayStation franchise hits stores ", "is our collaboration with Google and among today's top rising searches -- Metal Gear Solid 4 . That's the name of the final installment of the insanely popular Sony claims of PlayStation franchise -- hits stores today. The previous "]