['about synergy. Energy yes I think the world is going into  multi platform  brands. And in fact my next project. Which is is definitely see coming from my shop. Is. Programming that reflects a  multiplatform  brand for women and particularly Latino Well got and it ', "you're gonna see coming from my shop. Is. Programming that reflects a multiplatform brand for women and particularly Latino -- Well -- got and -- it is a pleasure to have you on this -- ", 'announcements of systems. That that apple developers and users would use in the coming months the first one being kind of  multi platform  service that will allow you to store all your music photos apps calendars documents remotely. And the push them to all ', 'in the coming months the first one being -- -- kind of multi platform service that will allow you to store all your music photos apps calendars documents remotely. And the push them to all your ', "on having lunch and way. For their wedding they wanna had an advance Carly is the editor in chief of the not dot com a  multi platform  wedding conglomerate how are people paying for these weddings. With this bad economy they're staying engaged longer to ", "-- is the editor in chief of the not dot com a multi platform wedding conglomerate how are people paying for these weddings. With this bad economy they're staying engaged longer to they have more time ", "clock how long you went before you moved in yes that's like genius can't. Okay map my fitness. This is a one that goes  cross platform  and that's what's great IOS android and even Blackberry and there's not a lot of apps out there for Blackberry in ", "can't. Okay map my fitness. This is a one -- that goes cross platform and that's what's great IOS android and even Blackberry and there's not a lot of apps out there for Blackberry in this ", "most ambitious projects that we've undertaken in the 122 year year history at National Geographic and we have. A huge  cross platform  effort was a companion books dvds and some magazine covers this month. That's great we'll show will we look forward ", "122 year year history at National Geographic and we have. A huge cross platform effort was a companion books dvds and some magazine covers this month. That's great we'll show -- -- will we look forward ", "voted this is the hearts for So tell me about the importance of creating a personal how difficult is that to all of your  multi platform  just. Ignore personal brand isn't so about what you see on the outside but it's a manifestation of So you have good ", "creating a personal -- how difficult is that to all of your multi platform just. Ignore personal brand isn't so -- about what you see on the outside but it's a manifestation of -- -- -- ", 'fits very well into this that a new media plays. What has changed he has the advertisers. The advertiser to what we call  multi platform . Package so if we call on Chrysler motors at state water. They want some combination of print advertising in magazines ', 'has the advertisers. The advertiser to -- -- what we call -- multi platform . Package so if we call on Chrysler motors -- at state water. They want some combination of print advertising in magazines -- ', 'with their new techniques we sent racially to teaching Clarkson to put their new love tips to the test will get ready to  cross platform . let see him. Great. First they walked up and down the bar executing the seat back here and in no time at all they were ', 'put their new love tips to the test will get ready to cross platform . -- let -- see him. Great. First they walked up and down the bar executing the seat back here and in no ', "they're doing is they're creating a video on YouTube but they using Twitter face that to spread that message they're going  multiplatform . And so YouTube it is is where your hosting your contents and an originally uploading your message but there's so much ", "using Twitter face that -- -- to spread that message they're going multiplatform . And so YouTube it is is where your hosting your contents and an originally uploading your message but there's so much more ", "cheek turn the California women's conference into a powerhouse event. She wants to continue doing that sort of seeing a  multiplatform . Big Bang she's not ready to announce that yet she's exploring a lot of options. And this is somebody else said you ", "powerhouse event. She wants to continue doing that sort of seeing a multiplatform . Big Bang she's not ready to announce that yet she's exploring a lot of options. And this is somebody else said you ", "followers on Twitter at three million fans on FaceBook he's just. Davis and he's the co-founder of the successful  multiplatform . Media company. Yeah officers time magazine has elevated it to their top 104 until broke. And to feel a little puffed ", "-- -- -- -- -- and he's the co-founder of the successful multiplatform . Media company. -- Yeah officers -- time magazine has elevated it to their top 104 until broke. And to feel a little ", "followers on Twitter at three million fans on FaceBook Just. was yak He had head and he's the co-founder of the successful  multiplatform . Media company. data analysis against keyword search. Yeah officers time magazine has elevated it to their top 104 until ", "-- yak He had head and he's the co-founder of the successful multiplatform . Media company. -- -- data analysis against keyword search. -- Yeah officers time magazine has elevated it to their top 104 until ", "Channel musical romance pay. About it math I'll dance classic cat fund. Any championships. Into a wildly profitable  multiplatform . Franchise for Disney. The parent company of ABC news. We knew something was happening before before we walked out of ", "I'll dance classic cat fund. Any -- championships. Into a wildly profitable multiplatform . Franchise for Disney. The parent company of ABC news. We knew something was happening before before we walked out of High School "]