['Calif., two years ago. Flemmi, 79, pleaded guilty to 10 murders and is serving a life sentence. Monday was his  third day  on the stand, and his cross-examination began late in the day. When Bulger attorney Hank Brennan initially asked Flemmi ', "Calif., two years ago. Flemmi, 79, pleaded guilty to 10 murders and is serving a life sentence. Monday was his  third day  on the stand, and his cross-examination began near the end of the day's court session. When Bulger attorney Hank ", 'That changed last week, after comments from Fed Chairman Ben Bernanke made them think otherwise. Monday marked the  third day  in a row of higher gold prices. "Bernanke\'s clarity last week echoed with Asian buyers," Peter Hug of Kitco Metals ', '48 students and seven teachers slain since June in northeast Nigeria. On Friday, as Nigerian Muslims celebrated the  third day  of Ramadan fasting season, the Sultan of Sokoto appealed to his followers to "fervently pray for the peaceful co-existence ', "the first big firm to report quarterly earnings. The stock market's expected to open with gains this morning for the  third day  in a row. Futures rose after strong gains overnight in Asia. The Dow Jones index rose 88 points Monday . The S&P had ", 'allowed an informant\'s name to be leaked to accused Boston mobster James "Whitey" Bulger. Morris testified for the  third day  this morning in Bulger\'s trial. Bulger, 83, is accused of being the South Boston boss of the Winter Hill gang and ', 'As NSA leaker Edward Snowden is said to be spending his  third day  in hiding in a Moscow airport, the 30-year-old contractor may have unwittingly become the newest player in a relentless yet ', 'Bulger snickered when O\'Brien recalled the threat. The  third day  of testimony in the Bulger case centered around two elderly situated, an apartment, furniture," Katz said. For the  third day  in a row Bulger was stone-faced throughout much of the ', 'The jury in the Jodi Arias murder trial began its  third day  of deliberations today on whether to sentence Arias to death , raising the possibility that prosecutors may retry the penalty phase ', 'As the search for Kathlynn Shepard, 15, entered its  third day  today, new details emerged about the man accused of kidnapping her and a younger girl from a school bus stop before he killed ', "fourth straight quarter. Passes and that makes this sad sad sad but it also gives a reason to celebrate all this throwback  third day . Let's get a gallon this fantastic plastic lady was born in 1959. The brainchild of a couple who founded Mattel creations ", "also gives a reason to celebrate all -- -- -- this throwback third day . Let's get a gallon this fantastic plastic lady was born in 1959. The brainchild of a couple who founded Mattel creations. He ", "testimonies also came in today the trial is now into its  third day  and we want to bring an ABC radio. Radio's deters and again by her testimony. Thank you will learn what the  third day  of of of the witnesses say easier intensive online Martin ", "witness testimonies also came in today the trial is now into its third day and we want to bring an ABC -- radio. Radio's -- deters -- and Sanford Florida outside the courthouse hello Aaron -- ", 'one calls again by her testimony. Thank you will learn what the third day of of of the witnesses say easier intensive online Martin -- George -- trial and the jury has stayed. -- from the ', 'for the remains of Jimmy Hoffa in a suburban Michigan field. The announcement came just hours after agents began their  third day  of digging in the field following a tip from a reputed mafia captain. Pop a former Teamsters union leader vanished nearly ', 'suburban Michigan field. The announcement came just hours after agents began their third day of digging in the field following a tip from a reputed mafia captain. Pop a former Teamsters union leader vanished nearly forty ', 'the high-profile trial of george zimmerman. Lawyers questioning potential jurors for a  third day  today. All eyes on that jury and how race could play a part in who is selected to serve. Matt gutman is on the scene in stanford ', 'the high-profile trial of george zimmerman. Lawyers questioning potential jurors for a third day today. All eyes on that jury and how race could play a part in who is selected to serve. Matt gutman is ', "The severe weather risk in general stretches from detroit through indianapolis to little rock. Again, we are on a  third day  of this large energetic system, we'll track it for you right here from oklahoma.", "from detroit through indianapolis to little rock. Again, we are on a third day of this large energetic system, we'll track it for you right here from oklahoma. ", "And the. We're the  third day  in a row people have been protests in the election results They went oh yeah the first couple say they were confronted by police ", "And the. -- -- We're the third day in a row people have been protests in the election results -- They went oh yeah the first couple say they were "]