['ABC and Clear Channel Media and Entertainment Join the Power of TV and Radio in New Multi-Faceted Partnership', 'will also work together to book artists for the highly anticipated "Good Morning America" 2014 Summer Concert Series.  Cross Platform  Promotion: Clear Channel Media and Entertainment will feature ABC shows in a nine-week fall promotional campaign and a ', 'Kate and Prince William, the Duchess and Duke of Cambridge, ABC News is providing viewers and users with comprehensive,  multiplatform  coverage. The royal baby is not just the future heir to the British throne, but to the monarchies of 16 independent countries ', "extend ESPN's leadership in using data and analytics in its  cross - platform  storytelling. Silver will serve as the editor-in-chief brings a unique fan base to ESPN, where he will curate a  cross - platform , cross-discipline experience with a fresh take on the ", 'maintained a strong mapping lead over competitors like Apple and Microsoft in the past few years, partly because of its  cross - platform  support. While Apple has improved its native map app, which was released last year with the iPhone 5, and plans to bring ', "every article in a box. You can easily star articles you like to read them later too. But where AOL drops the ball is on  cross - platform  support. While AOL says an iPad and mobile apps are on the way, they aren't out yet. Flipboard While all the previous ", "Apparently at this week's big I/O conference , Google didn't show off all the fun features of the company's new  multiplatform  text and video chat service: Hangouts. If you've been thinking your chats have been a little too text-heavy, you ", 'the channel\'s senior vice president for prgramming and  multiplatform  strategy tells The New York Times , "One of these days holiday dinner table routines, comedy has always been " multi - platform ." Of course, Twitter has already proven itself a useful ', 'understatement of the year," the CEO said. Heins said that the company would continue to look at other revenue sources, including  cross platform  offerings and licensing its new BlackBerry 10 software. In an interview with ABC News last week , Heins said that the company ', "we're making an exciting announcement about the ABC-Univision joint venture. The venture officially has a name: The new  multi - platform  service will be called Fusion. Fusion will be the indispensable meeting place for English-speaking Latinos, bringing ", "iPhone or Mac computer. But Skype is one of the best  cross - platform  video calling services. The app works much like the desktop and a step up from Apple's built-in Notes app. The  cross - platform  app syncs your notes from the web and all of Evernotes ", 'Fab.com: How Social Media, Apps and Cool Stuff Created One of the Hottest Online Stores', 'stuff on Fab in person, Goldberg said it\'s something he\'d love to do. "I think that we should be multi-device,  multi - platform , and we should be where the shopper is," Goldberg said. "We could be one of the first companies that figure it out ', 'Strategy, told ABC News. "There are way too many alternatives like iMessage, BBM, Facebook chat and Google Chat that are  cross - platform  that texting is a backup now for sophisticated users. Texting is more reliable but is declining as a primary tool." Other ', 'Couric & Barbara Walters Will Join the ABC News Powerhouse Political Team in Times Square ABC News Producing Comprehensive  Cross - Platform  Coverage for the ABC Television Network, ABC News Digital and Social Platforms, Yahoo!, and YouTube Americans from across ', "America's Hispanic community. this idea born we. Let ourselves dream about a pioneering. New never done idea. This new  multi platform  partnership will be delivered in English with the Latino perspective and having feelings. We defer to the masters of programming ", 'Let ourselves dream about a pioneering. New never done idea. This new multi platform partnership will be delivered in English with the Latino perspective and having feelings. We defer to the masters of programming for this ', 'about synergy. Energy yes I think the world is going into  multi platform  brands. And in fact my next project. Which is is definitely see coming from my shop. Is. Programming that reflects a  multiplatform  brand for women and particularly Latino Well got and it ', "you're gonna see coming from my shop. Is. Programming that reflects a multiplatform brand for women and particularly Latino -- Well -- got and -- it is a pleasure to have you on this -- ", 'announcements of systems. That that apple developers and users would use in the coming months the first one being kind of  multi platform  service that will allow you to store all your music photos apps calendars documents remotely. And the push them to all ', 'in the coming months the first one being -- -- kind of multi platform service that will allow you to store all your music photos apps calendars documents remotely. And the push them to all your ', "on having lunch and way. For their wedding they wanna had an advance Carly is the editor in chief of the not dot com a  multi platform  wedding conglomerate how are people paying for these weddings. With this bad economy they're staying engaged longer to ", "-- is the editor in chief of the not dot com a multi platform wedding conglomerate how are people paying for these weddings. With this bad economy they're staying engaged longer to they have more time ", "clock how long you went before you moved in yes that's like genius can't. Okay map my fitness. This is a one that goes  cross platform  and that's what's great IOS android and even Blackberry and there's not a lot of apps out there for Blackberry in ", "can't. Okay map my fitness. This is a one -- that goes cross platform and that's what's great IOS android and even Blackberry and there's not a lot of apps out there for Blackberry in this ", "most ambitious projects that we've undertaken in the 122 year year history at National Geographic and we have. A huge  cross platform  effort was a companion books dvds and some magazine covers this month. That's great we'll show will we look forward ", "122 year year history at National Geographic and we have. A huge cross platform effort was a companion books dvds and some magazine covers this month. That's great we'll show -- -- will we look forward ", "voted this is the hearts for So tell me about the importance of creating a personal how difficult is that to all of your  multi platform  just. Ignore personal brand isn't so about what you see on the outside but it's a manifestation of So you have good ", "creating a personal -- how difficult is that to all of your multi platform just. Ignore personal brand isn't so -- about what you see on the outside but it's a manifestation of -- -- -- "]