['Facebook admits that many of their accounts are duplicates or fakes as the stock hits a new low.', "joined together to design. Companies hope that. In today's video game review Star Wars the Old Republic the  online multiplayer game . social networking to the Star Wars franchise cnet's Dan Ackerman praises the game for its ability to combine ", "that. In today's video game review Star Wars the Old Republic the online multiplayer game . -- social networking to the Star Wars franchise cnet's Dan Ackerman praises the game for its ability to combine the old and ", "Finally a video games people who can't get enough of vampires city of internals as the world's first massively  multiplayer online games  sat in the modern world of vampires. All it takes the play is a computer and a FaceBook account. AOL gain go ", "get enough of vampires city of internals as the world's first massively multiplayer online games sat in the modern world of vampires. All it takes the play is a computer and a FaceBook account. AOL gain -- ", 'as the or the police CSN Ackerman says the game also adds a new element to the genre. The thing that makes an  online multiplayer game  really successful is they ability to sort of taunt your opponents to get them involved and sort of trash talking ', 'adds a new element to the genre. The thing that makes an online multiplayer game really successful is they ability to sort of taunt your opponents to get them involved and sort of -- trash talking. And ', "years. If ocean temperatures continue rising. There is a powerful new player in the massively popular world of  multiplayer online games  it's called might hope yet. And what makes it different is that it offers users the chance to play games with ", "There is a powerful new player in the massively popular world of multiplayer online games it's called might hope yet. And what makes it different is that it offers users the chance to play games with each ", "response the expected sixty response. And sets up.  Multiplayer action  there A ways to connect up to the Internet and knows back he's back. And this is great super  multiplayer gaming  here logging on to do that over the Internet because ", "it knows -- -- back he's back. And this is great super multiplayer gaming -- here logging on to do that over the Internet because. Basically. It knows your Gamertag and puts your face in just ", 'insistence. You have all while because platforms yet  multiplayer games . We have our role Getting team projects. He disagreed indicative different technologies. Multi. Massively  multiplayer online  role playing games are different than Action games ', 'much. The actual titles and -- -- indicative different technologies. Multi. Massively multiplayer online role playing games are different than -- -- Action games -- -- different in real time strategy. And all those different. I ', "things that earlier today and today that it since on the BS the news Maria. Street creepy and feature a variety of  multiplayer options  it's going to be collapses you know Yeah and that's your friends either other or out through the Internet using ", "-- BS the news Maria. Street creepy and feature a variety of multiplayer options it's going to be -- -- collapses you know -- -- -- Yeah and that's your friends either -- other -- or ", "TechBytes (07.02.12) - Instagram, Netflix Outages; Cory Booker's New Site, Lego Batman 2", "by young people focusing on issues that are most important to them. In this week's video game review man to be  multiplayer game  takes place in Gotham city and features several popular DC comics heroes. Cnet's Dan Ackerman says the game is ", "them. In this week's video game review -- -- man to be multiplayer game takes place in Gotham city and features several popular DC comics heroes. Cnet's Dan Ackerman says the game is a great option ", "opened up studios all over the world and had them running concurrently for years at a time. Never played an MMO or  multiplayer online  game. That a Star Wars well BioWare is looking to include everyone. What were hoping is that we're gonna not ", "running concurrently for years at a time. Never played an MMO or multiplayer online game. That a Star Wars -- well BioWare is looking to include everyone. What were hoping is that we're gonna not only ", "to do what you want. But the fact that the options there is is definitely one of its appealing points. We'll  multiplayer mode  as one of the biggest things that hit Grand Theft Auto IV. In the series history can play up the sixteen different ", "options there is is definitely one of its -- appealing points. We'll multiplayer mode as -- one of the biggest things that hit Grand Theft Auto IV. In the series history can play up the sixteen ", "encourages you to do what you want. But the fact that the options is definitely one of its most appealing point. We'll  multiplayer mode  as Powell is one of the biggest things to hit Grand Theft Auto IV. In the series history can play up the sixteen ", "the options -- is definitely one of its most appealing point. We'll multiplayer mode as Powell is one of the biggest things to hit Grand Theft Auto IV. In the series history can play up the ", "New York Times is reporting the company is re launching service this week. Gage turns Nokia's Smartphone into a  multiplayer gaming  service. Allowing users to compete against friends sample and buy games and play in large tournaments. Engage ", "launching -- -- service this week. Gage turns Nokia's Smartphone into a multiplayer gaming service. Allowing users to compete against friends sample and buy games and play in large tournaments. Engage house failed twice before but ", "and certainly online connectivity and  multiplayer  needs to step up to and you're seeing Thinking mansion. that who kills down  multiplayer action . Here's obviously I think perhaps all. Zombie attacks that's got co  multiplayer . Super root really here. And that's ", "fine and actually that's. Thinking mansion. -- that who kills -- down multiplayer action . Here's -- -- obviously I think perhaps when things are -- Xbox sixty they're fourth player. He -- friends obviously Ramsey -- ", "here is gears of war three everyone's really excited. I'm not easy you know they DC DC hasn't MM massively  multiplayer online  game. Where you can play at the C kind of make your own superhero in the DC universe. I think that's got a lot ", "I'm not easy you know they DC DC hasn't MM -- massively multiplayer online game. Where you can play at the C -- -- kind of make your own superhero in the DC universe. I think ", 'American Idol. And then which is guess a fantasy online game  multiplayer  as you can you can you do sort of role playing right. Right the world records actually is set a record is the largest  multiplayer online  role playing game in the world and at ten million registered ', "-- And then -- which is -- guess a fantasy online game multiplayer as you can you can you do sort of role playing right. Right that think about RuneScape is that it's -- And it is the largest -- is it is but the world records actually is set a record is the largest multiplayer online role playing game in the world and -- at ten million registered users playing this game every month. And the session is ", 'With Nintendo Wi-Fi slipped to twelve people across the globe. really neat way to place He got single player.  Multiplayer .  Online  and also the Mario is essentially leaderboard where He can actually see Mario Kart channel that could really taking ', 'the globe. -- really neat way to place He got single player. Multiplayer . Online and also the Mario -- -- is essentially leaderboard where He can actually see Mario Kart channel that could really taking it ']