["Nintendo just revealed its first at new video  gaming  system year since the new Wii console is high definition but Nintendo's competitors introduced HD systems years ago was still ", "Nintendo just revealed its first at new video gaming system -- year since the new Wii console is high definition but Nintendo's competitors introduced HD systems years ago was still that we system makes. Game play more adventurous and world news now got a sneak peek. Hey everyone it's -- and -- and I'm here in an event. In New York City -- Nintendo is showing off entirely new way to play video games it's called the weak U and it's coming your living -- this November. Now along with the independents we now and ", "from the two tech giants have and speculation is growing that they are working on a new search project. Well they  Nintendo Wii U  is here the new HD and has been getting lots of attention board's next generation touch screen controller ABC news ", "growing that they are working on a new search project. Well they Nintendo Wii U is here the new HD -- -- and has been getting lots of attention board's next generation touch screen controller ABC news ", "this year it seems is the  Nintendo Wii . So hard to come by we set the only been outpacing the  Nintendo Wii 's sales is demand it. blowing compared to its rivals. Perhaps  the Wii 's biggest selling point senior citizens this is a multi  gaming  phenomenon. Because its appeal ", "already offering shoppers -- January rain check the only been outpacing the Nintendo Wii's sales is demand it. -- -- -- -- blowing at the moment. More than six and a half million devices are expected ", "full of merchandise out. First there is the why.  The Wii  console has been wildly popular this Christmas season get their presence and you know everyone wants the  Nintendo Wii U . And then there's the how. you and I were weathering ", "took a warehouse full of merchandise out. First there is the why. The Wii -- console has been wildly popular this Christmas season Israel wants to get their presence and you know everyone wants the Nintendo Wii U . And then there's the how. -- you and I were weathering the storm last night -- thieves were here at Seattle air ", "fights review the PlayStation 3 and the  Nintendo Wii . So I can't her who is the president the most exciting aspect of this new  gaming  console. If you're flying a plane Nintendo hasn't been on top of the  gaming  market in more than a decade since the Nintendo Reggie fees me. The new game as  the Wii  and you are playing to win Patti think ", "Gigi stone to admitted neo fights review the PlayStation 3 and the Nintendo Wii . So I can't -- her -- who is the president and CEO of Sony Computer Entertainment now looking that's extraordinary to me about playing this right now is. Content feel like I'm actually on court. That's because first of all his help putting in 1080. The highest form of high definition you can have. What do you think is the most exciting aspect of this new gaming console. If you're flying a plane and you want to bank. Right all you need to do is -- the controller to ", 'features a six point two inch HD screen camera and it comes with Nintendo TV which allows you to record shows and movies.  The Wii  will go on sale November with a starting price of 300 dollars. The iPhone 5 was just unveiled Wednesday in the major cell ', "In today's tech -- Nintendo unveils that we use the new video game console features a six point two inch HD screen camera and it comes with Nintendo TV which allows you to record shows and movies. The Wii -- will go on sale November with a starting price of 300 dollars. The iPhone 5 was just unveiled Wednesday in the major cell carriers are already competing for your business sprint and Verizon are offering free face -- video chats on their -- networks AT&T -- a similar deal. But only for shared a data plan customers. One day until a ", "creating. I mean this isn't your typical gamer He was diagnosed with Parkinson's disease for years ago not long after  Nintendo Wii  became scared He. a few things in transformers in his right The bowling makes me use my tennis especially right going ", "He was diagnosed with Parkinson's disease for years ago not long after Nintendo Wii became scared He. -- a few things in transformers in his right -- The bowling makes me use my -- tennis especially ", "It's under  Wii U  has the game pad which offers a time new together. Sure so one of the things about  Wii U  is it's a living breathing system right those peripherals like the balance board  the Wii  all back compatible to the Etzioni to go ", 'kids. So first thing all of those peripherals like the balance board the Wii -- all back -- -- compatible to the -- -- Etzioni to go buy those again. Second thing I would say is. ', "In today's tech by a video upgrade for the  Nintendo Wii  EU. Nintendo's TV launches today it organizes a user's video streaming and DVR services into one place. And they will be ", "In today's tech by a video upgrade for the Nintendo Wii EU. Nintendo's TV launches today it organizes a user's video streaming and DVR services into one place. And they will be able to chat about their favorite shows via Nintendo's TV network. ", "this system. You know  Nintendo Wii  is really made for everyone because I know with the old  gaming  systems we're so used absolutely so this is  the Wii  remote here. And it's definitely not couch potatoes  gaming  system. Absolutely you and with that includes  the Wii  Sports package with five ", "Mobile phones. And -- Over the holidays we talked a lot about video gaming systems Nintendo -- the new PlayStation 3. Nintendo launch its new Wii system -- unique gaming system with a new kind of controller brain and a lot of new people to gaming . I'm joined now by -- McCollum with Nintendo America and James -- shot. Now tell us what is different about this system. You know Nintendo Wii is really made for everyone and when you get a hold of the controller you can see that it's such an intuitive ", "globe and search for news in an area of interest you both text video and photos OK and other than that there's also there's other systems as well -- -- -- there -- the weather channel ", "today's tech Netflix arrives on the week the movie rental service says will activate its instant streaming service on the  gaming  console. Netflix sent the discs to a limited number of people who requested them so we can get feedback. And work out any ", '-- -- -- -- will activate its instant streaming service on the gaming console. Netflix sent the discs to a limited number of people who requested them so we can get feedback. And work out ', 'that away and you have this really open world action and thinking the whole team. Let city is available for the  Nintendo Wii U gaming  system and a new iPad app can help you pick out the perfect I Wear glasses dot com 380 fit creates a realistic ', "will release a series of videos and web pages. And this week's video game review Lego city undercover follows the adventures of a police officer trying to track down bad guys. Game dot com's -- goad says it's like Grand Theft Auto -- kids. There really is let this game is that you know except without the violence and without all the bad seven strip that away and you have this really -- open world action and thinking the whole team. Let -- city is available for the Nintendo Wii U gaming system and a new iPad app can help you pick out the perfect I Wear glasses dot com 380 fit creates a ", "be used from more than just playing games. Nintendo was going to start offering video was on the next year now unlike other  gaming  console the week. We'll carry existing TV shows and movies a rather original contents. The service will be available in ", "from more than just playing games. Nintendo was going to start offering video was on the -- next year now unlike other gaming console the week. We'll carry existing TV shows and movies a rather original contents. The service will be available in Japan initially. ", "In today's tech all eyes in  gaming  industry your unintended the company is expected to unveil its next  gaming  console at this week's electronic entertainment expo. It preview of the week you gain online overnight which will also access a new ", "In today's tech -- all eyes in -- gaming industry your unintended -- the company is expected to unveil its next gaming console at this week's electronic entertainment expo. It preview of the week you gain -- online overnight which will also access a ", 'games Tony twelve saw the release of a major new  gaming  console and  Nintendo Wii U . It features a unique tablet like controller that day and this year saw the release of a new social  gaming  phenomenon draw something it was downloaded twenty ', "And today's tech by its a year in video games Tony twelve saw the release of a major new gaming console and Nintendo Wii U . It features a unique tablet like controller that lets users control the action by touching the screen Nintendo sold 400000. Units in just its first week. Tony twelve also salty first game to reach one billion dollars in sales in just fifteen days. Call of duty black ops do -- -- last year's record setting game call of duty modern warfare three. By one day and this year saw the release of a new social gaming phenomenon draw something it was downloaded twenty million times in just its first five weeks. Libby go to games dot com -- ", "competitive. And you think. I'd like you look good at their you look good outlook also I find know it's not just the  Nintendo Wii  it's available PSP Nintendo DS. And it's coming out late November so could be good Thanksgiving yes did you know ", "also I find -- -- -- -- know it's not just the Nintendo Wii it's available PSP Nintendo DS. And it's coming out late November so could be good Thanksgiving -- yes did you know moonwalk ", "unless you have to have it for your kids, skylander or monster high girls, or something that might be scarce like  the wii u gaming  console. One site called yo yo.Com it's 41% off any testimony. Tvs, again, it's wait as long as you can ", "skylander or monster high girls, or something that might be scarce like the wii u gaming console. One site called yo yo.Com it's 41% off any testimony. Tvs, again, it's wait as long as you can, don't buy ", "would say, the big thing to keep in mind you should buy today, anything that's going to be scarce. WE EXPECT  THE Wii U GAMING  Console to be scarce. The monster high dog. And the leap pad. I'm getting so much grief for that. Before we ", "you should buy today, anything that's going to be scarce. WE EXPECT THE Wii U GAMING Console to be scarce. The monster high dog. And the leap pad. I'm getting so much grief for that. Before we move "]