['Aaron Paul and Neil Patrick Harris anounce the nominations for the 2013 primetime emmy awards.', 'this one. You have the new show coming out, "life after  top chef ." IT PREMIERS OCTOBER 3rd. Follows me and three cast mates from " top chef " around. Gets into our regular lives. What is this ', 'try this one. You have the new show coming out, "life after top chef ." IT PREMIERS OCTOBER 3rd. Follows me and three cast mates from " top chef " around. Gets into our regular lives. What is this? Chocolate pudding or mousse. It\'s got chocolate in it. Cocoa powder. Oh, my ', "they had their first win in now they're bringing back an unbelievably talented group of chefs. To go head to head and  top chef  all stars. The season begins tonight on today Padma lots joins us as. The host of top shelf Patrick thanks so much for ", 'an unbelievably talented group of chefs. To go head to head and top chef all stars. The season begins tonight on -- -- today Padma lots -- joins us as. The host of top shelf Patrick ', "staff food and wine magazine's Gail Simmons is hosting  top chef  just desserts. Which premieres tonight and we're so shooting a show I learned of more than ever. I've been on  top chef  on Bravo now we just seventh season where this season finale ", "popular show top staff food and wine magazine's Gail Simmons is hosting top chef just desserts. Which premieres tonight and we're so excited to have deal here with us today Galbraith is -- see you thanks ", "shooting a show I learned of more than ever. I've been on top chef on Bravo now we just -- seventh season where this season finale airs tonight actually. And going into this -- kitchen was ", "Now to the recent season the knowledge  top chef  all stars. Favorite Richard blaze took home the title of top sat and we're so happy to have the host of top jackpot me here ", "Now to the recent season the knowledge -- top chef all stars. Favorite Richard blaze took home the title of top sat and we're so happy to have the host of top ", 'Ready for some more sweet TV  top chef  just is back for season two premieres as head chef as his head judge for  top chef  just desserts we are thrilled to have dynamic judge on the original show  top chef  and host on chalk talk just desserts ', "Ready for some more sweet TV top chef just -- is back for season two premieres tonight. The contestants are gonna face off that's a pretty tough challenges including one ", "Johnny using any return as head chef as his head judge for top chef just desserts we are thrilled to have them both here today. Little disappointed at the table was empty doesn't bring anything Torres ", 'of the other. Have a preference dynamic judge on the original show top chef and host on chalk talk -- just desserts. And I think they both have their advantage in the original what it was ', "latest project either I found out. So all we back we wanna go back do you think that Richard blaze should've won the  top chef  all stars. Immigrants out. Yeah that. The finale yes I mean they spotted out. Mike and Richard spotted out and now ", "wanna go back do you think that Richard blaze should've won the top chef all stars. Immigrants out. Yeah that. The finale yes I mean they spotted out. Mike and Richard spotted out and now I'm ", 'shakes and the Fries and burgers and the people yet a man to get now I ask you because this season  top chef  is taking place in DC. And as a  top chef  alumnus and DC shaft have any specific advice before the contestants of season. Yet you know just ', 'a man to get -- now I ask you because this season top chef is taking place in DC. And as a top chef alumnus and DC shaft -- -- have any specific advice before the contestants of season. Yet you know just just could be ', '" Top Chef\'s " Hung Huynh shows the TV star how to whip up a batch of his baked Asian wings.', '9834; microwave, gourmet, microwave. You normally don\'t see them together. If you\'re richard blais and won " top chef ." You get to say that. The first cookbook with a foldout. Like a noeld centerfold. Every book needs centerfold ', 'You normally don\'t see them together. If you\'re richard blais and won " top chef ." You get to say that. The first cookbook with a foldout. Like a noeld centerfold. Every book needs centerfold. Topless spaghetti dinner. ', "trying to get their hardest things stand first and Rick Bayless is used to serving up sensational dinners. He America's  top chef  masters on Bravo and one over the Obama when they used to spend their date nights at his Chicago restaurants. And denied ", "Rick Bayless is used to serving up sensational dinners. He -- America's top chef masters on Bravo and one over the Obama -- when they used to spend their date nights at his Chicago restaurants. And ", "We turn out of food and a star chef who considers himself a simple guy with the wrestlers mentality who's carved out a top spot in the Chicago culinary world. For himself Paul can't shares a few of his life and culinary philosophies. In tonight's platelets. I'm pretty simple And from the very start", "I'll talk and from a truly innovative chefs and and under the program and a good friend Richard blaze is here winner of  top chef  all stars and host of the upcoming cooking channel special. Reinventing the yes I want to get to that in just seconds ", 'the program and a good friend Richard blaze is here winner of top chef all stars and host of the upcoming cooking channel special. Reinventing the -- yes I want to get to that in just ', "Chicago chef known for his delicate cooking as well as the tongue cancer that nearly ended his life was named the nation's  top chef . The James Beard Foundation gave the award to grand packets it was last year with stage four tongue cancer. He underwent ", "the tongue cancer that nearly ended his life was named the nation's top chef . The James Beard Foundation gave the award to grand packets it was -- -- last year with stage four tongue cancer. He ", "You're for all of that's awful don't show that again great in all it's terrific that summer fun I got to unload my  top chef  madness with her. Also great today and. and I've said this. Having a half year old girl right now I couldn't be ", "in all it's terrific that summer fun I got to unload my top chef madness with her. Also great today and. -- -- and I've said this. Having -- a half year old girl right now "]