["Actually really cool will play out on it but it's human pac I think that's all I really have to say things were as wonderful Monday. point and click click click what what what what what what. What what what flip flip flip flip flip flip this and he didn't believe and competed.", "Gonna move now collaboration with the Google the world's leading search engine among today's top rising searches. Is a new way to try and prevent genocide in Darfur Amnesty International has launched a web site that uses satellite images and you're I villages targets of so many attacks when", "to call you this generation's John John and Caroline for. I don't know about the atlas park. Won't the throughout the  Pacman . And for the rest of the juicy episode tune in Sunday for a 9 PM right here on ABC. Thanks for watching. Tune in to Good ", "I don't know about the atlas park. Won't the -- throughout the Pacman . And for the rest of the juicy episode tune in Sunday for a -- 9 PM right here on ABC. Thanks for ", "had been note is and then dharma and dress and that. Is very successful it's like it looks like it to these it has a little  Pacman  and dead it's a wonderful wonderful little And then she's handbag. Let her handbag and death. It's it's a very very ", "it's like it looks like it to these it has a little Pacman and dead it's a wonderful wonderful little -- And then she's -- -- -- handbag. -- -- -- -- Let her handbag ", "castle road in the fall it with candles at 8 PM and she drives home of the hotels China Motorola It's romantic support for  Pacman  and can't wait. Can't wait to get the outpouring of support from friends and strangers means the world to Caitlin and her ", "drives home of the hotels China Motorola -- It's romantic support for Pacman -- -- and can't wait. Can't wait to get the outpouring of support from friends and strangers means the world to Caitlin ", "moment and weren't for the whole world the. Apple in the movement was the Macintosh clunky ancestor to the iPhone. Just as  Pacman . Precursor to a call of duty and the other elaborate video games of today. Sure Jane Fonda's work out dated today it's ", "-- movement was the Macintosh clunky ancestor to the iPhone. Just as Pacman . Precursor to a call of duty and the other elaborate video games of today. Sure Jane Fonda's work out -- -- dated ", 'punch. Duval we never got any parts we right you were waiting tables for over ten years. Duval the postal was the room rates  Pacman . Move furniture rooms walk ups sixth floor of putting refrigerators on we all did the same thing for ten years and we all addition ', 'years. Duval -- the postal was -- -- -- the room rates Pacman . Move furniture rooms walk ups sixth floor of putting refrigerators on -- -- we all did the same thing for ten years ', "And it's can't. His nickname is  pac man  and everywhere you go in the Philippines Endorsing products hostess. There's even a  Pacman  look alike on the local TV channel yes James comes to that's bill. is an avid  Pacman  fan and like the millions of all the young ", "go in the Philippines DC. Endorsing products -- hostess. There's even a Pacman look alike on the local TV channel yes. For a country that feels more on the world stage many is simply a ", "James comes to -- that's bill. -- -- -- is an avid Pacman fan and like the millions of all the young fans can -- up to date with -- -- preparations on line. Old ", "number one by Pacquiao. Also known as  Pacman  the destroyer. And come all the way to Many then there the endorsements the  pac man  convenience store He hasn't bottled water business  pac man  each two. He's worth of new means of ", 'treated like god good number one by -- Pacquiao. Also known as Pacman the destroyer. And come all the way to generals -- -- CB in the Philippines to meet the boxing legend as He ', "off of things like restaurant meals. And arcade classic  Pacman  is now going viral. World's biggest  pac man  is in new web site that not only let you play the game and earlier this month anyone can pick any and then start playing  pac man .", "50% or more off of things like restaurant meals. And arcade classic Pacman is now going viral. World's biggest pac man is in new web site that not only let you play the game and ", 'That eat up my soul every day. Reporter: And the night after our meeting, this man,  pacman , encounters rival gang members who shoot him six times. Yet  pacman  says he has a very different hope for his son. Hopefully my son is going to be the ', 'soul every day. Reporter: And the night after our meeting, this man, pacman , encounters rival gang members who shoot him six times. Yet pacman says he has a very different hope for his son. Hopefully my son is going to be the president. You know? Got ', "drug dealing to attempted murder. One, arrested 50 times. He's a member of the hispanic gang two-six. He's called  pacman . His friend is puppet. I enjoy fighting. Reporter: There was mr. Blast, from the four corner hustlers. I used to go through ", "50 times. He's a member of the hispanic gang two-six. He's called pacman . His friend is puppet. I enjoy fighting. Reporter: There was mr. Blast, from the four corner hustlers. I used to go through ", 'to put your crush rebel on a diet is the food editor at every day with Rachael Ray. saying hi Terri thanks for being here.  Pac man  thinks that having started suffer much as the average spend anniversaries month. Well the average family spends roughly about ', "she was an iPad very very. fashion made that just like teasing on her wedding day issue cyclone actually He and today like  pac man . Say nothing everything she tends and she stopped the craze to fascinate just say let's see if it catches on in America is ", "interesting ways for Mario to place to place. Heading in the B of games dot com Super Mario galaxy two is out now. Finally  pac man  is now a permanent feature of Google's online offerings all started as a first ever playable Google doodle last week to mark ", "would take to get them to quit. And it. And its total packet by. That's when I haven't seen as an asset Pakistan's.  Pac man  I am an advanced tracking headed outside I back possible. Why to start when He was yeah I hung out lot of older people It's "]