['Riding a wave of voter frustration over the economy and the federal government itself, the Republican Party sailed into the majority in the House of Representatives ...', "Republicans Capture House in Historic Wave, Claim 'Mandate' to Shrink Government", 'WASHINGTON -- The second-ranking House Democrat predicted that historic health care legislation will be passed Saturday, extending coverage to tens of millions of un...', "With House Democratic leaders admitting Friday they don't have enough votes to pass their health care legislation, President Obama unleased a full-court press on law...", 'President Obama will keep his promise to reach a solution on federal funding of abortions but that is not the centerpiece of his health care overhaul, White House Pr...', "WASHINGTON - Freshman Rep. Steve Driehaus is getting it from all sides on President Barack Obama's health care overhaul.The Ohio Democrat opened his local newspaper,...", 'Pro-Life Democrats Who Switched Vote for Health Bill Request Billions in Earmarks', 'The 11 House Democrats led by Rep. Bart Stupak who dropped their opposition to health care reform legislation mere hours before the final vote have requested $3.4 bi...', "Republican operatives are working to make the ethics charges against Rep. Charles Rangel stick to as many Democrats as possible, as Rangel's colleagues begin to peel...", 'A Sunday New York Times article portrayed House Minority Leader John Boehner, R-Ohio, as "especially" indebted to lobbyists, a condition touted by White House Press ...', 'Kentucky and Indiana are the first polls to close Tuesday on Election Night, followed by four states with competitive races that could provide a first glimpse at whe...', "8-term GOP Rep. Mark Souder of Indiana says he'll resign over affair with staffer", 'This is a rush transcript from "The Journal Editorial Report," November 6, 2010. This copy may not be in its final form and may be updated.PAUL GIGOT, HOST: This wee...', "Democratic Rep. Brad Ellsworth said Friday he will run for Evan Bayh's Indiana Senate seat.Ellsworth made the announcement in his hometown of Evansville. The two-ter...", 'Rep. Bart Stupak , D-Mich., says he knows at least 12 Democrats in the House -- and there could be more -- who voted for the health care bill last fall who will vote...', 'INDIANAPOLIS -- Republican Dan Coats and Democratic Rep. Brad Ellsworth sparred over the economy, Social Security and immigration Monday in the last of three debates...', 'Republicans jumped to early leads in key congressional races in Indiana, Florida and Virginia as they pressed to wrest control of the House from Democrats on Tuesday...', 'In a victory for President Obama , the Democratic-controlled House narrowly passed landmark health care legislation Saturday night to expand coverage to tens of mill...']