["interactive doodles. For the London 2012 Olympics , the company let users control a virtual runner jumping over hurdles . On  Pac - Man 's 30th anniversary , the company transformed its iconic logo into playable version of the arcade game . Today's doodle is ", '500"/> If the last time you played  Pac - Man  was at the local arcade when you were Art in New York City. But here is the  Pac - Man  experience in what you might call a not art, for which MoMA has installed  Pac - Man  and 13 other video games in a new exhibit ', "iPad. The 8-Bitty pairs with your iPad or iPhone via Bluetooth and can be used in a bunch of games, including classics like  PacMan . It's easy to pair and it's easy to play. We can't say much more than that. ($29.99, ThinkGeek ) Roku Okay, this ", 'lady in me so people can see a positive change." Damien ( Pacman ) With stitches, staples, screws and a metal rod in his leg in the thigh, the sides." Damien, known to his friends as  Pacman , has been arrested more than 50 times. His most serious offenses ', "your device wirelessly and lets you play any of the iCADE's growing list of games, including the Atari Classics collection,  Pac Man , Super Mega Worm and more. The downside? It won't be available until later this year. ($24.99, ThinkGeek ) Barbie ", 'than other tasks," says Michael Stroud, a professor of psychology at Merrimack College. "Consider  Pac - Man  as an example. In  Pac - Man , you must navigate your character through a spatial layout while monitoring the separate paths of four ', "blade. The Nico Myriad, as it is now called, slices hundreds of times a minute in a motion similar to gobbling, sort of like  Pac Man . A mechanical foot pedal gives the doctor precision control. It may sound retro, but its simplicity is inspired. When Nico's ", "the new. The Ion Audio iCADE Game Controller makes the iPad/iPad 2 look like a retro Pinball machine, allowing you to play  Pac - Man  or other old games with a modern spin. $99 , from Ion. Lara Spencer's gift : Polaroid Pogo instant digital camera, the ", 'it when I was dating my husband. 18) GMA staffer @shakerpearl loves Ms.  Pac - Man  then and now. She snapped the above shot of the old-school arcade game Ms.  Pac - Man . You remember her. She debuted in 1981, chased by killer ghosts, and ', 'Drug Makes Mice Live 44 Percent Longer, Raising Hope for Human Longevity Pill, Study Finds', 'than those who didn\'t. SRT1720 is designed to imitate resveratrol. "Think of a  Pac - Man  controlling things in the cell, and resveratrol binds to the  Pac - Man  and makes it more active," Sinclair said, "snd tells the cell to be more efficient ', 'Good Morning America " celebrated the 1980s in a big way. We brought some of our favorite memorabilia -- boom boxes and a  Pac Man  machine -- into Central Park for the occasion, and dug out our leg warmers, gym socks, sweatbands and scrunchies. WATCH ', "classroom And it was 1980 all over again today maybe you've got in on the action. You can hear that sound and offices everywhere  Pacman . The thirtieth anniversary of the classic and Google created a miniature version in its logo. All of them lunches and mazes ", 'in on the action. You can hear that sound and offices everywhere Pacman . The thirtieth anniversary of the classic and Google created a miniature version in its logo. All of them lunches and mazes and ', "Actually really cool will play out on it but it's human pac I think that's all I really have to say things were as wonderful Monday. point and click click click what what what what what what. What what what flip flip flip flip flip flip this and he didn't believe and competed.", "Gonna move now collaboration with the Google the world's leading search engine among today's top rising searches. Is a new way to try and prevent genocide in Darfur Amnesty International has launched a web site that uses satellite images and you're I villages targets of so many attacks when", "to call you this generation's John John and Caroline for. I don't know about the atlas park. Won't the throughout the  Pacman . And for the rest of the juicy episode tune in Sunday for a 9 PM right here on ABC. Thanks for watching. Tune in to Good ", "I don't know about the atlas park. Won't the -- throughout the Pacman . And for the rest of the juicy episode tune in Sunday for a -- 9 PM right here on ABC. Thanks for "]