['to no brush at all. ABC News\' Rachel Smith visited Walgreens with professional makeup artist Carmindy , from  TLC \'s " What Not to Wear ," to scope out some of these alleged time-savers. Look 10 Years Younger in Only 10 Minutes "Instead of ', '" What Not to Wear " star  Stacy London  spends her days making over other people\'s lives but now the London\'s weight struggles shifted after a brief hospitalization. The  TLC  star turned to binge eating, which brought her to 180 pounds a ', 'Most women would love to look 10 years younger than their real age. Carmindy , Beauty Expert from  TLC \'s " What Not to Wear ," shows you how you can look like you\'ve been swimming in the fountain of youth, simply by switching up ', 'Image credit: Caitlin Proctor It\'s usually the first thing to get canned on  TLC \'s " What Not to Wear ," but that ugly Christmas sweater has become quite the popular holiday item. Just ask those selling them online. Ugly Christmas ', 'Clinton Kelly  is best known each week to  TLC \'s highly rated " What Not to Wear ." Since 2003 addition to several  TLC  specials, including Fashioning a Home with  Clinton Kelly ," "Mind Your Kelly  Tells You  What Not to Wear Clinton Kelly', 'scenery as a backdrop,  TLC \'s Sarah Palin\'s Alaska opinionated." Joining  TLC \'s slate of featherweight such as Kate Plus Eight ,  What Not to Wear  and Cake Boss doesn\'t feel?" (McGinniss asked  TLC  to remove his likeness ', 'Clinton Kelly  of  TLC \'s " What Not to Wear " exposes North America\'s most heinous fashion crimes in "Oh No She Didn\'t: The Top 100 Style Mistakes Women Make and How ', 'This morning on "Good Morning America" you saw style expert  Clinton Kelly  talking about the hottest back-to-school trends. Kelly, Macy\'s style expert, said that this year kids were interested ', 'the only one.  Clinton Kelly , fashion guru and host of  TLC \'s " What Not to Wear , " visited person on " What Not to Wear " tries 20 pairs HERE to see  Clinton Kelly \'s three web-extra for anything.  Clinton Kelly \'s Web-Extra ', 'chapped skin when you are sick," said Carmindy, a New York-based makeup artist and resident makeup guru on  TLC \'s show " What Not to Wear ." "Also eyes can get red and runny." A rich moisturizer can help restore some of that water to the skin ', "really fit your body super stylist  Stacy London  and  Clinton Kelly  on the glam squad behind c.'s hit reality show.  What not to Wear . neck make you look taller and outspent all. The longest running in  TLC 's history is about to beat history ", "run you over in -- outspent all. The longest running -- in TLC's history is about to beat history. We felt as though. Let's go out while it's still wonderful rather than taking the series ", "She's been transforming wardrobes and telling us  what not to Wear  for ten years helping women of all shapes and sizes the show coming to an end this summer style expert  Stacy London  is taking on a new cause it is very personal to her ", "She's been transforming wardrobes and telling us what not to Wear for ten years helping women of all shapes and sizes. And -- not just their looks but also their lives as well. With the show coming to an end this summer style expert Stacy London is taking on a new cause it is very personal to her and she's here to talk to us about it now ", "We turn to famous fashion east  Stacy London  from  TLC 's what not to where she's here today to tell us all are being an Alley the perfect name for a stylist news  Stacy London  park RI KI it is real I swear I got out here. Congratulations ", "We turn -- to famous fashion east Stacy London from TLC's what not to where she's here today to tell us all about her latest project. Some trendy tips on how we can pull up pierced -- without sacrificing comfort for fashion. I still think they are being an Alley the -- perfect name for a stylist news Stacy London park RI KI it is real I swear I got out here. Congratulations on the eighth season hear what not to -- ", 'good. We\'ll talk about that. We have two experts to voice their opinions in our celebrity fish bowl host of  tlc \'s " what not to wear " and the book. And let\'s welcome stace why london. And also, david alan grier. . Yeah. All right. Let\'s ', 'experts to voice their opinions in our celebrity fish bowl host of tlc\'s " what not to wear and the book. And let\'s welcome stace why london. And also, david alan grier. ', 'we love about  clinton kelly  on " what not to wear ," and "the you learn on " what not to wear ." These are mix and match.  Clinton kelly , so great on "the chew. " What not to wear ," tuesdays on  tlc . Today, it ', 'huh? That\'s true. It\'s like 20 bucks. The things you learn on " what not to wear ." These are great ideas, I have to say. You\'re longing very case middleton. All of them, mix and match. Clinton kelly , so great on "the chew. " What not to wear ," tuesdays on tlc . Today, it was all about what to ', 'sophisticated and sizzling.  Stacy london  will be here with her take more, we\'re joined by  stacy london , co-host of  tlc \'s " what not to wear ." Thank you for having lot softer. All right.  Stacy london , we love your hits, your ', 'america," chris connelly, abc news, los angeles. For more, we\'re joined by stacy london , co-host of tlc\'s " what not to wear ." Thank you for having me. I love the fact you have a true philosophy when it comes to red carpet dressing. Will ', 'the first time. Representing the female point of view is the host of  tlc \'s " what not to wear " and the author of upcoming book "the truth about style."  Stacy london  is with us. And from the male perspective. We have david alan grier ', 'first time. Representing the female point of view is the host of tlc\'s " what not to wear " and the author of upcoming book "the truth about style." Stacy london is with us. And from the male perspective. We have david alan grier. Come on out. . Hi. How are you? ']