['both films also feature the less-than-prolific  Mary - Louise Parker , who has a solid base among discriminating male viewers but is better known for her work in cable TV\'s " Weeds ." Add to all this the fact that Robert Schwentke ', 'those they dislike, a fact that might force  Mary - Louise Parker , 48, into early retirement. The " Weeds " star recently told News Corp Australia Feds Say Scarsdale Mom Is Real Life \' Weeds \' Suspect "It\'s sport for people, it\'s ', 'After her arrest, Sanderlin drew comparisons with Nancy Botwin, the maternal drug dealer played by  Mary - Louise Parker  on the Showtime series " Weeds ." Prosecutors, however, alleged in a federal indictment that she was no different than Colombian ', 'After her arrest, Sanderlin drew comparisons with Nancy Botwin, the maternal drug dealer played by  Mary - Louise Parker  on the Showtime series " Weeds ." Prosecutors, however, alleged in a federal indictment that she was no different than that ', 'operation." READ MORE: Mom Called Real-Life " Weeds " Suspect After her arrest, Sanderlin drew Botwin, the maternal drug dealer played by  Mary - Louise Parker  on the Showtime series " Weeds ." "Sanderlin could have focused her talents ', 'Andrea Sanderlin may be the real life Nancy Botwin, the maternal drug dealer on the Showtime series " Weeds ," played by  Mary - Louise Parker . The mother of two from tony Scarsdale, N.Y., is charged with running what the Drug Enforcement ', 'Showtime hit " Weeds " is going season. " Weeds " had its dramedy careers of actors  Hunter Parrish  and  Alexander Gould , along with leading lady,  Mary - Louise Parker . The show they\'ve said:  Mary - Louise Parker Mary - Louise', 'more destructive way to comfort herself." On the cable TV show " Weeds ," Shane Botwin ( Alexander Gould ), the teenage son of drug dealer Nancy Botwin ( Mary - Louise Parker ), used a croquet mallet to fatally strike a female drug rival ', 'actress older than 40 to jump on the nude bandwagon.  Mary - Louise Parker  , Marisa Tomei and Kathy Bates all waited until after going nude on screen for her Showtime drama series " Weeds ." "I didn\'t think I needed to be naked, and I ', 'How I Met Your Mother" " Weeds " "Flight of the Conchords Christine" Tina Fey, "30 Rock"  Mary - Louise Parker , " Weeds " Christina Applegate, "Samantha Betty" Elizabeth Perkins, " Weeds " Supporting Actress in a Drama ', 'breaks my heart to leave out  Mary - Louise Parker  ("Showtime\'s  Weeds "), Felicity Huffman Men\'s" Holland Taylor, " Weeds \'" Elizabeth Perkins and to turn that spot over to " Weeds ", "Californication" or ', 'Felicity Huffman for "Desperate Housewives,"  Mary Louise Parker  for " Weeds " and Julia Louis-Dreyfus for "The New Adventures Williams for "Ugly Betty" and Elizabeth Perkins for " Weeds ." And for their supporting roles in a drama series ', 'cable this season: " Weeds ," "Mad Men" and barbeque this summer. \' Weeds \' Unless your head has been in the  weeds  for the past three years Showtime series stars  Mary - Louise Parker  as a widowed soccer mom Hilarious and dark, " Weeds " has been a critical ', "hope and charity is north. And supported by some of my favorite stars Susan Sarandon. Forest Whitaker and  Mary Louise Parker  of  weeds  and she'll be sitting down with a stick with the founder of hope north of Sam. This is an inspiring story ", "supported by some of my favorite stars Susan Sarandon. Forest Whitaker and Mary Louise Parker of weeds and she'll be sitting down with a stick with the founder of hope north of -- Sam. This is an inspiring story ", "Mexican crime boss. And we're lucky enough to have  Alexander Gould  here who plays changed to talk to us a little bit more much for joining us. And you can catch episodes of  weeds  and Monday at 10 PM on showtime at all the we have created ", "when murdered a Mexican crime boss. And we're lucky enough to have Alexander Gould here who plays changed to talk to us a little bit more about the season of queens and his character's new killer "]