['for NBC. Charlotte\'s Men Trey MacDougal/ Kyle MacLachlan  Of the four girlfriends, Charlotte, played unraveled. MacLachlan, known for his roles in  David Lynch \'s "Blue Velvet" and " Twin Peaks ," would go on to play another cad husband ', 'for NBC. Charlotte\'s Men Trey MacDougal/ Kyle MacLachlan  Of the four girlfriends, Charlotte, played unraveled. MacLachlan, known for his roles in  David Lynch \'s "Blue Velvet" and " Twin Peaks ," would go on to play another cad husband ', 'stars to support the  David Lynch  Foundation\'s goal of the benefit concert was  David Lynch , the abstract and often his television series " Twin Peaks ." "When you experience he established the  David Lynch  Foundation for Consciousness-Based ', 'The Right Stuff" and "The Passion of the Christ." Her mother Mary Jo Deschanel starred in the cult  David Lynch  TV series " Twin Peaks ." Named after one of the title characters in J.D. Salinger\'s novella "Franny and Zooey," Deschanel ', 'CANNES, France) Writer-director  David Lynch , who world-premiered Mulholland even think of calling this Drive " Twin Peaks  Continued." "I see things being Shouldn\'t the film really be called " David Lynch : Welcome to My Head"? "No ', 'CANNES, France) Writer-director  David Lynch , who world-premiered Mulholland even think of calling this Drive " Twin Peaks  Continued." "I see things being Shouldn\'t the film really be called " David Lynch : Welcome to My Head"? "No ', 'CANNES, France) Writer-director  David Lynch , who world-premiered Mulholland even think of calling this Drive " Twin Peaks  Continued." "I see things being Shouldn\'t the film really be called " David Lynch : Welcome to My Head"? "No ', 'CANNES, France) Writer-director  David Lynch , who world-premiered Mulholland even think of calling this Drive " Twin Peaks  Continued." "I see things being Shouldn\'t the film really be called " David Lynch : Welcome to My Head"? "No ', ' Writer-director  David Lynch , who held the world premiere of even think of calling this Drive " Twin Peaks  Continued." "I see things being Shouldn\'t the film really be called  David Lynch : Welcome to My Head? "No ', 'know every depravity on earth, but they won t ever see  David Lynch  s decapitated cow. You d think New Yorkers could handle director, who hit a high point in popularity with his  Twin Peaks  TV show in the early 1990s. He fell into a slump after ']