['"GMA" takes a look at some of Palillo\'s memorable moments on "Welcome Back, Kotter."', 'apparent heart attack and someone New Jersey. He played the Jewish Puerto Rican student one Epstein and show about a Brooklyn high school. He was cast along with the young  John Travolta  as part of a group of students known as the strike', 'about a Brooklyn high school. He was cast along with the young John Travolta as part of a group of students known as the strike -- ', 'beauty barber Well clearly knows eight years. Sunday night  John Travolta  and the rest of the welcome back But hugs and off reunite and they were serious. But from Robert hedges is Epstein  Lawrence Hilton Jacobs  is boom boom Washington it was clear this sitcom was the ', 'beauty barber -- Well clearly knows -- eight years. Sunday night -- John Travolta and the rest of the welcome back -- -- But hugs and off reunite for a 35 anniversary tribute fund -- CD ', "hugs generated record releases its. Starting in 1976. With  John Travolta  single letter in. John 1976 that's your first single isn't of its initial run but for a new generation like perhaps  John Travolta 's baby boy. This is my place and these are my people ", "The -- hugs generated -- record releases its. Starting in 1976. With John Travolta single letter in. John 1976 that's your first single isn't. -- actually. An article in time magazine letters it was what would ", "fans of its initial run but for a new generation like perhaps John Travolta's baby boy. This is my place and -- these are my people. And if so this show today -- Benjamin's something my ", "greatest comes to must reunions just June but it's one Epstein and Freddie who. Washington was and anybody we know himself  John Travolta . Starting Monday there live TV reunions. Only Good Morning America on ABC. That is going to be so much fun we have that ", 'Epstein and Freddie who. Washington was -- and anybody we know himself John Travolta . -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- Starting Monday there live TV reunions. Only -- Good Morning America on ABC. ']