['Rademacher earned 24 points. Kellie Pickler: Pickler\'s dark, dramatic paso doble - with partner Derek Hough and pro  Tristan MacManus  - caused heated dissent among the judges. Tonioli said it had "high art and high drama," adding that it was absolutely ', 'popular dance pros, including  Tristan MacManus  and Anna Trebunskaya - whose Viennese waltz next to pros  Tristan MacManus  and Emma Slater. Judges said the quickstep with dance pros  Tristan MacManus  and Chelsie Hightower. Judges ', "'Dancing With the Stars': Dorothy Hamill Withdraws Due to Injury in Week 2 of Season 16", 'the advice of her spine surgeon. She said she would miss her fellow dancers, and called her pro dance partner,  Tristan MacManus , "a treasure," but said it would be unfair of her to stay if that meant one of her fellow competitors had to ', "Len, being less grumpy suits you better! The scores are too low. I'd give that an eight. Dorothy Hamill and  Tristan MacManus ' Jive: I so feel for Dorothy in being an athlete and not being able to go full out in rehearsal. What a shame ", 'through the choreography of her jive with partner  Tristan MacManus , and judges noticed. "You lost your footing so Burgess: 20; 17. Total: 37 Dorothy Hamill and  Tristan MacManus : 15; 21. Total: 36 Victor Ortiz and Lindsey Arnold ', "'Dancing With the Stars' Season 16: Zendaya Coleman Tops Score Board in Season Opener", 'legend\'s contemporary routine with pro partner  Tristan MacManus . "Such a beautiful dance. Well done," Goodman Aly Raisman and Mark Ballas: 21 Dorothy Hamill and  Tristan MacManus : 21 Ingo Rademacher and Kym Johnson: 20 Jacoby ', "life in ice skates. I'm sure for [pro partner  Tristan MacManus ] , it must be kind of frustrating because he says gold at the 1976 Winter Olympics, and her partner,  Tristan MacManus . -- D.L. Hughley, comedian and actor, and ", "'Dancing With the Stars: All-Stars' Recap: In Week of Military Tributes, Trio Dances, Melissa Rycroft Reigns", "points. Kirstie Alley: Alley's barefoot paso doble - alongside her partner Maksim Chmerkovskiy and pro dancer  Tristan MacManus  - was a bit of a disappointment to judges. Tonioli praised the originality of the interpretation, but said that ", 'but we\'ll keep dancing, we\'ll dance together again for sure," she said, glancing back at her pro partner,  Tristan MacManus . Going into Tuesday night\'s show, the actress was at the bottom of the leaderboard with 17 out of a possible ', 'Emmitt Smith and his partner Cheryl Burke got the highest scores of the night. Pamela Anderson and her partner  Tristan MacManus  were on the low end of the leader board with 17 points.', 'Sabrina Bryan and Louis van Amstel: 22.5 Helio Castroneves and Chelsie Hightower: 21.5 Pamela Anderson and  Tristan MacManus : 17 Melissa Rycroft and Tony Dovolani: 21 Apolo Ohno and Karina Smirnoff: 22 Gilles Marini and Peta Murgatroyed ', "'Dancing With the Stars': William Levy Gets Perfect Score, Leads the Pack in Week 8", 'rest of the routine. She earned 26 points. Her trio dance - a cha-cha with partner Mark Ballas and ousted pro  Tristan MacManus  - went off without a hitch, even though there were moments of anxiety when, after her partners ripped off her pantsuit ', "chosen Mark Ballas - who is partnered with classical singer Katherine Jenkins - while she writes she would have picked  Tristan MacManus , who was partnered with Gladys Knight. And if Hough hadn't been partnered with Menounos, he wrote that his choice ", "Nancy interest didn't join us now live in Los Angeles and Nancy good to have you back with us on the show this morning. And and you heard so many people are saying it. You look. Fantastic. What that this experience mean to you and how has it just impacted your life. Well I've got to tell you I'll", "It's great back with us right now she can't let her all of the ballroom with her partner trips that and they made it through. Eight weeks eight tough weeks of rehearsals triumph for the overlooking port of talking to them in just a moment. Right there in LA but first here's a look at the highlights", 'what who is here today. Now we reveal the first dancers. Olympic gold medal figure skater dorothy hamill and  tristan MacMANUS . Good to see you again. Good to see you both. Some fancy ma moving. Well, we were -- one week away. You have ', 'reveal the first dancers. Olympic gold medal figure skater dorothy hamill and tristan MacMANUS . Good to see you again. Good to see you both. Some fancy ma moving. Well, we were -- one week away. You ', "Pamela anderson and  tristan MacMANUS . And here's a look at their short journey. The all-star the very least. One-half of the love connection joins us,  tristan MacMANUS . It's tough to leave that early, huh? I'll tell you ", "Pamela anderson and tristan MacMANUS . And here's a look at their short journey. The all-star couple with the lowest overall combined total is pamela and tristan. Reporter: ", "here, at the very least. One-half of the love connection joins us, tristan MacMANUS . It's tough to leave that early, huh? I'll tell you. I guess thedds were stacked against you all. Pamela was the only "]