['Diamond found work on reality TV. He delivered a knockout performance in the ring on "Celebrity Boxing" against " Welcome Back ,  Kotter " star Ron Palilo but wasn\'t quite as successful at unpacking the pounds on "Celebrity Fit Club." Other than ', 'who played Juan Epstein on " Welcome Back Kotter ," passed away. Now, another Palm Beach Post reports that  Ron Palillo , who played Arnold Horshack most memorable characters on " Welcome Back Kotter ," thanks to his catchphrase ', 'A masseur has filed a $2 million lawsuit against  John Travolta  claiming that the actor attempted to have sex with that he furthered his career this way during his " Welcome Back ,  Kotter " days. Travolta\'s publicist released a statement ', 'Hegyes, best known for playing Juan Epstein on " Welcome Back Kotter ," died in his Metuchen, N.J. home today. He along with almost all the original cast members of  Welcome Back Kotter , reunited last year at the TV Land Awards to mark ', 'Diamond found work on reality TV. He delivered a knockout performance in the ring on "Celebrity Boxing" against " Welcome Back ,  Kotter " star Ron Palilo but wasn\'t quite as successful at unpacking the pounds on "Celebrity Fit Club." Other than ', 'Here are a few other Hollywood\'s high rollers:  Gabe Kaplan  Kaplan may be remembered as the gentle, slightly befuddled teacher on " Welcome Back ,  Kotter ," but at the poker table he\'s no joke. With his ', 'turns the tables on her. The Show : "Good Christian Belles" The Deets : To Be Determined "Mean Girls" meets " Welcome Back Kotter ." That\'s how I\'d describe this show about a cool girl who terrorized her classmates in high school, and has ', 'Diamond found work on reality TV. He delivered a knockout performance in the ring on "Celebrity Boxing" against " Welcome Back ,  Kotter " star Ron Palilo but wasn\'t quite as successful at unpacking the pounds on "Celebrity Fit Club." Dustin Diamond ', 'bobby-soxers, starring  John Travolta  and Olivia Newton-John look at them then and now:  John Travolta /Danny Zuko  John Travolta  as Danny and now He can dance from his years on sitcom " Welcome Back Kotter " and his starring role in ', 'The obvious answer is branding," said Lazar, whose production house, Mad Chance, is also working on a " Welcome Back ,  Kotter " remake for 2009. "With big budget movies, you just can\'t take the risk anymore. And one way to minimize ', 'you know what part  Ron Palillo  wants to play in Ice Cube\'s new version of " Welcome Back ,  Kotter ," raise your hand show that featured  Gabe Kaplan  as a Brooklyn high school teacher and  John Travolta  as the ringleader of ', 'coverage, most of it involving variations on " Welcome Back ,  Kotter ." In fact, there are some major back stories re-edits by enterprising young hacker/producers.  Welcome back ,  Kotter , indeed This work is the opinion of the columnist ', 'That was  gabe kaplan . He wasn\'t heartthrob, like  john travolta . But any fan of " welcome back kotter ," could the time " welcome back kotter " went off of the " welcome back kotter " cast monday,  john travolta  said, ron ', 'name again? Horshack. Arnold horshack. Reporter: He wasn\'t the star. That was gabe kaplan . He wasn\'t the heartthrob, like john travolta . But any fan of " welcome back kotter ," could tell you all about arnold horshack. I\'m arnold horshack. Reporter: He was the sweat hog. Insistent, ingratiating, and impossible to ignore. Hey, vinny. Reporter: Ron was 30 years old by the time " welcome back kotter " went off the air in 1979. He battled years of depression to resurrect his acting career. He was a teacher in florida. He did not attend the reunion of the " welcome back kotter " cast. We love each other. There\'s an honest affection in our group. Reporter: In a statement released monday, john travolta said, ron was a wonderful person and talent. And helped catapult " welcome back kotter " to great success. We\'ll miss him. After they made me, they broke the mold. Reporter: Ron was 63 years old. He lives ', 'apparent heart attack and someone New Jersey. He played the Jewish Puerto Rican student one Epstein and show about a Brooklyn high school. He was cast along with the young  John Travolta  as part of a group of students known as the strike', 'about a Brooklyn high school. He was cast along with the young John Travolta as part of a group of students known as the strike -- ', 'beauty barber Well clearly knows eight years. Sunday night  John Travolta  and the rest of the welcome back But hugs and off reunite and they were serious. But from Robert hedges is Epstein  Lawrence Hilton Jacobs  is boom boom Washington it was clear this sitcom was the ', 'beauty barber -- Well clearly knows -- eight years. Sunday night -- John Travolta and the rest of the welcome back -- -- But hugs and off reunite for a 35 anniversary tribute fund -- CD ', "hugs generated record releases its. Starting in 1976. With  John Travolta  single letter in. John 1976 that's your first single isn't of its initial run but for a new generation like perhaps  John Travolta 's baby boy. This is my place and these are my people ", "The -- hugs generated -- record releases its. Starting in 1976. With John Travolta single letter in. John 1976 that's your first single isn't. -- actually. An article in time magazine letters it was what would ", "fans of its initial run but for a new generation like perhaps John Travolta's baby boy. This is my place and -- these are my people. And if so this show today -- Benjamin's something my ", "greatest comes to must reunions just June but it's one Epstein and Freddie who. Washington was and anybody we know himself  John Travolta . Starting Monday there live TV reunions. Only Good Morning America on ABC. That is going to be so much fun we have that ", 'Epstein and Freddie who. Washington was -- and anybody we know himself John Travolta . -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- Starting Monday there live TV reunions. Only -- Good Morning America on ABC. ']