['the Fort Worth Star-Telegram Wednesday .  Anna Chlumsky \'s Banner Week Boasts New Baby, Emmy Nod The " Veep " actress might find it difficult to top Thursday for her role in the HBO show " Veep ."', 'as Olivia Pope on ABC\'s hit series "Scandal." And  Anna Chlumsky , who became a first-time mom last week with the birth Penelope, became a first-time nominee for her role on " Veep ." A Milestone for Robin Roberts Robin Roberts received ', 'Photo credit: Rob Kim/WireImage/Getty Images) " Veep " star  Anna Chlumsky  has certainly had an exciting week. The former child nod this morning, for her role in the HBO show, " Veep ." "It\'s hard to tell. Even the color of her eyes ', 'Louie," \'\'Modern Family," \'\' Veep " and "30 Rock," recognized for for "Parks and Recreation" and  Julia Louis - Dreyfus , who claimed the trophy last year for " Veep ." Most of the 2012 trophy holders ', 'Rock," NBC; " Veep ," HBO. Miniseries 30 Rock," NBC;  Julia Louis - Dreyfus , " Veep ," HBO. Supporting Night Live," NBC;  Tony Hale , " Veep ," HBO. Supporting 30 Rock," NBC;  Anna Chlumsky , " Veep ," HBO. Actor ', 'The Big Bang Theory  Veep  Outstanding Lead Actress Lena Dunham, Girls  Julia Louis - Dreyfus ,  Veep  Laura Dern, Enlightened Saturday Night Live  Tony Hale ,  Veep  Outstanding Supporting Krakowski, 30 Rock  Anna Chlumsky ,  Veep  Outstanding Drama ', 'Arrested Development," " Veep ," "Girls" "New believes HBO\'s " Veep " has the best traction Predicted Nominees:  Julia Louis - Dreyfus , " Veep "; Tina Fey, "30 betting, I would say  Julia Louis - Dreyfus ," Wilson said ', 'Washington. PHOTOS: White House Correspondents\' Dinner 2013 It was the one night out of 364 when stars like " Veep \'s"  Julia Louis - Dreyfus , "Modern Family\'s" Sofia Vergara and "Scandal\'s" Tony Goldwyn took the red carpet as guests of the ', 'lunch at the White House today with  Julia Louis - Dreyfus , who plays Vice President Selina Meyer in HBO\'s " Veep ," an aide told ABC News. Louis-Dreyfus premiere of the second season of " Veep " held at the Washington, DC office ', 'life as much as on SNL pretend life. It\'s a fun, fun segment." Lightning Round: Q: Favorite show? A: " Veep .  Julia Louis - Dreyfus  on HBO." Q: Guilty pleasure? A: "My guilty pleasure is spending a large part of the weekend in bed-even ', 'from "My Girl." Well now,  Anna Chlumsky , the actress who played Vada Girl" to "my mommy." The " Veep " star confirmed to People magazine a starring role in HBO\'s " Veep " alongside  Julia Louis - Dreyfus . Chlumsky and So married in ', 'the Loop\': We\'re still waiting on the DVD Edition of  Armando Iannucci \'s (See: HBO\'s " VEEP ") Anglo-American farce to be translated from its original ', 'made out of actual beetles. 6:02 p.m. ET: For  Julia Louis - Dreyfus , this Globes is extra special - today is her 52nd birthday and she\'s up for best actress in a TV comedy for " Veep ." "Today I\'m either a year older & I\'m gonna lose ', 'Julia Louis - Dreyfus , Anna Chumsky, Frank Rich lend some VP "advice" to Romney.', 'Julia Louis - Dreyfus , Anna Chumsky, Frank Rich lend some VP "advice" to Romney.', "vice president, in hbo's new show. Please welcome,  anna chlumsky . . Hi. Thanks for being here. Thank you. So, we're characters cheap of staff. How would you describe julia's  veep ? I think she's a politician that found herself in less ", 'of staff for the vice president, in hbo\'s new show. Please welcome, anna chlumsky . . Hi. Thanks for being here. Thank you. So, we\'re loving "deep" on hbo. It\'s a slight departure from "my girl." Indeed. ', 'Reporter: Just look at the tv show " veep ." Did the president call? No. No. Reporter:  Julia louis - dreyfus  plays a v.P. With almost nothing a new phenomenon. The very first  veep  dramatized on the hbo series "john ', 'Get no respect. No respect. Reporter: Just look at the tv show " veep ." Did the president call? No. No. Reporter: Julia louis - dreyfus plays a v.P. With almost nothing to do. Reporter: It\'s not a new phenomenon. The very first veep dramatized on the hbo series "john adams" put it best. I am vice president, yes, and in this I am nothing, but ', 'poehler is going to win for "parks and rec," even though her show is not nominated elsewhere. You can see  julia louis - dreyfus  for " veep ." If you had to pick one, who do you think will take it home? Reporter: I think it\'s ed o\'neill\'s ', 'rec," even though her show is not nominated elsewhere. You can see julia louis - dreyfus for " veep ." If you had to pick one, who do you think will take it home? Reporter: I think it\'s ed o\'neill\'s year. I ', 'Zooey deschanel, lena dunham. Edie falco. Tina fay.  Julia louis - dreyfus . melissa McCarthy. And amy poehler. Alec baldwin your enthusiasm. Girls. Modern family. 30 rock. And  veep . Kerry, jimmy, thank you so much for your participation ', 'in a comedy series. Zooey deschanel, lena dunham. Edie falco. Tina fay. Julia louis - dreyfus . melissa McCarthy. And amy poehler. Alec baldwin, 30 rock. Don cheadle, house of lies. Louis c.K., Louis. Jon cryer, "two and half ']