["A pair of heated Western Conference rivals will clash on Saturday as the San Jose Earthquakes welcome the Seattle Sounders to Buck Shaw Stadium.San Jose enters Saturday's tilt struggling, sitting in eighth place in the Western Conference on 21 points and riding a two-match losing streak.Last time out, a depleted San Jose team which was missing several key players due to international duty and injuries fell to the New England Revolution by a 2-0 score at Gillette Stadium.New England opened the scoring last Saturday in the 13th minute as Saer Sene started the sequence with a shot that 'Quakes goalkeeper Jon Busch was able to punch away. But the ball found its way back to Sene, who wheeled and fired a rocket on the turn that found the top-right corner of the net.The opening goal seemed to stun the Earthquakes and they struggled to generate many quality scoring chances as the Revs added a second goal 12 minutes from time to put the result to bed.Lee Nguyen sent a low cross into the six-yar...", 'Go ahead and call it the Redeem Team. Because five years after USA Basketball sent the biggest NBA names it could round up to the Beijing Olympics to restore its rep...', "Jozy Altidore's scored a goal in his fourth consecutive international match to help push the United States men's national team to a 1-0 World Cup qualifying victory ...", 'As goaltender Tim Howard looks out from in front of the U.S. net, he likes what he sees: the scoring of striker Jozy Altidore, the ball control of the midfielders an...', 'Tim Howard is a talker. Hunching his tightly toned body forward in a fauteuil of the weirdly Versailles-esque Grand America Hotel on the eve of the United States men...', "U.S. coach Jurgen Klinsmann has made four changes to his lineup for Sunday's exhibition game against Germany, starting right back Brad Evans, central defender Matt B...", 'Klinsmann adds Seattle MF Evans to roster for US training camp ahead of World Cup qualifiers', "Seattle Sounders midfielder Brad Evans will join the U.S. men for a training camp ahead of next month's trio of World Cup qualifiers.Evans was added to the roster Tu...", 'Estados Unidos llega a la quinta jornada del hexagonal final de la Concacaf del Mundial de Brasil 2014 con el objetivo de sumar su tercer triunfo y, de paso, quedars...', 'Obafemi Martins scored a goal in each half to lead Seattle Sounders FC to a 2-0 win over struggling D.C. United at CenturyLink Field on Wednesday.Martins opened the ...', "The Colorado Rapids will aim to extend their winning streak in league play to three consecutive matches on Sunday when the club hosts D.C. United at Dick's Sporting ...", "Brad Evans'  stoppage-time goal lifts US over Jamaica 2-1 in World Cup qualifier", 'Brad Evans scored in the second minute of second-half stoppage time, giving the U.S. a thrilling 2-1 win over Jamaica at Kingston on Friday night that solidified the...', 'Brad Evans  goes from being left off US roster to the star after game-winning goal in Jamaica', "When the United States first released its roster for a stretch of three World Cup qualifying matches in less than two weeks, Brad Evans' name was absent.Five days pa...", "Oh so close to a big win on the road, the United States gave up Jermaine Beckford's tying goal in the 89th minute. It appeared as though another trip to Jamaica woul...", "The United States men's national team negotiated a winding and rocky road in the last month, culminating in a 1-0 win against Honduras on Tuesday. And at the end of ..."]