['as Bronze Tiger. He\'ll form an alliance with China White, the alabaster-haired villainess played by Kelly Hu. " True Blood " and "Southland" actor Kevin Alejandro will portray Sebastian Blood, a savvy politician based on the "New Teen Titans ', 'Temps are going back to their roots on " True Blood ." The Saturday presentation at Comic-Con for HBO\'s " True Blood " kicked off with a trailer teasing the Online: http://www.hbo.com/ true - blood', 'as Bronze Tiger. He\'ll form an alliance with China White, the alabaster-haired villainess played by Kelly Hu. " True Blood " actor Kevin Alejandro will portray Sebastian Blood, a savvy politician based on the "New Teen Titans" baddie Brother ', 'The sex-crazed supernatural residents of Bon Temps are going back to their roots on " True Blood ." The Saturday presentation at Comic-Con for the campy HBO vampire series kicked off with a trailer teasing the remaining episodes ', 'a rare weather phenomenon. 10. WHO WAS SNUBBED AT EMMY NOMINATIONS Perennial nominees Julianna Margulies, Michael C. Hall and Jon Cryer were shut out. AMC\'s "The Walking Dead" and HBO\'s " True Blood " were apparently too edgy.', 'announced Thursday. HBO\'s magnificent "Treme"? Jilted yet again. Same for AMC\'s "The Walking Dead" and HBO\'s " True Blood ." They just seem to freak out Emmy judges. Showtime\'s "Dexter" was shut out, too, with no Emmy love lost on Michael ', 'hand to tease upcoming seasons, including returning fan-favorites "The Walking Dead," \'\'Game of Thrones," \'\' True Blood " and "Once Upon a Time," as well as new shows like "The Vampire Diaries" spin-off "The Originals," android ', 'Page retweeted the post, and added, "Canadian tuxedo party," a nod to the fact that in the shot, she and the " True Blood " star are both wearing denim. The two were first spotted out together last summer, when they attended the Stanley ', 'Spotted Around Town: Victoria Beckham Celebrates Her Birthday, Neil Patrick Harris Has Drinks With Friends-And More!', "on home video. It did better than Game of Thrones ,  True Blood  , and The Office The Bible trumps them all. That's family-friendly entertainment that's easy to digest. Sorry,  True Blood  . VeggieTales VeggieTales is a series about anthropomorphic ", "this isn't the only time this has happened. During  True Blood  , I'm all of a sudden really OK with nudity, and blood neurotic ridiculous obsession. When I finish an episode of  True Blood  or Friday Night Lights I'm so happy to not exist in ", 'creativity, so the design process of creating a couture dress made of gold was thrilling." The dress will make its debut at the Tribeca Film Festival for the premiere of a short film starring " True Blood \'s" Joe Manganiello on April 18.', "McCaffrey here today. Hey I love that they are you very much so much for coming sharing with not enough feedback you're  true blood . Yeah. equivalent of blah yeah right guys thank you song", "for coming sharing with not enough feedback -- -- -- you're -- true blood . Yeah. -- equivalent of blah yeah right guys thank you song -- -- ", "we ever hear day. Hey I love that they you very much so much for coming sharing with not enough feedback and you want  true blood . yeah. I don't really excited about doing it. All right so do we have to and. Begged for Dow had a day after the ", "for coming sharing with not enough feedback and -- -- you want true blood . -- yeah. -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- I don't really excited about -- -- ", 'Alexander Skarsgard talks to Peter Travers about season six of the hit HBO show.', 'heated up the screens of "dancing with the stars" and " true blood ." And now on the new tv show "necessary roughness contestant of course, anna paquin, you would know her from " true blood ." You\'re not a vampire if you haven\'t done the ', 'next guest heated up the screens of "dancing with the stars" and " true blood ." And now on the new tv show "necessary roughness" everybody welcome mechad brooks. all right. For the record, I just want to ', 'The second contestant of course, anna paquin, you would know her from " true blood ." You\'re not a vampire if you haven\'t done the vampire teeth just one. And we\'ll have an ab-off. You or janet jackson. ', "You can Google You. Victorian England. He didn't trust. Can understand. And you're gonna make we would keep it. Impeached current Cheats court to be your first Let me. Even. Eating way. Hi everybody I'm Peter Travers and the popcorn will we tell you what's happening in pop culture and yet. Bigger", "that. You know and it's just you know look at album titles and everybody knows about green Walking Dead Star Trek  true blood  and most people don't know that they have. I want it to me legally Walking Dead accidentally as a and that's the ", "album titles and everybody knows about green -- Walking Dead Star Trek true blood and most people don't know that they have. I want it to me legally -- Walking Dead -- accidentally as a -- "]