['Julia Louis - Dreyfus , Anna Chumsky, Frank Rich lend some VP "advice" to Romney.', 'Julia Louis - Dreyfus , Anna Chumsky, Frank Rich lend some VP "advice" to Romney.', "vice president, in hbo's new show. Please welcome,  anna chlumsky . . Hi. Thanks for being here. Thank you. So, we're characters cheap of staff. How would you describe julia's  veep ? I think she's a politician that found herself in less ", 'of staff for the vice president, in hbo\'s new show. Please welcome, anna chlumsky . . Hi. Thanks for being here. Thank you. So, we\'re loving "deep" on hbo. It\'s a slight departure from "my girl." Indeed. ', 'Reporter: Just look at the tv show " veep ." Did the president call? No. No. Reporter:  Julia louis - dreyfus  plays a v.P. With almost nothing a new phenomenon. The very first  veep  dramatized on the hbo series "john ', 'Get no respect. No respect. Reporter: Just look at the tv show " veep ." Did the president call? No. No. Reporter: Julia louis - dreyfus plays a v.P. With almost nothing to do. Reporter: It\'s not a new phenomenon. The very first veep dramatized on the hbo series "john adams" put it best. I am vice president, yes, and in this I am nothing, but ', 'poehler is going to win for "parks and rec," even though her show is not nominated elsewhere. You can see  julia louis - dreyfus  for " veep ." If you had to pick one, who do you think will take it home? Reporter: I think it\'s ed o\'neill\'s ', 'rec," even though her show is not nominated elsewhere. You can see julia louis - dreyfus for " veep ." If you had to pick one, who do you think will take it home? Reporter: I think it\'s ed o\'neill\'s year. I ', 'Zooey deschanel, lena dunham. Edie falco. Tina fay.  Julia louis - dreyfus . melissa McCarthy. And amy poehler. Alec baldwin your enthusiasm. Girls. Modern family. 30 rock. And  veep . Kerry, jimmy, thank you so much for your participation ', 'in a comedy series. Zooey deschanel, lena dunham. Edie falco. Tina fay. Julia louis - dreyfus . melissa McCarthy. And amy poehler. Alec baldwin, 30 rock. Don cheadle, house of lies. Louis c.K., Louis. Jon cryer, "two and half ']