["It's great back with us right now she can't let her all of the ballroom with her partner trips that and they made it through. Eight weeks eight tough weeks of rehearsals triumph for the overlooking port of talking to them in just a moment. Right there in LA but first here's a look at the highlights", 'what who is here today. Now we reveal the first dancers. Olympic gold medal figure skater dorothy hamill and  tristan MacMANUS . Good to see you again. Good to see you both. Some fancy ma moving. Well, we were -- one week away. You have ', 'reveal the first dancers. Olympic gold medal figure skater dorothy hamill and tristan MacMANUS . Good to see you again. Good to see you both. Some fancy ma moving. Well, we were -- one week away. You ', "Pamela anderson and  tristan MacMANUS . And here's a look at their short journey. The all-star the very least. One-half of the love connection joins us,  tristan MacMANUS . It's tough to leave that early, huh? I'll tell you ", "Pamela anderson and tristan MacMANUS . And here's a look at their short journey. The all-star couple with the lowest overall combined total is pamela and tristan. Reporter: ", "here, at the very least. One-half of the love connection joins us, tristan MacMANUS . It's tough to leave that early, huh? I'll tell you. I guess thedds were stacked against you all. Pamela was the only ", 'We have that one, too. I have an -- show some "dancing with the stars" right now. You see pam anderson and  tristan MacMANUS , THEY WERE VOTED OFF. The competition is so tough. Almost everyone is a winner or finalist. They got booted off ', 'some "dancing with the stars" right now. You see pam anderson and tristan MacMANUS , THEY WERE VOTED OFF. The competition is so tough. Almost everyone is a winner or finalist. They got booted off? Already, yeah. ', 'emmitt. Sorry drew lachey. And gilles marini as well. And pamela anderson will dance with handsome and adorable  tristan MacManus . Such an adorable pair. And joey fatone is headed into the ballroom with kym I like that too. Brit toll palin ', 'marini as well. And pamela anderson will dance with handsome and adorable tristan MacManus . Such an adorable pair. And joey fatone is headed into the ballroom with kym I like that too. Brit toll palin does ']