["Tom Lehman and Bruce Vaughan shot 7-under 65 on Friday to share the first-round lead in the Champions Tour's season-opening Mitsubishi Electric Championship.Lehman, ...", 'PGA TOUR - THE MCGLADREY CLASSIC - Seaside The PGA Tour returns to Georgia this week for The McGladrey Classic.This will be the second year of the tournament, and in...', 'Was it great? Not really. Was it good? Sure. Was it an improvement? It seemed that way, yes.Tiger Woods made his first-ever appearance in a Fall Series event over th...', 'John Cook and Tom Lehman finished atop the leaderboard at Hualalai to open the 2011 Champions Tour season. The rest of the year went pretty much the same way with ea...', 'There is plenty of evidence that this is a Ryder Cup year.The U.S. players are starting to earn points from regular PGA Tour events, with Kyle Stanley atop the stand...', 'Brad Faxon was declared the winner of the Insperity Championship on Sunday when heavy rain forced the cancellation of the final round.The tournament was shortened to...', "Say Tiger Woods' name around his PGA Tour colleagues, and the reactions are swift and varied.From Mark Calcavecchia, there was disappointment.Chris DiMarco, concern....", "While we don't know what Tiger Woods will say at his press conference today (11 a.m. ET, streaming live from FOXSports.com), but a fellow golfer says he knows who wi...", 'By John NestorCROMWELL, Connecticut (Reuters) - Briton Justin Rose had another five-birdie run at TPC River Highlands and opened up a four-shot lead at the Travelers...', "Say Tiger Woods' name around his PGA Tour colleagues, and the reactions are swift and varied.From Mark Calcavecchia , there was disappointment.Chris DiMarco, concern...", 'Tournaments on three continents this week could go a long way toward deciding who gets in the U.S. Open. The top 50 in the world ranking published Monday are exempt ...', 'Mike "Fluff" Cowan is going back to the Ryder Cup , a competition that has changed since he caddied in his first one 25 years ago at The Belfry.The competition is as...', 'When President Bush turned 60 last year, the milestone garnered interest around the globe. On Friday, he turned a year older, but to much less notice.Bush celebrated...', 'Sabbatini and Uresti share first-round lead at rain-delayed Turning Stone Championship', "VERONA, N.Y.Rory Sabbatini and Omar Uresti have retained their one-shot lead at the Turning Stone Resort Championship.Both shot 7-under 65s in Thursday's rain-delaye...", 'Ramifications for Woods and his sport unfoldingSaturday, December 12, 2009 By DOUG FERGUSON, AP Golf WriterPrintStewart Cink was at a birthday party when he learned ...']