['who turns 82 six days after the premiere. Executive producer Michael Davies, who worked with Philbin on " Who Wants to Be a Millionaire ," insists the octogenarian fits in just fine with a company known for attracting younger audiences. Davies ', 'the guest stint. Her five-episode appearance as the  millionaire  widow Helena Cassadine culminated with her putting a the same role played by Sally Struthers in 2002.) 4.  Meredith Vieira  In 2002,  Meredith Vieira , then the host of "The View," played the madam of ', 'She gave birth to daughter Jett Ling Song on March 8.  Meredith Vieira  One of the original co-hosts, Vieira, who came from while continuing to host the syndicated game show " Who Wants to Be a Millionaire ." Though she left "Today" in 2011, she continues ', "Acid Attack Victim Speaks Out -- Will Use TV 'Millionaire' Money for More Surgery", 'attack victim who went on India\'s version of " Who Wants to Be a Millionaire " to win big, told ABCNews.com she plans Banega Crorepati," the Indian version of " Who Wants to Be a Millionaire ," the same show that was the centerpiece of ', 'THE DISNEY/ABC TELEVISION GROUP RAISES MORE THAN$16.8 MILLION DURING ITS DAY OF GIVING, A NATIONAL CALL TO ACTION SPANNING NEWS, DAYTIME, PRIMETIME, LATE NIGHT, SYNDICATION, CABLE, ONLINE AND STORES', 'Stations, "The View," "The Chew," "LIVE with Kelly and Michael," "Katie," "General Hospital," " Who Wants To Be A Millionaire ," "World News with Diane Sawyer," "Dancing with the Stars," "Nightline," Jimmy Kimmel Live ', '"What Would You Do?" Featuring "Millionaire " Host Meredith Vieira  Airs Friday, October 19, 9PM', 'scenario with " Who Wants To Be A Millionaire " host  Meredith Vieira . Using hidden make them a  millionaire . So what it all?  Meredith Vieira  , the Emmy-award host of " Who Wants To Be A Millionaire ," joins ', "Parenthood Regis Philbin Live with Regis and Kathie Lee, Live with Regis and Kelly, The Joey Bishop Show,  Who Wants To Be A Millionaire ? Gavin Polone Curb Your Enthusiasm, Jane By Design, My Boys, Gilmore Girls Shonda Rhimes Scandal, Grey's ", 'Disney/ABC Forms New Daytime Programming and Development Unit, Times Square Studios', 'transcribed until September 12th. In the News Charles Ingram wins one million pounds on the U.K. version of " Who Wants to Be a Millionaire ?," only to have the payout suspended later when he is accused of cheating by having his wife and an accomplice ', "punches Gary Williams con man named Hannibal. Stand on the threshold of started walking over nearly 500 dollars.  Meredith Vieira  that hosted the view that played the madam of an upscale prostitution ring and he didn't just work for me. Grocery husband. Elizabeth Taylor was a self proclaimed super who asked the show bring gas Her five episode appearance as a  millionaire  widow Elaine it a dying. Culminated with her the first time during their wedding. Did you guys become close you ", "Hannibal. Stand on the threshold of started walking over nearly 500 dollars. Meredith Vieira that -- hosted the view that played the madam of an upscale prostitution ring and he didn't just work for me. Grocery ", "to deal in nineteen Sharon wants  millionaire  hair and other contestants who should the We're boldly looking to their competition for answers while I wanna be a  millionaire  so would you let them get away with a we'll either go carrier ", "-- to deal in nineteen Sharon wants -- millionaire hair and other contestants who should -- the -- We're boldly TV plus two or even looking to their competition for answers while I wanna be a millionaire so would you let them get away with a we'll either go carrier ring tonight and Friday its powers -- -- we ", 'frigging are two different words with two distinct pronunciations. This couple lost $800,000. On abc\'s " who wants to be a millionaire  jts this guy lost when he guessed lake huron was the second biggest great lake. He was right. He was brought ', "different words with two distinct pronunciations. This couple lost $800,000. On abc's who wants to be a millionaire jts this guy lost when he guessed lake huron was the second biggest great lake. He was right. He was brought back ", 'internet hordes. And fox admitted a research error and offered them another shot. Season one of abc\'s " who wants to be a millionaire ," this guy guessed huron is the second biggest great lake. Computer said he was wrong. David, I\'m sorry ', 'a research error and offered them another shot. Season one of abc\'s who wants to be a millionaire ," this guy guessed huron is the second biggest great lake. Computer said he was wrong. David, I\'m sorry. It was lake michigan. ', 'far would you go to win on " who wants to be a millionaire "? Would you cheat? It is Everybody wants to be a  millionaire  here? Yeah. Terrific. This test. I just want to be a  millionaire . It\'s stressful. I don\'t ', 'to a big question. How far would you go to win on who wants to be a millionaire "? Would you cheat? It is a jaw-dropping "what would you do?" And john quinones has the story. John? Reporter: Thousands of hopefuls ', "life swung Don millionaires she'll Maher is the first person ever to win one million dollars on India's  Who Wants To Be a Millionaire ? game show. Kumar earns 120 dollars a month as a government worker. He's still used his wings to take ", "is the first person ever to win one million dollars on India's Who Wants To Be a Millionaire ? game show. Kumar earns 120 dollars a month as a government worker. He's still used his wings to take any civil service ", "a row that did one year now when you're not get picked up. It was a tough time for the network I think  Who Wants To Be a Millionaire ? was running report a two week. So Terry I had a conversation on the pilot that it was a shame nobody is ", 'picked up. It was a tough time for the network I think Who Wants To Be a Millionaire ? was running report -- a two week. So Terry I had a conversation on the pilot that it was a shame nobody ']