['Game-show legend joins co-host Vanna White in giving "GMA" a tour of their traveling set.', 'his early days and  wheel of fortune . In an interview with and liquid lunches  Vanna White . Turns a piece of third in Hollywood  wheel of fortune  host pat made a shocking have you ever done  wheel of fortune  a little bit drunk ', "waves this morning -- those new revelations about his early days and wheel of fortune . In an interview with our sister network ESPN's agent had some fun talking about his long -- and liquid lunches -- Vanna White . Turns a piece of tape some shows after more than a few margaritas. And ABC's David Wright has the details. Who is Mexican spirit three consonants or valves. Now causing quite this third in Hollywood wheel of fortune host pat -- -- -- made a shocking revelation. -- -- When -- behind the wheel. Of the most popular syndicated game show on television. -- police sobriety is optional have you ever done wheel of fortune a little bit drunk. Yes about it TV and -- cute pat say Jack confessing to ESPN. Headed. The -- looks Archos ", 'Thank you, george. The million-dollar winner. On " wheel of fortune ." Her name, autumn. She beat the odds to win the mind. Just a letter will appear? You and I will be  vanna white . This is a phrase. No wild cards. Can I get a "g ', 'don\'t mind. Just a letter will appear? You and I will be vanna white . This is a phrase. No wild cards. Can I get a "g"? An a. Oh, there\'s an "m." It\'s blank, blank, blank, ', 'involved blood. Does involve the  wheel of fortune  right just when involves pat say Jack and  Vanna White  be longtime team of  wheel of fortune  Jack tells our colleague that ', "don't worry this story is not involved -- blood. Does involve the wheel of fortune right -- just when involves pat say Jack and Vanna White be longtime team of wheel of fortune -- Jack tells our colleague that he ESPN two that in the show's early days. Heat and light years since without between ", 'Webcast: Deadly Weekend for U.S. Troops; Shuttle Damage; Remembering Merv Griffin ', 'mourning the loss of is alleged  Merv Griffin  singer songwriter and actor was best known as the host of the  Merv Griffin  Show. The on daytime TV for more of hit game shows jeopardy and  wheel of fortune . had been suffering from prostate ', 'him into surrendering. Hollywood is mourning the loss of -- is alleged Merv Griffin singer songwriter and actor was best known as the host of the Merv Griffin Show. The -- on daytime TV for more than twenty years. If it was also an avid game player which led to a new career as the creator of hit game shows jeopardy and wheel of fortune . -- had been suffering from prostate cancer he was 82 years old. Finally an appetizing apparition a family noted that -- in ', "Game show host pat say Jack admits he wasn't always sober while hosting  wheel of fortune . In an interview on ESPN's highly questionable with it and hard. They got revealed that in the early days of wheeled him in ", "show host pat say Jack admits he wasn't always sober while hosting wheel of fortune . In an interview on ESPN's highly questionable with it and -- -- hard. They got revealed that in the early days of ", 'Finally, tonight, the " wheel of fortune " winner who watched it all slip away in a second. She Behind the bonhomie, it\'s a tightly controlled medium.  Pat sajak  chief of the persnickety pronunciation police just confirmed ', "rig a game show. Behind the bonhomie, it's a tightly controlled medium. Pat sajak chief of the persnickety pronunciation police just confirmed. Renee knew it would happen. And it was kind of easy to do because ", 'problems. Win. Pat father game show and perhaps talk show  Merv Griffin . Has died at the age of 82. One of his first creations  wheel of fortune  my favorite game show now the longest running game show ', "-- -- Pat -- father game show and perhaps talk show -- Merv Griffin . Has died at the age of 82. One of his first creations wheel of fortune my favorite game show -- now the longest running game show on syndicated television. I'd like to -- it's been. In crazy "]