['Stacy London and Clinton Kelly reveal crucial fashion tips as their show ends its 10-year run.', "She's been transforming wardrobes and telling us  what not to Wear  for ten years helping women of all shapes and sizes the show coming to an end this summer style expert  Stacy London  is taking on a new cause it is very personal to her ", "She's been transforming wardrobes and telling us what not to Wear for ten years helping women of all shapes and sizes. And -- not just their looks but also their lives as well. With the show coming to an end this summer style expert Stacy London is taking on a new cause it is very personal to her and she's here to talk to us about it now ", "We turn to famous fashion east  Stacy London  from  TLC 's what not to where she's here today to tell us all are being an Alley the perfect name for a stylist news  Stacy London  park RI KI it is real I swear I got out here. Congratulations ", "We turn -- to famous fashion east Stacy London from TLC's what not to where she's here today to tell us all about her latest project. Some trendy tips on how we can pull up pierced -- without sacrificing comfort for fashion. I still think they are being an Alley the -- perfect name for a stylist news Stacy London park RI KI it is real I swear I got out here. Congratulations on the eighth season hear what not to -- ", 'good. We\'ll talk about that. We have two experts to voice their opinions in our celebrity fish bowl host of  tlc \'s " what not to wear " and the book. And let\'s welcome stace why london. And also, david alan grier. . Yeah. All right. Let\'s ', 'experts to voice their opinions in our celebrity fish bowl host of tlc\'s " what not to wear and the book. And let\'s welcome stace why london. And also, david alan grier. ', 'we love about  clinton kelly  on " what not to wear ," and "the you learn on " what not to wear ." These are mix and match.  Clinton kelly , so great on "the chew. " What not to wear ," tuesdays on  tlc . Today, it ', 'huh? That\'s true. It\'s like 20 bucks. The things you learn on " what not to wear ." These are great ideas, I have to say. You\'re longing very case middleton. All of them, mix and match. Clinton kelly , so great on "the chew. " What not to wear ," tuesdays on tlc . Today, it was all about what to ', 'sophisticated and sizzling.  Stacy london  will be here with her take more, we\'re joined by  stacy london , co-host of  tlc \'s " what not to wear ." Thank you for having lot softer. All right.  Stacy london , we love your hits, your ', 'america," chris connelly, abc news, los angeles. For more, we\'re joined by stacy london , co-host of tlc\'s " what not to wear ." Thank you for having me. I love the fact you have a true philosophy when it comes to red carpet dressing. Will ', 'the first time. Representing the female point of view is the host of  tlc \'s " what not to wear " and the author of upcoming book "the truth about style."  Stacy london  is with us. And from the male perspective. We have david alan grier ', 'first time. Representing the female point of view is the host of tlc\'s " what not to wear " and the author of upcoming book "the truth about style." Stacy london is with us. And from the male perspective. We have david alan grier. Come on out. . Hi. How are you? ', "Clinton Kelly  is the outspoken  TLC 's  what not to Wear  and after seven years on the air he's convinced that I think that you you know leftist president I want.  Clinton Kelly  three other fashion mistakes that you should never make ", "Clinton Kelly is the outspoken -- -- TLC's what not to Wear and after seven years on the air he's convinced that some of you still aren't listening. He's got -- -- -- -- ", 'help us with this, the cohost of "the chew" and " what not to wear ." And on the female side, she\'s from "chelsea blueberry caramel sticky buns from daphne oz. Then,  clinton kelly \'s working on those other buns -- his one secret ', 'wraps? To help us with this, the cohost of "the chew" and " what not to wear ." And on the female side, she\'s from "chelsea lately." Announcer: Today on "the chew" -- fire up the grill because we\'re putting insanely tasty combos on a bun. This hot dog is called the "wang ding." Announcer: From this popular dog that relishes in a barbeque asian blend -- to michael symon\'s savory salami egg sandwich. Plus, mario batali\'s double stacked meaty surprise. And gooey blueberry caramel sticky buns from daphne oz. Then, clinton kelly\'s working on those other buns -- his one secret to an instant booty lift. And it all kicks off right now on ', 'the things about work, I see this all the time on " what not to wear ." There\'s a fine line between personal choice and of course you get laid off. That\'s what happens.  What not to wear . No, I\'m serious. But -- this is serious. I ', 'of the things about work, I see this all the time on " what not to wear ." There\'s a fine line between personal choice and deciding you\'re going to work for a company that needs you to represent the ', "get too dark, of course you get laid off. That's what happens. What not to wear . No, I'm serious. But -- this is serious. I think that when you -- in terms of who sets the precedent at ", 'rigorously tested before they put their stamp of approval on it. Good to know. Now we\'re joined by carmindy of  tlc \'s  what not to wear . We love a good game here on "gma." Some of the truths or not so much. Will you put us to the tests? Absolutely ', 'approval on it. Good to know. Now we\'re joined by carmindy of tlc\'s what not to wear We love a good game here on "gma." Some of the truths or not so much. Will you put us to the ', "why no I brought in the you know we kept hearing Hannity here Desperate Housewives with us and the man who tells us  what .  Not to Wear  so while the Clinton camp and thank you both so very very much free thing to do so you couldn't would you would ", "Hannity here Desperate Housewives with us and the man who tells us what . Not to Wear so while the Clinton camp and thank you both so very very much free -- thing to do so you couldn't would ", 'cell phone. Earlier, we challenged carmindy from  tlc \'s " what not to wear " to grab three of our audience members and make them carmindy. Hi, how are you? I want to get right to it.  Tlc \'s "what not the wear." You are the guru. You ', 'it simply. Ma\'am, answer your cell phone. Earlier, we challenged carmindy from tlc\'s " what not to wear to grab three of our audience members and make them look ten years younger with tips in ten minutes. Ten years, ten minutes, I\'m in, everybody, please welcome carmindy. Hi, how are you? I want to get right to it. Tlc\'s "what not the wear." You are the guru. You, like me, have hit the big 4-0. With pride. What are your tricks? ', "everyone And what you do make up artist and you're with  TLC  in your show always talk about. About flawless and beautiful Carmen the is that a makeup artists from  TLC 's  what not to Wear  Jesus releases wonderful new book. He need makeup ", "possesses something that's beautiful Carmen the is that a makeup artists from TLC's what not to Wear Jesus releases wonderful new book. He need makeup. You know what not everybody needs to make up its you know that's -- ", "that would definitely. But the problem. answers we tracked down Clinton calendar he's host of the popular  TLC  show  what not to Wear . It's his job to tell people what's wrong with their fashion choices but it makes you wanna run away from ", "-- answers we tracked down Clinton calendar he's host of the popular TLC show what not to Wear . It's his job to tell people what's wrong with their fashion choices but it makes you wanna run away from this offends ", "they're doing. Yes folks you're the beauty salon and just bridge that communication gap and the best looks. From  TLC 's  what not to Wear  an is here and joining him 2007. Cosmetology junior style star. Carry she she all your own thing. I want to ", "just -- bridge that communication gap and -- the best looks. From TLC's what not to Wear an -- -- -- is here and joining him 2007. Cosmetology junior style star. Carry -- she she -- -- all your "]