["2011 SEASON IN REVIEW: Since Bret Bielema took over as head coach in 2006, Wisconsin has established itself as one of the perennial top dogs in the Big Ten. Coming off a Rose Bowl bid the previous season, the stakes were high for the Badgers in 2011, and they did not disappoint.They opened the campaign 6-0, which included a 48-17 thrashing of new Big Ten member Nebraska on Oct. 1. However, the Badgers' undefeated season hopes were spoiled with tough back-to-back road losses to Michigan State (37-31) and Ohio State (33-29). The setback to MSU came on a Hail Mary, and the very next week the OSU game was decided by the Buckeyes' 40-yard touchdown pass with 20 seconds on the clock. Rather than dwell on those losses, Wisconsin dug deep and ran the table with five straight wins. The last of those victories came against the Spartans in the inaugural Big Ten Championship game. The Badgers converted a 4th-and-6 on their final drive to complete the comeback and exact some revenge for their first...", "Panthers' Rivera knows he has to win now even though he hasn't been given ultimatum by owner", "Panthers owner Jerry Richardson doesn't need to remind coach Ron Rivera just how important winning in 2013 is to his future as an NFL head coach.He already knows.Riv...", 'Matt Bryant made a 40-yard field goal with five seconds remaining and the Atlanta Falcons stayed perfect with a 30-28 victory over the Carolina Panthers.Trailing 28-...', 'Panthers fire special teams coach Brian Murphy after giving up punt return for TD vs. Broncos', "Panthers special teams coordinator Brian Murphy on Monday became the latest casualty of Carolina's disappointing season.Coach Ron Rivera announced the Panthers (2-7)...", 'The Carolina Panthers have signed veteran punter Nick Harris.Harris punted in 11 games for the Jaguars last season. Jacksonville then released Harris after taking pu...', 'Cam Newton proved to be quite the entertainer, not to mention a pretty darn good quarterback, during a dazzling and historic pro debut.And if the electrifying young ...', 'A recap and analysis of how the NFC teams fared in the 2012 NFL Draft:NFC EASTDallas1 - Morris Claiborne, CB, Louisiana State (5-11, 188); 3 - Tyrone Crawford, DE, B...', "Cam Newton fumbled on Carolina's final possession and Seattle recovered, allowing the Seahawks to capture a 16-12 victory over the Panthers on the road.After Newton ...", 'Vince Young is out of work, Terrell Suggs is on PUP and several veteran NFL kickers are on the street after the first set of mandatory NFL cuts.Teams needed to be do...', '1 - Luke Kuechly, ILB, Boston College (6-3, 242); 2 - Amini Silatolu, OG, Midwestern State (6-4, 311); 4 - Frank Alexander, DE, Oklahoma (6-4, 270); 4 - Joe Adams, W...', 'The Carolina Panthers have signed all seven of their selections in the 2012 NFL Draft, headlined by first-rounder Luke Kuechly.The Panthers took the Boston College l...']