['They\'ve lived their whole lives together," said Prokh. "I like to take photos of them because I love them both."  Prince of Persia  Dreamers Bohemian Rhapsody by Cat The Jugglers War and ... ... and Peace Favorite Fairy Tales Accept a Draw Paint ', 'Jake Gyllenhaal transformed his body for the movie " Prince of Persia ," spending so many hours at the gym that he says he became addicted to working out, eventually injuring himself. Reality TV ', 'Sunday)? a) Clash of the Titans (Warner); b) Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows, Part 1 (Warner); c)  Prince of Persia : Sands of Time (Disney); d) Robin Hood (Universal); e) The Last Airbender (Paramount); f) The Twilight ', 'escape to an otherworldly realm? Sink your teeth into " Prince of Persia : The Sands of Time" and "The Twilight Saga: Eclipse uninitiated, three words: vampire love triangle. " Prince of Persia : The Sands of Time" opened May 28. The Twilight ', 'Director: Mike Newell Starring: Jake Gyllenhaal, Gemma Arterton, Ben Kingsley, Alfred Molina Synopsis: Based on the video game, which follows an adventurous prince who teams up with a rival princess to stop an angry ruler from unleashing a sandstorm that could destroy the world.', 'Forman\'s 1975 masterpiece. The film won 5 Oscars, including Best Picture and Best Actor for Nicholson. 2. " Prince of Persia : The Sands of Time": Jake Gyllenhaal and his gloriously tanned abs of steel star in this big-budget summer tentpole ', "Those interested in participating in the testing of the system can sign up on www.onlive.com .) Games such as  Prince of Persia  (Ubisoft), LEGO Batman (Warner) and Mirror's Edge (Electronic Arts) were among the 16 games to be shown ", "Those interested in participating in the testing of the system can sign up on www.onlive.com .) Games such as  Prince of Persia  (Ubisoft), LEGO Batman (Warner) and Mirror's Edge (Electronic Arts) were among the 16 games to be shown ", 'Even then, keeping track of how many bronze or golds you\'ve unlocked and whether you\'re a "wallrunner" in  Prince of Persia  or a "flyswatter" in Resistance 2 was impossible the moment you put down your gamepad and stepped away from Sony\'s ', 'harder in Ubisoft Montreal\'s  Prince of Persia . Or should we call it " Prince of Persia  Begins"? Either way, death recently gave it the boot, and now  Prince of Persia  gives it a pair of hands. Jump ', "to date. As the star of the epic action adventure  Prince of Persia  the sands of time. Good morning had nothing to ask right how fantastic. We have a clip showing in this  Prince of Persia  yes I think in some sort of a major stunt battle let's ", 'swashbuckling role to date. As the star of the epic action adventure Prince of Persia the sands of time. Good morning had nothing to ask. OK. Yeah. Kind of ultra UIUI do you see action figures -- ', "issue right how fantastic. We have a clip showing -- in this Prince of Persia yes I think in some sort of a major stunt battle let's take a -- aren't. -- ", "You can some sense change. The guaranteed. with my own eyes. Release signed turns back time. And holder of the is aware of what's happened. Needs attention and milk spends time. And then those who used his power to destroy to work and time Ramirez everything. In any way to stop these on again for", "movies right now it's called  Prince of Persia  the sands of time starring Jake look at some of the action in  Prince of Persia . I promised my brother can you problem here you are indeed the  Prince of Persia . running you're jumping you're ", "movies and a big adventure at the movies right now it's called Prince of Persia the sands of time starring Jake Gyllenhaal. Jake will be with us in just a minute and tell us all about -- daring do but first let's take a look at some of the action in Prince of Persia . I promised my brother can you if He couldn't have it. This edition -- kiss me. And then kill me. Jake ", "-- popcorn -- program every problem here you -- are indeed the Prince of Persia . -- running you're jumping you're falling fighting -- swords and even more difficult. You you get an English Jackson's death. -- -- ", "creek ski she would have is though even though He wanted to Prince of Persia you -- disappointment. Who came from god knows where -- just opted by the can't. That's what I like to story was ", "point. If Boston is a good board last year Bruckheimer hitting it dry spell with underwhelming US box office for  Prince of Persia . How about something like the sorcerer's apprentice that we missed and I can't tell exactly how we missed on ", "-- Bruckheimer hitting it dry spell with underwhelming US box office for Prince of Persia . How about something like the sorcerer's apprentice that we missed and I can't tell exactly how we missed on this time. For ", "what can happen in this it's this thing I want back in. Its One another big movie with a big star well we have  Prince of Persia  sands of time physical and that. sands of time starring Jake Gyllenhaal. He is giving the whole thing was the samples ", '-- One another big movie with a big star well we have Prince of Persia sands of time physical and -- that. -- sands of time starring Jake Gyllenhaal. He is giving -- the whole thing was ', "commercial led Bruckheimer to Hollywood this year he'll release the sorcerer's apprentice star Nicolas Cage. And the  Prince of Persia  the sands of time with Jake Gyllenhaal. likes making movies from games and comic books because they already have ", "this year he'll release the sorcerer's apprentice star Nicolas Cage. And the Prince of Persia the sands of time with Jake Gyllenhaal. -- likes making movies from games and comic books because they already have stories and ", "of prince the gorgeous reminds you of a watercolor painting. Not stand between us and the it's your princess and  Prince of Persia  you have. Expansion upon AI which is artificial intelligence and near teamed up with this character too might say ", "watercolor painting. Not stand between us and the it's your princess and Prince of Persia you have. Expansion upon AI which is artificial intelligence and near teamed up with this -- character too -- might say this "]