["tablet computers available for sale during the holiday season. Video Game Review: Skyrim Skyrim , the fifth game in  the Elder Scrolls  series, is a quest to defeat a Nordic dragon god. CNET's Dan Ackerman says what makes Skyrim different is its ", 'and PCs, rating pending) and Uncharted 3: Drake\'s Deception. Perhaps the fall\'s most time-consuming game will be  Elder Scrolls  V:Skyrim (Nov. 11 for PS3, Xbox 360 and PCs), the fantasy action role-playing game from Bethesda Softworks. "It ', "just that, while they'll continue to mature and expand their respective software libraries, they're not likely to steal the thunder from titles like Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 3,  The Elder Scrolls  V: Skyrim or RAGE just yet.", 'E3 2011: Gaming Expo in Los Angeles Awaits New Nintendo Wii; Xbox, PlayStation Get New Games', 'Thank blockbusters like the gritty sci-fi shooter "Gears of War 3" and the epic fantasy role-playing game " The Elder Scrolls  V: Skyrim" (a massive medieval world to explore through the eyes of a mighty, magic-wielding hero). There\'s ', 'speculating shamelessly.  Oblivion \'s been out for years now potentially there\'s a new  Elder Scrolls  title in 2010." "Potentially twinkle in Bethesda\'s eye.  The Elder Scrolls  V? Or my recent trip to said, I recently pulled  Oblivion  off the shelf for another actors. Okay, I get that  Oblivion \'s a Really Big Game and ', 'says executive producer Todd Howard of Bethesda Softworks, which created 2006 hit role-playing game  The Elder Scrolls IV :  Oblivion . "The player gets to explore a lot, as opposed to, \'Go here and get this.\' " Each game, Jones says ', "and journey through the Capital wasteland in search for him. Similar to Bethesda's medieval-inspired  The Elder Scrolls IV :  Oblivion , Fallout 3 is an open world role-playing game (RPG). You can explore the ruins of D.C. in any way ", 'expectations, repeatedly raised and dashed by stuff like Realms of Arkania, Dark Sun, Might & Magic, Wizardry, and  The Elder Scrolls : Arena. Blame as well the time I spent with my nose parked in musty Rolemaster books, pen and paper RPGs that ', 'out some big titles that are just around the corner from electronic arts and Nintendo. The newest installment of  the elder scrolls  franchise maybe one of the most highly anticipated games of the year and finally This year in written as a prisoner ', 'around the corner from electronic arts and Nintendo. The newest installment of the elder scrolls franchise maybe one of the most highly anticipated games of the year and finally -- This year in -- written -- as ', "reportedly has five million of the tablet computers available for sale. During the holiday season. Sky the fifth game in  the elder scrolls  series is a quest to defeat a nordic dragon god. Cnet's Dan Ackerman says what makes guy really unique is its ", "for sale. During the holiday season. Sky -- the fifth game in the elder scrolls series is a quest to defeat a nordic dragon god. Cnet's Dan Ackerman says what makes guy -- really unique is its "]