["Each day we'll bring you the very latest tabloid rumors as the biggest clubs around splash the cash to bolster their rosters. True or not, they're always entertainin...", 'The FA Cup returned at its tempestuous best this weekend, with the injection of Premier League teams into the Third Round. It was plain to see once more that the bea...', "Late goals by Tottenham's Mousa Dembele and Chelsea's Eden Hazard advanced the English clubs to the Europa League's third round on Thursday night, while Newcastle al...", 'Arsenal came from behind to beat Tottenham 5-2 in the Premier League on Saturday, seizing control of the north London derby after its former striker Emmanuel Adebayo...', 'Last year at Christmas, I was sitting in a park in Mayfair, London. Everything was closed. The tube was set to go on strike the next day, foiling anyone who wanted t...', "There is little mystery to Manchester United's longevity at the top. The 25 major trophies they have won since 1990 have a single common denominator: manager Sir Ale...", "Each day we'll bring you the very latest tabloid rumors as the biggest clubs around splash the cash to bolster their rosters. True or not, they're always entertainin...", "Men2012_Patrick Mullins, Maryland, F2011_Andrew Wenger, Duke, F2010_Darlington Nagbe, Akron, F2009_Teal Bunbury, Akron, F2008_Marcus Tracy, Wake Forest, F2007_O'Bria...", "Each day we'll bring you the very latest tabloid rumors as the biggest clubs around splash the cash to bolster their rosters. True or not, they're always entertainin...", "Edin Dzeko completed Manchester City's comeback against Tottenham on Sunday to win 2-1 and keep the pressure on Premier League leader Manchester United .Dzeko struck...", "Edin Dzeko completed Manchester City's comeback against Tottenham on Sunday, with the substitute's late goal clinching a 2-1 win that keeps the pressure on Premier L...", "Robin van Persie needed less than three minutes to remind his former team what it was missing on Saturday as the Dutchman scored the first goal in Manchester United'...", "Carlos Bocanegra was forever tired. Hungry too. And his workouts had frustratingly little effect. Three years into his professional career, he'd done well enough sin...", 'Standout U.S. soccer player Clint Dempsey moved from Fulham to Tottenham as national team captain Carlos Bocanegra was loaned from Glasgow Rangers to Racing Santande...', 'Though he had only been a professional soccer player for a matter of eight months, Kirk Urso had ties throughout the American soccer community. Former teammates, opp...', 'Juan Mata scored twice in three minutes and had a late assist, as Chelsea rallied for a 4-2 win over Tottenham on Saturday at White Hart Lane to remain unbeaten in t...']