['she said. She went to college for three years and then moved to New York, where she landed a role on the  soap opera  " As the World Turns " while pursuing musical theater. Her parents were finally at ease with her career choice when she got a ', 'grandchildren," she said. Houston Appeared on a  Soap Opera  In August 1984, Houston appeared on " As the World Turns " with Jermaine Jackson. They sang two duets, "Nobody ', 'including " As The World Turns ," "The Guiding acting world on " As the World Turns ." In 1985 City set of " As the World Turns ." In 1983 Cushing on the  soap opera . She dropped staying on " As the World Turns " until 1985 ', 'years on the air, "  As the World Turns  " comes to a screeching halt. The CBS  soap opera  made its debut in it would cancel " As the World Turns " on Sept. 17, 2010 decades on the air, " As the World Turns " launched a host ', 'of "Guiding Light," " As the World Turns " is the latest  soap opera  to get the axe. CBS announced Leahey, editorial director of  Soap Opera  Digest, said about "Guiding stars who used soaps like " As the World Turns " and others as a launching ', 'was never on "Battlestar Galactica," but was on " As the World Turns " for 10 years. I\'m as lost as you are. Galacticruise both the original and the good series, as well as the  soap opera  "All My Children," so he should have made everyone ', 'he he played Dr. Mark Toland on the  soap opera  "One Life to Live." Amy Ryan Ryan Jones, Ryan did a short stint on a  soap opera , playing a teenage runaway in " As the World Turns ."', 'A surprising claim yesterday from Democratic presidential frontrunner (except in Iowa) Sen. Hillary Clinton, D-NY, who said that she was "the face" of US foreign policy during her husband\'s presidential reign. Clinton didn\'t just mention the one time she was...', 'her career, Nicole Kidman played in an Australian  soap opera  called A Country Practice. She also waltzed with Bruce Diller made Marisa Tomei a "princess" on the soap  As The World Turns  back in 1983. Now, she is up for best supporting ', "as well as Martha Byrne of  As the World Turns  and last year's winner, Susan trounced Lucci for her role on  As the World Turns . David Canary won his fifth Best Soap Drama award went to  As the World Turns , giving the long-running ", 'As the world turns  its eyes toward Sydney, the International Olympic Committee is looking toward Greece home of the first Olympics and host of the ', 'as Volcano and Return to Paradise. Born in Ohio, she was discovered after a talent scout from the daytime drama  As The World Turns  spotted her in a high school play. She turned down an offer because she was just 15 years old and taking the job ', "taking care of those children of I would watch  as the world turns  his  soap opera  went from. My mother to my wife this president. That show still going to  as the world turns  this  soap opera . There's never going to and and I want ", "chores -- taking care of those children of -- I would watch as the world turns his soap opera went from. My mother to my wife this president. That show -- still going to as the world turns this soap opera . There's never going to and -- -- and I want everyone here in the senate to know that the negotiations that we ", "just hope she sticks around. Sticking around is exactly what so many soap haven't been able to do. Yes canceled  as the world turns  after more than seventy years extinguish guiding eight. Meanwhile NBC lost their passion for passions and another ", "what so many soap -- haven't been able to do. Yes canceled as the world turns after more than seventy years extinguish guiding -- eight. Meanwhile NBC lost their passion for passions and another world -- -- no ", "Michael park and Maura west from  as the world turns  were named best actor and actress and  soap opera . As you might know the show show someone hasn't watched  as the world turns  and Doctor Mehmet Oz picked up ", "daytime -- took center stage yesterday Michael park and Maura west from as the world turns were named best actor and actress and -- soap opera . As you might know the show is ending its 53 year run in September hard to believe. Comedian Ellen DeGeneres took home the award for best entertainment talk show someone hasn't watched as the world turns and -- -- Doctor Mehmet Oz picked up the Emmy for best talk show host. For the doctor -- It's still Leone ", "but an increase of 21000 claims from last week's. Take speech on the headline if you could Matt. Yeah you know  as the world turns  Stephanie it's you know if you look at the four week moving average it is inched down just a little bit but it's ", "-- speech on the headline if you could Matt. Yeah you know as the world turns Stephanie it's you know if you look at the four week moving average it is inched down just a little bit but ", 'another world. Following things. Before she met My Cousin Acquaintances. Marisa Tomei met her fairy godmother on  as the world turns  thirty yeah. Kathy Bates got a head start on misery. By giving some to Erica Kane on all my children and But the ', 'Cousin -- -- -- Acquaintances. Marisa Tomei met her fairy godmother on as the world turns thirty yeah. Kathy Bates got a head start on misery. By giving some to Erica Kane on all my children and -- ', "As the world turns  its eye toward China and the Olympic Games. There's a battle brewing right now in China's own backyard. The people of neighboring ", "As the world turns its eye toward China and the Olympic Games. There's a battle brewing right now in China's own backyard. The people of neighboring "]