['of the  Super Mario  franchise finally For many  Super Mario  is no longer 1983 little  Mario  was given a own game.  Mario  Brothers by When the  Nintendo  Entertainment Nintendo  came  Super Mario Brothers . It broke ', 'was given a cheerful name rarely seen in the annals of heroes Mario For the sequel a game called. Donkey Kong junior. In 1983 little Mario was given a shot as his own game. Mario Brothers by then the seemingly indestructible arcade revolution -- -- now headed towards game over. Resurrection. 1980. -- When the Nintendo Entertainment System was released a new magic box that plugged into your TV. And with every Nintendo came Super Mario Brothers . It broke sales records everywhere. -- The game was simply its own revolution the first ever to incorporate a smooth scrolling screen. And on every level. Hidden treasure. And Super Mario Brothers big gap Super Mario Brothers two and three. As Nintendo made bigger and better game systems they also made bigger and better Mario game. Throughout the 1990s Mario sailed the wide c.s with Super Mario world. And Super Mario 64 the first ever three dimensional Mario game. Total Mario games have sold almost 200. Million copies world -- And finally this week. The wait is over for the much anticipated release of Super Mario galaxy. From his supporting role -- ago playing second banana to the evil Donkey Kong. The jump man has left a long way an icon like -- yet not like Marilyn. Undaunted no matter how often these battered. Mario the magnificent. Resurrected. Again. The ABC news New York. ', "Webcast:McCain Says Republicans Don't Understand Torture, Thousands of Birds Threatened by Oil Spill, The Return of Super Mario ", "iconic.  Super Mario . But we're fans of the  Super Mario  franchise finally For many  Super Mario  is no longer own game.  Mario  Brothers by When the  Nintendo  Entertainment Nintendo  came  Super Mario Brothers . It broke ", "was given a cheerful name rarely seen in the annals of heroes Mario For the sequel a game called. Donkey Kong junior. In 1983 little Mario was given a shot as his own game. Mario Brothers by then the seemingly indestructible arcade revolution had -- now headed towards game over. Resurrection. 1980. -- When the Nintendo Entertainment System was released a new magic box that plugged into your TV. And with every Nintendo came Super Mario Brothers . It broke sales records everywhere. The game was simply its own revolution the first ever to incorporate a smooth scrolling screen. And on every level. Hidden treasure. And Super Mario Brothers big gap Super Mario Brothers two and three. As Nintendo made bigger and better game systems they also made bigger and better Mario game. Throughout the 1990s Mario's sailed the -- agencies with Super Mario world. And Super Mario 64 the first ever three dimensional Mario game. Total Mario games have sold almost 200. Million copies world -- And finally this week. The wait is over for the much anticipated release of Super Mario galaxy. From his supporting role eon ago playing second banana to the evil Donkey Kong. The jump man has left a long way an icon like -- yet not like Marilyn. Undaunted no matter how often these battered. Mario the magnificent. Resurrected. Again. -- ABC news New York. Bills really end of that stuff that's -- for the webcast today for ", "like Zelda and  Mario . And although  Mario  looks good for graphics designer  Nintendo  shake up the the idea of  Mario  came about as later became a  plumber  is. With and And before  Super Mario Mario  Brothers public. In 1985  Super Mario Brothers  debuted on the  Nintendo  Entertainment plucky little  plumber  didn't come ", "I don't just sit down with one of the true visionaries at Nintendo should Carol -- Mota. He's been called the Spielberg of video games and he's known for creating characters like Zelda and Mario And although Mario looks -- -- good for his age believe it or not -- celebrating a silver anniversary. Can enjoy -- What. Five years ago she Jeremy moto was a young graphics designer Nintendo -- -- -- shake up the idea of a video games hero. The little guy who preferred a quick jump to a ready gun. Tell me the idea of Mario came about as I understand it he began his life as a carpenter and later became a plumber is. With -- and almost thirty years ago we created Donkey Kong part it was originally -- that's stressful to Kinney. -- -- And before Super Mario Mario Brothers which features include Mario and the regional and the -- game. The second features that have problems but -- -- This -- public. In 1985 Super Mario Brothers debuted on the Nintendo Entertainment System and for -- video game industry that plucky little plumber didn't come a moment too soon. Cable. Yet at that time who know I think. The United States is really suffering from what we call Atari shock you -- him to keep him home console industry this was happening there. Wii and Nintendo decided we wanted to -- to to -- the market will we wanted to do we have. Only a limited amount of software or something that I would do do the trick and so when we came up with Super -- thought this is our chance this software that we can use two. It's sort revitalize their rights -- chance to go into the market. Which passengers. For more than twenty years Super Mario Brothers was at the top of the sales charts the company says it sold more than 240. Million titles tied to Super Mario Brothers . How does Mario stay relevant and stay popular when you've got video game characters these days that are wearing -- armor how does he compete ", "all very I'm taking a trip to  Nintendo  man I got three friends with me can now sit side by side and new  Super Mario Brothers  and wonderful HD. You can have could sit down and and utilize  Nintendo  TP. So what would say is for moms ", "it's right you can now sit side by side and -- new Super Mario Brothers -- and wonderful HD. You can have a great family experience we had some of the social features you could sit down and and utilize Nintendo TP. So what -- would say is for moms and -- out there this is a great way to spend time with ", "PlayStation 3 and the  Nintendo  Wii. So I can't her with any other console.  Nintendo  hasn't been on top days of Donkey Kong and  Super Mario Brothers . Right now they are are joined by the CE  Nintendo  Reggie fees me. The ", "what consumers -- and hardcore gamers to experience with any other console. Nintendo hasn't been on top of the gaming market in more than a decade since the days of Donkey Kong and Super Mario Brothers . Right now they are trying to change all that and we are joined by the CE -- -- Nintendo Reggie fees -- me. The new game as the Wii and you are playing to win Patti think you're going to gain ", "loved franchise's.  Super Mario Kart  seven point. This comes of Zelda franchise.  Nintendo  has been celebrating the in late November  Nintendo  released legend of Zelda glasses for a full list of  Nintendo 's new and upcoming ", "This -- also the 25 anniversary of the legend of Zelda franchise. Nintendo has been celebrating the release of -- from -- -- time for the three BS. That's for sure adventures for the -- in late November Nintendo released legend of Zelda skyward sword. Game looking to please die -- fans and newcomers alike. They have served as great as ", "you really bad. It's actually pretty glasses for a full list of Nintendo's new and upcoming releases as well as information on the 3-D -- -- -- this visit intended outcome. ", "all the rage because He now plays the song from  Super Mario Brothers  and not like He was like the cold soundtrack might bet you a week we reported this deal with. And  Mario  you know  Nintendo  you let me it's a little more entertaining and ", "become all the rage because He now plays the song from -- Super Mario Brothers and not like He was like the cold soundtrack might play -- got the whole thing nailed down. He also doesn't Donkey Kong by the -- and -- know your -- and also Dragon Quest who takes requests. Outfit and a little little -- the whole thing -- -- -- 34 whose classically trained by the energy. I'm not only and I bet you a week we reported this -- -- -- deal with. And Mario you know Nintendo you -- -- let me it's a little more entertaining and just listening to. ", 'annals of heroes.  Mario . The sequel In 1983 little  Mario  was given a shot at his own game  Mario  Brothers by then 1980 When the  Nintendo  Entertainment And with every  Nintendo  came  Super Mario Brothers . It broke sales ', "was given a cheerful name rarely seen in the annals of heroes. Mario The sequel a game called Donkey Kong junior. In 1983 little Mario was given a shot at his own game Mario Brothers by then the seemingly indestructible arcade revolution had -- Now headed towards game over. Resurrection. 1980 -- When the Nintendo Entertainment System was released a new magic box that plugged into your TV. And with every Nintendo came Super Mario Brothers . It broke sales records everywhere. -- The game was simply its own revolution the first ever to incorporate a smooth scrolling screen. And on every level. Hidden treasure. And Super Mario Brothers big gap Super Mario Brothers two. And three. As Nintendo made a bigger and better game systems they also made bigger and better Mario game. Throughout the 1990s Mario sailed the wide -- with Super Mario world. And Super Mario 64 the first ever three dimensional Mario game. And in total Mario games have sold almost 200. Million copies worldwide. -- -- this week the wait is over for the much anticipated release of Super Mario galaxy. From his supporting role -- ago playing second banana to the evil Donkey Kong. The jump man has -- a long way. An icon like -- and yet not like -- and undaunted no matter how often he's battered. Mario the magnificent. Resurrected. Again. Bill Blakemore ABC news New York. -- -- Coming up on world news on mother's incredible sacrifice good ", "World News: Contractors in Iraq; Bush in Vietnam; Visiting Borat's Village; PS3 vs. Wii; Gamers' Faces", "PlayStation 3 and the  Nintendo  Wii. So because her with any other console.  Nintendo  hasn't been on top days of Donkey Kong and  Super Mario Brothers . Right now they are are joined by the CE  Nintendo  sees in me. The new ", "and hardcore gamers have been able to experience with any other console. Nintendo hasn't been on top of the gaming market in more than a decade since the days of Donkey Kong and Super Mario Brothers . Right now they are trying to change all that and we are joined by the CE -- -- Nintendo -- sees in me. The new game is the Wii and you are playing to win Patti think you're going to gain ", "this week surpassed. Legendary  Super Mario Brothers  and sales but if you got one happen was so we're not that.  Nintendo  week which could involve jumping thought that the it's just game.  Nintendo  tells Good Morning America it is ", 'Wii Sports sound like my mom I did this week surpassed. Legendary Super Mario Brothers and sales but if you got one. He got to be careful. Too much activity can bring some aches and pains and ', "World News: British General Questions War; Yahoo's Time Capsule; Video Games as Art", "piece of 2006 for future generations. We'll show the world's largest ever digital time capsule. And turning  Super Mario Brothers  into techno music we'll show you the new documentary in which retro video games are transformed. In the modern ", "We'll show the world's largest ever digital time capsule. And turning -- Super Mario Brothers into techno music we'll show you the new documentary in which retro video games are transformed. In the modern art or at ", 'primitive sound it. By the mid eighties. Original songs began to go along with games like my personal favorite the  Super Mario Brothers  But today the playing field for video game music the campuses into this Saturday. The Malden billion dollar gaming ', 'songs began to go along with games like my personal favorite the Super Mario Brothers -- But today the playing field for video game music the -- -- campuses into this Saturday. The Malden billion dollar gaming ', 'bit primitive sound By the mid eighties original songs began to go along with games like my personal favorite the  Super Mario Brothers  But today the playing field for video game music the campuses into this The Malden billion dollar gaming industry ', 'songs began to go along with games like my personal favorite the Super Mario Brothers -- But today the playing field for video game music the -- -- campuses into this -- The Malden billion dollar gaming ', 'show us there absolutely  Mario Kart  Wii which comes out April the we will this is to  Nintendo . Basically what you have And we get started here.  Mario  of course is an intensely where He can actually see  Mario Kart  channel that could really ', 'personal fitness but that is about to change. Joining us now from Nintendo is Eric Walter and -- welcome you obviously are dressed for a little fitness today. Tell us what is Wii Fit Wii ', "video games and they have some innovations to show us there absolutely Mario Kart Wii which comes out April 27. -- grab the we will this is -- to -- Nintendo . Basically what you have here is descent simply does so we'll and it's really hit a great way to interact with the game this time around so will be used we'll jump in. And we get started here. -- Mario -- of course is an intensely popular Nintendo game environment replaying it -- -- -- -- -- out there for awhile now absolutely it's -- on. Super -- -- out of the game. Gamecube obviously this is the Wii version there's some of these things for the Wii which were really excited of course the we will atrocity today but also now you can play on -- With Nintendo Wi-Fi -- slipped to twelve people across the globe. -- really neat way to place He got single player. Multiplayer. Online and also the Mario -- -- is essentially leaderboard where He can actually see Mario Kart channel that could really taking it -- absolutely. You gotta go so basically here you know you're just using the -- will ", 'enjoy using I did ask blast at bats He had that.  Nintendo  DS. With the dual screens the DS late last year for that parking just. The racing games like  Mario  car or for me and that needs for  Mario  Brothers so. I think what was really great for ', "used to play something called the big game boy remember that. But Nintendo -- has come a long way since then Nintendo has just released a brand new portable gaming system called the Nintendo DS IXL. And here today to break it down for -- is Katie -- from Nintendo . -- thanks for joining us today you're welcome thanks for having me now you guys call this new system portable gaming all grown up why is that. Point come along way since the game violet I know you really enjoy using I did ask -- blast at bats He had -- -- that. Nintendo DS. With the dual screens the DS late last year we launched the yes side switching -- and enhanced features and now ", 'eleven million units of the latest generation Wii console. through this week we spoke to  Nintendo  about two other we offerings sports resort. And  Super Mario  sluggers. Wii Sports resorts is a game is based on sporting activities plea that resorts ', 'the latest generation Wii console. -- through this week we spoke to Nintendo about two other -- we offerings sports resort. And Super Mario sluggers. Wii Sports resorts is a game is based on sporting activities plea that resorts. But but but but but but but ', "with the current real Marriott cutback we're gonna real  Mario Kart  students coast through MIT. Hallways. Using it basically a real life and marry a member of the  Nintendo  game which first appeared in 1992 that we got billed as ", "with the current real -- Marriott cutback we're gonna -- -- real Mario Kart students coast through MIT. Hallways. Using it basically a real life and marry a member of the Nintendo game which first appeared in 1992 that we got billed as a -- he built his own. His name is Charles de ", "episode. And it's a really wonderful new game with great music and and effects and and then we have here  Super Mario  galaxy two.  Mario  the  plumber  has been around for thirty years it's just a great family game the whole family can pile into the room ", "with great music and and effects and and then we have here Super Mario galaxy two. Mario the plumber has been around for thirty years it's just a great family game the whole family can pile into the room and play "]