['Acheson, an outspoken proponent of local and sustainable agriculture, is best known for appearances on Bravo\'s " Top Chef " and " Top Chef  Masters." He says he is fascinated by the challenge of providing ethically sourced food on such a large scale ', 'CBS; "Dancing With the Stars," ABC; "Project Runway," Lifetime; "So You Think You Can Dance," FOX; " Top Chef ," Bravo; "The Voice," NBC. Variety Series: "The Colbert Report," Comedy Central; "The Daily Show With Jon Stewart ', 'Phil Spector Reality-Competition Program Amazing Race Dancing With the Stars Project Runway So You Think You Can Dance  Top Chef  The Voice Host for a Reality or Reality-Competition Program Tom Bergeron, Dancing With the Stars Anthony Bourdain ', 'took "Good Morning America\'s" challenge to make a complete gourmet meal in the microwave in under 30 minutes. The " Top Chef " alum and author of "Try This at Home" revamps your standard microwave fare with recipes for English pea soup , salmon ', 'Brit will have her residency. Spears, Lucado and her entourage then lunched at the Meatball Spot restaurant, owned by  Top Chef  Seattle contestant Carla Pellegrino. The couple chowed down on meatball sliders with mozzarella cheese, macaroni and ', 'mini-quiches, according to Aun Koh, founder of ChubbyHubby ( chubbyhubby.net ). Hosea Rosenberg, winner of Season 5 of  Top Chef , agrees. "Snack mixes. Chocolate-dipped pretzels. Hard candies. Crackers," he says. But sometimes travelers ', 'said. In the last year, Hagerty has made multiple guest appearances, dined at Le Bernardin and judged an episode of " Top Chef ." "I\'m very flattered that people have been doing this. I don\'t seek any of this attention but it\'s developed ', 'Josie, who was axed from Bravo\'s " Top Chef " last week because her fried chicken experience. It\'s a gospel bird." " Top Chef " eliminations have fueled online couldn\'t be reached for comment. A " Top Chef " publicist declined to comment on ', 'From a Balcony in New York City to the Capitol Lawn: 12 Surprising Facts About the Inauguration', "Quotes of the Week: 'Everybody Needs an Uncle Harry and an Aunt Pippa in Their Lives'", 'even more paparazzi. Lakshmi, 42, gave birth to a daughter in 2010. For Middleton\'s acute morning sickness, the " Top Chef " host recommended home remedies the duchess can use now that she\'s out of the hospital: "Ginger. It\'s the only ', 'creepy." RELATED: Padma Lakshmi Strips Down, Tells All for Playboy For Middleton\'s acute morning sickness, the " Top Chef " host recommended home remedies the duchess can use now that she\'s out of the hospital: "Ginger. It\'s the only ', "Japanese Wagyu shabu shabu - and what better way to top it all off than with 24 karat gold leaves? The restaurant's  top chef  and part owner, Chef Katsuhiko Hanamure, used his worldly experience in high-end kitchens and personal training by ", "president's favorite: pumpkin. Foodies who want to replicate the feast on their own are in luck. The White House's  top chef , Cristeta Comerford, shared some of the recipes in an interview with the Washington Post . Having cooked for each president ", 'competition program. The Amazing Race. Shock. Dancing With The Stars. Project Runway. So You Think You Can Dance.  Top chef . And the voice. The nominees for a variety series are. The col reports. The daily show with Jon Stewart. Jimmy Kimmel ', 'Dancing With The Stars. Project Runway. So You Think You Can Dance. Top chef . And the voice. The nominees for a variety series are. The col -- reports. The daily show with Jon Stewart. Jimmy Kimmel ', 'this one. You have the new show coming out, "life after  top chef ." IT PREMIERS OCTOBER 3rd. Follows me and three cast mates from " top chef " around. Gets into our regular lives. What is this ', 'try this one. You have the new show coming out, "life after top chef ." IT PREMIERS OCTOBER 3rd. Follows me and three cast mates from " top chef " around. Gets into our regular lives. What is this? Chocolate pudding or mousse. It\'s got chocolate in it. Cocoa powder. Oh, my ', "they had their first win in now they're bringing back an unbelievably talented group of chefs. To go head to head and  top chef  all stars. The season begins tonight on today Padma lots joins us as. The host of top shelf Patrick thanks so much for ", 'an unbelievably talented group of chefs. To go head to head and top chef all stars. The season begins tonight on -- -- today Padma lots -- joins us as. The host of top shelf Patrick ', "staff food and wine magazine's Gail Simmons is hosting  top chef  just desserts. Which premieres tonight and we're so shooting a show I learned of more than ever. I've been on  top chef  on Bravo now we just seventh season where this season finale ", "popular show top staff food and wine magazine's Gail Simmons is hosting top chef just desserts. Which premieres tonight and we're so excited to have deal here with us today Galbraith is -- see you thanks ", "shooting a show I learned of more than ever. I've been on top chef on Bravo now we just -- seventh season where this season finale airs tonight actually. And going into this -- kitchen was ", "Now to the recent season the knowledge  top chef  all stars. Favorite Richard blaze took home the title of top sat and we're so happy to have the host of top jackpot me here ", "Now to the recent season the knowledge -- top chef all stars. Favorite Richard blaze took home the title of top sat and we're so happy to have the host of top ", 'Ready for some more sweet TV  top chef  just is back for season two premieres as head chef as his head judge for  top chef  just desserts we are thrilled to have dynamic judge on the original show  top chef  and host on chalk talk just desserts ', "Ready for some more sweet TV top chef just -- is back for season two premieres tonight. The contestants are gonna face off that's a pretty tough challenges including one ", "Johnny using any return as head chef as his head judge for top chef just desserts we are thrilled to have them both here today. Little disappointed at the table was empty doesn't bring anything Torres ", 'of the other. Have a preference dynamic judge on the original show top chef and host on chalk talk -- just desserts. And I think they both have their advantage in the original what it was ', '" Top Chef\'s " Hung Huynh shows the TV star how to whip up a batch of his baked Asian wings.']