['Part 2: Elizabeth Taylor and James Franco did cameos, and Demi Moore was on before she was a star.', "to deal in nineteen Sharon wants  millionaire  hair and other contestants who should the We're boldly looking to their competition for answers while I wanna be a  millionaire  so would you let them get away with a we'll either go carrier ", "-- to deal in nineteen Sharon wants -- millionaire hair and other contestants who should -- the -- We're boldly TV plus two or even looking to their competition for answers while I wanna be a millionaire so would you let them get away with a we'll either go carrier ring tonight and Friday its powers -- -- we ", 'frigging are two different words with two distinct pronunciations. This couple lost $800,000. On abc\'s " who wants to be a millionaire  jts this guy lost when he guessed lake huron was the second biggest great lake. He was right. He was brought ', "different words with two distinct pronunciations. This couple lost $800,000. On abc's who wants to be a millionaire jts this guy lost when he guessed lake huron was the second biggest great lake. He was right. He was brought back ", 'internet hordes. And fox admitted a research error and offered them another shot. Season one of abc\'s " who wants to be a millionaire ," this guy guessed huron is the second biggest great lake. Computer said he was wrong. David, I\'m sorry ', 'a research error and offered them another shot. Season one of abc\'s who wants to be a millionaire ," this guy guessed huron is the second biggest great lake. Computer said he was wrong. David, I\'m sorry. It was lake michigan. ', 'far would you go to win on " who wants to be a millionaire "? Would you cheat? It is Everybody wants to be a  millionaire  here? Yeah. Terrific. This test. I just want to be a  millionaire . It\'s stressful. I don\'t ', 'to a big question. How far would you go to win on who wants to be a millionaire "? Would you cheat? It is a jaw-dropping "what would you do?" And john quinones has the story. John? Reporter: Thousands of hopefuls ', "life swung Don millionaires she'll Maher is the first person ever to win one million dollars on India's  Who Wants To Be a Millionaire ? game show. Kumar earns 120 dollars a month as a government worker. He's still used his wings to take ", "is the first person ever to win one million dollars on India's Who Wants To Be a Millionaire ? game show. Kumar earns 120 dollars a month as a government worker. He's still used his wings to take any civil service ", "a row that did one year now when you're not get picked up. It was a tough time for the network I think  Who Wants To Be a Millionaire ? was running report a two week. So Terry I had a conversation on the pilot that it was a shame nobody is ", 'picked up. It was a tough time for the network I think Who Wants To Be a Millionaire ? was running report -- a two week. So Terry I had a conversation on the pilot that it was a shame nobody ', "Thanks for watching our Internet edition of Nightline. Today the teenage tycoons that if you're like me probably learned about the meaning of money an afterschool job waiting tables babysitting may be tickets of the movies. But a new wave of adolescent on ignores aren't satisfied with adding up the", "Joseph does whatever Obama wants that for playing a West Virginia voter he appeared on Saturday dateline.  Who Wants To Be a Millionaire ? finally. And other commercials. It's rally had said. Too much the Republican Party is now pulled the ", "-- for playing a West Virginia voter he appeared on Saturday dateline. Who Wants To Be a Millionaire ? -- finally. And other commercials. It's -- rally had said. Too much the Republican Party is now pulled the ad but the ", 'thank you have to come by yeah. Three of them. You hot and all the has Booker for the Chilean version of  Who Wants To Be a Millionaire ?. All the men were still trapped the show had on the daughter of one of the trapped miners to huge ratings ', '-- -- -- has -- -- Booker for the Chilean version of Who Wants To Be a Millionaire ?. All the men were still trapped the show had on the daughter of one of the trapped miners to huge ratings. And ', "Movie and book deals are in the early stages to. Some of the miners are being courted by Chile's version of  Who Wants To Be a Millionaire ?. It's not all smiles across the board though this is young Orioles the 21 miner to emergent. This is ", "to. Some of the miners are being courted by Chile's version of Who Wants To Be a Millionaire ?. It's not all smiles across the board though this is young Orioles the 21 miner to emergent. This is his mistress hugging ", "made his mark in where he's been a fixture for over forty years. He did also the hit primetime ABC show.  Who Wants To Be a Millionaire ?. Let's play who wants to be of that yet in recent years Philbin has dealt with some major health issues ", "over forty years. He did also -- the hit primetime ABC show. Who Wants To Be a Millionaire ?. Let's play who wants to be of that yet in recent years Philbin has dealt with some major health issues He underwent ", "is uncool is dead and every bit as endearing. All the while Regis has been moonlighting who could forget  Who Wants To Be a Millionaire ?. Rhode Island real violence. Which brings us to just that's the number of people He made instant millionaires ", "as endearing. All the while Regis has been moonlighting who could forget Who Wants To Be a Millionaire ?. Rhode Island real violence. Which brings us to just -- that's the number of people He made instant millionaires while hosting the ", "Joseph does whenever Obama wants yet for playing a West Virginia voter He appeared on Saturday dateline.  Who Wants To Be a Millionaire ? yeah and other commercials. It's rally had said. Too much the Republican Party is now pulled the ad ", "-- for playing a West Virginia voter He appeared on Saturday dateline. Who Wants To Be a Millionaire ? -- yeah and other commercials. It's -- rally had said. Too much the Republican Party is now pulled the ad but the ", "appeared on camera ten years ago. Bill Clinton was still president. Elian Gonzalez was still in Miami.  Who Wants To Be a Millionaire ? with Regis Philbin was the top TV show ten years ago. That's the last time keep talking and saw his children ", "ago. Bill Clinton was still president. Elian Gonzalez was still in Miami. Who Wants To Be a Millionaire ? with Regis Philbin was the top TV show ten years ago. That's the last time keep talking -- and saw his children. ", "appeared on camera ten years ago. Bill Clinton was still president. Elian Gonzalez was still in Miami. And  Who Wants To Be a Millionaire ? with Regis Philbin was the top TV show ten years ago. That's the last time talking to and saw his children ", "Bill Clinton was still president. Elian Gonzalez was still in Miami. And Who Wants To Be a Millionaire ? with Regis Philbin was the top TV show ten years ago. That's the last time -- talking to and saw his children. ", "and hope that right up there what does this call this is response card. And so if you've seen the show  Who Wants To Be a Millionaire ? asked the audience and then the audience response so it's wireless device that. Response to a question ", "call this is response card. And so if you've seen the show Who Wants To Be a Millionaire ? asked the audience and then the audience response so it's wireless device that. Response to a question that's presented to the audience ", "film critic says slum dog  millionaire  that's the name of the on the Indian version of  Who Wants To Be a Millionaire ?. Rolling Stone film saw a scene from slum dog  millionaire  and you know this thing movie again his slum dog  millionaire  that finally on the web ", "in theaters today the New York Post film critic says slum dog millionaire that's the name of the movie is so good. But He ran out of stars in his rating system the story line follows a teenage -- as He competes on the Indian version of Who Wants To Be a Millionaire ?. Rolling Stone film critic Peter Travers recently interviewed the film's director Danny Boyle. But first a clip from the movie. Danny -- ", "This wheelchair right now she went 50000 dollars in the game show  Who Wants To Be a Millionaire ? what she's doing what it actually giving 101000 dollars up to the Houston. Food pantry where she works the houses home was ", "This wheelchair right now she went 50000 dollars in the game show Who Wants To Be a Millionaire ? what she's doing what it actually giving 101000 dollars up to the Houston. Food pantry where she works the -- houses home ", "Danny Boyle the director of slum dog  millionaire  and the movie that everybody thinks world. Funny thing is huge game show  Who Wants To Be a Millionaire ?. Tomorrow. absolutely you next tried to do. And I. Looking slum dog  millionaire . Mean look at it and say there's ", 'show in the world. Funny thing -- is huge -- game show Who Wants To Be a Millionaire ?. Tomorrow. -- absolutely you next. He goes away with the top prize which is never -- one at. And then. The authorities ']