['which has created a smartphone game in which users swing their phone to make a cartoon Abe jump and cartwheel, much like  Super Mario , to climb the political ranks from novice lawmaker to prime minister. Isao Takagaki, a lawyer and author of a recent ', 'in the Los Angeles Convention Center was a colorful scene Fourth of July weekend as characters like Zelda, Naruto,  Super Mario , and many others came to life through cosplay, an activity that combines costuming and role-playing. The 2013 Anime ', '" Super Mario  3D World" for Wii at once. Image:  Nintendo Mario  and friends are familiar adventure in  Nintendo \'s first ever 3D multiplayer platformer, " Super Mario  3D World." The side-scroller " Super Mario Bros  2." We went hands-on ', 'since last year\'s E3. " Nintendo  Direct" live-streams delays. May 17th\'s  Nintendo  Direct ended with  Nintendo  of America president Reggie promising a look a new " Super Smash  Bros" and a new " Mario Kart " come E3. A new, non-side-scrolling ', 'dressed as Elmo, after he went on an anti-Semitic rant. Another man, Damon Torres , was charged with forcible touching in December. A woman accused Torres of groping her in Times Square while he was wearing a  Super Mario  Brother costume.', 'today for the  Nintendo  3DS, a lengthy sequel to  Nintendo \'s short 2003 the original,  Mario \'s younger creator of " Super Mario Bros ." and producer about what  Nintendo  is calling green-clad  plumber . Q: "Dark ', "Wimpy Kid series Harry Potter series The Hunger Games series Magic Tree House series Favorite Video Game Just Dance 4  Mario Kart  7 Skylanders Giants Wii Sports Favorite App Angry Birds Fruit Ninja Minecraft Temple Run The Kids' Choice Awards air ", 'Sony and  Nintendo \'s emerging Meanwhile,  Nintendo  has grown creator of " Super Mario Bros ." and revolving around  Super Mario \'s world data in " Mario Kart " is a good New  Super Mario Bros RELATED:  Nintendo  Wii U Review ', "played. The 14 on display are part of a total wish list of 40 video games which will include Pong, Space Invaders,  Super Mario Bros . and Street Fighter II. Popularity was certainly not the first criterion for any of the games' selection, according ", 'to play the  Nintendo  game "Donkey Donkey Kong,"  Mario  must ascend her to was \' Super Mario Brothers  2,\' which In the ( Nintendo  Entertainment market games.  Nintendo  did not respond must rescue  Mario , held captive ', 'are ranked by  Nintendo  nerds, "Ocarina aren\'t your cup of  Nintendo  tea, the company of a new 3-D  Mario  game as well as entries into the " Mario Kart ," "Yoshi\'s Story," and " Super Smash  Bros." series.  Nintendo  released the Wii ', "Starts at $299,  Nintendo  ) Xbox 360 + Kinect Bundle Mobile Consoles 3DS XL  Nintendo 's portable 3DS gaming steady as well, with  Nintendo  continuing popular franchises like New  Super Mario Bros . and Paper  Mario  on ", '"New  Super Mario Bros . U" for the  Nintendo  Wii U explores new corner\'s of  Mario \'s world. Photo their hands on. The issue is, with the release of "New  Super Mario Bros . U" for the Wii U, this visual update is six years too ', "And  Super Mario  He may be talking about  Mario . As in the  Super Mario Brothers  his latest a spin.  Mario Nintendo 's pixelated Italian  plumber  has entered is in new  Super Mario Brothers  we blood new  Super Mario bros  Wii they've ", "superstar who's been entertaining everyone for more than a generation talking about Mario As in the Super Mario Brothers his latest attraction has more than 75 new levels and for people can play together. Michael Thompson from the video game website IG and took it for a spin. Mario -- Nintendo's pixelated Italian plumber has entered the pantheon of the great animated character populated by complex. Bugs and yes even Mickey now. Yeah his latest starring role is in new Super Mario Brothers we -- blood and it's easy to can't similarity. It in this mass breakthrough that made Mario superstar. 1980 -- Super Mario Brothers with new Super Mario bros Wii they've taken that basic design and they've added something. That doesn't really seem initially like it's that big of an improvement ", 'of the  Super Mario  franchise finally For many  Super Mario  is no longer 1983 little  Mario  was given a own game.  Mario  Brothers by When the  Nintendo  Entertainment Nintendo  came  Super Mario Brothers . It broke ', 'was given a cheerful name rarely seen in the annals of heroes Mario For the sequel a game called. Donkey Kong junior. In 1983 little Mario was given a shot as his own game. Mario Brothers by then the seemingly indestructible arcade revolution -- -- now headed towards game over. Resurrection. 1980. -- When the Nintendo Entertainment System was released a new magic box that plugged into your TV. And with every Nintendo came Super Mario Brothers . It broke sales records everywhere. -- The game was simply its own revolution the first ever to incorporate a smooth scrolling screen. And on every level. Hidden treasure. And Super Mario Brothers big gap Super Mario Brothers two and three. As Nintendo made bigger and better game systems they also made bigger and better Mario game. Throughout the 1990s Mario sailed the wide c.s with Super Mario world. And Super Mario 64 the first ever three dimensional Mario game. Total Mario games have sold almost 200. Million copies world -- And finally this week. The wait is over for the much anticipated release of Super Mario galaxy. From his supporting role -- ago playing second banana to the evil Donkey Kong. The jump man has left a long way an icon like -- yet not like Marilyn. Undaunted no matter how often these battered. Mario the magnificent. Resurrected. Again. The ABC news New York. ', "Webcast:McCain Says Republicans Don't Understand Torture, Thousands of Birds Threatened by Oil Spill, The Return of Super Mario ", "iconic.  Super Mario . But we're fans of the  Super Mario  franchise finally For many  Super Mario  is no longer own game.  Mario  Brothers by When the  Nintendo  Entertainment Nintendo  came  Super Mario Brothers . It broke ", "was given a cheerful name rarely seen in the annals of heroes Mario For the sequel a game called. Donkey Kong junior. In 1983 little Mario was given a shot as his own game. Mario Brothers by then the seemingly indestructible arcade revolution had -- now headed towards game over. Resurrection. 1980. -- When the Nintendo Entertainment System was released a new magic box that plugged into your TV. And with every Nintendo came Super Mario Brothers . It broke sales records everywhere. The game was simply its own revolution the first ever to incorporate a smooth scrolling screen. And on every level. Hidden treasure. And Super Mario Brothers big gap Super Mario Brothers two and three. As Nintendo made bigger and better game systems they also made bigger and better Mario game. Throughout the 1990s Mario's sailed the -- agencies with Super Mario world. And Super Mario 64 the first ever three dimensional Mario game. Total Mario games have sold almost 200. Million copies world -- And finally this week. The wait is over for the much anticipated release of Super Mario galaxy. From his supporting role eon ago playing second banana to the evil Donkey Kong. The jump man has left a long way an icon like -- yet not like Marilyn. Undaunted no matter how often these battered. Mario the magnificent. Resurrected. Again. -- ABC news New York. Bills really end of that stuff that's -- for the webcast today for ", "like Zelda and  Mario . And although  Mario  looks good for graphics designer  Nintendo  shake up the the idea of  Mario  came about as later became a  plumber  is. With and And before  Super Mario Mario  Brothers public. In 1985  Super Mario Brothers  debuted on the  Nintendo  Entertainment plucky little  plumber  didn't come ", "I don't just sit down with one of the true visionaries at Nintendo should Carol -- Mota. He's been called the Spielberg of video games and he's known for creating characters like Zelda and Mario And although Mario looks -- -- good for his age believe it or not -- celebrating a silver anniversary. Can enjoy -- What. Five years ago she Jeremy moto was a young graphics designer Nintendo -- -- -- shake up the idea of a video games hero. The little guy who preferred a quick jump to a ready gun. Tell me the idea of Mario came about as I understand it he began his life as a carpenter and later became a plumber is. With -- and almost thirty years ago we created Donkey Kong part it was originally -- that's stressful to Kinney. -- -- And before Super Mario Mario Brothers which features include Mario and the regional and the -- game. The second features that have problems but -- -- This -- public. In 1985 Super Mario Brothers debuted on the Nintendo Entertainment System and for -- video game industry that plucky little plumber didn't come a moment too soon. Cable. Yet at that time who know I think. The United States is really suffering from what we call Atari shock you -- him to keep him home console industry this was happening there. Wii and Nintendo decided we wanted to -- to to -- the market will we wanted to do we have. Only a limited amount of software or something that I would do do the trick and so when we came up with Super -- thought this is our chance this software that we can use two. It's sort revitalize their rights -- chance to go into the market. Which passengers. For more than twenty years Super Mario Brothers was at the top of the sales charts the company says it sold more than 240. Million titles tied to Super Mario Brothers . How does Mario stay relevant and stay popular when you've got video game characters these days that are wearing -- armor how does he compete ", "all very I'm taking a trip to  Nintendo  man I got three friends with me can now sit side by side and new  Super Mario Brothers  and wonderful HD. You can have could sit down and and utilize  Nintendo  TP. So what would say is for moms ", "it's right you can now sit side by side and -- new Super Mario Brothers -- and wonderful HD. You can have a great family experience we had some of the social features you could sit down and and utilize Nintendo TP. So what -- would say is for moms and -- out there this is a great way to spend time with ", "PlayStation 3 and the  Nintendo  Wii. So I can't her with any other console.  Nintendo  hasn't been on top days of Donkey Kong and  Super Mario Brothers . Right now they are are joined by the CE  Nintendo  Reggie fees me. The ", "what consumers -- and hardcore gamers to experience with any other console. Nintendo hasn't been on top of the gaming market in more than a decade since the days of Donkey Kong and Super Mario Brothers . Right now they are trying to change all that and we are joined by the CE -- -- Nintendo Reggie fees -- me. The new game as the Wii and you are playing to win Patti think you're going to gain "]