['Reporter: Millions watched as  evelyn lozada  and chad ocho cinco johnson got married. She, the star of " basketball wives ." And he, the larger than the perception of me is on " basketball wives ," that doesn\'t justify what ', 'do you feel about it? I am stoked. Reporter: Millions watched as evelyn lozada and chad ocho cinco johnson got ready to get married. She, the star of " basketball wives ." And he, the larger than life football player. They danced into our homes on "dancing with the stars." It seemed th ed ', 'big name betrothals of usher, toni braxton and  evelyn lozada , to name a few. What do you anticipate can go wedding. You can never bet on mother nature.  Evelyn lozada  from  basketball wives  and chad johnson got married this summer in st ', "the genius behind the big name betrothals of usher, toni braxton and evelyn lozada , to name a few. What do you anticipate can go wrong at a wedding? Nervous brides. Reporter: Nervous grooms. Nervous grooms. Family fights. And too much alcohol. Always happens. Reporter: Weather problems. Weather. Reporter: Mother nature's always a big wedding. You can never bet on mother nature. Evelyn lozada from basketball wives and chad johnson got married this summer in st. Martin. Gorgeous estate, gorgeous property, right? We had thunderstorms all day, all day. ", 'of daughters searching for absent father\'s approval, once again, iyanla speaks from experience. " Basketball wives " star  evelyn lozada  got an earful. What scares me the most is -- not being loved. Reporter: How is a woman that\'s that ', 'daughters searching for absent father\'s approval, once again, iyanla speaks from experience. " Basketball wives " star evelyn lozada got an earful. What scares me the most is -- not being loved. Reporter: How is a woman that\'s that beautiful, that ', "was the premiere of VH one's  basketball wives  this is the second season of a lot of misconception about  basketball wives  like we just. Sit around on brings a different aspects of  basketball wives  she had a insisting story. her ", "Sunday night was the premiere of VH one's basketball wives this is the second season of the show where we get an inside look. At the women behind NBA basketball player -- ", "about it because I think there's just a lot of misconception about basketball wives like we just. Sit around on day and go shopping and -- -- just. And retool a lot more than that we ", 'I think states -- Well she deftly brings a different aspects of basketball wives she had a insisting story. -- her ex husband Kenny and -- and they had. Some crazy -- Nam then she actually ', 'locker and sent him on his way. They said he was not welcome here. Reporter: Seen on one of the violent outburst, " basketball wives " told police he head butted her and left her with a 3 inch cut on her forehead. He denies that saying the new wife ', 'was not welcome here. Reporter: Seen on one of the violent outburst, " basketball wives " told police he head butted her and left her with a 3 inch cut on her forehead. He denies that saying the ', "We do do you walk away now. What was far. Now BH one is in on the housewives game launching their own shows. Like  basketball wives  and and move wives. the show gives new meaning to the phrase. Hit. Meanwhile broncos' franchise is going global ", "one is in on the housewives game launching their own shows. Like basketball wives and and move wives. -- the show gives new meaning to the phrase. Hit. Meanwhile broncos' franchise is going global lodging real ", "It's hard out there for a basketball life. Jennifer Williams disarm the VH one reality show  basketball wives . Recently talked abcnews.com. About Eva Longoria and Tony Parker's divorce her husband used to play with Parker on the San ", "for a basketball life. Jennifer Williams disarm the VH one reality show basketball wives . Recently talked abcnews.com. About Eva Longoria and Tony Parker's divorce her husband used to play with Parker on the San Antonio spears. ", "or could not stem from the fact. That she's doing a new show you may have seen Promos for this show it's called  basketball wives . Apparently during their divorce which is their second divorce happened following right at all. she basically agree ", "show you may have seen Promos for this -- show it's called basketball wives . Apparently during their divorce which is their second divorce happened following right -- at all. -- she basically agree that she wouldn't "]