["Bang Theory Zooey Deschanel, New Girl Lea Michele, Glee Sofia Vergara, Modern Family Choice TV: Animated Show  Beavis and Butt - head  Bob's Burgers Family Guy Robot Chicken The Simpsons Choice TV: Male Personality Nick Cannon, America's Got ", 'Thunder", "Madagascar 2? as well as plenty of collaboration with  Mike Judge , having penned "Idiocracy", episodes of "King of the Hill" and " Beavis and Butt - Head " It\'s been a little over twenty years since we\'ve seen a Ghostbusters ', "Beloit College Reminds Class of 2014 About 'Dirty Harry,' 'Beavis and Butthead' and Corded Phones", 'Clint Eastwood is better known as a sensitive director than as Dirty Harry. 13. Parents and teachers feared that  Beavis and Butt - head  might be the voice of a lost generation. 14. Doctor Kevorkian has never been licensed to practice medicine ', 'long, he\'s the butt of jokes everywhere. He was parodied by Alec Baldwin on "Saturday Night Live" and on " Beavis and Butthead ," "The Simpsons" and "South Park." He\'s even popped up in lyrics by Bruce Springsteen. He easily brushes ', 'Oh, to bask in the blush of the bromance . Matt Damon and Ben Affleck . Brad Pitt and George Clooney .  Beavis and Butthead . They are the pillars on which a whole new category of relationship rests, examples of a kind of love with which ', 'at MTV Sabiston had created similar spots for MTV in 1997, under the aegis of John Andrews, who also produced  Beavis and Butthead  for the music network. When Earthlink wanted ads in that style, Andrews, who is now with animation production ', 'at MTV Sabiston had created similar spots for MTV in 1997, under the aegis of John Andrews, who also produced  Beavis and Butthead  for the music network. When Earthlink wanted ads in that style, Andrews, who is now with animation production ', 'at MTV Sabiston had created similar spots for MTV in 1997, under the aegis of John Andrews, who also produced  Beavis and Butthead  for the music network. When Earthlink wanted ads in that style, Andrews, who is now with animation production ', "And it is official everyone's favorite animated high school students are coming back to MTV new episodes of  Beavis and Butthead  will air this summer. And TV made the announcement during their upfront presentation on Wednesday the original ", '-- high school students are coming back to MTV new episodes of Beavis and Butthead will air this summer. And TV made the announcement during their upfront presentation on Wednesday the original series ran for 200 episodes. ', 'Jersey Shore that this the Beavis and who Beavis and  Mike Judge  hit. Comic con on Thursday to discuss the revival controversial and cannot years ago parents wanted to  Beavis and Butthead  and command is not out more about you Looking back ', '-- the -- Beavis and -- -- who -- Beavis and -- Mike Judge hit. Comic con on Thursday to discuss the revival of his one time and TV. Staple married very excited about that person mind. This is controversial and cannot years ago parents wanted to Beavis and Butthead and command -- is not out more about you -- Looking back -- I mean that times have gotten even more prudent ', "for pleasure and that's not happens it. Do you do it looked like me Wreck that shut they'd The that's right  Beavis and Butthead . Succumb to Tony little sales pitch. You know do it Wow. Perhaps the oddest of all a French director featured ", "-- -- Wreck that shut -- they'd -- -- The that's right Beavis and Butthead . Succumb to Tony little sales pitch. You know do it -- Wow. Perhaps the oddest of all a French director featured him ", "overweight people for pleasure and that's not happens it. Don't count hard way. But thought they'd That's right  Beavis and Butthead . Succumb to Tony little sales pitch. You know do now. Perhaps the oddest of all a French director featured him ", "Don't count -- hard way. But -- thought they'd -- That's right Beavis and Butthead . Succumb to Tony little sales pitch. You know do -- now. Perhaps the oddest of all a French director featured him in ", "hits the road. one woman's sad story to plead his case. What does He have the votes. And forever young. The  Beavis and Butthead  and the real world the jackass at the Jersey Shore we'll go inside and TV. The television network that in nearly ", "his case. What does He have the votes. And forever young. The Beavis and Butthead and the real world the jackass at the Jersey Shore we'll go inside and TV. The television network that in nearly thirty "]