['involving his wife , reality TV star  Evelyn Lozada  . Broward County Circuit Judge three previous months. RELATED:  Evelyn Lozada  \'Afraid,\' Says Chad Johnson \'Needs appeared on the reality TV show " Basketball Wives ," filed for divorce shortly ', 'Real World New Orleans," Season 9, 2000, and  Tami Roman , "Real World Los Angeles," Season 2, 1993 Kelly there, Tami went on to star on the VH1 reality show " Basketball Wives ," where she often spoke out about her ex not paying ', 'with Alexia Garland, a publicist for Sony Pictures. But he\'s also fended off rumors that he was involved with " Basketball Wives  L.A." star Draya Michele and Kobe Bryant\'s on-again-off-again wife Vanessa. Michele quickly shut down ', 'allegedly head-butting his wife, reality TV star  Evelyn Lozada , during an argument at the couple\'s home in Davie was a cast member on the VH1 reality TV series, " Basketball Wives ." She has since filed for divorce from Johnson, whom ', 'show and laying off 30 employees earlier this year. For the season premiere, Vanzant will work with " Basketball Wives " star  Evelyn Lozada , estranged wife of NFL star Chad "Ochocinco" Johnson, to uncover the source of Lozada\'s pain to help ', "Evelyn Lozada  'Afraid,' Says Chad Johnson 'Needs To Get Help': 'Nightline' Exclusive", 'Reality TV star  Evelyn Lozada , the estranged wife exclusive interview with  Evelyn Lozada  with "Nightline reality TV series " Basketball Wives " when she was engaged The person on \' Basketball Wives \' is not the person ', 'Evelyn Lozada  has filed for divorce from former Miami Dolphin\'s receiver Chad "Ochocinco July 4. Lozada had been a cast member on the VH1 reality-TV series " Basketball Wives " when she was engaged to NBA star Antoine Walker, with whom she had ', 'Press, Johnson is facing charges of simple domestic battery after Lozado, a controversial reality character on " Basketball Wives ," accused the NFL player of head-butting her during a dispute. On Sunday, Johnson was released on $2,500 bond ', 'had been a cast member on the Vh1 reality series " Basketball Wives " because she was engaged to NBA star Antoine Walker seen plenty of hearts broken over four hit seasons of  Basketball Wives , but with a little luck, true love may finally win ', 'surprised," Williams told ABCNews.com. Her husband,  Eric Williams , used to play with Parker on the San Antonio Spurs. Both now appear on the VH1 reality TV series, "  Basketball Wives  ," whose second season premieres Dec. 12. "I never ', 'a feisty star of " basketball wives ," their marriage for the first time,  evelyn lozada  opens up about what Period star of " basketball wives " with the fondness perception of me is on " basketball wives " that doesn\'t justify ', 'He was a popular pro football player, she, a feisty star of " basketball wives ," their marriage seemed defendanten tord tv gold until it came to a crashing halt one terrible night only weeks after t wed. Now, for the first time, evelyn lozada opens up about what she says really happened and what role the spotlight played. Here\'s abc news\'s amy robach. We\'re getting ready to get married. How do you feel about it? I am stoked. Reporter: Millions watched as they fell in love before their eyes. I\'m about to . Reporter: She, hot. Tom: Period star of " basketball wives " with the fondness for high-profile athletes. And he the larger than life football player whose record during an nfl career and danced ', 'Reporter: Millions watched as  evelyn lozada  and chad ocho cinco johnson got married. She, the star of " basketball wives ." And he, the larger than the perception of me is on " basketball wives ," that doesn\'t justify what ', 'do you feel about it? I am stoked. Reporter: Millions watched as evelyn lozada and chad ocho cinco johnson got ready to get married. She, the star of " basketball wives ." And he, the larger than life football player. They danced into our homes on "dancing with the stars." It seemed th ed ', 'big name betrothals of usher, toni braxton and  evelyn lozada , to name a few. What do you anticipate can go wedding. You can never bet on mother nature.  Evelyn lozada  from  basketball wives  and chad johnson got married this summer in st ', "the genius behind the big name betrothals of usher, toni braxton and evelyn lozada , to name a few. What do you anticipate can go wrong at a wedding? Nervous brides. Reporter: Nervous grooms. Nervous grooms. Family fights. And too much alcohol. Always happens. Reporter: Weather problems. Weather. Reporter: Mother nature's always a big wedding. You can never bet on mother nature. Evelyn lozada from basketball wives and chad johnson got married this summer in st. Martin. Gorgeous estate, gorgeous property, right? We had thunderstorms all day, all day. ", 'of daughters searching for absent father\'s approval, once again, iyanla speaks from experience. " Basketball wives " star  evelyn lozada  got an earful. What scares me the most is -- not being loved. Reporter: How is a woman that\'s that ', 'daughters searching for absent father\'s approval, once again, iyanla speaks from experience. " Basketball wives " star evelyn lozada got an earful. What scares me the most is -- not being loved. Reporter: How is a woman that\'s that beautiful, that ', "was the premiere of VH one's  basketball wives  this is the second season of a lot of misconception about  basketball wives  like we just. Sit around on brings a different aspects of  basketball wives  she had a insisting story. her ", "Sunday night was the premiere of VH one's basketball wives this is the second season of the show where we get an inside look. At the women behind NBA basketball player -- ", "about it because I think there's just a lot of misconception about basketball wives like we just. Sit around on day and go shopping and -- -- just. And retool a lot more than that we ", 'I think states -- Well she deftly brings a different aspects of basketball wives she had a insisting story. -- her ex husband Kenny and -- and they had. Some crazy -- Nam then she actually ', 'locker and sent him on his way. They said he was not welcome here. Reporter: Seen on one of the violent outburst, " basketball wives " told police he head butted her and left her with a 3 inch cut on her forehead. He denies that saying the new wife ', 'was not welcome here. Reporter: Seen on one of the violent outburst, " basketball wives " told police he head butted her and left her with a 3 inch cut on her forehead. He denies that saying the ', "We do do you walk away now. What was far. Now BH one is in on the housewives game launching their own shows. Like  basketball wives  and and move wives. the show gives new meaning to the phrase. Hit. Meanwhile broncos' franchise is going global ", "one is in on the housewives game launching their own shows. Like basketball wives and and move wives. -- the show gives new meaning to the phrase. Hit. Meanwhile broncos' franchise is going global lodging real "]