['Marley is 35. Country singer Brad Mates (Emerson Drive) is 35. MLB All-Star pitcher CC Sabathia is 33. Singer  Blake Lewis  ("American Idol") is 32. Rock musician Will Berman (MGMT) is 31. Rock musician Johan Carlsson (Carolina Liar ', 'Actress Ali Landry is 40. Actor Josh Hartnett is 35. Reggae singer Damian Marley is 35. "American Idol" runner-up  Blake Lewis  is 32. Drummer Will Berman of MGMT is 31. Keyboardist Johan Carlsson of Carolina Liar is 29. Actress Vanessa Lengies ', 'highest level, in New Orleans on May 24, when the refineries could be at most risk, Lipow said. A spokesman for Alon,  Blake Lewis , said operations at Krotz Springs Refinery are "running normally." "Refinery personnel are continuing to monitor ', 'the chaos." In January 2009, the couple announced their breakup. Jordin Sparks and  Blake Lewis  Season six champ Jordin Sparks and runner-up  Blake Lewis  had tongues wagging with their frequent public displays of affection. On MTV\'s "TRL ', 'to Nielsen SoundScan. Today, he commands stadium-size concerts and has become a fixutre on radio and television.  Blake Lewis  Season six saw a drop in the ratings for "Idol." It\'s no wonder then that neither Lewis nor winner Jordin Sparks ', 'will vote Lee into office, but, as far as the night\'s performances went, Crystal\'s last song really got me,"  Blake Lewis  wrote for USA Today\'s Idol Chatter blog. DeWyze started off with "The Boxer" by Simon & Garfunkel , went to R ', 'I think it was the right thing to do." Still, Cowell wasn\'t surprised that Sparks won out over runner-up  Blake Lewis . "Jordin was the most improved over the whole season -- didn\'t start the best, but midway through this was the ', 'sad surprise to her and her fans, but it could become a blessing in disguise. Even though either Jordin Sparks or  Blake Lewis  will become this season\'s "American Idol," Doolittle still could finish first as America\'s sweetheart.', "Showed us beat boxing is all about now blond haired  Blake Lewis  is that was his first album. It's called audio regular deadline here click that I like that I wish I can over the but I didn't ", "Showed us -- beat boxing is all about now blond haired Blake Lewis is that was his first album. It's called audio -- regular deadline here click that I like that I wish I can ", 'to you that this is occurring. Jordan. How long did that tornadoes last you for every team has everything in way.  Blake Lewis  Carroll is looking eighteen million recent night. I was just grabbing on to whatever said once the riff that lifted ', 'that tornadoes last you for every team has everything in -- way. Blake Lewis Carroll is looking -- eighteen million recent night. I was just grabbing on to whatever -- said once the riff that lifted ', "don't have become the youngest person to win the contest. Viewers cast a record 74 million votes sparks over beat boxer  Blake Lewis . By then and what will be her first single this is now. And now we head back to Charles Gibson with the rest of the ", 'Viewers cast a record 74 million votes -- sparks over beat boxer Blake Lewis . By then and what will be her first single this is -- now. And now we head back to Charles Gibson with ']