['if that\'s not enough? It\'s earned actor Damian Lewis an Emmy and a Golden Globe. Nucky Thompson, " Boardwalk Empire "  Steve Buscemi , who worked with Gandolfini on "The Sopranos," has taken the lead on another HBO drama with great results ', 'hosting book and insulted almost every nominee in the room. He took stabs at Cat Deeley, Jon Hamm and  Steve Buscemi , which the " Boardwalk Empire " star didn\'t find too funny. But Mitt Romney was the first victim of the night. When talking about ', 'Drama Series: \'Breaking Bad\' Nominees are: " Boardwalk Empire ," "Breaking Bad," "Downton Abbey," "Game Nominees are: Hugh Bonneville, "Downton Abbey";  Steve Buscemi , " Boardwalk Empire "; Bryan Cranston, "Breaking Bad"; Michael ', '15 and 16 on OWN. \' Boardwalk Empire \' Jimmy Darmody may but Nucky Thompson ( Steve Buscemi ) and the rest of the the third season of " Boardwalk Empire ." Arriving to take great addition." " Boardwalk Empire " premieres Sept ', 'Seven Shows to Dominate Emmys Best Drama Series " Boardwalk Empire " "Breaking Bad" "Downton Abbey" "Game of Drama Series Hugh Bonneville, "Downton Abbey"  Steve Buscemi , " Boardwalk Empire " Bryan Cranston, "Breaking Bad" Michael C ', 'Scotland. Under the watchful eye of her mother Queen Elinor (Emma Thompson), Merida, voiced by " Boardwalk Empire \'s"  Kelly Macdonald , is being trained to be a princess - and if she can\'t be a princess, then at least to act like one ', 'Performance By A Male Actor In A Drama Series  Steve Buscemi , " Boardwalk Empire " Outstanding Performance By An Ensemble In A Drama Series " Boardwalk Empire " Outstanding Performance By A Male Actor In A ', 'American Horror Story  Kelly Macdonald ,  Boardwalk Empire  Maggie Smith, Downton American Horror Story, FX  Boardwalk Empire , HBO Boss, STARZ Game Kelsey Grammer, Boss  Steve Buscemi ,  Boardwalk Empire  Bryan Cranston, Breaking ', 'on television. But the shocking finale of " Boardwalk Empire " could mean a repeat win for the HBO series year he is the obvious frontrunner. Only " Boardwalk Empire " star  Steve Buscemi  could spoil Cranston\'s chances. Best Actress ', 'included Kyle Chandler,  Steve Buscemi , Juliana Margulies Ross - SUITS (USA)  STEVE BUSCEMI  / Enoch "Nucky" Thomson -  BOARDWALK EMPIRE  (HBO) KYLE CHANDLER Ensemble in a Drama Series  BOARDWALK EMPIRE  (HBO) BREAKING BAD ', 'Actor, Drama: Jon Hamm Nominees are:  Steve Buscemi , " Boardwalk Empire "; Kyle Chandler, "Friday Night Lights Supporting Actress, Drama: Margo Martindale  Kelly Macdonald , " Boardwalk Empire "; Christina Hendricks, "Mad Men ', 'Actor, Drama: Jon Hamm Nominees are:  Steve Buscemi , " Boardwalk Empire "; Kyle Chandler, "Friday Night Lights Supporting Actress, Drama: Margo Martindale  Kelly Macdonald , " Boardwalk Empire "; Christina Hendricks, "Mad Men ', "things are crazy there it out you talk about some like  Steve Buscemi  left out you know you've got a loaded category right they'll be also it could be six way tie for first  boardwalk empire  the American scandal when news from all not nominated ", "if things are crazy there it out you talk about some like Steve Buscemi left out you know you've got a loaded category right there that's that's fantastic Bryan Cranston -- -- -- Jeff Daniels tremendous stuff. You know I want askew McChrystal -- -- about -- categories the best drama category if you don't want to didn't get nominated that they'll be also -- -- -- it could be six way tie for first boardwalk empire the American scandal when news from all not nominated this category is loaded will -- finally be breaking bad here will we ", 'incredible burt wonderstone". Now  steve buscemi  playing the long suffering partner And another big season of " boardwalk empire " coming up. Just came back with season 4.  Steve buscemi , thanks very', 'we\'ve been meeting the amazing cast of t"the incredible burt wonderstone". Now steve buscemi playing the long suffering partner. Take a look. You need to rehearse, anton. I don\'t. Fine. Not this guy. Aaagh. I can\'t ', 'all this. Like being a kid again. And another big season of " boardwalk empire " coming up. Just came back with season 4. Steve buscemi , thanks very ', 'nominations in the drama series category are.  Boardwalk empire . Dexter. Friday Night Lights. Damon owns. The For lead actor in a drama series nominees are.  Steve Buscemi boardwalk empire . Kyle Chandler Friday Night Lights. Michael C ', 'Moss mad men. For lead actor in a drama series nominees are. Steve Buscemi boardwalk empire Kyle Chandler Friday Night Lights. Michael C. Hall Dexter. Jon Hamm mad men. Hugh Laurie house. And Timothy all of that justice. ', 'least one view. That really had a huge impact now on your life correct yes. Somebody sent the to  Terence winter . Crew is creator of  boardwalk empire  he played it. He loved it. Asked for me to come in and audition second hand and second the stinky ', 'impact now on your life correct yes. Somebody sent the -- to Terence winter . Crew is creator of boardwalk empire he played it. He loved it. Asked for me to come in and audition second hand and second the stinky -- -- ']