['PHOTO: Russian President Vladimir Putin  speaks during a meeting with minsters and officials in Elista, April 16, 2013 in the Kalmykia region of Russia.', 'PHOTO: Russian  President Vladimir Putin  speaks during a meeting with minsters and officials in Elista, April 16, 2013 in the Kalmykia region of Russia.', "PHOTO: Russian President Vladimir Putin  is attacked by an activist of the Ukrainian women rights group 'Femen' as German Chancellor Angela Merkel looks on during their visit of the industrial ...", 'PHOTO: Russian  President Vladimir Putin  is attacked by an activist of the Ukrainian women rights group \'Femen\' as German Chancellor Angela Merkel looks on during their visit of the industrial exhibition "Hannover Messe," April 8, 2013, in Hannover, German', 'PHOTO: Russian President Vladimir Putin , speaks to a young boy suring the Christmas service in the Trinity St. George Monastery in Sochi, Russia, Jan. 7, 2013.', 'PHOTO: Russian  President Vladimir Putin , speaks to a young boy suring the Christmas service in the Trinity St. George Monastery in Sochi, Russia, Jan. 7, 2013.', 'PHOTO: Russian President Vladimir Putin  speaks to a boy as he attends the Christmas service in the Trinity St. George Monastery in Sochi, Russia, Jan. 7, 2013.', 'PHOTO: Russian  President Vladimir Putin  speaks to a boy as he attends the Christmas service in the Trinity St. George Monastery in Sochi, Russia, Jan. 7, 2013.', 'PHOTO: Russian President Vladimir Putin  gestures as he speaks at a State Council meeting in the Kremlin in Moscow, Dec. 27, 2012.', 'PHOTO: Russian  President Vladimir Putin  gestures as he speaks at a State Council meeting in the Kremlin in Moscow, Dec. 27, 2012.', 'PHOTO: Russian President Vladimir Putin  speaks during a news conference in Moscow, Russia, Dec. 20, 2012.', 'PHOTO: Russian  President Vladimir Putin  speaks during a news conference in Moscow, Russia, Dec. 20, 2012.', 'PHOTO: People lay flowers on a monument dedicated to victims of political repression during an opposition protest marking the first anniversary of the start of protests against Vladimir Putin , in ...', 'PHOTO: People lay flowers on a monument dedicated to victims of political repression during an opposition protest marking the first anniversary of the start of protests against  Vladimir Putin , in Moscow, on Dec. 15, 2012.', 'PHOTO: Russian President Vladimir Putin  prepares for a flight in a motorized hang glider, on the Yamal Peninsula, in Russia, Sept. 5, 2012.', 'PHOTO: Russian  President Vladimir Putin  prepares for a flight in a motorized hang glider, on the Yamal Peninsula, in Russia, Sept. 5, 2012.', 'PHOTO: Russian President Vladimir Putin  waits in a motorized hang glider next to a Siberian white crane, on the Yamal Peninsula, in Russia on Sept. 5, 2012.', 'PHOTO: Russian  President Vladimir Putin  waits in a motorized hang glider next to a Siberian white crane, on the Yamal Peninsula, in Russia on Sept. 5, 2012.', 'PHOTO: The cover of opposition leader Boris Nemtsov\'s report titled "The Life of A Galley Slave" about the wealth of Russian President Vladimir Putin , is presented in Moscow on Aug. 28, 2012.', 'PHOTO: The cover of opposition leader Boris Nemtsov\'s report titled "The Life of A Galley Slave" about the wealth of Russian  President Vladimir Putin , is presented in Moscow on Aug. 28, 2012.', "PHOTO: President Barack Obama participates in a bilateral meeting with Russia's President Vladimir Putin  during the G20 Summit, on June 18, 2012, in Los Cabos, Mexico.", "PHOTO: President Barack Obama participates in a bilateral meeting with Russia's  President Vladimir Putin  during the G20 Summit, on June 18, 2012, in Los Cabos, Mexico.", "PHOTO: President Barack Obama holds out a hand to shake to Russia's President Vladimir Putin  during a bilateral meeting at the G20 Summit, on June 18, 2012, in Los Cabos, Mexico.", "PHOTO: President Barack Obama holds out a hand to shake to Russia's  President Vladimir Putin  during a bilateral meeting at the G20 Summit, on June 18, 2012, in Los Cabos, Mexico.", 'PHOTO: Russian President Vladimir Putin  (R) shakes hands with his Syrian counterpart Bashar al-Assad during their meeting in Moscow, Jan. 25, 2005.', 'PHOTO: Russian  President Vladimir Putin  (R) shakes hands with his Syrian counterpart Bashar al-Assad during their meeting in Moscow, Jan. 25, 2005.', "PHOTO: Russia's outgoing president Dmitry Medvedev, left, and newly elected president Vladimir Putin  prepare to ski at the Rosa Khutor apline ski resort in Krasnaya Polyana, March 8, 2012.", "PHOTO: Russia's outgoing president Dmitry Medvedev, left, and newly elected  president Vladimir Putin  prepare to ski at the Rosa Khutor apline ski resort in Krasnaya Polyana, March 8, 2012."]