['Faris and Natasha Singh report:  Kate Stoltzfus  is one of the stars of TLC\'s reality TV hit, " Breaking Amish ." The series chronicles the Yes, probably." RELATED: \' Breaking Amish \' Stars Not Really Amish? Stoltzfus ', 'in extreme conditions. A recent TLC show called " Breaking Amish " has faced criticism recently for faking the backgrounds controversies didn\'t stop people from watching the shows. " Breaking Amish " remains popular, and "Man vs. Wild" was highly ', 'in extreme conditions. A recent TLC show called " Breaking Amish " has faced criticism recently for faking the backgrounds controversies didn\'t stop people from watching the shows. " Breaking Amish " remains popular, and "Man vs. Wild" was highly rated ', 'critic Michael Levine said. National Geographic\'s "Amish: Out Of Order" and Discovery sister-network TLC\'s " Breaking Amish " have also focused on the wilder side of Amish life. "It is a controversial concept and reality feeds on controversy ', 'the show " breaking amish ," are facing amish on " breaking amish ," broke Reporter: " Breaking amish " follows facebook page,  breaking amish , the truth profile shows  sabrina  in a tank shows that  rebecca  and  abe  have a baby ', 'amount of actual reality, which is why the producers of the show " breaking amish ," are facing a tough question this morning. Namely, are the stars of the show actually amish? Ron is here with more. Dan, this isn\'t the first time that a reality show has been accused of being, well, less than real. And this kind of thing is always disturbing to hear. Now, the allegations that the amish on " breaking amish ," broke away from their sheltered community years ago. It\'s the popular, new reality show about the amish. Those kind-hearted, god-fearing and technology-wary folks, living in sub sufficient communities. I wondered what it would be to drive a car. Reporter: " Breaking amish " follows four amish and one mennonite, as they trade the fields for the skyscrapers of the big apple. The show, quote, provides a never-before-seen look at the lives of young men and women, as they, for the first time, break out from their respective amish/mennonite communities. It\'s like a telegram just came through. Reporter: " Breaking amish " is breaking through in the ratings game, as well. Averaging 3 million viewers for the first two episodes. Now, this bombshell. The main allegation is that the cast members left the amish society well before the taping of the show. Reporter: According to this facebook page, breaking amish , the truth, shows kate entering a best smile contest. This facebook group claims that profile shows sabrina in a tank top. And this shows that rebecca and abe have a baby. Tlc responded to the controversy. There\'s a lot of information floating around about the group featured on " breaking amish ." Much of it is not true. But some of it is. And is addressed in upcoming episodes. The sunglasses. I will wear ', 'One of the stars of the reality show " breaking amish " caused a sensation leaving behind her roots for a her old one. One of the stars of tlc\'s smash hit " breaking amish " chronicling the lives of five young amish who move ', 'One of the stars of the reality show " breaking amish " caused a sensation leaving behind her roots for a new life and a new twist. A lot of people talking. A lot ', 'for her old one. One of the stars of tlc\'s smash hit " breaking amish " chronicling the lives of five young amish who move to new york city going between their old life centered around their faith ', 'sale. We manage certain production and time constraints while honoring the home-buying process. Then, tlc\'s " breaking amish ." Some characters may be faking amish, allegedly having left the faith years ago. Tlc and producers said, much ', 'certain production and time constraints while honoring the home-buying process. Then, tlc\'s " breaking amish ." Some characters may be faking amish, allegedly having left the faith years ago. Tlc and producers said, much information about the show ', "amish. It's almost -- match made in heaven. Reporter: National geographic's amish out of order and tlc's  breaking amish  is focused on the wirld side of amish life. It's a controversial concept and reality feeds on controversy. It's ", "made in heaven. Reporter: National geographic's amish out of order and tlc's breaking amish is focused on the wirld side of amish life. It's a controversial concept and reality feeds on controversy. It's outrageous. It's mysterious. "]