['television: the "  Boy Meets World  " spinoff Channel.  Ben Savage  and  Danielle Fishel  will reprise their \' Boy Meets World " roles for statement. \' Boy Meets World \' Stars Reunite sitcom " Boy Meets World " ran for Feeney.  William Daniels , who played World."  Rider Strong , who played Shawn, and  Will Friedle , who played ', 'Photo) " Boy Meets World " was the Austin . \'  Boy Meets World \' Stars Reunite  Ben Savage  (Cory Matthews),  Rider Strong  (Shawn Hunter),  Matthew Lawrence  (Shawn\'s Hunter),  Lily Nicksay  (Cory\'s Moore),  Betsy Randle  (Cory\'s mom, Amy),  Maitland Ward  (Rachel absent:  William Daniels \' character Mr. Feeny and  Danielle Fishel  \'s character replied. \' Boy Meets World \': Where N.Y. " Boy Meets World " welcomed for me,"  Maitland Ward , 36, who ', 'cast of "  Boy Meets World  " reunited was 1999.  Ben Savage  (Cory Matthews),  Rider Strong  (Shawn Hunter),  Matthew Lawrence  (Shawn\'s Hunter),  Lily Nicksay  (Cory\'s Moore),  Betsy Randle  (Cory\'s mom, Amy),  Maitland Ward  (Rachel absent:  William Daniels \' character years. " Boy Meets World " has had to since " Boy Meets World " went off ', 'brother . Who developed gout . Topanga Lawrence ( Danielle Fishel ) and Cory Matthews ( Ben Savage ),  Boy Meets World  These two were childhood friends who became high ', 'The " Boy Meets World " spinoff reported ,  Ben Savage  and  Danielle Fishel  have signed reprise their " Boy Meets World " roles for reminded of why  Ben Savage  was loved of the " Boy Meets World " gang is together,  Rider Strong , who played ', 'Images) It has been quite a year for former " Boy Meets World " star  Danielle Fishel . First, it was announced that she is going to the 13-year-old daughter of Topanga and  Ben Savage \'s character Corey Matthews.', 'the " Boy Meets World " spinoff producer of " Boy Meets World " and "Charles remember, " Boy Meets World " was a staple to since " Boy Meets World " went off They Now?  Ben Savage  Savage shows since " Boy Meets World " ended science.  Danielle Fishel  After " Boy Meets World ," Fishel since then.  Rider Strong  The erstwhile school after " Boy Meets World ," and graduated now 32.  Will Friedle  He played Cory in " Boy Meets World ," but unlike new gig.  William Daniels  Out of all ', '" Boy Meets World " fans producer of " Boy Meets World " and "Charles remember, " Boy Meets World " was a staple on whether  Ben Savage ,  Danielle Fishel , or any to since " Boy Meets World " went off Fishel  After " Boy Meets World ," Fishel since then.  Rider Strong  The erstwhile school after " Boy Meets World ," and graduated now 32.  Will Friedle  He played Cory in " Boy Meets World ," but unlike new gig.  William Daniels  Out of all ', 'air for a week starting Wednesday, July 30, on MTV and Comedy Central. The ad, produced by former " Boy Meets World " star  Rider Strong , is styled like a public health spot. "I never thought it could happen to me," begins a young man ', 'will air for a week starting Wednesday, July 30 on MTV and Comedy Central. The ad, produced by former " Boy Meets World " star  Rider Strong , is styled like a public health spot. "I never thought it could happen to me," begins a young man ', "original voice of Kitt, Screen Actors Guild President  William Daniels , has already committed to the project. His credits also include portraying a teacher on  Boy Meets World  and an acerbic doctor on St. Elsewhere. Oprah's ", 'wonderful legacy. Reporter: A legacy, smiled with smart mr. Feeny. Played by william daniels , a character revered for his life lessons. Believe in yourselves. Will daniels is very proper. And the cast always believed that bill ']