['episodes from six other series: " Big Love ." After five seasons, HBO\'s polygamy series " Big Love " went off the air in March with a bang. Series star Bill Henrickson ( Bill Paxton ) died after getting shot by a neighbor ', 'HBO\'s polygamy series " Big Love " went off the air Sunday star Bill Henrickson ( Bill Paxton ) dies. He gets shot THE JARRING SCENE FROM " BIG LOVE " SEASON FINALE Bill Paxon Fresh Air. Show producer  Mark Olsen  said that initially Paxon ', 'director and stars Julianne Moore and  Amanda Seyfried . But Liam Neeson , the third star the HBO series about polygamy, " Big Love ." She said of her role on the them because I was working on " Big Love ". It\'s not a commitment anymore ', 'm. ET slot.) Meryl Streep,  Chloe Sevigny \'s Wins; Ricky Gervais\' Jokes brought back to life on screen.  Chloe Sevigny  accepted her Golden Globe for her supporting role in HBO\'s " Big Love " with style, grace and a divine ', 'feel-good shows that can hopefully give NBC ratings a boost.  Big Love : 10 p.m. Sunday, Jan. 10 on HBO Dos Santos calls positively hot right now. The show, along with star  Bill Paxton , are up for Golden Globes. This season expect more ', 'HBO\'s hit series " Big Love " that the church first season of " Big Love " aired more than blogosphere and " Big Love " message boards third season of " Big Love " premiered last in Texas," said  Mark Olsen , co-creator of ', 'of HBO\'s hit series " Big Love ," which chronicles the raid in Texas," said  Mark Olsen , the co-creator of Good or Bad for HBO\'s \' Big Love \'? "Both Scheffer and of the raid in Texas " Big Love " was on hiatus, a coincidence ', 'Monday, 9 p.m.  Big Love  HBO is bringing back " Big Love " in a big way Bill (played by  Bill Paxton ), who tries expect Barbara ( Jeanne Tripplehorn ), Nicolette and Margene ( Ginnifer Goodwin ) to take their ', 'don\'t call me Shirley.) "Twister" (1996) -- Before  Bill Paxton  became TV\'s most famous polygamist on HBO\'s " Big Love ," he was a weatherman trying to get his storm-chaser ', "and it's called once upon a time new spin on some of your favorite fairy tales. Jennifer good when He recognized from  big love  it anymore. Incredible performances as one of the stars thanks for being with us they gave me great modern take them ", 'of your favorite fairy tales. Jennifer good when He recognized -- from big love it anymore. Incredible performances as one of the stars thanks for being with us they gave me -- great modern take them ', "years ago many mormons have disliked. They show stars  Bill Paxton  as a member of a breakaway Mormon group that still practices doesn't seem that way at all. Now the producers a  big love  say they have crafted in endowments scene with a lot ", 'the air three years ago many mormons have disliked. They show stars Bill Paxton as a member of a breakaway Mormon group that still practices polygamy which -- mainstream Mormon Church. Fans in 1890. -- -- ']