["contestant just got super angry at how she was treated by  Simon Cowell  is not an American Idol this on  Britain ' s got talent  and now she is suing him for three point eight million ", "some contestant just got super angry at how she was treated by Simon Cowell is not an American Idol this -- on Britain's got talent and now she is suing him for three point eight million dollars that -- I'm sure you're wondering. What exactly was -- ", "might have heard that name. He's a guy who won  Britain ' s got talent . He was just a cell phone salesman working in day Clinton saying in front of American Idol terrorists  Simon Cowell  also won the competition and now he's one of the ", "pol -- might have heard that name. He's a guy who won Britain's got talent He was just a cell phone salesman working in -- -- -- day in a cell phone store. You Clinton saying in front of American Idol terrorists Simon Cowell also won the competition and now he's one of the biggest rising names in music celestial and talk to -- about that. ", "that people of Britain have just voted a dog more talented than human contestants on  Britain ' s got talent  I don't know what that means. Let's just leave it there. This little verbal with a fancy feet just 1800. And bonds leaf ", "have just voted a dog more talented than -- human contestants on Britain's got talent I don't know what that means. Let's just leave it there. This little verbal with a fancy feet just 1800. And bonds ", "come from former. Roughly from my left foot which Robyn wants you to meet mr. zip. in for  Britain ' s got talent  what do you say we take a listen. Remind you.", "foot which Robyn wants you to meet mr. zip. -- in for Britain's got talent what do you say we take a listen. Remind ", "in fifteen countries in the world I mean it's like a fairy tale story. And then Jonathan plunged ripping up  Britain ' s got talent . Simon suggested he did his friend and go it alone but this said no he insisted she's coming along for the ride ", "like a fairy tale story. And then Jonathan -- plunged ripping up Britain's got talent Simon suggested he did his friend and go it alone but this -- said no he insisted she's coming along for the ", "A teenage singer who floored the judges and the audience that  Britain ' s got talent  is drying comparisons to Susan Boyle. Listen to Jonathan sing and you'll see why. And just seven. Teen but listen to that ", "A teenage singer who floored the judges and the audience that Britain's got talent is drying comparisons to Susan Boyle. Listen to Jonathan -- sing and you'll see why. -- And -- -- just seven. Teen ", "general running out of time it. Storage. Things happen I think that you can tell. Finally had neither dog who won  Britain ' s got talent  last week and almost like Fuzzy may enjoying the spoils of six just a little too much. He's gotten a little ", "I think that you can tell. Finally had neither dog who won Britain's got talent last week and almost like Fuzzy may -- enjoying the spoils of six just a little too much. He's gotten a little ", "she play the wife of British opera singer Paul you're not. An earlier shot to fame after taking top prize on  Britain ' s got talent  to 2007. Historic incredibly it's on bus driver. singing after being bullied relentlessly as a child. Weinstein ", "not. An earlier shot to fame after taking -- top prize on Britain's got talent to 2007. Historic incredibly it's on -- bus driver. -- singing after being bullied relentlessly as a child. Weinstein the man behind ", "Remember. You and I spent some quality time did with Putney the amazing he was that the food she was champion on  Britain ' s got talent  in London. We knew he seemed little preoccupied didn't need right wheel now has been discovered that is hard ", "amazing -- he was that the food she was -- champion on Britain's got talent in London. We knew he seemed -- little preoccupied didn't need right wheel now has been discovered that -- is hard at ", "Hutus danced his way to the top three weeks ago on  Britain ' s got talent . Do you think build. This fancy feet want 800000 Has life changed dramatically since winning that  Britain ' s got talent . You know I I never ever expected in needs to ", "-- Hutus danced his way to the top three weeks ago on Britain's got talent Do you think -- build. -- -- -- -- -- -- -- This fancy feet want -- 800000 dollars -- the popular ", "opponents inciting -- -- fans. Has life changed dramatically since winning that Britain's got talent You know I I never ever expected in -- -- needs to win and management -- -- not to -- keeps me. ", "Meet the news seasonal. And He brought down house on  Britain ' s got talent  with a dramatic rendition of nursery The first laughed at the 35 real drama teacher later in the game standing things. Take a", "Meet the news seasonal. And -- He brought down house on Britain's got talent with a dramatic rendition of nursery -- The -- first laughed at the 35 real drama teacher later in the game standing ", "last night. Friends insist that she was not kissing one of her dancers while performing her song pack can't On  Britain ' s got talent . is is a lot of women's live I mean we let But solo shows what did gas cheaper for Against with the stars I ", "of her dancers while performing her song pack can't -- -- On Britain's got talent -- is is a lot of women's -- live I mean we let -- -- But solo shows what -- did -- ", "of the Obama administration. In most cases fifteen minutes of seems more and generates an exception and look to  Britain ' s got talent . Okay. Minutes of fame. Good Morning America David Wright ABC news for Susan well I'd like to see more than ", "minutes of -- seems more and generates an exception and look to Britain's got talent Okay. Minutes of fame. Good Morning America David Wright ABC news -- -- for Susan well I'd like to see more than ", "York public property. Reality television messes with contestants head. IG. Okay. After merely auditioning for  Britain ' s got talent . And orbiting international Scottish singer Susan Boyle quickly ended up in the hospital suffering emotional exhaustion ", "Reality television messes with contestants head. IG. Okay. After merely auditioning for Britain's got talent And orbiting -- international -- Scottish singer Susan Boyle quickly ended up in the hospital suffering emotional exhaustion. What ethical concerns do ", "is just gone absolutely viral. You to more than thirty million people have tuned in to see Susan Boyle. From  Britain ' s got talent  take a look at this. How you season. I am forced to separate. And justice once I don't make ninety. He needs "]