['Aaron Paul and Neil Patrick Harris anounce the nominations for the 2013 primetime emmy awards.', "never won Hannah and immediate thing  Bryan Cranston  you think this Elise and you know it it's  breaking bad  year that if you know I've but I thought last was  breaking bad  idea yeah. the homeland so. I wouldn't ", "here for an award that he's never won Hannah and immediate thing Bryan Cranston you think this -- -- Elise and you know it it's breaking bad year that if you know I've but I thought last -- was breaking bad idea yeah. -- the homeland -- so. I wouldn't go with me on the Alhambra. I'm going -- a -- it's it's ", "loaded category right there that's that's fantastic  Bryan Cranston  Jeff Daniels tremendous stuff. You know I want askew nominated this category is loaded will finally be  breaking bad  here will we see more great. More from an empty throats ", "you know you've got a loaded category right there that's that's fantastic Bryan Cranston -- -- -- Jeff Daniels tremendous stuff. You know I want askew McChrystal -- -- about -- categories the best drama category if you don't want to didn't get nominated that they'll be also -- -- -- it could be six way tie for first boardwalk empire the American scandal when news from all not nominated this category is loaded will -- finally be breaking bad here will we see more great. More from an empty -- throats could it could rise up I mean no or ordered ", 'The stolen  breaking bad  script could the hit show  breaking bad  he says science winning actor  Bryan Cranston  recently suffered where they hit  AMC  series is price. Now  breaking bad  Charles baker Discussing the  breaking bad  script over ', "cast is hoping no one finds out what it is. The stolen breaking bad script could spell very bad news for this hit shutout. Chemistry is the study of matter on the hit show breaking bad he says science teacher turned meth makers -- no one should dare mess -- I am. Not in danger. The danger but any winning actor Bryan Cranston recently suffered a real life breaking -- And this morning the secrets of the -- much anticipated series finale is in jeopardy. -- mutually inclusive. But Brian BRY hay had the currency -- New York they hadn't -- video. In these just released 911 tapes. Hoping he'll get. And I need to report breaking and entering into my automobile. Cranston tells New Mexico police that on March 1 he parked his car not far from where they hit AMC series is -- badly mistaken for somebody else. Police say this and -- -- -- McAfee smashed the actors passenger side window. ", "plot line of the hit show  breaking bad  soon to be returning for on the air. The wait for  AMC 's mad men is almost over following like a cult of  breaking bad  I am not to in The danger That's Emmy winning actor  Bryan Cranston  playing a science teacher not far from where they hit  AMC  series is badly mistaken ", "for their favorites to come back on the air. The wait for AMC's mad men is almost over. After ten months played -- -- back on April 7 some needed game of -- fix your brother is a good month. It also took ten month -- EPO fantasy thriller is back on some. Chemistry is the study of matter there is however no cult following like a cult of breaking bad I am not to -- in -- The danger the ANC hit that draws in nearly three million viewers a week is in its fifth and final season. But fans may be clamoring for a much anticipated series finale. That is -- thirty. That's Emmy winning actor Bryan Cranston playing a science teacher turned meth maker. -- -- -- -- Brian BRY -- at Princeton New York they -- -- video. And this is him in the real world. In just released 911 tapes. -- -- -- -- -- to report breaking and entering into my automobile. Cranston tells New Mexico police that on March 1 he parked his car not far from where they hit AMC series is -- badly mistaken for somebody else. Police say this man -- -- -- McAfee. Smashed the actors passenger side window ", "the fourth season of  breaking bad . The series B and that has won its star  Bryan Cranston  three count them three about the fourth season  breaking bad  but right now. Let's take a look at  Bryan Cranston  in action as Walter ", "amazing is happening now this summer. We have the fourth season of breaking bad . The series B and C series that has won its star Bryan Cranston three count them three consecutive innings. -- Bryant from a lot of different things including Malcolm in the Middle -- but yes this is the goal from. Brian will be with -- in just a minute to tell us all about the fourth season breaking bad but right now. Let's take a look at Bryan Cranston in action as Walter White. In breaking. What is in this way they don't. Beings. Being this. Castor beans. So what are ", 'comedy wit. Next stop, the  amc  party. Good morning, america! Reporter: Where " breaking bad " winner  aaron paul  was working the crowd ceiling. But jon hamm, " breaking bad \'s"  bryan cranston , just shooting the breeze ', 'family," they were high with the best comedy wit. Next stop, the amc party. Good morning, america! Reporter: Where " breaking bad " winner aaron paul was working the crowd. Overnight, no dancing on the ceiling. But jon hamm, " breaking bad\'s " bryan cranston , just shooting the breeze. Over at the hbo bash. The hair. Dancing, lloyd from "entourage." Back at the governor\'s ball. I think ', "won three Emmys and The Sopranos won a bunch of and then since then we've basically seen you know  Bryan Cranston  win and shows like  breaking bad  win. And mad men so that show came along and really just kind of changed the landscape of what we ", "bunch of -- and then since then we've basically seen you know Bryan Cranston win and shows like breaking bad win. And mad men so that show came along and really just kind of changed the landscape of what we watch and ", "her look around. In the  breaking bad  series finale TV event anticipated coming up next alerts.  breaking bad  final season could be ruined on the air. The wait for  AMC 's mad men is almost over following like the cult of  breaking bad  I am not in danger. The That's Emmy winning actor  Bryan Cranston  playing a science teacher far from where they hit  AMC  series is badly mistaken ", "for their favorites to come back on the air. The wait for AMC's mad men is almost over. After a ten month hiatus it's back on April 7 some needed game of drones fix your -- a dead man. It also took ten month -- -- DO fantasy thriller is back on Sunday. Chemistry is the study of matter there is however no cult following like the cult of breaking bad I am not in danger. The danger the ANC hit that draws in nearly three million viewers a week is in its fifth and final season. But fans may be clamoring for a much anticipated series finale. That is in jeopardy. That's Emmy winning actor Bryan Cranston playing a science teacher turned meth maker. Can -- truly conclude its Brian BRY. At Princeton New York City and head video. And this is him in the real world. In just released 911 tapes. -- -- -- And -- -- to report breaking and entering into my automobile. Cranston tells New Mexico police that on March 1 he parked his car not far from where they hit AMC series is -- badly mistaken for somebody else. Police say this man -- -- here McAfee. Smashed the actors passenger side window ", 'It right heavily Each 600. And six and 2000. Hours you should just cut yeah. Yes and. I mean this whole thing  breaking bad . It is that this is starting late. This fourth season is in July and that makes you not here to win and in equitable ', 'you should just cut yeah. Yes and. I mean this whole thing breaking bad . It is that this is starting late. This fourth season is in July and that makes you not here to win -- ', 'Breaking bad  star  Bryan Cranston  took his first turn hosting Saturday Night Live this week. The Emmy award showed off his mark humorous side Okay. You know my.', 'Breaking bad star Bryan Cranston took his first turn hosting Saturday Night Live this week. The Emmy award -- showed off his mark humorous side -- Okay. ', 'Bryan Cranston  chats about playing a CIA director in charge of rescuing six trapped Americans.', "Coincidence life imitating art on show  breaking bad Bryan Cranston  plays a man named Walter White. Who was a meth sheriff's office placed him on its most wanted list.  Bryan Cranston . On the other side of that has won three consecutive ", "Coincidence life imitating art on -- show breaking bad Bryan Cranston plays a man named Walter White. Who was a meth dealer in real life. A man named Walter White is wanted for violating probation on. A -- charge this is the real Walter White he's 55 years old he was convicted in 2008 of making methamphetamine. He was arrested earlier this year and when he missed a court appearance the Tuscaloosa county sheriff's office placed him on its most wanted list. Bryan Cranston . On the other side of that has won three consecutive Emmys for playing a Walter White teacher who turns to doing backed ", 'Gabriel Byrne in treatment.  Bryan Cranston breaking bad . Michael C. Hall Dexter cable shows like mad men and  breaking bad  on  AMC  were nominated for awards To have Brian Cranston  breaking bad  nominated in the best actor ', 'Then nominees for lead actor and drama series. Gabriel Byrne in treatment. Bryan Cranston breaking bad Michael C. Hall Dexter. Jon Hamm mad -- picnic. Hilario house. And Jane spader Boston Legal. He made for television movie nominations ', "cable. Series like mad man's man  breaking bad . I got nominations that  Bryan Cranston  and dad in Malcolm and got nominated. Actor drama for  breaking bad . Mad men got multiple nominations breakthrough for basic cable that's on  AMC  yes yeah. He did to new category host ", "basic basic cable series not pay cable. Series like mad man's man breaking bad . I got nominations that Bryan Cranston and dad in Malcolm and got nominated. Actor drama for breaking bad . Mad men got multiple nominations including best drama and so that's a real breakthrough for basic cable that's on AMC yes yeah. He did to new category host of a reality show of all things it's just it's fascinating is that it's ", "and a away for late may. That they had for ensemble drama down at Downton Abbey Claire Danes for homeland  Bryan Cranston  for  breaking bad  so on and so forth and Daniel Day-Lewis for Lincoln no shocker there are so good. Learning what's amazing ", "had for ensemble drama down at Downton Abbey Claire Danes for homeland Bryan Cranston for breaking bad so on and so forth and Daniel Day-Lewis for Lincoln no shocker there are so good. Learning what's amazing and I would ", "Emmy award winning drama  breaking bad  in thanks so much show knowing about show on  AMC  way and do not know about stuff and it's all  breaking bad  what is that referring television shows that and  breaking bad  very lucky with and you ", "Gunn who -- Skyler white hand in c.'s Emmy award winning drama breaking bad in -- thanks so much show for being here. Now from people who don't know about this show sometimes it's a little below the radar when it comes to people knowing about -- show on AMC way and do not know about Madden and Britain that is getting a lot of critical acclaim -- -- folks who don't ", 'legacy case which lets. A stellar episode. Also  Bryan Cranston  was pretty much had a monopoly on this category for the last three years. is not in the running for  breaking bad  because  breaking bad  did not aired during the qualifying time for the ', 'at this particular -- legacy case which lets. A stellar episode. Also Bryan Cranston was pretty much had a monopoly on this category for the last three years. -- is not in the running for breaking bad because breaking bad did not aired during the qualifying time for the -- so. I think that opens up the road for of course Don ', "man again do you think he's alive or easy enough he's never won he's been nominated four times but.  Bryan Cranston  from  breaking bad  keeps stealing it from. Maybe maybe the year that and get seventeen nominations. Means it's did that ", "or easy enough he's never won he's been nominated four times but. Bryan Cranston from breaking bad keeps stealing it from. Maybe maybe the year that and get seventeen nominations. Means it's did that can record breaking. Best dramatic "]