['2009, when recession-era  tax credits  fueled the first-time market the bodies. LINK PRESIDENT  OBAMA  ABC News\' Devin Dwyer: "  Obama \'s Economic Roadshow: Will series of speeches by President  Obama  that will "lay out his vision ', "health care law. Boehner's vow was instigated by the  Obama  administration's decision last week to postpone implementation 2015 does not affect employees' access to the premium  tax credits  available under the ACA or any other provision of the ", "benefits, subsidies granted under President  Obama 's healthcare law, and  tax credits . In the second decade after the law is put Medicaid, government-subsidized insurance and  tax credits  for new immigrants. But increased federal revenues ", 'estimated that a  bipartisan  immigration proposal being pushed by a  bipartisan  group of senators through President  Obama \'s health care taxes. LINK ONLINE  TAX BILL  The Hill\'s Bernie approves online sales  tax bill  " The Senate on ', "PM Note: Inside the Red Zone, Dissecting a Coming 'Train wreck', 'Enough Bushes', Taxing the Internet", 'So-Called Internet Sales  Tax Bill , Explained - That 1990s Boehner all say yes. The  Obama  administration isn\'t quite train wreck" unless the  Obama  administration does a better Gang." abcn.ws/ZvsYd3  Obama : Thank Bush If Immigration ', "that today President  Obama  makes his third and HOUSE: President  Obama  yesterday issued that President  Obama  got standing ovations we're going to find  bipartisan  solutions, the president scale. Corporate  tax credits  that can benefit ", "roundtable debates President  Obama 's charm offensive, Sen senators dining with President  Obama  this week; DNC Chair Rep staying broken. President  Obama 's move to dine and even a bump in their property  tax bill  this year, thanks to economic ", "bomb suspected terrorists on foreign lands as part of the  Obama  administration's targeted killing program. The filibuster plane headquartered in New York. He also filibustered a  tax bill  in 1992 in order to protect New York jobs. The best part ", "PM Note: It's the Secrecy, Stupid, Brennan Confirmed, Levin Retiring, Drugs vs. Money", "reinforced by President  Obama . They're now opposed libertarians, anti- Obama  forces and civil-liberty filibuster of President  Obama 's drone war was to defend President  Obama . He was the lone in their property  tax bill  this year, thanks ", 'ASHEVILLE, N.C. - President  Obama  today kicks off a three-day, post-State illustrates the positive economic trends that  Obama  claimed credit for in his address Tuesday next five years. "Training grants,  tax credits , a fair business tax rate, those things ', 'during his response to President  Obama \'s State of the Union address http://abcn.ws/XzT9wa  OBAMA  HITS THE ROAD AGAIN: President  Obama  takes his State of the Union Dwyer. "Training grants,  tax credits , a fair business tax rate ', 'I am pleased to announce. At this hour the United States senate is moving forward on package. Tax cuts. As strong  bipartisan  support. This proves that both parties can in fact work together to grow our economy and look out for the American people ', 'States senate is moving forward on -- package. Tax cuts. As strong bipartisan support. This proves that both parties can in fact work together to grow our economy and look out for the American people. ', 'uncle locally they. As  Obama  care. Is under fire again introduce our president Barack  Obama . Oh yeah. Morgan four qualify for health care  tax credits . Middle class families much. known commonly as  Obama  care. One of those provisions ', 'digital special reports -- Affordable Care Act no uncle locally they. As Obama care. Is under fire again and so today the president will take his case to the public highlighting. A provision that requires ', "the White House today and I'm proud to introduce our president Barack Obama . Oh yeah. -- -- -- Morgan four. That introduction. And I want to thank all of you for being here there -- ", 'the American people to thank you very much. -- known commonly as Obama care. One of those provisions that will take effect before 2014. Will be in the beginning of October word online marketplace and ', 'special report President  Obama  is talking climate change congress to come up with a  bipartisan  market based solution president. This used to be a  bipartisan  issue. Six years ago the fight to extend.  Tax credits  for wind energy manufactures ', "York and this is an ABC news digital special report -- President Obama is talking climate change right now. At Georgetown University let's listen. Not everybody. Please be seated and my first announcement today is ", 'with a 360000. Dollar federal estate  tax bill  money she would not have had to pay and also with the case of course the  Obama  administration. Defending and speaking bring up Twitter because President  Obama . I had a few things to say regarding ', "very significant and also with the -- -- case of course the Obama administration. Defending and -- -- speaking out. Against city and in so. That's where the court. Has been significant in saying that ", 'reporting and its -- and -- you bring up Twitter because President Obama . I had a few things to say regarding the ruling -- -- -- -- congratulations. Message with the hash -- love is ', 'We are here we have some good news for the American people the salty By a wide  bipartisan  march. Both houses of congress have now passed a package of tax relief. protect the middle class. And what our economy. And ', 'good news for the American people the salty -- By a wide bipartisan march. Both houses of congress have now passed a package of tax relief. -- protect the middle class. And what -- our ', 'unfolding. As President  Obama  is set to meet with of what a Senator  Obama  would say to a program would a Senator  Obama  react to this kind lot qualify for  tax credits  that will in some authorized. By broad  bipartisan  majorities. To Authorized by congress.  Bipartisan  majorities have ', 'W. Bush was an -- 2007 and that story unfolding. As President Obama is set to meet with the president of China today in Palm Springs, California to discuss all things with the Chinese president ', "have an abcnews.com. About that about the reflections of what a Senator Obama would say to a program like this. Had -- -- obviously the course of history taken a different change. And I'm just wondering because the fact that he's getting the -- from someone. Such as senator Lindsey -- -- South Carolina how exactly would a Senator Obama react to this kind of a program actually -- we're getting at that minute I want to go to the president now ", 'does look like this  tax cut bill  is making its way Support for the  tax bill  just 29%. Saying potentially to the  Obama  health care law course. Deride as  Obama  care is. to come struck down the  Obama  administration saying senator working  bipartisan  solutions people ', "My first -- on the move yes it does look like this tax cut bill is making its way to the president's -- the senate expected. To pass something the next hurdle of course is the house. Where Kristen Holland saying that he is expecting not to put up procedural blockade -- But we have some very interesting breaking news actually about the tax -- ABC Washington Post poll out today showing. 69%. Support for the tax bill just 29%. Saying they oppose it. And this is after people are told -- that he -- -- and interestingly the party "]