["violation of the show. Will be free wrapping the first dance. I'm really thinking in Louisiana romantic touch can get  Bruno Tonioli  shouts it's. Who doesn't and the fact well I mean like I looked at a book I think until. It's not easy being ", "the first dance. I'm really thinking in Louisiana romantic touch can get Bruno Tonioli shouts it's. Who doesn't -- and the fact well I mean like I looked at a book I think until. It's not ", "candidates just What can Martinez win over the judges nursing a twisted ankle. so hopefully. You be able to do expects.  Bruno Tonioli  personal favorite all season Ricki days. Personal favorite for Carrie Ann Inaba Len Len Goodman JR's instant job ", "ankle. -- -- -- so hopefully. You be able to do expects. Bruno Tonioli personal favorite all season Ricki -- -- days. Personal favorite for Carrie Ann Inaba Len Len Goodman JR's instant job. And Kerry ", "now one of the judges told His jive was the worst he'd ever seen and that and is now demanding an apology and wants  Bruno Tonioli  to be reprimanded. Bolton said he flew his ninety year old mother and to see the show and never expected to be so ", 'seen and that -- and is now demanding an apology and wants Bruno Tonioli to be reprimanded. Bolton said he flew his ninety year old mother and to see the show and never expected to be ', "Sarah Palin's Alaska what we have she America. We'll hear from the Glenn Beck and Palin rally to restore order  Bruno Tonioli . Jon Stewart and Stephen Colbert your Rally to Restore Sanity during Apple introduces the iPad Len Goodman. And we ", 'hear from the -- Glenn Beck and Palin rally to restore order Bruno Tonioli . Jon Stewart and Stephen Colbert your Rally to Restore Sanity during -- -- Apple introduces the iPad Len Goodman. And we finally ', "Palin's Alaska but we'll narrative. There. Let's hear from the Glenn Beck and Palin rally to restore order  Bruno Tonioli . Jon Stewart and Stephen Colbert your Rally to Restore Sanity hearing album. Apple introduces the iPad. And we finally ", 'hear from the -- Glenn Beck and Palin rally to restore order Bruno Tonioli . Jon Stewart and Stephen Colbert your Rally to Restore Sanity hearing -- album. Apple introduces the iPad. -- -- And we finally ']