["to returned. To the US in the US is definitely putting pressure. On anyone including Russia and Russia's  president Vladimir Putin . To send back to the US and the US does have a little bit of a card that it is right now in about two months ", "the US is definitely putting pressure. On anyone including Russia and Russia's president Vladimir Putin . To send -- back to the US and the US does have a little bit of a card that it is -- ", 'bowl ring and whether russian  president vladimir putin  stole it or was given it as has that story. Reporter:  Vladimir putin  is a man would has everything at the kremlin but clearly  vladimir putin  does not love this new version ', "the escalating controversy swirling around a super bowl ring and whether russian president vladimir putin stole it or was given it as a gift by the owner of the new england patriots. The story keeps changing with the kremlin and robert kraft speaking out. Abc's nick watt has that story. Reporter: Vladimir putin is a man would has everything. Presidency of the largest country on earth and a great body. But he's never won the ", 'news he loves that his ring is at the kremlin but clearly vladimir putin does not love this new version of the story. For "good morning america," nick watt, abc news, los angeles. ', "airports frequent announcements. It's. Russian  president Vladimir Putin  has previously said can stay but only on one condition clear. He can't stay forever and that the is in  Vladimir Putin 's court. and Paula. thank you.", "things clear. He can't stay forever and that the -- is in Vladimir Putin's court. -- and Paula. -- -- thank you. ", "Joining the ranks of viral videos is Russia's  prime minister Vladimir Putin  Putin can be seen singing the classic blueberry hill for children's cancer fund raiser.", "Joining the ranks of viral videos is Russia's prime minister Vladimir Putin Putin can be seen singing the classic -- blueberry hill for children's cancer fund raiser. ", "awkward sit down between President Obama and Russia's  Vladimir Putin . The body language is pretty easy to read there these guys Middle East. Yesterday President Obama and Russian leader  Vladimir Putin  agreed that the bloodshed must stop and called for renewed ", "news this morning an awkward sit down between President Obama and Russia's Vladimir Putin . The body language is pretty easy to read there these guys aren't crazy about each other and -- major reason why is ", "more war in the Middle East. Yesterday President Obama and Russian leader Vladimir Putin agreed that the bloodshed must stop and called for renewed negotiations. But that's where their agreement and it's -- -- And it's ", "the Russian leader is now responding to the allegation by offering an odd and somewhat solution. ABC's is in Moscow.  Vladimir Putin  is finally addressing an international scandal that's hounded him all week. Accusations he stole a Super Bowl ring from ", "an odd and somewhat -- solution. ABC's -- -- is in Moscow. Vladimir Putin is finally addressing an international scandal that's hounded him all week. Accusations he stole a Super Bowl ring from New England Patriots ", "Obama's meeting with Russian  Vladimir Putin  we are joined now. By ABC opposition. Now Russian  president Vladimir Putin  who President Obama just dynamic here between Russian  president Vladimir Putin  and President Obama. I think ", "With more on all of that and president Obama's meeting with Russian Vladimir Putin we are joined now. By ABC news political director Rick Klein and ABC news White House reporter Mary Bruce was traveling with ", 'from other countries and has prospered by it. Mr. Snowden has that right. Reporter: As for the russians,  president vladimir putin  hinted there might be a way his country would grant snowden asylum. Saying -- there is one condition. He ', 'by it. Mr. Snowden has that right. Reporter: As for the russians, president vladimir putin hinted there might be a way his country would grant snowden asylum. Saying -- there is one condition. He has to stop ', "ways that we can have a return notwithstanding that we don't have an extradition treaty. Reporter: The  president vladimir putin  is going out of his way to flatly reject the request to send snowden back to the u.S. He told reporters on ", "a return notwithstanding that we don't have an extradition treaty. Reporter: The president vladimir putin is going out of his way to flatly reject the request to send snowden back to the u.S. He told reporters on ", "whistle blower. I'm he's apparently been stuck in limbo in transit in Moscow airports and Sunday today  president Vladimir Putin 's. Projected US government extradition request saying he like abolition go way. Saying this is quote just ", "bit on that because Siri is going to be brought up as you mention the fact of the matter is is that Russian  president Vladimir Putin  has a pretty strong words. For the rest of the G-8 countries about. They about Russia's position in supporting ", "as you mention the fact of the matter is is that Russian president Vladimir Putin has a pretty strong words. For the rest of the G-8 countries -- -- about. They about Russia's position in supporting Bashar ", 'carrying transmitters designed to beam internet service to billions of people unable to get online. Russian  president vladimir putin  is known for his flashy stunts. But this one may take the cake tonight. Putin allegedly snatched a super bowl ', 'beam internet service to billions of people unable to get online. Russian president vladimir putin is known for his flashy stunts. But this one may take the cake tonight. Putin allegedly snatched a super bowl championship ring ', "magazine's 2007. Person of the year there pick Russian  president Vladimir Putin . Putin the magazine said He was their pick because alike. There's something self confident about  Vladimir Putin 's Russia. Grand entrances. Grand It all seems ", "announcement of time magazine's 2007. Person of the year there pick Russian president Vladimir Putin . Putin the magazine said He was their pick because of the strength and his leadership. Recently our senior foreign correspondent Jim shoot -- travel to Russia and found that. Mr. Putin is a man who elicits strong feelings from supporters and detractors alike. There's something self confident about Vladimir Putin's Russia. Grand entrances. Grand -- It all seems well like the old Soviet days but with a different. President Putin is hugely ", "Russian  president Vladimir Putin  took a break from in the nuclear start treaty. The belt out a classic for some of Hollywood's crap and you could say he found ", "Russian president Vladimir Putin took a break from -- in the nuclear start treaty. The belt out a classic -- for some of Hollywood's -- crap ", "Thousands across Russia are protesting today. It's the latest demonstration against suspected election fraud and a growing challenge to  prime minister Vladimir Putin .", 'the latest demonstration against suspected election fraud and a growing challenge to prime minister Vladimir Putin . ', 'In Russia  Vladimir Putin  is president again and in a country where he is known as much secure reporting for us from Russia as they usher in a familiar  president .  Vladimir Putin  is headed back to the Kremlin tonight and in a rare show of ', "In Russia Vladimir Putin is president again and in a country where he is known as much for his wrestling of wild -- -- -- has wrestled his way back into the presidency. But not without controversy we usher in tonight ABC's secure -- -- reporting for us from Russia as they usher in a familiar president . Vladimir Putin is headed back to the Kremlin tonight and in a rare show of emotion tears from the tough man for twelve years ", "budget cuts over the next decade. Oversees America's economy is strong scathing criticism in Russia Russian  prime minister Vladimir Putin  described the US as a quote terror site on the world economy to a group of young people today. says the ", "next decade. Oversees America's economy is strong scathing criticism in Russia Russian prime minister Vladimir Putin described the US as a quote terror site on the world economy to a group of young people today. -- says the ", 'Russian  prime minister Vladimir Putin  has been out to provide outrageous photo but now President Dmitry Medvedev. Is joining and Check out this video of the two and ', 'Russian prime minister Vladimir Putin has been out to provide outrageous photo -- but now President Dmitry Medvedev. Is joining and -- Check out this video of ', 'considered a trove of sensitive information. In Russia this morning another day of unprecedented protests against  prime minister Vladimir Putin  who wants to become president again. Tens of thousands took to the streets yesterday. And today crowds ', 'sensitive information. In Russia this morning another day of unprecedented protests against prime minister Vladimir Putin who wants to become president again. Tens of thousands took to the streets yesterday. And today crowds numbered in the -- These ']