['lone cry. "Around that time, a fair amount of people were looking for modest options," says Nordstrom spokeswoman  Brooke White . That prompted the company to add a "modest" category on its website. Although the designation was later dropped ', 'infield. (Fortunately for Kristy Lee, most of the voting audience probably hasn\'t heard McBride\'s version.)  Brooke White  picked one of the blander and more overexposed singer/songwriter standards of the \'70s, Carole King\'s "You\'ve ', 'step, but it\'s deceiving. "I can\'t sleep on this thing. I keep thinking it\'s going to crash," he says.  Brooke White  frowns as she looks down at her white pants. Big spot. "Oh, well," she says, sighing, striding toward the arena\'s ', 'The top ten contestants of "American Idol\'s" Season 7 will be in a city near you this summer. The tour includes  Brooke White , Carly Smithson, Chikezie Eze, David Archuleta, Jason Castro, Kristy Lee Cook, Michael Johns, Ramiele Malubay ', 'going to pay $100 for jeans again," says Davis. The upscale chain has felt some economic chill, but spokeswoman  Brooke White  says, "While we may face short-term challenges, we focus our efforts on things within our control. Things like treating ', "earlier on in the season. And we are so happy to be joined today by Michael Johns Kristy Lee Cook Jason Castro and  Brooke White  guys thanks so much for joining us today. I think just. Evidence there's a lot of talk obviously in the news about ", "be joined today by Michael Johns Kristy Lee Cook Jason Castro and Brooke White guys thanks so much for joining us today. I think -- just. Evidence there's a lot of talk obviously in the news ", 'well masking tape. It not only and found. Completely broke in and hold the battery and but also tapes broken toes.  Brooke White  ready and makes you can on the campaign trail. So I I masking tape. And hand they just the masking it and it can go ', 'broke in and hold the battery and but also tapes broken toes. Brooke White -- ready and makes you can -- on the campaign trail. So I -- I -- -- masking tape. And hand they ', 'Samir protesters are actually walking into the path of bullets willingly. Does that help the Tibetan and Q&A. One.  Brooke White  is. in puddles of Tibetan. Sort of life. Not much. Just outside the Dali Lama temple today exiled Tibetans and vent ', 'willingly. Does that help the Tibetan -- and -- -- Q&A. One. Brooke White is. -- in puddles of Tibetan. Sort of -- -- life. Not much. Just outside the Dali Lama temple today exiled Tibetans ']