['the golden voice, is back on top with a new film and an upcoming tour. The Internet sensation and winner of " Britain \' s Got Talent " recently shot "The Christmas Candle" and described her first on-screen kiss as "lovely." Her first live ', 'Poor  Simon Cowell  . The famously snarky judge was pelted with eggs by a woman who stormed the stage during Saturday\'s finale of " Britain \' s Got Talent ." While opera-singing brothers Richard and Adam Johnson performed ', 'associated with bagpipes, there are several artists who hail from or got their start in Scotland, including " Britain \' s Got Talent \'s" Susan Boyle, Scottish/Northern Irish band Snow Patrol, rock band Big Country and indie band Frightened ', '2010 called "The Gift." Now, she\'s planning to make her feature-film debut in a Christmas movie. The " Britain \' s Got Talent " star will appear in "The Christmas Candle," a movie that\'s being shot in the U.K, The Hollywood Reporter ', 'appears official:  Simon Cowell  is dating "Baywatch guest judge on his " Britain \' s Got Talent ." During one audition shirt, fellow judge  David Walliams  snapped, "Stop looking The Intimate Life of  Simon Cowell " by writer Tom Bowers ', 'to the stage on France\'s version of "America\'s  Got Talent ." But she shocked judges and viewers when she took genuine surprise when Susan Boyle took to the stage on " Britain \' s Got Talent " in April 2009, and jolted the world with her angelic ', 'getting cozy with a microwave. "Baywatch" star  David Hasselhoff \'s latest role is playing Gunther "Mr. Lean seem a far fall from Hasselhoff\'s former gig on " Britain \' s Got Talent ," but as Mr. Lean says in the ad, "Life is all ', 'out George Clooney :  Simon Cowell  could steal your title guest judge on his " Britain \' s Got Talent ." During one audition shirt, fellow judge  David Walliams  snapped, "Stop looking The Intimate Life of  Simon Cowell " by writer Tom Bowers ', 'reality competition " Britain \' s Got Talent ." Not so say the neighbors Boyle, 51, faced on " Britain \' s Got Talent ,"  Simon Cowell  included, Miller and Keaveney before she tried out for " Britain \' s Got Talent ." She purchased a nearly ', 'lean." Still, "Baywatch" fans may be shocked by  David Hasselhoff \'s new turn as Gunther "Mr. Lean" Hasselhoff seem a far fall from Hasselhoff\'s former gig on " Britain \' s Got Talent ," but as Mr. Lean says in the ad, "life is all ', ' (Image Credit: Fred Duval/FilmMagic/Getty Images) The woman accused of breaking into " X-Factor" judge  Simon Cowell \'s London home and hiding in a closet appeared in court today. Leanne Zaloumis, 29, reportedly looked unkempt during ', 'Antoine, 17, brought the " Britain \' s Got Talent " audience to its feet over my side," he added. Judge  Simon Cowell  seemed especially skeptical to stay here as a duo." " Britain \' s Got Talent " has a history of launching ', 'of a sassy golden retriever doing the merengue, or a razzle-dazzle border collie shimmying to the beat on " Britain \' s Got Talent ," diehard fans from Texas to Tokyo can\'t get enough of a playful but serious brand of global dance competition ', "on the economy. Of  Simon Cowell . It's the hunger Idol that has made  Simon Cowell  it's America we He went on to create  Britain ' s got talent . Ready when He off climb that ladder. So  Simon Cowell  who came to the US ", "Lewis okay. But He didn't stop there He went on to create Britain's got talent Ready when He off. And we'll show that gave birth to YouTube sensations like Paul Potts and just last year the amazingly ", "contestant just got super angry at how she was treated by  Simon Cowell  is not an American Idol this on  Britain ' s got talent  and now she is suing him for three point eight million ", "some contestant just got super angry at how she was treated by Simon Cowell is not an American Idol this -- on Britain's got talent and now she is suing him for three point eight million dollars that -- I'm sure you're wondering. What exactly was -- ", "might have heard that name. He's a guy who won  Britain ' s got talent . He was just a cell phone salesman working in day Clinton saying in front of American Idol terrorists  Simon Cowell  also won the competition and now he's one of the ", "pol -- might have heard that name. He's a guy who won Britain's got talent He was just a cell phone salesman working in -- -- -- day in a cell phone store. You Clinton saying in front of American Idol terrorists Simon Cowell also won the competition and now he's one of the biggest rising names in music celestial and talk to -- about that. ", "that people of Britain have just voted a dog more talented than human contestants on  Britain ' s got talent  I don't know what that means. Let's just leave it there. This little verbal with a fancy feet just 1800. And bonds leaf ", "have just voted a dog more talented than -- human contestants on Britain's got talent I don't know what that means. Let's just leave it there. This little verbal with a fancy feet just 1800. And bonds ", "come from former. Roughly from my left foot which Robyn wants you to meet mr. zip. in for  Britain ' s got talent  what do you say we take a listen. Remind you.", "foot which Robyn wants you to meet mr. zip. -- in for Britain's got talent what do you say we take a listen. Remind ", "in fifteen countries in the world I mean it's like a fairy tale story. And then Jonathan plunged ripping up  Britain ' s got talent . Simon suggested he did his friend and go it alone but this said no he insisted she's coming along for the ride ", "like a fairy tale story. And then Jonathan -- plunged ripping up Britain's got talent Simon suggested he did his friend and go it alone but this -- said no he insisted she's coming along for the "]