['Getty Images Fans got a lot closer to  Bryan Cranston  than they realized, when the actor his character in the popular series " Breaking Bad " wearing a mask that gave him White\'s answering questions. He got his co-star  Aaron Paul  to join in the fun, too. Not surprisingly ', 'But it was not among the six nominees Thursday in the drama series category. The nominees were fellow  AMC  original series " Breaking Bad " and "Mad Men," \'\'Downton Abbey," \'\'Game of Thrones," \'\'Homeland" and the Netflix release ', 'category are " Breaking Bad ," \'\'Downton announced by  Aaron Paul , a previous winner for " Breaking Bad " and nominated Following." " Breaking Bad ," now in its final episodes on  AMC , goes out with with 31 and  AMC  and FX Networks ', 'Breaking Bad ,"  AMC ; "Downton Abbey Mad Men,"  AMC . Comedy Series Drama Series:  Bryan Cranston , " Breaking Bad ,"  AMC ; Hugh Bonneville Jonathan Banks, " Breaking Bad ,"  AMC ;  Aaron Paul , " Breaking Bad', 'Outstanding Drama Series  Breaking Bad  Dowton Abbey Game of Thrones Bonneville, Downton Abbey  Bryan Cranston ,  Breaking Bad  Jeff Daniels, The Newsroom Empire Johnathan Banks,  Breaking Bad Aaron Paul ,  Breaking Bad  Jim Carter, Downton Abbey ', 'Television Arts and Sciences. The nominees announced Thursday morning are: Hugh Bonneville, "Downton Abbey";  Bryan Cranston , " Breaking Bad "; Jeff Daniels, "The Newsroom"; Jon Hamm, "Mad Men"; Damian Lewis, "Homeland"; Kevin Spacey ', 'couldn\'t take off from Santa Fe, where she is on location. Mara had been scheduled to present the awards with  Aaron Paul  of " Breaking Bad ." Last year, Nick Offerman of "Parks and Recreation" was unable to co-host with Kerry Washington of ', 'aren\'t getting much sleep right now. At 8:35 a.m. EST, "House of Cards" actress Kate Mara and " Breaking Bad " star  Aaron Paul  will be on hand at the Television Academy\'s Leonard H. Goldenson Theatre in North Hollywood, Calif ', 'collected multiple trophies like three-time winner  Bryan Cranston  of " Breaking Bad ." British stage, screen and TV star Maggie crown, with other possible nominees including " Breaking Bad ," \'\'Game of Thrones" and "Downton" again ', 'Predicted Nominees: " Breaking Bad ," "Homeland said. She said " Breaking Bad " has a good chance Predicted Nominees:  Bryan Cranston , " Breaking Bad "; Jon Hamm Downton Abbey"  Bryan Cranston  has taken home the ', "nominations Kate Mara and  Aaron Paul  are going to be giving one of the stars of  AMC 's hit series.  Breaking bad  two time Emmy award winner  Aaron Paul . And filling in for Bonneville Downton Abbey.  Bryan Cranston breaking bad  and think Jeff Daniels ", 'in a drama series and the nominees are. Hugh Bonneville Downton Abbey. Bryan Cranston breaking bad and -- think Jeff Daniels the newsroom. Jon Hamm mad men -- Damione Lewis homeland. And Kevin Spacey house of cards. The ', "never won Hannah and immediate thing  Bryan Cranston  you think this Elise and you know it it's  breaking bad  year that if you know I've but I thought last was  breaking bad  idea yeah. the homeland so. I wouldn't ", "here for an award that he's never won Hannah and immediate thing Bryan Cranston you think this -- -- Elise and you know it it's breaking bad year that if you know I've but I thought last -- was breaking bad idea yeah. -- the homeland -- so. I wouldn't go with me on the Alhambra. I'm going -- a -- it's it's ", "loaded category right there that's that's fantastic  Bryan Cranston  Jeff Daniels tremendous stuff. You know I want askew nominated this category is loaded will finally be  breaking bad  here will we see more great. More from an empty throats ", "you know you've got a loaded category right there that's that's fantastic Bryan Cranston -- -- -- Jeff Daniels tremendous stuff. You know I want askew McChrystal -- -- about -- categories the best drama category if you don't want to didn't get nominated that they'll be also -- -- -- it could be six way tie for first boardwalk empire the American scandal when news from all not nominated this category is loaded will -- finally be breaking bad here will we see more great. More from an empty -- throats could it could rise up I mean no or ordered ", 'The stolen  breaking bad  script could the hit show  breaking bad  he says science winning actor  Bryan Cranston  recently suffered where they hit  AMC  series is price. Now  breaking bad  Charles baker Discussing the  breaking bad  script over ', "cast is hoping no one finds out what it is. The stolen breaking bad script could spell very bad news for this hit shutout. Chemistry is the study of matter on the hit show breaking bad he says science teacher turned meth makers -- no one should dare mess -- I am. Not in danger. The danger but any winning actor Bryan Cranston recently suffered a real life breaking -- And this morning the secrets of the -- much anticipated series finale is in jeopardy. -- mutually inclusive. But Brian BRY hay had the currency -- New York they hadn't -- video. In these just released 911 tapes. Hoping he'll get. And I need to report breaking and entering into my automobile. Cranston tells New Mexico police that on March 1 he parked his car not far from where they hit AMC series is -- badly mistaken for somebody else. Police say this and -- -- -- McAfee smashed the actors passenger side window. ", "plot line of the hit show  breaking bad  soon to be returning for on the air. The wait for  AMC 's mad men is almost over following like a cult of  breaking bad  I am not to in The danger That's Emmy winning actor  Bryan Cranston  playing a science teacher not far from where they hit  AMC  series is badly mistaken ", "for their favorites to come back on the air. The wait for AMC's mad men is almost over. After ten months played -- -- back on April 7 some needed game of -- fix your brother is a good month. It also took ten month -- EPO fantasy thriller is back on some. Chemistry is the study of matter there is however no cult following like a cult of breaking bad I am not to -- in -- The danger the ANC hit that draws in nearly three million viewers a week is in its fifth and final season. But fans may be clamoring for a much anticipated series finale. That is -- thirty. That's Emmy winning actor Bryan Cranston playing a science teacher turned meth maker. -- -- -- -- Brian BRY -- at Princeton New York they -- -- video. And this is him in the real world. In just released 911 tapes. -- -- -- -- -- to report breaking and entering into my automobile. Cranston tells New Mexico police that on March 1 he parked his car not far from where they hit AMC series is -- badly mistaken for somebody else. Police say this man -- -- -- McAfee. Smashed the actors passenger side window ", "the fourth season of  breaking bad . The series B and that has won its star  Bryan Cranston  three count them three about the fourth season  breaking bad  but right now. Let's take a look at  Bryan Cranston  in action as Walter ", "amazing is happening now this summer. We have the fourth season of breaking bad . The series B and C series that has won its star Bryan Cranston three count them three consecutive innings. -- Bryant from a lot of different things including Malcolm in the Middle -- but yes this is the goal from. Brian will be with -- in just a minute to tell us all about the fourth season breaking bad but right now. Let's take a look at Bryan Cranston in action as Walter White. In breaking. What is in this way they don't. Beings. Being this. Castor beans. So what are "]