['pride that it was one of the first things Cameron mentioned when he sat down with U.S. President Barack Obama at the  G8 summit  in Northern Ireland recently. "I see a British golfer has just won the United States Open," Cameron needled his golf-loving ', 'Germany later today. Obama and daughters Malia and Sasha have been taking in the sites while President Obama is busy in  G8 Summit  meetings. The first family received a private tour earlier today of Wicklow Mountains National Park and the famous monastic ', "photo-ops at the  G8 Summit  in Northern Ireland sidelines of the  G8 . Never mind the They're each  leaders  who kind of get right the latest from the  G8 Summit : http://abcn So House  leaders  have been meeting ", 'stories of the morning. 1. Obama, Putin Call for End to Violence in Syria Emerging from a two-hour meeting at the  G8 summit , President Obama and Russian President Vladimir Putin agreed that the bloodshed in Syria must stop and that there should ', 'Image credit: Evan Vucci/AP Photo SLIGO, IRELAND - Emerging from a two hour meeting at the  G8 summit , President Obama and Russian President Vladimir Putin agreed that the bloodshed in Syria must stop and that there should be a ', "SLIGO, Ireland - While President Obama is busy at the  G8 Summit , first lady Michelle Obama and daughters Malia and Sasha are off exploring their family's Irish roots. Visiting Trinity College ", "came just hours before the United Kingdom began the smaller  G8 summit  Monday. England's Prime Minister, David Cameron, and President Obama both spoke before reporters today at the  G8  but did not address The Guardian's allegations or Edward ", 'GAMING OUT THE  G8 : The civil war sits down with the  Group of Eight leaders  in Northern Ireland meeting with foreign  leaders  today with Prime European Union  Leaders  on the Transatlantic Ireland for the  G8 Summit . "You are their ', 'Northern Ireland for the  G8 Summit . "You are their proof peace may be negotiated by  leaders , but the fate of peace keep working closely with  leaders  in Stormont, and Dublin turns his attention to the  G8 Summit , where the crisis in ', 'the morning. 1. Syria Set to Top  G8 Summit  in Ireland The civil war in Syria sits down today with the Group of 8  leaders  in Northern Ireland. 2. Supreme intelligence agencies eavesdropped on world  leaders  in 2009. 5. Miss Connecticut Crowned ', 'sits down tomorrow with the  Group of Eight leaders  in Northern Ireland, just days president] to consult with all the  leaders  at the  G - 8  about both our chemical weapons able to discuss with the other  leaders  the importance of these programs ', 'watching in the week ahead: Need a  G - 8  President Obama leaves Sunday for a The main purpose of the trip is the  G8 summit , in Northern Ireland, where Syria NSA programs during their meeting.  G - 8  Summit to Press Russia on Syria Round ', 'Penny is one of our country\'s most distinguished business  leaders . She\'s got more than 25 years of management experience in representative. "He\'s been my point person at global forums like the  G8  and the G20 - and, by the way, when I say point person, he\'s ', "today to meet the world  leaders G - 8  summit. President is pleased to join these  leaders  to announce the launch welcoming me I guess to the  G - 8  and we'll be taking It is for the world  leaders  there that are attending ", "reports. President Obama is in NORTHERN IRELAND today to meet the world leaders -- G - 8 summit. President is expected to talk a possible transatlantic free trade agreement and before he takes the podium let's listen to British ", "on both sides of the Atlantic and I'm pleased to join these leaders to announce the launch of negotiations on a new trade agreement that will help us do just that. The trans Atlantic trade ", "people deserve. I very much look forward to working -- my fellow leaders to make it happen -- -- Give a strong mandate to our negotiators but occasionally I suspect we're gonna have to. -- ", 'President discusses Syria with Putin and possible free trade agreement with world  leaders .', "report it rather tense opening day to the  G - 8  summit in NORTHERN IRELAND. With the US because you have several members of the  G - 8  who were on the same page on this the president And for more on the opening day of the  G - 8  summit check out abcnews.com. I'm Tanya ", 'ABC news digital special report it rather tense opening day to the G - 8 summit in NORTHERN IRELAND. With the US and Russia already at odds over the civil war in Syria new revelations delivered by ', 'why this is so tricky because you have several members of the G - 8 who were on the same page on this the president -- President Obama joining them with his announcement on Friday about Syria ', "you. Thank you. And for more on the opening day of the G - 8 summit check out abcnews.com. I'm Tanya -- in new York and hasn't been an ABC news digital special report. This has been ", "scandal plagued president Obama's overseas trip with the  G - 8 leaders  and of course the loss of one of the truly great actors upset. I think especially gunmen hired. Seen as the EU  leaders  of this and so we need to try to figure out how to ", "for sure the wiretapping scandal plagued president Obama's overseas trip with the G - 8 leaders and of course the loss of one of the truly great actors of our time. Here's Friday we want. We don't have ", 'frightened very upset. I think especially gunmen hired. Seen as the EU leaders of this and so we need to try to figure out how to. Straight education better. Tony Soprano was one of the ', "Talks the  G - 8  summit formally Begin today but the heated citizens have been derailed. China's  leaders  believe that they can continue to open any additional threats. The focus of the  G - 8  summit is supposed to be on climate change ", "reforms that were once promised to empower citizens have been derailed. China's leaders believe that they can continue to open the nation's economy. Without opening its political system. We disagree. The president says the missile ", 'relaxed with other world  leaders  at the  g 8  sum it only hours after the outrage as the meeting of world  leaders  in northern ireland, the so-called  g8 . Snowden gave the "guardian similar meeting of world  leaders  in 2009. The "guardian ', 'blowers ambush. There you see president obama looking relaxed with other world leaders at the g 8 sum it only hours after the guardian revealed america had spied on its own allies. The latest bomb shell from edward snowden. ', 'nations the so called  group of eight  or  G - 8 . Is getting under way Raddatz is covering the  G - 8  summit. Charlie protesters agreement between all  G - 8  nations to cut greenhouse is not an enemy the two  leaders  have their first meeting ', "the annual meeting of the world's major industrialized nations the so called group of eight or G - 8 . Is getting under way in Germany under very tight security the security needed. That's nearly 70000 protesters gathered nearby our chief White House correspondent Martha Raddatz is covering the G - 8 summit. Charlie protesters blocked roads and railroad lines leading to the summit signed. The demonstrators were protesting globalization. Inside the meetings themselves the conflict is over climate change the key issue at this summit. German Chancellor Angela Merkel wants a binding agreement between all -- G - 8 nations to cut greenhouse gas emissions in half by 2050. The Bush Administration. Is standing in the way. At this point time -- not prepared to -- adopt that proposal. The administration does not want the G - 8 to dictate hard targets for reducing emissions preferring to let each nation voluntarily. Set its own goals. President Bush did his best to turn down the heat with Russia's president Vladimir Putin today. Gluten has threatened to turn Russian missiles towards Europe. If the US built a missile defense system on the continent. Mr. Bush told reporters today. Russia is not going to attack Europe Russia is not an enemy the two leaders have their first meeting here tomorrow. "]