["A cousin of skiing star Bode Miller fatally shot and ran over a police officer, then was killed by a passer-by who grabbed the officer's gun.Liko Kenney shot Cpl. Bruce McKay four times and ran over him after a traffic stop Friday evening, state Attorney General Kelly Ayotte said. Gregory Floyd, who was driving by with his son, grabbed McKay's gun and shot Kenney when he refused to put his gun down, Ayotte said.The 24-year-old Kenney was convicted of assaulting McKay and resisting arrest in 2003. Ayotte had no other details of that previous incident between the men, and rejected suggestions the officer should have let someone else handle the traffic stop given his history with the driver.Officials said McKay pulled Kenney over for speeding on Route 116. Kenney took off, and McKay pursued him for about 1 1/2 miles before pulling in front of Kenney's car and pushing it off the road.The officer used pepper spray on Kenney and his passenger and then turned around and was shot, Ayotte said ...", 'At his fourth Winter Olympic Games, Bode Miller wasn\'t expected to medal in today\'s men\'s downhill, held on Whistler\'s Dave Murray Downhill course. "It\'s what I\'ve a...', "Get ready for a full dose of Bode Miller .U.S. Ski Team men's coach Sasha Rearick said Tuesday that Miller plans to race all five Alpine events at the Vancouver Olym...", "Endorse ThisCelebrities, like the rest of us, love stuff. But the amazing thing for them is they often get paid to use said stuff. And they don't just get paid a lit...", "Endorse thisCelebrities, like the rest of us, love stuff. But the amazing thing for them is they often get paid to use said stuff. And they don't just get paid a lit...", 'Comedian riffs on government waste and possible replacements for Joy Behar on The View', 'WHISTLER, British Columbia -- Bode Miller has finally fulfilled his expectations and won an Olympic gold medal, using a blistering slalom run to complete a super-com...', 'Hardly a surprise, Lindsey Vonn and Bode Miller lead a list of U.S. skiers earning spots for the Vancouver Games.The announcement of the team was delayed until Tuesd...']