['The Baltimore Ravens wide receiver salsa\'s brought uniform praise from judges Len Goodman, Carrie Ann Inaba and  Bruno Tonioli . Goodman told Jones that he had a "naturalness" about his dance, and was full of fun and vitality. Tonioli said ', 'on occasion and you lost it but overall I\'ve got to say, I saw that slightly crisper footwork," Goodman said.  Bruno Tonioli  told Jones he always brought a "limitless supply of energy and power" but said he missed the beat "quite a few times ', "'Dancing With the Stars': Ingo Rademacher Goes Home in Week 9, Show Marks 300th Episode", "'Dancing With the Stars': Jacoby Jones, Aly Raisman Tie for Lead in Week 9 Semifinals", 'tonight enthusiastic in his praise, saying he "loved" the technique. "That was fantastic!" he added. Judge  Bruno Tonioli  told Pickler the routine was "superb," while Carrie Ann Inaba called it "perfection." Pickler earned 30 out of ', 'competition, the longer it goes on the harder it gets. In your case, the longer it goes on, the stronger you get."  Bruno Tonioli  called Zendaya\'s performance "pure, graceful, light," telling her she was "like a breath of fresh air." Carrie ', "'Dancing With the Stars' Week 7: Raisman Soars to the Top on Latin Night, Pickler Gets Immunity", 'routine, he added, "You came out looking great. The cool dude, the hot chick. Really was first rate." Judges  Bruno Tonioli  and Carrie Ann Inaba were in agreement. Inaba drew chuckles when she told Jones, "It\'s like you could fart the ', "'Dancing With the Stars' Week 6: Kellie Pickler Regains Lead on Stevie Wonder Night", 'Ann Inaba said Zendaya set the tone for the night, adding that she felt sorry for those who had to dance afterward.  Bruno Tonioli  called Zendaya "gobsmackingly gorgeous," and said she had "mesmerizing shape, hypnotic presence, slick hip action ', 'dance partner, Cheryl Burke, when he learned his fate during the results show, and joked with judges Len Goodman and  Bruno Tonioli , who had given him some particularly strong criticism. "I\'ve had a ball. I played with house money," Hughley ', 'dance pros Tony Dovolani and Emma Slater. Judges approved of Rademacher\'s attitude but faulted him on technique.  Bruno Tonioli  said the actor\'s hip action was "a bit rigid" and his timing needed to be better, while head judge Len Goodman ', 'your footwork was a little bit haphazard sometimes but overall I thought you did a very good job," he said. Judge  Bruno Tonioli  said Lowe stumbled at times, but said the performance was sweet and tender. Judge Carrie Ann Inaba also thought Lowe ', "'Dancing With the Stars' Elimination: Wynonna Judd Voted Off in Week 3 of Season 16", "Tonight's show featured live performances by Huey Lewis and the News and Demi Lovato - and a surprise dance cameo from  Bruno Tonioli , one of the program's three judges. Tonioli appeared as a background dancer as he channeled one of The Village ", "'Dancing With the Stars' Elimination: Wynonna Judd Voted Off in Week 3 of Season 16", "Tonight's show featured live performances by Huey Lewis and the News and Demi Lovato - and a surprise dance cameo from  Bruno Tonioli , one of the program's three judges. Tonioli appeared as a background dancer as he channeled one of The Village ", "'Dancing With the Stars' Prom Night: Kellie Pickler Leads in Week 3 of Season 16", 'dance, but the boos quickly turned to laughter and applause when he followed that critique with "April Fools\'!"  Bruno Tonioli  told Raisman that the audience was "swept away" in the romance of her dance and her expressive movements. While ', "violation of the show. Will be free wrapping the first dance. I'm really thinking in Louisiana romantic touch can get  Bruno Tonioli  shouts it's. Who doesn't and the fact well I mean like I looked at a book I think until. It's not easy being ", "the first dance. I'm really thinking in Louisiana romantic touch can get Bruno Tonioli shouts it's. Who doesn't -- and the fact well I mean like I looked at a book I think until. It's not ", "candidates just What can Martinez win over the judges nursing a twisted ankle. so hopefully. You be able to do expects.  Bruno Tonioli  personal favorite all season Ricki days. Personal favorite for Carrie Ann Inaba Len Len Goodman JR's instant job ", "ankle. -- -- -- so hopefully. You be able to do expects. Bruno Tonioli personal favorite all season Ricki -- -- days. Personal favorite for Carrie Ann Inaba Len Len Goodman JR's instant job. And Kerry ", "now one of the judges told His jive was the worst he'd ever seen and that and is now demanding an apology and wants  Bruno Tonioli  to be reprimanded. Bolton said he flew his ninety year old mother and to see the show and never expected to be so ", 'seen and that -- and is now demanding an apology and wants Bruno Tonioli to be reprimanded. Bolton said he flew his ninety year old mother and to see the show and never expected to be ', "Sarah Palin's Alaska what we have she America. We'll hear from the Glenn Beck and Palin rally to restore order  Bruno Tonioli . Jon Stewart and Stephen Colbert your Rally to Restore Sanity during Apple introduces the iPad Len Goodman. And we ", 'hear from the -- Glenn Beck and Palin rally to restore order Bruno Tonioli . Jon Stewart and Stephen Colbert your Rally to Restore Sanity during -- -- Apple introduces the iPad Len Goodman. And we finally ', "Palin's Alaska but we'll narrative. There. Let's hear from the Glenn Beck and Palin rally to restore order  Bruno Tonioli . Jon Stewart and Stephen Colbert your Rally to Restore Sanity hearing album. Apple introduces the iPad. And we finally ", 'hear from the -- Glenn Beck and Palin rally to restore order Bruno Tonioli . Jon Stewart and Stephen Colbert your Rally to Restore Sanity hearing -- album. Apple introduces the iPad. -- -- And we finally ']