["Sunday: http://abcnews.go.com/thisweek THE ROUNDTABLE ABC's ARLETTE SAENZ: Get ready for a showing of political  Groundhog Day  in June (but instead of Bill Murray, it will be 7 million college students) as President Obama and Republicans prepare ", 'It feels a bit like that movie " Groundhog Day ." A year after the U.S. House of Representatives first passed CISPA, the Cyber signatures as well. CISPA now heads to the Senate. Like was said at the beginning, " Groundhog Day ."', 'Instead there\'s more snow and it\'s still cold." Cold or Allergies: How to Tell It\'s been more than seven seeks since  Punxsutawney Phil  failed to see his shadow , (haphazardly) signaling an early spring. Last Friday, an Ohio prosecutor jokingly indicted ', 'of a prolonged winter has indicted  Punxsutawney Phil  for fraud after the famed groundhog in the teens." Gmoser indicted  Punxsutawney Phil  on one count of misrepresentation down," Gmoser said. On Feb. 2,  Punxsutawney Phil  emerged from his burrow and did not ', 'bemoaned the drawn-out confirmation hearing process at an event at the Pentagon, saying the experience was "like it\'s \' Groundhog Day \' around here." "I have a hard time," Panetta told an audience gathered to honor former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton ', 'Valentine\'s present would be to allow Sylvia and I to get the hell out of town at the end of the day. ... I feel like it\'s \' Groundhog Day \' around here." Panetta had planned for Valentine\'s Day to be his last day on the job, but delays in the Senate might ', 'PM Note: Hagel in Waiting, Senators vs. High Schoolers, Obams Supports Pitching the Penny', 'Valentine\'s present would be to allow Sylvia and I to get the hell out of town at the end of the day. ... I feel like it\'s \' Groundhog Day \' around here." http://abcn.ws/YhjEVk (Luis Martinez, Dana Hughes) Love at the White House: Obamas\' Valentine\'s ', 'Punxsutawney Phil  saw his shadow this anniversary of the film. " Groundhog Day " follows meteorologist to cover the annual  Groundhog Day  celebration in Punxsutawney every day. In 2006, " Groundhog Day " was added to the National ', "be released sometime in March and will cost $599.00. Jo Ann Toy  Groundhog Day  Everyone has been waiting for this  Groundhog Day  video. Pennsylvania's  Punxsutawney Phil  emerged from his lair to tell an audience of thousands that winter will ", 'according to groundhog " Punxsutawney Phil ." When the Pennsylvania weather-predicting groundhogs,  Punxsutawney Phil , has been carrying on the tradition of  Groundhog Day  since the 1800s prediction. PHOTOS:  Groundhog Day : Famous Weather Predicting ', "groundhogs,  Punxsutawney Phil , has been tradition of  Groundhog Day  since the 1800s COVERAGE:  Groundhog Day  Ever since However,  Punxsutawney Phil  isn't the PHOTOS:  Groundhog Day : Famous Weather ", 'also believe the negative attacks are not resonating with voters. "The Obama campaign appears to be stuck in their own \' groundhog day ,\' repeating the same, debunked charges they\'ve waged for weeks in an effort to distract voters from this administration\'s ', "That  punxsutawney phil  emerging from his hole this to disney land. It's  groundhog day  awaiting the forecast for  punxsutawney phil . If you're like bill thinking that this is another  groundhog day . Think again. Super bowl ", "he joins a four-legged ledgeon predicting who's going to disney land. It's groundhog day awaiting the forecast for punxsutawney phil . If you're like bill murray thinking that this is another groundhog day . Think again. Super bowl sunday is upon us. Touchdown! Reporter: So this morning, we asked the ultimate pig skin prognosticating question, can ", "host. For the show, as well. And here it is, the 12th season you keep it going. Every we love it. It's kind of like  groundhog day . I feel like we did it last week. Here we are. We have 16 hungry designers to make it in this industry. It's so fresh ", "you keep it going. Every we love it. It's kind of like groundhog day . I feel like we did it last week. Here we are. We have 16 hungry designers to make it in this industry. ", 'Okay. The yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. And he. A theory. On god orders knob on magnificent  Groundhog Day  February 2 2012.  Punxsutawney Phil  Sears. The prognosticator. All prognosticators. Was someone from his Borough in the old By the ', 'Yeah. And he. A theory. On god orders knob on -- magnificent Groundhog Day February 2 2012. Punxsutawney Phil -- -- Sears. The prognosticator. All prognosticators. Was someone from his Borough in the old -- -- By the -- of president ', "that you know essentially you're having and then of the  Groundhog Day  in terms of the Arab Spring just. Less than three years in Dana. You talked a moment of go as the Arab Spring as  Groundhog Day . When you look at this scene in tahrir square how do you ", "activists. -- that you know essentially you're having and then of the Groundhog Day in terms of the Arab Spring just. Less than three years late -- It will be interesting to see. Yes. Hasn't -- ", 'Dana. You talked a moment of go as the Arab Spring as Groundhog Day . When you look at this scene in tahrir square how do you think those images those actions in Egypt will impact other. ', 'Ohio prosecutor is seeking the death penalty for the weather-predicting groundhog.', "scroll to read. It sure is cold today. Varying varying here you. I'm knob on this beautiful  Groundhog Day  February 2 2011.  Punxsutawney Phil  always raised from his Borough by the call of president bill He greeted his handlers venues and ", "today. Varying varying here you. I'm -- -- knob on this beautiful Groundhog Day February 2 2011. Punxsutawney Phil always raised from his Borough by the call of president bill -- He greeted his handlers venues and John Griffiths. And after ", "collaboration Google and among today's top rising searches is  Punxsutawney Phil . The most famous of all groundhog saw his shadow this rising Staten Island shock. New York city's answer to  Punxsutawney Phil  was not so cooperative this morning mayor Michael Bloomberg ", "Next our collaboration -- Google and among today's top rising searches is Punxsutawney Phil . The most famous of all groundhog saw his shadow this morning which according to legend means six more weeks of winter. Also rising -- Staten Island shock. New York city's answer to Punxsutawney Phil was not so cooperative this morning mayor Michael Bloomberg the coach -- out of his cage with a corn -- Groundhog snatched "]