["He sets national security policy. He sets foreign policy. He sets  nuclear policy . So let's not forget where the power lies in that country. Gingrich criticizes  Obama  administration's handling of national security GINGRICH: This is an ", 'Secretary of State John Kerry Interview With Martha Raddatz from Doha Transcript', "weapon. It will spur a  nuclear arms  race. It has risks they keep pushing the  limits  and not coming with policy. It's the  Obama 's approach. It's President  Obama 's approach and his people and President  Obama  will judge what we ", 'as his first overseas trip as President  Obama \'s secretary of state wound down. Kerry having a nuclear weapon would "spur a  nuclear arms  race" in the region and could be used Martha Raddatz "If they keep pushing the  limits  and not coming with a serious set of proposals ', 'VIDEO CLIP) BARACK  OBAMA , PRESIDENT OF THE Office, President  Obama  secretly ordered sophisticated under the NPT, the  nuclear nonproliferation treaty , which is to enrich Iran looks like. A  nuclear arms  race in the Middle ', "'This Week' Transcript: Sen. Jack Reed, Sen. Bob Corker, Sen. Joe Manchin and Jon Huntsman", 'chief for the Pentagon.  OBAMA : Chuck Hagel is the leader enlisted under President  Obama , the entire world or to take place about the  nuclear policy , about the economy talk about some kind of  limits  on high-capacity gun ', "'This Week' Transcript: Asa Hutchinson, Sen. Johnny Isakson and Sen. Amy Klobuchar", "between the House Speaker and the President  Obama  collapse this week. All eyes now on the Here's the President. (BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)  OBAMA : All of us, every single one of us ability to get tough things done like the  nuclear arms  treaty a few years back, really will ", 'military significance," James Acton, a senior associate in the  Nuclear Policy  Program at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace Brotherhood leading in voting for Egypt\'s new Parliament, the  Obama  administration has started to reverse decades of mistrust and ', "SCOTUS to Rule Health Law, Newt Surges, Cain's 'Oops,' and Detailing Defense Cuts", "Iran's Economy: A Political Battleground, But Could it Undo the Islamic Republic?", "the Carnegie Endowment's  Nuclear Policy  Program. In countries worldwide groups that support President  Obama 's push to make nuclear power loan guarantees backed by the  Obama  administration. Officials safety problems. President  Obama  is pushing Congress to supply ", 'White House Contradicts Russian Duma Official on Linkage Between Missile Defense and START', 'will reaffirm that the treaty  limits  U.S. plans for missile defense more important as strategic  nuclear arms  are reduced, and that current wrong? ABC News asked a senior  Obama  administration official at reply. In November, President  Obama  outlined new plans for missile ', 'A contentious  nuclear arms  control pact with Russia expected on Wednesday. The  Obama  administration had accused 30 percent less than  limits  imposed by the 2002 Moscow expired last December. The  Obama  administration had struggled was signed by President  Obama  and Russian President ', "I was President  Obama  yesterday spelling beyond that President  Obama  gets the top foreign now of discussing  nuclear policy  it hasn't happened context. We with a  nuclear posture review  came out last week with a great headline  Obama  nuclear review is Doesn't actually cut  nuclear arms  terribly much. That's ", "chance for washingtonians to complain about the commutes but beyond that President Obama gets the top foreign policy an area -- particular -- we discussed for him. We're really going on a week now of discussing nuclear policy it hasn't happened some time that we've had that kind of attention. On it of course big -- whenever you talk about ", "President  Obama  today announced America's new.  Nuclear strategy  and overhaul that unprecedented  limits  on when they could weapons and the  Obama  administration what's called the  nuclear posture review . The pledge to concerns that the  Obama  administration Washington DC President  Obama  believes. This areas Diane. A  nuclear policy  week ahead as ", 'week before He -- Nuclear Security Summit here in Washington DC President Obama believes. This argument to other countries that they should not pursue nuclear weapons where they should disarm. Will be made stronger if the US is seen as leading in those areas Diane. A nuclear policy week ahead as well thank you -- And in Iraq a day of devastating violence across Baghdad a series of seven bombs ', 'focus on the nuclear dangers of 40% three. Our new  nuclear posture review  reduces the role and number of nuclear weapons in agenda which reaffirms the central importance of the  nuclear nonproliferation treaty . And next month in New York we will join nations ', "and to focus on the nuclear dangers of 40% three. Our new nuclear posture review reduces the role and number of nuclear weapons in our national security strategy. And for the first time. Preventing nuclear proliferation and nuclear terrorism. Is -- the top of America's nuclear agenda which reaffirms the central importance of the nuclear nonproliferation treaty . And next month in New York we will join -- nations from around. To strengthen the MPT as the cornerstone of our ", "iraq and afghanistan. And libya and now syria, two by the  obama  administration. Regime change has to be the outcome here the title. He sets national security and foreign policy and  nuclear policy . Let's not forget where the power lies. Jeremy, I got ", "leader. That's the title. He sets national security and foreign policy and nuclear policy . Let's not forget where the power lies. Jeremy, I got to ask you about the nsa and the search for snowden. People ", "nominee but will  Obama 's next pick endangers. Or  limits . My ability as giving President  Obama  advice would you filibuster present  Obama  himself. Attempted calling President  Obama  quote. The greatest He signed a new  nuclear arms  treaty with the released a new  nuclear policy  to of the main according to the  nuclear posture review  in the United ", "his retirement -- will move quickly to name a nominee but will Obama's next pick for the Supreme Court faced a Republican filibuster. I hope He does not nominate. An overly ideological. Person that will be the test to key senators on the Judiciary Committee Republican John Kyl and Democrat Chuck Schumer. Preview of the battle to -- com. Only on this week. Yes. President Obama pushes the reset button on nuclear weapons. We will not do anything that endangers. Or limits . My ability as commander in chief to protect the American people. But is He putting the country at risk. I think it ", "ideology. Does matter should Republicans adopt the Schumer principle when considering president Obama's nominee. Well I think actually in fact senator -- and -- in terms of standard are saying the same thing. What you ", "final thing I'd say is this. If you look at who President Obama has nominated somebody like Judge Sotomayor who got nine Republicans to vote for -- no one question that she was out of the mainstream. The other nominees in many of the courts of appeals in district court. He chooses people in the mainstream so I don't think there's going to be a filibuster -- blocking and furthermore. Practically. This is not a switched vote a swing by a swing vote in the sense. That. You're having somebody Justice Stevens and president Obama's likely to choose somebody in Justice Stevens image. Senator Schumer do you think that if you were giving President Obama advice would you recommend that He go with a more moderate and person ideologically or or doesn't matter. Well the first and ", "going. President  Obama  today announced in America's  nuclear strategy  and overhaul that unprecedented  limits  on when they could weapons and the  Obama  administration what's called the  nuclear posture review . The pledge to concerns that the  Obama  administration Washington DC President  Obama  believes. This areas Diane. A  nuclear policy  week ahead as ", 'week before He -- Nuclear Security Summit here in Washington DC President Obama believes. This argument to other countries that they should not pursue nuclear weapons where they should disarm. Will be made stronger if the US is seen as leading in those areas Diane. A nuclear policy week ahead as well thank you -- And in Iraq a day of devastating violence across Baghdad a series of seven bombs ', 'Residents  Obama  says the new policy Here today. President  Obama  is pledging to not use it is abiding by the  nuclear nonproliferation .  Treaty . Even if they attack expressed concerns that the  Obama  administration must ', "Residents Obama says the new policy will limit the use of nuclear weapons while keeping the US safe and secure but conservatives and Republicans have their doubts. Here today. President Obama is pledging to not use nuclear weapons against any country that has signed it is abiding by the nuclear nonproliferation . Treaty . Even if they attack the US with chemical or biological weapons this pledge as Republican critics -- -- -- it does overall diminish our options and I think certainly that the American people should be concerned in a statement senators John McCain and Jon -- expressed concerns that the Obama administration must clarified. That we will take no option off the table to deter attacks against the American people and our allies the pledge fueled conservative outrage across the -- This seems to me he's got his -- off the ball announcing to every regime out there. Under what circumstances they can no -- by the Obama administration says the new approaches. Aimed in many ways that Iran and North Korea. By not complying with the non proliferation treaty "]