['President Barack  Obama \'s new focus on his presidency,  Obama  has been launching campaign? Or the " We Can \' t Wait " initiatives that few months ago,  Obama  was headlining the back to basics,"  Obama  said Monday as he ', 'Clinton and others in the  Obama  Administration on the abcn.ws/12hAib9  OBAMA  DECLARES ECONOMY \'POISED PROGRESS\'. President  Obama  yesterday said today are doing better,"  Obama  told students and teachers House also announced two  executive orders  aimed at bolstering the ', 'President  Obama  today said today the are doing better,"  Obama  told students and teachers White House announced two  executive orders  aimed at bolstering the his arrival in Texas,  Obama  was greeted on the tarmac High School, President  Obama  met with students of ', 'this year, President  Obama  heads to Austin, Texas will announce two new  executive orders  during his first of a happen in other towns,"  Obama  said in the State of the governor. "If President  Obama  is serious about getting ', "number: 42 percent of  Obama  voters in the state support WITH  OBAMA . President  Obama 's charm offensive continued Republicans, President  Obama  met House Democrats for this year, President  Obama  heads to Austin, Texas he announces two new  executive orders  during his first of a ", 'PM Note: Avila Outside the Bubble in Mexico, Zeleny in Granite State for Gun Debate, Clinton or Not, Here They Go', "Obama : 'I'm Comfortable with him. (Since  Obama  joked who'd want in your district,  we can ' t wait  to see how you connect Alisa Wiersema)  Obama  Taps Billionaire for Trade Rep- President  Obama  today will nominate ", 'Enemy Combatant " Some Republican lawmakers want President  Obama  to declare the surviving Boston bombing suspect an enemy ones - welcome back, national-security politics, and  we can \' t wait  to learn how Chechnya matters to us now - are suddenly ', "Guns, Immigration, Airport Lines: 5 Things You'll Care About in Politics This Week", "national-security politics, and  we can ' t wait  to learn how Chechnya matters to us Citizenship Gunning for Action President  Obama  suffered perhaps the biggest setback their favor. It's a test for the  Obama  grassroots operations, Organizing ", 'that by passing the New Mexico  Jobs Package , we reached a bipartisan compromise surrounding states. The New Mexico  Jobs Package  cuts the business tax rate from 10fAwy1 @RNCResearch : Remember the  Obama  admin warning about "calamity ', 'year ago that President  Obama  himself still opposed KayeFoley ) BUZZ DISSECTING  OBAMA \'S \'EVOLUTION\' ON Roberts in May, President  Obama  stated his personal support able to get married,"  Obama  told Roberts in May of THE NOTE\'S INBOX "  JOBS PACKAGE  A GOOD DEAL FOR ALL NEW ', "veterans of President Barack  Obama 's 2012 campaign are heading the successful tactics of  Obama 's presidential campaign the difficulty here. But  we can ' t wait  for something to happen Latinos favored President  Obama  70-29 percent in Texas ", 'claims by President  Obama  that he regularly participated House officials and some  Obama  supporters have compared fixed to those who deny  Obama  was born on U.S software. In January ,  Obama  signed several  executive orders  strengthening gun regulation ', 'one day before President  Obama  will travel to Las Vegas parting gift, President  Obama  made abundantly clear going to miss her,"  Obama  told CBS News\' Steve president signed several  executive orders  strengthening gun regulation ', "the president the president's doing right now this new policy that he has going for Eddie says  we can ' t wait . He's putting  executive orders  out there bypass the congress. Get his get stuff done. Without their help you think this is a strategy ", "that he has going for Eddie says we can't wait. He's putting executive orders out there -- -- bypass the congress. Get his get stuff done. Without their help you think this is a strategy that's ", "And want her to k that the whole  obama  crew is thinking about her. Yeah rules about the cell phone. But mrs.  Obama  says, she never knows when I'm matter what. No question about it.  We can ' t wait  to see all of it tonight. Thank you ", "Hope she's doing great. And want her to k that the whole obama crew is thinking about her. Yeah. Robin, we love you. We want robin to come back and keep doing great things. Amen ", "their lives. There's no ground rules about the cell phone. But mrs. Obama says, she never knows when I'm going to walk into her room and see what she's texting. Parents are parents, no matter ", "presenting the best of American rest of the world. And thank you for becoming new role models to include. And inspiring them to believe that if they work hard to do their best they can achieve great things. this week  We can ' t wait  to welcome.", "getting. Congress involves these would be  executive orders . I think by nature if they  executive orders  they probably will be not. That strict on adversely affect them and so on so. President  Obama  says he's beginning a discussion. some ", "says he can do without getting. Congress involves -- these would be executive orders . I think by nature if they -- executive orders they probably will be not. That strict on power companies. And and they will just because the president want to do these things doesn't mean they're going to happen some of them will involve local or state regulations. So he's going to talk about some new ideas. Then there's going to be a lot of debate about it -- without a doubt you know the industries affected by it will lobby against things that will adversely affect them and so on so. President Obama says he's beginning a discussion. -- -- some people would say is long overdue because this is something he talked about during ", "We finalize the so called Affordable Care Act I call  Obama  care. So that coverage of mental health. And substance issue of gun violence. There's a number of other.  Executive orders  grew that the preferences. President has instituted ", "On this whole issue of gun violence. There's a number of other. Executive orders grew that the preferences. President has instituted that are near completion and -- -- -- in the interest of time. But there's ", "About. Words that perpetuated dangers. One more Gundy and  Obama  are all. Peaceful peaceful people. And fabricated and This is time. And this is a day. For decisive action.  We can ' t wait  for the next unspeakable crime to happen before we act ", 'are -- About. Words that -- perpetuated dangers. One more Gundy and Obama are all. Peaceful peaceful -- people. -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- And fabricated and growing. And is self ', "Song you know recently been taking a series of executive actions that don't require. Congressional Well without.  We can ' t wait . Took part these terror. A possible. One page that is. We got a lot of news Let's remember. What it. Be grateful "]