["think realize that. That's face of a movie back in the ninety's and the kind of cult classic for elective  millennial Generation Y . Any kind of pressure that when you're going that the kind of have those expectations be met on stage because ", "in the ninety's and the -- kind of cult classic for elective millennial Generation Y . Any kind of pressure that when you're going -- that the kind of have those expectations be met on stage because it's ", "over fifty Texan when Taylor sexton was quiet for me my speech about So inadequate it right handed over Generation X. and  Generation Y . let's take a look at how the next generation will inevitably disappoint us. Let's see generation. Jim swayze a typical ", "-- -- So inadequate -- it right handed over Generation X. and Generation Y . let's take a look at how the next generation will inevitably disappoint us. Let's see generation. Jim swayze a typical member are ", "Mitt Romney's Republican National Convention Speech: Demographics Give Feedback Online Through Google Hangouts", "appreciate it we check in the route the the that we that's right as well and that our final group now the the so called  Generation Y . Tiffany you know often. Coming two as she graduated from UC Santa Cruz lives in DC. Tell us what those younger voters ", 'and that our final group now the -- -- the so called Generation Y . Tiffany you know often. Coming two as she graduated from UC Santa Cruz lives in DC. Tell us what those younger voters ', "criticism for the people that want their data fast. Are right let's talk about the gap they're targeting you  millennial generation  that we're going to attract these new customers. The twenty somethings are you got us here in Manhattan they're ", "fast. Are right let's talk about the gap they're targeting -- you millennial generation that we're going to attract these new customers. The twenty somethings are you got us here in Manhattan they're looking across the ", 'about its future in and target those millennial one of them winning Thinking these days Margaret. Well then  millennial generation  thirty and is and as you all talked in the previous segment about all these subgroups who need to turn out for ', 'millennial one of them winning -- Thinking these days Margaret. Well then millennial generation -- -- thirty and -- is and as you all talked in the previous segment about all these subgroups who need to ', 'historically low numbers and that makes a challenge for him to make the and up. And the  millennial generation  we were talking about earlier the  millennial generation  is going to I think create a bubble for victory for Obama there are four million ', 'a challenge for him to make the -- and up. And the millennial generation we were talking about earlier the millennial generation is going to I think create a bubble for victory for Obama there are four million. The land deals that have aged ', 'Generation like me baby boomers the older you word that more traditionally tended to be the millennial as the younger people  Generation Y . They tend to be more open to the girl paying especially if she asked. Or going dot no right answer on once again very ', 'that more traditionally tended to be the millennial as the younger people Generation Y . They tend to be more open to the girl paying especially if she asked. Or going dot no right answer on -- ', "fantastic right change anything just use things set for thirty years right. This turns in the comedy Happy Gilmore earned barker  Generation Y . cult status. And an MTV movie award for best fight. Now you've had enough. The octogenarian even his own MySpace page ", "thirty years right. This turns in the comedy Happy Gilmore earned barker Generation Y . cult status. And an MTV movie award for best fight. Now you've had enough. -- The octogenarian even -- his own MySpace ", "scarier level jump from PG thirteen. It seems to that right now it's  Generation Y . that's driving. The appetite for skiers in the country. It's always been  Generation Y . meaning the children of Generation X. not necessarily the children ", "jump from PG thirteen. It seems to -- that right now it's Generation Y . that's driving. The appetite for skiers in the country. It's always been Generation Y . meaning the children of Generation X. not necessarily the children -- generation it under my younger Brothers and sisters have. Generation next ", "people appropriate credit when due. Well some people especially the Wall Street Journal has referred to the  millennial generation  is the most praise to generation. People who expect a lot of praise in the workplace and unfortunately. There's ", "Well some people especially the Wall Street Journal has referred to the millennial generation is the most praise to generation. People who expect a lot of praise in the workplace and unfortunately. There's a lot more ", "never far from their cell phone or some other digital device. A new report by the Pew Research Center calls the  millennial generation . History's first always connected generation says many treat their hand held gadgets almost like a body part ", "digital device. A new report by the Pew Research Center calls the millennial generation . History's first always connected generation says many treat their hand held gadgets almost like a body part. More than 80% sleep with ", "Eight years ago gore but to turn one about nine Obama won about thirty yards. And that group coming in this  millennial generation  plant remains that they you know generations. just having generation. That's the future. It you know it ", "nine Obama won about thirty yards. And that group coming in this millennial generation plant remains that they you know generations. -- -- just having generation. That's the future. It you know it be if it ", "is a really interesting topic and it It's graduation season so let's start out with a new graduates which are part of  Generation Y . of those stereotypes that are going to plagued them as they enter the workforce. Yet you know what the big stereotype ", "so let's start out with a new graduates which are part of Generation Y . -- of those stereotypes that are going to plagued them as they enter the workforce. Yet you know what the big stereotype ", "I'll do it myself generation. Actually want help and guidance to sail away is part of sentencing and nearly was at half a  Generation Y . Has below average financial frequency they just don't get. The basic twenty three's. honey this is also stunning ", "away is part of -- sentencing and nearly was at half a Generation Y . Has below average financial frequency -- they just don't get. The basic twenty three's. -- -- honey this is also stunning. That ", 'you have more dual career families. You have more working mothers were actually entering the war forest. And by the way  Generation Y . has that expectation as so why and why perspective why is why is that so important not just for parents but also for Janet ', 'working mothers were actually entering the war forest. And by the way Generation Y . has that expectation as -- so why and why -- perspective why is why is that so important not just for parents ', "So we talking about  Generation Y . Gault who are they admire in debt. Well basically anybody under the age let's say thirty insulin into this category against ", "So we -- talking about Generation Y . -- Gault who are they admire -- in debt. Well basically anybody under the age let's say thirty insulin into this category ", "postponing doing away with retirement and at the same time.  Generation Y . which are workers born between 1977 and 91. Are now the styles of the workplace. Let's talk about some of those to  Generation Y . has a very different idea. About what authority means ", "postponing -- doing away -- with retirement and at the same time. Generation Y . which are workers born between 1977 and 91. Are now the largest segment of the workforce at eighty million strong and so at some point all of us either gonna work for or with people. Court at the same age as we are and each of us each of our generation's bring different sensibilities and styles of the workplace. Let's talk about some of those to Generation Y . has a very different idea. About -- what authority means then the baby boom generation. That's right often times that the younger ", "helpful tips on what to tip and how to were joined by Lindsay Pollock. She's the speaker and consultant specializing in  Generation Y . career and workplace issues as well as being a best selling author. Of getting from college to career ninety things to ", "were joined by Lindsay Pollock. She's the speaker and consultant specializing in Generation Y . career and workplace issues as well as being a best selling author. Of getting from college to career ninety things to do ", "The baby boomers have been followed by Generation X. and  Generation Y . and somewhere in between there was the first generation of digital natives and there's a new book talking about them it's ", "The baby boomers have been followed by Generation X. and Generation Y . and somewhere in between there was the first generation of digital natives and there's a new book talking about them it's out. "]