["Health Law:  Obama 's Sales Pitch And today, Mr.  Obama  is to speak from first time since  No Child Left Behind , President George provisions of  No Child Left Behind  and kill several signature  Obama  administration ", 'Republican-led rewrite of the sweeping  No Child Left Behind  education law that governs every Democrats and President Barack  Obama  has threatened a veto. The completed its work on a rewrite of  No Child Left Behind . It, too, limits the Education ', "upper chamber since President  Obama  took office. The flight of prologue to the profligate  Obama  years, and a lesson in how drug program, the bipartisan  No Child Left Behind  education law, and the President's http://abcn.ws/13xSLzW  OBAMA  TELLS MOURNERS 'AMERICA NEEDS ", 'prologue to the profligate  Obama  years, and a lesson in how drug program, the bipartisan  No Child Left Behind  education law, and the President\'s because of it." President  Obama  even drew Bush\'s legacy into president. "If we do that,"  Obama  said, "it will be, in large ', 'that we bring it home,"  Obama  said. "If we do that, it lawmakers did six years ago.  Obama  said that immigration reform office (something Candidate  Obama  may not have admitted during campaign). He also cited the  No Child Left Behind  education law that Bush helped ', "owner and publisher Chris Hughes , who interviewed President  Obama  for an Oval Office exclusive hitting newsstands next week. WILL: Let me give you an example.  No Child Left Behind  said we're going to have 100 percent proficiency by 2014 ", 'If President  Obama  wins a second term Tuesday legislative agenda to follow.  Obama \'s senior staff and cabinet is close personally with  Obama  and an occasional basketball administering waivers for the  No Child Left Behind  law. "I\'m in it for ', 'immigration law. On Education:  Obama  -- Created "Race to the Top Bush administration policy,  Obama  created a waiver program that offered schools a break from " No Child Left Behind " standards. Wants the United deals for students. On War:  Obama  -- Afghanistan-Pakistan ', 'Core approach lives up to that lofty rhetoric. President  Obama  has pushed for it through federal funding incentives, though because of the testing regimen established by the federal  No Child Left Behind  Act of 2001. "There was tremendous pushback, bills filed ', 'impact of teacher layoffs.  Obama  says cuts in education "force Even in tough fiscal times,  Obama  says states should make education it undercuts our future."  Obama  touts the steps he has taken giving states flexibility on  No Child Left Behind  requirements, and reforming ', "ABC's Mary Bruce: President  Obama  wakes up in Akron, Ohio for JINDAL DEBATE. This Sunday,  Obama  supporter and Democratic Governors to repeal President Barack  Obama 's health care law. The House requirements of the federal ' No Child Left Behind ' law. The two states are ", 'not to be outdone by the 9 times  Obama  said it at the end of his address in a span of 200 words. With  Obama \'s unfaltering certainty that these things right? Concerning  No Child Left Behind  ,  Obama  says, "This isn\'t just the ', "harm. Somewhat ironically,  Obama  campaigned against Bush's Kennedy. On the domestic front,  Obama  has acted unilaterally on a out of the much-criticized  No Child Left Behind  law. Last week,  Obama  debuted his biggest solo act ", "Thomas. Along with former  Obama  advisor Van Jones crossfire to be successful President  Obama  did practically. Was on Friday George W. Bush when he runs on  No Child Left Behind  that wasn't about schools from freshman senator Barack  Obama  stumping and I more than two ", 'Steven -- who ran the federal bailout the auto bailout for president. Obama -- in the New York Times yesterday said that. The president should go through every federal program and find out what can ', 'AB CT Matthew Dowd Cokie Roberts and Pierre Thomas. Along with former Obama advisor Van Jones -- crossfire on CNN and former bush white house Press Secretary Dana Perino from the five on Fox News ', "would have been able to be successful -- -- -- -- President Obama did practically. Was on Friday afternoon say I know you're going to get together tomorrow I am glad that you are I ", "have been able to be successful. I think what president  obama  did practically was say I know you're going to get together thing you didn't mention. George w. Bush, running on  no child left behind , that wasn't about the suburbs, that was the urban schools ", "forward, would have been able to be successful. I think what president obama did practically was say I know you're going to get together tomorrow, I'm glad you are, we have a lot of work ", "No Child Left Behind  got some things right. And got something's wrong. The goals of  No Child Left Behind  were the right goals. Making a goals. That's why we need to fix  No Child Left Behind  we need to make sure. We need to ", "No Child Left Behind got some things right. And got something's wrong. The goals of No Child Left Behind were the right goals. Making a promise to educate every child with -- excellent teacher that's. At the right thing to -- ", "need to meet these goals. That's why we need to fix -- No Child Left Behind we need to make sure. We need to make sure we're graduating students who are ready for college and ready for rumors. ", "I mean, it's just like watching  obama  care disintegrate. They make great press they got shellacked. He campaigned for  obama  care. It's still overrated. No basis and his favorite piece of legislation,  no child left behind , nationalizing a state and local responsibility ", "to analyze it. Pull it apart. I mean, it's just like watching obama care disintegrate. They make great press conferences. They become law, laws actually ought to be in the open, whether they're going to ", "the democrat candidates in 2010 and they got shellacked. He campaigned for obama care. It's still overrated. No basis for government. Donna? Still, this is a president, congress is broken. It's very difficult to have ", "about how about what got president Barack  Obama  out this week also pushing up does that to do it. That the Red Line for the  Obama  administration you have really back what always let me give you an example  No Child Left Behind  said we're gonna have 100% proficiency ", "see some glimmer of bipartisanship about how about what got president Barack Obama out this week also pushing up -- does that help hurt. I think it helps I think it's important that we all ", 'to be able to do it. That the Red Line for the Obama administration -- you have really back. Arming rebel army and rebels and -- no flights. He has the rebels are I mean ', "do you want it was Senator McCain said it's helpful that President Obama is out on the road what do you want to hear from him. How committed is he to getting this done he ", "this week -- by the tone that president  obama  took. It was very different. In fact the speech from 2008? Which president  obama  do we get? Do we get the post-partisan always say. Let me give you an example.  No child left behind  said we're going to have 100% proficiency ", "It actually just happened this week -- by the tone that president obama took. It was very different. In fact, speaker boehner said this week -- this is it. We're expecting over the next 22 ", "of the base. Look, where is the speech from 2008? Which president obama do we get? Do we get the post-partisan, post-racial, the new embracing president, or do we get a president that's pandering to ", 'have been reaching out to the republicans, george will? Well, the post-partisan obama of 2008 gave his inaugural speech in 2009 and a couple weeks later passed the stimulus bill with no republican votes because ', "happened in a generation. That's why we've invested math and science education and given states more flexibility on  No Child Left Behind . And that's why we performed the student loan program to put students before big things. And increased financial aid ", "we've invested math and science education and given states more flexibility on No Child Left Behind . And that's why we performed the student loan program to put students before big things. And increased financial aid for millions of "]