["PM Note: What Did Lautenberg Do?, Greatest Generation  Signs Off, DNA Swab Dubbed 'Minor Intrusion'", 'under two hours (you could still smoke on longer ones). The world has changed! http://bit.ly/10UrXrm  Greatest Generation  Signs Off - Today lawmakers with military service are the exception. But there was a time when war service was ', 'success in business and politics made him a great American success story and a standout even within the fabled  Greatest Generation . Elaine and I send our condolences to Bonnie, the Lautenberg children, and the entire Lautenberg family ', 'his office reads like an American success story for the  Greatest Generation : "Lautenberg was born the son of immigrants and grew American success story and a standout even within the fabled  Greatest Generation ," said Sen. Mitch McConnell, the top Republican in ', 'of 53 years back to the prom. They met during the war. Pegnataro said the prom proved they\'re still the " greatest generation " and that the war brought his class closer together. "We missed out on the prom that we should have had. And ', 'were predominantly members of the  Greatest Generation , most of whom came of age during recently as 2004, members of the  Greatest generation  supported [Sen.] John Kerry by a 92-year-old member of the  Greatest generation  from Denver, Colo., says she ', 'much," Biden later added. "This is going to go down, when we record this 9/11 generation, as the second  greatest generation  in the history of this country." On NBC\'s Meet the Press Sunday, Romney continued to defend his omission ', 'years with small steps and giant leaps; from a woman on a bus to a man with a dream; and the bravery of the  greatest generation , to the entrepreneurs of today. This is our story. This is the America we know because we built it. Watch ', 'years with small steps and giant leaps; from a woman on a bus to a man with a dream; and the bravery of the  greatest generation , to the entrepreneurs of today. This is our story. This is the America we know because we built it. Watch ', 'expectations, we want only the very best, and we are savvy consumers of goods and services. We are not the  Greatest Generation  - that was our parents - but we were raised to believe in the American Dream. It was there on television (black ', 'Military References Barack: "I\'d see an elderly couple and I\'d think about my grandparents - my grandfather who  fought in World War II , and my grandmother who worked on a bomber assembly line while he was gone." Michelle: "Thank you for your service ', 'Draft McDonnell? This could be first election in 80 years with no military service on either ticket', 'Bush served in the Air National Guard. Al Gore was a specialist in the Army, and both Bob Dole and George H.W. Bush  fought in World War II . Walter Mondale was an Army corporal from 1951-53; Ronald Reagan was an Army captain and Jimmy Carter spent time as ', 'Nicknamed the  greatest generation  American World War II veterans have some truly amazing stories tell ABC news on campus reporter make Lucci and He spoke with the ', 'Nicknamed the greatest generation American World War II veterans have some truly amazing stories tell ABC news on campus reporter -- make -- Lucci and He ', 'the name of American ingenuity the grandchildren of the  greatest generation . The sons and daughters of immigrants. The Brothers not telling the truth. I tonight. After tonight the  greatest generation . We look back and marvel at their courage. Overcoming ', 'their backs in the name of American ingenuity the grandchildren of the greatest generation . The sons and daughters of immigrants. The Brothers and sisters of everyday heroes. The neighbors. Of entrepreneurs and firefighters. Teachers and farmers ', 'simply not telling the truth. -- I -- tonight. After tonight the greatest generation . We look back and marvel at their courage. Overcoming the Great Depression. Fighting not security. Standing up for freedom around the world ', "Instant Index: Apollo 17's Lunar Launch Anniversary, Pearl Harbor Remembrance Day", "anniversary. It is our number, 71 years ago today. On this day in 1941, pearl harbor was attacked. And the  greatest generation  rose up to defend america's freedom in the pacific. Flags were flown at half staff across the country today ", "today. On this day in 1941, pearl harbor was attacked. And the greatest generation rose up to defend america's freedom in the pacific. Flags were flown at half staff across the country today, to honor the ", "earth. We've been blessed by having a nation that's free and prosperous thanks to the contributions of the  greatest generation  that held a torch. For the world to see the torch of freedom and hope and opportunity. Now it's our turn to ", "a nation that's free and prosperous thanks to the contributions of the greatest generation that held a torch. For the world to see the torch of freedom and hope and opportunity. Now it's our turn to ", 'golden years find our elderly as victims preyed upon streets and elevators. But these lions are not called the  greatest generation  for nothing Witness of ramps are slugging it out for the young for the sporting event. Others are fighting crime ', 'upon streets and elevators. But these -- lions are not called the greatest generation for nothing -- Witness of ramps are slugging it out for the young -- for the sporting event. Others are fighting crime ', 'have asked yourself if these last years are really the America we want. The America that was one for us by the  greatest generation . America we want Marla Chilean dollars from China. And am. it failed to find the jobs that are needed for 23 ', 'America we want. The America that was one for us by the greatest generation . -- America we want Marla Chilean dollars from China. And am. -- it failed to find the jobs that are needed for ', "It's not as clear. A challenge. Obviously we'll work was pretty obvious. At some point. But remember the  greatest generation  for a year and a half. Sat on the sidelines life while Europe was under darkness. America from 1940. When France ", '-- was pretty obvious. At some point. -- -- But remember the greatest generation for a year and a half. Sat on the sidelines life while Europe was under darkness. America -- from 1940. When France ']