['"Staten Island Chuck," other animals look to predict this year\'s Super Bowl Winner.', "host. For the show, as well. And here it is, the 12th season you keep it going. Every we love it. It's kind of like  groundhog day . I feel like we did it last week. Here we are. We have 16 hungry designers to make it in this industry. It's so fresh ", "you keep it going. Every we love it. It's kind of like groundhog day . I feel like we did it last week. Here we are. We have 16 hungry designers to make it in this industry. ", 'Okay. The yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. And he. A theory. On god orders knob on magnificent  Groundhog Day  February 2 2012.  Punxsutawney Phil  Sears. The prognosticator. All prognosticators. Was someone from his Borough in the old By the ', 'Yeah. And he. A theory. On god orders knob on -- magnificent Groundhog Day February 2 2012. Punxsutawney Phil -- -- Sears. The prognosticator. All prognosticators. Was someone from his Borough in the old -- -- By the -- of president ', 'Ohio prosecutor is seeking the death penalty for the weather-predicting groundhog.', "that you know essentially you're having and then of the  Groundhog Day  in terms of the Arab Spring just. Less than three years in Dana. You talked a moment of go as the Arab Spring as  Groundhog Day . When you look at this scene in tahrir square how do you ", "activists. -- that you know essentially you're having and then of the Groundhog Day in terms of the Arab Spring just. Less than three years late -- It will be interesting to see. Yes. Hasn't -- ", 'Dana. You talked a moment of go as the Arab Spring as Groundhog Day . When you look at this scene in tahrir square how do you think those images those actions in Egypt will impact other. ', "scroll to read. It sure is cold today. Varying varying here you. I'm knob on this beautiful  Groundhog Day  February 2 2011.  Punxsutawney Phil  always raised from his Borough by the call of president bill He greeted his handlers venues and ", "today. Varying varying here you. I'm -- -- knob on this beautiful Groundhog Day February 2 2011. Punxsutawney Phil always raised from his Borough by the call of president bill -- He greeted his handlers venues and John Griffiths. And after ", "collaboration Google and among today's top rising searches is  Punxsutawney Phil . The most famous of all groundhog saw his shadow this rising Staten Island shock. New York city's answer to  Punxsutawney Phil  was not so cooperative this morning mayor Michael Bloomberg ", "Next our collaboration -- Google and among today's top rising searches is Punxsutawney Phil . The most famous of all groundhog saw his shadow this morning which according to legend means six more weeks of winter. Also rising -- Staten Island shock. New York city's answer to Punxsutawney Phil was not so cooperative this morning mayor Michael Bloomberg the coach -- out of his cage with a corn -- Groundhog snatched ", 'Burning up the "gma heat index." Promises you to lose weight while eating the same thing. It\'s like  groundhog \' s day , you\'ll eat the same thing every day. You don\'t want it anymore. Dubbed the boredom diet and juju chang will explain ', "Promises you to lose weight while eating the same thing. It's like groundhog's day , you'll eat the same thing every day. You don't want it anymore. Dubbed the boredom diet and juju chang will explain it. ", "a huge share of the market to the iphone in recent years. Next up here on the index tonight.  Groundhog day  and pennsylvania's  punxsutawney phil  didn't see his shadow today, which means an early spring. Because it wasn't scared back ", "the iphone in recent years. Next up here on the index tonight. Groundhog day and pennsylvania's punxsutawney phil didn't see his shadow today, which means an early spring. Because it wasn't scared back into hiding. They have been doing this ", "Stephanopoulos just got in the Wall Street Journal this morning in  Punxsutawney Phil  is not the only. There aren't there are more October or feet. Sammy And we found at the  Punxsutawney Phil  is only Sam correct about 40% of the time you're Hey ", "George Stephanopoulos just got in the Wall Street Journal this morning in Punxsutawney Phil is not the only. There aren't there are more October -- or feet. Sammy -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- And we found at the Punxsutawney Phil is only Sam correct about 40% of the time you're -- -- -- Hey hey where's the -- -- -- Mary did ", "Finally is spring coming early this year  Groundhog Day  is less than three weeks away and  Punxsutawney Phil  is ready to make his weather prediction and text it. You text  Groundhog Day  to in 365. You'll get a response on ", "and shakes in your pocket. Finally is spring coming early this year Groundhog Day is less than three weeks away and Punxsutawney Phil is ready to make his weather prediction and text it. You text Groundhog Day to -- in 365. You'll get a response on every second -- you know with Phil saw his shadow. For information and ", "with the SPN's Mike Greenberg.  Groundhog Day  is spraying around the corner or do among today's top rising searches is  Punxsutawney Phil . The most famous of all groundhog shock. New York city's answer to  Punxsutawney Phil  was not so cooperative this morning ", "best ever will revisit the big plays with the SPN's Mike Greenberg. Groundhog Day is spraying around the corner or do we have six more weeks of winter on the horizon. And new music Monday today ", "engine and among today's top rising searches  Punxsutawney Phil  it normally is rising search on February 2 of every year. Official  Groundhog Day  groundhog is  Punxsutawney Phil  for more than a hundred years his soothsayer ", "the world's leading search engine and among today's top rising searches -- Punxsutawney Phil it normally is -- rising search on February 2 of every year. Official Groundhog Day groundhog is Punxsutawney Phil for more than a hundred years -- -- his soothsayer cousins have predicted when winter will land. Where this peculiar custom of ", "engine and among today's top rising searches  Punxsutawney Phil  it normally is rising search on February 2 of every year. Official  Groundhog Day  groundhog is  Punxsutawney Phil  for more than a hundred years filling his ", "the world's leading search engine and among today's top rising searches -- Punxsutawney Phil it normally is rising search on February 2 of every year. Official Groundhog Day groundhog is Punxsutawney Phil for more than a hundred years filling his soothsayer cousins have predicted when winter will land. Where this. She was your custom ", "you know just. No I do like I like good morning Baltimore I have seen her for a few times and on always makes me laugh on  groundhog day 's news work but is he and it's Leven and Ricky Schmidt. That she and I always say legit veteran of the great Rula I ", "for a few times and on always makes me laugh -- on groundhog day's news -- work but is he and it's Leven and Ricky Schmidt. That she and I always say legit veteran of the ", "by late thursday. Now the nation's heartland preparing for what could be the worst storm to hit the midwest since the  groundhog day  blizzard in 2011. The snow may not be the only problem, and diane, it may not be the biggest problem. Look at this storm ", 'what could be the worst storm to hit the midwest since the groundhog day blizzard in 2011. The snow may not be the only problem, and diane, it may not be the biggest problem. Look at ', "Management by crisis is getting old.Dan, we' the crisis doesn't look real anymore. And it's come down to the la this is  groundhog day  where reached to punxs working. The road. Setting aside the severity of th cuts, is there any glimpse of h on the horizon ", "look real anymore. And it's come down to the la this is groundhog day where reached to punxs working. The road. Setting aside the severity of th cuts, is there any glimpse of h on the "]