["'This Week' Transcript: Sen. Jack Reed, Sen. Bob Corker, Sen. Joe Manchin and Jon Huntsman", 'chief for the Pentagon.  OBAMA : Chuck Hagel is the leader particularly under President  Obama  in 2009, when we tripled BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)  OBAMA : I came to admire his know that I affirmed the  new START Treaty . A lot of modernization ', 'lawmakers and President  Obama  will try to break the nuclear arms. "President  Obama  has made eliminating all policy. In 2011, his  New Start Treaty  committed the United States nuclear stockpile, Mr.  Obama  will have a hard time ', "'This Week' Transcript: Asa Hutchinson, Sen. Johnny Isakson and Sen. Amy Klobuchar", 'The clock is ticking. PRESIDENT BARACK  OBAMA : Nobody gets 100 percent of what they BOEHNER: How we get there, God only knows.  OBAMA : I actually still think we can get it between the House Speaker and the President  Obama  collapse this week. All eyes now on the ', 'Arab Spring:  Obama  --  Obama  has called for On Africa:  Obama  -- Has kept up government yielded a  new arms reduction treaty , but little since review the New  Strategic Arms Reduction treaty  (New  START ), which has ', 'the facts of President  Obama \'s record, and waffling to sum up how President  Obama  has handled what we inherited on Iran and signing a  new START treaty  with Russia , helping works." (Biden said  Obama , who took office with ', 'was charged with drug trafficking and money laundering. 1993  START Treaty  Signed In Russia, George H.W. Bush and Boris Yeltsin signed the second  Strategic Arms Reduction Treaty . 2000 No Y2K Problems The United States spent close to $100 ', 'system in Europe,"  Medvedev  said. READ: President  Medvedev \'s Full Speech on Missile Defense System  Medvedev  also repeated a threat withdraw from the  new START treaty , the latest version agreement that President  Obama  said in November ', 'These are the remarks President  Obama  made at the United Nations General Assembly as prepared for Seoul will advance our efforts to lock down all of them. The  New START Treaty  between the United States and Russia will cut our deployed ', 'reports: President  Obama  wakes up again at Buckingham the G8 summit. Mr.  Obama  will first hold a bilateral meeting with President  Medvedev  of Russia at the Hotel ratification of the  new START treaty , cooperation on nuclear Afterward President  Obama  will be officially welcomed ', "Bin Laden Death Bolsters Obama , Highlights 2012 GOP Field's Scant Foreign Policy Experience", "President  Obama  's gutsy decision to storm said in 2008. Now, as  Obama  seeks reelection, he hopes otherwise, including a  new START treaty  with Russia, military candidates seeking to take  Obama 's job -- a mix of former ", "kicks into gear, President  Obama 's White House media operation question the president himself.  Obama 's recent signing of the historic  New START treaty  with Russia and his post-State announced he was going to  start  the 'Nixon channel' and ", 'negotiation of a new  Strategic Arms Reduction Treaty  with Russia Broadly speaking the  new start treaty  makes progress host president  Medvedev  meeting on April thank president  Medvedev  for his personal ratify the new  start', "On behalf of our own security and the world's. Broadly speaking the new start treaty makes progress in several areas. It cuts by about a third the nuclear weapons that the United States and Russia will deploy. ", "committed. To the general theory of these arms reductions that  start  to. Takes on. This summit and signing were so hastily arranged there is Ukraine. It's parliament still hasn't ratified  start  one or its president's written promise that the new nation ", 'Clinton is committed. To the general theory of these arms reductions that start to. Takes on. This summit and signing were so hastily arranged there was little of the usual pomp and ceremony. The bushes ', "Yeltsin is four. Then there is Ukraine. It's parliament still hasn't ratified start one or its president's written promise that the new nation will give up all of its nuclear weapons. That worries Americans and ", "Tucson tonight David  start  us off. Good evening week on president  Obama 's program to help exactly right David the  Strategic Arms Reduction Treaty  or  start  was signed in 1992 counterpart Dmitry  Medvedev . But administration call the president  Medvedev  quote. If you're convincing. President  Obama  has said that He would ", "thousands of nuclear weapons. And this deal comes just days after president Obama's big domestic policy victory in the fight for Health Care Reform. And now this of course and so we turn -- Jake Tapper is always take it has been quite a week for this White House. That's exactly right David the Strategic Arms Reduction Treaty or start was signed in 1992 and 1991. And it expired last December this new treaty will be signed in Prague in the Czech ", 'lining up and ready to  start  however. You prefer implications for President  Obama . Who just yesterday militants since President  Obama  announced his new war security so we can  start  bringing an end. The replace the landmark  Strategic Arms Reduction Treaty . Adopted in 1991 ', 'their deadline for a new arms control treaty to replace the landmark Strategic Arms Reduction Treaty . Adopted in 1991. In a joint statement the two countries said they are committed to working out a new agreement. Both sides ', "Tucson tonight David  start  us off. Good evening week on president  Obama 's program to help exactly right David  Strategic Arms Reduction Treaty  or  start  was signed in 1992 counterpart Dmitry  Medvedev . But administration call the president  Medvedev  quote. If you're convincing. President  Obama  has said that He would ", "thousands of nuclear weapons. And this deal comes just days after president Obama's big domestic policy victory in the fight for Health Care Reform. And now this of course and so we turn -- Jake Tapper is always taken has been quite a week for this White House. Yes that's exactly right David -- Strategic Arms Reduction Treaty or start was signed in 1992 and 1991. And it expired last December this new treaty will be signed in Prague in the Czech ", 'flat or positive activity before they  start . Popping the champagne corks. President  Obama  was in Allentown Pennsylvania today together in the spirit of the 1991  Strategic Arms Reduction Treaty . But for months the White House has ', 'pledged to continue to work together in the spirit of the 1991 Strategic Arms Reduction Treaty . But for months the White House has been insisting they would make the December 5 deadline. You can watch the world news ', "days after president  Obama 's big domestic exactly right David the  Strategic Arms Reduction Treaty  or  start  was signed in 1992 counterpart Dmitry  Medvedev . But administration convincing. President  Obama  has said that He ", "thousands of nuclear weapons. And this deal comes just days after president Obama's big domestic policy victory in the fight for Health Care Reform. And now this of course and so we turn -- Jake Tapper is always take it has been quite a week for this White House. That's exactly right David the Strategic Arms Reduction Treaty or start was signed in 1992 -- 1991. And it expired last December this -- treaty will be signed in Prague in the Czech "]