['the name of American ingenuity the grandchildren of the  greatest generation . The sons and daughters of immigrants. The Brothers not telling the truth. I tonight. After tonight the  greatest generation . We look back and marvel at their courage. Overcoming ', 'their backs in the name of American ingenuity the grandchildren of the greatest generation . The sons and daughters of immigrants. The Brothers and sisters of everyday heroes. The neighbors. Of entrepreneurs and firefighters. Teachers and farmers ', 'simply not telling the truth. -- I -- tonight. After tonight the greatest generation . We look back and marvel at their courage. Overcoming the Great Depression. Fighting not security. Standing up for freedom around the world ', "Instant Index: Apollo 17's Lunar Launch Anniversary, Pearl Harbor Remembrance Day", "anniversary. It is our number, 71 years ago today. On this day in 1941, pearl harbor was attacked. And the  greatest generation  rose up to defend america's freedom in the pacific. Flags were flown at half staff across the country today ", "today. On this day in 1941, pearl harbor was attacked. And the greatest generation rose up to defend america's freedom in the pacific. Flags were flown at half staff across the country today, to honor the ", "earth. We've been blessed by having a nation that's free and prosperous thanks to the contributions of the  greatest generation  that held a torch. For the world to see the torch of freedom and hope and opportunity. Now it's our turn to ", "a nation that's free and prosperous thanks to the contributions of the greatest generation that held a torch. For the world to see the torch of freedom and hope and opportunity. Now it's our turn to ", 'golden years find our elderly as victims preyed upon streets and elevators. But these lions are not called the  greatest generation  for nothing Witness of ramps are slugging it out for the young for the sporting event. Others are fighting crime ', 'upon streets and elevators. But these -- lions are not called the greatest generation for nothing -- Witness of ramps are slugging it out for the young -- for the sporting event. Others are fighting crime ', 'have asked yourself if these last years are really the America we want. The America that was one for us by the  greatest generation . America we want Marla Chilean dollars from China. And am. it failed to find the jobs that are needed for 23 ', 'America we want. The America that was one for us by the greatest generation . -- America we want Marla Chilean dollars from China. And am. -- it failed to find the jobs that are needed for ', "It's not as clear. A challenge. Obviously we'll work was pretty obvious. At some point. But remember the  greatest generation  for a year and a half. Sat on the sidelines life while Europe was under darkness. America from 1940. When France ", '-- was pretty obvious. At some point. -- -- But remember the greatest generation for a year and a half. Sat on the sidelines life while Europe was under darkness. America -- from 1940. When France ', 'with me. Their part of the  greatest generation  of America. Okay. They represented here on this stage the  greatest generation . And and. a little bit over there okay. She but the  greatest generation . Was the  greatest generation', "and mother in law on stage with me. Their part of the greatest generation of America. Okay. They preserve liberty. By sacrificing. Immeasurable. To keep this country free. From aspects. Ladies and gentlemen. It's a bit ", 'mother -- -- father in law represented here on this stage the greatest generation . And and. -- -- -- -- a little bit over there okay. She but the greatest generation . Was the greatest generation not because. He had greater greater character. Courage perseverance. Than those of us today. The greatest generation was great. Because. When freedom. Was at stake. They rose. To meet the call to defend this country. I. Wintertime in this ', "Paid for the same price on the ticket from 1953. Penalties and interest way as one that we we referred to as the  greatest generation  is his service. To his country and started here in Houston and his service to the system continues. It's a ", "interest way as one that we -- we referred to as the greatest generation is his service. To his country and started here in Houston and his service to the -- system continues. It's a lesson ", "that astonishing career. Story. Spectacular. Even in an era blessed with pop Whitney Houston's voice was the  greatest generation . From playful dance pop such as the 1985 single know. Some mighty mighty power balance. Such as one moment ", "to all of this country. aren't they overcame months. And has worked as we're here to talk about. Was the  greatest generation  not because. It greater character. Courage perseverance. Than those of us today. Here to tell what. Like ", "months. And has worked as we're here to talk about. Was the greatest generation not because. It -- -- greater character. Courage -- perseverance. Than those of us today. Here to tell what. Like the original. ", "should be. Because after more than a decade of war it's time to focus on nation building here at home. As a new  greatest generation  returns from overseas. We must ask ourselves. What kind of country will they come back to. Would be a country ", 'time to focus on nation building here at home. As a new greatest generation returns from overseas. We must ask ourselves. What kind of country will they come back to. Would be a country where shrinking ', 'Super Bowl. The for just started having this was a voice that defined a generation for America. Absolutely the  greatest generation  David which is why I think it is so great. About a lot tonight we knew that Whitney Houston had deep personal ', 'in the military please raise your hand. They recognize thank. Yeah the light that shines from the eyes of the  greatest generation . Is dimming a bit as we lose those men and women as they become older. But that light the world needs very very ', 'recognize thank. Yeah the light that shines from the eyes of the greatest generation . Is dimming a bit as we lose those men and women as they become older. But that light the world needs very ', "the workplace. Okay. This is the America that was one for us by the nation's founders. And for us by the  greatest generation . It's the America that has produced the most innovative most productive. And most powerful economy in the ", "for us by the nation's founders. And -- for us by the greatest generation . It's the America that has produced the most innovative most productive. And most powerful economy in the world. As I look around ", 'great gift from a member of the  greatest generation . The marine who brought us into long celebrated the stories of the  greatest generation  here on this broadcast. Tonight You know. We have the label of  greatest generation  of I think the over their loans ', "the sting revealed. And that's great gift from a member of the greatest generation . The marine who brought us -- into the war and -- never seen before has our person of the week. From ABC ", 'person of the week we have long celebrated the stories of the greatest generation here on this broadcast. Tonight the story of one man who was right there on the front lines -- into the water ', 'these other Marines who took. You know. We have the label of greatest generation of I think the -- -- over their loans greater. Who -- doing this often in Iraq and Afghanistan. History. Fades away ', 'needed the money but who also had the greatest generational impact and the joy of music in my opinion did have the  greatest generation  and how they are so grateful they wanted to say special Palin is smart keys a mob and enjoy and my first year ', 'impact and the joy of music in my opinion did have the greatest generation and how they are so grateful they wanted to say special -- Palin is smart keys a mob and enjoy and my ', 'later. He then enlisted in the united states army just before the outbreak of World War II became part of that  greatest generation . And saw action on the beaches of Normandy and on the march to Berlin and then came back to Seattle. To raise ', 'just before the outbreak of World War II became part of that greatest generation . And saw action on the beaches of Normandy and on the march to Berlin and then came back to Seattle. To raise ', "is somehow vulnerable. To rebuff of the constitution is like a alien problem you think your generation is the  greatest generation  in the apotheosis of history finds its resting you slowdown. The point is that the constitution is durable it's ", "is like a -- alien problem you think your generation is the greatest generation in the apotheosis of history finds its resting -- you slowdown. The point is that the constitution is durable it's powerful. Because ", "This week the nation and the world bid farewell to a man President Obama called one of the of the  greatest generation . Sargent Shriver the first head of the peace school. Died at 95 often long battle with alzheimer's. His legacy is written ", "man President Obama called one of the -- -- -- of the greatest generation . Sargent Shriver the first head of the peace school. Died at 95 often long battle with alzheimer's. His legacy is written. The "]