['this morning. "To all the pastors in the house, I hope you\'ve enjoyed some well-deserved rest after a very busy  Holy Week . I see some chuckles, so maybe not," the president told the crowd of about 135 people. "Here at the White House ', 'PM Note: Sequester Furloughs Quietly Start, Obama Apologizes to AG, Fisker Layoffs', 'this morning. "To all the pastors in the house, I hope you\'ve enjoyed some well-deserved rest after a very busy  Holy Week . I see some chuckles, so maybe not," the president told the crowd of about 135 people. http://abcn.ws/16C3Ku3 ', 'will be a quick one and a new leader of the church\'s 1.2 billion followers will be swiftly selected. The start of  Holy Week  on March 24 gives the conclave an added sense of urgency. "In a few days we will have a new holy father," Cardinal ', 'It\'s obviously a huge decision they have to make." Even if the conclave drags on, it\'s likely to wrap up well before  Holy Week , the most important days of the church calendar. The Vatican is hoping the new pope will be in place to celebrate Palm ', 'It\'s obviously a huge decision they have to make." Even if the conclave drags on, it\'s likely to wrap up well before  Holy Week , the most important days of the church calendar. The Vatican is hoping the new pope will be in place to celebrate Palm ', 'see who will occupy the papal seat, and the beginning  Holy Week  beginning March 24 gives the conclave some urgency. "We\'d like to be done before  Holy Week  starts and go back to our dioceses," Cardinal Francis ', "the mass for Ash Wednesday, opening Lent, the 40 day period of abstinence and deprivation for the Christians before  Holy Week  and Easter, Feb. 13, 2013 at St. Peter's Basilica at the Vatican. (Gabriel Bouys/AFP/Getty Images) A view ", 'could potentially give the Church a new pope in time for  Holy Week , the most important days of the church calendar. He also be able to return to their archdiocese to celebrate  Holy Week  with their communities.', 'could potentially give the Church a new pope in time for  Holy Week , the most important days of the church calendar. He also be able to return to their archdiocese to celebrate  Holy Week  with their communities.', 'serious illness. He managed to get through the exhausting Latin-American trip and then preside over all the long Easter  Holy Week  ceremonies, the busiest time in the church calendar. And even if at times he can look tired and has become visibly weaker ', 'April 8, 2012 to mark the resurrection of Jesus Christ on Easter Sunday. Christian believers around the world mark the  Holy Week  of Easter in celebration of the crucifixion and resurrection of Christ. (Jay Directo/Getty Images) Indian farmers ', 'Today in Pictures: Hindu Goddess festival, Damien Hirst, MyanMar Cheer, Bieber Slimed and The Pope', "Sunday Mass in St. Peter's Square on April 1, 2012 in Vatican City, Vatican. The Pontiff today opened his seventh  Holy week  as the Pope. (Franco Origlia/Getty Images) Hungarian President Pal Schmitt, right, and Prime Minister Viktor Orban ", 'There is no religious occasion more fervently celebrated in Spain and the  holy week  or some on us on that. Every year hundreds of thousands visit the mostly Roman Catholic country marking the most important day on the Christian talent.', 'There is no religious occasion more fervently celebrated in Spain and the holy week or some on us on that. Every year hundreds of thousands visit the mostly Roman Catholic country marking the most important day ', "The first basically for World News with Charles Gibson presented with limited commercial interruption time. News with Charles this month. Good morning I'm Taina Hernandez at ABC news headquarters in new York this is the world news webcast. A massive tsunami swamped the tiny Solomon Islands in the", 'Easter Offering their prayers saying Easter brings hope to the faithful increased but it was something else he said this  holy week  that made it clear where he stands on priests him. Where he stands on the idea of women ever being ordained Cecilia Vega ', 'to the faithful increased but it was something else he said this holy week that made it clear where he stands on priests -- him. Where he stands on the idea of women ever being ordained ', "president mean that they want to be the Republican nominee I don't even know that He wants that particulars I am asking that  holy week  we've. We've spoken about it and and that you is that you know I'll believe it when I see it. I have great respect ", "even know that He wants that particulars I am asking that -- holy week we've. We've spoken about it and and -- -- -- -- that you is that you know I'll believe it when I ", "Lady Gaga has some Catholics outraged for releasing a just in time for  holy week . Was she declares her love for June as the apostle saint from betraying Jesus. Now it's a song and she is doing their thing ", "has some Catholics outraged for releasing a -- just in time for holy week . Was she declares her love for June as the apostle saint -- -- from betraying Jesus. Now it's a song and she ", "what we're called to. And land is that preparation period before we celebrate the greatest mysteries of our faith with  holy week  betrayal on holy Thursday Good Friday. The Easter vigil. This time to remember who we are what we've been baptized ", "preparation period before we celebrate the greatest mysteries of our faith with holy week betrayal on holy Thursday Good Friday. The Easter vigil. This -- -- time to remember who we are what we've been baptized ", "spirit can be working to renew the church. Even amidst the ashes of such wanton abuse of power and religion by some. And  holy week  is upon us. And if this isn't the church's Good Friday. I don't know what is. I can only hope that the promise ", "such wanton abuse of power and religion by some. And -- -- holy week is upon us. And if this isn't the church's Good Friday. I don't know what is. I can only hope that the "]