['new location for the September international summit in St. Petersburg, Russia, if Moscow continues to allow  NSA  leaker  Edward Snowden  to remain in Russia. Democratic Sen. Chuck Schumer and Republican Sen. Lindsey Graham said Friday that they ', "the battle over immigration reform shape the future of the GOP? Plus, we'll debate the latest developments in the  Edward Snowden  case and the crisis in Syria with House Intelligence Committee Chair Rep. Mike Rogers , R-Mich., and House Intelligence ", 'snooping, including allegations by  NSA  leaker  Edward Snowden  that the U.S. has been spying to detailed questions about the  NSA \'s activities and hopes to receive PRISM," referring to one of the  NSA  programs. Merkel has also sought ', 'National Security Agency leaker  Edward Snowden . Obama is supposed to meet up Bloomberg\'s Terry Atlas: " Snowden\'s  NSA  Disclosures a Service, ACLU Director Fugitive security contractor  Edward Snowden  "did this country a service ', 'Minister Elias Jaua met on the sidelines of a regional summit and agreed to fast-track talks for resuming ambassadorial-level ties absent since 2010. But prospects dimmed after Maduro later offered asylum to U.S. leaker  Edward Snowden .', 'leaders. The White House is dangling that option over the Russians as Moscow considers a temporary asylum petition from  Edward Snowden . The American is accused of leaking information about classified U.S. intelligence programs. However, officials ', "have been aggravated by economic rivalry, accusations of cyber hacking and China's inaction in extraditing  NSA  leaker  Edward Snowden . Biden travels this month to Singapore and India.", 'National Security Agency is implementing new security measures because of the disclosures by former  NSA -systems-analyst-turned-fugitive  Edward Snowden . Deputy Defense Secretary Ashton Carter says systems administrators like Snowden must now work ', "surveillance efforts has a book deal. The Guardian's  Glenn Greenwald  has signed with Metropolitan Books, an imprint of leaked by former National Security Agency contractor  Edward Snowden . Greenwald has written three books in which he argues ", 'Sochi next February if the country grants asylum to  NSA  leaker  Edward Snowden , who is currently cooped up in a Moscow airport President Vladimir Putin next month in Moscow if  Edward Snowden  is granted asylum in that country. White House ', "up separate talks aimed at restarting direct mail service. But Cuba's backing of National Security Agency leaker  Edward Snowden 's bid for asylum and the seizing of a ship with weapons bound from Cuba to North Korea pose new setbacks to relations ", 'A top National Security Agency official says the disclosures by  NSA  leaker  Edward Snowden  could be very harmful, but it is too early to tell whether he has already damaged U.S. national security. Deputy Director ', 'clear message to Russia by boycotting the Olympic Games in Sochi next February if the country offers asylum to  NSA  leaker  Edward Snowden  , who is currently cooped up in a Moscow airport. "I would. I would just send the Russians the most unequivocal ', 'that the United States boycott the Winter Olympics in Sochi if Russia grants asylum to National Security Agency leaker  Edward Snowden . "Why would we want to punish U.S. athletes who\'ve been training for three years to compete in the Olympics ', "Agency surveillance programs by leaker  Edward Snowden  to assert that she hasn't been doing War is over. Germany hosted major  NSA  sites during the Cold War. Merkel terrorism-related information and that the  NSA  says its information helped prevent ", 'biggest and most buzz-worthy stories of the morning. 1. Snowden Gets Legal Help to Apply for Russian Asylum  NSA  leaker  Edward Snowden  applied for asylum in Russia and, as a condition, agreed to stop harming the U.S., according to a Russian ', "Obama's travel plans to Russia this fall as Washington and Moscow negotiate the fate of National Security Agency leaker  Edward Snowden . Obama is scheduled to visit St. Petersburg in September for the Group of 20 economic summit and also stop in Moscow ", 'A former U.S. Republican senator from New Hampshire is praising  Edward Snowden  for "doing the right thing" in an email exchange with the former intelligence contractor who exposed secrets about U.S. government ', 'plaintiffs, and seeks an injunction against the  NSA , Justice Department, FBI and directors of surveillance." The suit came after former  NSA  contractor  Edward Snowden  leaked details about  NSA  surveillance programs earlier this year, revealing ', 'plaintiffs, is seeking an injunction against the  NSA , Justice Department, FBI and directors of electronic surveillance. The suit comes after former  NSA  contractor  Edward Snowden  leaked details about  NSA  surveillance programs earlier this year.  NSA']