['The Minnesota Golden Gophers and Michigan State Spartans open Big Ten Conference play on Monday afternoon, as the two teams put lengthy win streaks on the line at Wi...', 'No team had shot over 50 percent against Michigan State this season.That was until Minnesota did so Monday, but the Golden Gophers still needed a late run to take ca...', 'The 18th-ranked Michigan State Spartans put their undefeated home record on the line once again, as they entertain the Purdue Boilermakers in Big Ten Conference acti...', 'No. 18 Michigan State pulls away in 2nd half to rout Purdue 84-61; freshman Harris scores 22', 'Freshman Gary Harris scored a season-high 22 points, and No. 18 Michigan State used a 28-7 run in the second half to pull away for an 84-61 victory over Purdue on Sa...', 'Freshman Gary Harris scored a career-high 22 points to lead five Michigan State players in double figures, as the 18th- ranked Spartans pulled away in the second hal...', "Purdue's plan was falling into place: The Boilermakers were rebounding well and forcing No. 18 Michigan State into a streak of missed shots. The Spartans led by only...", 'Gary Harris and Denzel Valentine posted 12 points each as the No. 20 Michigan State Spartans used a late surge to overcome Bowling Green, 64-53, at Stroh Center.Bran...', 'The 20th-ranked Michigan State Spartans close out their non-conference schedule on Saturday, when they welcome the Texas Longhorns to East Lansing for a showdown at ...', 'The 19th-ranked Michigan State Spartans will attempt to stay unbeaten at the Breslin Center this season, as they play host to the Arkansas-Pine Bluff Golden Lions on...', 'No. 19 Michigan State holds Arkansas Pine-Bluff scoreless for nearly 10 minutes and wins 76-44', 'DaVon Haynes got a chance to play relatively close to his hometown of Detroit.He might have been too fired up for the opportunity.The Arkansas-Pine Bluff forward had...', 'Gary Harris posted 13 points as No. 19 Michigan State cruised past Arkansas-Pine Bluff, 76-44, at the Breslin Center.Travis Trice had 12 points and five assists whil...', 'The Loloya-Chicago Ramblers will need to pull off an upset to make it five wins in a row as they head to the Breslin Center to battle the 19th-ranked Michigan State ...', 'The 19th-ranked Michigan State Spartans entertain the Tuskegee Golden Tigers on Saturday night in the first basketball game played at Jenison Fieldhouse since 1989.T...', 'Seeking their first win ever against the Michigan State Spartans, the Oakland Golden Grizzlies invade East Lansing to challenge their in-state rivals in a continuati...', "The No. 15 Michigan State Spartans will try to take down their 67th unranked non-conference opponent in a row when they host the Louisiana Ragin' Cajuns at the Bresl...", 'Keith Appling scored 19 points to help sluggish Michigan State survive a scare and beat Louisiana-Lafayette 63-60 on Sunday.Appling, who has scored at least 17 point...', "No. 15 Michigan State beats Louisiana-Lafayette 63-60; Payton scores 20 for Ragin' Cajuns", "Louisiana-Lafayette's rally fell short with too many missed free throws in its bid for a major upset on the road against No. 15 Michigan State.The Ragin' Cajuns lost...", 'Wisconsin coach Bo Ryan can understand a player having an off night. The entire frontcourt, however, is a little tougher to swallow.The Badgers shot poorly Tuesday n...', "The Miami-Florida Hurricanes play host to the 13th-ranked Michigan State Spartans on Wednesday night as part of this year's version of the ACC/Big Ten Challenge.Mich...", 'Trey McKinney Jones and Shane Larkin sparked a second-half charge that lifted the Miami-Florida Hurricanes to an impressive 67-59 victory over the 13th-ranked Michig...']