['Keith Appling scored a game-high 24 points, grabbed eight rebounds and dished out seven assists, as 13th-ranked Michigan State utilized a big second half to take dow...', 'A pair of teams hoping to find themselves at the top of the Big Ten heap come this time next month get together on Wednesday night, as No. 18 Minnesota comes calling...', 'Two of the best teams in the country meet in a Big Ten Conference showdown at Assembly Hall on Sunday afternoon, as the seventh-ranked Indiana Hoosiers play host to ...', "Oladipo's big game too much for No. 13 Michigan St. as No. 7 Indiana hangs on for 75-70 win", 'Gary Harris got a chance to show his home-state team what it missed out on Sunday.He made five 3-pointers, defended hard and did enough little things to put Michigan...', 'No. 7 Indiana steals show with strong performance in 75-70 victory over No. 13 Michigan St.', 'Indiana was playing for so much more than the Big Ten lead against Michigan State.Tom Crean was facing an old friend and former boss in Tom Izzo. Cody Zeller was try...', 'Derrick Nix dominated with 23 points and a career-high 15 rebounds, as Michigan State rolled to a 65-54 victory over Valparaiso in the second round of the NCAA Tourn...', 'Branden Dawson scored a career-high 17 points to help the 22nd-ranked Michigan State Spartans escape the Carver-Hawkeye Arena with a 62-59 win over Iowa.Gary Harris ...', 'Nix has 17 points and 8 rebounds as No. 22 Michigan State pulls away to beat Nebraska 66-56', 'Branden Dawson was crumpled on the ground, clutching his surgically repaired left knee.He bounced back to play again and Derrick Nix scored 17 points to help No. 22 ...', "After incident at Penn State hotel, Dawson, Payne won't start for No. 18 Spartans Wednesday", "Michigan State forwards Branden Dawson and Adreian Payne were involved in a scuffle at a hotel before Wednesday night's game that led to police responding to the alt...", "Keith Appling scored 19 points, Branden Dawson had 12 and the 15th-ranked Michigan State Spartans held on to beat the Louisiana Ragin' Cajuns, 63-60, at the Breslin ...", 'Ranked Big Ten Conference rivals square off on Saturday evening, as No. 11 Ohio State comes calling on No. 18 Michigan State.Both teams come in sporting impressive o...', 'The Iowa Hawkeyes continue their quest for that elusive first Big Ten Conference win of the season, as they entertain the 22nd-ranked Michigan State Spartans on Thur...', 'Keith Appling scored six of his 15 points in the final 41.5 seconds, lifting the 18th-ranked Michigan State Spartans over the 11th-ranked Ohio State Buckeyes, 59-56....', 'The 22nd-ranked Michigan State Spartans will attempt to stay perfect on their home floor, as they entertain the Nebraska Cornhuskers in a Big Ten Conference bout on ...', 'Rivers gives Nebraska something to feel good about in 66-56 loss to No. 22 Michigan State', 'Nebraska coach Tim Miles refused to be content with being competitive after getting routed in his last two Big Ten road games.David Rivers, though, gave Miles someth...', 'The top team in the Big Ten Conference hits the road on Tuesday night, as the 13th-ranked Michigan State Spartans head to Madison where they will encounter the Wisco...', 'Derrick Nix scored 17 points with five rebounds to give No. 22 Michigan State a 66-56 win over Nebraska on Sunday.Adreian Payne scored 14 points while Branden Dawson...', 'Still searching for their first Big Ten Conference win of the season, the Penn State Nittany Lions give it another go as they entertain the 18th-ranked Michigan Stat...', 'Keith Appling poured in a game-high 19 points to lead the 13th-ranked Michigan State Spartans to a 49-47 win over the Wisconsin Badgers on Tuesday.Branden Dawson add...', 'Adreian Payne scored 20 points and grabbed seven rebounds despite missing the first half due to an altercation off the court, and 18th-ranked Michigan State held on ...']