['in the Greenwich Village area (including adding a fourth building to the Silver Towers complex that was designed by  I . M .  Pei  in the late 1960s), an engineering campus in downtown Brooklyn and another campus complete with housing on Governors Island. Alicia ', 's rise as a culture capital. In November, the city opened a landmark Islamic Art Museum, designed by star-chitect  I . M .  Pei . With oil and gas money from the most recent price boom, Gulf states, particularly Qatar and the UAE, have become ', "citizens. Over the years, some of the most poignant sentiments have come from foreign-born guest speakers (architect  I .  M .  Pei , Secretary of State Madeleine Albright). Filmmaker Ken Burns will speak at this year's event. 4. Cemetery Walk ", "stunning variety of styles from the Smithsonian Castle by James Renwick Jr. to the National Gallery's East Building by  I . M .  Pei . Turning to view the western half of the Mall, I have a clear view of the monumental landscape that honors great leaders ", 'outfit, Kurt Cobain\'s guitar, along with many other artifacts, can be found in this stunning building designed by  I .  M .  Pei ," Epting says. "In addition to its permanent exhibits, the museum stages a number of temporary exhibits throughout ', 'recital. 202-537-6200; cathedral.org Morton H. Meyerson Symphony Center Dallas Designed by renowned architect  I . M .  Pei , the Meyerson Symphony Center is known as the "crown jewel" of Dallas. "The Meyerson is visually striking inside and ', "Mahatma Gandhi was seventy-two when he completed successful negotiations with Britain for India's independence.  I .  M .  Pei  was seventy-eight when he designed the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame and Museum in Cleveland. Picasso painted The Rape ", "were building a tree fort. (See, this was back when kids built their own tree houses; their parents didn't hire  I .  M .  Pei  to do it for them.) Suzie Albertz with the long hair did a triple flip over the front of her handlebars as we careened "]