['Heritage Awards. That award was developed by the White House in the late 1980s to commemorate the creation of  Hispanic Heritage Month . The awards honor Latino leaders from a variety of fields, from entertainment to medicine. Organizers of this ', "Collins, Colorado and a rally in Colorado Springs. -Vice President Joe Biden hosts a reception in honor of  Hispanic Heritage Month  at the Naval Observatory in Washington, DC. Check out The Note's Futures Calendar : http://abcn.ws ", "Eva Longoria and Christina Aguilera's Winning Red Carpet Style at the 2012 ALMA Awards", "Celebrate the sizzle of Latino cuisine and culture during National  Hispanic Heritage Month  (Tuesday-Oct.15) and enjoy the contributions of the USA's largest minority ethnic group. Danny Lopez, of Albuquerque's ", 'Albuquerque Center for Peace and Justice, Albuquerque, NM PRESIDENT BUSH --3:20 pm ET: Makes remarks at a  Hispanic Heritage Month  Celebration in the Rose Garden, Washington, D.C.', "community gathering in St. Joseph, MO. At the White House. . . PRESIDENT BUSH -- 2:55 pm ET: Makes remarks at  Hispanic Heritage Month  Celebration. POLITICAL NEWS STORIES ON ABCNEWS.COM ABC News' Russell Goldman: Round 2: Candidates Spar ", 'then in Liberty at 3:45 pm ET, and finally in Jefferson City at 8:15 pm ET. President Bush speaks at the  Hispanic Heritage Month  Celebration at 2:55 pm ET. Also in the news: The NRA, which announced its endorsement of McCain on Thursday ', 'at the FedEx Express building in Washington, DC at 10:20 am ET. The president then delivers remarks at the  Hispanic Heritage Month  celebration at 2:55 pm ET at the White House. As for that Department of Labor report on jobs out this morning ', "Thought adding that He. Yeah. over the let me. Well at least an an London England. And synchronicity with  Hispanic heritage month . Yeah. We've always had you know Latin themed episodes and down language that we expose the kids and resume ", "Well at least -- an an -- London England. And synchronicity with Hispanic heritage month . Yeah. We've always had you know Latin themed episodes and down language that we expose the kids -- and resume -- a ", "anniversary of the magazine and was celebrating  Hispanic heritage month . We're get a check out this festival and what colorful as you want. And there is enough and it  Hispanic heritage month . Not that I'm in magazine birthday party switch ", "tour. We're celebrating the tenth anniversary of the magazine and was celebrating Hispanic heritage month . We're get a check out this festival and what better way to get under way then -- beat. Director. -- editorial contact ", "colorful as you want. And there is enough -- and it -- Hispanic heritage month . Not that I'm in -- magazine birthday party switch back when babies it -- -- big bets against what viewing competitive much "]