['On the streets of New York, a spot in the shade competed with a parking space as a valuable commodity. Men and women made their way under narrow awnings, lounged under trees and took breaks beneath the umbrellas of hot dog stands. ', 'In Illinois, state officials made more than 130 office buildings available as cooling centers. Detroit cranked up the air conditioning in 11 of its libraries and invited the public to take refuge from the heat. In Kentucky, Louisville officials offered free fans or air conditioners to those in immediate need. ', 'Arkansas authorities reported one heat-related death but did not release any details. On Saturday, a 3-year-old boy died in South Bend, Ind., after apparently locking himself inside a car in 90-degree heat, relatives and neighbors said. ', 'Fierce heat blanketed the nation from California to the Northeast. Scores of communities reported temperatures of more than 100. Redding, Calif., about 160 miles north of Sacramento, reached 110 degrees. Parts of Oklahoma hit 109.', 'The Northeast could get a break starting Tuesday night, with scattered showers and thunderstorms expected for parts of the region, but the heat was likely to persist in the southern Plains until Friday, according to the National Weather Service. ', 'At the nonprofit Bishop Sullivan Center in Kansas City, Mo., officials passed out window air conditioners to the elderly. ', 'In Cleveland, Tony Godel was already sweating through his brown T-shirt by 10 a.m. Monday as he worked on a remodeling project at a hotel in Cleveland. He planned to drink a lot of water. ', 'The heat pushed power consumption to a record in some states, and calls also went out for electricity conservation. ', 'PJM Interconnection, which operates the electric grid for all or part of 13 states and the District of Columbia, asked people to reduce usage, especially between 3 p.m. and 7 p.m. ', 'The city Health Department sent outreach workers to help the homeless and elderly, just as it does during bitterly cold weather. Managing Director Pedro Ramos said workers would help them avoid dehydration and find shelter. ', 'In Chicago, the stifling weather prompted organizers of the Gay Games to deliver extra water and sports drinks to various events. Spokesman Kevin Boyer said organizers asked competitors to bring extra ice and fluids to their events. ', 'In New York City, the record for the date was set in 1953, when Central Park recorded 100 degrees. On Monday, the mercury had reached 90 before noon. ', '\t    An illegally opened fire hydrant provides some relief from the heat wave for children in Milwaukee on Sunday.', 'Annelisa Leite, 17, said she and a friend did not want to wait around in the heat to get a glimpse of the city from on high. ', 'The federal government reported last week that the first half of 2006 was the warmest in the United States since record keeping began in 1895. The average temperature for the 48 contiguous United States from January through June was 51.8 degrees, or 3.4 degrees above average for the 20th century. ']