['military strike." Netanyahu and Barak have long warned that Iran is intent on obtaining nuclear weapons. At a  Holocaust Remembrance Day  event on April 18, Netanyahu said Iran was "feverishly working to develop atomic weapons to achieve that ', 'people," Obama said. The president\'s visit to the Memorial was billed as an opportunity to formally mark  Holocaust Remembrance Day  - officially last Thursday - and to highlight the administration\'s record on preventing a similar atrocity ', 'engraved names of tens of thousands of victims of the Nazi Holocaust at the Holocaust Memorial Center, during  Holocaust remembrance day  in Budapest, Hungary, Jan. 27, 2012. The remembrance day marks the day of the liberation of the Auschwitz-Birkenau ', 'Bin Laden News Comes on Anniversary After \'Mission Accomplished" and Other Odd Timing', '66 years ago to this day. And finally, today is  Holocaust Remembrance Day , where in Israel it is also a federal holiday to falls on a different date every year. This year  Holocaust Remembrance Day  is today: May 2.', "Ailes was backed by a coalition of U.S. rabbinical organizations and timed to coincide with today's  Holocaust Remembrance Day  . It was paid for by Jewish Funds for Justice, an organization that has received funding from Soros. Nazi ", 'rabbis, seminary officials and other prominent Jews have signed the declaration, which comes shortly before  Holocaust Remembrance Day  on Friday, organizers said. "We are deeply troubled by China\'s support for the genocidal government ', 'have refused to speculate on any possible motive. The day the German-born professors were murdered is  Holocaust Remembrance Day  in Germany. Friends have said the Zantops were politically active and believed strongly that Germany should ', "should take more responsibility for the Holocaust. They were stabbed to death in their home on Jan. 27,  Holocaust Remembrance Day . A spokesman for the New Hampshire attorney general's office, which is investigating the killings, declined "]