['allows the dreamer or hallucinator to concoct his own story. A similar argument suggests why inane religious homilies,  I Ching  sayings and ambiguous horoscopes seem to many to be so apt. Their aptness is self-provided. In effect, their cryptic ', "LEONARDO DA VINCI Man achieves the height of Wisdom when all that he does is as self-evident as what Nature does.  I CHING  Milan, Winter 1492 The pencil drops from Leonardo's left hand as he picks up a chunk of bigio, or whole grain bread ", 'and Psychology The reading of significance into pictures and numerical and literal symbols has a long history. Consider  I Ching  hexagrams, geometric symbols that permit an indefinitely large number of interpretations, none of which is ever shown ', 'Dilemmas often arise when people feel vulnerable. A case in point is the situation regarding the drug Ciprofloxacin, which some are stockpiling more to combat anxiety than to ward off anthrax. The benefit of these purchases is a feeling of greater personal security, but one social cost is that', 'Cantonese is a pun for the word "to prosper." Confucianism and Buddhism also have eight emblems, and the emblem of the  I - Ching  has eight sides. As a result, many businesses in Asian communities include the number 8 in their names, if not their ', 'that Buck\'s "unique and sophisticated" playing on the band\'s independently released 1983 album, Secrets of the  I - Ching , helped attract the major label attention that earned them a deal with Elektra Records. The Associated Press quoted ', 'These positive responses are then pursued. Finding Our Own Patterns A similar explanation may help clarify why silly  I Ching  sayings or vague horoscopes seem to many to be so apt. Their aptness is self-provided. They are sufficiently ambiguous ', 'that Buck\'s "unique and sophisticated" playing on the band\'s independently released 1983 album, Secrets of the  I - Ching , helped attract the major label attention that earned them a deal with Elektra Records. The Associated Press quoted ', 'that Buck\'s "unique and sophisticated" playing on the band\'s independently released 1983 album, Secrets of the  I - Ching , helped attract the major label attention that earned them a deal with Elektra Records. The Associated Press quoted ', 'that Buck\'s "unique and sophisticated" playing on the band\'s independently released 1983 album, Secrets of the  I - Ching , helped attract the major label attention that earned them a deal with Elektra Records. The Associated Press quoted ', 'that Buck\'s "unique and sophisticated" playing on the band\'s independently released 1983 album, Secrets of the  I - Ching , helped attract the major label attention that earned them a deal with Elektra Records. The Associated Press quoted ']