['California transplant and teacher, who is black and lives in the Brady Heights  Historic District . "Where do you stop?" Anna Taylor, a white resident of the  historic district , agrees, saying the city need not dredge up the battles of the past ', 'used as federal office space. Tenants include The National Endowment for the Arts, the Advisory Council on  Historic Preservation  and the National Endowment for the Humanities, which will be moved elsewhere. Redevelopment will start sometime ', 'News, Mott Haven is filled with huge, low-income housing projects left over from the 1950s. On the other, it has an  historic district  filled with "lovely old row houses" and artists\' studios carved out of old industrial buildings. Though local media ', 'Ancient Petroglyphs Stolen Along California Cliffs; Local Native Americans Stunned', 'went out there and looked at it, it hit my heart more than it did anything else," said Raymond Andrews, the  historic preservation  officer of the Bishop Paiute tribe. "These are old and it\'s part of our culture." The thieves did damage ', "stretch, which runs from North Broadway Avenue on the east to North Third Avenue on the west, is part of a 1987 national  historic district . Broad Street, Charleston, S.C. Charleston's Broad Street was envisioned as the center of government and commerce ", "000-square-mile, oil-rich geological formation that spans much of western North Dakota, the  National Trust for Historic Preservation  named Elkhorn Ranch one of the 11 most endangered historic places in America. North Dakota's still-accelerating ", "000-square-mile, oil-rich geological formation that spans much of western North Dakota, the  National Trust for Historic Preservation  named Elkhorn Ranch one of the 11 most endangered historic places in America. North Dakota's still-accelerating ", 'hotels in Tampa. Arkansas The Hilton Garden Inn Tampa Ybor  Historic District  gets mostly positive reviews for its guest rooms. "The call and TV show..." The Hilton Garden Inn Tampa Ybor  Historic District  ranks No. 50 of 159 hotels in Tampa California If the ', "1927, the museum had outgrown its original home and relocated to a larger space in midtown Detroit's Cultural Center  Historic District , where it flourished, hosting frescos by artists like Diego Rivera and becoming the first public museum in the United ", "action to avoid the appointment of an emergency manager. Joshua, who lives with his family in Detroit's Russell Woods  Historic District , opened the stand on Monday, and will be there every night after vacation bible school from 5 p.m. to 8 p.m. until ", 'It may be the best deal in real estate: $100 for a three-bedroom home in the  Historic District  of Cedar Rapids, Iowa. With 9-foot ceilings, window seats, a white picket fence and "beautiful natural woodwork throughout ', 'The Trust for  Historic Preservation  lists the most endangered places in the U.S.', "Jekyll island club house is the heart of the club national historic landmark there. And it's really leading.  Historic preservation  sites in the southeast. Being an aside what this really helps people feel on there. At a slower time. This ", "-- -- club national historic landmark there. And it's really -- leading. Historic preservation sites in the southeast. Being an aside what this really helps people feel on there. At a slower time. This really up ", "detailing the work. Of approval. HD LC approval. State certificate is absolutely keep in mind that you do it anywhere in a  historic district  you have to jump through some who. He's not trying to make it complicated. Each of those who was meant to protect the ", "is absolutely keep in mind that you do it anywhere in a historic district you have to jump through some who. He's not trying to make it complicated. Each of those who was meant to protect ", "the work. Of Kerry approval. HD LC approval. State certificate is absolutely keep in mind if you do it anywhere and  historic district . You have to jump through some he's not trying to make it complicated. Each of those who was meant to protect the public ", "certificate is absolutely keep in mind if you do it anywhere and historic district . You have to jump through some -- he's not trying to make it complicated. Each of those who was meant to protect ", "city in old Montreal talk a little bit about. That's right David as you talk about old Montreal is of course in the  historic district  of Montreal is located down by the waterfront. And here's where you'll find cobblestone streets and fifteenth in sixteenth ", "David as you talk about old Montreal is of course in the historic district of Montreal is located down by the waterfront. And here's where you'll find cobblestone streets and fifteenth in -- sixteenth century buildings ", "post Problem for us those of us have to make decisions on timing and win win things are going to affect. In Charleston  historic district  some homes are boarded up most shops will be closed today. Few residents however are leaving dale Snyder says he's been ", "on timing and win win things are going to affect. In Charleston historic district some homes are boarded up most shops will be closed today. Few residents however are leaving dale Snyder says he's been through ", "world as you know but Galveston Texas very popular destination. About 250000. People go there two. Celebrate in the  historic district  So if you can't make it to New Orleans then you head on down to Galveston. That's right I guess you're a lot of ", "popular destination. About 250000. People go there -- two. Celebrate in the historic district -- -- So if you can't make it to New Orleans then you head on down to Galveston. That's right I guess "]