["we know  honeymoons  are supposed to be thrilling and surprising but not. Way it happened really doesn't like to humans but the polls in there and remember our  honeymoon  and I don't a and I'm nick bought for Nightline in Los Angeles ", '-- we -- know honeymoons are supposed to be thrilling and surprising but not. Way it happened to one young couple cage diving with sharks off the ', "high school sweetheart. And to go on a  honeymoon  with all this time he's basically a they get married. And they wanted to do  honeymoon  right but they really didn't have the know they want to send this on his dream  honeymoon  with his wife. And in fact they raced ", "is to marry his high school sweetheart. And to go on a honeymoon with all this time he's basically a battle for his life. Well earlier this week they tied the -- this week earlier in the small march -- they tie the knot and they get married. And they wanted to do -- honeymoon right but they really didn't have the money into the again he's doing -- the expense all the battle fighting springs cancer various what a great guy his name is. His last name is Cain whose first name is no at least 28 -- from Kwame Illinois. Anyway his sisters get together and they put -- a call -- you know they want to send this -- on his dream honeymoon with his wife. And in fact they raced 60000. Dollars. They -- are the gonna go to Disneyland how good cinematic. Story so I don't let us pictures of his dream came true they get married and had a dream honeymoon and -- -- -- the best of luck and yet. Absolutely that's wonderful right now. We're gonna want to this story so ", "assignment. Here are the rooms. Not too bad. You're about to leave me again. Just got back from the  honeymoon . I hadn't unpacked from my  honeymoon , when a day later -- there I was heading for a beach hotel in the dominican republic. Now, last ", "bad. You're about to leave me again. Just got back from the honeymoon . I hadn't unpacked from my honeymoon , when a day later -- there I was heading for a beach hotel in the dominican republic. Now, last week we advised ", 'make more beautiful music together. Sources say because the couple is already in europe for the wedding, they will probably stick around france and spend the  honeymoon  there, touring nearby countries. Congratulations. Thanks, linsey.', 'for the wedding, they will probably stick around france and spend the honeymoon there, touring nearby countries. Congratulations. Thanks, linsey. ', 'San Diego County fair debate celebration. And they bonded over their report written for children. Never had a India. The  honeymoon  in Baltimore where they will be the guest of honor at the annual pink gown festival and they walked down the aisle a big red ', 'for children. Never had a -- India. -- -- -- -- The honeymoon in Baltimore where they will be the guest of honor at the annual pink gown festival and they walked down the aisle ', "yeah I think you're on the record records and Africa. Together in we are we are we're more in love today we learned that  honeymoon  phase and we first met. In this case is brought us closer together and actually really define what marriage means to us it's ", "yeah yeah you're on the record records and Africa. Together in we are we were more in love today than. We learned that  honeymoon  phase and we first met in this case has brought us together and actually. Really define what marriage means to us it's ", 'we are we were more in love today than. We learned that honeymoon phase and we first met in this case has brought us -- -- -- together and actually. Really define what marriage means ', '3700 dollars on their  honeymoon  that is three times the help couples negotiate a  honeymoon  compromise. As well as to share her top picks for  honeymoon  destinations either Donna thanks for being here  honeymoons . Sometimes can be a ', "Did you know the honeymoon business is a twelve. Billion dollar a year industry in fact on average -- spend about 3700 dollars on their honeymoon that is three times the amount an average American adult spends on -- vacation. As with any money related topic having a conversation with your significant other about where to go or how much to spend. Could turn into an uncomfortable situation if you're not on the same page so today I'm joined by Donna -- stock romantic getaways blogger -- Sherman's travel dot com she's here to help couples negotiate a honeymoon compromise. As well as to share her top picks for honeymoon destinations either Donna great to see everything you Tonya thanks for being here -- -- -- -- honeymoons . Sometimes can be a topic a sore topic yeah often somebody envisions being lazy and the beaches but He also envisions an ", 'island paradise of sea shells what this couple was on their  honeymoon . Tragedy though striking just d.s into their blessed time Seychelles partly because of the Walters Kate and William  honeymoon  here. No shark attacks in nearly fifty years. Until French ', "exclusive island paradise of sea shells what this couple was on their honeymoon . Tragedy though striking just d.s into their blessed time together now the bride speaking out about what happened to her husband. ABC's ", 'in the Seychelles partly because of the -- Walters Kate and William honeymoon here. No shark attacks in nearly fifty years. Until French tourist was killed two weeks ago narrative beaches are closed and shark ', 'showed the entire wedding party running in fear. And what angry that one. Wonderful work zone now fresh back from their  honeymoon  in joining us live via Skype from Baton Rouge, Louisiana had a happy couple. Can survive the and your love will last forever ', '-- angry that one. Wonderful work zone now fresh back from their honeymoon in joining us live -- -- via Skype from Baton Rouge, Louisiana had a happy couple. -- -- -- -- Can survive ', "moments soon after the wedding on their  honeymoon  but where will they go. ABI singer an haven't announced any firm plans for their  honeymoon  yet is that right stocks What's at right now we have other well. Couple's  honeymoon  before. Oh well we know that I Diana ", "looking forward to more romantic moments soon after the wedding on their honeymoon but where will they go. ABI singer an editor for the wedding channel. Dot com is here to tell us more about where the royal honeymooners might go thanks for joining us -- for having me a lot of speculation they haven't announced any firm plans for their honeymoon yet is that right stocks -- What's at the top of the list right now so at the top of the -- ", "stronghold for the royal family right now we have other well. Couple's honeymoon before. Oh well we know that I Diana and Charles had to -- they -- part of their time that Al morale ", "that their. Personality will probably be reflected in that choice definitely be honeymoon will be the final statement picking William -- to -- about their wedding so. As we've seen with other things it's going ", "accused of killing his wife during their  honeymoon  he has just arrived back here in the everything they your daughter. Relief for her  honeymoon . And her husband it's been seven years diving trip on the couple's Australian  honeymoon . This is the last image of her taken ", "man from Alabama who is accused of killing his wife during their honeymoon he has just arrived back here in the US. After serving time in Australia where his then wife died he will now stand trial here and Andrea canning. Is on the story. The moment Gabe Watson landed in Los Angeles he was arrested for the murder of his wife Tina for the second time. The chance to try and here in the US has been a long time coming for Alabama's attorney general and Tina Watson's family doing everything they your daughter. Relief for her honeymoon . And her husband -- -- it's been seven years since the new bride died journey scuba diving trip on the couple's Australian honeymoon . This is the last image of her taken on the sea floor by another diver Watson told police his wife panicked and ", "weekend after deciding to postpone their  honeymoon  in new details about the wedding reception Good morning we've got the scoop no  honeymoon  that's right for now at least. Four search and rescue pilot. Now as for  honeymoon  there will be an exotic one overseas ", "private local getaway for the wet weekend after deciding to postpone their honeymoon in new details about the wedding reception are starting to trickle out. Including what Prince Harry had to say -- -- post Jeffrey Kaufmann is in London with the latest good morning -- Good morning we've got the scoop no honeymoon that's right -- for now at least. Four and and royal newlyweds just short break somewhere here in England perhaps -- castle ", "morning as a military search and rescue pilot. Now as for -- honeymoon there will be an exotic one overseas we're told. But they're not saying where and they're not saying what. ", "flashback when William's parents Charles and Diana took their  honeymoon  more than thirty years ago sparked a bit of controversy in Europe. Royal couple selected Gibraltar as one of their  honeymoon  stops and they went their today Susan king reports. Prince ", "today the royal flashback when William's parents Charles and Diana took their honeymoon more than thirty years ago sparked a bit of controversy. Here's how ABC news covered it on August 1 1981. Those newlyweds from Britain Prince Charles and Princess Diana uncharted into contested territory today Gibraltar up. Explain wants the famous rock returned but Gibraltar has been a British territory for 277. Years now they say no. As if to reinforce their grip on the last British colony in Europe. Royal couple selected Gibraltar as one of their honeymoon stops and they went their today Susan king reports. Prince Charles would develop a pilot for his trip for the rock. The ", 'A honeymooner inside an underwater cage had a close call with a great white shark.', 'husband mark flew off for their long awaited fantasy trip. To the Caribbean. At their  honeymoons  fabulous. relaxing and Perfect to eleven. But once the  honeymoon  was over Marty emotionally crashed. I felt bad because. There was over. And now ', 'off for their long awaited fantasy trip. To the Caribbean. At their honeymoons fabulous. -- relaxing and -- Perfect to -- eleven. But once the honeymoon was over Marty emotionally crashed. I felt bad because. There was over. And now relay for starting -- I -- to think ', "couple's wedding this most memorable day of their lives and the  honeymoon  well time to relaxed when one after the big celebration. one Indiana couple decided their  honeymoon  was no time to relax. Time to dance. Larry of what wacky and his ", "Many couple's wedding this most memorable day of their lives and the honeymoon well -- time to relaxed when one after the big celebration. -- one Indiana couple decided their honeymoon was no time to relax. Time to dance. -- -- -- -- -- -- Larry of what wacky and his new bride ", 'that dramatic and sudden end of the  honeymoon  murder trial done in Alabama. The judge dismissed all the growing suspicion that it was he who killed her during their  honeymoon  while scuba diving. Now after seven days a prosecution testimony ', "-- that dramatic and sudden end of the honeymoon murder trial done in Alabama. The judge dismissed all the charges against Gabe Watson say there was no evidence that he meant to kill his wife during that deadly scuba dive back in 2003. Gabe Watson's father standing by live for an exclusive interview the person -- -- 20/20 anchor Elizabeth Vargas wasn't even -- this trial from the very start. And you -- a sense it could end this way I did George but for eight and a half years Gabe Watson has lived with the tragedy of his new bride Tina's death. And the growing suspicion that it was he who killed her during their honeymoon while scuba diving. Now after seven days a prosecution testimony that case is dismissed for lack of evidence there is no appeal "]