["Jekyll island club house is the heart of the club national historic landmark there. And it's really leading.  Historic preservation  sites in the southeast. Being an aside what this really helps people feel on there. At a slower time. This ", "-- -- club national historic landmark there. And it's really -- leading. Historic preservation sites in the southeast. Being an aside what this really helps people feel on there. At a slower time. This really up ", "detailing the work. Of approval. HD LC approval. State certificate is absolutely keep in mind that you do it anywhere in a  historic district  you have to jump through some who. He's not trying to make it complicated. Each of those who was meant to protect the ", "is absolutely keep in mind that you do it anywhere in a historic district you have to jump through some who. He's not trying to make it complicated. Each of those who was meant to protect ", "the work. Of Kerry approval. HD LC approval. State certificate is absolutely keep in mind if you do it anywhere and  historic district . You have to jump through some he's not trying to make it complicated. Each of those who was meant to protect the public ", "certificate is absolutely keep in mind if you do it anywhere and historic district . You have to jump through some -- he's not trying to make it complicated. Each of those who was meant to protect ", "city in old Montreal talk a little bit about. That's right David as you talk about old Montreal is of course in the  historic district  of Montreal is located down by the waterfront. And here's where you'll find cobblestone streets and fifteenth in sixteenth ", "David as you talk about old Montreal is of course in the historic district of Montreal is located down by the waterfront. And here's where you'll find cobblestone streets and fifteenth in -- sixteenth century buildings ", "post Problem for us those of us have to make decisions on timing and win win things are going to affect. In Charleston  historic district  some homes are boarded up most shops will be closed today. Few residents however are leaving dale Snyder says he's been ", "on timing and win win things are going to affect. In Charleston historic district some homes are boarded up most shops will be closed today. Few residents however are leaving dale Snyder says he's been through ", "world as you know but Galveston Texas very popular destination. About 250000. People go there two. Celebrate in the  historic district  So if you can't make it to New Orleans then you head on down to Galveston. That's right I guess you're a lot of ", "popular destination. About 250000. People go there -- two. Celebrate in the historic district -- -- So if you can't make it to New Orleans then you head on down to Galveston. That's right I guess "]