["video on the Yahoo!-ABC News Network than any other online news destination. From live stream updates on  NSA  leaker  Edward Snowden  to Martha Raddatz's interview with retired General John Allen on the sacrifices in Afghanistan for the co-produced ", 'Fugitive  NSA  leaker  Edward Snowden  today applied for asylum in Russia, according to a Russian lawyer because he was unfamiliar with Russian law. FULL COVERAGE:  Edward Snowden  A spokesman for Russian President Vladimir Putin said the president ', "A Russian lawyer says that National Security Agency leaker  Edward Snowden  has asked for temporary asylum in Russia. Anatoly Kucherena said that Snowden submitted the asylum request Tuesday to Russia's ", "message is that the revelations from  NSA  leaker  Edward Snowden  are unlikely to stop or even slow Menwith Hill. It's run by the  NSA  but hundreds of British employees remote center of the country, where  NSA  officials work side-by-side ", "Security Agency's Prism data-gathering program. Details of the secret program were disclosed by former  NSA  contractor  Edward Snowden , who has fled the country. A Yahoo spokeswoman says the company believes the decision will help inform public ", 'the status of alleged  NSA  leaker  Edward Snowden \'s asylum request remains journalist to break the  NSA  stories based on Snowden\'s The Guardian columnist  Glenn Greenwald , told ABC News that blueprint" of the  NSA \'s inner workings ', "Russian President Vladimir Putin is characterizing National Security Agency leaker  Edward Snowden 's long stay at a Moscow airport as an unwelcome present foisted on Russia by the United States. In comments reported by Russian ", 'State John Kerry once referred to Latin America, is sprouting angry weeds as the scandal involving intelligence leaker  Edward Snowden  lays bare already thorny U.S. relations with Latin America. Taking the opportunity to snub their noses at the U ', 'journalist who first reported  Edward Snowden \'s disclosures of U.S specific blueprints of how the  NSA  do what they do."  Glenn Greenwald  says Snowden has "literally instruction manual for how the  NSA  is built," but that Snowden ', 'Kerry once called the U.S. "backyard" is sprouting angry weeds fed by the scandal involving intelligence leaker  Edward Snowden . Venezuela, Bolivia and Nicaragua have already said they\'d be willing to grant asylum for Snowden, who is wanted ', "Russian immigration officials say they have not received an application from  Edward Snowden , the U.S. National Security Agency leaker who wants to get asylum in Russia. Snowden came to Moscow's Sheremetyevo international ", 'swept under the umbrella of surveillance. Some of these FISA court rulings also likely have been disclosed by  Edward Snowden , the  NSA  systems analyst who recently leaked significant information about the spying program. The nature and timing of ', 'The White House is criticizing Russia for allowing activists to meet with National Security Agency leaker  Edward Snowden  at Moscow\'s airport. Spokesman Jay Carney says Friday\'s meeting amounted to a "propaganda platform" for the ', 'Edward Snowden  Requests to Meet With Human Rights Groups, Airport Official Says', 'been invited to a meeting at Sheremedevo International Airport this afternoon by someone claiming to be fugitive  NSA  leaker  Edward Snowden . A spokesperson for the airport confirmed to ABC News that the meeting will take place and that they will escort ', "fund the health care law. LINK  EDWARD SNOWDEN  Bloomberg's Nicole Gaouette over fugitive security contractor  Edward Snowden , who instead was allowed to flee National Security Agency leaker  Edward Snowden  during a meeting with China's ", 'alarmed privacy campaigners, and some scientists. Recent leaks about U.S. surveillance programs by former  NSA  systems analyst  Edward Snowden  have made people realize their online information and electronic communications may not be as secure ', "A Russian official of Amnesty International says he plans to meet with  Edward Snowden , the leaker of U.S. National Security Agency secrets. Sergei Nikitin, head of the rights organization's Russia office ", 'New Edward Snowden  Documents Reveal NSA  Access to Microsoft Outlook, Skype: Report', 'secret documents provided by  Edward Snowden  allege Microsoft worked Microsoft collaborated with the  NSA  months before the launch portal to make sure the  NSA  would be able to intercept reportedly helped give the  NSA  easier access to its cloud ']