["made no progress in addressing allegations that the  NSA  conducted widespread surveillance and questions about that there's still no information beyond that of leaker  Edward Snowden  on alleged mass U.S. surveillance.", 'Congress is advancing sanctions against Russia or any other country offering asylum to National Security Agency leaker  Edward Snowden . The measure introduced by Republican Sen. Lindsey Graham of South Carolina demands the State Department coordinate ', "ensures that vigorous debate on the  NSA 's programs will continue surveillance program since former  NSA  systems analyst  Edward Snowden  leaked classified documents last government's activities. Backing the  NSA  program were 134 Republicans and ", 'House Rejects Restricting  NSA  Access to Telephone Records S. security contractor  Edward Snowden . On a vote of 205-217 House rejects plan to kill  NSA  data collection " The Obama so-called metadata by the  NSA . LINK SCANDALS The Washington ', "after the European nations apologized for refusing to let his plane fly over amid apparent suspicions U.S. leaker  Edward Snowden  was aboard. Morales told reporters Wednesday he's not fully satisfied with the apologies but maintaining respectful ", 'White House says it is "seeking clarity" from Russian authorities about the status of National Security Agency leaker  Edward Snowden . A state news agency in Russia said Wednesday that Snowden has been given a document allowing him to leave the transit ', "Edward Snowden  may be settling in for a long stay in Russia Snowden, who revealed details of the  NSA 's wide-ranging spying activities targeting asylum in Russia only if he stops leaking  NSA  secrets. A spokeswoman for Russia's Federal ", "AGAINST SNOWDEN. Public attitudes have shifted against  Edward Snowden , with more than half of Americans now supporting criminal ABC's GARY LANGER notes. And while most doubt that the  NSA 's efforts enhance security, most also don't see them ", 'Russian state news agency says US leaker  Edward Snowden  has been granted a document that allows him to leave the transit zone of a Moscow airport and enter Russia. Snowden has applied ', "attitudes have shifted against  Edward Snowden , with more than half of while most doubt that the  NSA 's efforts enhance security overwhelmingly think the  NSA  surveillance efforts intrude that 40 percent see the  NSA  activities not merely as ", 'States ratified the treaty in 1992. The claims about U.S. online spying made by National Security Agency leaker  Edward Snowden  have become an election issue in Germany two months before the country goes to the polls.', 'former government contractor  Edward Snowden  leaked documents revealing of Americans. A second  NSA  program called PRISM forces unclear about what the  NSA  is keeping and how deep PRISM, under which the  NSA  seized data from Google ', 'since 2010. Those prospects dimmed after Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro later offered asylum to U.S. leaker  Edward Snowden . Kerry subsequently called Jaua and threatened unspecified action if Snowden wound up in Venezuelan hands.', "earlier this month that information released by the National Security Agency leaker  Edward Snowden  showed Brazil is the top target in Latin America for the  NSA 's intelligence-gathering effort aimed at monitoring communications around the world ", 'individual under investigation. Otherwise, the  NSA  would lose its funding. Former  NSA  systems analyst  Edward Snowden  leaked documents last month that revealed that the  NSA  had collected phone records, while a second ', "National Security Agency by  Edward Snowden  show how closely German intelligence cooperates with the  NSA , despite the German government's Between Germany and the  NSA  (Der Spiegel) The Der U.S. Spying Claims  Edward Snowden , a former  NSA  contactor ", 'former government contractor  Edward Snowden  leaked documents revealing of Americans. A second  NSA  program called PRISM forces unclear about what the  NSA  is keeping and how deep PRISM, under which the  NSA  seized data from Google ', 'since 2010. Those prospects dimmed after Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro later offered asylum to U.S. leaker  Edward Snowden . Kerry subsequently called Jaua and threatened unspecified action if Snowden wound up in Venezuelan hands.', "the U.S. military's so-called Dagger Complex on the outskirts of Griesheim town. Allegations by leaker  Edward Snowden  about the  NSA 's wide-ranging spying activities targeting data and phone communication worldwide have caused concern in ", 'program has been under intense scrutiny since June, when former CIA employee and National Security Agency contractor  Edward Snowden  leaked details of two top secret U.S. surveillance programs that critics say violate privacy rights. Snowden has ']