["You Jackman road up real steel knocked up the competition and taken the top spot at the weekend box office. As expected meanwhile the political thriller odds of marquee man. Second place just over ten million bucks it's also the our digital news associate Jackie Fernandez joins us now with their", "George Clooney president. Tonight abcnews.com. They're red river New York City I don't mind us. Response to a question and and decent enough political Donovan right it's a story about morality Well that we were doing a film about him than Wall Street might have been you know any kind of financial.", "You can't really find. We have to do it story and doing nothing bad happens and doing the right thing does your personal theory is they issued holes in his father's exceptions of your You can leave loses kind of outrage and a couple that with the system. We're time. It's dropped him. Hey man I", "George Clooney vs. George Clooney at Golden Globes: Star Discusses 'Descendants,' 'Ides of March'", 'up for all kinds of awards and this Sunday. At the Golden Globes will be Clooney vs his two most recent films the  ides of march  and the descendants head to head in four categories. Including best picture group have from here to would you think ', 'Globes will be Clooney vs -- his two most recent films the ides of march and the descendants head to head in four categories. Including best picture group have -- from here to would you think morning ', "today's top rising searches is a best known. For an assassination in 44 BC Julius Caesar was advised to beware the  ides of march . As we all know he didn't pay too much heed to the soothsayers warning and was murdered on March 15. Also rising ", "an assassination in 44 BC Julius Caesar was advised to beware the ides of march . As we all know he didn't pay too much heed to the soothsayers warning and was murdered on March 15. Also rising ", "centered around a political race the  ides of march  a thriller about a democratic information. Here's a clip from the  ides of march  including a conversation with it was probably. Get me. The  ides of march  also stars Ryan Gosling Philip ", "directed and starred in -- film centered around a political race the ides of march -- a thriller about a democratic presidential hopeful campaign could be derailed by some crucial information. Here's a clip from the ides of march including a conversation with ABC's Peter Travers about his thoughts on the state of our government. Hope you get an education gonna ", 'that the flaws. Of the Democrats it was probably. Get me. The ides of march also stars Ryan Gosling Philip Seymour Hoffman and -- it to may and theaters now. ', 'Gosling who George Clooney directed at night of march. Ryan Gosling his own person that He. She always does darken the  ides of march  against him in the descendants of the great it I think it is. Now when it comes to best actress that contenders there ', 'Ryan Gosling his own person that He. She always does darken the ides of march against him in the descendants of the great -- -- it I think it is. Now when it comes to best actress ', "publicist I'm Well also competing for best drama Martin Scorsese's Harris adventurer Hugo political thriller the  ides of march . Brad Pitt baseball chronicle money ball and Steven Spielberg's World War I epic. On the small screen top nominees ", "for best drama Martin Scorsese's Harris adventurer Hugo -- political thriller the ides of march . Brad Pitt baseball chronicle money ball and Steven Spielberg's World War I epic. On the small screen top nominees included the HBO ", "that Ryan Gosling had to everything well he was in three you would love to you. Most leaks phone sort of bothering  ides of march  to do with anything I believe in strive. He's come along the seven years since I know you underneath you is what's ", "you would love to you. Most leaks phone sort of bothering -- ides of march to do with anything I believe in -- strive. -- -- -- -- He's come along -- the seven years since I ", "man if that's the woman to watch out for Hundreds arrives with the eight Stacy Keebler into movies in contention  ides of march  in the descendants so weird to sit. I've got two tables next week Stacy follow you wherever you I think we'll ", "Hundreds -- arrives with the eight Stacy Keebler into movies in contention ides of march in the descendants so weird to sit. I've got two tables next week -- Stacy -- -- follow you wherever you I ", "that helped Hugo. The girl with the dragon tattoo the  ides of march  midnight in Paris the tree of life yes they said that now that's a very good lesson not so sure about the  ides of march  I really liked that movie I really like to but it has ", "the descendants that helped Hugo. The girl with the dragon tattoo the ides of march -- midnight in Paris the tree of life yes they said that went zero. War horse that's my -- yeah yeah everybody -- -- I think now that's a very good lesson not so sure about the ides of march I really liked that movie I really like to but it has not gotten a lot of -- it's one of the ", "have a comment says Nextel all this month you can watch. His of this past movies that notebook crazy stupid love the  ides of march . Lars and the real girl gasoline on demand available through February 27. You don't have time railings. Sorry ", "-- -- of this past movies that notebook crazy stupid love the ides of march . Lars and the real girl -- gasoline on demand available through February 27. You don't have time -- -- -- railings. Sorry ", 'Brokeback Mountain with Michelle Williams. Who tap danced in blue Valentine. For Ryan Gosling who ran the campaign and  ides of march  with you guessed it. George Clooney does your curfew period to lose your movements and report those pockets Scott ', 'danced in blue Valentine. For Ryan Gosling who ran the campaign and ides of march with you guessed it. George Clooney does your curfew period to lose your movements and report those pockets Scott cigar smoke blowing ', "today's top rising searches is a best known. For an assassination in 44 BC Julius Caesar was advised to beware the  ides of march . As we all know he didn't pay too much heed to the soothsayers warning and was murdered on March 15. Also rising ", "an assassination in 44 BC Julius Caesar was advised to beware the ides of march . As we all know he didn't pay too much heed to the soothsayers warning and was murdered on March 15. Also rising "]