['had no intention of building. Which we were compelled to expand. We had to count. And others who are eager to help us.  Labor Day  volunteers all over Iowa. Helped four. Million premium. And in the United States and Canada tens of thousands. Of volunteers ', 'had to count. And others who are eager to help us. -- Labor Day volunteers all over Iowa. Helped -- four. Million premium. And in the United States and Canada tens of thousands. Of volunteers a ', "Labor Day weekend  isn't just about backyard barbecues and parades is also bad big summer sales in the summer clearance back to school and change ", "Labor Day weekend isn't just about backyard barbecues and parades is also bad big summer sales in the summer clearance back to school and change ", "Wall Street. Yeah things are looking ugly here today you know I came into the game a little bit tired after the  Labor Day weekend  but let me tell these markets are waking everyone up so as He said I'm looking at right Europe and sharply but ", "know I came into the game a little bit tired after the Labor Day weekend but let me tell -- these markets are waking everyone up so as He said I'm looking at -- -- right -- ", "your knowledge Gerri Willis of the Willis report on the Fox Business Network you've got five tips to make these deals work for him. And there really aren't a lot of deals out there unbelievable like you just some homes for 101000 dollars here's what's going on out there though. Up prices overall", "35 million Americans hit the road skies in fact the  Labor Day weekend . That's just a slight increase about 1% from last says high gas prices and more schools starting before  Labor Day  accounts for the slow game. Even though the price of ", "more than 35 million Americans hit the road skies in fact the Labor Day weekend . That's just a slight increase about 1% from last year. Triple -- says high gas prices and more schools starting before Labor Day accounts for the slow game. Even though the price of a gallon of gas has gone down over the past two weeks ", "357. And prices are expected to jump another few cents by  Labor Day  so what's behind the increase. oil prices and problems with silver lining Josh expect prices to start falling again after  Labor Day  holiday I think we will take be on a thank you for that.", "paying 357. And prices are expected to jump another few cents by Labor Day so what's behind the increase. -- oil prices and problems with refineries and pipelines like this fire at a California refinery. Prices are up about 12% since July but there is a silver lining Josh expect prices to start falling again after Labor Day holiday -- -- -- I think we will take be on a thank you for that. ", "destinations. Finding that this  Labor Day . Everything will cost more ABC's Americans may be taking this  Labor Day weekend  off but their wallets will be working a dollar more than it did last  Labor Day . Christened him Wesley packed ", "are getting behind the wheel driving to their destinations. Finding that this Labor Day . Everything will cost more ABC's Barbara Pinto reports from outside Chicago tonight. Americans may be taking this Labor Day weekend off but their wallets will be working overtime. Airfares are soaring 9% higher than last year. -- room's up 7%. And a gallon of gas cost nearly a dollar more than it did last Labor Day . Christened him Wesley packed up their three boys three car seats and the trunk load of luggage for the six hour drive ", "looms large in the presidential race here at home  Labor Day weekend  traditional kick up of the campaign but this race that's what most of the candidates are doing over this  Labor Day weekend  it's all trying to make sure voters. In Concord ", "-- in Iraq looms large in the presidential race here at home Labor Day weekend -- -- traditional kick up of the campaign but this race has been intense for months now. As one campaign consultant observed we've played four quarters are ready and now the game is just beginning. ABC's Kate Snow is -- -- Hillary Clinton Campaign tonight in New Hampshire. -- -- game Hillary Clinton has her biggest cheerleader by her side Bill Clinton is here in New Hampshire and gone on the kick off -- -- -- fall campaign tour. To Iowa as well that's what most of the candidates are doing over this Labor Day weekend it's -- -- -- -- all trying to make sure voters. -- In Concord, New Hampshire today a new line of attack ", "time to start thinking about  Labor Day weekend  if you haven't made any plans you out Joining us with some  Labor Day weekend  travel tips and deals as Genevieve the to fly over talking about  Labor Day weekend  specifically. A lot of are ", "strip. Great deals -- OK let's get into the good stuff the Labor Day deals first I'll tell us about the Fairmont turned very high low island resort and beach club that's in Florida that's -- ", "now -- if they are there available to book right now for Labor Day weekend so go ahead -- up befriending. How are you really traversed the whole country -- -- thanks so much for joining us thank you for having me and for more on these great Labor Day deals you can check out travelocity of course dot com. That's all we have for this edition of now you know I'm ", "something happened on the road to  Labor Day weekend . Holiday drivers more at ease to the nation's road. This  Labor Day weekend  the American Automobile Association expected to be that third strongest  Labor Day weekend  this decade and it's good ", "few holidays have -- seen the decline in travel looks like this Labor Day people are choosing to go away again and ABC's John Andrew. Joins this morning from Arlington Virginia with more on that. -- Labor Day job. Good morning bill vacation travel is one of the first things Americans give up when times get tough but this weekend's ", "people are traveling this holiday. But something happened on the road to Labor Day weekend . Holiday drivers more at ease with the economy are merging back to the nation's road. This Labor Day weekend the American Automobile Association says 39 million travelers will hit the road there are some good news signs there. That's more than last Memorial Day in the July 4 weekend traditionally a much busier holiday. Even though Labor Day falls late this year and many kids are already in school. This weekend's travel is still down 13%. From last year but it's expected to be that third strongest Labor Day weekend this decade and it's good news that may -- points away and students are -- almost forty million. 700000. New cars on ", "Our best  Labor Day  continues straight ahead of the movies this weekend especially for so. Tasking when you look Paul and it's it's it's been great  Labor Day weekend  with some stuff. I'm gonna get my discounted online video like ", 'Our best Labor Day -- continues straight ahead of the movies this weekend especially for all of us on the East Coast who might get rained ', "Labor Day  is here and unfortunately that means enjoyable out. Joining us now it's her  Labor Day  food editor of kitchen daily dot com kept out at room temperature absolutely  Labor Day weekend  is it time to spend with your family ", "Labor Day is here and unfortunately that means the unofficial end of summer so in between all that back to school preparation and -- trips to the beach. Why not send -- the summer with a relaxing and enjoyable -- out. Joining us now it's her Labor Day food -- -- -- -- -- -- editor of kitchen daily dot com Sarah welcome and thanks for being here today I ", "Labor Day weekend  is traditionally an important one for retailers whether it's for last This thing is right now it's not just Labor were excited to celebrate  Labor Day  but it's also the end of the summer people are trying to move out that ", "is right now it's not just Labor -- were excited to celebrate Labor Day but it's also the end of the summer people are trying to move out that inventory. But summer -- can be worn ", "Last call for summer vacation  Labor Day weekend  wraps up busiest travel seasons of the year. AAA estimates save you money. Probably coming back on the Monday of  Labor Day  it's going to be more expensive if you wait until ", "two could save you money. Probably coming back on the Monday of Labor Day it's going to be more expensive if you wait until Tuesday -- especially Wednesday. They had some really good fares are round ", "everybody just wants barbecue on  Labor Day  so somehow about a holiday becomes And before I get to go have a  Labor Day weekend  so let's listen. from Washington that forming. Now there's a  Labor Day  get lasts all year like personal ", "Dalai Lama its Labor Day over here in the United States a rapidly approaching you guys don't have that -- Unfortunately Reid some all right what we're finally going for you guys I think -- -- -- -- weekend so we thought we ask our viewers. What piece of daily drudgery in their own lives they'd like to get rid of if they could. Let's hear what folks had to say beginning with -- from new agers. I am could feel I'm. Labor Day -- -- My -- because -- -- at a barbecue restaurant and everybody let's regulate anything. -- -- -- -- -- -- -- back to your reward period. Seasons is still play golf -- I like that imagine night you work -- a barbecue place that everybody just wants barbecue on Labor Day so somehow about a holiday becomes -- worst nightmare like Alan. I like what Christie's -- from New Jersey just terrible as ", "final one before ago. And before I get to go have a Labor Day weekend so let's listen. -- from Washington DC. They -- layer that -- give. Late to stop cooking and maybe even have somebody -- -- -- my personal shaft. Comments they -- that -- forming. Now there's a Labor Day get -- lasts all year -- -- like personal shoppers waiting for you at home. -- like that idea tune out if you get a neighbor day vacation on Monday does that mean I do as well. All I'm thinking not because we don't tape that show on Monday so you know what I mean. I'm off your stock stereo and -- know what else to -- thank you very much blood to all of our viewers in the United States and elsewhere certainly we want to wish them happy Labor Day . ", 'from a wooden effigy literally. Set on fire during  Labor Day weekend . And on the today when there is so much talk about non traditional weekend starts on the Wednesday before  Labor Day . before the or location so remote that everyone who ', 'Ordinary next. Traditionally this non traditional weekend starts on the Wednesday before Labor Day . -- -- -- -- -- before the -- or location so remote that everyone who comes must bring camping equipment food water. ']