["Researchers say both men and women today feel  marriage  simply isn't high on their priorities among young Americans 44%. Believe  marriage  is  becoming obsolete . Complete GT Howard is happy to be embracing besides the argument that  marriage  has a critical social value it's ", "incomes are going out. Researchers say both men and women today feel marriage simply isn't high on their priorities. In fact among young Americans 44%. Believe marriage is becoming obsolete Complete -- GT Howard is happy to be on her own. -- mother married at eighteen her grandmother at fifteen but she's now forty years old and choosing to be single. You've been a bridesmaid fourteen times -- think at this point you'll ever be a -- I'm not sure. But I am certain that -- will never settle for the wrong guy. Just for the sake of to. He married. It's a -- not everyone is embracing besides the argument that marriage has a critical social value it's also an issue of dollars and cents. Marriage foster's savings from the part of -- amendment more. Americans are not getting and staying married. Puts the American dream imperil. What ", "too long ago a wife. husband two kids that was the definition of the American family. But divorce gay parents  unmarried couples  with children all that is changing what we think. So researchers set out to determine how do we define an American children provides this quote guarantees. That moved to formally status. For instance in unmarried man and woman  living together  today high under 40% say that's a kids. It jumps to 83%. That's up percent since 2003. A gay couple. 33 ", 'that was the definition of the American family. But divorce gay parents unmarried couples with children all that is changing what we think. So researchers set out to determine how do we define an American family ', "too long ago a wife. A husband two kids that was the definition of the American family. But divorce gay parents  unmarried couples  with children all that is changing what we think. So researchers set out to determine how do we define an American difference children provides this quote guarantee that moved him to status. For instance an unmarried man and woman  living together  and say hi under 40% say that's a kids. It jumps to 83%. That's up 5% since 2003. A gay couple. 33 ", 'that was the definition of the American family. But divorce gay parents unmarried couples with children all that is changing what we think. So researchers set out to determine how do we define an American family ', 'As we all know maintaining any  marriage  or long term relationship is a challenge but it can both and still birth would have. On both married and  unmarried couples living together  and the impact is devastating. and give us just some ', 'both -- -- and still birth would have. On both married and unmarried couples living together and the impact is devastating. -- and give us just some quick numbers shore. Over time. Across this fifteen year period. We ', 'might benefit college age kids or even  unmarried couples . A lot of times carrier will restrict groups that works out for roommates.  Unmarried couples  really anyone who might be  living together  and would benefit from the the discounts ', 'actually this is something that might benefit college age kids or even unmarried couples . A lot of times -- carrier will restrict -- family plan to people of blood relation living in the same house. But oftentimes they they will also extended to anyone who happens to be to be living under the same groups that works out for roommates. Unmarried couples -- really anyone who might be living together and would benefit from the the discounts that those that pool of shared minutes is gonna happen. A lot of these Stanley ']