['Last weekend,  Edward Snowden  was offered asylum in Nicaragua, Venezuela and Bolivia. While government information on Wikileaks. Today, Assange is a proponent of  Edward Snowden  seeking asylum in Ecuador as well.', "Security Agency contractor  Edward Snowden  strongly denied that he gave to The Guardian columnist  Glenn Greenwald  . Greenwald reported that and The Guardian, about the  NSA 's vast, secret domestic Vladimir Putin said the former  NSA  contractor has not committed ", 'Edward Snowden  has reportedly been holed up in a Moscow airport since June 23rd. The do not fear the empire, to grant political asylum to the young man  Edward Snowden ," Maduro said in a public speech on Tuesday. Maduro had tough words when ', 'American-Israeli secret operation. Before  Edward Snowden  became a household name, he conducted German newspaper Der Spiegel Monday. " NSA  [U.S. National Security Agency Snowden said. Snowden said that the  NSA  regularly works with foreign governments ', 'video garnered more than 280,000 views and 2,500 comments on YouTube. One person commenting called Huber "the  Edward Snowden  of the buffet business." Golden Corral released a statement saying that none of the food on the video had been served ', 'steps for immigration reform. LINK  NSA : The Wall Street Journal\'s Jennifer of \'Relevant\' Empowered Vast  NSA  Data-Gathering " The National surveillance recently revealed by former  NSA  contractor  Edward Snowden -was made by the secret Foreign ', 'expressed interest in granting asylum to former CIA analyst  Edward Snowden  who is wanted by the United States on charges of revealing decided to offer humanitarian asylum to the American  Edward Snowden  to protect him from the persecution being unleashed ', 'in a news conference Sunday. Asylum Offers for  Edward Snowden  Bolivia has joined the ranks of South American countries offering refuge to  NSA  leaker  Edward Snowden . Bolivian President Evo Morales said Saturday that ', 'countries offering refuge to  NSA  leaker  Edward Snowden . Bolivian President Evo Morales government. Catch Up on the  Edward Snowden  Story Bolivia is the third country Nicaragua Talk Asylum for  Edward Snowden , but Could He Get There ', 'are prepared to throw  Edward Snowden  a lifeline -- if he can get there. The accused  NSA  leaker has been stuck to the young American  Edward Snowden ," Venezuela\'s President be. Catch Up on the  Edward Snowden \'s Story Bolivia\'s ', 'Me: Anna Chapman Proposes to  Edward Snowden  It\'s a match made in heaven The tweet was directed to  NSA  leaker  Edward Snowden . Shortly after, Chapman tweeted the  NSA  asking, "Will you look after ', "nation's first democratically elected government. LINK  EDWARD SNOWDEN  The New York Times' Christopher Drew and Scott Shane working for a National Security Agency contractor,  Edward J .  Snowden  learned to be a hacker. He took a course that trains ", "Edward Snowden 's travels have caused yet another inciden t between the U.S. and part of Latin America. On Tuesday, while traveling from ", 'Americans." In his March testimony, Clapper answered "no," later adding, "not wittingly." It was later revealed that the  NSA  does collect "metadata" from telephone and Internet companies on millions of Americans - information that reveals information ', "As alleged  NSA  leaker  Edward Snowden 's options for political asylum appear Senate committee in which he denied the  NSA  purposefully collects, as Sen. Ron Where In the World Could Snowden Go?  Edward Snowden  will presumably receive the letter ", 'AGENCY ABC News\' Kirit Radia: "  Edward Snowden  Blasts Obama \'Deception \': WikiLeaks"  Edward Snowden , the former National Security accept an asylum request from  Edward Snowden  is raising new questions in Washington ', 'Morsi "to meet the demands of the people" or it will intervene. 3. Snowden Hits Hurdles in Search for Asylum  NSA  leaker  Edward Snowden \'s best chance for asylum may depend on the president of Venezuela, who was in Moscow on Tuesday meeting with ', 'Edward Snowden , the former National Security Agency contractor headline-grabbing reports concerning what he called the  NSA \'s "horrifying" foreign and domestic WikiLeaks source] Bradley Manning or [previous  NSA  whistleblower] Thomas Drake. We are stateless ', 'probably heard people say that the  Edward Snowden  saga is like a "Hollywood movie desperately tried to locate the runaway  NSA  leaker. It was produced in just a traffics his secret information on the  NSA \'s spy tactics around the world ']