["Check back for the royal baby's full  astrology  chart after the birth. If this baby is born after July 22, he or she will be a  Leo , a sign that draws strength and authority Leos are strong and courageous like  the lion  icon that represents them, and also quite ", 'credit: Getty Images)  Horoscopes  usually forecast the experience, believes that a  horoscope  can reveal more than to weight loss. " Astrology  works on the premise her site. "Medical  astrology  holds the key to re-balancing Here\'s a few of her  horoscope -guided tips from and soy products."  Leo  Ward recommends exercise ', "authors of The Political  Astrology  Blog what they see in the opposite sign, the  Leo  period, there's political were both during her  Leo  period. The year 2016 all part of the type of  astrology  the men who run the blog a rub: this type of  astrology  is reliant on a having ", 'Pew poll, 25 percent of Americans said they believed in  astrology ; 71 percent said they did not. Kunkle falls into the latter 21 Gemini: June 21- July 20 Cancer: July 20- Aug. 10  Leo : Aug. 10- Sept. 16 Virgo: Sept. 16- Oct. 30 Libra ', 'Pew poll, 25 percent of Americans said they believed in  astrology ; 71 percent said they did not. Kunkle falls into the latter 21 Gemini: June 21- July 20 Cancer: July 20- Aug. 10  Leo : Aug. 10- Sept. 16 Virgo: Sept. 16- Oct. 30 Libra ', "Woody Allen I am a spiritual seeker and a  Leo . As such, I prefer chatty, outgoing August. I didn't even ask to be a  Leo . But since someone or something chose In the end I still see myself as a  Leo  with a Scorpio creator. But through ", 'Also in the aftermath of the Aug. 1 solar eclipse in  Leo , Miller predicted "a king or a prince leave the scene are no excuse for inaction by the American voter. "" Astrology  shows you the conditions, it doesn\'t show you the outcome ', 'Also in the aftermath of the Aug. 1 solar eclipse in  Leo , Miller predicted "a king or a prince leave the scene predictions are no excuse for inaction by the American voter. "" Astrology  shows you the conditions, it doesn\'t show you the outcome ', 'astrologers at the United  Astrology  Conference in Denver predicted anybody\'s guess. " Astrology  shows you the conditions says, while Obama, a  Leo , shows inspirational whose online forecasts on  Astrology  Zone reach 6 million readers ']