['experience, believes that a  horoscope  can reveal more than key to weight loss. " Astrology  works on the premise her site. "Medical  astrology  holds the key to re-balancing Here\'s a few of her  horoscope -guided tips from her warns Taurus signs.  Libra  Ward advises cutting ', 'spooky vampire getup. Could  astrology  help you find a Halloween costume Decorating & Party Ideas]  LIBRA  KIDS (September 23- October 22) Gentle  Libra  is made of sugar and spice. There over ghoulish. Your little  Libra  makes the perfect Disney princess ', 'spooky vampire getup. Could  astrology  help you find a Halloween costume Decorating & Party Ideas]  LIBRA  KIDS (September 23- October 22) Gentle  Libra  is made of sugar and spice. There over ghoulish. Your little  Libra  makes the perfect Disney princess ', 'Pew poll, 25 percent of Americans said they believed in  astrology ; 71 percent said they did not. Kunkle falls into the Leo: Aug. 10- Sept. 16 Virgo: Sept. 16- Oct. 30  Libra : Oct. 30- Nov. 23 Scorpio: Nov. 23- Nov. 29 Ophiuchus ', 'Pew poll, 25 percent of Americans said they believed in  astrology ; 71 percent said they did not. Kunkle falls into the Leo: Aug. 10- Sept. 16 Virgo: Sept. 16- Oct. 30  Libra : Oct. 30- Nov. 23 Scorpio: Nov. 23- Nov. 29 Ophiuchus ', "only to the freedom track on the electoral stereo. We predicted the future of politics with a  horoscope  containing just the astrological sign  Libra . We weren't exactly wrong. Living in the midst of the civil rights struggle, during a cold ", "scientists weren't trying to demonstrate the power of  astrology  in their study. They were trying to prove just how easy says. Out of that emerged a clear picture showing that a  Libra  has an increased risk of fracturing a pelvis, and a Scorpio ", "astrological sign and your roommate's. Interior design and  astrology  go hand in hand because, as Facciuto and Tufaro say personality in every piece. Sign Info Air Signs: Gemini,  Libra , Aquarius Colors: light blues, greens, yellows Earth ", "Whether people believe in  astrology  or not, nearly everyone knows his structured and organized personality.  Libra  (Sept. 23 - Oct. 22) The sign's symbol of scales represent the  Libra 's desire for fairness and a balance ", 'Braxton, who has had two children since her last album, three years ago, is set to release a new one called " Libra " after her  horoscope  sign. "We\'re always trying to find balance," Braxton said of Libras. "Doing the mom and the career thing ']