["When Eric Holder and President Obama went there last week like it or not they added fuel to the fire I suggested they picked and are highly sensitive -- -- Bob disagreed.  What is the state of race in America not good if you believe Yvette Clarke -- from New York in congressional plaque black caucus spokesperson was.  It may seem as -- African Americans and other minorities have achieved full equality in our civil society.  We are still victims of racial profiling in violation of our laws and our morals.  The lives of black men and women are not accorded the same value.  As the lives.  Of white Americans.  This is the -- -- and for far too many black Americans.  Wait a minute America treats people equally we have a black president Europe even has never had a black president -- No other country on the planet offers the kind of opportunities this great nation -- all of its citizens regardless of race so.  Who are the real race -- sometimes in life the ones crying the file and allowed -- are the biggest offenders.  Now Bob you have to admit things were getting better things felt good present -- -- -- -- be the first post racial.  President and then this all starts up and he's he's -- he -- -- how this this CBC.  Spoke things felt good you felt good did you black president -- -- -- with him are black problem.  This what this woman said this -- religion I don't and that is when she talks about black people being.  Profiles whether it's in neighbor in their cars walking through store for their follow the -- -- only wanna do is shop.  There are any number of the idea that somebody can actually believe -- is no racism in America is silly now when she said there.  The blacks got it up equal value it's like I don't -- -- that I think they are accorded that but but the idea that racism is is it is not Iraq.  Don't let Americans get you -- go round table do you honestly believe president -- was racially profile and followed in stores issued when.  I probably shouldn't I believe and as it.  Why don't do the racially profile you what is it.  Columbia over.  I don't know -- -- -- mr.  anyway Greg what it written state of race in America and why well there's one country where it race date they have absolutely no.  Racial problems at all they have no racial strike strike they have no -- see.  It's called the military.  In America where discipline is married to results with out at free pass and it works and -- I'm not suggesting that we should militarized America.  Yes I am I think that we need to draft do we need to draft everybody because it seems to be the only way to make this disappear but what we keep talking about black vs white.  This is there's a much bigger.  -- world of discrimination going on and it's the attractive vs the ugly.  We sit here we -- but there are beautiful black people they're beautiful white people if the ugly people that are left behind it frankly aren't somebody -- to speak up for them.  And it might be -- -- a short people short you know I've given up -- nobody cares about short people that's true big circle we're we're the lowest on the wrong.  After an attractive people people person right yeah I wondered if you attracted people that will stand up for ugly people ticket plus not -- A foot in both camps and like the shortest and -- -- yes I'll yes exactly -- you know you're you know like.  You are ugly it's if you think that.  Failure to bring us back to present -- -- -- now the Congressional Black Caucus.  I'm I think is getting better they basing this -- well I think there's no question and President Obama said this in his speech on Friday these are a lot better than they used to -- them.  -- -- Bob when your dad who was -- -- our rights movement and they're fighting over the base the ability for people to sit in the same restaurant together.  OK so we have been -- so everything is relative I disagree on about on the value of life because if you remember the -- now trial and this is the abortion clinic at trial in Philadelphia where that gods now ended up getting -- from prison on for -- and committing those murders.  The outrage -- actually coming -- afford that children the babies the wife and I think that and perhaps getting past that and feeling like them that life is not valued.  Then she could channel some of that energy and the passion that she had there to get some other things done.  I'm add one other thing and I think it's just the military where you have some equality and people working even extra hard look at -- It is certainly that is a place where there has been an increase in a vertical and of equality however.  When you look at how many African Americans couldn't graduate from high school compared to Hispanics and whites.  That number is not good enough and I think that is where if we focus on that for all of our -- would be.  -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- Oh I'm sorry I was -- -- Scandinavian I -- how much he -- children you blatantly on the question.  There's something what is the quest is actually zero rationing -- my guest at a race in America I think hurt her statement would have been accurate.  Couple decades ago at one point in time she's absolutely right however that has changed and I think as a nation we've gone out of our way.  To over compensate for those grievances.  There was a Supreme Court case on this just a couple weeks ago where they looked at saving special seats for minorities giving them this opportunity.  Over white kids how much is that fair and I just think any time you have.  -- -- Or even a gender say women pushing to be better or get special treatment you're gonna have real problems in society is this really about equality Eric.  Or is about special treat.  I'm not sure it's it's not about making sure that is -- and a continued racial divide because.  In politics that seems to work and see where it should especially for Democrats are usually -- Jesse did we think it's just your idea to have -- when I went and -- yeah lax ultra or pres Obama that he ninety you know ninety plus percent.  I I think it's in their best interest Democrats especially black Democrats to make sure that that continues that there isn't -- perception of equality in politics you you -- actually think that we should around the Democratic Party and wanna have racial division.  I don't -- -- I do yes yes he gets paid for people who did that -- -- did -- for myself who -- down to register blacks in the south who want to people who have a chance equal chance.  We didn't want divide we -- -- did they have an opportunity and we got a different Bob we're talking about contemporary modern liberal good liberal isn't that -- wanted to disagree with you about the academic piece.  The media academic complex is largely responsible for the racial division because they teach race warfare as in classrooms I mean they have studies that are telling you that the west sucks.  It and it it also -- -- when you look at the college dropout rates it's not helping minorities it when they go to these it will go to these colleges and take these crappy classes racial warfare right now at the crack cocaine of CNN MSNBC in most college campus -- That would high school diploma and your chances -- the high school -- but I but I I -- sick at least it's not fair to generalize because I also feel that there's a number in the black community.  Do you feel like they're being lumped in with others in the black community and it's completely unfair.  Some blacks I've talked to said look.  I -- cart this is not fair to generalize all African Americans and Bob it's the same way with Democrats you're not like that at all you're not a divider but what we see.  Often times -- members of the Democratic Party.  The sharpton's the Jesse jacksons who perpetuate these racial divisions.  It's so destructive.  That's that's -- that's to make it really -- obvious point here.  I give a lot of grief to like it's Congressional Black Caucus for having one point of view at the table it's liberal it's not black it's liberal.  At this same point we -- here talking about this and despite what people here and I think fox should be hiring more black conservatives because.  Dammit they need to be here they need to be everywhere where -- and we listen a big big big deal when they come across and that's fair balance you know you have a collection begins long and month -- -- -- There there are there are.  Very successful blacks in America armour hadn't a fight literally almost a fight with Jesse Jackson about when Jackson -- complaining about in in the in the a minority communities.  The store at the end of each block was owned by Jews but about this before it figures he -- and that's -- we get ripped off and then there was a -- entertainment.  And that it was about I suggest -- why does somebody who's black by that story.  There's not -- James Simpson admitted today access to capital.  Well as anybody that was bad he could could make that argument is that you could get Axis Capital could -- It was the Bill O'Reilly -- been fired up on the race debate last nice talking to Marc Morial.  War one of the leaders and it in the African American I'm movement community listen.  We both want the same fame.  You know and I want the same thing.  We want civility.  We want safety.  And we want prosperity.  For all Americans.  Particularly -- -- disadvantaged.  But I'm telling you.  That there is a hustle going on in the civil rights industry there's a grievance industry that makes a lot of money off the vision.  And it's not being challenged by anybody but me me.  And -- taken a lot of you know bill when it.  Last word bill let me say this Americans do have an opportunity to express themselves to express their grievances.  Against the government -- -- the nation but we also have a responsibility.  To work to find common ground you and I need to talk more because I'm sure we can find common ground because I think when people talk they can find common ground if we agree.  A lot of people die and while a -- is going on mr.  -- -- and we appreciate you coming on and you're welcome anytime you want to come on this broadcast.  -- Bob.  Well me.  He's the only one talking about a -- I would only want to know that I just can't be.  -- march cited the fact he's taken this on all by yourself but he dole rally doesn't anymore about the in the black community than anybody who's never been there but.  Out so well I don't even saying this he's indeed he should -- the hostage to the hustle the race community and that is.  Let's go back the night that requires him when he did his talking points memo which ended up being one of most most watched talking placement was ever one of the most popular ones it's most talked about.  What he did -- from his platform which is considerable as he said.  -- oddly the one who's who says some of the things that are uncomfortable to say in polite society that you don't wanna necessarily bring up -- I think what he did on on that -- was very successful and it hot market -- Let's get together and talk about its work -- and what I think -- Riley did was.  And letting -- rip the band aid off.  Those.  The the -- underneath that did the decent.  Morial we will will will talk to people die every resident.  -- but -- on talking Chad a while we're talking about all these young black Americans are dying in urban centers because the policies we've had in place are not working and that need to be changed -- Points on the on the bill -- point eight understatement -- -- you talk about what's going on we've been talking about this for a long time President Obama brought.  Injected race it into into the argument into the debate he injected aware wasn't there.  According to -- bomb Martin's family according to the state prosecutors according to defense that -- wasn't about race pres Obama and Eric Holder.  Brought it in so.  Bill O'Reilly and let me summarize -- -- -- not -- so instead of doing that how about lead out of it don't inject more it would lead out of the race debate what what it's like it did not trigger a debate -- -- -- we have not -- willing -- -- in this country.  -- -- -- -- -- You're right.  Why because every time somebody says we need to have a conversation about race.  The translation is we must agree with you about it.  If you were to talk about families of self reliance that's construed as racist expecting normal behavior is construed as bigoted by hucksters who make a living.  Off this kind out but even that.  -- you -- people are.  They're scared and it's not just the people who are not black there's people in the black community that are scared to speak up because they don't -- to get Bill Cosby Juan Williams -- -- -- -- -- an excellent editorial.  Echoing what Bill O'Reilly said.  Gave great advice not just for blacks for whites for Hispanics for everybody stay in school week to get married don't have kids out of wedlock it's the fastest path to poverty.  And again Eric Holder and Barack Obama.  They have had every opportunity afforded to them president Obama's father.  His black father left him when he was two years old his white mother raised him he had every opportunity to go to school yet he identifies.  With his father he is an opportunity to step up as a role model because he is one and he should and he's missing his moment. "]