['the wealthy and no "cuts to vital services." Some of the ads reportedly ran during televised coverage of  Macy \' s Thanksgiving Day parade . AARP, the Business Roundtable and the National Coalition to Preserve Social Security and Medicare have ', "Instant Index: Thanksgiving Parade Balloons Take Test Flight, Dorothy's Dress Sells", "Though Hello Kitty, Papa Smurf and the Elf on the Shelf will make their official debut next Thursday at the  Macy ' s Thanksgiving Day Parade , the three balloons took to the sky near the Meadowlands Racetrack in East Rutherford, N.J., for a test ", "on Thanksgiving Day. You know how you want to be on the couchin your PJs, sipping coffee and watching the  Macy ' s Thanksgiving Day Parade  on Thursday morning? So does everyone else. That's why the airports will be packed on Wednesday night ", 'and special guests cut the ribbon but never an employee." A jubilant Syracuse cut the parade ribbon at the  Macy \' s Thanksgiving Day Parade  alongside Hall in 2009. "Macy\'s has come a long, long way," says Syracuse, who was forced to retire ', "we watched our father hold Amanda up in the window of their apartment in New York City so she could see the  Macy ' s Thanksgiving Day Parade  drift down Central Park West, and we watched him hold her at her christening at St. Patrick's Cathedral ", "pricey cocktail -- the view will make you feel like you're in a movie. Finally, what's BETTER than the  Macy ' s Thanksgiving Day Parade ? The night before the parade -- when you can take a stroll up Central Park West and check out the balloons ", "yacht-size helium balloons (think Uncle Sam, a toy soldier and more) that you'll see live or on television in  Macy ' s Thanksgiving Day Parade  in New York City. While the parade size and running time (30-45 minutes) are shorter than the Big Apple's ", 'That\'s it," she said. But the lighter-than-air gas that blows up balloons and lifts those famous  Macy \' s Thanksgiving Day Parade  floats is growing scarce. In the last three years, prices have more than doubled because, in this case ', 'spokeshuman, Socks says he is happy with the new gig. "Do I miss seeing myself as a giant balloon in the  Macy \' s Thanksgiving Day Parade ? The crazy nights in Las Vegas with that Taco Bell Chihuahua? Yeah, sometimes," says Socks wistfully ', "presidents, from 1998 to 2001. The promotion included a national advertising campaign and a float in the  Macy ' s Thanksgiving Day Parade . Faced with little demand, the Mint stopped producing the Sacagaweas in 2002, except for collectors. This ", "courageous he's obviously here. Dallas release had in the big Macy's day Thanksgiving parade. There may make  Macy ' s Thanksgiving Day parade  here in New York big huge break when of the biggest in the country the kind of fall on their Takes a little ", "-- had in the big Macy's day Thanksgiving parade. There may make Macy's Thanksgiving Day parade here in New York big huge break when of the biggest in the country -- -- -- -- the -- kind of ", "So many of you sending your three words, what are you most thankful for. Our cameras were out along the  macy ' s thanksgiving day parade , and we loved what came back to us. Frantic family memories. Mom tries cooking. Eat good food. Family ", "what are you most thankful for. Our cameras were out along the macy's thanksgiving day parade , and we loved what came back to us. Frantic family memories. Mom tries cooking. Eat good food. Family spending time. It was ", "Reporter: Okay, so, say you're a family of four in atlanta and you want to fly to new york city for the  macy ' s thanksgiving day parade , or for some christmas shopping. How do you save real money? Tip number one -- buy now, or not long from ", "atlanta and you want to fly to new york city for the macy's thanksgiving day parade , or for some christmas shopping. How do you save real money? Tip number one -- buy now, or not long from now. ", "with Mickey Mouse and also buzz as all of them. This tough guy making debut on Thanksgiving morning at the  Macy ' s Thanksgiving Day parade . And by the way Macy's if you're looking for someone to write it down the parade route I'm on Thanksgiving ", "tough guy -- -- making -- debut on Thanksgiving morning at the Macy's Thanksgiving Day parade . And by the way Macy's if you're looking for someone to write it down the parade route I'm -- on Thanksgiving. ", "in the day far larger. Than previously thought. Also rising in Google today not surprisingly the annual  Macy ' s Thanksgiving Day parade  the first edition. In 1924 featured marching bands and line animals borrowed from the Central Park Zoo ", "Than previously thought. Also rising in Google today not surprisingly the annual Macy's Thanksgiving Day parade the first edition. In 1924 featured marching bands and line animals borrowed from the Central Park Zoo. Every year since then the ", "For many people the  Macy ' s Thanksgiving Day parade  is the kick off to the holiday season. Just making debut on Thanksgiving morning at the  Macy ' s Thanksgiving Day parade . And by the way Macy's if you're looking ", "For many people the Macy's Thanksgiving Day parade is the kick off to the holiday season. Just eight days before the big event we're getting a sneak peek at the ", "tough guy tricolor annually making -- debut on Thanksgiving morning at the Macy's Thanksgiving Day parade . And by the way Macy's if you're looking for someone to -- and down the parade route I'm -- on Thanksgiving. Our "]