['jobs available to pay for that education. As this downturn continues. You are seeing the potential of an economically  Lost Generation  young people. taking years to get on the escalator to move into stable employment. Now those private college loans so ', 'As this downturn continues. You are seeing the potential of an economically Lost Generation young people. -- -- taking years to get on the escalator to move into stable employment. Now those private college loans so ', 'the disaster. College students have been given a week or off school young people in Japan are often referred to as the  Lost Generation . But in this last seven days seen nothing but focus and direction in the meantime a lot of us that states and Japan have ', 'off school young people in Japan are often referred to as the Lost Generation . But in this last seven days -- seen nothing but focus and direction in the meantime a lot of us that -- ', "part of a generation of people who are becoming known as a  Lost Generation . We're suffering from unemployment at the very least mr. Kirk. Challenge. Thomas and other members of the  Lost Generation  what do they have to do that they're not doing now. Number ", "part of a generation of people who are becoming known as a Lost Generation . We're suffering from unemployment at the very least under employment. This campaign like so many across the country has really been more ", "have this mr. Kirk. Challenge. Thomas -- and other members of the Lost Generation what do they have to do that they're not doing now. Number one thing is to up credential to stay in school ", "part of a generation of people who are becoming known as a  Lost Generation . We're suffering from unemployment at the very least mr. Kirk. Challenge. Thomas and other members of the  Lost Generation  what do they have to do that they're not doing now. Number ", "part of a generation of people who are becoming known as a Lost Generation . We're suffering from unemployment at the very least under employment. This campaign like so many across the country has really been more ", "-- this mr. Kirk. Challenge. Thomas -- and other members of the Lost Generation what do they have to do that they're not doing now. Number one thing is to up credential to stay in school ", 'alienation. Between people that I wonder sometimes whether bridges. Can be built again. And we always talk about. A  Lost Generation . What for a next generation. And I think think global network has an ingenious. Idea. Using the technical. Facilities ', 'whether bridges. Can be built again. And we always talk about. A Lost Generation . What -- -- for a next generation. And I think think global -- network has an ingenious. Idea. Using the technical. Facilities ', 'soldier standing at the White House today there was an extraordinary tribute to the only Americans still living. Who  fought in World War I  what they called the great war. Frank buckles became a soldier nine decades ago. Fudged as AG said and joined the army ', 'there was an extraordinary tribute to the only Americans still living. Who fought in World War I what they called the great war. Frank buckles became a soldier nine decades ago. Fudged as AG said and joined the army ']