['Peek at Pippa Middleton\'s Party-Planning Book Middleton gained worldwide fame when she donned an eye-catching  maid of honor  gown at her sister\'s wedding in April 2011 . She wrote about her instant-fame in her book, "Celebrate," which ', 'with Albuquerque police officer Nick Wheeler in the months before her death. Wheeler is the husband of Chavez\'s  maid of honor , Samantha Wheeler. "She was upset. She basically said she wanted someone to love her," Nick Wheeler testified ', "It's hard to believe that Pippa Middleton , whose fitted, ivory  maid - of - honor  gown nearly stole the show at older sister Kate Middleton's royal wedding to Prince William, once vowed to wear tennis whites ", "and Cassata, 26, met two years ago when they were  maid of honor  and best man, respectively, in a mutual friend's 70 guests, flying in McCarthy's man of honor and  maid of honor , her two best friends from Chicago. The guests watched ", 'prenup. "She set me up with her husband\'s best friend, and I end up marrying him. I was pregnant, and she was the  maid of honor  at my wedding," Houraney told ABCNews.com. Houraney and her now ex-husband Steve Houraney were married at a ', 'plastic surgery list this year? Middleton\'s younger sister, Pippa , 29, whose scene-stealing figure in her white  maid of honor  dress at the 2011 wedding inspired its own cosmetic surgery trend, the "Pippa butt lift."', 'book pictures, but they were more interested in the witnesses who were my brother junior usher at the time and the  maid of honor ," Norma said. On Nov. 21 the couple finally made their marriage legitimate, and filed their paperwork to obtain ', 'Photo) In Pippa Middleton\'s new book, "Celebrate: A Year of Festivities for Families and Friends," the royal  maid of honor  and sister of Kate opens up about her new-found fame. "It\'s a bit startling to achieve global recognition (if ', "celebrations, so she wouldn't appear to be cashing in on her royal connections. PHOTOS: Pippa Middleton, Royal  Maid of Honor  Middleton, who earned an English degree from Edinburgh University, launched The Party Times , the online party magazine ", "300 guests at the ritzy Jumeirah Essex House hotel across from Central Park. Standing at Baby Hope's side as the  Maid of Honor  was Wendy Diamond , Baby Hope's owner, who orchestrated the $270,000 affair (all donated) to raise money and ", 'planned Billy Baldwin\'s wedding to Cheyenne Phillips, and Diamond herself. "I\'m working like a dog, like every  maid of honor ," Diamond said, adding she is not calling herself the mother of the bride, considering that Baby Hope is 56 in ', 'in other churches: the bridal procession, the traditional role of the parents of the bride, best man, matron or  maid of honor  and the traditional seating of respective families and friends." Couples can chose between "one of several different ', "Accused 'Honeymoon Killer' Showed Pics of Dead Wife Posing Near Signs Warning of Drowning", "knocked his mask off, and by the time he recovered she had sunk beyond his reach. Amanda Phillips, who was Tina's  maid of honor  at her wedding, told an Alabama courtroom today she initially believed Gabe's story about Tina's death. Shaking ", 'Jennifer Gabrielli, 24, of California delivered her toast to the tune of Eminem\'s "Without Me."', "we'll be standing by Kate Middleton silence him as Prince William. Have a Middleton of younger sister best friend and  maid of honor  for the future princess. Between seven year old beauty is also is nick discovered Britain's most eligible bachelorette ", "as Prince William. Have a Middleton of younger sister best friend and maid of honor for the future princess. Between seven year old beauty is also is nick -- discovered Britain's most eligible bachelorette. But -- you ", 'the dress alone consent to back several thousand dollars. And the we that was actually thinking about having a bake sale to pay for her wedding but she got creative and not a whole lot more. Kelly Gray has been dreaming about her wedding long before she ever gotten here tomorrow you wanna be', "the same. I love that. All right, so stacy is asking if olivia ever married who would they choose as best man and  maid of honor ? That's a great question. I love it. Hey, guys, we have so much more. Don't go away, we have more answers ", "if olivia ever married who would they choose as best man and maid of honor ? That's a great question. I love it. Hey, guys, we have so much more. Don't go away, we have more answers and ", "pinterest. I have. We pulled it down to four styles. Terry, tell us about these styles for melissa. And is your  maid of honor  going to come and help you, maybe? Come on, beautiful. Josh, stacy is with you. We're not going to make you ", "styles. Terry, tell us about these styles for melissa. And is your maid of honor going to come and help you, maybe? Come on, beautiful. Josh, stacy is with you. We're not going to make you choose ", "town. Now we're getting a look into her new found fame. Reporter: For the first time, the world's most famous  maid of honor  is opening up about the ups and downs of fame. In an excerpt from her new party-planning book celebrating a year ", "new found fame. Reporter: For the first time, the world's most famous maid of honor is opening up about the ups and downs of fame. In an excerpt from her new party-planning book celebrating a year of ", "george. Sharon's wonderful. Lexie's getting married at the end of the month. And yeardley would have been her  maid of honor . And sharon's husband and yeardley and lexie's dad, john, died of prostate cancer in 2003. They called themselves ", "at the end of the month. And yeardley would have been her maid of honor . And sharon's husband and yeardley and lexie's dad, john, died of prostate cancer in 2003. They called themselves the three muss ket "]