['mental institution. We learn some things about Mr. Carraway: he comes from a well-to-do family, seems to have  fought in World War I , attended an Ivy League school, likes to write and like so many young men during the roaring 20s, tried to strike it ', 'family with three children should be the ideal. He praised Russian culture for having global influence, promised more assistance for World War II veterans and suggested a national memorial should be built to honor those who  fought in World War I .', 'opponent\'s campaign went so far as to write you off as a  lost generation ," he said. The president was referencing a release from Romney campaign last week, entitled "The Obama Economy\'s  Lost Generation ," that hit the president for the rising cost of college ', 'of 24. So it\'s not unusual that we\'re going to see college-age kids suffering more than anybody else." A true " lost generation ," with the highest current rates of unemployment and mental illness. Yet, we are still an underserved nation, with ', "so why not have some participation in their success? Q: What about the lost decade that just occurred. The notion of a  lost generation  of investors. How long do you think the scars of the bear market are going to affect individuals' behavior? Or have they ", "and this question is for you, Mister Giannoulias. I am part of the generation of people who are becoming known as a  lost generation . We're suffering from unemployment at the very least, underemployment. This campaign, like so many across the country ", "Beloit College Reminds Class of 2014 About 'Dirty Harry,' 'Beavis and Butthead' and Corded Phones", 'sensitive director than as Dirty Harry. 13. Parents and teachers feared that Beavis and Butt-head might be the voice of a  lost generation . 14. Doctor Kevorkian has never been licensed to practice medicine. 15. Colorful lapel ribbons have always been worn ', 'With one in five Gen Yers unable to find work, a new " lost generation " may be in the making in Europe. Policymakers fear long-term Europe\'s Gen Yers will suffer the fate of Japan\'s  Lost Generation  -- young people who came of age in the recession-wracked ', 'consequence of an economic collapse. In Japan, it\'s sending shivers across the country, raising fears that another " Lost Generation " of young Japanese will be locked out of good jobs forever. "Whether they get a job when they graduate decides their ', 'blogosphere made authors out of Iraq-based U.S. soldiers like former U.S. Army Spc. Colby Buzzell , the soldiers who  fought in World War I  nearly a century ago were writing poems, keeping diaries and scribbling letters to send to their anxious families and ', "expected to rekindle that's just the economy get people back to work and then you can have trust in government or is it we  lost generation  in terms of the actual these institutions. I think that there is an overall lack of trust in institutions. I think whether ", 'jobs available to pay for that education. As this downturn continues. You are seeing the potential of an economically  Lost Generation  young people. taking years to get on the escalator to move into stable employment. Now those private college loans so ', 'As this downturn continues. You are seeing the potential of an economically Lost Generation young people. -- -- taking years to get on the escalator to move into stable employment. Now those private college loans so ', 'the disaster. College students have been given a week or off school young people in Japan are often referred to as the  Lost Generation . But in this last seven days seen nothing but focus and direction in the meantime a lot of us that states and Japan have ', 'off school young people in Japan are often referred to as the Lost Generation . But in this last seven days -- seen nothing but focus and direction in the meantime a lot of us that -- ', "part of a generation of people who are becoming known as a  Lost Generation . We're suffering from unemployment at the very least mr. Kirk. Challenge. Thomas and other members of the  Lost Generation  what do they have to do that they're not doing now. Number ", "part of a generation of people who are becoming known as a Lost Generation . We're suffering from unemployment at the very least under employment. This campaign like so many across the country has really been more ", "have this mr. Kirk. Challenge. Thomas -- and other members of the Lost Generation what do they have to do that they're not doing now. Number one thing is to up credential to stay in school ", "part of a generation of people who are becoming known as a  Lost Generation . We're suffering from unemployment at the very least mr. Kirk. Challenge. Thomas and other members of the  Lost Generation  what do they have to do that they're not doing now. Number ", "part of a generation of people who are becoming known as a Lost Generation . We're suffering from unemployment at the very least under employment. This campaign like so many across the country has really been more ", "-- this mr. Kirk. Challenge. Thomas -- and other members of the Lost Generation what do they have to do that they're not doing now. Number one thing is to up credential to stay in school ", 'alienation. Between people that I wonder sometimes whether bridges. Can be built again. And we always talk about. A  Lost Generation . What for a next generation. And I think think global network has an ingenious. Idea. Using the technical. Facilities ', 'whether bridges. Can be built again. And we always talk about. A Lost Generation . What -- -- for a next generation. And I think think global -- network has an ingenious. Idea. Using the technical. Facilities ', 'soldier standing at the White House today there was an extraordinary tribute to the only Americans still living. Who  fought in World War I  what they called the great war. Frank buckles became a soldier nine decades ago. Fudged as AG said and joined the army ', 'there was an extraordinary tribute to the only Americans still living. Who fought in World War I what they called the great war. Frank buckles became a soldier nine decades ago. Fudged as AG said and joined the army ']