['commended the upbeat, celebratory air, they also found flaws. While Tonioli said the routine was "like watching a  Mardi Gras parade  down Bourbon Street," he noted that Jones lost timing a few times, and Inaba thought the production was good but ', "still a mystery, but Cannon said he's open to any theories. The most compelling theory he has heard? The head is from a  Mardi Gras  float, was washed away by Hurricane Katrina and, eight years later, somehow ended up in the Hudson River. Cannon laughed ", 'food festivals, lifestyle, sports, cultural, entertainment and arts events. Work behind the scenes of Sydney Festival,  Mardi Gras  and Vivid Festival, all leading up to the spectacular New Years\' Eve fireworks on Sydney Harbour." Another of the six jobs ', 'picture. Wright said she saw no sewage running down the walls at all. "It was kind of fun," she said. She recalled that on  Fat Tuesday , the crew put together a parade, the band played and t-shirts were thrown into the crowd. As for her next cruise ', 'weekend." One big exception is New Orleans were prices are down compared to President\'s Day weekend last year because  Mardi Gras  is over. What do couples want most at hotels during a romantic getaway? "Topping the list were things like champagne and ', 'to 100 the result is, the better the pancake," she said. Debenhams is promoting their TeFal Jamie Oliver pancake pan.  Mardi Gras  2013: Photos, News and More Templeton said that "the golden rules seem to be to have a good pan at 377 degrees, have zero ', "emergency officials. The storm caused major damage to the University of Southern Mississippi campus and is likely to stretch into  Fat Tuesday  in southeast Louisiana. 3. LA Manhunt Causes Lowe's Evacuation A Lowe's in California was evacuated during an investigation ", "with revelers in the final weekend leading up to the  Mardi Gras  festivities. Gunfire rang out Saturday night on the locals and tourists, many of whom are in town for  Mardi Gras , running for cover. Susan Talbot, manager of Rita's ", 'The restaurant has raised over $10 million over the past eight pancake holidays. Pancake day is typically celebrated on " Fat Tuesday " or the last day before Lent. This year it occurs on Tuesday, February 12. Craving pancakes but can\'t make it to an ', "hosting the Super Bowl this weekend and  Mardi Gras  immediately after. Those who purchase the seating in the hotel's Polo Lounge during  Mardi Gras , where revelers watch many of the  Mardi Gras  parades that pass through the French Quarter ", "The people of New Orleans have hosted nine Super Bowls since 1970, but Super Bowl 2013 may be one of the most meaningful yet. That, of course, is because it's the first Super Bowl in New Orleans since Hurricane Katrina devastated the region in 2005. When the San Francisco 49ers compete against the", "editor of SmarterTravel.com. That means traveling to ski resorts in the summer and New Orleans when it's not celebrating  Mardi Gras . So-called shoulder seasons also offer lower prices on lodging and activities. That's the time between a high season ", 'Happy  Fat Tuesday  everybody you know tradition that that the Damon Jones before lent spokesman for Burger King. Willie is in fact features king for the big  Mardi Gras parade . We added that shockingly. In New Orleans he wrote on the main ', 'Happy Fat Tuesday everybody you know tradition that that the Damon Jones before lent begins tomorrow. And Will Ferrell seems to be doing just that enjoying his new role royal status known not to -- the -- spokesman for Burger King. Willie is in fact features king -- for the big Mardi Gras parade . We added that shockingly. In New Orleans he wrote on the main float in the parade talking -- taking in the sights. ', "most about living in New Orleans. Is  Mardi Gras  especially the good food and drinks valued too. Can enjoy the flavors of  Mardi Gras  anywhere you happen to be this carnival that he that it stands dot com. They  Mardi Gras  everybody we've got more. Right after ", "celebrations I'd miss the most about living in New Orleans. Is -- Mardi Gras especially the good food and drinks. So this is under a single near and dear to my heart Tim -- America's chief entertaining officer and author of that's entertaining is here to -- was valued too. Can enjoy the flavors of Mardi Gras anywhere you happen to be this carnival season good morning -- Morning rob corporate and the party brought you about it this ", "recipes on FaceBook page that he that it stands dot com. They Mardi Gras everybody we've got more. Right after -- -- the company elected to deliver. ", "Everett anyway but. God this is actually really interesting and I did not know that our religious content T yeah Ed Smart means  Fat Tuesday  by the way. Apparently it's the start of Ash Wednesday and I also noticed shrugged his that's what aftermarket tomorrow ", "know -- that -- our religious content T yeah Ed Smart means Fat Tuesday by the way. Apparently it's the start of -- Ash Wednesday and I also noticed shrugged his that's what -- aftermarket -- ", "one getting the most buzz is that taco shell made from. Yet Doritos Taco Bell is the six biggest fast food chain right behind Wendy's you can get more news any time an abcnews.com. Thanks for watching happy  Mardi Gras . I'm rob Nelson.", "can get more news any time an abcnews.com. Thanks for watching happy Mardi Gras . I'm rob Nelson. ", "to celebrate  Mardi Gras . People been more. Beef  Fat Tuesday  LJ. Happy  Fat Tuesday  Tristan I think Number five is  Mardi Gras  masks these this year for  Mardi Gras  since Katrina week's hence the  Fat Tuesday . The delicacy ", "the day before Ash Wednesday and that means it's time to celebrate Mardi Gras . People been burning up the web searches to get more details on everything from -- -- places to party. Got -- buzz and your LT but -- and now Los Angeles with more. Beef Fat Tuesday LJ. Happy Fat Tuesday Tristan I think it wouldn't be nearly as fun to say happy skinny Tuesday's -- that it is that like my times. That's right it's time to look up find out what searchers are looking for for Marty Brock. Excitement time of fun and parties. Number five is Mardi Gras masks these are the often feathered interesting looking the tragic comedy masks that people typically Wear on the Mardi Gras floats but spectators Wear them as well. Case number -- the mass I see is everywhere you really see this come out to all throughout Mardi -- what's number four. -- -- -- Number four is Mardi Gras beads these are the could be the get thrown around people's next during Mardi Gras . And that actually they -- be made of glass and very happy they're not annually -- -- -- -- -- -- Quite a mess but they do -- -- specific colors that have meaning it's purple Green and gold. The purple is for justice the Green is for -- in the gold is for power so those in the traditional colors of Mardi Gras and those of the beautiful -- Good to know and -- actually really surprise me tea. Yet need to its Mardi Gras Galveston. And that Galveston Texas which is an island the Gulf of Mexico. Where they have a huge Mardi Gras party -- celebrated around the world as you know but Galveston Texas very popular destination. About 250000. People go there -- two. ", "to number two. Which -- should be sentenced to -- No surprise Mardi Gras in New Orleans New Orleans and Mardi Gras basically synonymous at this points the most famous celebration of Mardi Gras . And actually last year they were thinking of not having it due to the devastating effects of Katrina. But the public rally -- they really want to celebrate express themselves and I think it's a real testament to to the strength and and character people in New Orleans that they thought this is an opportunity -- You know express their feelings about theme show that they were still on their feet and have a good time. Interesting too to see just how many people show up this year for Mardi Gras -- since Katrina was still very real answer very close last year. Yeah. Okay what's number one. Never -- -- -- this is the at this week's hence the Fat Tuesday . The delicacy that people leave during Mardi brides the braided coffee cake it's often I -- -- purple Green and gold. And ", "little. Tidbit there but lucky if you get the plastic baby some Mardi Gras really didn't go international plan. I I think about absolutely. Right thanks so much for the Internet in -- out today and very happy Mardi Gras to you. Thank you you -- enjoy the party. ", "Not just Super Tuesday it's also  Fat Tuesday  better known as  Mardi Gras . Marty got marks the last big party The twelve day carnival celebration is bounced back since Hurricane Katrina with crowds building towards pre storm levels.", "Not just Super Tuesday it's also Fat Tuesday better known as Mardi Gras . Marty got marks the last big party -- The twelve day carnival celebration is bounced back since Hurricane Katrina with crowds building ", 'The political couple reacts to media mobs in N.H., Newt Gingrich attacks Romney.']