["most about living in New Orleans. Is  Mardi Gras  especially the good food and drinks valued too. Can enjoy the flavors of  Mardi Gras  anywhere you happen to be this carnival that he that it stands dot com. They  Mardi Gras  everybody we've got more. Right after ", "celebrations I'd miss the most about living in New Orleans. Is -- Mardi Gras especially the good food and drinks. So this is under a single near and dear to my heart Tim -- America's chief entertaining officer and author of that's entertaining is here to -- was valued too. Can enjoy the flavors of Mardi Gras anywhere you happen to be this carnival season good morning -- Morning rob corporate and the party brought you about it this ", "recipes on FaceBook page that he that it stands dot com. They Mardi Gras everybody we've got more. Right after -- -- the company elected to deliver. ", "Everett anyway but. God this is actually really interesting and I did not know that our religious content T yeah Ed Smart means  Fat Tuesday  by the way. Apparently it's the start of Ash Wednesday and I also noticed shrugged his that's what aftermarket tomorrow ", "know -- that -- our religious content T yeah Ed Smart means Fat Tuesday by the way. Apparently it's the start of -- Ash Wednesday and I also noticed shrugged his that's what -- aftermarket -- ", "one getting the most buzz is that taco shell made from. Yet Doritos Taco Bell is the six biggest fast food chain right behind Wendy's you can get more news any time an abcnews.com. Thanks for watching happy  Mardi Gras . I'm rob Nelson.", "can get more news any time an abcnews.com. Thanks for watching happy Mardi Gras . I'm rob Nelson. ", "to celebrate  Mardi Gras . People been more. Beef  Fat Tuesday  LJ. Happy  Fat Tuesday  Tristan I think Number five is  Mardi Gras  masks these this year for  Mardi Gras  since Katrina week's hence the  Fat Tuesday . The delicacy ", "the day before Ash Wednesday and that means it's time to celebrate Mardi Gras . People been burning up the web searches to get more details on everything from -- -- places to party. Got -- buzz and your LT but -- and now Los Angeles with more. Beef Fat Tuesday LJ. Happy Fat Tuesday Tristan I think it wouldn't be nearly as fun to say happy skinny Tuesday's -- that it is that like my times. That's right it's time to look up find out what searchers are looking for for Marty Brock. Excitement time of fun and parties. Number five is Mardi Gras masks these are the often feathered interesting looking the tragic comedy masks that people typically Wear on the Mardi Gras floats but spectators Wear them as well. Case number -- the mass I see is everywhere you really see this come out to all throughout Mardi -- what's number four. -- -- -- Number four is Mardi Gras beads these are the could be the get thrown around people's next during Mardi Gras . And that actually they -- be made of glass and very happy they're not annually -- -- -- -- -- -- Quite a mess but they do -- -- specific colors that have meaning it's purple Green and gold. The purple is for justice the Green is for -- in the gold is for power so those in the traditional colors of Mardi Gras and those of the beautiful -- Good to know and -- actually really surprise me tea. Yet need to its Mardi Gras Galveston. And that Galveston Texas which is an island the Gulf of Mexico. Where they have a huge Mardi Gras party -- celebrated around the world as you know but Galveston Texas very popular destination. About 250000. People go there -- two. ", "to number two. Which -- should be sentenced to -- No surprise Mardi Gras in New Orleans New Orleans and Mardi Gras basically synonymous at this points the most famous celebration of Mardi Gras . And actually last year they were thinking of not having it due to the devastating effects of Katrina. But the public rally -- they really want to celebrate express themselves and I think it's a real testament to to the strength and and character people in New Orleans that they thought this is an opportunity -- You know express their feelings about theme show that they were still on their feet and have a good time. Interesting too to see just how many people show up this year for Mardi Gras -- since Katrina was still very real answer very close last year. Yeah. Okay what's number one. Never -- -- -- this is the at this week's hence the Fat Tuesday . The delicacy that people leave during Mardi brides the braided coffee cake it's often I -- -- purple Green and gold. And ", "little. Tidbit there but lucky if you get the plastic baby some Mardi Gras really didn't go international plan. I I think about absolutely. Right thanks so much for the Internet in -- out today and very happy Mardi Gras to you. Thank you you -- enjoy the party. ", "Not just Super Tuesday it's also  Fat Tuesday  better known as  Mardi Gras . Marty got marks the last big party The twelve day carnival celebration is bounced back since Hurricane Katrina with crowds building towards pre storm levels.", "Not just Super Tuesday it's also Fat Tuesday better known as Mardi Gras . Marty got marks the last big party -- The twelve day carnival celebration is bounced back since Hurricane Katrina with crowds building ", 'The political couple reacts to media mobs in N.H., Newt Gingrich attacks Romney.', "To New Orleans and its biggest event of the year Marty the city is still trying to recover from Hurricane Katrina which hit nearly a year and a half ago. The annual party is bringing in a lot of needed money to the city but as found out the Big Easy is a long way. From being whole. He's been", "Do why can't everybody welcome into the great term which got to have that some pollutants here today and it's not just but it. It's George's birthday today sectors was this zone 47 Josie it's child is. It's best future. A year ago. Let me ask you about the a little little first it was John your", "Okay. It's not your usual cat show cats from across the country are in Lodi California to show up not just their shiny Also their best fashion statements the jazzy cats Grushow is part of the Lodi great festival. And harvest fair those arson and jazzy outfits indeed.", 'those living and. Suddenly we were back in the real. And this heartbroken This is the real New Orleans to a alone  Mardi Gras Indian . In feathers and following leading the way through that total devastation. The lower ninth. We came here ground ', 'this heartbroken -- This is the real New Orleans to a alone Mardi Gras Indian . In feathers and following -- leading the way through that total devastation. The lower ninth. We came here ground zero to Katrina ', "today's rising searches is  Fat Tuesday . The English translation of  Mardi Gras  and as you probably know Catholic clientele and on  Fat Tuesday  1962. As a replacement for million is every year. Now  Mardi Gras  isn't only about beads ", "-- -- because right near the top of today's rising searches is Fat Tuesday . The English translation of Mardi Gras and as you probably know Marty -- precedes Ash Wednesday the beginning of -- When Christians traditionally give up something of value and choose not to eat meat on Friday. Which brings us to this elderly gentleman 45 years ago little groans. McDonald's franchise had a heavily Roman Catholic clientele and on Fat Tuesday 1962. As a replacement for the McDonald's burgers he unveiled the filet -- fish. It saved his business and almost half a century later McDonald's sells 300 million -- -- is every year. Now Mardi Gras isn't only about beads parades and king cake in England it's known -- drove Tuesday or national pancake day. And in this ", "weekend with the super bowl today and  mardi gras  right around the corner. I want to hear the super bowl and the annal bacanal of  mardi gras . The streets are packed. Emeril. Reporter bowl, folks here, you're wrong.  Mardi gras , literally days away. It's -- who ", "what it's like on this weekend with the super bowl today and mardi gras right around the corner. I want to hear your experience. I shouldn't have said that. Right now we'll talk about the football ", 'city decked for both the super bowl and the annal bacanal of mardi gras . The streets are packed. Emeril. Reporter: But enough about that, I had other priorities. The recipe for what else, coffee and beignets. ', "Think it all ends with the super bowl, folks here, you're wrong. Mardi gras , literally days away. It's -- who are we kidding. Dan harris can ably report it's mardi gras 365 days a year. Who are we kidding. That is true and I can sense josh is angling for a return That ", "is annette. This is her place. Reporter: And robin's friends at the wisdom reception center brought mardy gri brought  mardi gras  to us. The food, the music, the friendship, helping her to feel a sense of normalcy. Welcome to my home. Reporter ", "And robin's friends at the wisdom reception center brought mardy gri brought mardi gras to us. The food, the music, the friendship, helping her to feel a sense of normalcy. Welcome to my home. Reporter: And ", "festivities continue on this. The last day of  Mardi Gras  carnival season as second  Mardi Gras  since August 20 ninth 2005. When Hurricane questions. And joining us from New Orleans this  Fat Tuesday  is ABC's Robin Roberts that and we asked ", "the weekend in the festivities continue on this. The last day of Mardi Gras carnival season as -- second Mardi Gras since August 20 ninth 2005. When Hurricane Katrina viciously ravaged this city. And today it appears to be a city on the -- with most of the 30000 hotel rooms available there bill. Good Morning America has been trapped in -- recovery and has broadcast from the region ten times since the storm hit. Well today they're -- covering this big day of celebration and answering your questions. And joining us from New Orleans this Fat Tuesday is ABC's Robin Roberts that -- and we asked people -- their questions for you and so let's get straight to them. ", "today's rising searches  Fat Tuesday . The English translation of  Mardi Gras  and as you probably know Catholic clientele and on  Fat Tuesday  1962. As a replacement for 300 million is every year.  Mardi Gras  isn't only about beads ", "with Google because right near the top of today's rising searches -- Fat Tuesday . The English translation of Mardi Gras and as you probably know Marty -- precedes Ash Wednesday the beginning of lent. When Christians traditionally give up something of value -- choose not to eat meat on Friday. Which brings us to this elderly gentleman 45 years ago little groans. McDonald's franchise had a heavily Roman Catholic clientele and on Fat Tuesday 1962. As a replacement for the McDonald's burgers he unveiled the filet -- fish. It saved his business and almost half a century later McDonald's sells 300 million -- -- is every year. -- Mardi Gras isn't only about beads parades and king cake in England it's known -- -- Tuesday or national pancake day. And in this ", "claims of a trainer who says he injected him with steroids a number of times.  Mardi Gras  parades will be rolling through the streets of New Orleans today it is  Fat Tuesday  after all. There will be of bead tossing and other festivities. Here's ", "trainer who says he injected him with steroids a number of times. Mardi Gras parades will be rolling through the streets of New Orleans today it is Fat Tuesday after all. There will be -- of bead tossing and other festivities. Here's Jonathan Karl with the rest of the world news ", "synagogues. We move now collaboration with Google among today's top writing searches is  Fat Tuesday . Or commonly known in this country as  Mardi Gras  and most associated with the city of New Orleans. Today is the day before the beginning of ", "now -- -- collaboration with Google among today's top writing searches is Fat Tuesday . Or commonly known in this country as Mardi Gras and most associated with the city of New Orleans. Today is the day before the beginning of -- -- today too well "]