["federal holidays. The list of celebrations over the past 73 days included: - Christmas - Kwanzaa - New Year's Day -  Martin Luther King Jr .  Day  - Chinese New Year - Valentine's Day - President's Day Award Ceremonies Hollywood's awards season kicked off in ", 'would pay during holiday periods." He advises skiers to avoid not only Christmas week but also the Presidents Day and  Martin Luther King Day  weekends. 5. Beg, borrow or "steal" equipment If you are a first-time skier, you won\'t have all the equipment ', 'Tuesday morning to accept the second major endorsement of his campaign." ... The second statement commemorated Dr.  Martin Luther King ,  Jr .  Day . http://abcn.ws/WRxsUu PHOTO: OBAMA AND MICHELLE\'S FIRST (SECOND INAUGURAL) DANCE. http://abcn ', "The campaign did not provide information about who will be endorsing him.) The second statement commemorated Dr.  Martin Luther King ,  Jr .  Day . Christie, who praised President Obama's efforts in the wake of Hurricane Sandy, which devastated portions of coastal ", "long been on the wish lists of his supporters. Obama, the nation's first black president, delivered his address on  Martin Luther King ,  Jr .  Day  and drew strong parallels between the civil rights battles of King's generation to the social issues facing today ", 'historically black church in Washington, D.C. on  Martin Luther King ,  Jr .  Day  weekend, ABC\'s Ann Compton reports. PHOTO: http John Boehner issued the following statement in honor of  Martin Luther King ,  Jr .  Day : "Rev. Martin Luther King, Jr. showed how much ', 'helping visitors with tasks like purchasing a fare card or going through the turnstile, Stewart said. Typically,  Martin Luther King Jr .  Day  would be a holiday for Metro employees, "but obviously I can\'t remember any time an Inauguration was a day off for ', 'King, Jr. Memorial has opened on the National Mall. It will be open on Inauguration Day, which happens to fall on  Martin Luther King ,  Jr .  Day . Destination D.C. is hosting a live Facebook chat on Tuesday at noon ET for visitors to get real-time advice on ', "exercise their Second Amendment rights on Saturday, Jan. 19, two days before President Obama's inauguration and  Martin Luther King ,  Jr .  Day . Ward has set up a website, GunAppreciationDay.com , and he's collected an odd mishmash of sponsors, who've ", "sitting in the front row in the courtroom and is expected to testify, the Boston Globe reports. She may testify after  Martin Luther King Jr .  Day , Cornwell's publicist said. She's suing for negligent performance of professional services, breach of fiduciary ", 'keep people down." The comments are part of a 29-minute speech Obama gave at the University of Chicago\'s 2002  Martin Luther King Jr .  Day  celebration. Key Quotes: "I don\'t know if you\'ve noticed, but rich people are all for nonviolence. Why wouldn\'t ', 'For instance, after the biography of President Reagan it now reads: "Did you know? "President Reagan designated  Martin Luther King Jr .  Day  a national holiday ; today the Obama Administration honors this tradition , with the First and Second Families participating ', "sermons and speeches. Wright was in Washington, D.C., last month to give a sermon at Howard University to honor  Martin Luther King Jr .  Day . During the sermon, Wright's plea that worshipers plow forward through tough times seemed to echo the calls of his ", "country is and where he broadly wants to go. And he'll try to keep it short. Donna, special resonance, that this is  martin luther king day . One of the bibles he'll use is martin luther king's bible. It's his dream, the vision he had for this country ", "he'll try to keep it short. Donna, special resonance, that this is martin luther king day . One of the bibles he'll use is martin luther king's bible. It's his dream, the vision he had for this country, of ", "thoughts. Four years later how goes your fight that you committed yourselves to back in those days what is the state on  Martin Luther king day  of of racial relations in America job. It's an ongoing struggle but the fact that Obama could be elected again. Shows ", "to back in those days what is the state -- -- on Martin Luther king day of of racial relations in America job. It's an ongoing struggle but the fact that Obama could be elected again. Shows that ", "Happy Michael king day that's right.  Martin Luther King Day  is named for a man who was born neither Martin nor Luther. I'm Kenneth C Davis. And that might not be the only thing you don't ", "Happy Michael king day that's right. Martin Luther King Day is named for a man who was born neither Martin nor Luther. I'm Kenneth C Davis. And that might not be the ", 'All right this weekend the UN foundation girl up campaign is hosting a rally in DC to honor and  Martin Luther King Day  and celebrities are pitching in to raise awareness on this girl power movement. We are so happy to have photographer and judge ', 'is hosting a rally in DC to honor -- and -- -- Martin Luther King Day and celebrities are pitching in to raise awareness on this girl power movement. We are so happy to have photographer and judge ', "but what do you lose money money talks remember went  Martin Luther King Day  they'd sit and I understand that but here's my question Remember in Arizona when they voted against having  Martin Luther King Day . And there was a at the place they weren't gonna have ", "-- but what do you lose money money talks -- remember went Martin Luther King Day they'd sit and I understand that but here's my question. Who gets hurt and that's when you -- mean the black I ", "on -- it was. Remember in Arizona when they voted against having Martin Luther King Day . And there was a -- at the place they weren't gonna have the super ball and they we -- they rescinded that ", "contribution to the nation's development George Washington Abraham Lincoln. And Martin Luther king and every year  Martin Luther King Day  provides the country with a chance to concentrate not only in his life. But on his legacy so today from the smallest ", 'development George Washington Abraham Lincoln. And Martin Luther king and every year Martin Luther King Day provides the country with a chance to concentrate not only in his life. But on his legacy so today from the smallest ', "via Twitter twitter.com slash note. We've been touched all day long and John what is your first top line on this  Martin Luther King Day . Mass panic now that Democrats are in such disarray in Massachusetts. That it has become amazingly the conventional ", 'day long and John what is your first top line on this Martin Luther King Day . Mass panic now that Democrats are in such disarray in Massachusetts. That it has become amazingly the conventional wisdom. Rick it now ']