['One man pulled over his girlfriend in a fake arrest only to surprise her with a marriage proposal.', 'A woman in Australia was too busy to notice her boyfriend on bended knee trying to propose.', "picture None of this is that heading up north Canadian man I have his girlfriend arrested told that this is all part of  marriage proposal . Right now You take everywhere. She said yes I'd say now and smack in the face the you have said you'll like them ", "girlfriend arrested told that this is all part of -- -- -- marriage proposal . -- -- -- -- -- Right now -- You take -- everywhere. She said yes I'd say now and smack in the ", 'David Cariddo wrote his  marriage proposal  to Jennifer Clarke on the field of the Rose Bowl.', "personal note there of the people that you've spoken with on the floor of City Hall. Have you heard of any  marriage proposals  have you heard of any plans based on these two major announcements because as pointed out there is now going to ", "sex couples who can legally in the US. I am now officially renounced do legally married. And that means more  marriage proposals . Like this once. contest. But of course not everyone agrees. We. Just don't believe that marriage can be ", "am now officially renounced do -- legally married. And that means more marriage proposals . Like this once. -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- contest. But of course not everyone agrees. We. Just don't believe ", 'An anchorwoman in Alabama reads her script, which turns out to be a  marriage proposal .', "there. It is essence magazine's third annual will you marry me contest that charge men with pending a love letter and a  marriage proposal . The five you see here made it to the finals the winners will get lovely dream wedding and that's here's some. Of ", "me contest that charge men with pending a love letter and a marriage proposal . The five -- you see here made it to the finals the winners will get -- lovely dream wedding and that's here's ", "ago and have been best friends ever since. He constraint may already But what she thought was a make over was really a  marriage proposal  set up by the magazine. Can't believe. Eight. Tragedy brought together our next couple Albert and life. That we met ", "-- But what she thought was a make over was really a marriage proposal set up by the magazine. -- Can't believe. Eight. Tragedy brought together our next couple Albert and -- life. That we met ", 'surprised to find their men on the pages of assets. But the bigger shock came when they realized they were reading their own  marriage proposal  in the magazine. crazy and you would keep them from the moment I first. I just think. This would necessarily be the ', 'the bigger shock came when they realized they were reading their own marriage proposal in the magazine. -- crazy and you would keep them from the moment I first. I just think. This would necessarily be ', 'Josh and Paula chat with a couple whose scuba trip turned into an underwater  marriage proposal .', 'Dozens of motorcyclists shut down a Los Angeles freeway for the  marriage proposal .', 'Story behind the story and talk about all morning and  marriage proposal  accidentally. Caught on camera by a local TV news check out this live report. For Kansas City affiliate KN BC. If you do a live ', 'Story behind the story and talk about all morning and marriage proposal accidentally. Caught on camera by a local TV news -- check out this live report. For -- Kansas City affiliate KN BC. ']