['Jennifer Gabrielli, 24, of California delivered her toast to the tune of Eminem\'s "Without Me."', "we'll be standing by Kate Middleton silence him as Prince William. Have a Middleton of younger sister best friend and  maid of honor  for the future princess. Between seven year old beauty is also is nick discovered Britain's most eligible bachelorette ", "as Prince William. Have a Middleton of younger sister best friend and maid of honor for the future princess. Between seven year old beauty is also is nick -- discovered Britain's most eligible bachelorette. But -- you ", 'the dress alone consent to back several thousand dollars. And the we that was actually thinking about having a bake sale to pay for her wedding but she got creative and not a whole lot more. Kelly Gray has been dreaming about her wedding long before she ever gotten here tomorrow you wanna be', "the same. I love that. All right, so stacy is asking if olivia ever married who would they choose as best man and  maid of honor ? That's a great question. I love it. Hey, guys, we have so much more. Don't go away, we have more answers ", "if olivia ever married who would they choose as best man and maid of honor ? That's a great question. I love it. Hey, guys, we have so much more. Don't go away, we have more answers and ", "pinterest. I have. We pulled it down to four styles. Terry, tell us about these styles for melissa. And is your  maid of honor  going to come and help you, maybe? Come on, beautiful. Josh, stacy is with you. We're not going to make you ", "styles. Terry, tell us about these styles for melissa. And is your maid of honor going to come and help you, maybe? Come on, beautiful. Josh, stacy is with you. We're not going to make you choose ", "town. Now we're getting a look into her new found fame. Reporter: For the first time, the world's most famous  maid of honor  is opening up about the ups and downs of fame. In an excerpt from her new party-planning book celebrating a year ", "new found fame. Reporter: For the first time, the world's most famous maid of honor is opening up about the ups and downs of fame. In an excerpt from her new party-planning book celebrating a year of ", "george. Sharon's wonderful. Lexie's getting married at the end of the month. And yeardley would have been her  maid of honor . And sharon's husband and yeardley and lexie's dad, john, died of prostate cancer in 2003. They called themselves ", "at the end of the month. And yeardley would have been her maid of honor . And sharon's husband and yeardley and lexie's dad, john, died of prostate cancer in 2003. They called themselves the three muss ket ", "you know I don't. Civilians. And splashing returns. it's like news events. And yeah I love you we tell our  maid of honor  to leave and now our groove in this the Carl But you're to Not the area. I want to do. It's. Making its popular ", "like news events. And -- yeah I love you we tell our maid of honor to leave and now our groove in this the -- Carl -- But you're -- to -- -- Not the area. I ", "London's best kept secret. Let all change on April 20 ninth when cameras got hold of the backside of a stunning  maid of honor  carrying a future queens train. That's not everyone's mind at that moment that girl well TLC is hoping hoping ", "20 ninth when cameras got hold of the backside of a stunning maid of honor carrying a future queens train. That's not everyone's mind at that moment that girl well -- TLC is hoping hoping to answer ", 'Her younger siblings so prominent on the campaign trail years ago. Will be in the wedding her sister will be her  maid of honor  and her brother Jack amusement. Elizabeth Edwards died this past December but before her passing she helped Kate now ', 'ago. Will be in the wedding her sister -- will be her maid of honor and her brother Jack amusement. Elizabeth Edwards died this past December but before her passing she helped Kate -- now the special ', "the sellers of these things say their phone started ringing off the hook. All because of the world's most famous  maid of honor . It's right up there with the greatest assets in history part. So move tiny as much attention as the royal wedding ", "started ringing off the hook. All because of the world's most famous maid of honor . It's right up there with the greatest assets in history -- part. So move -- -- tiny -- as much attention as ", "Tomorrow on Good Morning America she's the royal  maid of honor  Kate Middleton little sister and tomorrow. Good morning America's in London with all the books on the sister of a princess to be the royal on Good Morning America on ABC.", "Tomorrow on Good Morning America she's the royal maid of honor Kate Middleton little sister -- and tomorrow. Good morning America's in London with all the books on the sister of a princess ", 'numbers and it. I my brain do you enjoy. Like any we start a bride. And a group. We also have a best man. We have a  maid of honor  that Harry and siblings nothing controversial there we have four bridesmaids we have to page boys but. Get this we ', 'And a group. We also have a best man. We have a maid of honor that Harry and -- siblings nothing controversial there we have four bridesmaids we have to page boys but. Get this we have ', "would have my at and lesson from my theory. He may not have a fairy godmother but on her wedding day she will have a  maid of honor  her sister at the Middleton by herself. But perhaps Disney's princess Aurora had the most important the It's a ", "a fairy godmother but on her wedding day she will have a maid of honor her sister at the Middleton by herself. But perhaps Disney's princess Aurora had the most important -- the -- It's a princess ", "same for the only they didn't comedy apologized and united which and they came out of where you. Well we stars as  maid of honor  to admire Rudolph's the group's character a single seeing her life spiral out of control. And driven to ever more ", "which and they came out of where you. Well we stars as maid of honor to admire Rudolph's the group's character a -- single seeing her life spiral out of control. And driven to ever more inappropriate. ", "Kristen Who also co wrote the film along with an ensemble cast of hilarious women. character Anthony is asked to be the  maid of honor  at her best friend's wedding. Annie is excited to take on the role until all hell breaks with it. And we're so ", "cast of hilarious women. -- character Anthony is asked to be the maid of honor at her best friend's wedding. Annie is excited to take on the role until all hell breaks -- with it. And we're ", "retails for nineteen dollars and it's really something that you want to get. For yourself but also at Europe if your  maid of honor  this is something want to think about to get what your friend on her special bank does it make the deals conflict comparable ", 'you want to get. For yourself but also at Europe if your maid of honor this is something want to think about to get what your friend on her special bank does it make the deals -- ', "jurors. We set up our actors and hidden cameras that the Hoboken gourmet cafe. She's dressing down messing up your  maid of honor . And putting flying glass is on herself but she conceived. This guy clearly is and very fine but just. Thank you ", "Hoboken gourmet cafe. She's dressing down messing up your -- -- -- maid of honor . And putting flying glass is on herself but she conceived. This guy clearly -- -- is -- and very fine but -- ", "my little clip. From the movie okay good. And the  maid of honor  and she was here Kristen Bell she will what you're she all you want to read I'd do it. But she's the  maid of honor  and you guys have a little bit of a wrenching conversation ", "interview with my little clip. From the movie okay good. And the maid of honor and she was here Kristen Bell she will -- what you're saying great things about you Josh she didn't mean any -- knows she did it was right after they today. Not the sacks that was right at the Golden Globe she all you want to read I'd do it. But she's the maid of honor and you guys have a little bit of a wrenching conversation here follow her period when in Rome. I didn't. -- -- ", "She's pulling the very comedic  maid of honor  where she asked her best friend it's just the other day to be the  maid of honor  in her wedding it's too late life. You ask the guy to be your  maid of honor  all I did I really did my my best ", "starred in dramatic movies and now. She's pulling -- the very comedic maid of honor where she asked her best friend played by. Patrick Dempsey tough job of them who came to -- it's just the other day to be the maid of honor in her wedding it's too late to meet you so so incredibly. Things -- they fear -- -- singing your praises but wasn't it felt good on him. I cannot believe this -- -- in real life. You ask the guy to be your maid of honor -- -- all I did I really did my my best friend at fifteen years. Stood by my side. He -- a ", 'I expect. To be your best -- time. What you keep my maid of honor . -- made of the longer. It hit the second time He took out that. That -- way it seemed -- He had ']