['contacted by the leaker. But if he were representing Snowden, Zaid said, "I\'d tell him to shut up" and accept the  marriage proposal  from Russian spy Anna Chapman. On July 3, the attractive redhead who was swept up with nine other sleeper agents and deported ', 'They say all good things come to those who wait. And for Adrian Gardiner, 37, from Healesville, Australia, that certainly proved true as he was left on bended knee attempting to propose for nearly two minutes before his girlfriend, Libbi Taite, 31, even noticed he...', "member of the Cherokee Nation, Brown had never met his daughter and, after the girl's non-Indian mother rebuffed his  marriage proposal , played no role during the pregnancy and paid no child support after the girl was born. But when Brown found out Veronica ", 'it," he said. The resort\'s general manager says that guests\' special requests tend to center more around  marriage proposals  than funny whims like Wray\'s, but that the hotel staff are happy to fulfill them all. "We want the staff ', 'fiancee\'s daughters was a first in the 11 years the aquarium has been hosting its dive shows. "We\'ve done a lot of  marriage proposals  and even did a wedding underwater one time, but this was so incredibly special," said Jennifer Meeks, the ', 'When Adam Leisle decided he was going to propose to his girlfriend of five years, he knew he wanted to do something that went above and beyond the average popping-the-question protocol. So he booked a JetBlue flight for June 19 from San Francisco to Long...', 'She gave him her kidney, then he asked for her heart. Just months after Taesha Benson donated one her kidneys to her boyfriend, Travis Spire-Sweet, their touching story earned them a chance to throw out the first pitch a Kansas City Royals game. But Spire-Sweet...', 'Germany had re-posted it not knowing who I was. People were just posting it trying to find me." ALSO READ: Man\'s  Marriage Proposal , Plowed into a Field, Has 150-Yard-Tall Typo Once Egbert realized how much effort Parker had gone through to get ', 'was like, \'What is going on?\' Then he walked over to the poodle and they handed him the ring." RELATED: Man\'s  Marriage Proposal , Plowed Into a Field, Has 150-Yard-Tall Typo It was there, in the middle of the mud pit portion of the race, Keefer ', "in jail not tears of joy don't have it she was crying and patrol car the officer offered her plea bargain. Agree to a  marriage proposal  in the letter go that. She happily agree before have been pummeling her coffee shops The you know so to sum up some You ", 'and patrol car the officer offered her plea bargain. Agree to a marriage proposal in the letter go -- that. She happily agree before have been pummeling her coffee shops -- -- The you know so ', 'A woman in Australia was too busy to notice her boyfriend on bended knee trying to propose.', "picture None of this is that heading up north Canadian man I have his girlfriend arrested told that this is all part of  marriage proposal . Right now You take everywhere. She said yes I'd say now and smack in the face the you have said you'll like them ", "girlfriend arrested told that this is all part of -- -- -- marriage proposal . -- -- -- -- -- Right now -- You take -- everywhere. She said yes I'd say now and smack in the ", 'David Cariddo wrote his  marriage proposal  to Jennifer Clarke on the field of the Rose Bowl.', "personal note there of the people that you've spoken with on the floor of City Hall. Have you heard of any  marriage proposals  have you heard of any plans based on these two major announcements because as pointed out there is now going to ", "sex couples who can legally in the US. I am now officially renounced do legally married. And that means more  marriage proposals . Like this once. contest. But of course not everyone agrees. We. Just don't believe that marriage can be ", "am now officially renounced do -- legally married. And that means more marriage proposals . Like this once. -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- contest. But of course not everyone agrees. We. Just don't believe ", 'An anchorwoman in Alabama reads her script, which turns out to be a  marriage proposal .']