['Skip to main content: Latino/SBC/Fox Business (Home/Slideshow/Interactive: Fox News/SBC/Latino/Fox Business)', 'Skip to main content: Fox News/Fox Business (Article Page: Fox News/SBC/Latino/Fox Business)', 'Charlie Anaya, of Phoenix, prays during the worship service at Iglesia Palabra de Vida April 9, 2006 in Mesa, Arizona. There are approximately 300 evangelical Hispanic churches with 15,000 members in the Phoenix area that have been instrumental in organizing for immigrants rights.2006 Getty Images', 'The leader of a national Latino evangelical organization says non-Latino faith leaders must make a greater effort to push for comprehensive immigration reform.', 'But Republicans in the House, where they hold a majority, are divided over how to handle immigration reform. The more conservative members are firmly against giving undocumented immigrants a chance to legalize, viewing that as amnesty, or a reward for law-breakers.', 'Many political experts say that some of these conservative lawmakers may be swayed by faith leaders and their congregants from their congressional districts. This is where, they say, evangelical leaders could wield significant influence.', 'On Wednesday, hundreds of evangelical leaders plan to converge in Washington D.C. to hold a prayer for immigration reform, and to meet with members of Congress to urge them to pass a measure this year.', 'Roughly 25 percent of Americans are evangelicals; that includes some 20 percent of Latinos. Many non-Latino evangelicals are in some of most conservative congressional districts.', 'Non-Latino evangelical leaders say they are working to push for immigration reform.', 'Rivera said evangelical leaders have proven how vocal and forceful they can be on issues of abortion and same-sex marriage.', '"They were very, very aggressive and persistent in the anti-abortion movement," he said. "So they do it when they feel very committed to an issue."', 'Carey said that many pastors and parishioners of evangelical churches have become more sympathetic to the aspect of immigration reform that calls for giving undocumented immigrants a chance to legalize. That is because, he said, immigrants increasingly are joining evangelical churches.', '"My wife\'s family is from Mexico," Carey said. "And I have two sisters who are married to immigrants."', 'Evangelicals are also seen as a crucial voting bloc by prospective national candidates.', 'On Friday, for instance, U.S. Sen. Ted Cruz, a Texas Republican, and Sen. Rand Paul, a Kentucky Republican and the son of former 2012 presidential candidate, Texas Rep. Ron Paul, traveled to Iowa to court evangelical pastors.', 'Cruz, who supports a hard-line on immigration and does not support a path to legal status for the undocumented, spoke about the importance of evangelicals in the electorate process.', '"Pastors in Iowa and across the country are critical leaders, and pastors have a responsibility to speak up for their convictions," Cruz said after the speech, according to the Associated Press. "I am honored to have the opportunity to visit with pastors who are speaking the truth about the enormous challenges this nation faces."', 'Paul, who is also against a pathway to citizenship for the undocumented, echoed Cruz at the event, according to the AP.', 'VIDEO Spain Train Crash: Conductor Traveled Twice The Speed Limit, Killing At Least 80', 'Trayvon Martin: Confusion over Zimmerman Highlights Changing Discourse on Race and Latinos', "\t\tSteve Nash's Ex Scores Victory In Child Support War -- But The Real Battle Roars On ... ", "Shakira shows off amazing bikini body just 6 months after Milan and I'm so jealous!"]