['expose one of the already secretive Amish community\'s most tightly kept secrets as Lebanon Levi leads a powerful team of  Mennonite  "mafia." The gang is part "Law and Order," part "The Sopranos," and have been charged with resolving disputes in ', "blackberryfarm.com Rocky Acre Farm Bed and Breakfast Mount Joy, Pa. This historic property in Lancaster County has been run by a  Mennonite  family since 1965, although it has been around for two centuries, and once was a stop on the Underground Railroad. Now it's ", 'An Amish  Mennonite  pastor charged with helping a woman kidnap her daughter from her lesbian filed by the FBI in a federal court in Vermont alleges that the Amish  Mennonite  pastor aided in the "international parental kidnapping" of Isabella ', "scene, in Blaine, a rural  Mennonite  community in Pennsylvania the Clouses' Amish and  Mennonite  neighbors turned up today Although they live in a  Mennonite  community, the Clouses are not  Mennonites  and so they do have electricity ", 'MMA Praxis Assets Under Management: $610 million Five-Year Average Annualized Return: 2 percent Profile: Part of the  Mennonite  Church USA, MMA invests according to Anabaptist principles. It focuses on the sanctity of life and human rights, and avoids ', 'Free Speech or Support for Terrorists? Supreme Court Weighs Key Patriot Act Provision', 'individual who could potentially be connected to government-designated terrorist groups . Lisa Schrich, a professor at Eastern  Mennonite  University, has just returned from Afghanistan, where she, too, felt hamstrung in her efforts to work toward a nonviolent ', 'Draw Curious Readers Woodsmall was inspired to write about the Amish after growing up with a best friend who was an Amish  Mennonite . During the years, she has earned the community\'s trust. "I have some really good [conservative] Amish friends who ', 'de-bark" their dogs. "The farmers, the Amish and the  Mennonites , they pull the heads back and then they hammer sharp instruments income for them." Ezekiel -- not his real name -- is a  Mennonite  farmer in Pennsylvania. He agreed to speak to "Nightline ', 'subject. I can\'t imagine how it would change." His mother Arlene, wearing her hair in a bun covered by the traditional  Mennonite  bonnet, watched quietly from the front row as her son testified. Earlier in the day, she stopped by the press room and ', 'available that adhere to the Baptist, Lutheran, Presbyterian,  Mennonite  and evangelical branches of Protestantism. The largest group pornography business. The MMA Praxis funds invest according to  Mennonite  beliefs, and focus on promoting causes like AIDS prevention ', 'returned from Saipan after World War II and took a position at the First National Bank of Landisville. In the heart of Amish and  Mennonite  farmland in southeastern Pennsylvania, it was as small-town as it sounds. Dad looked upon his job as a service to the people ', 'the country within minutes. "It\'s just news about Amish and  Mennonites , it\'s not national news -- it\'s just in our language and news of happenings among Amish and  Mennonite  people," John said. "Somebody dies, somebody gets married ', 'protection system they want. They\'re scared, they\'re paranoid, they\'re fearful." \'God Is With Us\' Blossom Hill  Mennonite  Church Pastor Jane Peifer said she is counseling congregants and community members who seek her guidance to find strength ', 'Reporter: "Breaking amish" follows four amish and one  mennonite , as they trade the fields for the skyscrapers of the big for the first time, break out from their respective amish/ mennonite  communities. It\'s like a telegram just came through. Reporter ', 'to drive a car. Reporter: "Breaking amish" follows four amish and one mennonite , as they trade the fields for the skyscrapers of the big apple. The show, quote, provides a never-before-seen look at the lives of young men and women, as they, for the first time, break out from their respective amish/ mennonite communities. It\'s like a telegram just came through. Reporter: "Breaking amish" is breaking through in the ratings game, as well. Averaging 3 ', 'secrets is about to be exploezed in "amish mafia." I make sure the peace is being kept. Reporter: He leads a powerful teamf  mennonite  made men. They solve disputes, dish out justice. Are you here to arrest me? Reporter: And inforcing the laws of lancaster ', "sure the peace is being kept. Reporter: He leads a powerful teamf mennonite made men. They solve disputes, dish out justice. Are you here to arrest me? Reporter: And inforcing the laws of lancaster, pennsylvania's, ", "of me by the grace of god my mom got her life together she just found in mentor. And the man invested in me took it took  mennonites  wing and taught me how to be announced nor. That's and and certainly the circumstances have changed dramatically for you ", "found in mentor. And the man invested in me took it took mennonites wing and taught me how to be announced nor. That's and and certainly the circumstances have changed dramatically for you since then ", "run errands themselves. Aren't going anywhere now without their parents. And one man who drives people in the Amish and  mennonite  communities to stores is changing how he's doing things to. Take more precaution and uninsured but I have young people ", "their parents. And one man who drives people in the Amish and mennonite communities to stores is changing how he's doing things to. Take more precaution and uninsured but I have young people with damaged ", "club that's Not until He finally leaves someone comes to dividends. Excitement. Loses like it. Ever distance education  mennonite  why isn't so. and how much are yeah. I'm. I appreciate it. Kelly this me greeting message out runners And you know ", "comes to -- dividends. Excitement. Loses -- like it. Ever distance education mennonite why isn't so. -- -- and how much are yeah. I'm. -- -- I appreciate it. -- -- -- Kelly this -- ", "devastating fire. He says what makes it more devastating is knowing that those seven children died in the house in rural  mennonite  community in Pennsylvania. About twenty miles outside Harrisburg. Investigators believe the fire broke out after 10 o'clock ", "knowing that those seven children died in the -- house in rural mennonite community in Pennsylvania. About twenty miles outside Harrisburg. Investigators believe the fire broke out after 10 o'clock at night about fifteen minutes ", "house. At that time the fire department was already residents was fully involved. Firefighters battled the blaze in this  mennonite  community in rural Pennsylvania. But they couldn't save the seven children who died of smoke inhalation their ages range ", "-- -- residents was fully involved. Firefighters battled the blaze in this mennonite community in rural Pennsylvania. But they couldn't save the seven children who died of smoke inhalation their ages range from seven months "]