['strict rules of their  church . There\'s a reason group of the mainstream  mormon church  that practices polygamy called the fundamentalist  latter day saints  or "flds." On the it. And just and the  church  and everything is just ', "secret party is their only escape from the strict rules of their church . There's a reason the young boys go out at night and the young girls go to those parties. It's because they can ", 'Willy was once part of a radical splinter group of the mainstream mormon church that practices polygamy. It\'s called the fundamentalist latter day saints or "flds." On the surface, life seems almost normal. Boys roughhousing along a dusty trail, children cooling off on a hot summer ', 'top of you but you can\'t hold it. And just and the church and everything is just feeding that wall with weight. Reporter: He escaped with the help of a group called "holding out help" ', "rather his  Mormon  faith. He ago at the  church  of  latter day saints  Manhattan focused here  Mormon  do you people think of  Mormon  isn't there misconceptions about  mormonism . Because popular but the  church  is growing first black  Mormon  drafted into go 12 year  mission  that would ", "He credits his -- with keeping him grounded and focused here -- Mormon do you people think that's where. Did they do. -- -- think of Mormon isn't there will look at a white there. But this world why do you find yourself having to explain. Your religion and a lot to people what I do. Many people think that mormons make don't -- And I got better -- a question a long time ago. Why do you think there are so many misconceptions about mormonism . Because it is not very popular but the church is growing and so many ways and is growing broker with -- Trying to change its image. -- of the six point two million mormons in America only 3% are African Americans. If -- ends up in the NBA he would be the first black Mormon drafted into the leak. But before that can happen when. -- a million dollar question at nineteen mormons are expected to go 12 year mission that would be right at the moon safari is comfortable to him. Draft and -- potentially huge contract. So what has Jabari didn't. His parents -- We have -- fact safari to decide for himself. What -- think will happen. We've encouraged him to you know be a good person. And that's all we can hope for Jeff Benedict who also happens to be a Mormon -- wrote the profile of -- For Sports Illustrated there is pressure it's it's not that the church puts pressure on you to do it. It's just so there's an expectation. That -- young men in the Mormon Church should ago and certainly he feels that. And so there's a bit of a -- me. There's no guarantee you'll have is much pain if he decides to going to hear mission . The tonight. He's sidelined temporarily. To pursue something that for him. Is even bigger -- fast he. He seems almost too good ", "The first  mormon  nominee for moment for the  mormon  faith, which members of the  mormon  faith are and I'm a  mormon . Reporter is why the  church of jesus christ of latter day saints  launched of anti- mormonism , still inside a  mormon temple . And, I ", 'candidate on a major ticket, and next week, another breakthrough. The first mormon nominee for president. A profound and historic moment for the mormon faith, which is still a mystery to a lot of people. So, tonight, dan harris begins a two-part series, answering questions about this uniquely american religion. Reporter: With their imposing temples, where secret rituals are performed, rituals so sacred that nonmormons cannot enter. And with their all male leadership believed to have a direct line to god, members of the mormon faith are keenly aware that they are sometimes seen as a source of mystery and suspicion. I\'m a skateborder, and I\'m a mormon . Reporter: Which, in part is why the church of jesus christ of latter day saints launched this public relations campaign with the message "we\'re your neighbors." I\'m a mormon . I\'m a mormon . Reporter: While mormons, who make up just 1.7% of our population, roughly equal to jews and double that of muslims and buddhists, are trying to be more open, america\'s best-known mormon , whonce held one of the highest positions in the church -- has talked about his faith but rarely used the word mormon . I\'m not running for pastor in chief. I\'m running for commander in chief. Next question. Reporter: So, given all the mystery and misconceptions, what is it that mormons say they believe? Here are answers to three common questions. First, why so much secrecy? It is rooted in a painful past, according to professor j. Spencer fluhman, a practicing mormon and author of the upcoming book "a peculiar people." I don\'t think it can be seen apart from a very bitter history of anti- mormonism , still, they carry it with them. Reporter: In the early days of the church , the mormons were violently driven from state to state. And their founding prophet joseph smith was murdered by an angry mob. What do they believe? In the mormon faith, the bible is considered the word of god. B but mormons also believe god added three books from joseph smith. It happened when smith was a young man in upstate new york. He claimed an angel lead him to a nearby hill where he dug up a pair of golden plates from which he translated the book of mormon . Mormons like professor robert millet are well aware that adding onto the bible in this way can be very controversial. Latter day saints love and adore the bible. But we\'ve announced it is not the end of the prophets. God still speaks. Reporter: And finally, what about jesus? Mormons believe that when jesus, the son of god returns, he will first go to jerusalem and then to missouri, where he will establish his kingdom on earth. For mormons, america plays a special role. Every summer, in fact, hundreds of the faithful act out the story of the book of mormon , which says a tribe of ancient israelites came to america thousands of years ago and were later visited by jesus after the resurrection. Mormons think they have a distinctive message they always thought that. But at the same time, the proximity to rational christianity is clear and obvious. So, mormons have a complicated relationship with traditional christianity I think is an easy to say it. Reporter: Tomorrow night we\'ll answer some common questions about mormon culture like polygamy, which was banned by the church in 1890. And we\'ll show you what I saw on a rare tour inside a mormon temple . And, I can\'t wait for tomorrow night. Bum we were talki iing today, because people do know that most mormons don\'t drink ', "The  Mormon  faith has a why the halt  Mormon  muffins calendar more The whole  Mormon  muffins 2010 active in the  church . But I'm would go to  church  every week Within the  Mormon  DS could yet problem is the  LDS church  is pretty instance. At  Brigham Young  University Do you the  Mormon Church  acute called men on a  mission  but again ", "-- February is the mother of three. I -- active in the church . But I'm also a model healthy and that and and I kind of believe that it's okay -- feel sexy. Charlie was the -- roller skates her son to school. Lisa would go to church every week we're comfortable -- confident. We're okay with god we're okay with ourselves and that you're thinking ahead of yourself you can be sexy and you can be -- What are you selling here. I'm actually selling -- statement. The calendars were designed to you actually -- down stereotypes. Within the Mormon -- DS could yet you keep -- buttons and the calendar also provides a separate muffin recipe for every month. But the muffins aren't the problem. The problem is the LDS church is pretty clear when it comes to how -- members dress. In an official pamphlet that church instructs prophets of god have always counseled his children to dress modestly. It continues in modest clothing includes short shorts skirts tight clothing shirts they do not cover the stomach and other revealing attire. And what's really interest staying about. The guidelines that they set for all church members say don't necessarily enforce with -- church members for instance. At Brigham Young University. The cheerleaders Wear very short skirts. They Wear you know. Clothes that are no more revealing than others and that's okay. -- -- Marie Osmond on Dancing With The Stars is a very devout Mormon . Wearing costumes that are completely against. The you know the moral conduct of modesty. My calendars yet they push the line the guys -- -- the girls are wearing costumes but it's. It's not overtly provocative. I think it's a summit can be provocative. But I I look that is being kind of now the -- Do you -- the Mormon Church -- acute do you think the officials the officials -- -- think it's cute. Obviously not. You know they came last year and asked me to stop production. The 2009 calendar when we -- right in the middle of it. The 2009 calendar was a little different it was all guys it was called men on a mission but again. Modesty is not the first word that comes to mind. I thought you know what a great way to show these people that. These guys that go to your door are just regular guys doing their service for the church . And they're human and normal and they have desires like you -- nine. And I -- why don't we. Kind of expose them. No pun intended. Is -- as being normal. Party who runs a team building company in Las Vegas -- day job. One as a lifelong Mormon I believed -- that type I felt like my obedience to the church is what was going to bring meaning. The most happiness day in this life and the next a lifelong Mormon until last year when church officials called him in for a hearing. After they deliberated for about 45 minutes -- decided. That the best decision was for me to be excommunicated. You could have been surprised -- I was surprised. I didn't think that the church was so concerned about. -- image as opposed to saving souls and allowing people to express themselves and and to find themselves as an individual what you said your project is trying to make a statement. That is deliberately tried to question. Some of the tenants of the church right not necessarily. On the project is not designed to question the beliefs of the church . It's it's it is designed to she challenged the stereotypes. And the -- -- -- Confines of having to conform. I'm in order to be a member of the church that's what we challenged. We contacted LDS officials in Salt Lake City who did not want to comment on this story. In addition to the ex communication the calendars also cost party his diploma at church owned Brigham Young University. They're selling. Yes none of the models has been disciplined for participating with the -- to feel the sting of criticism. I didn't feel I was mocking the church or degrading in any way it was just kind of showing you know at different society and and and you know I think -- kind of got you know not pretty hard for -- from members of the church that we don't giants and we got juts sharply for this. Despite all the criticism that biggest sales for the Mormon calendars. In Utah. It does appear there is an appetite for muffins or something else every single day I still get women. ", 'famedabyssinian baptist  church , says he remembersmany candidateand  mormon  mitt romney the face of  mormonism , one of the misconception about the  mormon  religion leaderwithin the  mormon church , more properly jesus christof  latter - day saints . Do mormons ', "what a welcome. Before he reachesthe end of his life, presidential candidateand mormon mitt romney hopes to first pass throughthe gates that lead to this house. I believe in my mormon faith. And I endeavorto live by it. Romney, to many americans,is the face of mormonism , one of the world'sfastest growing religions. What isthe biggest misconception about the mormon religion? Well, I think there aresome people who think we're not christian, and that'sa huge misconception. We believe literally that jesus christis the son of god. walker is the senior leaderwithin the mormon church , more properly called the church of jesus christof latter - day saints . Do mormons believein heaven? Oh, yes, we do, barbara. We believe absolutelyin heaven, and believe that if godis our father in heaven, ", 'Abyssinian Baptist  Church  says he remembers candidate and  Mormon  Mitt Romney believe in my  Mormon  faith. And About the  Mormon  religion of god.  Elder  William walker within the  Mormon Church . Not properly called the  church of Jesus Christ of latter day saints  or mormons ', "eight. -- Reverend Calvin Butts pastor of New York's famed Abyssinian Baptist Church says he remembers many visions of heaven -- -- news and. No tears. And -- and suffering. It's. And just at the ", "has. Before he reaches the end of his life. Presidential candidate and Mormon Mitt Romney hopes to -- passed through the gates that lead to distance. I believe in my Mormon faith. And I endeavor to live by Monday to many Americans is the face of monus and -- of the world's fastest -- villages. What does the biggest misconception. About the Mormon religion -- I think there are some people who think we're not Christian and that's a huge misconception we believe literally. That Jesus Christ is the son of god. Elder William -- walker this is senior leader within the Mormon Church . Not properly called the church of Jesus Christ of latter day saints or mormons. Believe in heaven. Caller yes we do Barbara we believe absolutely and happen and believe that if god is our ", "people to the  church of jesus christ of latter day saints . One of from the  church  -- Reporter two-year  mission  is a right most young  mormon  men. Have ushered in a  mormon  moment in the faith.  Elder  dustin Reporter:  Elder  is a  church serving on a  mission  in la mras traditions. What  church  do you attend between the  latter day saints  and other the book of  mormon . While some the book of  mormon . Reporter I'd hire a  missionary , because ", "Young men in shirts and ties, hoping to convert people to the church of jesus christ of latter day saints . One of the fastest growing religions in the world. This work is part of a demanding two-year right of passage, a journey once taken by mitt romney. Abc's bob woodruff brings us this look inside. hi, how are you doing to we're missionaries from the church -- Reporter: The two-year mission is a right of passage for most young mormon men. Have you ever seen missionaries in this neighborhood before? Reporter: There are 55,000 missionaries, serving around the world. And the church allowed our team rare access into their world for two days. Of door knocking, teaching -- called the vision of the tree of life. Reporter: And community service. I am a mormon . I'm a mormon . Reporter: Mormons have never been so visible. While mitt romney's presidential candidacy may have ushered in a mormon moment in this country, the church remains largely a mystery to those outside of the faith. Elder dustin. I'm sorry. Elder dustin. Elder ? Yes, sir. Right here on my name tag, if that helps. It does. Reporter: Elder is a church term for the missionaries, though at age 21 and 20, they are anything but old. I like your hat. Reporter: They are serving on a mission in la mras, louisiana, a long way from home in utah. I didn't know too much about it. People would tell me, you're going to have jambalaya and gumbo. I'm like, what is that? I don't know what is that. Reporter: The church determines, they believe wh devine guidance, where missionaries are placed. Mitt romney served in bordeaux, france, where he has said he learned about rejection, trying to convince the french to give up wine. We're missionaries from the church of jesus christ -- we have our own religion, thank you. Zblf that's okay. Reporter: In the deep south, the missionaries often come across people with deeply rooted religious traditions. What church do you attend? Glory of god. Would it be all right if i left you with a little pamphlet? No, thank you. ", 'What do they mean about the gospel? A key difference between the latter day saints and other christians is that mormons believe that after the resurrection, jesus came to the ancient americas in a journey described in the book of mormon . While some continue to associate mormons with polygamy -- get out of here. Now. Reporter: And shows like "big love" add to the public\'s fascination with the topic, the church banned polygamy in 1890. Those some breakoff sects have continued the practice. The material that\'s most frequently asked for is copies of the book of mormon . Reporter: This is the baton rouge mission headquarters. That go okay? That was awesome. We pretty much just killed it, i guess. Reporter: President jim wall is a surrogate parent to the missionaries who are only allowed to call home twice a year, even though they pay most of their own way. Missionaries are required to turn in receipts for everything down to their gas miles. I think if I were a corporation, I\'d hire a missionary , because they have such good training. Reporter: The missionaries work in pairs. Why do you keep these two young men together? They ', "want a person to think that they're a number. Reporter: But the church does track converts and their statistics show nearly 300,000 converts were baptized in 2011. All taught, at one point, by missionaries. And it is moments like this one that seem to excite the missionaries the most. Rick seems eager to hear their message. The book of mormon is a record of just that, the people that lived here in the ancient americas and how christ isn't just tior of the middle east, but he's the savior of the world. Reporter: They make an appointment to return. Good to meet you, rick. I've been a missionary for 20 months, knocked on countless doors, talked to countless people and the excitement doesn't go away. The excitement to tell people ", 'final night by a  mormon  bishop. As we american history, a  mormon  will be nominated sacred and private  mormon  temples. Reporter order to enter. A  mormon  must be deemed income to the  church . You are now converting to  mormonism  in the after life and rev laters.  Elder  russell ballard ', "now, a prayer will be offered on the final night by a mormon bishop. As we said, last night, for the first time in american history, a mormon will be nominated for the highest office in the land. And since so many people regard the faith as a mystery, abc's dan harris returns tonight with a rare tour of one of the most sacred and private mormon temples. Reporter: We've all seen the outside of the temples but very few get to go where I went, inside. And this is one of the first rooms I saw. The celestial room. Intensely ornate, it is meant to evoke the peace and tranquility of heaven. In the temple, mormons wear all white in order to enter. A mormon must be deemed chase and must be contributing 10% of their income to the church . You are now looking at the room where the faithful stand in that pool which is heated and chlorinated and are baptized in the name of the dead so they can have the option converting to mormonism in the after life. Those oxen represent the 12 tribes of israel. My guides on this tour are two of the church's 12 apostles. Top officials who are believed to be prophets, seers and rev laters. Elder russell ballard. We know the voice of the lord. We know when he want it s us to do something. Reporter: They ", 'level of heaven, you need to be married. This professor, a practicing mormon and author of the upcoming book "a peculiar people." It is a family-oriented vision of the after life. The significance of that view of heaven dictates a kind of family centeredness. Here in what mormons call mortal life. Reporter: Which is why t two-thirds of mormons are mar married compared to about half of the rest of the population. Mormon women are twice as likely to describe themselves as housewives. He appeared to joseph smith. Reporter: Once a week, mormon families like the aherns of pennsylvania are expected to hold something called family home evening. A way to be happy in our families. Reporter: No phones, no tvs, no computers. Just food, song, prayer, games and lesson. The most important part is just having our children know that we love them and love spending time with them and that we\'re a family that is staying together. Reporter: All of it, says professor flumin, proof of how the mormon faith is both very different and very demanding. Mormonism tends to define life in various ways for a practicing latter day saint. Tends not to be an element of one\'s life ', 'contenders were  Mormon  both vying And now the  Mormon Church  has decided the book of  Mormon . On TV there Both of them  latter day saints  we realized Become sort of  Mormon  rapid response clarified the  church  itself is nineteenth century  Brigham young  did preached ', "There is a dual under way with two political contenders were Mormon both vying for the White House their -- has been placed in the spotlight. And now the Mormon Church has decided to fight back here's David -- The hottest ticket on Broadway right now is -- Tony award winning. Musical the book of Mormon . On TV there have been several hit series from HBO's big love. To TLC's sister wives. Out on the campaign trail thanks for helping out today not one but two major candidates for president. I'm Jon Huntsman. Both of them latter day saints we realized thing. -- -- that to -- running for president there's going to be stereotyping. That historian Greg Foster is part of a group called the foundation for apologetic information and research fair for short. Become sort of Mormon rapid response team will monitor the press to see. The if they get something right or not. The mormons know what candidates religion can be an issue. Kennedy's catholicism. To Obama as embarrassment by Reverend Wright. So last month the mormons clarified the church itself is politically neutral we have in the church church membership we have everyone from. Harry Reid. On the left aren't -- on the right. And six million Americans between. Coming down hard on reports like this one what kind treaty can post. Garden of Eden on the fox affiliate in Memphis. Not in America. You've got a lot more reaction to this than you bargained for. Yeah that was a pretty darn big attack on my career. For the record in the nineteenth century Brigham young did preached that the garden of Eden. With in Jackson County Missouri the economy juice the fourth largest church in the United States to sound -- or bombastic but in the upcoming campaign people -- try and yes. David -- ABC ", 'president of the  Mormon Church . The service member of the  church of Jesus Christ of latter day saints  the mormons authorities of my  church . Will ever believe in my  Mormon  faith. And the idea of a  Mormon  president ', "time to attend the funeral of Gordon Hinckley the president of the Mormon Church . The service in Salt Lake City drew thousands of mourners and again put a spotlight on the role of Romney's faith. ABC's John Berman is in Utah tonight. -- with the ceremony filled with pageantry laced with a hint of presidential politics. In the pews Mitt Romney a member of the church of Jesus Christ of latter day saints the mormons it was a very public display of faith. For a man whose faith has been an issue -- entire campaign. I think his attendance at the funeral today is an indication that he's ready to identify bit more clearly with his own. Faith tradition -- Even two months ago Romney gave a high profile speech in Texas designed to allay concerns about his religion let me assure you that. No authorities of my church . Will ever exert influence on presidential decisions yet in that speech He used the word -- just wants. I believe in my Mormon faith. And I endeavor to live -- quantities so careful. In polls some 39%. Of evangelical voters said they were uncomfortable with the idea of a Mormon president. And in Iowa some 60% of Republican voters were evangelicals. Romney was crushed there. But in a campaign this complicated -- so many twists and turns Romney's -- has not always been a liability. Long He wanted -- -- -- returning 6% of Republican voters were more emit 95%. Of them voted for Mitt Romney. On the also won Wyoming which has a big Mormon population. And it's probably no coincidence that the two counties -- just visiting California. Has some of the biggest Mormon populations in the country. -- also seems more comfortable discussing -- these days. We also. As Americans we believe in something greater ", "his singing career on hold. To go on to your  Mormon mission  twenty broke down in tears in fact yes he made quitting music. felt a strong desire to serve the  church  spokesperson for the  church  did not say where. He wouldn't", "he's putting his singing career on hold. To go on to your Mormon mission twenty -- broke down in tears in fact yes he made that announcement during Christmas concert in Salt Lake City. The video posted on its web site to -- reiterated that he's not quitting music. -- felt a strong desire to serve the church spokesperson for the church did not say where. He wouldn't -- ", "breakaway  Mormon  group that mainstream  Mormon Church . Fans in But now  Mormon  misgivings ceremony we're  church  members moved leadership of the  church of Jesus Christ of latter day saints . Has not of a new  Mormon temple . A tour ", "disliked. They show stars Bill Paxton as a member of a breakaway Mormon group that still practices polygamy which -- mainstream Mormon Church . Fans in 1890. -- -- my wife but it doesn't mean you're my only want. But now Mormon misgivings are boiling over because this Sunday's game he's gonna -- one of the State's most secret and private. Temple rituals. Down in ceremony we're church members moved to a higher level of their faith. But Sammy Davis Cup flaunting it on TV knowing. That it's something that's you know is -- -- not talked about disheartening to know that. Members of other Jason and beliefs why. Respect what we believe. Angry mormons are now discussing boycotts of both HBO and its sister company AL well that bothers me that they're making fun of the and that's what they're doing. The leadership of the church of Jesus Christ of latter day saints . Has not officially endorsed a boycott but He did release a statement saying certainly church members are offended. I was recently invited out to Utah to taken unprecedented tour of a new Mormon temple . A tour led by two Mormon apostles men at the highest levels of the church but it. But they didn't want to discuss ceremonies like the endowment in detail the ceremony reportedly involves the teaching of secret ", 'Janeiro. The  Mormon  faith has the halt  Mormon  calendar The whole  Mormon  muffins 2010 here is a  Mormon  a member of the  church of Jesus Christ of latter day saints . more men problem is the  LDS church  is friends since.  Brigham young  university think the  Mormon Church  acute men on a  mission  but again ', 'course -- a backlash and this man has been excommunicated. From the church . We find out why. Things have lost. Powerful snow storm bears down threatening to disrupt holiday shopping and travel for millions. -- ', "calendars in swimsuit models. Models yes but more -- The whole -- Mormon muffins 2010. Every -- -- here is a Mormon a member of the church of Jesus Christ of latter day saints . -- more men and women or happen to be moms that take. You know phenomenal care of themselves and they want to express that what this. 33 year old Chad hardy is -- creator they want to feel beautiful they want to feel human sexy. And I don't understand why spirituality. And sexuality have to live in separate houses. Amy Hanson mes February is the mother of three. I -- active in the church . But I'm also a model healthy and fat and and I kind of believe that it's okay -- feel sexy. Charlie was the -- roller skates her son to school. Lisa would goes to church every week we're comfortable -- confident. We're okay with god we're okay with ourselves and -- -- -- -- ahead of yourself He can be sexy and you can be LBS. What are you selling here. I'm actually selling a statement. The calendars were designed to you actually tear down stereotypes. Within the Mormon -- DS could -- you you could buttons and the calendar also provides a separate muffin recipe for every month. But the muffins aren't the problem. The problem is the LDS church is -- clear when it comes to how -- members dress. In an official pamphlet -- church instructs prophets of god have always counseled his children to dress modestly. It continues immodest clothing includes short shorts skirts tight clothing shirts they do not cover the stomach and other revealing attire. And what's really interest staying about. The guidelines that they set for all church members say don't necessarily enforce with all church members friends since. Brigham young university and cheerleaders Wear very short skirts. They Wear. You know. Clothes that are no more revealing than others and that's okay. It's. Marie Osmond on Dancing With The Stars is a very devout Mormon . Wearing costumes that are completely against. That you know the moral conduct of modesty. My calendars -- they push the line the -- -- shirtless the girls are wearing costumes. But it's. It's not overtly provocative. I think this summit can be provocative. But I I look that is being kind of I don't know the -- Do you think the Mormon Church -- acute do you think the officials the officials -- think it's cute. Obviously not. You know they came last year and asked me to stop production. The 2009 calendar when we -- right in the middle of it. The 2009 calendar was a little different it was all guys it was called men on a mission but again. Modesty is not the first word that comes to mind. I thought you know what a great way to show these people that. These guys that go to your door are just regular guys doing their service for the church . And they're human and normal and they have desires like you -- nine and I thought why don't we. Kind of expose them. No pun intended. Is as as being normal. Party who runs a team building company in Las Vegas -- day job. -- as a lifelong Mormon I believed to -- type I felt like my obedience to the church is what was going to bring meaning. The most happiness -- in this life and the next a lifelong Mormon until last year when church officials called him in for a hearing. After they deliberated for about 45 minutes -- decided. That's the best decision was for me to be excommunicated. You could have been surprised though I was surprised. I didn't think that the church was so concerned about. Their image as opposed to saving souls and allowing people to express themselves and and to find themselves as an individual what you said your project is try to make a statement. That is deliberately tried to question some of the tenets of the church . Right not necessarily. -- the project is not designed to question the beliefs of the church . It's it's it is designed to challenge the stereo types and the colts -- rule. Confines of having to conform. I'm in order to be a member of the church that's what we challenged. We contacted LDS officials in Salt Lake City who did not want to comment on this story. In addition to the ex communication the calendars also -- party his diploma at church owned Brigham Young University. They're selling. Yes none of the models has been disciplined for participating. With -- to feel the sting of criticism. I didn't feel -- was mocking the church or degrading in any way it was just kind of showing you know at different society and and and you know I think -- kind of got you know not pretty hard for and from members of the church that. We don't giants and we got -- -- for this. Despite all the criticism that biggest sales for the Mormon calendars. In Utah. It does appear there is an appetite for muffins or something else every single day I still get women. ", "knowledge of the  Mormon Church  may be limited change she mormons  Mormon  is in my at least musical the book of  Mormon . There's also religion. The  church  denounces polygamy to the  church  of  latter day saints . Announcements ", "Many americans' knowledge of the Mormon Church may be limited to the casual association of Salt Lake City polygamy. Pairs of missionaries in neckties going door to door but. That may be about to change she mormons -- Mormon is in my at least highly imaginative versions of them. Are now front and center on several of the country's biggest stage ", "voters. With stereotype. There's that Tony award winning musical the book of Mormon . There's also the popular TLC reality show sister wives I think there's credit. And it's HBO dramatic equivalent big love all the traditions my wife but it doesn't mean you're my only one. The pop culture for trails offering twisted and distorted view of the religion. The church denounces polygamy of course a practice that is confined to a handful of extremist cults with no ties to the church of latter day saints . Announcements bigger challenge is convincing Republican primary voters that that man who Barack Obama sent to China is a true conservative. He ", "The first  Mormon  nominee for moment for the  Mormon  faith. Which Members of the  Mormon  faith are keenly Which in part is  church of Jesus Christ of latter day saints  on this public neighbors won't  Mormon  the are trying ", "major ticket senator Joseph Lieberman and next week. Another breakthrough. The first Mormon nominee for president of profound and historic moment for the Mormon faith. Which is still a mystery to a lot of people so tonight Dan Harris begins a two part series answering questions. About this uniquely American religion. With the -- imposing temples where secret rituals are performed rituals so sacred that non mormons cannot enter. And -- they're all male leadership believed to have a direct line to god. Members of the Mormon faith are keenly aware that they are sometimes seen as a source of mystery and suspicion. Steve -- and. Which in part is -- church of Jesus Christ of latter day saints on this public relations campaign. The message leaving your neighbors -- won't -- Mormon the are trying to be more open. America's best known Mormon who once held one of the highest positions in the church and has talked about his faith that rarely used the word Mormon I'm not running for pastor in chief I'm running for commander in chief next question. So given all that mystery and misconceptions ", "secrecy can be seen apart from the very bitter history. Of anti Mormon is -- still mormons carry with them a kind of communal memory of persecution in the. Early days of the church and mormons were violently driven from state to state and their founding prophet Joseph Smith was murdered by an angry not. What do they believe. In the Mormon faith the Bible is considered a word of god but mormons also believe god added three more books. Written by Joseph Smith farm boy from upstate New York. When Smith was a young man he claimed an Angel -- into a nearby hill. Where he dug up a pair of golden plates from which he translated the book of Mormon . Mormons like professor Robert Miller are well aware that adding on to the Bible in this way can be very controversial. Latter day saints love and adore the holy Bible we've announced it is not the end of the profits god still speaks. And finally what about Jesus mormons believe that when Jesus the son of god returns he will first go to Jerusalem. And then to Missouri where he will establish his kingdom on earth. For mormons America plays a special role. Every summer in fact hundreds of the faithful act out the story of the book of Mormon . Which says its private ancient Israel lights came to America thousands of years ago and were later visited by Jesus after the resurrection. Mormons think they have a distinctive message they have always thought that but the same time the proximity to traditional Christian -- clear and obvious and so it's a complicated relationship with traditional Christian and I think is an easy way to say it. Tomorrow night -- -- some common questions about Mormon culture like polygamy which was banned by the -- an 1890. And we'll show you what I -- on a rare tour inside a Mormon temple . And -- I can't wait for tomorrow night but we're talking today about caffeine does I think a lot of people do know that most mormons don't drink caffeine why. But we checked the Mormon scripture today and while it doesn't actually say that word caffeine Joseph Smith. Specifically told his followers that for their help they ", 'Mitt Romney is a  Mormon  and this is it book. And the  Mormon  himself Glenn not vote. For a  Mormon  to be in the White think that his  Mormon  is a deal breaker believe that But the  latter day saints  are the true  church  and that the book ', "you can tackle of this the mormons believe that -- But the latter day saints are the true church and that the book of Mormon . Really is the completed version of the Bible. A lot of and here's meaning you know -- -- here we go in ", 'into the  Mormon temple  where outsiders rituals and  Mormon  marriage account of the  mission  that killed to enter a  Mormon  must be chased income to the  church . You are converting to  Mormon  is in the rebel leaders  elder  Russell Ballard which every  Mormon  will be quick only the  Mormon  faithful their young  missionary  several decades ', "now a prayer will be offered on the final night by a Mormon bishop. As we said last night for the first time in American history a Mormon will be nominated for the highest office in the land. And since so many people regard the faith as a mystery ABC's Dan Harris returns tonight. -- the rare tour of one of the most sacred and private Mormon temples. We've all seen the outside of the temples but very few get to go where I went -- -- And this is one of the first rooms -- son the celestial room intensely ornate. It is meant to evoke the peace and tranquility. Of -- In the temple mormons Wear all white in order to enter a Mormon must be -- chased. And must be contributing 10% of their income to the church . You are now looking at the room where the faithful stand in that pool which is heated in chlorinated. And are baptized in the name of the dead so that they can have the option of converting to Mormon is in the in the afterlife. Those -- on the side of the pool represent the twelve tribes of Israel. My guys on this tour are two of the church's twelve apostles. Top officials who are believed to be profits -- years and rebel leaders elder Russell Ballard. -- -- The voice of the lord. We know when he wants us to do something. They were willing to ", 'walk free. And -- where the amateur artist with good intentions at church in Spain had a prized 100 year old fresco but. This is what it looks like -- -- At first officials but ', 'elite was a devout  Mormon  who believe in revelations mormons members of the  church of Jesus Christ of latter day saints . They was extremely wholeheartedly in the  Mormon  doctrine of personal decision. She went to a  Mormon temple . Ask god what she ', 'backgrounds in nutrition and fitness and both were mormons members of the church of Jesus Christ of latter day saints . They -- was extremely devout the Levy wholeheartedly in the Mormon doctrine of personal revelation. Betting faithful member can receive guidance directly from guy. -- younger sister -- Stratton. She was key spike ', 'service in our  church . We embraced unto me. The  church of Jesus Christ of latter day saints . And which served in our  church . Devoting 1015 doing so. Like  Mormon  leaders he did counseled with  church  members seeking ', "our fellow men and women. They were spent in service in our church . We embraced. Christ's admonition. In as much as -- have done it and 21. The least of these my brother and -- have done it unto me. The church of Jesus Christ of latter day saints . And which we are members has an unpaid. Lay clergy. While raising his family and pursuing his career. Mitt Romney served in our church . Devoting 1015. And even twenty hours a week doing so. Like -- Mormon leaders he did so on his own time. And at his own expense. I was mets' assistant when he was our pastor. ", 'On employment. Second its. Financial distress. Loneliness. -- prayed and counseled with church members seeking spiritual direction. Single mothers raising children. Couples with -- problems. Use with addictions. Immigrants separated from their families. And individuals ', 'leaves for the elderly. He took down tables and swept floors at church dinners. He was often the last to leave. Years later I became the pastor. Only then did I understand that dedication. This ']