["Matthew Dowd and Donna Brazile discuss the president's inauguration and second term.", "thoughts. Four years later how goes your fight that you committed yourselves to back in those days what is the state on  Martin Luther king day  of of racial relations in America job. It's an ongoing struggle but the fact that Obama could be elected again. Shows ", "to back in those days what is the state -- -- on Martin Luther king day of of racial relations in America job. It's an ongoing struggle but the fact that Obama could be elected again. Shows that ", "Happy Michael king day that's right.  Martin Luther King Day  is named for a man who was born neither Martin nor Luther. I'm Kenneth C Davis. And that might not be the only thing you don't ", "Happy Michael king day that's right. Martin Luther King Day is named for a man who was born neither Martin nor Luther. I'm Kenneth C Davis. And that might not be the ", 'All right this weekend the UN foundation girl up campaign is hosting a rally in DC to honor and  Martin Luther King Day  and celebrities are pitching in to raise awareness on this girl power movement. We are so happy to have photographer and judge ', 'is hosting a rally in DC to honor -- and -- -- Martin Luther King Day and celebrities are pitching in to raise awareness on this girl power movement. We are so happy to have photographer and judge ', "but what do you lose money money talks remember went  Martin Luther King Day  they'd sit and I understand that but here's my question Remember in Arizona when they voted against having  Martin Luther King Day . And there was a at the place they weren't gonna have ", "-- but what do you lose money money talks -- remember went Martin Luther King Day they'd sit and I understand that but here's my question. Who gets hurt and that's when you -- mean the black I ", "on -- it was. Remember in Arizona when they voted against having Martin Luther King Day . And there was a -- at the place they weren't gonna have the super ball and they we -- they rescinded that ", "contribution to the nation's development George Washington Abraham Lincoln. And Martin Luther king and every year  Martin Luther King Day  provides the country with a chance to concentrate not only in his life. But on his legacy so today from the smallest ", 'development George Washington Abraham Lincoln. And Martin Luther king and every year Martin Luther King Day provides the country with a chance to concentrate not only in his life. But on his legacy so today from the smallest ', "via Twitter twitter.com slash note. We've been touched all day long and John what is your first top line on this  Martin Luther King Day . Mass panic now that Democrats are in such disarray in Massachusetts. That it has become amazingly the conventional ", 'day long and John what is your first top line on this Martin Luther King Day . Mass panic now that Democrats are in such disarray in Massachusetts. That it has become amazingly the conventional wisdom. Rick it now ', "to stimulate the economy. Many investors do not believe the president's 145 billion dollar tax break plan will prevent a recession. And stocks dropped about 4% in Japan and England US markets however are closed for  Martin Luther King Day .", 'about 4% in Japan and England US markets however are closed for Martin Luther King Day . ', "an incredible asset so I feel like it balances You're there in Atlanta He spoke. On Sunday doctor king's church  Martin Luther King Day . Just your thoughts on the holiday and what you think Doctor King would think. your candidacy. Well you know I don't ", "You're there in Atlanta He spoke. On Sunday -- doctor king's church Martin Luther King Day . Just your thoughts on the holiday and what you think Doctor King would think. -- your candidacy. Well you know I don't ", "drive the pace car. Mitt Romney campaign in Jacksonville where He had his picture taken with some young people in a  Martin Luther King Day . Celebration. Pretty good for him the last there. If you don't remember is from the 2000 hit song who let the dogs ", "where He had his picture taken with some young people in a Martin Luther King Day . Celebration. Pretty good for him the last -- there. If you don't remember is from the 2000 hit song who let the ", 'how far is too far and when might this assets turn into a liability. Hey Bill Clinton was sounding conciliatory his  Martin Luther King .  Day  I mean how cruel is that you know you. You got all these different people in the presence but the anger his recent comments ', 'turn into a liability. Hey Bill Clinton was sounding conciliatory -- his Martin Luther King . Day -- I mean how cruel is that you know you. You got all these different people -- in the presence but the ', "On this eve of  Martin Luther King Day  we are reminded of one of doctor king's most famous quotes. 11 AM on Sunday when most Americans are in church He said is the ", "On this eve of Martin Luther King Day we are reminded of one of doctor king's most famous quotes. 11 AM on Sunday when most Americans are in church He ", "race and they're really looking it. That the person that can best. Keep this country going. Today on the eve of  Martin Luther King Day  Clinton and Obama went too important black churches Obama to king's church in Atlanta. Obama cited king's crusade ", "that can best. Keep this country going. Today on the eve of Martin Luther King Day Clinton and Obama went too important black churches Obama to king's church in Atlanta. Obama cited king's crusade for unity among Americans. ", "On this eve of  Martin Luther King Day  we are reminded of one of doctor king's most famous quotes 11 AM on Sunday when Americans are in church He said. Is the most ", "On this eve of Martin Luther King Day we are reminded of one of doctor king's most famous quotes 11 AM on Sunday when Americans are in church He said. ", "now Dan Harris with more of the ABC news webcast. This is world news available any time anywhere you want it. On this  Martin Luther King Day  we are reminded of one of doctor king's most famous quotes. 11 AM on Sunday when most Americans are in church He said ", "is world news available any time anywhere you want it. On this Martin Luther King Day we are reminded of one of doctor king's most famous quotes. 11 AM on Sunday when most Americans are in church He ", 'today we travel back to this day in 1983. Here the and. November 2 1983. Some American troops are leaving Grenada.  Martin Luther King Day  is now a national holiday. And the government issues emergency rules on asbestos. From ABC news this is world news ', 'the -- and. November 2 1983. Some American troops are leaving Grenada. Martin Luther King Day is now a national holiday. And the government issues emergency rules on asbestos. From ABC news this is world news tonight with ', "to our collaboration with Google and we focus on only one rising search today at the top of the list.  Martin Luther King Day  as well it should be for the first time doctor king's private papers by the way are on display for everyone ", "only one rising search today -- at the top of the list. Martin Luther King Day as well it should be for the first time doctor king's private papers by the way are on display for everyone -- ", "And we move now to our collaboration with Google and we focus on only one rising search today at the top of the list.  Martin Luther King Day  as well as should be for the first time doctor king's private papers by the way are on display for everyone They were ", "only one rising search today -- at the top of the list. Martin Luther King Day as well as should be for the first time doctor king's private papers by the way are on display for everyone -- ", "College students on display. Some of athletes and others are not like these students monkey African Americans. On  Martin Luther King Day . Now these are not undercover colors often new York and the cameras don't know that they're bad behavior is getting ", "athletes and others are not like these students monkey African Americans. On Martin Luther King Day . Now these are not undercover colors often -- new York and the cameras don't know that they're bad behavior is getting recorded ", 'Of this Dr. Martin Luther King Jr . day a special version of -- three words. -- -- ']