["demanding immigration reform at rallies held on  International Workers '  Day . Protests coincided with demonstrations around Leon (left), 38, brought her family to the  May Day  march. Her daughter Stephanie Mojica, 17, wrote ", 'Today in Pictures: May Day , Tornados, Monkeys, Russia Protests, Sarkozy Loses, and Baseball', 'Images) Children dance around the  maypole  at the  May Day  village celebrations in Priston Somerset, England. The traditional  May Day  is said to have started 2,000 thanking their goddess Flora. The  maypole  remains a focus for dancing and ', 'says Buhn. New demonstrations are planned all across the world for the month. It began on May 1, or  International Workers \'  Day , when Occupy Wall Street staged what they called a "general strike" in New York. There were also Occupy ', 'activists participated in " May Day " protests across the planned as part of the  May Day  protests. Pete Dutro recognize May 1 as " International Workers \'  Day ." "Without labor conjunction with the  May Day  march." When asked ', 'today as a series of  May Day  protests unfolded around May 1 is known as  international workers \'  day  . At least seven locations THE PIGS \'Happy  May Day .\'" Several samples believed intended for  May Day  delivery, arrived at ', 'in an apparent  May Day  protest, police protests for " May Day ," May 1, which also is known as " international workers \'  day ." The intent intended for  May Day  delivery, arrived on duty for the  May Day  events, plus ', 'will serve as a kind of warm-up for the NATO protests in Chicago and for a nationwide General Strike planned for  May 1st . The  May Day  General Strike calls for workers and students around the country not to show up for work or school. The idea ', "produced few results -- the Castros still have a lock on power -- so maybe it's time for a new approach. Today's  May Day celebration  in Cuba is unlikely to emphasize any improvement in U.S.-Cuban relations . Raul Castro said Wednesday at a ", 'Cubans expect they might see him at Tuesday\'s  International Workers Day  march, one of the country\'s most important political always hope to see him. I hope to see him at the  May Day  march. Everybody hopes so," a young woman in ', 'His reports leading up to Cuba\'s traditional  International Workers Day  march on Tuesday, when it is expected Castro might Sunday evening. "Will [Fidel] be there this  May Day ? I don\'t have any information that you will be ', "President Fidel Castro presided over  May Day  activities today in Havana's Plaza also known as Revolution Square. The  May Day , or Workers Day, celebration marked  International Workers '  Day  in Havana's main square, where more ", "a company town, evacuated under a cloud of radioactive fallout. There's a Ferris wheel there, built for a  May Day celebration  that never took place. Chernobyl blew up on April 26. By May 1, Pripyat had been abandoned. The birch trees ", 'faction or another even with the hammer and sickle. Last week, the communist party of Kirkuk held its first ever  May Day celebration . Freedom has also carried some surprising new priorities such as television. Satellite dishes have become an instant ', "joins us now from lower Manhattan. And with the latest there good morning to you John. Good morning gospel  international workers '  day  a traditional day of protest in the occupied movie is expected. to some of their biggest protest in months ", "there good morning to you John. Good morning gospel -- -- -- international workers' day a traditional day of protest in the occupied movie is expected. -- -- to -- some of their biggest protest in months ", "banish the memory of last year's  May Day  event when police pummeled demonstrators 20000 people this is it's the  international workers '  day  and one thing to be mindful of What we've learned about these  May Day  rallies is that they do have ", "for immigration reform. Officials hope to banish the memory of last year's May Day event when police pummeled demonstrators and reporters with batons at MacArthur Park. ABC's Brian Rooney is in Los Angeles with more He ", "seen an estimate that maybe be 20000 people this is it's the international workers' day and one thing to be mindful of today. Is that a lot of immigrant workers both legal and illegal are concerned about the immigration service raids on workplaces that have been going on all over the country. And they are angry about it so. What we've learned about these May Day rallies is that they do have the ability to surprise us. And there is this element here that that they're unhappy about ", "To mark  May Day  or  international workers '  day  demonstrators took to the streets in Russia Bosnia and Kosovo. Police in Moscow say nearly 30000 people took part in a march against ", "To mark May Day or international workers' day demonstrators took to the streets in Russia Bosnia and Kosovo. Police in Moscow say nearly 30000 people took part in a march "]