["to be someone around you that says that's wrong. Reporter: From his most recent dust-up with the paparazzi, to his  memorial day  run-in with keyshawn johnson over how fast he was driving his ferrari, to being accused of battery by his neighbor, after ", 'wrong. Reporter: From his most recent dust-up with the paparazzi, to his memorial day run-in with keyshawn johnson over how fast he was driving his ferrari, to being accused of battery by his neighbor, after a ', 'circle around it. Sort of day where I dared to help the city see the potholes. Cheney says he started his pothole patrol  Memorial Day  and so far with the help of his girlfriend. Has 55 holes and Belle haven and finder and. We decided would just keep going ', 'see the potholes. Cheney says he started his -- -- pothole patrol Memorial Day and so far with the help of his girlfriend. Has -- 55 holes and Belle haven and finder and. We decided -- ', "to the u.S. Brazilian officials confiscating their passports, after the father went to court. The drama started after  memorial day . Haddon, who has full custody, was planning a three-week trip to brazil, with little ava. He hasn't seen her in ", "their passports, after the father went to court. The drama started after memorial day . Haddon, who has full custody, was planning a three-week trip to brazil, with little ava. He hasn't seen her in four years. ", 'stuff. Well you know the meaning of  Memorial Day . The meeting Mario games. Yes. It the necessary there meaning through.  Memorial Day  is the day that we remember the men and metal Pennsylvania. Specialist a  Memorial Day  however evidence suggests that it began ', "-- and stuff. Well you know the meaning of Memorial Day . The meeting -- Mario games. Yes. It actually -- secluded beach in drink a lot earlier today it's America stay the necessary there meaning through. Memorial Day is the day that we remember the men and women who died while serving in the armed forces. So everyone on the armed forces and go -- and apologize for office. Originally was called decoration day because he'd be decorations on the soldier's grave act when we were terrified at death is some controversy as to where the holiday started -- and metal -- -- Pennsylvania. Specialist a Memorial Day however evidence suggests that it began either in Warrenton Virginia or Savannah Georgia -- that like to say stop -- Memorial Day used to be on the same day every year however congress passed some kind of -- thingy that moved it to the last Monday -- May -- bill that create three day weekends at a problem for congress. Critics argued that since we moved the holiday to create a three day weekend -- actually lost touch of what holiday is all about. Street but may be excessive drinking and taking. These isn't your thing. What sort of other things can you do on Memorial Day well you could go -- what zawahri all our deep keeping class this near Memorial Day Atlanta on the tenth anniversary of -- breast. So maybe you can go -- nurse who. However -- -- big -- He ", "The long  Memorial Day  weekend kicks off the unofficial start enemy you can't see spring allergies  Memorial Day  is usually around opening for grass pollen tips for staying safe and having fun this  Memorial Day  weekend.", 'The long Memorial Day weekend kicks off the unofficial start of the summer but with that comes in seasonal hazards and here are some tips. To ', "home for -- Then there's the enemy you can't see spring allergies Memorial Day is usually around opening -- for grass pollen season pollen counts -- the highest in the mornings and don't be ashamed asleep ", 'you have five quick tips for staying safe and having fun this Memorial Day weekend. ', "away because it's so. Emily died of rocky mountain spotted fever she became gravely ill after being bitten by a take on  Memorial Day . While visiting family in Texas I never expected her not to come home. Her as a Black Mountain battalion chief Emily often ", 'fever she became gravely ill after being bitten by a take on Memorial Day . While visiting family in Texas I never expected her not to come home. Her -- as a Black Mountain battalion chief Emily ', "It's telling sign that on this  Memorial Day  weekend many of the events honoring within family says we found at the  Memorial Day parade  in Dayton Ohio. Had you know troops have died in Iraq since last  Memorial Day . Many women of fighting a war ", "Harris takes a look at that. It's telling sign that on this Memorial Day weekend many of the events honoring the dead. A field of flags. A field of combat boots. A patriotic mural and a ", '-- conflicting feelings playing out within family says we found at the Memorial Day parade in Dayton Ohio. Had -- you know. Price political. Nearly a thousand US troops have died in Iraq since last Memorial Day . Many women of fighting a war whose wounds extend from the deserts of Iraq to the backyards. Of America. For Good Morning ', 'Tamer Mosallam was supposed to be a passenger in a car involved in fiery crash on  Memorial Day .', 'A roadside bomb. He wanted to be a teacher lacrosse coach and husband that was his future. They dedicated the  Memorial Day parade  in Manhasset New York yesterday to Jimmy Regan a hundred kids wore his number including his cousin Jack. We send ', 'teacher lacrosse coach and husband that was his future. They dedicated the Memorial Day parade in Manhasset New York yesterday to Jimmy Regan a hundred kids wore his number including his cousin Jack. We send our best ', "off from the racing in justin bieber's video. Justin's reps say the raced his white ferrari near a family friend hi  memorial day  barbecue. That's when the retired football star turned espn broadcaster jumped in his car reportedly a prius and trailed ", "reps say the raced his white ferrari near a family friend hi memorial day barbecue. That's when the retired football star turned espn broadcaster jumped in his car reportedly a prius and trailed behind bieber's ferrari. ", "cool and in this central it's been wet. And while mother nature did cooperate in Washington DC last night for the annual  Memorial Day  concert honoring our nation's servicemen and women. Elsewhere today they are bracing for more severe weather. In Oklahoma ", "mother nature did cooperate in Washington DC last night for the annual Memorial Day concert honoring our nation's servicemen and women. Elsewhere today they are bracing for more severe weather. In Oklahoma strong thunderstorms could threaten ", "what thousands of Americans all over  Memorial Day  weekend you are stronger than the storm communities come back right end up. Martin  Memorial Day  weekend it's always a big one on the to make up for the losses from this  Memorial Day  weekend as we get further into the summer ", 'opening their doors. And I saw what thousands of Americans all over Memorial Day weekend you are stronger than the storm after all you. -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- ', "they're waiting to see their communities come back right end up. Martin Memorial Day weekend it's always a big one on the -- we know the weather -- a little spotty but. How take over businesses. Yet it certainly was a problem it looked pretty much to like this in -- and then Saturday and Sunday and -- that -- drive away some of the business that wasn't beautiful day here yesterday gusts up. -- of the people back to the shore but -- really just hoping to make up for the losses from this Memorial Day weekend as we get further into the summer absolutely we have seen some pictures of -- rebuilt boardwalk. -- about what percentage ", "the public events that he had starting his fright -- past Friday Memorial Day weekend. I don't think the guy took more than an hour between ribbon cuttings that some port of -- -- -- somewhere ", "entitled speeding up and down the highway. Reporter: The analyst and required player is finally speaking out about the  memorial day  face-off. All I wanted to do was protect my kids. I got a 1-year-old and a-year-old. He's speeding through ", "Reporter: The analyst and required player is finally speaking out about the memorial day face-off. All I wanted to do was protect my kids. I got a 1-year-old and a-year-old. He's speeding through a residential neighborhood. ", "day here in the US today curious stunt for the day after  Memorial Day  when I think America consumed. What roughly beaten. Billion back them how much everybody's I would house everybody's  Memorial Day  weekend wonderful little little red little rain the rain ", "here in the -- US today curious stunt for the day after Memorial Day when I think America consumed. What roughly beaten. Billion hamburgers but I couldn't drive -- you drive trying to round ballot with ", "-- back -- them how much everybody's I would -- house everybody's Memorial Day weekend -- -- -- -- -- -- wonderful little -- little red little rain the rain but you know -- who can ", "Or the Hart  Memorial Day  a little yard work can do a body Yeah another some hidden still and so you are right there but could it be buried treasure that's ", 'Or the Hart Memorial Day a little yard work can do a body -- Yeah another -- some hidden still -- and so you are right there ', 'And finally tonight, as we look back at this  memorial day  day weekend together, I want to tell you about something that happened that will probably never happen again. 40 years ago ', 'And finally tonight, as we look back at this memorial day day weekend together, I want to tell you about something that happened that will probably never happen again. 40 years ago, the ', "would you do returns in just sixty seconds. Well it's  Memorial Day  on chocolate sundae about a Wal-Mart low price guarantee mean as always we heard out of our and three musicians.  Memorial Day  may be over. Put this man still celebrated this way too ", "good. What would you do returns in just sixty seconds. Well it's Memorial Day on chocolate sundae about a Wal-Mart low price guarantee back glad that you received another -- yeah. -- believes intends -- hot ", 'always we heard -- out of our -- and -- three musicians. Memorial Day may be over. Put this man still celebrated this way too much plus. Jack. -- will be speaking to keep him from ', 'grossing family thrill on  memorial day  weekend and for a good reason, it\'s awesome and due to the "epic" star, beyonce, amanda seyfried, pitbull and, oh, by ', 'grossing family thrill on memorial day weekend and for a good reason, it\'s awesome and due to the "epic" star, beyonce, amanda seyfried, pitbull and, oh, by the ', "was another gentleman who was like, oh, no. I'm like, yeah, oh, no. Reporter: The 30-year-old was spending  memorial day  weekend with his family. Police say relatives dropped him off near the baldwin river so he could go fishing alone. But ", "oh, no. I'm like, yeah, oh, no. Reporter: The 30-year-old was spending memorial day weekend with his family. Police say relatives dropped him off near the baldwin river so he could go fishing alone. But sunday "]