["Television household ratings have doubled on ESPN2 as compared with last season. The three rookies were all featured in a  Memorial Day  doubleheader to start the season, and the game pitting Griner against Delle Donne drew the league's highest regular-season ", 'subscribers to an $8 monthly service that streams video to Internet-connected devices. The second quarter included Netflix\'s  Memorial Day  weekend release of 15 new "Arrested Development" episodes. Netflix earned $29.5 million, or 49 cents per share, in ', "Television household ratings have doubled on ESPN2 as compared with last season. The three rookies were all featured in a  Memorial Day  doubleheader to start the season, and the game pitting Griner against Delle Donne drew the league's highest regular-season ", 'subscribers to an $8 monthly service that streams video to Internet-connected devices. The second quarter included Netflix\'s  Memorial Day  weekend release of 15 new "Arrested Development" episodes. Netflix earned $29.5 million, or 49 cents per share, in ', "Television household ratings have doubled on ESPN2 as compared with last season. The three rookies were all featured in a  Memorial Day  doubleheader to start the season, and the game pitting Griner against Delle Donne drew the league's highest regular-season ", "any It's many Well you know This woman be done palaces secret weapon for picking the paparazzi. Old business that is.  Memorial Day . Here is Barbara Walters. He's good evening talk about a special delivery. The navy is finally The Memorial of course ", "weapon for picking -- the paparazzi. Old -- -- business that is. Memorial Day . Here is Barbara Walters. He's good evening talk about a special delivery. The navy -- is finally -- The Memorial -- -- ", "to be someone around you that says that's wrong. Reporter: From his most recent dust-up with the paparazzi, to his  memorial day  run-in with keyshawn johnson over how fast he was driving his ferrari, to being accused of battery by his neighbor, after ", 'wrong. Reporter: From his most recent dust-up with the paparazzi, to his memorial day run-in with keyshawn johnson over how fast he was driving his ferrari, to being accused of battery by his neighbor, after a ', 'circle around it. Sort of day where I dared to help the city see the potholes. Cheney says he started his pothole patrol  Memorial Day  and so far with the help of his girlfriend. Has 55 holes and Belle haven and finder and. We decided would just keep going ', 'see the potholes. Cheney says he started his -- -- pothole patrol Memorial Day and so far with the help of his girlfriend. Has -- 55 holes and Belle haven and finder and. We decided -- ', "to the u.S. Brazilian officials confiscating their passports, after the father went to court. The drama started after  memorial day . Haddon, who has full custody, was planning a three-week trip to brazil, with little ava. He hasn't seen her in ", "their passports, after the father went to court. The drama started after memorial day . Haddon, who has full custody, was planning a three-week trip to brazil, with little ava. He hasn't seen her in four years. ", 'stuff. Well you know the meaning of  Memorial Day . The meeting Mario games. Yes. It the necessary there meaning through.  Memorial Day  is the day that we remember the men and metal Pennsylvania. Specialist a  Memorial Day  however evidence suggests that it began ', "-- and stuff. Well you know the meaning of Memorial Day . The meeting -- Mario games. Yes. It actually -- secluded beach in drink a lot earlier today it's America stay the necessary there meaning through. Memorial Day is the day that we remember the men and women who died while serving in the armed forces. So everyone on the armed forces and go -- and apologize for office. Originally was called decoration day because he'd be decorations on the soldier's grave act when we were terrified at death is some controversy as to where the holiday started -- and metal -- -- Pennsylvania. Specialist a Memorial Day however evidence suggests that it began either in Warrenton Virginia or Savannah Georgia -- that like to say stop -- Memorial Day used to be on the same day every year however congress passed some kind of -- thingy that moved it to the last Monday -- May -- bill that create three day weekends at a problem for congress. Critics argued that since we moved the holiday to create a three day weekend -- actually lost touch of what holiday is all about. Street but may be excessive drinking and taking. These isn't your thing. What sort of other things can you do on Memorial Day well you could go -- what zawahri all our deep keeping class this near Memorial Day Atlanta on the tenth anniversary of -- breast. So maybe you can go -- nurse who. However -- -- big -- He ", "The long  Memorial Day  weekend kicks off the unofficial start enemy you can't see spring allergies  Memorial Day  is usually around opening for grass pollen tips for staying safe and having fun this  Memorial Day  weekend.", 'The long Memorial Day weekend kicks off the unofficial start of the summer but with that comes in seasonal hazards and here are some tips. To ', "home for -- Then there's the enemy you can't see spring allergies Memorial Day is usually around opening -- for grass pollen season pollen counts -- the highest in the mornings and don't be ashamed asleep ", 'you have five quick tips for staying safe and having fun this Memorial Day weekend. ', "away because it's so. Emily died of rocky mountain spotted fever she became gravely ill after being bitten by a take on  Memorial Day . While visiting family in Texas I never expected her not to come home. Her as a Black Mountain battalion chief Emily often ", 'fever she became gravely ill after being bitten by a take on Memorial Day . While visiting family in Texas I never expected her not to come home. Her -- as a Black Mountain battalion chief Emily ']