['fundraising effort during " Movember ," with the aim of creating awareness and support for  prostate cancer . Siobhain Fletcher was participating in " Movember ," the month-long He told me about \' Movember ,\' and in a spur of the ', 'Summit. French and 55 other dad bloggers raised $20,000 for men\'s cancer organizations last fall by participating in " Movember ," a male counterpart to breast cancer awareness month. French said he was happy to join none other than Bill O\'Reilly ', 'Inspired in part by "  Movember  ," a moustache-growing money and awareness for  prostate cancer  and other men\'s health let\'s be inspired by  Movember  and take this opportunity men who took part in  Movember  asked for pledges and ', 'participating in  Movember  can shave their  moustaches  in solidarity. Men participating in " Movember " grew  moustaches  -- or "mo\'s rename November " Movember ." "We all got were affected by  prostate cancer  , they decided ', "need to legitimizes so we can get away with that so we sort. But she's in the status as a Harry ribbons rice bonds. For  prostate cancer . Statistics say prostate cancers the most common non skin cancer in America affecting one in six men. And testicular cancer ", "she's in the status as a Harry ribbons rice -- bonds. For prostate cancer . Statistics say prostate cancers the most common non skin cancer in America affecting one in six men. And testicular cancer the most ", 'the eighties these  mustaches  are part of a campaign found their way to  prostate cancer . And discovered the diagnosis rates of  prostate cancer  are similar to that exactly and that you are  prostate cancer  survivor and graduates ', "so they looked in the causes and eventually found their way to prostate cancer . And discovered the diagnosis rates of prostate cancer are similar to that of breast cancer in women. So they send our kids let's do this. For men's health and caused -- to get the -- out exactly and that you are prostate cancer survivor and graduates testicular cancer and you were diagnosed at 24 -- -- testicular cancer actually is cancer that affects a lot "]