['that is. Happy  National Doughnut Day ! If you ate a today in honor of  National Doughnut Day , you have a few volunteers with the  Salvation Army  baked fresh donuts the frontlines.  National Doughnut Day  was created to ', 'Getty Images June 7 is  National Doughnut Day . Whether you\'re partial to so many of us. The  Salvation Army  established this sweet are being donated to The  Salvation Army  to the Oklahoma tornado will donate $1 to the  Salvation Army  for every new "Like ', 'Glazed Donut Breakfast Sandwich , coincides with  National Doughnut Day . Apart from that, however, the two creations what kind of outrageous thing we could do for  National Doughnut Day ." And outrageous it is: The Bomb is a doughnut ', 'holiday. The holiday was initially created by the  Salvation Army  to celebrate women who gave troops doughnuts during Entenmann\'s will donate $1 per person to the  Salvation Army  for anyone who "likes" their Facebook page through ', 'training when he was sixteen years old. If you get attendance today get yourself a small going to be a freedom and its  national donut day  obviously got to yes that. Precedent is powdered Boston cream and coconut cinnamon chocolate and jelly are among the best ', 'get yourself a small -- going to be a freedom and its national donut day obviously -- got to -- yes -- that. Precedent is powdered Boston cream and coconut cinnamon chocolate and jelly are among the ', 'dismiss this one consider the back story  national donut day  was established in 1938. By the  Salvation Army . As a way to honor the work of those the soldiers fighting World War I.  Salvation Army  personnel to pour oil in the helmet ', 'doughnut today. Now before you dismiss this one consider the back story national donut day was established in 1938. By the Salvation Army . As a way to honor the work of those who prepared donuts for the soldiers fighting World War I. Salvation Army personnel -- to pour oil in the helmet and actually fry the -- right there on the front lines. Today doughnut makers ', 'Instant Index: Jon Stewart Takes a Hiatus From the Daily Show to Direct a Movie.', "butting in. Stewart will be back after labor day. And it's  national doughnut day  today. Because of these women. During world war i, brave volunteers with the  salvation army  who baked fresh doughnuts and brought them to the soldiers on ", "me butting in. Stewart will be back after labor day. And it's national doughnut day today. Because of these women. During world war i, brave volunteers with the salvation army who baked fresh doughnuts and brought them to the soldiers on the front lines. And did you know that the dunking craze ", "moved out collaboration with Google the absolute top rising searches  national doughnut day  if you go to your local Krispy they'll give you a free one today. This is among the hottest rising search terms we've seen ", "-- moved out -- collaboration with Google the absolute top rising searches national doughnut day if you go to your local Krispy -- they'll give you a free one today. This is among the hottest rising search ", "Joining us upstairs it's sort of CEO our team Elliott I think it's probably good. How is he in again in advance of  national donut day  on Friday Dunkin' Donuts offering a grace. Things theoretically. Stop breakfast sandwich is doughnut Jesus. And their ", "it's probably -- good. How is he in again in advance of national donut day on Friday Dunkin' Donuts offering a grace. Things theoretically. Stop breakfast sandwich is doughnut -- -- Jesus. And their. I think early ", "got hold on America you eat I'll talk good. There's going to be part of the permanent menu starting on Friday with  national donut day  by the way it's creating quite a buzz Diana. There's a good. what I love about this is the glazed donut breakfast ", "going to be part of the permanent menu starting on Friday with national donut day by the way it's creating quite a buzz -- -- Diana. There's a good. -- what I love about this is the ", "sprint just set it like we should all I am I the only one who gets suspect if things like this when someone says. It's  national donut day . Org national marriage and I know where did that come from. is international just clearance in referring to a point seconds ", "one who gets suspect if things like this when someone says. It's national donut day . Org national marriage -- and I know where did that come from. -- is international just -- -- clearance in referring to "]