["the world this weekend marked the end of  Ramadan  a month of fasting prayer and reflection reporters to give us a sense of how the end of  Ramadan  is being celebrated a in Indonesia and nation. It's celebrating the end of  Ramadan . over the weekend fireworks lit up ", "for observers Muslims across the world this weekend marked the end of Ramadan a month of fasting prayer and reflection. We asked a pair of our new digital reporters to give us a sense of how the end of Ramadan is being celebrated a -- in Indonesia and in Kenya. -- I'm Margaret Connolly in Jakarta Indonesia the world's most populous Muslim nation. It's celebrating the end of Ramadan . -- over the weekend fireworks lit up. Prayers were dry -- through loudspeakers in mom you. The capital. -- the end of ", 'its residents have come here today to gather -- the end of Ramadan and to celebrate -- They come to hear prayer becomes -- -- -- -- -- -- and they come to it worshipped ', "This means acknowledging the oneness of god. Surrendering to it cooperating with the way things are an awful. I'm a Muslim. I Revere the same god as my Christian mother and my Jewish father. Paula is simply an Arabic word for the god of Abraham Moses and Jesus. I find the absence of priests and", "In Saudi Arabia Muslims are gathering for the it's the largest annual pilgrimage in the world security and safety are always an issue but this year. There's also a threat of Swine Flu that has got organizers working overtime Hassan is in Mecca. Brendan Kennedy the where officials are expecting us", "It's  Ramadan  the holy month of the Muslim calendar reflection and sacrifice. Well sort of during  Ramadan  Muslims fast during daylight hours no relax wood blocks of television. During  Ramadan  nighttime is prime viewing time households ", "It's Ramadan the holy month of the Muslim calendar more than one billion people mark the occasion. It's a time of prayer reflection and sacrifice. Well sort of during Ramadan Muslims fast during daylight hours no food no water no smoking so after sunset they go all out. Often at lavish buffets in five star hotels. And taking the time to relax wood blocks of television. During Ramadan nighttime is prime viewing time households are glued to the screen. An estimated 100 million people -- broadcaster NBC's ten channels alone. ", 'this day trace their lineage right back to abraham through ishmael. Every year millions of muslims make a pilgrimage called  the hajj  to the place they believe ishmael made his home, mecca is saudi arabia. Here, muslims also believe that abe lam came to ', 'abraham through ishmael. Every year millions of muslims make a pilgrimage called the hajj to the place they believe ishmael made his home, mecca is saudi arabia. Here, muslims also believe that abe lam came to ', "A month of  Ramadan  is coming to a close the most holy time for Muslims and reports from Abu Dhabi. also is part of the new  Ramadan . The fundamentals haven't changed during  Ramadan  fast for mourning tonight no food no water during daylight ", "A month of Ramadan is coming to a close the most holy time for Muslims. -- time for self reflection and worshipping god through prayer and fasting. But now some of the 14100 year old traditions are getting adjusted for modern technology. There is a tracking and reports from Abu Dhabi. -- also -- is part of the new Ramadan . The fundamentals haven't changed during Ramadan fast for mourning tonight no food no water during daylight hours -- a lot of work. Down the wrecked by the air ", "the famous late night soap operas that run during the holy month. Ramadan is the hottest season of the year for TV show's ratings go through the roof in prime time. His favorite line you ", 'comes together. Then bends down for prayer. Same as any month of Ramadan for over 14100. Years -- attraction ABC news out without. ', 'This weekend the holy month of  Ramadan  comes to an end and hundreds of thousands of Muslims. In the Palestinian territories are trying to pray and one of the holiest ', 'This weekend the holy month of Ramadan comes to an end and hundreds of thousands of Muslims. In the Palestinian territories are trying to pray and one of the ', "in Baghdad violence to struck near sundown is Muslims were preparing the meal that breaks the fast during the holy month of  Ramadan . The deadliest attacks the deadliest of Sunday's attacks occurred when it parked car bomb went off at a commercial complex ", "preparing the meal that breaks the fast during the holy month of Ramadan . The deadliest attacks the deadliest of Sunday's attacks occurred when it parked car bomb went off at a commercial complex as people ", "I'll help you get home until that night. He's on vacation. I I don't it's good that's valid continent away CNN  Ramadan . Movies like. tablet coming. You have on your iPhone 5 being told my stated in navy flag I yeah. What do you say we make ", "-- I don't -- -- it's good that's valid continent away CNN Ramadan . Movies like. -- -- -- -- -- -- tablet coming. You have on your iPhone 5 being told my stated in navy ", "How can you defeat them in aleppo? We have allah with us. He will send soldiers. Reporter: This is the holy month of  ramadan  when they fast all day. After sundown, they break the fast. The mood is light, not what you'd expect hours before the ", "us. He will send soldiers. Reporter: This is the holy month of ramadan when they fast all day. After sundown, they break the fast. The mood is light, not what you'd expect hours before the ", "them and love them and we have all along with us this is 21 year old Ali he will send soldiers. This is the holy month of  Ramadan  when most Muslims fast all day. After sundown break the fast the mood is light not what you'd expect hours before the big ", "old Ali he will send soldiers. This is the holy month of Ramadan when most Muslims fast all day. After sundown -- break the fast the mood is light not what you'd expect hours before ", "Damascus. As the Muslim holy month of  Ramadan  gets under way at the BBC's Mike wooldridge protests took out of the Muslim holy month of  Ramadan . Reports today you speak of the Syrian Syrian government continued to anywhere  Ramadan  provides a greater opportunity people ", "at least six people in Damascus. As the Muslim holy month of Ramadan gets under way at the BBC's Mike wooldridge report. Salute. The -- the city where president Bashar Assad pulls his. Could be making an all out to attempt to subdued protests took -- out of the Muslim holy month of Ramadan . Reports today you speak of the Syrian troops but bouncing flute therein harm but a protester gave this account of the latest ", "action has been much more elusive. The Syrian government continued to anywhere Ramadan provides a greater opportunity -- people together and challenge the ratio. In this climate the -- of performance that's most visible unmistakable ", "with her family from a dinner commemorating the holy month of  Ramadan  she was nice person. She never had solved any problems that and we're just visiting her family here in Bloomington for  Ramadan . I lived in for like about thirty years now. And never have ", 'walking with her family from a dinner commemorating the holy month of Ramadan she was nice person. She never had solved any problems that anyone her husband -- she pervades told investigators that three men ', "in Boston and we're just visiting her family here in Bloomington for Ramadan . I lived in -- for like about thirty years now. And never have I heard of a tragedy like this and especially ", 'American war Weinstein. persuaded guards to opening gate by saying they wanted to give them food and active sharing common during  Ramadan . Weinstein was snatched from his bedroom and thrown into a waiting car no group has claimed responsibility. If terrorist ', 'saying they wanted to give them food and active sharing common during Ramadan . Weinstein was snatched from his bedroom and thrown into a waiting car no group has claimed responsibility. If terrorist organizations. Extremists. Can ', 'sought to random streams. Activists support more than 200 people have been killed since Sunday. The Syrian forces launched a  Ramadan  crackdown in Hamas the hearts of the uprising. Syrian president Bashar is fighting for survival. He ignores worldwide condemnation ', '200 people have been killed since Sunday. The Syrian forces launched a Ramadan crackdown in Hamas the hearts of the uprising. Syrian president Bashar -- is fighting for survival. He ignores worldwide condemnation. Including now ', 'anniversary of their arrest He was thought to be a good moment. So was the Muslim tradition of pardoning prisoners the holy month of  Ramadan  which starts next week that Sarah told ABC news this week we have very high hopes this gives us hope that the trial will be ', 'was the Muslim tradition of pardoning prisoners -- the holy month of Ramadan which starts next week that Sarah told ABC news this week we have very high hopes this gives us hope that the ', "new faces come in the lawsuit also states one owner described Muslims waiting to break the fast during the holy observance of  Ramadan  is quote. Dogs waiting for their meal it's it's shocking actually. Then in the stage were still going through this fighting ", "described Muslims waiting to break the fast during the holy observance of Ramadan is quote. Dogs waiting for their meal it's it's shocking actually. Then in the stage were still going through this -- fighting ", 'his personal intervention. Wanting to show mercy on a woman also is a gift for the end of  Ramadan  which ended last week the Muslim holy month. Of  Ramadan . So he may want to be seen as a benevolent dictator in effect to show his power and remember ', 'mercy on a woman also is a gift for the end of Ramadan which ended last week the Muslim holy month. Of Ramadan . So he may want to be seen as a benevolent dictator in effect to show his power and remember he would still ']