['Woman Keeps Holiday Tradition Alive With 2,000 Ornaments, 46 Lawn Characters and 9 Christmas Trees', 'the home, rooms filled with more than 2,000 Christmas ornaments dangling from the ceiling, a 100-year-old  nativity scene  and nine elaborately decorated Christmas trees are enough to make people believe Santa himself lives there. "We\'ve ', "new arguments the pope, 85, makes in the book. He also says that, despite what most people think of as a typical  nativity scene , there were no animals present at Jesus' birth. The book is the final installment of Benedict's trilogy. The ", 'seeking the right to display a  nativity scene  in the same Santa Monica, Calif lawsuit today. The Santa Monica  Nativity  Scenes Committee filed suit after up his own display next to the  nativity scene . Atheist Damon Vix hung a sign ', "in different places in the country have been trashed by vandals this month. Grinches tossed the baby Jesus from a  nativity scene  onto a homeowner's driveway and battered other decorations in a subdivision in Milton, Ga. In Port Charlotte ", 'number of tongue-in-cheek  nativity  displays on a Virginia county Beside a Christmas tree and  creche  sits a large banner with a  nativity scene  in which baby Jesus has been display a Christmas tree and  creche  on the courthouse lawn, atheist ', "at once-innocuous  nativity  scenes and other religious courthouse lawn near a  nativity  display Wednesday afternoon the FFRF targeted a  nativity scene  display that's been com. In Texas, the  nativity scene  had been a part of the ", 'Foundation has taken offense with a  nativity scene  displayed outside a courthouse Committee has been putting up the  nativity scene  since 2002, and County Judge notified the committee that the  nativity scene  was in violation of federal law ', 'enhancements. She told ABC News that her customized sweaters have included battery-operated lights and even a sewn-on  Nativity scene . "If they\'re too common, too normal, I try to do something to uglify them," she said, laughing. This year ', 'tradition there that\'s linked into a certain reality," he said. Gibson added that the elements of the familiar  Nativity scene  made sense based on the historical and archeological data of the time. "If you were arriving in Bethlehem 2,000 ', 'baby Jesus and Mary were kidnapped from the traditional  nativity scene  , shocking the family and neighbors in the suburban track down baby Jesus." Morris said most thefts from  nativity  scenes are committed by people who either have malicious ', 'shows are a staple at the midwestern entertainment hub, Branson, Missouri, and even in New York City, a glittering  nativity scene  has been one of the highlights of the Radio City Christmas Spectacular for decades. In Orlando, a Bible-themed ', "New Jersey side of the Lincoln Tunnel that shows a  Nativity scene  and words in script reminiscent of Christmas cards has a winter solstice display set up next to a  nativity scene  on the grounds of the county court house. The group's ", "large Christmas tree, eight  nativity  scenes, a children's cookie-baking especially known for its staged  nativity scene , which is an ancient Czech tradition as well as the largest straw  nativity scene  in the world. The market also ", 'it up and then. Took quickly as he pulled. The was paid for by the freedom from religion foundation in place next to this  nativity  that we we received actually received a letter Monday. Requests in the procedure. That they would have to go through. To ', 'for by the freedom from religion foundation in place next to this nativity -- that we we received actually received a letter Monday. Requests in the procedure. That they would have to go through. To ', "At a time that celebrates the princess peaks this window display it only makes car in Benton who want to Total race. I mean I was so angry and interpretation of the holy mother and child gone any At a third street boutique wise women with shopping bags near provocative Mary in a mini dress I'm not.", "Somebody has taken. Something very precious from house. That hold some memories for us. They don't memories for anyone else but us. I don't hold any ill will to whoever did it I just want it back. will night I don't care.", "denver waits all year for jesus to come. Only to have him sinfully swept away. It means a lot to us to have this  nativity scene . It's, you know, to keep christ in christmas. Reporter: So, this year, the robinsons are boosting the only ", "sinfully swept away. It means a lot to us to have this nativity scene . It's, you know, to keep christ in christmas. Reporter: So, this year, the robinsons are boosting the only nishs of their god ", "got a free that airplane. Air marshals say this photo shows a supervisor whose idea of a joke was to jump into a  nativity scene  and the main square in Brussels Belgian. It's been an air marshals gone This is unprofessional. This is unacceptable ", "a supervisor whose idea of a joke was to jump into a nativity scene and the main square in Brussels Belgian. It's been an air marshals gone -- This is unprofessional. This is unacceptable. Now the ", "abductors but pleads for her safe return. Colorado woman says someone stole his statue of the virgin Mary from the need  nativity scene  she set up at her home. She says the statue has been missing for about two weeks she's been putting up flyers neighborhood ", "says someone stole his statue of the virgin Mary from the need nativity scene she set up at her home. She says the statue has been missing for about two weeks she's been putting up flyers ", "thinks it's funny. To steal the baby Jesus from a local  nativity  scenes of David write reports a growing number of churches that's our business and forgiveness after all is what the  nativity scene  is. And world news web casts David Wright ABC news.", "forgive room that's our business and forgiveness after all is what the nativity scene is. And world news web casts David Wright ABC news. "]