['Jimmer Fredette scored 26 points and Brandon Davies had 20 as No. 8 Brigham Young beat Wyoming 69-62 Wednesday night.With the temperature outside at 23 below, BYU (2...', "BYU basketball player Brandon Davies was dismissed from the nationally-ranked team for violating the school's honor code by having premarital sex, according to the S...", "BYU basketball player Brandon Davies came forward to report a school honor code violation: that he'd had sex with his girlfriend. For that, he was suspended from the...", 'Jimmer Fredette scored 34 points and Brandon Davies added 14 points and 15 rebounds to lead No. 7 BYU over Colorado State 84-76 on Wednesday night.Fredette and Davie...', "Brandon Davies is not just here in spirit for No. 8 BYU. He's here in person.The sophomore center who was suspended for violating the school's honor code by reported...", 'PittsburghPittsburgh, 27-5.Nickname: Panthers. Coach: Jamie Dixon .Conference: Big East. Bid: At large.Region: Southeast. Seed: No. 1.Tournament Record: 22-23, 22 ye...', "SALT LAKE CITY -- BYU's dreams of a deep run in the NCAA tournament may have taken a major blow Tuesday when the third-ranked Cougars dismissed starting forward Bran...", "Jimmer Fredette scored 22 points, Jackson Emery tied Danny Ainge as BYU's career steals leader, and the 15th-ranked Cougars beat Air Force 76-66 on Saturday.Noah Har...", 'Jimmer Fredette scored 21 points and Jackson Emery hit five 3-pointers to lead No. 9 BYU to an 83-67 victory over TCU on Tuesday night.The victory was the eighth str...', "There were plenty of boos raining down on Jimmer Fredette from the first sellout crowd in seven years at Colorado State's Moby Arena. Brigham Young's star guard answ...", 'Jimmer Fredette scored 43 points and ninth-ranked BYU beat No. 4 San Diego State 71-58 before a frenzied crowd Wednesday night, handing the Aztecs their first defeat...', 'Hometown hero Jimmer Fredette scored 26 points to lift No. 18 BYU past Vermont 86-58 on Wednesday night.A senior guard and AP preseason All-America who starred at Gl...', 'Jimmer Fredette had 33 points and nine rebounds to lead No. 18 Brigham Young to an 87-65 win over Arizona on Saturday.BYU (10-0) jumped out to a 12-4 lead, with Fred...', 'Freshman Tony Snell scored a career-high 16 points and had a strong defensive effort in the first half against BYU All-American Jimmer Fredette, helping New Mexico b...', 'John Wooden is gone, although his memory remains strong for the UCLA Bruins.Having already dedicated their season to the legendary coach, they wanted to win their ga...', 'Jimmer Fredette scored 23 points, fill-in starter Charles Abouo added 22 and No. 7 BYU pulled away late from rival Utah 72-59 on Saturday in their final regular-seas...', "One of the most-anticipated showdowns in this city's checkered sports history won't mean much if the No. 6 San Diego State Aztecs let Jimmer Fredette of the No. 7 BY...", "Missing eight shots and making just one in the first half didn't discourage Jimmer Fredette. He just kept on shooting until he got hot.Fredette shook off a sluggish ...", "BYU's dreams of a deep run in the NCAA tournament may have taken a major blow Tuesday when the third-ranked Cougars dismissed starting forward Brandon Davies from th...", 'Jimmer Fredette scored 39 points to lead No. 15 Brigham Young to an 89-77 win over 25th-ranked UNLV on Wednesday night in the Mountain West Conference opener.He hit ...']