["Zero is the number 6-foot-9 forward Brandon Davies wore before being booted off BYU's team this week for breaking the school's honor code.Does it now also represent ...", 'Jimmer Fredette scored 38 points and No. 3 BYU closed a tumultuous week with an easy 102-78 win over Wyoming on Saturday.Charles Abouo scored 21 of his 25 points in ...', 'Kawhi Leonard had 17 points and 12 rebounds, and No. 9 San Diego State beat Colorado State 66-48 on Saturday night to share the Mountain West Conference title with N...', 'Jimmer Fredette scored 24 points and No. 8 BYU overcame a slow start to edge TCU 64-58 in the Mountain West Conference quarterfinals Thursday.With suspended teammate...', 'Kawhi Leonard and Malcolm Thomas each had a double-double to help No. 7 San Diego State beat Utah 64-50 in the Mountain West Conference quarterfinals Thursday night,...', "Jimmer Fredette scored a career-high 52 points in No. 8 BYU's 87-76 win over nemesis New Mexico in the Mountain West Conference semifinals Friday night.The nation's ...", 'Billy White put on an offensive display and bedeviled national scoring leader Jimmer Fredette in leading No. 7 San Diego State past No. 8 BYU 72-54 Saturday night fo...', 'To those of us who have been predicting the outcome of NCAA tournaments since before there was a 3-point line or 35-second shot clock, the great news of the 2011 edi...', 'Welcome to Jimmer Time, the March Madness edition.From the White House to the Rocky Mountains and beyond, Jimmer Fredette of Brigham Young is capturing imaginations ...', 'Slowing down The Jimmer? It\'s possible.Stopping him altogether? Well, as the sign in the stands put it, "Fredette about it."Wofford used about every combination of d...', 'The game was decided, the clock ticking down and the Brigham Young fans were the ones doing the celebrating."Sweet 16! Sweet 16!" they shouted. Then, an even more fi...', "A look at this week's NCAA tournament regional semifinals (seeding in parentheses):EAST REGIONAL At Newark, N.J. Thursday(1) Ohio State vs. (4) KentuckyEverybody kne...", "Forward Brandon Davies expects to suit up next season for BYU despite missing this year's NCAA tournament run for violating the university's honor code.Carri Jenkins...", 'Facing Northern Iowa 7-footer Jordan Eglseder, 6-foot-10 forward Brice Massamaba reclaims starting spot in UNLV frontcourt. He has 15 starts this season, but 6-8 sen...', "Jacob Pullen's physical defense against BYU's Jimmer Fredette has landed him on the bench with four fouls with 6:20 left. He's held Fredette in check, though, with 1...", "We waste little time here at FOXSports.com, so we unveil our Ridiculously Early Preseason Top 25 for the 2010-11 campaign.We'll also make educated predictions with p...", "Now that the NCAA's deadline to withdraw from the NBA draft has come and gone, it's time to really get down to business and come up with a legitimate preseason Top 2..."]