['Dannel P. Malloy tied the state\'s tourist slogan, "Still Revolutionary," to the Charles W. Morgan, a  National Historic Landmark  and the world\'s last surviving wooden whaling ship celebrated on the 172nd anniversary of its original launch ', 'New London, Conn.; Newport, R.I.; Provincetown, Mass.; and Vineyard Haven, Mass. The ship, a  National Historic Landmark , made 37 voyages over 80 years starting in 1841 across every ocean in the world from the heyday to the waning ', "but wonderful greener options abound. Brookgreen Gardens is the country's first sculpture garden and a  National Historic Landmark ; also in Murrell's Inlet, it features a zoo, a butterfly house, hiking trails, picnic grounds and a bevy ", "oral accounts of the various collected stories, the work is being displayed at the Alice Austen House , the  National Historic Landmark  and Victorian home of one of America's earliest and most prolific female photographers, Alice Austen (1866 ", "Tower King Suites, comprised of two of the hotel's iconic red-roofed towers located at each end of the  National Historic Landmark , serving as separate living areas and sleeping rooms. From their room, guests will have mountain views of ", 'was donated to Seminole County by Sen. M.O. Overstreet in 1927 and was dedicated by Calvin Coolidge as a  national historic landmark  two years later. Beyond the history of the tree, The Senator was a part of the culture of the area. On the ', 'is 87 and lives in Tennessee, and Harrison Ruffin Tyler, 84, who lives on Sherwood Forest Plantation, a  national historic landmark  in Virginia. In the past two decades, one or two presidential kids have been the norm. But the 2012 GOP baby ', 'was donated to Seminole County by Sen. M.O. Overstreet in 1927 and was dedicated by Calvin Coolidge as a  national historic landmark  two years later. Beyond the history of the tree, The Senator was a part of the culture of the area. "I heard ', 'Old West town of Deadwood , which became an economic hub after gold was discovered there in 1876, is now a  national historic landmark  known for its gambling halls and Wild West history. Its downtown area has been meticulously restored with turn-of-the-century ', "is modeled after the 16th century chateaux Blois, Chenonceaux and Chambord in France's Loire Valley. The  National Historic Landmark  is the largest private residence in North America and simply awe-inspiring. The grounds of the original 125 ", 'California State Historical Resources Commission is part of a five-state effort to have Tranquility Base become a  national historic landmark  and then a world heritage site. The designation applies to everything left there by astronauts Neal Armstrong ', 'been various suggestions for the island, including building a casino or opening a new prison., Alcatraz is a  national historic landmark  and part of a national park, designations that make it difficult to alter. "In order for Alcatraz to be taken ', 'Mackinac Island, a  national historic landmark , is known for delicious fudge, biking and hiking.', "Rockefeller Joseph Pulitzer. We can some Vanderbilt. The Jekyll island club house is the heart of the club  national historic landmark  there. And it's really leading. Historic preservation sites in the southeast. Being an aside what this ", "Jekyll island club house is the heart of the -- -- club national historic landmark there. And it's really -- leading. Historic preservation sites in the southeast. Being an aside what this really helps people feel on "]