['who snuck off to visit his  mistress . Though his staffers tried Justice Clarence Thomas Here  Newt Gingrich  Gingrich was charged with politician had requested an " open marriage ." While Gingrich denied wife Callista while still  married  to Ginther. Alongside Callista ', 'times per year and had an  open marriage . Parker said her father lived lifestyle, with a live-in  mistress , but seemed to have no means lied about who he was and had  married  MacLaine for her money. When bit parts in "Peggy Sue Got  Married " and "Back to the Future ', 'relationships just weeks before her murder. Bashara\'s attorney told reporters at the time that Bob and Jane Bashara had an  open marriage . David Griem, Bashara\'s lawyer, said that an "alternative lifestyle" did not incriminate Bashara in the murder ', 'second endorsement.  Newt Gingrich  For his second endorsement Florida before one of  Newt Gingrich \'s speeches to announce enthusiastically endorse[s]  Newt Gingrich  for the president of he asked her for an " open marriage ." When Cain endorsed ', 'When  Newt Gingrich  officially suspends his campaign today exchanges. "Our storybook farewell to  Newt Gingrich \'s campaign," reads the introduction presidential candidate had asked her for an  open marriage  . "The destructive, vicious, negative ', 'about how she dares to ask about such taboo topics.  Open Marriage  with Kids: With one in two marriages ending in divorce 20/20? profiles two couples who are living the  open marriage  lifestyle while raising kids and growing old together ', 'repellent. But for two  married  couples -- with children Rio\'s definition of an  open marriage  was fairly precise family," she said.  Open Marriage : It\'s (Even More David, 43. They have an  open marriage , too, and are parents ', 'bedside. The couple once avowed their  open marriage  -- he fathered a child with their Gees. "Almost as soon as they got  married , Robin moved to America and they were 12 and 10. By then, he had  married  Dwina Gibb, his second wife, whom ', "Newt Gingrich  is battered and his fundraisers are bruised, but the former ex-wife, in which she told ABC News Gingrich had asked her for an  open marriage  (he has now been  married  three times), couldn't derail his momentum . Gingrich won ", 'cases like this, Wish said she asks the spouse what kind of an arrangement she had with her husband: "Was it an  open marriage ? You don\'t know and you can\'t assume that it\'s as devastating to her as to you or me. We should keep our assumptions ', 'husband, "I just feel a little sad." Hudson, who was  married  to Hawn from 1976 to 1980, claims that after they split kids. He says the real story is Hawn wanted to have an  open marriage  and ran off with French actor Yves Renier, when Oliver ', 'Michigan police raided the home of Bob Bashara \'s alleged  mistress  today, searching for clues in the murder of of Bashara\'s David Griem, called the Bashara\'s relationship an " open marriage " after another woman also came forward claiming that ', 'sadomasochism club below a bar he owned called the Hard Luck Lounge. Griem has said he believes Bob Bashara had an  open marriage . A Detroit dominatrix has said Bob Bashara was a "master" who would take charge during S&M sessions. Bashara ', "of the house  Newt Gingrich  is surging in precedent.  Marianne Gingrich  is  married  to he was still  married  to I found that a wife and a  mistress . I said to him. we've been  married  a long time asking to have an  open marriage  and I refused. He wanted an  open marriage  that I accept ", "does not believe Gingrich as the moral character necessary to be precedent. Marianne Gingrich is married to nude for eighteen years when he Astor for a divorce. It started with a phone call. At my mother's house and -- asked for divorce. And on the phone on the phones and he said I want and reports. I said is that somebody else. And with quiet. And I knew. Now twelve years later Marianne Gingrich is talking on television for the first time. I kind of January surprise for her ex husband he faces a crucial presidential primary in South Carolina the -- If he's running for president he -- -- -- You know his secrets. You know -- skeletons I know some of them. Gingrich is now married to that somebody else the other woman Calista. Devout Catholic who is -- she was -- mistress for some six years while he was still married to -- I found that during our conversations. But it was occurring in my bedroom in our apartment in Washington. And he ", "an arrangement under which she could have both a wife and a mistress . I said to him. -- we've been married a long time. And he said. Yes but you want me all to yourself. Calista doesn't care what -- you know. Who was saying to use it while he was asking to have an open marriage and I refused. He wanted an open marriage -- that I accept the fact that he he has somebody else that has. And you said. Now. Now. That is -- ", "You've been  married  the same man Steve part of some 26 years. We have a very. Well with three times a year happen. We've upgraded deep friendship when we  married  each other we recognized neither of us wanted to conventional marriage ", "You've been married the same man Steve part of some 26 years. We have -- a very. -- Well with three times a year -- happen. We've upgraded deep friendship when we married each other we recognized neither of us wanted to conventional marriage. We did not want to be tied down but we recognize ", "doesn't care what who was Hussein do you think it probably was asking to have an open Mary and I refused. He wanted an  open marriage  that I accept the fact that he he had somebody else and has. And you said. Now. Now. That is", 'asking to have an open Mary and I refused. He wanted an open marriage that I accept the fact that he he had somebody else and has. And you said. Now. Now. That is -- -- ', "As you know you're your domestic situation is always this sort of mystery. Yeah there is some mix of but sabathia people like to believe all sorts of magical ideas. So you you have. Twin children and grandchildren whose father is a beloved uncle John. I've not lived with both Japanese. And for the", 'that the couple actually had an  open marriage . And Andrea canning is here with control that the couple had an  open marriage . In this new T interview one of grown exponentially since they were  married  remember. When they started he ', "the highest paid woman. It's worth has grown exponentially since they were married remember. When they started he was just that guy from That '70s -- but now he's had hit movies he's on Two ", "yeah. I don't think she's saying yes we have an  open marriage  I think she's saying we respect each other he makes us having open communication maybe not necessarily an  open marriage  I think that's a bit of a stretch of the All right ", "like -- yeah. I don't think she's saying yes we have an open marriage I think she's saying we respect each other he makes his own decisions we are still individuals and there's nothing wrong without us having open communication maybe not necessarily an open marriage I think that's a bit of a stretch of the -- All right and real quick let me tell you about -- ", "a definite source of pain for me, still. Reporter: Maclaine and parker had an  open marriage  and saw each other just two or three times a year. When we  married  each other, we recognized neither of us ed a conventional marriage. We didn't ", "source of pain for me, still. Reporter: Maclaine and parker had an open marriage and saw each other just two or three times a year. When we married each other, we recognized neither of us ed a conventional marriage. We didn't want to be tied down. Reporter: And neither of "]