["As holidays go,  Flag Day  doesn't get much respect. It doesn't get the fireworks of Memorial Day. Heck, chances are you don't even get  Flag Day  off. In that sense,  Flag Day  is kind of like Puerto Rico, and the District of Columbia ", 'military families at a picnic on the White House lawn. Also in 1998, Congress passed a bill declaring the 21 days between  Flag Day  and Independence Day as "Honor America Days," encouraging Americans to celebrate their country for nearly a solid month ', 'Speech, Rinse, Repeat in Ohio, T-Paw Returns, The War on Catfish, Giant Cupcake Tank (PM Note)', "Center this afternoon with Romney's rival, President Obama. http://abcn.ws/L7z4Il (Shushannah Walshe) Happy  Flag Day  - Here's a cool infographic - What country is the top importer of American flags? http://abcn.ws/M7Jdm0 Happy ", "Here's a Qwiki mid-day look at what we're clicking on in politics: Play the Qwiki: 6 Political Clicks -  Flag Day  and a Buckeye Battle //", "ABC News' Jake Tapper Reports: At a  Flag Day  rally in Wilmington, Del., today, former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani, the Republican presidential frontrunner, implicitly ", 'Stonyfield Farm with Gov. John Lynch (D-NH). Gov. Vilsack will also dine with Manchester City Democrats at their annual  Flag Day  dinner. Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice addresses the Southern Baptist Convention messengers at their annual meeting ', 'Farm in New Hampshire with Gov. John Lynch (D-NH) before dining with the Manchester City Democrats at its annual  Flag Day  Dinner in Manchester, NH. On Thursday, the House will debate a resolution on Iraq on Thursday. House Republicans have ', 'The Note: The Last Time a New York Times Poll Write-up Was Positive for Republicans Was . . .', "as to not get scooped by Novak!!) The Los Angeles Times ' Elizabeth Mehren Notes Romney's appearance today at the  Flag Day  dinner of the Republican Party of Orange County, CA. LINK Romney also gets New York Times ink on the same-sex marriage ", 'The Note: The Last Time a New York Times Poll Write-up Was Positive for Republicans Was . . .', "as to not get scooped by Novak!!) The Los Angeles Times ' Elizabeth Mehren Notes Romney's appearance today at the  Flag Day  dinner of the Republican Party of Orange County, CA. LINK Romney also gets New York Times ink on the same-sex marriage ", "for breakfast over issues; and Wesley Clark will get his morning coffee while he keynotes the Democratic Committee's  Flag Day  breakfast on Sunday. LINK 2008: Democrats: Jane Norman of the Des Moines Register keeps a close eye on Indiana Sen ", "DiStaso also Notes that Clark will be in New Hampshire on June 12 for the Manchester City Democratic Committee's annual  Flag Day  fund-raiser, and Gov. Bill Richardson (D-NM) will keynote the next Politics and Eggs breakfast on June 7. House ", "This half hour if of course is  Flag Day  and before we all on the line let's remind. Let's take a look back at the and that was from the president's state of the ", "This half hour if of course is Flag Day and before we all on the line let's remind. Let's take a look back at the -- and that was from the ", "be very But. People who won't be without the international distorted apparently on ninety first 1983. Was known as  Flag Day . And I won't dazzle you with all the stuff but it granted Defense Department scenario and that. what it is today ", "international distorted apparently on ninety -- -- first 1983. Was known as Flag Day . And I won't dazzle you with all the stuff but it granted -- Defense Department scenario and that. -- what it is "]