["A Florida woman who was sentenced to 20 years in prison for firing what she says was a warning shot is appealing her conviction, as the law on which she's based her defense comes under fire.", 'The deaths of two people at a scenic overlook in northern Arizona this week bring to 14 the number of people killed by lightning strikes in the U.S. this year, according to the National Weather Service. Many of the victims were enjoying summertime activities like sightseeing, boating, camping and fi', 'A divided House voted down an amendment that would have defunded the program used to collect data from private phone records. Sen. Bill Nelson, D-Fla., discusses. ', 'In Florida, the not-guilty verdict in the George Zimmerman trial is shining a brighter spotlight on the case of Marissa Alexander, who was sentenced to 20 years in prison for firing a warning shot into the air. While Alexander used the Stand Your Ground law in her defense, and Zimmerman did not, her', 'President Barack Obama renewed his push for the middle class, challenging Republicans to put up their own ideas instead of trying to knock down his. Amy Holmes, anchor of "Real News" for The Blaze and Rep. Patrick Murphy, D-Pa., discuss.', 'U.S. President Barack Obama speaks inside the main warehouse at the Jacksonville Port in Florida', 'U.S. President Barack Obama speaks about the U.S. economy inside the main warehouse at the Jacksonville Port in Florida, July 25, 2013. REUTERS/Larry Downing', 'U.S. President Barack Obama gestures inside the main warehouse at the Jacksonville Port in Florida', 'U.S. President Barack Obama gestures while he speaks about the U.S. economy inside the main warehouse at the Jacksonville Port in Florida, July 25, 2013.      REUTERS/Larry Downing  (UNITED STATES - Tags: POLITICS)', 'U.S. President Barack Obama waves inside the main warehouse at the Jacksonville Port in Florida', 'U.S. President Barack Obama waves as he walks out to speak about the U.S. economy inside the main warehouse at the Jacksonville Port in Florida, July 25, 2013.      REUTERS/Larry Downing  (UNITED STATES - Tags: POLITICS)']