["planted itself on an area stretching from Texas to Minnesota. Creating a roller coaster ride of crazy weather on this  first day of spring  and ABC's meteorologist ginger Headed out last night to watch for tornadoes she's in temple Texas now. Cars ", "to Minnesota. Creating a roller coaster ride of crazy weather on this first day of spring and ABC's meteorologist ginger -- Headed out last night to watch for tornadoes she's in temple Texas now. Cars submerged. Rivers in ", 'Spring begins in the Northern Hemisphere when the days are getting longer gaining more than three minutes of sunlight each most of the US. And what and so Malaysian goes you can take an instead and today and only today. Or maybe not it all has to do with the angle of the earth to the of the', "and South Korea the most testing so the absolute numbers appear higher. And now we turn to new day in America the  first day of spring  though for millions of us that doesn't feel like it at all there's a picture that says that all the snow surrounding ", "appear higher. And now we turn to new day in America the first day of spring though for millions of us that doesn't feel like it at all there's a picture that says that all the snow surrounding ", 'proposals picked the Vernal equinox which is today the  first day of spring . Because equal days of day and night we thought air national Mosul Baghdad and also Dallas is the  first day of spring  hobbling on. And we want to thank you as almost ', 'to marriage proposals -- picked the Vernal equinox which is today the first day of spring . Because -- equal days of day and night we thought it was like an equal time -- art at the that helps ', "-- fireworks fly air national Mosul Baghdad and also Dallas is the first day of spring hobbling on. And -- we want to thank you as almost two -- we'll -- here 9 AM eastern daylight. ", 'Winter officially ends tonight tomorrow the  first day of spring . But as so many of us know this is spring gone wild overnight twisters were telling through the heartland. In the east more than ', 'Winter officially ends tonight tomorrow the first day of spring . But as so many of us know this is spring gone wild overnight twisters were telling through the heartland. In the east ', "We're less than a month away from that  first day of spring  but for any of you hope that the worst to winner has already passed mother message today is who are you kidding. Tonight a single ", "We're less than a month away from that first day of spring but for any of you -- -- hope that the worst to winner has already passed mother -- message today is who ", "passed tell us what you think by taking on Nightline page at abcnews.com. Or any time on the Nightline. On this  first day of spring  that's our report for tonight before but the city's news. Great weekend.", "Nightline page at abcnews.com. Or any time on the Nightline. On this first day of spring that's our report for tonight before but the city's news. Great weekend. ", "inches of snow on the ground. But it's really about the timing of this storm it adds insult to injury. Snow on the  first day of spring . It's smart to anything can happen it's March Madness and a warm welcome thousands of basketball fans expected ", "timing of this storm it adds insult to injury. Snow on the first day of spring . It's smart to anything can happen it's March Madness and -- -- -- a warm welcome thousands of basketball fans expected. When ", "to work. First Lady Michelle Obama welcomed the  first day of spring  with a ground breaking up her new garden on the South 2009. People are sick of the coal and it is the  first day of spring  but you wouldn't know what here in New York City ", "are you ready get to work. First Lady Michelle Obama welcomed the first day of spring with a ground breaking up her new garden on the South Lawn of the White House. Maybe don't know that it's. Mr. ", "-- 2009. People are sick of the coal and it is the first day of spring but you wouldn't know what here in New York City a dusting of snow. Fell on the city this morning and it ", 'thought his being. But at the time I was convinced it would be a distraction to the audience so I wore a wig on It is  first day of spring  this old wanna make sure we. Reflect do you want us to have fun yes. From seven until nine. My chain put Humpty ', 'to the audience so I wore a wig on -- It is first day of spring this old wanna make sure we. Reflect do you want us to have fun yes. From seven until nine. My chain put ', "thought But at the time I was convinced it would be a distraction to the audience so I wore a wig on the air it is  first day of spring . It doesn't wanna make sure we. What you want it to have yes from seven until nine. My chain put Humpty Dumpty ", "the audience so I wore a wig on the air it is first day of spring . It doesn't wanna make sure we. What you want it to have yes from seven until nine. My chain put Humpty Dumpty ", "I'd be. But at the time I was convinced it would be a distraction to the audience so I wore a wig on the air its  first day of spring . Yeah is wanna make sure we. Reflect that even though trading in New York you you want us to have fun yes. Okay ", 'to the audience so I wore a wig on the air its first day of spring . Yeah is -- wanna make sure we. Reflect that even though trading in New York you you want us to have fun ', "New York royko Bolivia. Next up is our collaboration with Google and among today's top rising searches is the  first day of spring . Clearly there are a lot of folks tired of winter and they are jumping the gun but only by a day or so the Vernal ", "our collaboration with Google and among today's top rising searches is the first day of spring . Clearly there are a lot of folks tired of winter and they are jumping the gun but only by a day or ", 'hard to tell why some schools and Posey county canceled tomorrow. In parts of Ohio families barely survived the  first day of spring  we actually are all all went well with the boat. The first opportunity. In eureka Missouri bill Ford family managed ', 'county -- canceled tomorrow. In parts of Ohio families barely survived the first day of spring we actually are all all went well with the boat. The first opportunity. In eureka Missouri bill Ford family managed to stave ', 'This is the  first day of spring  and we celebrate this as a season of rebirth and renewal and ironically. There may be no better place to see it and and a country ', 'This is the first day of spring and we celebrate this as a season of rebirth and renewal and ironically. There may be no better place to see it ', "The  first day of spring  asks you can go and other. We're not talking about the house we're talking about you what you carry this is actually new technology ", "The first day of spring asks you can go -- and other. We're not talking about the house we're talking about you what you carry this is "]