["to do with  New Year ' s  the first toast on  New Year ' s Eve . We found Who said  New Year ' s Day  now is the make your  resolutions . Next week The next  New Year ' s  search all And finally  New Year ' s Eve  party games Guess my  resolution .", "might expect many of today's -- rising -- have to do with New Year's -- -- the first -- new year quotes. Perhaps people looking for something to say if they have to give a toast on New Year's Eve. We found many -- end of the year -- some flooding when that we sort of like from Mark Twain. Who said New Year's Day now is the accepted time to make your resolutions . Next week you can Begin paving hell with them. As usual. The next New Year's search all anxiety often -- -- anthem whose words few really know. For the rest of the lyrics well you'll just have to look them up on Google. And finally New Year's Eve party games is rising we look them up and our favorite. Guess my resolution . ", "make them, those  new year ' s resolutions  to get into shape perennial top two  resolutions  are increasing exercise experts say keep those  resolutions  small and think about you get from that  new year ' s day  announcement to friends ", "Many of us try to make them, those new year's resolutions to get into shape, to save more money. But tonight, abc's matt gutman with a stunning number. Just how many weeks do we last? Three, two, one -- happy new year! Reporter: No sooner had the newier's ball dropped and up popped jessica simpson, one of the very first ads of a new year. When a weight loss program is built for human nature, can you expect amazing. Reporter: Our resolutions more personal. About 40% of americans make these promises. I was going to try to be nicer to my brother. Not complaining as much. Take more risks in life. Reporter: By some counts, a third of these promises are broken before the end of january. Not so amazing. The perennial top two resolutions are increasing exercise and decreasing our weight. It's a $66 billion a year industry. They continue with the programs they start? There ", "of all women plan on making a  New Year ' s resolution  this year even though only a small actually follow through with your  resolutions . At the top of the to do list of the top three most popular  New Year ' s resolutions  for women. In those ", "a recent poll almost half of all women plan on making a New Year's resolution this year even though only a small percentage of you will actually follow through with your resolutions At the top of the to do list this year is losing weight no surprise there. But -- shift your focus away ", "not Think about. Clean up my.  New Year ' s resolutions . What do everything that is definitely more happy here this year's  resolution . Is going to be And it continues blowing past  resolutions . My  New Year ' s . You really don't I want quit ", "that Albania -- and not -- Think about. Clean up my. -- New Year's resolutions . What do everything that -- is definitely save more money for any language heard is to learn a musical history. My -- just listen and take more -- happy here this year's resolution . Is going to be -- -- -- And it continues to burn down at it and -- Where. -- -- a who's ", "-- More -- especially in my heart. Here is keep blowing past resolutions . My New Year's . You really don't I want quit smoking last year -- late last year I think I'm are. Why is Mike Webster online. ", "excuses you know we're predominantly letter even and  New Year ' s  Dayton. And you do to now. And so wearing open parameters you'll see what has about. And that's the good news  resolution  that. Too often we see the major change that we need ", "today every day. No excuses you know we're predominantly letter even and New Year's Dayton. And you do to now. And so wearing open parameters a great way trying to 101000 steps today. But -- -- ", "hours to firm up your  New Year ' s resolutions  do that. Back relax world's biggest  New Year ' s  fashion you're cordially invited.  New Year ' s Eve  in Times Square Patterns of course  New Year ' s  would be new news ", "I'm really happy about forty hours to firm up your New Year's resolutions -- do that. Back relax if your coffee. But show you -- goes into making Times Square the hottest ticket in town sparkling new UC. It's the world's biggest New Year's fashion you're cordially invited. -- New Year's Eve in Times Square. The made for TV holiday tradition that spans generations from guy Lombardo to the legendary Dick Clark to ", "season of  resolutions . Where people important  resolution . Starting It's  New Year ' s Eve  and it's time for  resolutions . And it Clearly her her  New Year ' s resolution  needs to John Edwards  resolutions  it to mimic ", "to win -- over John Edwards and Barack Obama. Clearly her her New Year's resolution needs to be to inject a little more enthusiasm and excitement into this closing argument. As Rick was saying there is the ", "have some  New Year ' s resolutions  I think every parent for joining So these  resolutions  we are going to commit wayside like your diet  resolution  yeah exactly so I think important way to get these  resolutions  I just want to quickly ", "-- have some New Year's resolutions I think every parent should we commitments that well not only make you feel better in the new year -- Promise more family time and of course that means happier. So joining us is Deborah school actually is the senior editor of Parenting Magazine and thank you so much for joining -- So these -- resolutions we are going to commit to right. -- are we're gonna start with one of the most important which is to spend more time with your -- Something that we all wish we had done in 2000 and on top white. -- I think it's one of those things that everybody talks about in you know -- start here saying that they wish they would spend my time together and then. You know a few months later they -- -- caused by the wayside like your diet resolution yeah exactly so I think you know what are some of the ways and that we can make this happen under different ", "losing weight on the top two  New Year ' s resolutions  that are made. And broken straight continued to keep their  resolution  to the best the ones that five easy ways to make your  New Year ' s resolutions  stick.", "Good Morning America exercise and losing weight on the top two New Year's resolutions that are made. And broken every year so we've got to strategies to keep you on the right track -- just tell yourself you may get a months. Researchers found that those who showed up for five weeks straight continued to keep their resolution to the best -- -- the ones that you actually stick to and for most people. That's only thirty minutes go -- to abcnews.com slash GMA and I'll tell you five easy ways to make your New Year's resolutions stick. ", "Milton color was one of the first BB employees outlast  New Year ' s Day . Trying to deal with what has been the lips. Nearly brained idea to try and recreate what happened last  New Year ' s Day . By shooting off commercial grade fireworks for ABC ", "-- -- Milton color was one of the first BB employees outlast New Year's Day. Trying to deal with what has been -- -- the -- lips. Nearly twelve months later -- says Steele doesn't make ", "has the bird brained idea to try and recreate what happened last New Year's Day. By shooting off commercial grade fireworks for ABC news on Rodgers is it. ", "because I'm This year's  resolutions  were need to be made an inmate wrote in my  resolutions  are. The first is to feel that so. Much that  resolution  if not rarely done where the countries on my  resolution  is that you problem ", "as a -- hey well it's not because I'm -- This year's resolutions were need to be made an inmate wrote in my resolutions are. The first is to. Enter the spirit and exercise actually for the first time is furious civility and bipartisanship and lacking this year -- well you -- -- Eight and the second one. Also for congress. Is to get serious about long. Deficit and debt and I feel that so. Much -- that resolution if not -- rarely done. I'm oh. Washington the Washington. Basically start to believe in the American people where they are no longer think that Republicans -- That decision noted that the majority country want Washington -- and much more realistic. Bipartisan way which Washington. He's just but that's where the countries on my resolution is that you -- -- problem. Hey -- it's not. That it at -- regarding -- ", "since we just back from our  New Year ' s  break. There are moments of the  New Year ' s  break and I do think we all he went to see me actually a  New Year ' s Day  and  New Year ' s  we went out for a nice little ", "favorite moments in the morning however since we just back from our New Year's break. There are moments of the New Year's break and I do think we all need to turn our eyes once more back to meet yummy. Sao -- -- reunion ", "and your husband I assume he went to see me actually a New Year's Day and New Year's -- we went out for a nice little tennis classic no life sentence. What -- so sad that's -- you didn't know. ", "temperature for 38 days. The numbers going up to 22 around  new year ' s day . New york city by that time, mid week, below freezing too. Then look at one more thing,  new year ' s eve . Atlanta 47, look at new york, times square 35 ", "low temperature for 38 days. The numbers going up to 22 around new year's day. New york city by that time, mid week, below freezing too. Then look at one more thing, new year's eve. Atlanta 47, look at new york, times square 35. Chicago will be around 24. Rain and snow only in the northern ", "the story of station. From the lips of Michael B Jordan and Octavia Spencer. Oscar grant it was. 22 years old and  New Year ' s Eve  2008. Going into 2009. Which mother's birthday and he was killed by a Bart police officer. He was lying and prone ", "Jordan and Octavia Spencer. Oscar grant it was. 22 years old and New Year's Eve 2008. Going into 2009. Which -- -- mother's birthday and he was killed by a Bart police officer. He was lying ", "the defeat. Raucous raw jubilation goes to the ticketer. Tahrir square has the look and feel of times square on  new year ' s eve . Millions believing this is another new step on the journey towards democracy in egypt. Interim president adly mansour ", "ticketer. Tahrir square has the look and feel of times square on new year's eve. Millions believing this is another new step on the journey towards democracy in egypt. Interim president adly mansour. He was hand ", "the new year it's a good bet that many of us have made a  resolution  or two about money. If you're going to try to get your be paying and GAAP financial crisis or not the number one  resolution  received you have people saying every year as I wanna get ", "year it's a good bet that many of us have made a resolution or two about money. If you're going to try to get your financial house in order next year we've got three solutions ", "to be paying and GAAP financial crisis or not the number one resolution received you have people saying every year as I wanna get out of debt this year hopefully they'll be able to -- ", "he was fatally shot by a police officer bell station and Oakland California in the early morning hours. seeds and  New Year ' s Day  2009. Oscars mom Wanda convinced her son to take the train that night because she thought. It would be Links tonight ", "station and Oakland California in the early morning hours. -- seeds and New Year's Day 2009. Oscars mom Wanda convinced her son to take the train that night because she thought. It would be -- -- ", "York concede the  New Year ' s  ball any time temperatures on  New Year ' s Eve  just catch a a week after  New Year ' s Day . They care halfway that's only for  New Year ' s Eve  but it will be picture this  New Year ' s Eve  ball with ", "step in to 2009. But now visitors to New York concede the New Year's ball any time of the year Stephanie side reports. It's the quintessential symbol of the new year a six times a year shimmering with crystals and thousands of flights. Descending on a massive mesmerized crowd on New York's Times Square. People wait for hours in frigid temperatures on New Year's Eve just -- catch a glimpse of it. And so it was a little odd seeing the ball go back up a week after New Year's Day. They care halfway up the -- it will stay for the rest of the year on a permanent perks for all -- Enjoy it gets is a good change because for people like us heating get a chance to be here doing new years and we get just see the ball so no never get Siena they. You get to see it go up and down that's only for New Year's Eve but it will be -- every night just like the Empire State Building. When you make your trip to new York Times Square you're gonna take back home picture this New Year's Eve ball with 2009 underneath -- -- say that's right wasn't 2009 for my vacation. I climbed and dozens of stories to ", "So many of us preparing  New Year ' s resolutions  especially to get in shape. We end tonight with This is the time we want people think about  New Year ' s resolutions . Losing weight and doing more exercise. You ", "So many of us preparing New Year's resolutions especially to get in shape. We end tonight with a little inspiration are Terry McCarthy is in California tonight with the story ", "opinion back out. This is the time we want people think about New Year's resolutions . Losing weight and doing more exercise. You now have time to get out every day. From mark Covert says the secret is "]