["At a time that celebrates the princess peaks this window display it only makes car in Benton who want to Total race. I mean I was so angry and interpretation of the holy mother and child gone any At a third street boutique wise women with shopping bags near provocative Mary in a mini dress I'm not.", "Somebody has taken. Something very precious from house. That hold some memories for us. They don't memories for anyone else but us. I don't hold any ill will to whoever did it I just want it back. will night I don't care.", "denver waits all year for jesus to come. Only to have him sinfully swept away. It means a lot to us to have this  nativity scene . It's, you know, to keep christ in christmas. Reporter: So, this year, the robinsons are boosting the only ", "sinfully swept away. It means a lot to us to have this nativity scene . It's, you know, to keep christ in christmas. Reporter: So, this year, the robinsons are boosting the only nishs of their god ", "got a free that airplane. Air marshals say this photo shows a supervisor whose idea of a joke was to jump into a  nativity scene  and the main square in Brussels Belgian. It's been an air marshals gone This is unprofessional. This is unacceptable ", "a supervisor whose idea of a joke was to jump into a nativity scene and the main square in Brussels Belgian. It's been an air marshals gone -- This is unprofessional. This is unacceptable. Now the ", "abductors but pleads for her safe return. Colorado woman says someone stole his statue of the virgin Mary from the need  nativity scene  she set up at her home. She says the statue has been missing for about two weeks she's been putting up flyers neighborhood ", "says someone stole his statue of the virgin Mary from the need nativity scene she set up at her home. She says the statue has been missing for about two weeks she's been putting up flyers ", "thinks it's funny. To steal the baby Jesus from a local  nativity  scenes of David write reports a growing number of churches that's our business and forgiveness after all is what the  nativity scene  is. And world news web casts David Wright ABC news.", "forgive room that's our business and forgiveness after all is what the nativity scene is. And world news web casts David Wright ABC news. ", "I'm Alex. When they're not entertaining the public on the streets. Yeah it was the camels are part of the live  nativity scene  during radio city music calls Christmas spectacular. brooks is their handler. It's very important that they have ", "Yeah it was -- -- the camels are part of the live nativity scene during radio city music calls Christmas spectacular. -- brooks is their handler. It's very important that they have you know -- and ", "national tree. Not hasn't always gone off without a hitch. On one occasion. To she'd left the safety of the  nativity scene  and wandered into rush hour traffic. some commotion. Often the ceremony itself has reflected the pain and sacrifice ", "a hitch. On one occasion. To she'd left the safety of the nativity scene and wandered into rush hour traffic. -- -- some commotion. Often the ceremony itself has reflected the pain and sacrifice of the ", "national tree. Not hasn't always gone off without a hitch. On one occasion. To she'd left the safety of the  nativity scene  and wandered rush hour traffic. some commotion OK. Yeah. Or. It. Rush hour traffic for that. An article that ", "a hitch. On one occasion. To she'd left the safety of the nativity scene and wandered -- rush hour traffic. -- -- some commotion OK. Yeah. Or. It. Rush hour traffic for that. An article that ", "All too often this time of year we do stories about.  Nativity scene  fast and finally there is say hi tech solution David Wright forgive room that's our business. That is after all and the  nativity  scenes he's all about.", 'All too often this time of year we do stories about. Nativity scene fast and finally there is say hi tech solution David Wright investigates. Well stealing baby Jesus is a particular problem this time ', "Journey up the it's. In every  nativity scene  for nearly two. Thousand years block with eye popping displays of  nativity  crafts trinkets and mementos massive serenity. The church of the  nativity . Built where tradition holds that ", "Christmas time and -- -- Journey up the -- it's. In every nativity scene for nearly two. Thousand years there they are the three wise men from the east bearing their gifts. Who were there in ", 'inside the White House the message seems clear. And while some decorations are neutral one White House from displays a  nativity scene  as for political correctness on this government property. The tree was once called holiday treat for years. About ', 'while some decorations are neutral one White House from displays a -- nativity scene as for political correctness on this government property. The tree was once called holiday treat for years. About 2005. -- it was ', 'have no idea how many more. we do give three you know there with three gifts. But it is similar presentation of the  nativity scene  that I have in my house yes there is a Manger there is a stable there is a donkey are three kings they have crowns ', '-- there with three gifts. But it is similar presentation of the nativity scene that I have in my house yes there is a Manger there is a stable there is a donkey -- -- -- ', 'including. We dressed children for  nativity scene . yeah. And the film love actually But in the newly released movie  nativity . Manger scene has gone into high this seems just a bit much of the  nativity  in what it stands for there is ', 'reflected how we behaved at Christmas time including. We dressed children for nativity scene . -- yeah. And the film love actually the dress code was strictly home making. But in the newly released movie nativity . -- Manger scene has gone into high production and high fashion. And this may not feel all that far from reality. One ', "swiping baby Jesus from the local  nativity scene  this holiday season you'd better steal the baby Jesus from a local  nativity  scenes David write reports a growing Forgiveness after all is what the  nativity scene  and the world news web casts ", "son Jesus if you're thinking of swiping baby Jesus from the local nativity scene this holiday season you'd better think again. But we're gonna start with the economy consumer prices are dropping so much the experts ", "you'll forgive room that's our business. Forgiveness after all is what the nativity scene and the world news web casts David Wright ABC news. If they're -- wise man for a pizza that's it for the ", "proudly displayed their homemade  nativity nativity scene . during the hallways for nearly taking the cheeses from that the  nativity scene . Everybody's says it it was Jesus figuring not appearing  nativity scene  until Christmas Day is that ", 'possessions Malone family from the Boston area has proudly displayed their homemade nativity nativity scene . -- during the hallways for nearly forty years -- recently discovered though that the baby Jesus figurines had been stolen. This morning ', "family tradition. Disturbed now by someone taking the cheeses from that the nativity scene . -- -- Everybody's -- -- -- says it it was upsetting it is upsetting. It's been part of the family tradition for ", "Christmas there is a tradition. Of the Jesus figuring not appearing -- nativity scene until Christmas Day is that your hope is that your expectation that might happen. Well I hope and that's the case is ", 'group has unveiled an anti religion placard in the State Capitol in Washington State. The sign is joining a Christian  nativity scene  and Christmas tree. The sign was installed by Washington members of the freedom from religion foundation a national ', 'the State Capitol in Washington State. The sign is joining a Christian nativity scene and Christmas tree. The sign was installed by Washington members of the freedom from religion foundation a national group based in Madison ', "All too often this time of year we do stories about.  Nativity scene  fast and finally there is a high tech solution David Wright investigates you'll forgive room that's our business. That is after all the  nativity scene  is all about.", 'All too often this time of year we do stories about. Nativity scene fast and finally there is a high tech solution David Wright investigates. Well stealing baby Jesus is a particular problem this time ', "you'll forgive room that's our business. That is after all -- the nativity scene is all about. ", "well you know diamond anniversary. 75 years. Folks have been going to see the rockettes Santa Claus still living  nativity scene  and this year revels we'll see some of the traditional Along with some new high tech numbers as well. It's a ", "Folks have been going to see the rockettes Santa Claus still living nativity scene and this year revels we'll see some of the -- traditional -- Along with some new high tech numbers as well. It's "]