['remember who we were and who we have become -- the majority of us are people of faith. It is not a day to pretend that we are  nihilistic  agnostics. It is true that in these 10 years the religious issues dividing us have only intensified, but now is the time ', 'Legion," he replied, "for we are many." -- Mark 5:2--9 The demon is a mob, and the mob is demonic. It is the  nihilistic  mob of the French Revolution; it is the revolutionaries who seized control of Russia at the beginning of the twentieth century ', "engage the misguided into a re-education about the Koran's message being one of non-violence rather than the apocalyptic  nihilism  of Islamist favor. If inmates' families repudiate Jihadism and take responsibility for their evolution, if the inmate has ", "to the Greek Theatre for the concert. What could go wrong? Well, Aldous Snow is a nightmarish, constantly inebriated,  nihilistic  sex manic who doesn't respond to direction. (His definition of monogamy is letting your partner know when you cheat ", 'the war, argued: "He was a diligent, intelligent and gifted jurist who, on the one hand, succumbed to the intellectual  nihilism  of the day and, on the other hand, frantically clung to the orderly world of middle-class life." Sandberger would have ', 'medicine at Harvard Medical School, said, "We are making real progress against breast cancer." "Sometimes there is a lot of  nihilism . People worry that we are not winning the war on cancer," he said. "In this particular battle, we are clearly winning ', 'White House Homeland Security Czar Concedes Possible Delays in Closing Gitmo, Outlines New War on Al Qaeda', 'playing the hunk, playing the he-man." Indeed, Kilmer threw his pectorals to the wind when he packed on pounds to play a  nihilistic  prisoner in 2008\'s "Loner." "He\'s given up. So I just started eating -- everyone else was working out and I was ', '22, some of which were televised. In the meeting, the Russian president, who has himself publicly warned against "legal  nihilism " in his country, told Kadyrov that his campaign against underground fighters had "produced results." And then he urged ', 'the health system for individuals with dementia and their caregivers, there remains a need to overcome their \'therapeutic  nihilism \' surrounding dementia." In their ongoing study, Paterson and colleagues found that a doctor\'s positive attitude about ', 'News. "It\'s very troubling because many young people will download all types of material from the Internet, which may be  nihilistic  or disturbing. Having odious views should not be a crime. We really get into the area of thought crime." Bunglawala ', 'said former U.S. Secretary of State Madeleine Albright, who co-chairs the report. "There\'s this kind of sense of  nihilism  now." Though the numbers paint an overall pessimistic global take on the American image, Albright pointed to strong showings ', "already been blown up a Shiite shrine in Samara. Was blown up again just to finish it off well and you get this kind of really  nihilistic  behavior once all all. Red lines are racists. Leaking of that vision of the Democrats have let's just have a reality check ", "to finish it off well and you get this kind of really nihilistic behavior once all all. Red lines are racists. Leaking of that vision of the Democrats have -- -- let's just have a "]