["Book Excerpt: Amanda Knox Shares Intimate Details About Personal Life in 'Waiting to Be Heard'", 'stepdad, Deanna, and I piled into two minivans and drove through Germany and Austria to visit relatives and celebrate  Oktoberfest  in Munich before heading south into Italy, to see Pisa, Rome, Naples, Pompeii, and the Amalfi Coast. The history ', 'Happy  Oktoberfest ! A 16-day festival held in Germany,  Oktoberfest  runs from mid-September through the first weekend of October. One of the largest festivals in the world, visitors enjoy sausage, pretzels and cabbage along with other traditional ', "If Munich during  Oktoberfest  is more of a bucket-list We've rounded up seven  Oktoberfest  celebrations that extend alleys. Leavenworth  Oktoberfest , Leavenworth, Wash 000 people attend  Oktoberfest  in this Bavarian town ", 'Beer, known as the signature drink of  Oktoberfest , just got a sweet twist. Now through restaurants are serving the Samuel Adams  Oktoberfest  Milkshake. Made with Sameul Adams  Oktoberfest  draft, vanilla soft serve and caramel ', "Block is more in line with German  Oktoberfest  offerings than American-made hoppier and less malty. Traditional  Oktoberfest  beers, also known as marzens Fire, which is essentially an  Oktoberfest  dopplebock made with Brewer's ", "This year, female visitors at  Oktoberfest  will be offered green armbands Germany's best-known party,  Oktoberfest , will kick off its 178th year are an annual occurrence at the  Oktoberfest . Each year, about 12 women attending ", 'culture of dirndls,  lederhosen  and beer world-famous close observers of  Oktoberfest  statistics in recent statement. "This year\'s  Oktoberfest  was an exceptional that it was the first  Oktoberfest  to impose a strict visitors to come in  lederhosen  and dirndls. Indeed ', 'brewed specially for the  Oktoberfest  each year by the six breweries that took place at the first  Oktoberfest  in 1810 to entertain the couple. Even though the  Oktoberfest  tradition is 200 years old buying cheap Chinese-made  Lederhosen  imports and stick to costumes ', 'Cortes and JB Bolf decided to head over to Munich for  Oktoberfest . They called a few of their close friends to come along the trip both of their feelings grew, but while at  Oktoberfest  they tried to keep their feelings at bay. On the way ', 'Islamist groups apparently spooked  Oktoberfest  celebrants this year as attendance released during the first week of  Oktoberfest  included pictures of the festival Gabriele Weishaeupl, chairperson of  Oktoberfest . Weishaeupl said 3.3 million ', 'of your vehicle during the  Oktoberfest  beer festival, the courts traffic light during the 2006  Oktoberfest . The judge decided that the damage. "During the  Oktoberfest  it is officially known that Bavarian folk groups wearing  lederhosen  and dirndls. Many who savor ', "special fridge, with the brewery's logo and a picture of a semi-naked woman plastered across the door. At the 2007  Oktoberfest  -- Munich's annual beer-swilling festival -- Hopf was told that his beer had helped an infertile woman in the ", "Finally from us a celebration of Suggs. If you're watching the web cast from Munich Germany you might be one of the six million revelers several points in due October fest. Which began last weekend. We were wondering how this party for pills got started. Here's ABC's Nancy Weiner with a little"]