["The U.S. Commission of Fine Arts was expected Thursday to review architect  Frank Gehry 's design for a planned national memorial honoring President Dwight D. Eisenhower in Washington. It's one of two panels that ", 'family has called the current design "too extravagant." The federal Eisenhower Memorial Commission selected architect  Frank Gehry  to design the memorial. He proposed a park with statues of the president and World War II hero framed by large metal ', 'Facebook, for example, recently announced it will build a  Frank Gehry -designed addition to its Silicon Valley campus that be the biggest open-plan office in the world. WHAT  FRANK GEHRY  IS DESIGNING FOR WASHINGTON, D.C. "In some cases ', 'that the 1993 World Trade Center garage explosion was caused by a strategically placed bomb. Famous Birthdays 1929  Frank Gehry  1931 Dean Smith 1940 Mario Andretti 1944 Carole Bishop 1953 Paul Krugman 1955 Gilbert Gottfried 1956 Guy Maddin 1957 ', 'ancient ways still prevailed. CHINESE ARCHITECT WINS TOP PRIZE Chinese architect Wang Shu is now in the company of  Frank Gehry , Renzo Piano and Eduardo Souto de Moura. Wang has been awarded this year\'s Pritzker Architecture Prize - the "Nobel ', 'of art. Los Angeles\' Schnabel House is a $13 million "village of sculptural forms" erected by renowned architect  Frank Gehry  (whose work includes Dr. Seuss-esque structures as the MIT Stata Center and New York by Gehry). The geometric ', 'After the Mysterious Piano Was Removed From Biscayne Bay Sandbar, a Second Scene Was Created', "clever fellow at the New World Symphony conservatory, trying to promote Tuesday night's opening of a $170 million  Frank Gehry -designed campus? Nope. This little installation of junk art , as it's known, was the brainchild of a 16-year-old ", "was a perfectly timed publicity stunt? The New World Symphony, a Miami Beach-based conservatory is opening its new  Frank Gehry -designed campus today. The symphony's spokesman Craig Hall chuckled at the insinuation, but insisted the conservatory's ", "Bureau. But South Beach isn't just about resorts, sun and fun. Culture vultures anticipate Jan. 29, when the  Frank Gehry -designed New World Symphony building opens. It includes a giant screen on one exterior wall, projecting concerts ", "Bureau. But South Beach isn't just about resorts, sun and fun. Culture vultures anticipate Jan. 29, when the  Frank Gehry -designed New World Symphony building opens. It includes a giant screen on one exterior wall, projecting concerts ", "The city. And the art at the same time. Think it as a blank canvas for architects including America's well known  Frank Gehry  who the Guggenheim Museum in Bilbao Spain. He's now designing the next Guggenheim this one will be the largest in ", "Think it as a blank canvas for architects including America's well known Frank Gehry who -- the Guggenheim Museum in Bilbao Spain. He's now designing the next Guggenheim this one will be the largest in the ", "the city. And the art at the same time. Think it as a blank canvas for architects including America's well known  Frank Gehry  who the Guggenheim Museum in Bilbao Spain. He's now designing the next Guggenheim this one will be the largest in ", "Think it as a blank canvas for architects including America's well known Frank Gehry who -- the Guggenheim Museum in Bilbao Spain. He's now designing the next Guggenheim this one will be the largest in the "]