["Cowboys control their playoff path after late-season surge despite injuries, player's death", 'Michael Vick threw for 187 yards and two 13 victory anticipated season opener.Vick completed 14-of-32 passes and tossed his scores to LeSean McCoy and DeSean Jackson...', 'The St. Louis Rams will be making their first appearance on the Monday night stage in five years with their upcoming clash with the New York Giants from MetLife Stad...', "It's now November, the time of the year when our minds begin to be preoccupied with holiday travel plans, gift ideas and bracing for the long winter ahead.And of cou...", "Josh Brown's winning last-second field goal couldn't erase the bad taste from the St. Louis Rams' poor first half.Coach Steve Spagnuolo didn't mince words after the ...", "Green Bay Packers coach Mike McCarthy and his staff have spent weeks coming up with plans to cram a full offseason's worth of preparation into a compressed training ...", 'Even with a six-year playoff drought lingering in the background, it is safe to say football is back in the city of St. Louis.How else could you explain the rush of ...', "The 2010 Green Bay Packers proved without any doubt that they're a team capable of overcoming adversity. The defending NFL champions will now be faced with a new cha...", "It's been argued that Peyton Manning is season achievements into consideration.The overall body of work is staggering. A quartet of MVP awards, the most of any singl...", "It's been nearly a year since the St. Louis Rams last won on the road, while the Arizona Cardinals haven't won since Week 1 of this season and the two teams have com...", "The following is a list of inactive players for today's NFL games.NEW ORLEANS SAINTS AT ST. LOUIS RAMS , 1:00 P.M. (ET)Saints - RB Mark Ingram, CB Johnny Patrick, LB...", "Let this be known to the next company catering for the New Orleans Saints : Make sure there's beefy mac for quarterback Drew Brees .A creature of habit in so many wa...", '"Debemos proteger a Rodgers como si fuese el presidente de EE.UU.", afirma Poppinga', 'LB Carter out for year with dislocated elbow, becomes 4th Dallas defensive starter on IR', 'Cowboys linebacker Bruce Carter is out of for the season with a dislocated left elbow, making him the fourth Dallas defensive starter to go on injured reserve.Carter...', "The Dallas Cowboys have placed linebacker Bruce Carter on injured reserve because of an elbow injury.Carter was hurt during the second half of last Thursday's game a...", "Cowboys call in 'Batman' with latest street signing at linebacker for injury-depleted defense", "The next man up for the depleted Dallas defense is Batman. That's the way newcomer Brady Poppinga is looking at it anyway.Poppinga joined the Cowboys on Monday as th...", "The following is a list of inactive players for today's games.INDIANAPOLIS COLTS AT DETROIT LIONS, 1:00 PM (ET)Indianapolis - DT Kellen Heard, T Tony Hills, FB Rober...", 'The names may have changed, but the storyline is sadly the same for the St. Louis Rams in regards to their 2012 season.For the third time in seven years, the moribun...']