['A low blood supply forced the Red Cross issued an emergency call to action just a few weeks ago. Full story', 'GENEVA (Reuters) - Syrian authorities are blocking access to the old city of Homs, where trapped civilians are in dire need of food and medical supplies, the Red Cross said on Wednesday. Full story', "A suicide bomber blew himself up at the gates of the Red Cross in Jalalabad, Afghanistan, allowing militants to get inside the building. NBCNews.com's Dara Brown reports. ", 'FEMA Administrator Craig Fugate joins Morning Joe to discuss what the agency is doing on Wednesday in Moore, Oklahoma following a devastating tornado and what the agency has learned since Hurricane Katrina.', 'Relatives of the victims of a train accident react outside the Cersia building, where they are attended by psychologists from the Red Cross in Santiago de Compostela on July 25, 2013. A train hurtled off the tracks on July 24 in northwest Spain killing at least 77 passengers and injuring more than 1', 'A convoy of Red Cross vehicles leave the Fort Sherman police base on the outskirts of Colon city', "A convoy of Red Cross vehicles leave the Fort Sherman police base on the outskirts of Colon city July 23, 2013. Three doctors and national Red Cross staff visited the 35 North Korean detainees on Tuesday, Javier Caraballo, Panama's top anti-drugs prosecutor, told the media. They conducted routine te", 'Red Cross workers stand outside the plant of Italian-Argentine steelmaker Ternium in San Nicolas de los Garza', "Red Cross workers stand outside the plant of Italian-Argentine steelmaker Ternium in San Nicolas de los Garza July 22, 2013. Two people were killed and 12 wounded in an explosion at Ternium's Guerrero plant in Nuevo Leon state in northern Mexico, the company said on Monday. The explosion occurred in", 'A memorial for town sits across from school where the Red Cross set up temporary shelter for those displaced due to derailment in Lac-Megantic', 'A memorial for the town sits across from the school where the Red Cross set up temporary shelter for those displaced due to the derailment in Lac-Megantic, Quebec July 12, 2013. Shell-shocked residents of Lac-Megantic took small steps on a long path back to normalcy on Friday as they returned to hom']