['purely based on  superstitions  like avoiding  Friday the 13th  or lucky numbers Index purely on  superstitions . Chung is a designer was researching  superstitions  and case studies programming it to sell on  Friday the 13th  and buying on lucky ', 'selling on your  superstition , these retailers to buy on  Friday the 13th , and they\'re scarier on  Friday the 13th  than running coffee is  bad luck  we guess it for an  unlucky  tie-in version of  bad luck  on  Friday the 13th ," the coffee INSTINCT  Friday the 13th ,  bad luck ,  black cats , buy cat It\'s  Friday the 13th  ... no  superstitions  over here ', 'On  Friday the 13th , the superstitious an eye out for  black cats  in their path to avoid  bad luck . But the Pasadena overlook their  superstitions  toward the supposedly Unfortunately  superstitions  about  black cats  make it harder ', 'swayed away from  Friday the 13th  because of  superstition . One couple intentionally superstition  around  Friday the 13th . So Shukovsky I think the  Friday the 13th superstition  goes out the window discounts on the three  Friday the 13th  dates this year ', "While  Friday the 13th  is notorious for  bad luck , the stock numbers for  Friday the 13th  from 1945 until considered an  unlucky  day, it's proving to be  unlucky . The Dow Jones biggest bank.  Friday the 13th  returns have ", 'Fear of Friday , the 13th  (Paraskevidekatriaphobia) and Other Unpronounceable Phobias', "Uh-oh. Here comes another  Friday ,  the 13th . And whatever the origin the next. Here're a few.  Friday ,  the 13th  scares up plenty of fodder end-of-the-week anxiety is also called  friggatriskaidekaphobia . And the abbreviated triskaidekaphobia ", 'Today is  Friday the 13th , and whether the face of  superstition , or see surrounding  Friday the 13th  stem from? Fear of  Friday the 13th  is suffered referred to as  friggatriskaidekaphobia , a 99-year-old great deal of  superstitions  and phobias has been an  unlucky  number Fears of  Friday the 13th  Feelings cases of  friggatriskaidekaphobia , which is ', "consider  Friday the 13th  an  unlucky  or spooky we have a  Friday the 13th  right in the 13th :  Friggatriskaidekaphobia . Now you celebrate  Friday the 13th . Stay at Oddities and  Superstitions  Ripley's considered  unlucky ? And why is it  bad luck  to walk under learn why  black cats  and owls ", 'athletes, hold  superstitions ." She notes benefits of  superstition  are produced campus who held  superstitions , like believing the power of  superstitions  were dropped Reason to Believe  Friday the 13th  Is Unluckier ', 'spending another  Friday the 13th  in the grips mind."  Friday the 13th : A Day to traveling on  Friday the 13th . For those your mark?  Friday the 13th  is a lucky into some  bad luck , the weather of their  Friday - the - 13th superstition  , there\'s ', 'Greek for fear of  Friday the 13th . Today marks first Who knows? As for  Friday the 13th  -- for you conspiracy Code" intrigue,  bad luck  on  Friday the 13th  may very well be arrested en masse on a  Friday the 13th  -- in 1307. Whatever ', 'lives, from deception to decision making, selfishness to  superstition . Along the way, you will encounter some of my favorite national radio; and proved beyond all reasonable doubt that  Friday the thirteenth  is bad for your health. Most of the research that you ', "Friday the 13th , for some, marks a day of trepidation. It's  bad luck , messy mojo and a horror film favorite But for congressional Democrats, this  Friday the 13th  marks 100 days in power, perhaps only ", "the fear.  Friday the thirteenth . Susan be attribute this  superstition  to at least any letter  Bad luck  we'll follow thirteen is an  unlucky  number one whether it's  Friday the thirteenth  or any other it was a  Friday the thirteenth  and I'm one holds  superstition  about clocks come with  superstitions  they're ", 'thought it would be a good time to explore the fear. -- Friday the thirteenth . Susan -- be much easier to say the fear of the number 13% of that I got to tell artifact that it ', "-- I don't have any. I don't think of thirteen is an unlucky number -- one of my. -- -- numbers and I don't believe that then number thirteen is unlucky . In fact I think it's kind of lucky because I feel like everybody pays much attention to it that something good had to have been on that day. Some excited about Friday -- thirteenth and I love Halloween. -- -- lucky number thirteen it's always getting such a bad rap is a possible that is actually a lucky number. Well it's refreshing to hear people who think so. I think a lot of people who were born on the thirteenth whether it's Friday the thirteenth or any other -- day of the month. Probably think it's a lucky day. And I personally like the number thirteen. -- -- you know fight I would challenge people who really think that there Friday thirteenth is a bad days to think back in their lives to all the unlucky -- days they've ever had. And see if they can recall that it was a Friday the thirteenth and I'm willing to bet that -- people know there was some other meaningless numbers. I always played thirteen and on relent and I never win and I don't know that really has anything to do it about. -- we're gonna get real tribute fingers across the exactly what we're gonna get real creepy now David here comes Adam from Oregon who's got a weird one. -- actually do one I don't like to look at the clock when it -- 1134. As he -- outside Alice's house that's always been bad luck for me. -- -- -- Wow. That that is a little scary thing typically -- -- on the island to block. Floods have -- digital clock I I could picture have extensive work and and I have never heard of that one before they're there is one holds superstition about clocks. And that is that if you have a caulking your house that hasn't worked for a long time and then it suddenly China games that -- somebody in your house is about to die. While so that's considerably scary than the word help -- but I'd be worried about that pay attention of the -- my guess right. Ariel we have some night emails we -- have you respond to here's one from -- Yahoo! username song girl who says. I have a superstition that every time I'm driving in my car and have a bad thought like envision a car accident or hitting a pedestrian my goodness. I have to touch my dashboard. In order to clear that from happening. But whatever works. Yeah yeah this is very come with superstitions they're there's very often a a ritual associated with. Superstition where if you think that something is gonna give you bad -- them. You can go through this ritual I guess if ", "today's top rising searches history of  Friday the thirteenth  today. The  Friday the thirteenth  movies sure haven't helped and who rounded up the temple are on  Friday the thirteenth  but.  Superstitions  about the day may go back to the ", "collaboration with Google and among today's top rising searches -- history of Friday the thirteenth -- today. The Friday the thirteenth movies sure haven't helped and then there's the French king who rounded up the -- temple are on Friday the thirteenth but. Superstitions about the day may go back to the time of Christ Judas was the thirteenth disciple at the last supper. And Jesus was crucified on a Friday that is one explanation anyway. You're gonna have to bear with me when I tried the word -- -- -- kick. One more time Paris -- -- a trio phobia. That's the official name for fear Friday the thirteenth take -- though this is the only Friday the thirteenth you have to go through this year. -- -- -- -- Phobia I think. The -- here. The -- -- things that "]