["Avenue, Officer Bruce Borihanh said. The teen's name was withheld because he is a juvenile. Bash mobs are like a  flash mob  but instead of dancing in a choreographed number in public places, a bash mob converges to steal and vandalize. Police ", 'there, using staples and wood to piece them together." Bride Incorporates 100 Wedding Guests into \'Call Me Maybe\'  Flash Mob  Smith\'s girlfriend, Rachel Weakley, 25, had no idea what was in store for her when he asked her to join him for a ', 'started as a traditional father/daughter walk down the aisle in Atherton, Calif., quickly turned into a surprise  flash mob  wedding dance to Carly Rae Jepsen\'s "Call Me Maybe." The bride, Jesse Draper, 29, and her groom, Brian MacInnes ', 'start to converge on the grassy area, dancing to the music. A  flashmob  is taking place. The young couple move closer to get a better was put together. And in case you want to organize your own  flashmob , we show you how with our new series "How To..."', 'building, there was something truly remarkable waiting for him. The entire student body broke into an elaborate farewell  flash mob , dancing in unison to Journey\'s hit song, "Don\'t Stop Believin\'," while holding signs that read "Thank you ', 'Earth, more than Florida, Alaska and Hawaii combined.  Flash Mob  Farewell Roger Boddie, a principal at Hingham Middle about the school, but in the parking lot behind him, a  flash mob  started. Students held up a sign that said, "Thank ', 'which added the word "tweet" in August 2011 . Other words that have made their way into the OED\'s latest update? " Flash mob ," "geekery," and "live-blogging" and "e-reader." Check out the full list of new words here .', "Promposals With Thousands of Views Battlefield High School  Flash Mob  Promposal 2013 It wouldn't be a promposal/viral video combo without a  flash mob . Apparently this school has a required amateur dance ", 'visible example of that phenomenon is the engagement  flash mob . Videos of engagement  flash mobs  being staged to catch women - or men - by surprise Ali spent $2,000 on a choreographer for his  flash mob  proposal in Times Square, saying it "described ', "A growing indigenous rights movement, called Idle No More, is holding gatherings on Friday in dozens of cities across Canada and the U.S. , and in various countries around the world, including Colombia, Chile, and Puerto Rico. The meet-ups around the globe coincide with the day that Canada's First", 'evacuated Saturday night after a  flash mob  turned into an ugly brawl. Cellphone where 200 teens had gathered for a  flash mob . "We think there was some sort of post on social media about a  flash mob  for tonight which drew such a large ', 'note on the event\'s Facebook page insists the tenth anniversary Broadway Bomb will still take place. "We are going to  flash mob  116th Street and Broadway at 11:50AM and Start the Race at 12:00PM exactly," the note reads, "please don\'t show ', 'they performed under a flag at half-mast outside. At that time, police showed up in response to a report of a " flash mob  situation." On Wednesday evening, Walmart spokeswoman Kayla Whaling apologized on behalf of the company. "We regret ', "father daughter walked on quickly turned into surprise  flash mob  wedding dance. Carly Jetsons calming me. With a Jesse didn't think you'll get so much attention but come on a  flash mob  wedding video. Or even grandpa gets up the dance that ", 'traditional father daughter walked on -- -- quickly turned into -- surprise flash mob wedding dance. Carly -- Jetsons calming me. With a -- Jesse Draper and her groom Bryant -- -- -- -- their wedding ', "they didn't think you'll get so much attention but come on a flash mob wedding video. Or even grandpa gets up the dance that as priceless. ", "We've all seen those  flash mobs , the swarms of people explains the evolution of the  flash mob . Reporter: Millions spontaneity. Here's a  flash mob  in times square paid for That's a flash, flash,  flash mob ? Reporter: And I mean ", "guess it was only a matter of time. We've all seen those flash mobs , the swarms of people singing and dancing for a marriage profile or a retirement party. Now they're going corporate with eye popping price tags. Gio benitez explains the evolution of the flash mob . Reporter: Millions of us watched as people spontaneously break into song and dance. But what was once just fun is now a cash cow. Companies are paying for spontaneity. Here's a flash mob in times square paid for by a hair care line. And here's another for a corporate seminar, even surprising rudy giuliani. That's a flash, flash, flash mob ? Reporter: And I mean we're talking about big clients here paying big money just for a flash mob . Yes, we do. Reporter: Jackie is a producer for flash mob america. The biggest flash mob probably was last summer, and it was for a corporate client and we had about 700 people. Reporter: And it can cost anywhere from $1000 to 80 grand. Flash mob america also works for individuals. This man is paying for a flash mob to surprise his sweetheart. 250 volunteers recruited online to join the mob. We figured if a man is going to go through ", 'actually stalling him. To get the students. Paying them in place for a truly remarkable surprise take a look at This is a  flash mob  free zone here at play of the day but not today and that. And the sign back there says thank you for. He results showed ', 'a truly remarkable surprise take a look at -- This is a flash mob free zone here at play of the day but not today and that. And the sign back there says thank you for. ', "like minded groups. We invented the  flash mob  that's what we genius excuse to better or for worse this is the of the  flash mob  song and dance high From a light I didn't see you yeah. To the  flash mob  hit with subway rides. But the undoubtedly ", "us to communicate instantly with large like minded groups. We invented the flash mob that's what we -- genius excuse to act -- -- public we apparently all were waiting for. Of course some mobs are more civilized and other senators John Berman with -- side of the. For better or for worse this is the -- of the flash mob song and dance high -- From a light Saber battle. The -- -- flash -- To the Christmas curious -- and I didn't see you yeah. To the -- -- flash mob hit with subway rides. But the undoubtedly classy -- flash mob on earth. Asked to be the -- even hasn't classy gate because every beat frank -- -- they Colin Guinea after all ", 'flash to become all the rage these days but how about  flash mob  like 40000. The Indians the story from the LA times In San Francisco. I never seen a lot easier these  flash mobs  and like malls in the end we go outside these these we ', "flash -- to become all the rage these days but how about flash mob like 40000. The Indians the story from the LA times or mrs. -- ever just go pool of -- that was on this on this flight which 1 AM I'm not up to bring the flags are doing a little -- -- lap dance including a performance of I left my art. In San Francisco. I never seen a lot easier these flash mobs and like malls in the end we go outside -- these these we hadn't seen like an airplane gets of these dogs ", "This can't be. This cannot be. That's right. A  flash mob  and the sign says it all. Thank you for believing in kids will do anything to get out of class. Speaking of  flash mobs , it made the oxford english dictionary today along with ", "lot behind him. This can't be. This cannot be. That's right. A flash mob and the sign says it all. Thank you for believing in us. These kids -- when people ask me what I'm going to miss, i think I know what it is. But he did add that kids will do anything to get out of class. Speaking of flash mobs , it made the oxford english dictionary today along with the word tweet, defining it as to make a posting on the social "]