['Bride and 100 wedding guests dance to "Call Me Maybe" at ceremony on June 15, 2013.', "We've all seen those  flash mobs , the swarms of people explains the evolution of the  flash mob . Reporter: Millions spontaneity. Here's a  flash mob  in times square paid for That's a flash, flash,  flash mob ? Reporter: And I mean ", "guess it was only a matter of time. We've all seen those flash mobs , the swarms of people singing and dancing for a marriage profile or a retirement party. Now they're going corporate with eye popping price tags. Gio benitez explains the evolution of the flash mob . Reporter: Millions of us watched as people spontaneously break into song and dance. But what was once just fun is now a cash cow. Companies are paying for spontaneity. Here's a flash mob in times square paid for by a hair care line. And here's another for a corporate seminar, even surprising rudy giuliani. That's a flash, flash, flash mob ? Reporter: And I mean we're talking about big clients here paying big money just for a flash mob . Yes, we do. Reporter: Jackie is a producer for flash mob america. The biggest flash mob probably was last summer, and it was for a corporate client and we had about 700 people. Reporter: And it can cost anywhere from $1000 to 80 grand. Flash mob america also works for individuals. This man is paying for a flash mob to surprise his sweetheart. 250 volunteers recruited online to join the mob. We figured if a man is going to go through ", 'actually stalling him. To get the students. Paying them in place for a truly remarkable surprise take a look at This is a  flash mob  free zone here at play of the day but not today and that. And the sign back there says thank you for. He results showed ', 'a truly remarkable surprise take a look at -- This is a flash mob free zone here at play of the day but not today and that. And the sign back there says thank you for. ', "like minded groups. We invented the  flash mob  that's what we genius excuse to better or for worse this is the of the  flash mob  song and dance high From a light I didn't see you yeah. To the  flash mob  hit with subway rides. But the undoubtedly ", "us to communicate instantly with large like minded groups. We invented the flash mob that's what we -- genius excuse to act -- -- public we apparently all were waiting for. Of course some mobs are more civilized and other senators John Berman with -- side of the. For better or for worse this is the -- of the flash mob song and dance high -- From a light Saber battle. The -- -- flash -- To the Christmas curious -- and I didn't see you yeah. To the -- -- flash mob hit with subway rides. But the undoubtedly classy -- flash mob on earth. Asked to be the -- even hasn't classy gate because every beat frank -- -- they Colin Guinea after all ", 'flash to become all the rage these days but how about  flash mob  like 40000. The Indians the story from the LA times In San Francisco. I never seen a lot easier these  flash mobs  and like malls in the end we go outside these these we ', "flash -- to become all the rage these days but how about flash mob like 40000. The Indians the story from the LA times or mrs. -- ever just go pool of -- that was on this on this flight which 1 AM I'm not up to bring the flags are doing a little -- -- lap dance including a performance of I left my art. In San Francisco. I never seen a lot easier these flash mobs and like malls in the end we go outside -- these these we hadn't seen like an airplane gets of these dogs ", "This can't be. This cannot be. That's right. A  flash mob  and the sign says it all. Thank you for believing in kids will do anything to get out of class. Speaking of  flash mobs , it made the oxford english dictionary today along with ", "lot behind him. This can't be. This cannot be. That's right. A flash mob and the sign says it all. Thank you for believing in us. These kids -- when people ask me what I'm going to miss, i think I know what it is. But he did add that kids will do anything to get out of class. Speaking of flash mobs , it made the oxford english dictionary today along with the word tweet, defining it as to make a posting on the social ", 'country this summer.  Flash mobs  striking in city after anarchy. A so called  flash mob . More than two dozen quickly turned ugly. With  flash mob  robberies reported in they will. A series of  flash mob  robberies and street fights ', "new kind of wild things -- spreading across the country this summer. Flash mobs striking in city after city attackers organizing online and then. Converging on stores and in streets to rob and terrorize people what is going on. Here's ABC's chief investigative correspondent Brian Ross. Police described it as sixty seconds of anarchy. A so called flash mob . More than two dozen people invaded the 7-Eleven convenience store this past weekend in suburban Washington and still anything they could get ", "All we've all seen before right well we've been so excited to show you this video it's a  flash mob  that you've got to see because it's pretty special it's in London. And it took a lot of work tends to get take a look ", "well we've been so excited to show you this video it's a flash mob that you've got to see because it's pretty special it's in London. And it took a lot of work tends to get ", 'in Maryland surveillance cameras. Got a  flash mob  red handed here making a midnight run at 7-Eleven fifteen store grabbing everything in sight before taking off.  Flash mobs  are becoming so serious that some cities are now said ', '-- in Maryland surveillance cameras. Got a flash mob red handed here making a midnight run at 7-Eleven -- fifteen teens descended on the store grabbing everything in sight before taking off. Flash mobs are becoming so serious that some cities are now said to be considering curfews and new loitering laws. ', "this video that takes place. At a mall near Niagara Falls Canada we're got a real surprise was one of sudden unexpected  flash mobs  with a sort of holiday hallelujah. Didn't even to for the blue went. In this to shoppers idea what was going up.", "we're -- got a real surprise was one of -- sudden unexpected flash mobs with a sort of holiday hallelujah. Didn't even to -- for the blue went. -- -- In this to shoppers -- -- ", "It's a sinister version of so called  flash mobs  that in most cases are harmless and whimsical But for some the city of brotherly love  flash mobs  is just another term for loosely organized violence truly senseless violence of  flash mobs . They London on fire earlier this week ", "formal mats and cause chaos. It's a sinister version of so called flash mobs that in most cases are harmless and whimsical. But for some -- the city of brotherly love flash mobs is just another term for loosely organized violence. Here's ABC's John Donvan. Maybe it's summer maybe it's boredom but these senseless violence truly senseless violence of flash mobs . They -- London on fire earlier this week. Philadelphia is not London it's not burning buildings. But the episodes of violence like ", 'play only a few days ago at the Wisconsin state fair as flash mobs materialized. The local 911 call center lit up. -- got right back out front can. I. Well many of those -- used ', 'of Louisiana and Baton Rouge because inside. Was came to home. Think that there was some sort of social media about a  flash mob  a claim for tonight which drew such a large crowd of juvenile police and some 200 teenagers swarmed the second food court ', 'that there was some sort of -- -- social media about a flash mob a claim for tonight which drew such a large crowd of juvenile police and some 200 teenagers swarmed the second -- food ', 'suddenly. This is a flash More than 24 million people have watched this video on to. And across the country this year.  Flash mobs  are studying shoppers in Philadelphia. Free holiday until. The monologues are usually organized online and when word spreads ', 'watched this video on -- to. And across the country this year. Flash mobs are studying shoppers -- in Philadelphia. Free holiday -- until. The monologues are usually organized online and when word spreads it and ', "in Philadelphia must now adhere to a weekend curfew part of the mayor's crackdown on violent  flash mobs . In two checked into sections of the city everyone under the age of eighteen must be endorsed by 9 PM on Fridays and Saturdays ", "adhere to a weekend curfew part of the mayor's crackdown on violent flash mobs . In two checked into sections of the city everyone under the age of eighteen must be endorsed by 9 PM on Fridays ", 'They YouTube sensation.  flash mobs  those impromptu gatherings risky south street. A  flash mob  and gone bad. Philadelphia below wall. Fighting  flash mob  violence three people hard line against violent  flash mobs . I can throw the book ', 'frightening. -- -- -- -- -- -- They -- YouTube sensation. -- flash mobs those impromptu gatherings of strangers put together via social networking. At first they involve dancing. Freezing like statues. Even giant pillow fights ', "including police commissioner Charles Ramsey are taking a hard line against violent flash mobs . I can throw the book at this fence when when you catch them down here doing something wrong we don't want to ", 'quad. Okay. But Temple University professor Frank Farley says the difference -- flash mobs is the speed at which they can be assembled the size. And whether they have a purpose of the biggest problem is. ', 'Some bizarre video now out of Maryland a  flash mob  of nearly thirty people stormed convenience store Montgomery County group rushed into the store stole snacks and soda from the ', 'Some bizarre video now out of Maryland a flash mob of nearly thirty people stormed convenience store Montgomery County group rushed into the store stole snacks and soda from the shelves now. ']