["A 30-year-old British woman with an inoperable brain tumor is auctioning off dates with herself to raise money for charity, the U.K.'s Daily Mirror reported.Lisa Con...", 'Hall of Fame catcher Gary Carter was diagnosed Tuesday with a malignant brain tumor called a glioblastoma and will treat it with chemotherapy and radiation.Doctors a...', 'BOSTON (AP) -- Sen. Edward M. Kennedy has a malignant brain tumor. Doctors for the Massachusetts Democrat say tests conducted after Kennedy suffered a seizure this w...', 'Jenni Lake gave birth to a baby boy the month before her 18th birthday, though she was not destined to become just another teenage mother.That much, she knew.While b...', 'In the fight against cancer, scientists and medical researchers around the world are developing new medicines from seemingly unlikely natural substances. Recent repo...', 'Dental X-rays could increase the risk of developing a common type of brain tumor, US scientists announced Tuesday.A study led by researchers from the Yale School of ...', 'The 100-year-old doctor still makes house calls.He must, explains Dr. Fred Goldman.That\'s where the patients are."If they\'re sick and can\'t leave home," he said, "I ...', "Venom from deadly funnel-web spiders and tarantulas could be used to kill breast cancer cells, under an Australian trial.Researchers at the University of Queensland'...", 'Medication via remote-control instead of a shot? Scientists implanted microchips in seven women that did just that, oozing out the right dose of a bone-strengthening...', "Two girls set up a lemonade stand in Pierre, S.D., to raise $6,000 for their dad's cancer treatment.KCCR radio reported that 8-year-old Sydney Youngberg and her 10-y...", 'Staying indoors, wearing hospital gowns, walking on cold floors, this is not the summer vacation most children wish for, but for many kids fighting cancer, sadly, it...', 'James Holmes, the suspect responsible for the worst mass shooting in U.S. history, has begun a legal journey that will include an extensive psychiatric evaluation an...', 'More teenagers are being diagnosed with kidney stones now than in years past, a study from one U.S. state suggests.The research, which followed Minnesota children fr...', 'Former National Institutes of Health director Dr. Bernadine Healy, who led the American Red Cross during 9/11, has died.A funeral home in Ohio near Cleveland says He...']