["typical willing accent over fifty Texan when Taylor sexton was quiet for me my speech about So inadequate it right handed over  Generation X . and Generation Y. let's take a look at how the next generation will inevitably disappoint us. Let's see generation ", "about -- -- -- -- So inadequate -- it right handed over Generation X . and Generation Y. let's take a look at how the next generation will inevitably disappoint us. Let's see generation. Jim swayze a ", 'While many  gen X  are complaining about their entertainment being lost in history New Kids On The Block to 90210 Tinseltown is experiencing a  gen X  replay and tell us more about this  gen X  installer just. Is living Goodman from blender magazine ', "While many gen X -- are complaining about their entertainment being lost in history. It looks like many general wires are looking to bring back blast from the past. From New Kids On The Block to 90210 Tinseltown is experiencing a gen X replay and tell us more about this gen X installer just. Is living Goodman from blender magazine. Lizzy thanks for joining us today thanks so much for having me tell us all about this gen X nostalgia factor -- what's going on here and why. Well I think part of the reason we're seeing so many gen -- ", "In today's tech is Microsoft getting ready to unveil its next  Generation X . box on May 21. Online reports speculate that the new system will require a constant Internet connection and will cost 500 dollars ", "In today's tech -- is Microsoft getting ready to unveil its next Generation X . box on May 21. Online reports speculate that the new system will require a constant Internet connection and will cost 500 dollars. ", "floor. He is covering the 42-year-old from wisconsin. Jon? Reporter: His biggest moment. Diane, this is the first  generation x -er we've seen on a national ticket. What a journey he's taken here. I first met him not long after he first came ", "from wisconsin. Jon? Reporter: His biggest moment. Diane, this is the first generation x -er we've seen on a national ticket. What a journey he's taken here. I first met him not long after he first came ", "Y. that's driving. The appetite for skiers in the country. It's always been Generation Y. meaning the children of  Generation X . not necessarily the children generation it under my younger Brothers and sisters have. Generation next its. Being scared ", "in the country. It's always been Generation Y. meaning the children of Generation X . not necessarily the children -- generation it under my younger Brothers and sisters have. Generation next its. Being scared for finding something ", "love it that we have left them this Cool story to apparently forty's like the new twenty apparently more more of those  Generation X . women were turning forty it's no longer the date. Yeah. She look so hot red zone and it's the new sweet sixteen intern ", "forty's like the new twenty apparently more -- more of those -- Generation X . women were turning forty it's no longer -- the date. Yeah. She look so hot red zone and it's the new sweet ", "It's being told top a mutual funds the  Generation X . you know that demographic that dictates order rate in fears. His original idea  Generation X . That's not what that pick fifteen demographic in mind. Does today's  Generation X . have enough money to be investing ", "It's being told top -- a mutual funds the Generation X . you know that demographic that dictates cool. It's cool to -- fund and the gold. To attract twenty -- some things to ", "get them. As special order rate in -- fears. His original idea Generation X . That's not what that -- pick fifteen foot setback. That you thought that warrants is young and young at heart they go I'm definitely so I imagine that you guys have done quite a lot of research on this demographic in mind. Does today's Generation X . have enough money to be investing in mutual funds in the plus -- -- they just. -- that parents the money -- ", "The baby boomers have been followed by  Generation X . and Generation Y. and somewhere in between there was the first generation of digital natives and there's a new book talking ", "The baby boomers have been followed by Generation X . and Generation Y. and somewhere in between there was the first generation of digital natives and there's a new book talking about ", "that says this year ends joy zipper of Montreal and the clientele. What's going on here is that as culturally and heat  Generation X . series get older. Parties just isn't good enough. Especially not for people like Robert Schneider who when his son ", "the clientele. What's going on here is that as culturally and heat Generation X . series get older. Parties just isn't good enough. Especially not for people like Robert Schneider who when his son -- was born. ", 'themselves and win situation is rising and it runs damage to all age groups. According to a new survey by the AARP 14 of  Generation X . receive financial help from family and friends. But financial planners have noticed an alarming trend of children in their ', 'age groups. According to a new survey by the AARP 14 of Generation X . -- receive financial help from family and friends. But financial planners have noticed an alarming trend of children in their fifties depending ', "know how to manage your money it's an all too common problem. Financially dependent women stranded by divorce we call it  Generation X . For years Traci O'Donnell was a woman who seem to have at all AT and human. My husband home in the Chicago area and ", "too common problem. Financially dependent women stranded by divorce we call it Generation X . -- For years Traci O'Donnell was a woman who seem to have at all AT and human. My husband -- home in ", 'And our series turning points  Generation X . just this week to that the majority of American women 51% are single. Many of them have been divorced or widowed at a returning ', 'And our series turning points Generation X . just this week to -- that the majority of American women 51% are single. Many of them have been divorced or widowed ', "As part of our ongoing series turning points  Generation X . getting back into the game after break haven't heard from so many this week really responding to this series. Well this week ", "As part of our ongoing series turning points Generation X . getting back into the game after break -- haven't heard from so many -- -- this week really responding to this series. "]