['New Jersey teenager Justin Beckerman has constructed a working one-man submarine out of spare parts and discarded objects.', 'The entire project took six months and cost just $2,000. Beckerman designed and built the entire submarine himself.', 'The submarine is rigged with fuses, back-up batteries, a radio, siren, strobe lights, breathing apparatus and a pump system for if the vessel begins taking on water.', "The submarine, christened the Nautilus in a nod to Jules Verne, can dive to a depth of 30 feet, though so far Justin's father, Ken, has only let him go as deep as six.", 'Beckerman says he hopes to use the submarine to \'explore the lake, see fish and hopefully find a bit of history "like the cannons from my neighbors\' historic house" he says.', 'The hatch of the submarine is made from a skylight, its body is made of drainage pipes, and the pressure gauges are made from an old restaurant soda fountain that Beckerman found behind a shopping center.', "Beckerman says that he doesn't really have a favorite inventor. Though he did do a paper on Steve Jobs once.", 'He adds that the entire project was a challenge, but the most difficult part was figuring out how to balance the ballast tanks.', 'The New Jersey teen says he would like to attach a robotic claw to the front so he can clean the bottom of the lake. After he graduates high school Beckerman says he hopes to pursue his passion for engineering.', 'Inventive teen has also built airplanes, boats, robots, and architectural constructions', "(CNN) -- The submarine's body may be constructed from drainage pipes and the hatch from a recycled skylight, but according to its 18-year-old inventor, this single-person U-boat can plunge to a depth of 30 feet and has already completed three successful dives.", 'The Nautilus took high school inventor Justin Beckerman just six months and $2,000 to put together -- all while keeping on top of his homework.', '"He has been building things since he was two years old," says his mother, Jess Beckerman. "If we tried to help him we would just get in the way and mess things up."', 'The submarine has ballast tanks to maintain its depth and equilibrium; air vents that bring oxygen down from the surface; a functioning PA and a range of emergency systems including back-up batteries, a siren, strobe lights, a breathing apparatus and a pump to fight leaks. The vessel can remain submerged for up to two hours and travels beneath the waves at one and a half miles per hour.', 'Beckerman says he is going to use it to "explore the lake, see fish and hopefully find a bit of history, like the cannons from my neighbors\' historic house" that, he says, were dumped in the lake during renovations in the 1960s.', 'When he was younger, Beckerman began by making things out of balloons and string, but as the years went by his inventions grew in scale and complexity. At the age of 12, instead of complaining about having to help with the housework, he developed a remote-controlled car that could mop and vacuum.', "Beckerman's website is a testament to his enormous productivity. It is a menagerie of home-constructed machines including boats, planes, architectural constructions, and prize-winning robots.", "The materials he uses in his creations are often technological cast-offs from family and friends, or garbage scavenged from electronics recycling facilities. The Nautilus has regulators and pressure gauges from an old restaurant soda fountain that Beckerman found behind a shopping center. The two main batteries are from a child's ride-on toy, and its PA speakers are made from an old car stereo.", 'Beckerman says he decided to build the submarine because "I wanted to see if I could do it. It combined so many different aspects of things that I had worked on in the past." The Nautilus has the most ambitious wiring system Beckerman has installed since he constructed his tree fort -- a veritable forest castle that puts all other tree forts to shame.', 'Armed with more modern conveniences than many proper homes, the fort has a TV, wall-mounted speakers, desktop computer, air conditioning, shelving, and fluorescent lights. "It has everything a house should have," says Beckerman, "except a refrigerator and a bathroom."', "The Nautilus is not Beckerman's first submarine. In fact, it is his fourth. The previous iteration could dive to five feet, but had a less sturdy frame constructed from plastic containers and duct tape. It was propelled by two motor scooter engines, connected to metal blades and two 12v batteries.", '"I had an idea of how I wanted to sit. I realized that lying down would make the sub more streamlined -- so the drainage pipes seemed a natural fit," he said. But sacrifices to the original design had to be made along the way.', '"The ballast tanks were originally going to be air tanks, but they were just too expensive. If I could have learned how to weld I would have made the whole thing out of metal. But that might be for the next one."', 'Asked if there are any particular challenges which are specific to being a young inventor, Beckerman responds plainly: "No. Other than the budget issues and all of my schoolwork and other obligations that get in the way."', 'If he had more time and money Beckerman says he would like to continue to add to the submarine. "I would love to add a robotic claw to the front. I would like to make the sub into a more useful thing with a basket the claw could put stuff into to pick up garbage and clean the bottom of the lake."', 'Do you need a new TV, house or limb? All you need is to press print. Take an interactive scroll through to the future of 3D printing.', "See how India's frugal innovators are adapting existing tools and technologies to provide all manner of imaginative low-cost solutions.", "It could easily be a deleted scene from the classic movie, ET, but two British inventors claim to have invented the world's first flying bicycle.", "What's 1,200-years-old, made of wood and responsible for the smart-phone in your pocket? Japan's Toji Pagoda, of course!", 'The inventor of GPS technology, Bradford Parkinson, tells CNN the future of transport is self-driving cars. ', 'It may be constructed from drainage pipes but according to its 18-year-old inventor, this single-person U-boat can plunge to a depth of 30 feet.', "A treasure trove of technological 'firsts', including an incredibly rare Apple 1 computer, goes on auction in Germany", 'How did an ex-cop fashion a fully functioning robot from old hi-fi speakers, DVD players and assorted household items?', "More than 10 billion USB sticks are believed to be in use around the world today ensuring co-inventor, Ajay Bhatt, has a place in tech's unofficial hall of fame.", 'A California tech company has launched a tool that turns a regular iPhone 4 or 4S into a powerful biometrics scanning tool.', 'What\'s four centimeters long, two centimeters high and smaller than the average thumb? The "Little Cyclops" fisheye camera.', 'They are a formidable new force in the tech world -- tween developers with world-class coding skills and firsthand insights into the games kids really want to play.', "The rubber from dandelion roots could be on your car wheels before the decade is out. CNN's Nick Glass visits the Dutch firm pioneering the effort.", 'The notion of self-healing materials might sound a bit "Terminator" -- but the first versions of the technology are destined to hit the market in 2013.']