['Brandon Carter caught a pair of touchdown passes from Casey Pachall, as the 16th-ranked TCU Horned Frogs claimed a 20-6 victory over the Kansas Jayhawks.The Horned Frogs overcame four turnovers to win their Big 12 Conference debut."We are excited to get our first Big 12 victory," TCU coach Gary Patterson said. "You can\'t get to two without one. Gotta give KU a lot of credit they came out and caused some turnovers and moved the football. We were fortunate to play good enough in the red zone."Pachall completed 24-of-30 passes for 335 yards for TCU (2-0, 1-0 Big 12), which has won 10 consecutive games dating back to last season -- currently the longest active streak in the country.Waymon James carried the ball 12 times for 99 yards for the Horned Frogs, who play Virginia next Saturday. Matthew Tucker rushed for 65 yards on 12 carries.Dayne Crist connected on 19-of-39 passes for 303 yards and an interception for the Jayhawks (1-2, 0-1), who have lost two in a row since opening the season w...', 'Josh Boyce sent the game into overtime with a 94-yard touchdown reception and then hauled in the game-winning two-point conversion to help TCU down No. 23 West Virgi...', 'Collin Klein rushed for two touchdowns and a staunch Kansas State defense helped the No. 3 Wildcats take a 23-10 win over the TCU Horned Frogs.Klein, who left in the...', 'Collin Klein, No. 3 Kansas State bolster BCS national title shot chance with 23-10 win at TCU', 'Collin Klein and third-ranked Kansas State bolstered their chances in the national championship chase by doing what Alabama failed to do.The Wildcats beat one of the...', 'TCU coach, K-State alum Patterson sees how good No. 3 Wildcats are now after Frogs lose 23-10', "TCU's Gary Patterson started his coaching career as a graduate assistant for Kansas State's first bowl team.Now he's seen up-close how good his alma mater has become...", 'The 18th-ranked Texas Tech Red Raiders and the TCU Horned Frogs meet on Saturday afternoon in a Longhorn State showdown between two Big 12 Conference hopefuls.Texas ...', 'The longest winning streak in the Football Bowl Subdivision is on the line this weekend in Fort Worth, as the 15th-ranked TCU Horned Frogs welcome the Iowa State Cyc...', 'TCU grabbed its first win against a Big 12 opponent as a member of the conference last week, but this week the 17th- ranked Horned Frogs will welcome the Virginia Ca...', 'Casey Pachall threw three touchdown passes and the 17th-ranked TCU Horned Frogs handled the Virginia Cavaliers, 27-7, on Saturday.Pachall completed 21-of-32 passes f...', 'The 15th-ranked TCU Horned Frogs attempt to stay perfect on the season, as they make the short trek to Dallas to take on the SMU Mustangs on Saturday night.After dem...', 'Casey Pachall threw for 201 yards and three scores on a perfect 9-for-9 passing as No. 20 TCU opened its season with a 56-0 pasting of Grambling State on Saturday at...', 'Greg McCoy returned the second-half kickoff 94 yards for a touchdown, and the TCU defense came up with a big play right after that as the 23rd-ranked Horned Frogs to...', 'Louisiana Tech coach Sonny Dykes got the sense that few people gave his Bulldogs a chance against No. 16 TCU in the Poinsettia Bowl ."If you asked most of the nation...', 'Casey Pachall threw for 335 yards and two touchdowns, both of them to Brandon Carter, and No. 16 TCU beat Kansas 20-6 on Saturday in its Big 12 debut.Carter finished...', 'The TCU Horned Frogs and the Michigan State Spartans are set to clash in the postseason on Dec. 29 at Sun Devil Stadium in Tucson, Arizona in what is now known as th...', "With hopes of winning the Big 12 Conference still alive, the 12th-ranked Oklahoma Sooners hit the road for Saturday's regular-season finale against the TCU Horned Fr...", 'TCU finishes 0-4 at home in the Big 12 after 24-17 loss to No. 12 and league champ Oklahoma', 'On the field where TCU has had so much success over a dozen seasons with Gary Patterson as coach, it was Oklahoma at the end of the day taking pictures to mark anoth...', 'Oklahoma will have to be happy with a share of the Big 12 title.Damien Williams ran for 115 yards and scored a pair of touchdowns, while Landry Jones threw for 244 y...', "The TCU Horned Frogs have found their first season of Big 12 Conference football to be rather difficult, and it doesn't get any easier for the squad as it takes on t...", "Fuller's TD grab, Boyce's 2-point conversion catch in 2nd OT lifts TCU over No. 23 WVU, 39-38", 'Corey Fuller caught a 25-yard touchdown pass and Trevone Boykin threw to Josh Boyce for the 2-point conversion, lifting TCU to a 39-38 double overtime win over No. 2...']