['A small California tech company, AOptix, has produced new app and wrap-around device that turns an iPhone into a biometric scanning tool.', 'The hardware and software system is the first of its kind for the iPhone and will cost $199.', 'The app uses the iPhone camera to snap pictures of faces and record voices while a small sensor on the wrap around device scans fingerprints.', 'A screen grab from the AOptrix eye-scanner facility as captured via an iPhone camera.', 'AOptix believe the technology could prove a valuable and lightweight tool for the likes of police, border agencies and airport customs authorities.', 'The AOptix Stratus is packed with technology which can scan face, iris, fingerprint and voice.', 'Developers hope police, border agencies and airport customs authorities could all benefit from the technology', '(CNN) -- Smartphones are powerful tools, and with the right apps and accessories, they can become even more so. A California-based tech company has launched a tool that turns a regular iPhone 4 or 4S into a powerful biometrics scanning tool. AOptix has unveiled its app and a wrap-around device for turning the smartphone into a portable iris, face, fingerprint and voice scanner.', "In February, the Department of Defense paid AOptix $3 million to develop an enhanced solution using the tool that's being launched today.", "The idea behind this system is to make biometrics recognition easier and mobile. Think of a border protection agency that could use iris recognition at an airport's customs checkpoint, or a police or law enforcement agency that needs to verify identities on the go and can't afford large, cumbersome hardware to do so. That's where Stratus comes in.", 'Making the system work on an iPhone makes everything easier. "If you used an iPhone before, you can use this," said AOptix\'s Director of Product Marketing Joey Pritikin.', "In a teleconference demonstration, Pritikin showed how the system works. The user inserts the iPhone in the device, plugging it in using the 30-pin connector, and then launches the app. The app interface is user-friendly and simple, and lets the user register the biometrics of the person in front of him with relative ease. Using an iPhone also lets the app register GPS coordinates and transmit all the data through the phone's mobile Internet connection.", "The app is designed to help the user determine the distance at which to stand in front of the other person and automatically takes a picture when the subject is in the right range. This automatic capture works both with the iPhone camera and with the built-in iris scanner. All pictures taken are stored and easily accessible within the app. The app allows the user to create a person's profile including his or her iris, face, voice, fingerprints and biographical information. This trove of data is then accessible with the tap of a finger.", 'Pritikin explained that when they started working on the project, they had to decide whether they wanted to use an off-the-shelf product like the iPhone, or develop their own, perhaps using a platform like Android. But they eventually settled on the iPhone for various reasons.', '"It is very secure as a platform, which is, naturally, important to our customers," he said. "[It is] very stable, you can buy the same device globally. They have a very strong ecosystem for supporting accessories like the one we created."', "Pritikin declined to say how much the device costs, stressing the fact that it is not a consumer product but, rather, it is intended for companies or government agencies. Stratus could be used at border crossings, during disaster relief operations (when regular infrastructure for identity verification isn't present), for remote mobile banking or even remote healthcare.", 'Countries like India, which is deploying national ID programs to give every citizen a unique number linked to biometric data (PDF), could also be target customers.', "Asked if there's any country AOptix would refuse to sell their products to, given that they could be used for surveillance and profiling, Pritikin answered that his company follows the guidelines of the U.S. Department of Commerce and won't export their products to countries like Iran or North Korea.", 'Pritikin declined to identify specific customers who have already bought Stratus, but said that the first shipments will be at the end of April.', 'Do you need a new TV, house or limb? All you need is to press print. Take an interactive scroll through to the future of 3D printing.', "See how India's frugal innovators are adapting existing tools and technologies to provide all manner of imaginative low-cost solutions.", "It could easily be a deleted scene from the classic movie, ET, but two British inventors claim to have invented the world's first flying bicycle.", "What's 1,200-years-old, made of wood and responsible for the smart-phone in your pocket? Japan's Toji Pagoda, of course!", 'The inventor of GPS technology, Bradford Parkinson, tells CNN the future of transport is self-driving cars. ', 'It may be constructed from drainage pipes but according to its 18-year-old inventor, this single-person U-boat can plunge to a depth of 30 feet.', "A treasure trove of technological 'firsts', including an incredibly rare Apple 1 computer, goes on auction in Germany", 'How did an ex-cop fashion a fully functioning robot from old hi-fi speakers, DVD players and assorted household items?', "More than 10 billion USB sticks are believed to be in use around the world today ensuring co-inventor, Ajay Bhatt, has a place in tech's unofficial hall of fame.", 'A California tech company has launched a tool that turns a regular iPhone 4 or 4S into a powerful biometrics scanning tool.', 'What\'s four centimeters long, two centimeters high and smaller than the average thumb? The "Little Cyclops" fisheye camera.', 'They are a formidable new force in the tech world -- tween developers with world-class coding skills and firsthand insights into the games kids really want to play.', "The rubber from dandelion roots could be on your car wheels before the decade is out. CNN's Nick Glass visits the Dutch firm pioneering the effort.", 'The notion of self-healing materials might sound a bit "Terminator" -- but the first versions of the technology are destined to hit the market in 2013.']