['Macy\'s. J.C. Penney already launched some designer "shops" last week, including those of Jonathan Adler and  Michael Graves . The company plans to open Martha Stewart shops by Mother\'s Day, CNBC reported. J.C. Penney did not return ', 'have the background of fashion merchandising." Starting with its housewares and home decor design partnership with  Michael Graves  in 1999 (which ended this year), Target pioneered the concept of exclusive, designer lines at affordable prices ', 'have the background of fashion merchandising." Starting with its housewares and home decor design partnership with  Michael Graves  in 1999 (which ended this year), Target pioneered the concept of exclusive, designer lines at affordable prices ', "clocks, chandeliers and tea kettles that would get a special showing at the Whitney Museum in New York. That person,  Michael Graves , an architect known as one of the New York Five, a group of influential modern architects, was behind many of Target's ", "clocks, chandeliers and tea kettles that would get a special showing at the Whitney Museum in New York. That person,  Michael Graves , an architect known as one of the New York Five, a group of influential modern architects, was behind many of Target's ", '605-578-2821; dwdlib.sdln.net/ Central Denver Public Library Denver The Mile-High city chose architect  Michael Graves  to design this postmodern building next to the city\'s art museum. "Colorado is hot stuff in Libraryland," says ', 'Familiar With the Law "From our position, he was not there," said John Spivey, who, alongside fellow attorney  Michael Graves , is representing Dante. The state district attorney\'s office did not immediately return calls made by ABCNews ', 'earlier decision to assign architect  Michael Graves  to modernize the look of its flagship to what customers say about the  Michael Graves  prototype before I say it should 2006, Wyndham asked designer  Michael Graves  to redesign Wyndham Hotels ', 'revolution in hotel bedding. The Smart Chair, designed by  Michael Graves  & Associates, is currently ensconced at select Wyndams upgrades in the works include brighter lighting and a  Michael Graves -designed alarm clock/radio with a music-player ', 'Liz Lange on clothing lines and renowned architect  Michael Graves  on a home collection. Remington considers the GO logical progression. "We started out with Mossimo,  Michael Graves  on the home side ? those are more evergreen," he ', "I got another other very different type of that segment show you this. This off with the same thing here this is  Michael Graves  the designer designed this. And done. This is something called Krypton. And it's a tightly got important now ", "you this. This -- off with the same thing here this is Michael Graves the designer -- designed this. And done. This is -- something called Krypton. And it's a tightly got important now because they're "]