['and, more broadly, the  millennial generation  as a whole. El Rey will of descriptors including  Generation Y , Generation 9/11 and Generation content they consume. The  millennial generation  is more ethnically diverse than any ', 'Do you belong to the " millennial "  generation ? Are you stressed out of your eyeballs with your job, your embarrassing salary, school loans, choosing your Facebook profile ', 'Global Millennial Survey of young people around the world. The poll, which tracked the opinions of 12,000 members of  Generation Y  in more than two dozen countries, paints a portrait of young people as wedded to their texts and emails -- but also highly ', 'Schwabel, a generational expert and author of the forthcoming Promote Yourself: The New Rules for Career Success, believes  Generation Y  (or "Millenials" born between 1976 and 2000) are the real victims. "Almost 60 percent of Millenials have a Bachelor ', 'skews toward older demographics. Tumblr is ridiculously strong in terms of engagement among Millennials and to some extent  Generation Y ," Brian Soils, a principal analyst at Altimeter Group, told ABC News. "The trick for Marissa and co. is to do so without ', 'Hi guys! It\'s time for another episode of "The Jack and Alex Show." This time, we move away from millennials and focus on the next generation that\'ll sell magazine covers (or, more realistically, digital subscriptions and iPad downloads): Generation Z. They love new and different genres of music,', 'get together with a friend, you text or Facebook message them, but here, you knock on their door." The  Millennial generation  has also been hailed as a civic-minded, socially conscious generation, volunteering in record numbers ', 'the attitudes and beliefs of the  millennial generation  in a 2009 survey of young people co-authors on two books on the  millennial generation  , say that the vulnerability that making the world safer." While the  millennial generation  is politically-left leaning by ', 'use of multiple social media platforms could be important in attracting different audiences such as the new  millennial generation  when it comes to a future election cycle. A 2010 study by the Pew Center on Social Media and Young Adults found ', 'and various European countries since late February. The  Generation - Y  blogger and Voces Cubana collective member had been denied missives about life and repression in Cuba on her blog,  Generation Y , and Twitter. Her site reportedly garners 10 million unique ', 'album "True Romance" is available for pre-order on iTunes . Anamanaguchi The band for the  Millennial generation , by the  Millennial generation , Anamanaguchi conquered the Internet with danceable Nintendo-inspired tunes and meme-filled ', 'aren\'t hearing why it\'s important they get involved with the issues they care about ." As he sees it, the  millennial generation  -- mostly the children of baby boomers -- is the can that Washington keeps kicking down the road. "It\'s ', "interview . While young voters across the country tuned in to see the president talk about issues facing the  millennial generation , MTV's Andrew Jenks sat down with a group of students at Georgetown University, arguably one of most politically ", "comprehending. I'm talking about the  millennial generation  and my first guest says we better the professional habits of the  millennial generation  and he's here to tell us all some common themes. About the  millennial generation  these are workers who are in their ", "that it's -- of -- have trouble comprehending. I'm talking about the millennial generation and my first guest says we better learn from this generation of workers because they're changing the professional landscape fast. Doug Aiken is a managing partner of mr. used a social marketing agency that recently conducted a survey about the professional habits of the millennial generation and he's here to tell us all about it -- -- and how are you. I'm so you conducted this survey along with intrepid consultants and you found some common themes. About the millennial generation these are workers who are in their early to mid twenty's and I want us through some of them with -- To ", "think realize that. That's face of a movie back in the ninety's and the kind of cult classic for elective  millennial Generation Y . Any kind of pressure that when you're going that the kind of have those expectations be met on stage because ", "in the ninety's and the -- kind of cult classic for elective millennial Generation Y . Any kind of pressure that when you're going -- that the kind of have those expectations be met on stage because it's ", "over fifty Texan when Taylor sexton was quiet for me my speech about So inadequate it right handed over Generation X. and  Generation Y . let's take a look at how the next generation will inevitably disappoint us. Let's see generation. Jim swayze a typical ", "-- -- So inadequate -- it right handed over Generation X. and Generation Y . let's take a look at how the next generation will inevitably disappoint us. Let's see generation. Jim swayze a typical member are ", "Mitt Romney's Republican National Convention Speech: Demographics Give Feedback Online Through Google Hangouts", "appreciate it we check in the route the the that we that's right as well and that our final group now the the so called  Generation Y . Tiffany you know often. Coming two as she graduated from UC Santa Cruz lives in DC. Tell us what those younger voters ", 'and that our final group now the -- -- the so called Generation Y . Tiffany you know often. Coming two as she graduated from UC Santa Cruz lives in DC. Tell us what those younger voters ', "criticism for the people that want their data fast. Are right let's talk about the gap they're targeting you  millennial generation  that we're going to attract these new customers. The twenty somethings are you got us here in Manhattan they're ", "fast. Are right let's talk about the gap they're targeting -- you millennial generation that we're going to attract these new customers. The twenty somethings are you got us here in Manhattan they're looking across the ", 'about its future in and target those millennial one of them winning Thinking these days Margaret. Well then  millennial generation  thirty and is and as you all talked in the previous segment about all these subgroups who need to turn out for ', 'millennial one of them winning -- Thinking these days Margaret. Well then millennial generation -- -- thirty and -- is and as you all talked in the previous segment about all these subgroups who need to ', 'historically low numbers and that makes a challenge for him to make the and up. And the  millennial generation  we were talking about earlier the  millennial generation  is going to I think create a bubble for victory for Obama there are four million ', 'a challenge for him to make the -- and up. And the millennial generation we were talking about earlier the millennial generation is going to I think create a bubble for victory for Obama there are four million. The land deals that have aged ']