['Dodo bird? Revolutions in  Etiquette  "Throughout history there have to have some form of  etiquette , of hierarchy, of recognition killing one another," said  Judith Martin , who has written the popular syndicated column " Miss Manners " since 1978. In the mid-20th cyclical attempts to overthrow  etiquette  as "artificial and snobbish ', "the social-networking company had followed basic social  etiquette  principles, such as being considerate and candid. It's common sense and time-tested advice of Mister Rogers and  Miss Manners  could help Facebook end the nightmare that threatens to harm ", 'of people. How do we keep them all happy?" Li asks. The  Miss Manners  of the Beijing Olympics never drops her smile, despite tough welcome the world," says Zhang Huiguang, head of municipal  etiquette  campaigns. "We are making progress, and there\'s still ', 'fueled a debate over how to balance free speech with social  etiquette . "The information superhighway has become the mean streets whatever they want with little fear of retribution, says  Judith Martin , who writes the syndicated  Miss Manners  column. Anonymity on the Internet is relative, however ', "cell phones? Send in your  etiquette  questions for the experts We'll look at the role of  etiquette  in the modern world, and convention slide. We talk to  Miss Manners  herself,  Judith Martin , as well as Psychology and Lesley Carlin, of The  Etiquette  Grrls. If so, ABC News ", 'Charleston School of Protocol and  Etiquette  in South Carolina, cautions and when we do, we need good  etiquette ." Playing  Miss Manners  More communication was just says Smith. "Maybe from an  etiquette  standpoint it may not be appropriate ', "course. I gave them a day, and then, in decidedly un- Miss Manners  fashion, I sent a mass e-mail. I assured everyone I was sent e-mails telling me how much they loved me. As far as  etiquette  goes, you're supposed to send out formal cards that say ", 'schmediquette, some might say. But  etiquette  is a sign of proper breeding goes against their earliest  etiquette  lessons from maman. As she discovers that her knowledge of  etiquette  rivals that of  Miss Manners . A BAP without good home training ', "Susan Huston, a sort of  Miss Manners  of North Texas, shared her fashion and  etiquette  expertise with 20 Rangers trained in this area [ etiquette ] , they're going to Training Camp The Arlington  etiquette  expert instructed the young ", "visitors and as ABC's Stephanie reports. Barnicle is a bit  etiquette  training for citizens of the host country. is preparing to It's relatively new. We knew visitors says jungle the  miss manners  of Beijing. You need clean up your house key to the house ", "It's relatively new. We knew -- visitors says jungle -- -- the miss manners of Beijing. You need -- clean up your house -- key to the house cleaning is at 57 million dollar investment in ", 'Webcast: More Democratic Unity, Spiffing Up China and Terrorist-Fighting Patents', "foreign visitors and as ABC's Stephanie reports. it was a bit  etiquette  training for citizens of the host country. is preparing to on. relatively new. We any visitors says Jung moo Jin the  miss manners  of Beijing you need to clean up your house. heat to the house ", '-- relatively new. We -- any visitors says Jung moo Jin the miss manners of Beijing you need to clean up your house. -- heat to the house cleaning is a 57 million dollar investment in ']