["Members of  Generation X , the so-called Slackers Recession, found that  Gen X -ers- the group of Americans Coupland's 1991 novel,  Generation X : Tales for an Accelerated puts a lot of pressure on  Gen X  because they want to be ", "GOP's Barack Obama, minus the intellectual heft intimated by two Ivy League degrees and a law-school faculty post. A  Generation X -er with a name that sounds like change. The author of an American Dream-laced memoir that, audiences are frequently ", 'mobile users from the Silent Generation (born 1946 or before), 65 percent of Baby Boomers (1946-1964) and 80 percent of  Gen X -ers (1965-1976) use their cell phones in the bathroom. But as expected, Generation Y has the highest percentage of multitaskers, using their phones and the john at the same time. Did the same percentage of  Gen Y  wash their hands afterward? Ninety-two percent of those surveyed reported they washed their hands after using the restroom ', 'University of Michigan asked approximately 3,000 adults between the ages of 36 and 39 -- members of the age group known as  Generation X  -- questions about how they responded to the 2009 swine flu pandemic, such as how they kept informed about the illness ', 'population plunge known as  Generation X . Our elders were born computers. But now at 40,  Gen X  can seem like a bust superstar. So here we are,  Generation X  in the shadow of the Silent Gloria Steinem to a  Gen X  Tina Fey. From a Silent ', 'Armstrong stepped onto the moon, inspiring a generation of kids who idolized astronauts and devoured space science. The  Generation X  grew up on the space shuttle, which astronomer and former NASA historian Steven Dick says provided little in the way of ', 'But why wait when there is so much to be done?" "I think it\'s a really strong signal about the possibility of giving by  Gen - X  and  Gen - Y  leaders," Jason Franklin, Executive Director of Bolder Giving, said in an interview with ABC News. "It says you don\'t ', 'those consumers cut back on their auto purchases, that could further hurt Toyota sales. "The two younger generations,  Generation X  and Generation Y, are more skeptical" about the brand, he said. Toyota is also facing stiff competition from new models ', 'drew nearly 53 million viewers to its finale, making it the fourth most-watched series in American history. Members of  Generation X , who are now in their 30s, reacted the same way to the end of "Beverly Hills 90210," the television series about a group ', 'the late 1940s and early 1950s. Members of the so-called  Generation X , who were born between the mid-1960s and early 1970s, are prepared for retirement than late boomers. Some 56 percent of  Gen - X  members are thought to be insufficiently prepared for retirement ', 'Using the most immaculate diamonds in the world, scientists from Argonne and elsewhere are creating a powerful, next  generation X -ray laser that will shine new light on some of the smallest and most complex materials on Earth, potentially leading to ', 'Obviously knowledge is not enough to motivate behavior. First of all we need to get even more information out to  Generation X . And then we need to motivate them to not only get themselves vaccinated but to get their children vaccinated. These ', 'First of all we need to get even more information out to Generation X . And then we need to motivate them to not only get themselves vaccinated but to get their children vaccinated. These young adults ', "typical willing accent over fifty Texan when Taylor sexton was quiet for me my speech about So inadequate it right handed over  Generation X . and Generation Y. let's take a look at how the next generation will inevitably disappoint us. Let's see generation ", "about -- -- -- -- So inadequate -- it right handed over Generation X . and Generation Y. let's take a look at how the next generation will inevitably disappoint us. Let's see generation. Jim swayze a ", 'While many  gen X  are complaining about their entertainment being lost in history New Kids On The Block to 90210 Tinseltown is experiencing a  gen X  replay and tell us more about this  gen X  installer just. Is living Goodman from blender magazine ', "While many gen X -- are complaining about their entertainment being lost in history. It looks like many general wires are looking to bring back blast from the past. From New Kids On The Block to 90210 Tinseltown is experiencing a gen X replay and tell us more about this gen X installer just. Is living Goodman from blender magazine. Lizzy thanks for joining us today thanks so much for having me tell us all about this gen X nostalgia factor -- what's going on here and why. Well I think part of the reason we're seeing so many gen -- ", "In today's tech is Microsoft getting ready to unveil its next  Generation X . box on May 21. Online reports speculate that the new system will require a constant Internet connection and will cost 500 dollars ", "In today's tech -- is Microsoft getting ready to unveil its next Generation X . box on May 21. Online reports speculate that the new system will require a constant Internet connection and will cost 500 dollars. ", "floor. He is covering the 42-year-old from wisconsin. Jon? Reporter: His biggest moment. Diane, this is the first  generation x -er we've seen on a national ticket. What a journey he's taken here. I first met him not long after he first came ", "from wisconsin. Jon? Reporter: His biggest moment. Diane, this is the first generation x -er we've seen on a national ticket. What a journey he's taken here. I first met him not long after he first came "]