["Today marks the the if you didn't realize that today is  leap day  in court and I love this stalemate comes around of course every four years which works and anyone's neighbor who was actually ", "-- -- the -- -- if you didn't realize that today is leap day in court and I love this stalemate comes around of course every four years which works and anyone's neighbor who was actually ", "this quadrennial February 20 ninth after all. not surprising Ned potter has the answer. In Orlando man decided to celebrate  leap day  by 366. Times. It's not his fault the problem is of the doesn't go around the sun in the exactly 365. Days. It's ", "surprising Ned potter has the answer. In Orlando man decided to celebrate leap day by -- 366. Times. It's not his fault the problem is of the -- doesn't go around the sun in the exactly ", "You're in Orlando today check out City Hall there's a performance art is on the top of a twelve foot ladder in the city common plaza. Feldman will be leaky leaping off the latter's 366. Times today why. It's all in honor of lead because we have 366. Days this year whereas the others of course have", "there. Yesterday about some  leap year  deals today of course being  leap day  everyone in full celebration think that's how we celebrate  leap day  I don't know I know that retailer pat yourself agree.  Leap day  and he. Drink and you don't ", "interest in fact it put into perspective there. Yesterday -- about some leap year deals today of course being -- leap day everyone in full celebration making their resolutions for Lee thank you got some more deals force today. I don't know -- this makes -- I wish I think that's how we celebrate leap day I don't know I know that I don't we didn't get a card. Idea of tearing ordeals team members of -- five Downey's I'm not gonna take personal credit for this I Caribou Coffee byline -- free today. Einstein bagels by one lunch sandwich and get one -- that go out -- yourself whether it's at those retailers are not at a retailer pat yourself agree. Leap day and -- -- he. Drink and you don't have to turn the reds in but till tomorrow because you an -- -- ", "year had to a close we had the President's Day sale but then we also are now getting a  leap day  sale. That's right Circuit City is using this  leap year  as a paid for another sell anything to get consumers in the door. Target which markets ", "the President's Day sale but then we also are now getting a leap day sale. That's right Circuit City is using this leap year as a paid for another sell anything to get consumers in the door. Target which markets itself as a more sophisticated Wal-Mart ", 'This has been a true  leap year  daredevil jumping from higher and higher heights and tonight the wildest yet a man who spent nearly one week. Climbing one of ', 'This has been a true leap year daredevil jumping from higher and higher heights and tonight the wildest yet a man who spent nearly one week. Climbing one of ', "His side his granddaughter this to me and. Merry Christmas and to pan I'm Margaret Connolly on a much to done this on the  leap day  of Tokyo. This light display is back after an eleven year hiatus and this season and has an eco friendly game. Using low ", "I'm Margaret Connolly on a much to -- done this on the leap day of Tokyo. This light display is back after an eleven year hiatus and this season and has an eco friendly game. Using "]