["leading up to have been a time of  fasting  prayer and reflection. But At from Ash Wednesday and  Easter  forty days of  fasting  but this year with a high tech twitters. Not on Fridays in  lent  let's just thought it everyone is the Pope just not during  lent  and definitely not during Matt ", "years the days leading up to -- have been a time of fasting prayer and reflection. But with technology now such a big part of our lives it's getting more difficult to remove every day distractions. David Wright has more. At from Ash Wednesday and Easter forty days of fasting but this year with a high tech twist. -- Roman Catholic bishops and Italy have urged the faithful to give up instant messaging relent no tax no twitters. Not on Fridays in lent let's just thought it everyone is always chatting on the cellphone sending messages sent this man. He clearly likes the idea. -- ", "your of course when many Christians give up something for  lent . For some that can mean so they're chocolate but this year Vatican in a Twitter. Here's David From Ash Wednesday the  Easter  forty days of  fasting . And along hundred of Huntsville Alabama gave up chocolate ", "title of your of course when many Christians give up something for lent . For some that can mean so they're chocolate but this year they're seems to be a more high tech choice it is impressing parents. It may even have the Vatican in a Twitter. Here's David -- From Ash Wednesday the Easter forty days of fasting . And along hundred of Huntsville Alabama gave up chocolate as usual. But her daughter Danielle took a much more modern approach and ", 'new Pope by mid march. That would mean a new Pope would be in place just before  Easter . Wednesday the beginning of  lent  the forty day period leading up to  Easter  begins this week. So of course is a crucial probably the most important forty days ', 'That would mean a new Pope would be in place just before Easter . -- Wednesday the beginning of lent the forty day period leading up to Easter begins this week. So of course is a crucial probably the most important forty days in the Catholic -- Significant spiritual -- ', "conclave. Do you think there's a pope by  easter ? Oh, I do. I think they very much want Joseph's day is right up there with  easter  and christmas as a feast day that you can meat, you can do anything you want during  lent , and it would be a day that they could ", "back for the papal conclave. Do you think there's a pope by easter ? Oh, I do. I think they very much want to have a pope by palm sunday which IS MARCH 24th. THE DAY TO LOOK FOR, MARCH 19th, St. Joseph's day. I just learned as a catholic of so many years that st. Joseph's day is right up there with easter and christmas as a feast day that you can eat meat, you can do anything you want during lent , and it would be a day that they could rejoice more than most lenten days. We'll certainly put it on our calendar. ", "And it's happening just 48 hours before the holy season of  lent  begins. ABC's Jeffrey isn't wrong with what we think happened billion Catholics around the world should have a new poll by  Easter . All right Jeffrey thank you and of course that new Pope will ", "Years. And it's happening just 48 hours before the holy season of lent begins. ABC's Jeffrey -- isn't wrong with what we think happened -- right. Good evening Diane it's as if an earthquake has ", "598 years. And it's happening just 48 hours before the holy season of  lent  begins. Abc's jeffrey kofman is in rome with what we think happened That means a billion catholics around the world should have a new pope by  easter .", "years. And it's happening just 48 hours before the holy season of lent begins. Abc's jeffrey kofman is in rome with what we think happened. Jeffrey? Reporter: Good evening, diane. It's as if an earthquake ", 'catholic household. We were not, as you call them in your book, creasters. They go to mass on  easter  and christmas. Every day during advent and  lent . Always in the front row. So many catholic stories growing up that everyone can relate to ', 'you call them in your book, creasters. They go to mass on easter and christmas. Every day during advent and lent . Always in the front row. So many catholic stories growing up that everyone can relate to. My biggest fear throughout the book ', "years the days leading up to  Easter  have been a time of  fasting  prayer and reflection. But Oh from Ash Wednesday and  Easter  forty days of  fasting  but this year with a high twitters. Not on Fridays in  lent  that's thought it everyone ", "Christian tradition of land for 2000 years the days leading up to Easter have been a time of fasting prayer and reflection. But with technology now such a big part of our lives it's getting more difficult to remove every day distractions. David Wright has more. Oh from Ash Wednesday and Easter forty days of fasting but this year with a high tech twist. -- Roman Catholic bishops and Italy have urged the faithful to give up instant messaging relent no tax no twitters. Not on Fridays in lent that's -- thought it everyone is always chatting on the cellphone sending messages sent this man. He clearly likes the idea and ", "responsible for jesus' death. The news comes just one week before Ash Wednesday marking the start of  lent  the forty day fast in anticipation of  Easter . Here at home and eagerly anticipated apple event and apple CEO Steve Jobs emerged from his medical ", 'news comes just one week before Ash Wednesday marking the start of lent the forty day fast in anticipation of Easter . Here at home and eagerly anticipated apple event and apple CEO Steve Jobs emerged from his medical lead to a standing ovation. ', "yes yes but I'm very lucky you know I had some friends helping me out if you go to eBay. And  lent  and you can get these little bunnies for  Easter . Great to percent of proceeds go to Autism Speaks and helps kids like me and your family members ", "some friends -- helping me out if you go to eBay. And lent and you can get these little bunnies for Easter . Great to percent of proceeds go to Autism Speaks and helps kids like me and your family members so that's -- great ", "as a and they add it's just sought an autopsy have a nice  lent  on them. And not just laboring. Car's exhaust components intensify intensify intensified nature of that lately coming out  Easter  there. And we like to add like seize on everything it just ", "a and they add it's just sought an autopsy have a nice lent on them. And not just laboring. Car's exhaust components don't just have sausage flavoring and I have -- nice shots in the "]