["leads the mass for Ash Wednesday, opening  Lent , the 40 day period of abstinence and deprivation for the Christians before Holy Week and  Easter , Feb. 13, 2013 at St. Peter's Basilica Peter's Basilica at the end of the  Easter  Mass on April 8, 2012. (L'Osservatore ", 'arrived, he was not there. "He was up there just enjoying  Easter  morning looking at the vista," said Caldwell. "We don\'t said. Surrounding counties and the U.S. Border Patrol have  lent  resources to the search for Pino. He is described as 6 feet ', 'been the best month of our lives." "We thought it would be like  Lent  growing up," he said, referring to the Christian practice of prayer and  fasting  40 days before  Easter . "You give something up and then it\'s a party." But in the end ', 'flipped flapjacks. Shrove Tuesday, the day before  Lent , is sometimes called "Pancake Tuesday" because their sugar, milk and eggs by making pancakes before  fasting  during  Lent . Click here to watch Prince William and Kate Middleton\'s ', 'Lord," was launched at the beginning of the Christian  fasting  period of  Lent  by Paris-based telephone messaging service Aabas Interactive service during the last week of March, at the end of  Lent . Penitents can call two different numbers, for 20 or ', 'I\'ve been asked a few times this  Lent  what I\'m "giving up." I think people surprised a few with my answer. This  Lent  I\'m giving up -- or at least trying to believe it. Which brings me back to  Lent . I\'ve been trying to be conscious of  fasting  from residing in the land of comparison ', 'every year as the first day of the season of  Lent , which lasts for 40 days (not counting Sundays) until  Easter  Sunday. On Ash Wednesday, worshippers attend of repentance and promise, knowing that  Lent  is a time for millions to renew faith and ', 'killed to near-extinction for their fur or meat. In particular, beaver was a popular  Easter  dish. During  Lent , the period of  fasting  prior to  Easter , people were forbidden from eating meat. The church, however, had declared that beaver ', "time, it seemed like forever. Special occasions such as  Easter  were even worse. For these, she dolled us up in foustanellas, outfits excruciating hours in rapid-fire Greek. It was trying during  Lent , when the first day's bite of food, near the end ", "ABC News' Kristi Berner reports: For two-thousand years, the days leading up to  Easter  have been a time of  fasting , prayer and reflection for many Christians. But with technology now such a big part of our lives, it's getting more difficult ", 'fast" for 40 days in observance of  Lent , the period in the Christian calendar almost everything in our modern lives. " Lent  is a traditional time when we talk about take care of it," said Edens. This  Lent , the churchgoing Sheppard family has ', "currently in its cold  lent . Now if you watched you know it comes.  Lent  comes from father who time that Jesus spent  fasting  but there a lot of other days From Ash Wednesday  Easter  don't think make that Thursday Good Friday. The  Easter  vigil. This time to think of a particular  lent  like we do into the make a better person  fasting . You realizing you ", "for Christians would be that's the amount of time that Jesus spent fasting but there -- a lot of other big forty day principals -- I didn't know the forty days that's how long Jesus ", "forty days so now is a forty days -- From Ash Wednesday Easter don't think make -- -- that it is forty years is -- of the sentinel. This Saturday is going to do for the Friday -- center actually 46 states so why why is awarded 46 -- I don't know -- Because Sunday is don't -- -- contrast -- the fast on Sunday right I read that. So -- this fasting that important visited the Triad of land is fasting mom's giving and prayer but as the fasting that important. Was certainly -- Ash Wednesday and Good Friday in their fast and abstinence days so you don't eat meat. He abstaining from and you fast meaning only one full meal on Ash Wednesday and Good Friday. Com we think -- -- by the way not eating meat and fasting . As penance I am I am okay. With kind of neutral rules that just kind of -- -- -- faith. You even ", "education. And then therefore that would make -- a better person -- fasting . You realizing you need and desire from -- seems like an easy way out as far as I'm concerned it's much easier ", "leading up to have been a time of  fasting  prayer and reflection. But At from Ash Wednesday and  Easter  forty days of  fasting  but this year with a high tech twitters. Not on Fridays in  lent  let's just thought it everyone is the Pope just not during  lent  and definitely not during Matt ", "years the days leading up to -- have been a time of fasting prayer and reflection. But with technology now such a big part of our lives it's getting more difficult to remove every day distractions. David Wright has more. At from Ash Wednesday and Easter forty days of fasting but this year with a high tech twist. -- Roman Catholic bishops and Italy have urged the faithful to give up instant messaging relent no tax no twitters. Not on Fridays in lent let's just thought it everyone is always chatting on the cellphone sending messages sent this man. He clearly likes the idea. -- ", "your of course when many Christians give up something for  lent . For some that can mean so they're chocolate but this year Vatican in a Twitter. Here's David From Ash Wednesday the  Easter  forty days of  fasting . And along hundred of Huntsville Alabama gave up chocolate ", "title of your of course when many Christians give up something for lent . For some that can mean so they're chocolate but this year they're seems to be a more high tech choice it is impressing parents. It may even have the Vatican in a Twitter. Here's David -- From Ash Wednesday the Easter forty days of fasting . And along hundred of Huntsville Alabama gave up chocolate as usual. But her daughter Danielle took a much more modern approach and ", 'new Pope by mid march. That would mean a new Pope would be in place just before  Easter . Wednesday the beginning of  lent  the forty day period leading up to  Easter  begins this week. So of course is a crucial probably the most important forty days ', 'That would mean a new Pope would be in place just before Easter . -- Wednesday the beginning of lent the forty day period leading up to Easter begins this week. So of course is a crucial probably the most important forty days in the Catholic -- Significant spiritual -- ', "conclave. Do you think there's a pope by  easter ? Oh, I do. I think they very much want Joseph's day is right up there with  easter  and christmas as a feast day that you can meat, you can do anything you want during  lent , and it would be a day that they could ", "back for the papal conclave. Do you think there's a pope by easter ? Oh, I do. I think they very much want to have a pope by palm sunday which IS MARCH 24th. THE DAY TO LOOK FOR, MARCH 19th, St. Joseph's day. I just learned as a catholic of so many years that st. Joseph's day is right up there with easter and christmas as a feast day that you can eat meat, you can do anything you want during lent , and it would be a day that they could rejoice more than most lenten days. We'll certainly put it on our calendar. ", "And it's happening just 48 hours before the holy season of  lent  begins. ABC's Jeffrey isn't wrong with what we think happened billion Catholics around the world should have a new poll by  Easter . All right Jeffrey thank you and of course that new Pope will ", "Years. And it's happening just 48 hours before the holy season of lent begins. ABC's Jeffrey -- isn't wrong with what we think happened -- right. Good evening Diane it's as if an earthquake has ", "598 years. And it's happening just 48 hours before the holy season of  lent  begins. Abc's jeffrey kofman is in rome with what we think happened That means a billion catholics around the world should have a new pope by  easter .", "years. And it's happening just 48 hours before the holy season of lent begins. Abc's jeffrey kofman is in rome with what we think happened. Jeffrey? Reporter: Good evening, diane. It's as if an earthquake "]