['a half of snow, and the cold weather could last into April. For parts of the Midwest, this will be the coldest  first day of spring  since 1965. 2. Suspected Hacking Investigated in South Korea Police in South Korea are investigating reported computer ', 'With the  first day of spring  comes the promise of longer days, flowers in bloom, and the first robin of spring. But before we get a chance to revel in the ', "a carry-on) and preparing to head off to New Zealand for two weeks. The challenge: I'll be arriving on the  first day of spring  and traveling to many different regions (including a beach and a glacier), so I've been advised to pack for ", 'taste the fruits (and vegetables) of their labors. So in 2009, on a chilly and windy, but thankfully sunny,  first day of spring , I joined twenty-three fifth graders from Bancroft Elementary School in Washington, D.C., with shovels ', 'This year, the  first day of spring , or the vernal equinox , arrives 2. In celebration of the  first day of spring , Outback Steakhouse is offering celebrating its 20th annual  first day of spring  with a free regular size serving ', "ABC NEWS' Yunji de Nies Reports: First lady Michelle Obama ushered in the  first day of spring  with a groundbreaking on the South Lawn of the White House. The Obamas plan to grow their own organic vegetables, berries and herbs ", "It's the  first day of spring  and Rocco Dispirito's fresh recipes are a great way to celebrate. Put away the stews and chowders that have helped keep you ", "It's the  first day of spring , and Rocco Dispirito's fresh recipes are a great way to celebrate. Put away the stews and chowders that have helped keep you ", "It's the  first day of spring  and Rocco Dispirito's fresh recipes are a great way to celebrate. Put away the stews and chowders that have helped keep you ", "anniversary of the beginning of the Iraq war. Watch ABC News all this week for special coverage. Saturday brings the  first day of spring ; Wyoming, Alaska and Guam hold Democratic caucuses. ABC News Vote 2004: Spain: It's no secret that the pan-Atlantic ", "anniversary of the beginning of the Iraq war. Watch ABC News all this week for special coverage. Saturday brings the  first day of spring ; Wyoming, Alaska and Guam hold Democratic caucuses. ABC News Vote 2004: Spain: It's no secret that the pan-Atlantic ", 'Mazar-e Sharif this week, thousands of Afghans filled the streets for celebrations of Nauroz, which marks the  first day of spring  and the Afghan new year. Prayers and Charms Traveling mystics of the Sufi sect have made a triumphal return to the ', "seventeen years of war. War, fighting that's all I've ever known since I was born on March 20, 1980, the  first day of spring . But even under the Soviets, even under the rocket fire of the feuding military factions, even in the ruins ", "ABC news now store here. Next up is our collaboration with Google and among today's top rising searches is the  first day of spring . Clearly there are a lot of folks tired of winter and they are jumping the gun but only by a day or so the Vernal ", "our collaboration with Google and among today's top rising searches is the first day of spring . Clearly there are a lot of folks tired of winter and they are jumping the gun but only by a day or ", "planted itself on an area stretching from Texas to Minnesota. Creating a roller coaster ride of crazy weather on this  first day of spring  and ABC's meteorologist ginger Headed out last night to watch for tornadoes she's in temple Texas now. Cars ", "to Minnesota. Creating a roller coaster ride of crazy weather on this first day of spring and ABC's meteorologist ginger -- Headed out last night to watch for tornadoes she's in temple Texas now. Cars submerged. Rivers in ", 'Spring begins in the Northern Hemisphere when the days are getting longer gaining more than three minutes of sunlight each most of the US. And what and so Malaysian goes you can take an instead and today and only today. Or maybe not it all has to do with the angle of the earth to the of the', "and South Korea the most testing so the absolute numbers appear higher. And now we turn to new day in America the  first day of spring  though for millions of us that doesn't feel like it at all there's a picture that says that all the snow surrounding ", "appear higher. And now we turn to new day in America the first day of spring though for millions of us that doesn't feel like it at all there's a picture that says that all the snow surrounding ", 'proposals picked the Vernal equinox which is today the  first day of spring . Because equal days of day and night we thought air national Mosul Baghdad and also Dallas is the  first day of spring  hobbling on. And we want to thank you as almost ', 'to marriage proposals -- picked the Vernal equinox which is today the first day of spring . Because -- equal days of day and night we thought it was like an equal time -- art at the that helps ', "-- fireworks fly air national Mosul Baghdad and also Dallas is the first day of spring hobbling on. And -- we want to thank you as almost two -- we'll -- here 9 AM eastern daylight. ", 'Winter officially ends tonight tomorrow the  first day of spring . But as so many of us know this is spring gone wild overnight twisters were telling through the heartland. In the east more than ', 'Winter officially ends tonight tomorrow the first day of spring . But as so many of us know this is spring gone wild overnight twisters were telling through the heartland. In the east ', "We're less than a month away from that  first day of spring  but for any of you hope that the worst to winner has already passed mother message today is who are you kidding. Tonight a single ", "We're less than a month away from that first day of spring but for any of you -- -- hope that the worst to winner has already passed mother -- message today is who "]