["Andy Murray insists he can cope with the burden of shouldering a nation's growing expectations that he will finally end the 77-year wait for a British man to win Wim...", "'Didn't do what I do best': 2012 Wimbledon champ Serena Williams' 34-match winning streak ends", 'Serena Williams sounded far less surprised than pretty much anyone else that her 34-match winning streak ended.At Wimbledon, where she was seeded No. 1 and is a five...', 'No less than five men pulled out of the Wimbledon draw Wednesday, including sixth-seeded Jo-Wilfried Tsonga, 10th- seeded Croat Marin Cilic and 18th-seeded American ...', "Djokovic, Murray, del Potro haven't lost a set heading into Wimbledon quarterfinals", 'Neither No. 1-seeded Novak Djokovic nor No. 2-seeded Andy Murray has lost a set heading into the Wimbledon quarterfinals.The way things have been this fortnight, tha...', 'At unpredictable Wimbledon, Djokovic, Murray steer clear of trouble on way to quarters', 'No. 1-seeded Novak Djokovic and No. 2 Andy Murray have yet to lose a set, let alone a match, so far at Wimbledon.The way things have been going at the All England Cl...', 'Novak Djokovic tackles Tomas Berdych for a place in the Wimbledon semi-finals Wednesday still feeling the raw pain of his defeat to the Czech at the All England Club...', 'With support from Clijsters, Flipkens takes next step on comeback by reaching Wimbledon semis', 'When Kirsten Flipkens found herself on the sideline, her list of true supporters grew thinner by the day.One of the folks who always remained on that list was anothe...', 'World No. 1 and former Wimbledon champion Novak Djokovic and former U.S. Open titlist Juan Martin del Potro were a pair of straight-set quarterfinal winners Wednesda...', 'Djokovic y Murray, 2 sobrevivientes en Wimbledon, encabezan programa de cuartos de final', 'El primer preclasificado Novak Djokovic y el segundo Andy Murray no han perdido un solo set en lo que va de Wimbledon. Y ante las sorpresas que ha deparado el torneo...', "World No. 1 and former Wimbledon champion Novak Djokovic, last year's runner-up Andy Murray and former U.S. Open titlist Juan Martin del Potro were a trio of quarter...", 'Top seed Milos Raonic suffered a second-round upset Wednesday at the $625,000 Aegon International, a final grass-court Wimbledon tune-up.Capable Croat Ivan Dodig sen...', 'Eastbourne standout Andreas Seppi continued his winning ways at this tournament with a quarterfinal victory Thursday at the $625,000 Aegon International, a final gra...', 'Second seed Gilles Simon moved on, while Eastbourne standout Andreas Seppi continued his winning ways at this tournament with a quarterfinal victory Thursday at the ...', 'For the second time in two years Rafael Nadal suffered one of the biggest upsets in Wimbledon history, while reigning champion and seven-time overall winner Roger Fe...', 'Eighth-seeded Fernando Verdasco  beats 31st-seeded David Nalbandian in US Open third round', 'Eighth-seeded Fernando Verdasco beat 31st-seeded David Nalbandian 6-2, 3-6, 6-3, 6-2 in the third round of the U.S. Open.Verdasco is through to the round of 16 at a ...', 'Marcel Granollers beats Fernando Verdasco  in 3 sets in all-Spanish final at Swiss Open', 'Marcel Granollers won the Swiss Open for his first title in three years, beating Fernando Verdasco 6-4, 3-6, 6-3 on clay Sunday in an all-Spanish final.The only othe...']