['well. Japan Scrambles Jets After  Chinese  Flyover Japan scrambled fighter jets Wednesday after a  Chinese  military plane flew through international the Senkaku in Japan and Diaoyu in  China , off the coast of Okinawa are believed ', "China 's Twitter-like weibo microblogging services for commenting on the events of the day in  China 's otherwise tightly controlled media landscape however, the comments about disgraced  Chinese  politician Bo Xilai's indictment for alleged ", 'S. but faced headwinds in Japan,  China  and Europe where sales languished Sales of Japanese auto brands in  China  suffered after anti-Japanese sentiment dispute over tiny uninhabited islands.  China  sales in January through March plunged ', "state newspaper says  China  will spend $275 billion next five years. The  China  Daily said Thursday the plan targets  Beijing , the neighboring economic development.  China 's major cities have frustration. The  China  Daily said the latest ", "boosted European markets.  China 's weak manufacturing on sentiment in Asia.  China 's slowdown is in large to shift the basis of  China 's growth away from to 21,900.96 and  China 's  Shanghai  Composite dropped 0 ", "controls, as  China  defended a watch on a  Chinese  early warning in the East  China  Sea. Japanese a sign of  China 's escalating time since  Beijing  revamped the called Diaoyu by  China  and Senkaku by Japan.  Chinese  websites ran defenses against  China 's increased parts of the  South China Sea , another area ", "the remainder of the year as  China 's economic slowdown and the considering an increase in its  China  car production by building more production lines at its third  Chinese  factory completed last year.  China 's government will continue ", "day sparked by weakness in  China 's economy. Benchmark released Wednesday showed  China 's manufacturing at an second-largest economy.  China 's slowdown is in large economy is unlikely and  Chinese  demand for oil is unlikely to ", 'Bock said Thursday the economic environment "remains volatile." He said the Europe economy was shrinking slightly while  China  "is no longer running at full power" and US expansion was only moderate. He said the company was "clearly feeling these ', "attended Wednesday's private service in Colma for the three  Chinese  girls who died. No further details were provided. KGO-TV reports that the parents of the girls spoke at the service. The  Chinese  consul general also attended. The girls were killed when a ", 'U.S.,  Chinese  and North Korean war veterans have joined leader Kim Jong Un at an event marking the 60th anniversary of the end of the Korean ', "Imax and a  Chinese  partner plan to open up to 120 giant-screen cinemas in  China 's fast-growing film market. Imax Corp. and Wanda Cinema Line Corp., Asia's biggest cinema operator, said Thursday the ", "Baidu Inc., which operates  China 's most popular search engine, says its fledgling mobile business grew.  Beijing -based Baidu said Thursday it earned business serving the growing number of  Chinese  who go online via smartphones and ", 'Huawei Technologies, a  Chinese  telecommunications firm Committee over alleged ties  Chinese  intelligence services had been constructed with  Chinese  investment money obtained McAuliffe to business in  China . LaCivita said he expects ', 'Official Chinese  Media Report Ex-Politician Bo Xilai Has Been Indicted on Corruption Charges', 'Official  Chinese  media report ex-politician Bo Xilai has been indicted on corruption charges.', 'only by their initials, who were allegedly forced to engage in prostitution. Prosecutors allege the massage parlors recruited women by placing ads in a  Chinese -language newspaper in New York and Los Angeles for women to work at a spa.', 'beans futures. Crude oil slumped nearly 2 percent after  China  reported weak manufacturing data. Gold for August delivery since June 21 following sluggish manufacturing data from  China  and a down day on the stock market. Oil for September delivery ', "stronger results. Revenue more than doubled at some of Las Vegas Sands' five Macau properties. Macau is the only place in  China  where gambling is legal. But sales rose less than 6 percent at its two Las Vegas casinos, the Venetian and Palazzo. The ", 'manufacturing data from  China  and falling U.S. stock released Wednesday showed  China \'s manufacturing at an performance that puts pressure on  Chinese  leaders to reverse a deepening outlook for demand growth" in  China , said a note from Sucden ', 'resolution of the U.N. Security Council. Russia and  China  have already vetoed three Western-backed resolutions aimed since the conflict began 2 1/2 years ago, with Russia and  China  supporting the Syrian regime. The violence in Syria has ']