["Caterpillar's earnings fell 43 percent in the second quarter as  China 's economy slowed and commodity prices sank. The company helped Ford Motor post higher quarterly profits. Sales in  China  also jumped 47 percent in the first six months of the year ", 'a policy widely seen as a U.S. effort to counter  China \'s rising power in the region and the world. Biden also starting three-way talks between the U.S, India and  China . "All three of us and the entire region would benefit if ', 'director for Greater  China . The appointment of photography. " China  is undergoing dramatic video news editor for  China , Edelsten will manage photos and video for  China , Taiwan and Hong Edelsten transferred to  Beijing  to lead AP\'s video including the new  Chinese  leadership and the ', "wrote that the bartender who made the video was offended by how Romney treated the caterers and by Romney's comments about a  Chinese  sweatshop and this affected his determination to make it public. Alter cites Obama's combination of a skilled campaign team ", "conducting a secondary review of its pending takeover by  China 's largest meat producer. The Smithfield, Va.-based would be the largest takeover of a U.S. company by a  Chinese  firm, valued at about $7.1 billion including debt.", 'Chinese  authorities are expected to issue formal charges against ousted politician Bo Xilai as early as this week, according to a person ', 'source for rare earth elements has been  China .  China , however, has jacked up prices dramatically two years. As reported by the AP ,  China  raised the price of Neodymium, used from $15 a kilogram to $500.  Chinese  Dysprosium, used in lasers, went ', 'of $1.69 per share on revenue of $15.09 billion. The global mining industry is slowing because of slower growth in  China  and slower demand for mining gear. Shares of Caterpillar Inc. fell almost 2 percent in premarket trading Wednesday.', 'affected by the corruption probe underway in  China .  Chinese  police say four employees of GSK  China  are suspected of paying bribes to doctors and prescribe medications. The company says its  China  finance director has been barred since June ', 'challenging  Chinese  leaders trying to make  China  more like near term.  Beijing  has resisted growth in  China \'s retail though, show  Beijing  is struggling points. " China \'s economy that creates  China \'s new wealth decline in  Chinese  growth could ', 'territorial waters around the East  China  Sea islands called Diaoyu by  China  and Senkaku by Japan.  Chinese  websites ran photos reportedly white and blue striped  China  coast guard livery. The overlapping claims to parts of the  South China Sea .', "Chinese  police have detained an activist Hongfei was detained Monday by  Beijing  police on the charge of after a man set off a bomb at  Beijing 's airport, Wu wrote on housing commission offices.  Beijing  police did not respond to ", "fourth child because he didn't pay a penalty for violating  China 's strict family planning laws stabbed to death two government injured four others. The incident illustrates how disliked  China 's family planning policy is, more than 30 years after ", 'friends showed up at her village after the war and told her that he and Park had been held at a prison camp, either in  China  or North Korea, according to the son, Park Yong Ho, who was five when his father went to war. Hong travelled around ', "Anger over soldier's death undermines Taiwan's military amid crucial all-volunteer transition", "be no secret, but the actress doesn't think she'd be likely to play the superheroine on the big screen. The  Chinese - American  Munn says she likely wouldn't be considered due to her heritage as well as competition from bigger-name actresses ", "a survey showed  Chinese  manufacturing fell benchmarks in Japan and  China  sank after HSBC said its preliminary  China  purchasing managers to the health of  China 's economy, the next month. The  Shanghai  Composite Index in mainland  China  tumbled 1.3 percent economic data from  China  that's not good investors' hopes that  Beijing  would consider new ", "China  says Vice President of the Korean War.  China  fought on the North's the highest-level  Chinese  official to visit North father in December 2011.  China  registered its displeasure to send an envoy to  Beijing  in May."]