['immigrant. So she and her father took the trip down to the Juarez consulate, only to realize they counted dates wrong because of  leap year . Olivas was late by one day, initially told she would not be issued her long-term visa and without a "humanitarian parole ', 'immigration lawyer. Sarah Moshe, Olivas\' lawyer, told the paper that her firm did not take into account that this is a  leap year . Many law firms use legal calendars as a way of tracking important dates that do not add the extra day in February. "She ', 'obvious age difference, Dick has never been happier. She brings a lot of light into his life." Palmer said the couple\'s  Leap Day  nuptials were a "private ceremony near Dick\'s house in Malibu." Van Dyke\'s first marriage ended in divorce; he later ', 'day indeed, it is only fitting to encourage others to speak up and raise awareness about rare health problems. This year,  leap day  is also Rare Disease Day , an annual, awareness-driven international event to alert people of the more than 7,000 rare ', '28th since it\'s within my birth month;  leap - year  babies call this being a \'Strict Februarian People would rather have the baby on  Leap Day ," Sara Channing, spokeswoman for Orlando\'s because their computer doesn\'t support  Leap Day ," said Peter Brouwer, with one might ', "here are some political factoids with  Leap Year  connections. And if it weren't for one  Leap Year  in particular, Americans would celebrate signed the Declaration of Independence in a  Leap Year . If it weren't for that extra day ", 'the Kimpton hotels participating in the  Leap Year  Sale. (Image credit: Courtesy Ron the gun a bit when I reported on three  Leap Year  travel deals earlier this month. Since hotels and one airline getting in on the  Leap Year  fun. Frontier Airlines : To my knowledge ', "the hotel industry will find it and do just that. This is a  leap year , meaning there's 366 days - one more than the usual 365 one website are offering deals to coincide with the Feb. 29  leap day . The Somerset on Grace Bay , Turks & Caicos The luxury resort's ", 'told his wife the stacks totaled $17,885, amounting to one dollar for each day the couple has been married. "I forgot  leap year  so I guess I owe you," Arthur told his wife. Getting the gift was no easy feat. Arthur Schumacher spent most of the day ', "off-line. Sony says the glitch had to do with the machine's internal clock, which were programmed to think yesterday was  February 29th . MLB 2K10 Review Although Spring training is in full swing, baseball season begins today for video game fans. The popular ", 'system keeps on subtracting 365 days (or 366, in the case of a  leap year ) from the total number of days, adding one to the year value have noticed the single botched element in the code. On a  leap year , there are 366 days in a year. December 31 is the 366th day ', "January 1, 2009. Microsoft says it will also issue a fix for the device so that this problem won't re-occur the next  leap year , in 2012. To Fix Your Zune Follow These Steps: 1. Disconnect your Zune from USB and AC power sources. 2. Because the ", 'the problem immediately and isolated the issue: a bug in the internal clock driver related to the way the device handles a  leap year . "That being the case, the issue should be resolved over the next 24 hours as the time change moves to January 1, 2009 ', '250. So the possibilities of having identical twins who are  leap year  babies is incredibly there Emmons says there are other reasons away in 2004 before they were born but they were born the next  leap day . Rihanna and loved dancing for that reason momma sterling ', "won in 250. So the possibilities of having identical twins who are leap year babies is incredibly -- there -- Emmons says there are other reasons she has a special connection to this day. Actually that was my mother's birthday also humans born on late day. And she passed away in 2004 before they were born but they were born the next leap day . Rihanna and -- loved dancing for that reason momma sterling vision -- ballerina party and install -- powering them ballet and the ", "Today marks the the if you didn't realize that today is  leap day  in court and I love this stalemate comes around of course every four years which works and anyone's neighbor who was actually ", "-- -- the -- -- if you didn't realize that today is leap day in court and I love this stalemate comes around of course every four years which works and anyone's neighbor who was actually ", "this quadrennial February 20 ninth after all. not surprising Ned potter has the answer. In Orlando man decided to celebrate  leap day  by 366. Times. It's not his fault the problem is of the doesn't go around the sun in the exactly 365. Days. It's ", "surprising Ned potter has the answer. In Orlando man decided to celebrate leap day by -- 366. Times. It's not his fault the problem is of the -- doesn't go around the sun in the exactly ", "You're in Orlando today check out City Hall there's a performance art is on the top of a twelve foot ladder in the city common plaza. Feldman will be leaky leaping off the latter's 366. Times today why. It's all in honor of lead because we have 366. Days this year whereas the others of course have", "there. Yesterday about some  leap year  deals today of course being  leap day  everyone in full celebration think that's how we celebrate  leap day  I don't know I know that retailer pat yourself agree.  Leap day  and he. Drink and you don't ", "interest in fact it put into perspective there. Yesterday -- about some leap year deals today of course being -- leap day everyone in full celebration making their resolutions for Lee thank you got some more deals force today. I don't know -- this makes -- I wish I think that's how we celebrate leap day I don't know I know that I don't we didn't get a card. Idea of tearing ordeals team members of -- five Downey's I'm not gonna take personal credit for this I Caribou Coffee byline -- free today. Einstein bagels by one lunch sandwich and get one -- that go out -- yourself whether it's at those retailers are not at a retailer pat yourself agree. Leap day and -- -- he. Drink and you don't have to turn the reds in but till tomorrow because you an -- -- ", "year had to a close we had the President's Day sale but then we also are now getting a  leap day  sale. That's right Circuit City is using this  leap year  as a paid for another sell anything to get consumers in the door. Target which markets ", "the President's Day sale but then we also are now getting a leap day sale. That's right Circuit City is using this leap year as a paid for another sell anything to get consumers in the door. Target which markets itself as a more sophisticated Wal-Mart "]