['I\'ve seen have been significant."  China  seems on the verge of being a major director Jacco Verhaeren said the  Chinese  are actually underachievers, given their records were set at the 2011 worlds in  Shanghai . Last summer, however, the swimmers ', 'knocking the Filipino down in the 11th round with a straight right hook. Two-time Olympic gold medalist Zou Shiming of  China  dominated teenager Jesus Ortega of Mexico to win his second professional fight by a unanimous decision.', "countries confront  China  in separate territorial naval force after  China  took control in the  South China Sea .  China 's arbitration.  Beijing  has indicated reference to  China . He said that disputes with  China  in the  South China Sea . The meeting keep watch on a  Chinese  Y-8 early warning ", "reminiscent of the marches held by the Soviet Union and  China  at the height of the Cold War. It is one of the few overhead, a relaxed looking Kim smiled and talked with  China 's vice president.  China  fought with North Korea during the war and is Pyongyang's ", 'by the Soviet Union and  China  at the height of the Cold Kim smiled and talked with  China \'s vice president. Kim did not make a speech.  China  fought with North Korea Korean armed forces. " Chinese , old Soviet, and North ', "Riley, from Hattiesburg, Miss., topped Dou Zecheng of  China  4 and 2 in the quarterfinals, and beat John Augenstein Ireland's Michael Hoey, England's Matthew Baldwin and  China 's Liang Wen-chong were tied for second. Kaleka and ", 'The fins are used in soup popular in  Chinese  cuisine, and New York is home to one They miss it," Tsoi said. "In  Chinese  culture, shark fin soup is good S. to close and this encourages  China , which has banned shark fin from ', 'The fins are used in soup popular in  Chinese  cuisine. So-called "finning" of They miss it," Tsoi said. "In  Chinese  culture, shark fin soup is good S. to close and this encourages  China , which has banned shark fin from ', 'was the only Republican to vote against the original bill and said he opposes a veto override. "Our Constitution is not a  Chinese  buffet, which we like and do not like," the Jefferson City attorney told the AP. "The First Amendment is part of the Constitution ', 'The fins are used in soup popular in  Chinese  cuisine. So-called "finning" of They miss it," Tsoi said. "In  Chinese  culture, shark fin soup is good S. to close and this encourages  China , which has banned shark fin from ', "formal diplomatic relations with the communist nation. What began as a Cold War contest, with the former Soviet Union and  China  siding with the North and the U.S. and United Nations allies supporting the South, remains one of the world's most "]