['Marianne Gingrich unloads but also defends Newt on ethics questions in Congress.', "You've been  married  the same man Steve part of some 26 years. We have a very. Well with three times a year happen. We've upgraded deep friendship when we  married  each other we recognized neither of us wanted to conventional marriage ", "You've been married the same man Steve part of some 26 years. We have -- a very. -- Well with three times a year -- happen. We've upgraded deep friendship when we married each other we recognized neither of us wanted to conventional marriage. We did not want to be tied down but we recognize ", "doesn't care what who was Hussein do you think it probably was asking to have an open Mary and I refused. He wanted an  open marriage  that I accept the fact that he he had somebody else and has. And you said. Now. Now. That is", 'asking to have an open Mary and I refused. He wanted an open marriage that I accept the fact that he he had somebody else and has. And you said. Now. Now. That is -- -- ', "As you know you're your domestic situation is always this sort of mystery. Yeah there is some mix of but sabathia people like to believe all sorts of magical ideas. So you you have. Twin children and grandchildren whose father is a beloved uncle John. I've not lived with both Japanese. And for the", 'that the couple actually had an  open marriage . And Andrea canning is here with control that the couple had an  open marriage . In this new T interview one of grown exponentially since they were  married  remember. When they started he ', "the highest paid woman. It's worth has grown exponentially since they were married remember. When they started he was just that guy from That '70s -- but now he's had hit movies he's on Two ", "yeah. I don't think she's saying yes we have an  open marriage  I think she's saying we respect each other he makes us having open communication maybe not necessarily an  open marriage  I think that's a bit of a stretch of the All right ", "like -- yeah. I don't think she's saying yes we have an open marriage I think she's saying we respect each other he makes his own decisions we are still individuals and there's nothing wrong without us having open communication maybe not necessarily an open marriage I think that's a bit of a stretch of the -- All right and real quick let me tell you about -- ", "a definite source of pain for me, still. Reporter: Maclaine and parker had an  open marriage  and saw each other just two or three times a year. When we  married  each other, we recognized neither of us ed a conventional marriage. We didn't ", "source of pain for me, still. Reporter: Maclaine and parker had an open marriage and saw each other just two or three times a year. When we married each other, we recognized neither of us ed a conventional marriage. We didn't want to be tied down. Reporter: And neither of ", "There was much made in the state of Texas in the media about your marriage. Joseph honest is asking where in an  open marriage . We've. You know respectful that he. Other people. Be tried it again. How Britney doing it very good you know ", "marriage. Joseph honest -- -- -- is asking where -- in an open marriage . -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- We've. You know respectful that he. Other people. Be ", 'question. You know, "the daily mail" real housewives star adrienne maloof tried to save her marriage by having an  open marriage . It didn\'t help, shockingly. If those two can\'t make it, who can? I have an idea. Let invite more people ', "housewives star adrienne maloof tried to save her marriage by having an open marriage . It didn't help, shockingly. If those two can't make it, who can? I have an idea. Let invite more people that this ", "parenting website had been  married  for nine years. They're my mommy and daddy an  open marriage  they both date other kids who might confuse  open marriage  with promiscuity. That whose parents were in an  open marriage  be. At all guess what ", "scientist and Sierra a writer for a popular parenting website had been married for nine years. They're raising two daughters and unbeaten -- seventh. And Serena for just outside Boston but when Sierra puts the ", "arrangement. After we've been dating for a few years and we got married it was while before either of us really. Had any other offers. When Molly first decided she -- -- -- else I ", "-- marital merry go round. Owners. -- already know that Sierra is married to Martin but also days Daryn and -- is married to Sierra but also dates -- Molly is married to David but she also goes out with mark. And David who's Molly's husband also -- But Martin's -- Sierra is also ", "we've been  married  a long time asking to have an  open marriage  and I refused. He wanted an  open marriage  that I accept and I agree to  open marriage  according to interview with  Marianne Gingrich  tonight on Nightline ", "her let's take a look. I said to him -- we've been married a long time. And he's said. Yes but you want me all to yourself. -- instead doesn't care what I do. Who was -- do you think it well he was asking to have an open marriage and I refused. He wanted an open marriage that I accept the fact that he he had somebody else and has life. And you said. Now. That is not a ", "it uses it's like getting awfully happy with the idea. Putting your check baggage on your head and walk into the  open marriage  and that's something that women and girls. And another world face every single day. That's been the approximate ", "idea. Putting your check baggage on your head and walk into the open marriage and that's something that women and girls. And another world face every single day. That's been the approximate distance. Kind of spending ", "pulled out of the affairs is getting the million action and felt bad about it try to explain to him look we have an  open marriage . Yeah the out so maybe it was the war on. Well they're playing around interesting stuff. Yeah and boom boom Carl ", "it -- -- try to explain to him look we have an open marriage . Yeah the -- out -- so maybe it was the war on. Well they're playing around interesting stuff. Yeah and boom boom ", "sing the song love is where millions. Just saying.  Married  are here in New York City you can take your girlfriend got a roving one partner just won't suit. Try an  open marriage  though it did not work for new OK cupid so classic values ", '-- that the sing the song love is where millions. Just saying. Married -- are -- here in New York City you can take your girlfriend out that this is certainly a -- shall never ', 'campaign. And endorsing  Newt Gingrich  for president United he had when they were  married . He was asking to have refused. He wanted an  open marriage  that I accept the fact father never asked for an  open marriage . Divorce is always ', "news's Brian Ross talking about the affair he had when they were married . He was asking to have an open Mary -- I refused. He wanted an open marriage that I accept the fact that he he has somebody else that has. And you said. Now. Now. -- -- -- -- -- Gingrich -- two daughters today said their father never asked for an open marriage . Divorce is always very painful they're never easy. There always very sad dad tried very hard. To make the marriage work and ", "I'm  Newt Gingrich  and I'm announcing my candidacy for president Vietnam. And as it's someday the job. Where she says you asked her sure to enter into an  open marriage . Would you like to take some time to respond to that no. But I will ", "I'm Newt Gingrich and I'm announcing my candidacy for president -- -- Vietnam. And as it's very hard not to look at the recent polls ", "that you came to her. In 1999 at a time when you're having an affair she says you asked her sure. To enter into an  open marriage  would you like to take some time to respond to that no. But I will. I think to distract students. Vicious a nature ", 'an affair she says you asked her sure. To enter into an open marriage would you like to take some time to respond to that no. But I will. I think to distract students. Vicious -- ', "had. To kill your wife financial didn't want to be  married  to her anymore none whatsoever we had a very good to willing to possibly met that he could have an affair. The  open marriage  comes to mind. And Jane was okay with fat and my belief ", "To kill your wife -- financial -- -- didn't want to be married to her anymore none whatsoever we had a very good to open relationship. Are you scared for the day that the police ", "huge victory but now.  Newt Gingrich  is riding the wave of victory. But here comes  Newt Gingrich  on another surged fueled server. To enter into an  open marriage . Gingrich turned to this race goes on if  Newt Gingrich  wins it's on the Florida ", "ago Mitt Romney was on the high -- huge victory but now. Newt Gingrich is riding the wave of his second surge of the campaign. ABC's Karen Travers reports from Columbia, South Carolina. Last night's fiery debate may be a turning point in this Republican race. Three days ago Mitt Romney look like he was cruising to another victory. But here comes Newt Gingrich on another surged fueled in part by his strong debate performances. As you know your ex wife gave an interview to ABC news that another -- the Washington Post she says that you came to her. In 1999 at a time when you're having an affair she says you asked her server. To enter into an open marriage . Gingrich turned to potentially explosive. Issue in -- was eating attack on the media I am frankly astounded. That CNN would take ", "processes. Tomorrow's results may determine how long this race goes on if Newt Gingrich wins it's on the Florida and may -- beyond. Karen Travers ABC news Columbia, South Carolina. How badly did the Republican candidates ", "vote for John Berman covered at all and John  Newt Gingrich  came into debate last night with momentum It's it well he was asking to have an  open marriage  and I refused. He wanted an  open marriage  that I accept the fact that he he had somebody ", "tomorrow's vote for -- -- John Berman covered at all and John Newt Gingrich came into -- -- -- debate last night with momentum he had that endorsement. From Rick Perry as well but he also "]