["and we're learning more about the two dead. Those two  chinese  girls, the teenagers coming. We have this image, one of the families back in  china  hearing the heartbreaking news and in one more development ", "critical condition and we're learning more about the two dead. Those two chinese girls, the teenagers coming. We have this image, one of the families back in china hearing the heartbreaking news and in one more development, the fire official telling me that they are investigating the very real possibility ", 'struck them on the runway. Many of the passengers were  Chinese  teenagers arriving for summer camp to said English and US colleges. The plane departed from  China  with a stop in Seoul South Korea and landed in San Francisco ', 'vehicles that struck them on the runway. Many of the passengers were Chinese teenagers arriving for summer camp to said -- English and -- US colleges. The plane departed from China with a stop in Seoul South Korea and landed in San Francisco after an uneven full eleven hour flight. However the pilots ', "economy. If you I wanna go to  China  for a minute talk about happy about those numbers.  China 's economy is totally different the parallel universe is.  China  is a huge emerging economies growth is no accident the  Chinese  Government knows it has ", "back into the real economy. If you -- I wanna go to China for a minute talk about the economy there because it has slowed. -- a little bit from seven point seven growth to a seven point 5% growth and investors hurt someone happy about those numbers. China's economy is -- -- totally different scale from our timing was so when you hear seven point 5% growth and that's sound like a slowdown you think what kind of parallel universe in my living and -- well that the parallel universe is. China is a huge emerging economies still they got a lot of people who -- migrating from. Rural areas to cities and they need jobs so that some point 5% growth is no accident the Chinese Government knows it has to have policies. To keep growth that high -- so they can provide jobs for everybody. Who wants one and when we see China slowing down that's -- kind of a -- -- points on one hand. That means there could be some problems in China that could that could spread to the rest the -- I don't think I don't think it should at that point yet. But China needs to become a normal economy a normal developed economy and it's you know midway through that process so. If we can see China continuing for instance two if living standards continue improve there. Even as it drops down -- -- China's growth rate was something like 14% just a few years ago I mean I think that was the peak in 2007. So if growth can come back to something it's normal when -- in need in a developed economies such as 56%. Even 4%. And yet they can still provide jobs and living standards. That's good news because it shows -- Chinese economy is sort of stabilizing at a higher level. We're still far away from that and there are some problems in China that are worth watching they could have. They have -- -- they do have some big credit bubbles there for for one ", "China  to get an intimate trip. Down the  China 's Yangtze River on the pulse of  China  Terry visited the city of  Shanghai . A city which is might.  Shanghai China  showcase city where that on the grounds  Chinese  like playing with ", "China -- to get an intimate view of this rapidly growing country are Terry McCarthy recently took a trip. Down the China's Yangtze River in the final installment of the series on the pulse of China Terry visited the city of Shanghai A city which is not shy about showing off its new economic might. Shanghai China showcase city where it's smart young people designer stores bright lights on the river. And an unstoppable urge to reach for the ", "by new concerns over  China 's economy then made what's going on in  China Shanghai  stocks plunged more what's going on in  China . is that the  Chinese  newspapers which are suggests that. Banks in  China  are going to be lending ", "Monday June 24 stocks tumbled today pushed down by new concerns over China's economy then made a rebound. This comes after last week's painful sell -- over concerns the Fed might stop its bond buying plan later this year. The NASDAQ and the S&P 500 are down the -- -- the -- down about a 139 point. Joining us now with more on what's making Wall Street so volatile as Monday ABC news chief business and economics reporter Rebecca Jarvis high -- -- thanks for joining us I have baby here. So -- -- what's going on in China Shanghai stocks plunged more than 5%. Yes what's going on in China . -- is that the Chinese newspapers which are controlled by the government have -- reports recently that suggests that. Banks in China are going to be lending as readily to. Individuals to companies in China in fact they are saying that there will be what's known as tighter monetary policy going forward. Meaning it'll be more difficult to get alone and more expensive to get a loan. That lending has lent itself to growth in China and now the -- -- If the lending isn't there the growth won't be very keep in mind -- the fastest growing ", "around the world. The  chinese  explained last week's the equivalent of a  chinese  spy if he gives  china  details of u.S that were run against  chinese  networks. Reporter was a spy or gave the  chinese american  sweats. He said being ", "a site. Reporter: Snowden's leaks are reverb rating around the world. The chinese explained last week's disclosure. He's the equivalent of a chinese spy if he gives china details of u.S. Operations that were run against chinese networks. Reporter: Snowden denied he was a spy or gave the chinese american sweats. He said being called a traitor by former vice president dick cheney over the weekend as, quote, the highest honor you ", "the American veterans flags made in  China . All the American team is getting given flags for the fourth. made in  China  and what's this about the main American flag you're holding. It's made in  China  enter our persons of the week. It ", 'holiday but this evening the American veterans -- -- flags made in China . All the -- American team is getting action and we want you to weigh in coming up. Now the case of the ', "honored in our country given flags for the fourth. -- made in China and what's this about the main American -- getting action right after the break. And finally tonight here so many of us waving those flags on the fourth but what happens when suddenly noticed the flag you're holding. It's made in China enter our persons of the week. It was the fury over flags in the fourth. -- -- -- from Provo Utah up three kiss at a flag but also -- -- go to night. The heck with them celebrating the fourth when suddenly -- his dad -- label on our flag. Aid to China we remember -- on the line with us the frustration. Let me crazy I know everything we haven't made in China . But. Even I'm American flag made -- Tonight a year later and the new outrage this time for veterans in Albuquerque, New Mexico the likes handed out by the local VA medical center made. It's time Leon -- showing our ABC station their KOAT. Three words and really get under his skin made in China . And -- our team -- asked the hospital why not made in America. If the flights have been donated they were simply handing them out there with some bad days I think the veterans deserve better than that. But those flags are helping China or to fortune making our stars and stripes. Three point six million dollars a year but here's the deal American companies still ", 'And in flight makers tonight telling world news build replacements made in China flags given to veterans -- Albuquerque. And this -- so many of you -- meet your images from Clovis California the wash ', "the flag you're holding is made in  china ? Enter our persons of the week. It dad, the label on our flag, made in  china . We remember the frustration. I mean know everything we have is made in  china , but even our american flag made in ", "happens when suddenly you notice the flag you're holding is made in china ? Enter our persons of the week. It was the fury over flags on THE 4th, THOSE TWEETS FROM Provo, utah, a parade, a kiss, and a flag, all sent a year ago tonight. CELEBRATING THE 4th, SUDDENLY Mom says to dad, the label on our flag, made in china . We remember the frustration. I mean, it's crazy. I know everything we have is made in china , but even our american flag made in china . Tonight a year later and the new outrage, this time for veterans in albuquerque, new mexico, the flags arounded out by the local va medical center -- made in china . Showing our local station there, the three words that really got under his skin. Made in china . When our team there asked the hospital why not made in america? They said the flags had been donated. They were simply handing them out. It was in bad taste. The veterans deserve better than that. But those flags are helping china earn a fortune. 3.6 million a year. Here's the deal. American companies still make far more. You just have to look for ", 'behind at 2000 foot trail of debris. Two teenage girls from  China  were killed. It did become obvious to us one of the victims one of the victims one of the sixteen year old girls from  China . May have been hit or struck by the emergency responders ', 'left behind at 2000 foot trail of debris. Two teenage girls from China were killed. It did become obvious to us one of the victims may have been hit by one of the F -- ', 'one of the victims one of the sixteen year old girls from China . May have been hit or struck by the emergency responders of all firefighters will say right now. But we do know that ', 'did not survive were both. Sixteen year old girls from  China . There were 307 people on board that flight including passengers onboard flight 214. T 148 teacher and her students from  China  they were headed to the United States four summer trip ', "people who did not survive were both. Sixteen year old girls from China . There were 307 people on board that flight including passengers and crew. 182. We're -- to local hospitals 49 of them. In ", 'also know onboard flight 214. T 148 teacher and her students from China they were headed to the United States four -- summer trip. Be honest so many parents this morning still trying to figure ', 'died in the crash, learning of their loss back home in  china . This evening, the search for answers under way. The korea, two passengers, both 16-year-old girls from  china , are the dead. 182 people injured, and tonight, 51 are ', "that died in the crash, learning of their loss back home in china . This evening, the search for answers under way. The flight recorders, those black boxes, rushed back to the ntsb lab in washington. And here's where things stand right now. Of the 291 passengers and 16 crew members on board that flight from south korea, two passengers, both 16-year-old girls from china , are the dead. 182 people injured, and tonight, 51 are still hospitalized. We are told eight of them in critical condition, including ", "other discovery. The two bodies, two teenage girls from  china . One found on each side of the plane. The fire chief telling rescue truck. Overnight, the teenagers' families from  china , touching down in san francisco. The girls seen in this ", "more about the other discovery. The two bodies, two teenage girls from china . One found on each side of the plane. The fire chief telling me a member of the team discovering that it looked as though one of the teenagers had been hit by a rescue truck. Overnight, the teenagers' families from china , touching down in san francisco. The girls seen in this image, forming a heart with their arms. And amid the heartbreak, one ", 'this november. The only thing zoo atlanta right now has on the royal baby is that we have twins. Reporter: No names yet for the two peas in a pod. As the zoo is keeping with the  chinese  tradition of waiting 100 days to name the babies.', 'two peas in a pod. As the zoo is keeping with the chinese tradition of waiting 100 days to name the babies. ', "it is. As you know I don't know I didn't. I think sea rescue with the I don't think swimming when I know bit they  China  radio and to not needed because John was snorkeling with manatee and I watched like Madonna's filing. Yeah. yeah. Is ", "the I don't think swimming when I know -- bit -- they China radio and -- to not needed because John was snorkeling with manatee and I watched like Madonna's -- filing. Yeah. -- -- ", 'that claims for the night. And nothing major though I fellas two decision. fireworks. Probably rule around a Finally to  China  there That way you guys can drink and hang out not have to remain. Claimed in opening game back play Winona. No keep it ', 'fellas two decision. -- fireworks. Probably rule around a -- Finally to China there -- That way you guys can drink and hang out not have to remain. Claimed in opening game back play Winona. ', 'see fear. I saw shock. Reporter: This evening new images of the two girls lost, the 16-year-old school girls from  china . The fire chief telling me the investigation under way into the very real possibility that one of them might have been ', 'new images of the two girls lost, the 16-year-old school girls from china . The fire chief telling me the investigation under way into the very real possibility that one of them might have been hit ', 'smoke cleared. We are learning more about the people on board the flight as well. The two victims were teenage girls from  china  on their way to the united states for a summer trip. 30 of the passengers were children. 61 people on board, american ', 'board the flight as well. The two victims were teenage girls from china on their way to the united states for a summer trip. 30 of the passengers were children. 61 people on board, american ', "complete with sand, man made waves, even a sea breeze. It's one of the wonders inside the world's largest building in  china  which opened to the public. Three pentagons can fit inside it. It can how's 6,000 visitors at a time. Just when you ", "breeze. It's one of the wonders inside the world's largest building in china which opened to the public. Three pentagons can fit inside it. It can how's 6,000 visitors at a time. Just when you ", "101000 people. 28. Were injured. This. Is the largest ever algae bloom covering over 111000. Square miles along the  China . But with temperatures so high even that water isn't keeping up on. That is toughest abcnews.com.", "the largest ever algae bloom covering over 111000. Square miles along the China . But with temperatures so high even that water isn't keeping up on. That is -- -- toughest -- -- abcnews.com. ", "Michael boat right is a California resident who works the past four years in  China  teaching English. As a son. But that's all news to him. right was found unconscious in a California motel in February and ", "right is a California resident who works the past four years in China teaching English. As a son. But that's all news to him. -- right was found unconscious in a California motel in February "]