['President Obama proposes foundation for sustainable economic growth in his prosperity plan.', 'good view of the open windows on the Coppola. As the International Space Station passes just step beyond the East Coast of  China . Out over the Pacific Ocean moving from northwest to southeast. Seven and a half minutes into the flight all the structural ', 'International Space Station passes just step beyond -- the East Coast of China . Out over the Pacific Ocean moving from northwest to southeast. Seven and a half minutes into the flight all the structural parameters ', 'oldest man a lot of 112 years old self taught musician originally from Spain please US news nineteen years old in nineteen  Chinese  know about any majority any credit at all to a banana and six aspirin a day after that six as the fifteen great find great ', 'originally from Spain please -- US news nineteen years old in nineteen Chinese know about any majority any credit at all to a banana and six aspirin a day after that six as the -- ', 'newark airport, they tried the pushover technique. The baggage handler will roll the bag down the plane. Reporter: At a  chinese  airport last month, after of the packages careened off of the conveyor, before the baggage handler took what must have been ', 'baggage handler will roll the bag down the plane. Reporter: At a chinese airport last month, after of the packages careened off of the conveyor, before the baggage handler took what must have been a ', "discreet but that also can faction seems to get a little bit wearing sent there is a real love pit. Is this campus and stay in the  Tibet  kind of some soon known soon. There's the trademark limelight deceiving dairy. And she party planning but surely she would ", "is a real love pit. Is this campus and stay in the Tibet kind of some soon known soon. There's the trademark limelight deceiving dairy. And she -- party planning but surely she would -- ", "liquidity crunch in  China  and then what happened what you see is that  Chinese  stock market selling in the case that  Shanghai  composite that was reasons stemming from  China  and and also to just That I'm hearing  China  and that these indeed ", "so addicted to. After that we saw suddenly a liquidity crunch in China and then what happened over the weekend is that the Central Bank -- mountains said. -- enough liquidity in the system. We're not and it -- -- guns blazing and do something expects this so what you see is that Chinese stock market selling off state closed. Down five point 3% in the case -- that Shanghai composite that was. Their biggest one day drop and closed at four years and then you just -- cascading effect. In the US as stocks have continued to tablet to the extent which used at which brings -- -- right now which could be in part because of fundamental reasons stemming from China and -- -- and also to just I mean and kind of more technical things like -- calls going on. Right so mainly -- the -- slide is what -- Wall Street on this Monday morning slide cracked. That I'm hearing China and -- that these indeed -- the two big things day ever I am talking to as it is insane to me is behind it no reason why -- why China is so important why Wall Street is so worried about it. OK so on kind of a more technical basis that what traders are telling me is that this could be about margin calls. So stay here really invested in China and you borrowed shares to invest in China . And now let's send their market is tanking well guess what your brokers are calling you and saying hey -- make it a margin call. They're saying you need to put up more cash that means you may have to sell things in order to come up with that cash. Things like US stocks that are very liquid so that could be one of the reasons why we're seeing some of this selloff in US stocks and then from a broader more fundamental reason. China is part of the jet the big. Global gross story it's been real driver and so concerns about China concerns about any kind of a hard landing which some -- forecasting for a long time. Any of this from from a bigger picture basis would have investors. Jittery more fundamentally we did you -- Goldman Sachs come out and cut. China's economic forecast so -- indications -- It is -- Eileen to growth a slowdown in credit growth which -- immediacy that People's Bank of China appears to be allowing. And -- as a concern over -- report coming up tomorrow. We'll -- this -- home -- so ", "Stanley line. In light of the findings this tragic accident. We've reached out to the family through the consulate.  China . Consul general's office. Obviously this is very difficult news for us were heartbroken we're in the business of saving ", "this tragic accident. We've reached out to the family through the consulate. China . Consul general's office. Obviously this is very difficult news for us were heartbroken we're in the business of saving lives. And many ", 'Officials. Unless he got careless and left them in his room, there is no method that the government or somebody in russia,  china  or the united states, would have for obtaining the information he possesses. Reporter: But that remains a major concern ', 'room, there is no method that the government or somebody in russia, china or the united states, would have for obtaining the information he possesses. Reporter: But that remains a major concern of the u.S. ', "that stay out of Virginia. And we home. Okay. Out of it did your mom. The slogan Virginia is for I have always forgot.  China  India not a lovers doesn't automatically. Carl sexual homosexuality. Within. Gave that. When you look at the homosexual ", "your mom. The slogan Virginia is for -- I have always forgot. China India not a lovers -- -- -- doesn't automatically. -- Carl sexual homosexuality. Within. Gave that. When you look at the homosexual ", 'of William in cape has been this. Revitalized energy in the British monarch. Yes I think that that will pay a lot of in  China  and in hottest. Not so cool seen eight days ago when I look for one moment I want to listen doing announced. What a dichotomy ', 'monarch. Yes I think that that will pay a lot of in China and in hottest. Not so cool seen eight days ago when I look for one moment I want to listen doing announced. ', "Futures up this morning because. About blue chip industry trading up  China 's worries eased slightly. So to help dissect it off for us this Tuesday morning Jeff finance breaking down business headlines ", "Futures up this morning because. About blue chip industry trading up China's worries eased slightly. So to help dissect it off for us this Tuesday morning Jeff -- -- finance breaking down business headlines ", "that region. And  China  kicks off its to pass through  Tibet . The writing the image that  China  is trying to present to come out of  Tibet  since yesterday's years. Shown on  Chinese  state television relations disaster for  China . As much as it boycott of the  Beijing  Games the  Chinese", "One day after deadly riots against Chinese controlled that region. And China kicks off its Olympic celebrations in two weeks with the torch relay which is -- to pass through Tibet . The writing threatens to ruin the image that China is trying to present to the world. ABC's Stephanie -- reports tonight from Chengdu China . These are the first pictures to come out of Tibet since yesterday's riots the worst in nearly twenty years. Shown on Chinese state television they do not -- any retaliation by Chinese troops. But Tibetans -- at least thirty protesters perhaps many more were killed. China says the rioters killed innocent civilians. Today China ordered tourists out of Tibet's capital Lhasa. Some of those tourists arriving here in Chengdu China described the scene. Except for the police who have cordoned off the city center the streets of -- that today air and steam that. Elsewhere an accident -- protests continue these cells pictures were taken today in another -- -- city. There are reports that cheer dance was later used to disperse the -- And around the world protests against Chinese rule in Tibet are gaining steam that there were demonstrations outside Chinese consulate in -- Tear gas this news in New York. And in India today. Events leaders including the Dalai Lama have been living in exile in India since an uprising against the Chinese in 1959. The head of Tibet's government in exile says with China hosting the Olympics this summer now was the time to put the pressure on. This is -- time to -- -- -- to recruit previously usually depend as much of that people divorced couples support us. With five wants to go before the Olympic Games this is a public relations disaster for China . As much as it is trying to separate the gains from its human rights record that may now be impossible. To -- many allies in Hollywood are speaking up. Richard Gere a Tibetan Buddhist is threatening to call for a boycott of the Beijing Games the Chinese crackdown in Tibet does not -- Tibetans are apparently taking the opportunity. To rise not the world watching. Stephanie sign ABC news Chong two time. ", 'Look this  China  the retired soccer star David Beckham got out of control any university in  Shanghai  they rushed past security toward Beckham. In a mini stampede and you can barely make out Beckham walking calmly in the middle ', 'Look -- this -- China -- the retired soccer star David Beckham got out of control any university in Shanghai they rushed past security toward Beckham. In a mini stampede and you can barely make out Beckham walking calmly in the middle ', "We've reached out to the family through the consulate.  China . Consul general's office. Obviously this is very difficult have reached out through the consul general's office to  China . To not only express our condolences and apologies but ", "this tragic accident. We've reached out to the family through the consulate. China . Consul general's office. Obviously this is very difficult news for us were heartbroken we're in the business of saving lives. And many ", "well as I have reached out through the consul general's office to China . To not only express our condolences and apologies but to also offer if they're willing and interested in sitting down with them ", "Standing out in a sea of men, covering the house. She was the only female reporter to travel with nixon on a historic trip to  china . But that didn't keep her from asking tough questions about watergate. Ms. Thomas, it would be improper for me to ", "only female reporter to travel with nixon on a historic trip to china . But that didn't keep her from asking tough questions about watergate. Ms. Thomas, it would be improper for me to comment on ", 'and a cell phone. The cell phone contained several phone numbers. All of which, were phone numbers from the country of  china . Reporter: Records show boatwright might be a graphic designer. After several weeks of test, doctors diagnosed boatwright ', 'phone numbers. All of which, were phone numbers from the country of china . Reporter: Records show boatwright might be a graphic designer. After several weeks of test, doctors diagnosed boatwright with transient global amnesia. Experts ', "driven by worries in  China  I wanna bring in let's talk about  China  and we you know it pile of debt that  China  doesn't want to And then is can the  Chinese  Government do something bubble in  China . I of  China  there is apparently company in north of  Beijing . And he laid off ", "pretty good. All right we like good news -- let's talk about China and we you know it caused a big worldwide drop. In markets some believe the Central Bank has come out against excessive lending but others are wondering if this is because -- a big pile of debt that China doesn't want to talk about so what's really -- Well we don't know what's really going on I think that's part of what's unsettling people but. A lot of economists think that China has kind of a credit bubble similar to what. We saw here in the United States going back to the big housing bubble 20052006. A lot you know they've been easy lending over there pushing property values. The question is is there are a lot of bad -- -- a lot of bad loans out there. And then is can the Chinese Government do something about that so where -- we saw just in the last 24 hours. The Central Bank in China . Basically saying they're going to take some steps to deal with -- which was very reassuring that actually almost -- turn markets around from us really deep route into just basically almost a flat day show. The question in China has really been about about the government's ability. To smooth out problems in for as -- -- it's been over there the government generally has been able to do that so. It's now kind of -- wait and see situation with regard -- this presumed credit bubble in China . I -- of China there is apparently an American CEO there. Refusing to pay severance he's suffering some consequences -- the full story. This is a funny story. Apparently -- this guy he runs a medical supply company in north of Beijing . And he laid off some workers and gave them fairly generous severance packages. And the workers that did not get laid off. ", "figure how to way to get out of the window. And the Chinese authorities are not intervening so far they're just sort of letting this guy worked it out -- -- employees probably because there's ", "between he says they're putting documents in front of him there in Chinese -- Asking him to sign and he doesn't know what -- signing but he's doing it just to get them off his ", 'PASSENGERS Sitting in the back of the plane were hurt the worst. Among them? The two 16-year-old  chinese  girls who died. Back in  china , their parents comforted by other parents of children also on flight 214. The kids were on their way ', 'of the plane were hurt the worst. Among them? The two 16-year-old chinese girls who died. Back in china , their parents comforted by other parents of children also on flight 214. The kids were on their way to spend the summer ', "In  Beijing  today near protesters took on  China 's prohibition more from the  Chinese  capital. A We've seen in  Beijing  in the lead world free  Tibet . But now once exactly why  China  is intent on people down.  Chinese  visa was revoked ", "In Beijing today near the giant Olympic Stadium which has been nicknamed the bird's nest small group of protesters took on China's prohibition against political dissent. And the protesters seem to win briefly. ABC's Stephanie side has more from the Chinese capital. A stone's throw from the national stadium a protestor scales -- 120 foot electrical -- as police looked on helplessly. This is the nose rays and risky political -- We've seen in Beijing in the lead up to the Olympics that protester unfurling a banner not only that reads one dream one world free Tibet . But now once hurling these flags. For Tibetan independence. We've wrinkled -- contact Ian Tom on the phone is still strong to the polls. And what do you think is going to happen to you when you get down from that poll. I mean it's. It's. An Angel and humble man and only making me. I'm getting -- What happened today is exactly why China is intent on keeping people like former Olympian Joey Cheek out. Co founded -- dirt poor. We hope that we can take the issue of therefore on the issue of these people. And let the world see that one athletes -- can make a difference and to that really is an international community has had let these people down. -- Chinese visa was revoked last night but clearly not even China's massive dragnet keep all the activists out. Stephanie -- ABC news Beijing . ", 'may spread outside  china . The death toll eastern prove vins of  china . A 7-year-old girl in  beijing , 749 miles away from  shanghai  was diagnosed with Last night, the  chinese  government invited someone who goes to  china  becomes ill. Thank ', "of the deadly outbreak of bird flu that it may spread outside china . The death toll is 13. More than 60 are ill. Dr. Richard besser is on the ground with the latest. This disease has spread very quickly. Talk about what the latest effort there is are on the ground. Well, amy, hopes were crushed here over the weekend that it could be contained to the eastern prove vins of china . A 7-year-old girl in beijing , 749 miles away from shanghai was diagnosed with bird flu pneumonia. The virus is spreading silently. C you can't tell where it is going. Last night, the chinese government invited a team of international experts to come and provide guidance. And dr. Besser, that said this is one plane ride "]