["would be immigrants from  China . And ran aground just off a few dozen sent back to  China  about 200 others freed on group he'd been making  Chinese  paper sculptures as a way forced family planning in  China . The lawyers say they'll ", "ship run by smugglers that was crammed with would be immigrants from China . And ran aground just off -- beach in New York City. Here's ABC's bill Blakemore. -- Jong woo say lawyers is the first person ever to be let out of prison in the US because he was judged to be an artist. In -- since I feel happy as a free bird he says who can fly high in the sky. Most of those captured from the ship are long since out of prison a few dozen sent back to China about 200 others freed on a variety of legal ground. Before he got out last week -- was one of 46 still in Pennsylvania's York prisons Seeking Asylum. Like all in this remaining group he'd been making Chinese paper sculptures as a way to gain publicity for their cause. They are painstakingly crafted from bits of magazines toilet paper threads ", "extraordinary ability whose art can enrich America's cultural life. The golden venture Chinese still in prison had been asking asylum on grounds of forced family planning in China . The lawyers say they'll now seek artist status for most of the others in York prison. They've accomplished some extraordinary things -- ", "cockpit of one of  China 's new high speed Miles per hour. As  China  now leapfrogged of passengers in  Beijing  waiting to board it's all part of  Chinese  Green mission underway Will this reduce  China 's dependence on energy efficient.  China  spends by some estimates world. And south of  Shanghai  this country town ", "The Chinese believe that the 21 century will belong to the country with the most educated people. And energy self sufficiency not to mention technology and speed. Which takes us to David Muir who is riding on board some of the 4600. Miles a brand new high speed train track. The Chinese are using to connect this huge country in record time David. Diane were actually in the cockpit of one of China's new high speed -- you can see another one actually approaching in the opposite direction. These trains now travel at speeds of up to 230. Miles per hour. As China now leapfrogged to much of the world and building cleaner -- efficient technology. The question of passengers in Beijing waiting to board of the fastest trains in the war. A thirty minute trip that would take him Howard happen America's high speed train it's all part of Chinese Green mission underway right now. Will this reduce China's dependence on oil. They are calling -- highly -- says its energy efficient. China spends by some estimates a staggering twelve million dollars every hour on Green energy. And we discovery everywhere the landscape line with the largest number of wind powered turbines in the world. And south of Shanghai this country town -- powered by the sun. From -- small towns to the big cities take a look at this public escalator at a complete stand still here like so many escalators in China their energy efficient. They don't actually start moving until they stents that someone is about to get gotten. And there's just enough energy to it to under the bottom. There is a reason for all of this that it's not global warming. China is doing this because it has to China does not have the choice. As -- -- -- you -- see -- Resource is -- -- Chesapeake and environment he could patient China needs to find a better way. -- -- -- -- China is devouring oil and coal electricity used doubling in just the last decade six million new cars -- to the roads in just the last year. And because of this it's now believed China is spending ten times with the US doesn't Green technology. -- its fueling something else profits. We travel south of Beijing digging we solar where they turn the screen moment here into their moments after the US. We can find solar panels on homes in California gets made right here yes. Here they say with a smile yet. We placed calls that Coleman just today another delivery Chinese solar panels delivered to an elementary school outside northern California. But there are now serious questions on Capitol Hill about whether China is playing fair in the screen game. There are political leaders -- -- who believe you have an unfair advantage. Because your government helps you produce what we see here. How do you respond. Yeah I think it's it's not just not -- enough I won't necessarily agree with style but are you getting help from the Chinese Government. Notes. It is a matter of huge dispute that in the US. Even so it's one more Green industry now on the fast track here. Just like those high speed trains. Some. At this train travels back -- in Beijing we've learned -- announced plans and -- even faster train coming new year. When it travels 500 kilometers an hour. That's more ", 'in  Tibet  where  Chinese  authorities continued anger. This  Chinese  Government video reportedly show  Chinese  forces have attacked who came from  Tibet  twenty years her call for  China  to show restraint protest. And urged  Beijing  to find a way ', "from Duluth the Sydney and the first Saint Patrick's Day parade in Beijing China . Is being held as well. Happy Saint Patrick's Day to everyone. And finally from us today are Jeffrey Coffman recently traveled to ", "captivating America. to  China  on a quest for some time search that takes us to  China  for the golden snub nosed no Look into the faces of  China 's golden snub nosed monkeys spots in the treetops The  Chinese  Government is protected ", "is very rare join us on a search that takes us to China for the golden snub nosed monkey. Monkey see monkey do but in this case monkey definitely has no -- Look into the faces of China's golden snub nosed monkeys. -- may be surprised to find one prominent feature completely -- saying. This species is one of China's best kept secrets in the elusive primates have such limited contact with humans that they I'm even afraid of our correspondent. Tonight ABC's Gloria Riviera takes as high into the treetops to meet -- -- It's just stunning sum Yung-Jan and bass mill mill where news are that are who -- mountains in China . Sounds standing inside the home for us. We're clicking through one of China's most extraordinary. And rare animals and no it's not the panda. This 1 may just be -- shooter and at the same time a little stranger. Filmed by National Geographic for the series why -- China . Tacoma extend nosed -- -- only founding China and seldom seen that strange missing nose and possibly you know. Pollution in retreat to survive passed by. -- distinction and he'd been given a unique opportunity to -- may need a monkey eats without holding. United and I says it may be our lucky day he spots in the treetops -- The Chinese Government is protected but these animals. -- when he's thinking it would almost -- only been -- outside China and tourists can't come here. These -- are still elusive the world just doesn't know a lot about them not even how ", "don't the First Lady summit saying in  China  but the preachers wife is getting the craze we shot last Friday is new  Chinese  leaders G aging paying held an umbrella husband makes for a powerful image in  China  and the western media is taking notice ", "Just don't -- the First Lady -- summit saying in China but the preachers wife is getting that kind of coverage lately -- brings a dash of glamour to the typically anonymous role. The image that kicked off the craze we shot last Friday is new Chinese leaders G aging paying held an umbrella over his wife's head. Now it's all lies on paying -- And not just for her fashion forward. Walking side by side with her powerful husband makes for a powerful image in China and the western media is taking notice to time magazine recently named her one of the world's most influential people. Right alongside ", 'diplomacy for president obama. Meeting with the new leader of  china . Hanging over these leader in california the new reports blow of administration. Going back to the meeting with the  chinese  president in california. Some rough moments, sum tense ', 'a huge blow of administration. Going back to the meeting with the chinese president in california. Some rough moments, sum tense moments. Celebrity chef bobby flay. They went everything from lobster to steak. Rare that ', 'A 6 percent drop in Japanese markets has spread to  China , Australia and Europe.', "people in eastern  china  but overnight the was hospitalized in  beijing  with severe pneumonia distance between  shanghai  and  beijing . It was able to kill birds as well.  China  will need to do a they're doing in  china  to be equally aggre ", 'that new strain of bird flu that killed 11 people in eastern china but overnight the virus made a big and dangerous leap infecting a 7-year-old girl hundreds of miles away from the initial hot zone. The former director of the cdc, dr. Richard besser live in hong kong this morning. Dr. Besser, tell us about this fresh case and why it worries you so much. Right, dan, so this is a 7-year-old girl. She was hospitalized in beijing with severe pneumonia. Her parents bothked in the live chicken business. But what concerns moo he is what you showed on that map, the distance between shanghai and beijing . It was able to travel that distance without leaving a trail of dead birds. Most kill birds as well. China will need to do a lot of screening of healthy birds if they learn the extent of which this virus is spreading ', "pressuring. The emerging markets  China  in particular which is going sell off was falling growth in  China  what is the outlook there.  China 's is struggling means is that slowdown that's managed by the  Chinese  authorities or is it going to ", "Now another thing driving a global sell off was falling growth in China what is the outlook there. China's is struggling means is that the big question is is -- going to be kind of this gradual slowdown that's managed by the Chinese authorities or is it going to be a quote hard landing. It's looking a little uncomfortable -- More like the latter -- and it basically. There their export. Growth has has slowed down dramatically they're trying. To do it they can to have the domestic consumers in China . Pick up some of the slack it's not really taking off yet and they have basically a real estate and banking bubble ", "hong kong. He said the nsa hacks  chinese  companies to steal sms data. Is that said we're losing the cyber war to  china . Is he right? I think our nation theft of intellectual property by  china  and others. That is the most significant ", 'had hacked computer systems in hong kong. He said the nsa hacks chinese companies to steal sms data. Is that true? We have interest in those who collect on us as an intelligence agency. But ', "surveillance system. Case. Mail carriers in  China  superhero status in tonight's beat that caught our eye today a group of  Chinese  mailman who redefined right place act. Well they are mail carriers in  China  and they are fixated on a two year ", "tonight among the stories that caught our eye today a group of Chinese mailman who redefined right place right time. -- a superstar rapper gets a taste of what it's like for a fan to get turned away at the backstage door. To a -- we like to call the feed frenzy. -- these guys what are they looking act. Well they are mail carriers in China and they are fixated on a two year old little girl dangling her legs from a fifth story window. Once they realized ", 'from the White House today about the  Chinese  dissident they Hong Kong authorities from Hong Kong has damaged the US  China  relationship weird White House spokesman and has done some damage to the US  Chinese  relationship they of what those repercussions ', "still in Russia. Harsh words from the White House today about the Chinese dissident they -- Hong Kong authorities made a deliberate choice that was the -- is deliberate choice to release noted. And we know that he travelled from from Hong Kong to Moscow on Sunday he did not get on it. Flight to Havana has he was expected and the White House says that this choice to release his fugitive. And let him travel from Hong Kong has damaged the US China relationship weird White House spokesman Jay Carney say today that they're just not buying that this was. Some technical decision by the ", 'release noted. Will harm and has done some damage to the US Chinese relationship -- they -- of what those repercussions might be just yet. We do know that the present however has not talked ', 'not publicly known. Although there are some reports that  Chinese  intelligence teams could be in contact with him that has right Bob. Is that fear that he can actually and turned to  China . It has so many here in the US were And somebody people ', 'his location has not publicly known. Although there are some reports that Chinese intelligence teams could be in contact with him that has not been confirmed. While one Hong Kong legislator told us today that he is demanding the US apologize to -- on -- all right Bob. Is that fear that he can actually -- and turned to China . It has so many here in the US were -- And somebody people look at that -- right now. ', "This is JT here. Indian state of life. Stuck between  China  Bangladesh and on market isolated world land rich with used to separating their half apples from last night's  Chinese  take out or else. Yes mandatory composting. Could be ", "better he used to separating their half -- apples from last night's Chinese take out or else. Yes mandatory composting. Could be a reality in a couple years and effort to turn the one point ", "he's going to defect? Very worried. Every day he's in  china  erodes his claim he's a whistle blower. The information on his computer and thumb drive, it's important to the  chinese . If they haven't exploited it already, they will be ", "are they he's going to defect? Very worried. Every day he's in china erodes his claim he's a whistle blower. The information in his head and on his computer and thumb drive, it's important to the chinese . If they haven't exploited it already, they will be. We're out of time. Thanks, everyone, george will join the power house round ", "airport. Apparently -- I think putin loves this. And the  chinese . This could be a ruiz set up by wikileaks, as well. Who they basically got stiffed by hong kong and hong kong and  china  said we're not going to go along with it. One of the ", 'in the airport. Apparently -- I think putin loves this. And the chinese . This could be a ruiz set up by wikileaks, as well. Who knows if he will go on an aeroflot plane when ', "investors are saying look  China  is trying to address property bubble in  China . And given some cities for example  Shanghai Beijing . It does it show measures that the  Chinese  don't government working. In fact in  China  rather  Beijing  and ", "you say. Let's go back to the lead which is on Sunday China Central Bank said it will raise its banks' reserve requirement again. What does this mean for investors with money in the region seventy some people's that it makes it look safer here's the reason why this is the fourth time that China has done this this year essentially what they're saying. Is to their own -- -- you need to keep more cash on your balance sheets. What they're trying to do is just slow down this kind of flow of money. And basically slow down inflation they got some pretty scary consumer price -- last week that sort of -- the system. And a lot of investors are saying look China is trying to address these problems there were a lot of investors concerned about even a property bubble in China And given some data that we got today about new home sales and some of the biggest cities for example -- Shanghai Beijing It does it show as if the measures that the Chinese don't government are taking to try to cool the economy are working. In fact in China rather Beijing and in Shanghai -- did see prices accelerate a little bit. But it was ever so slight and that was vs last year. Where they were almost up 30% every month on month at break -- speed of growth there. Unless an agent talk about the Nikkei which I understand closed lower as well. It certainly did basically all the stock markets in the region in the Asia Pak region got hit on this Chinese tightening story and the reason is. People expect interest rates to go higher sooner rather than later in China China is now the world's second biggest economies so what happens in China not only affects the rest of the world but it affects Asia first. -- you did have some steam coming out of the Japanese markets at that of course we all know. Japan still struggling to overcome the aftermath of that earthquake and tsunami on March 11. And if you look at the Nikkei is still down around eight half percent since March 11 so there's a lot of reasons. Why those markets are still feeling the pressure. And then if you have slowing. In the region in China it just adds that absolutely. Speaking of debt shifting to Europe what's the latest with ongoing debt concerns there. Well there are ", 'Saturday night we start with an ambitious construction projects  China  out to do it again. neighbor called at thirty story hotel going up in  China  last year just fifteen days. Tonight that same developers ', 'it is Saturday night -- we start with an ambitious construction projects China out to do it again. -- neighbor called at thirty story hotel going up in China last year just fifteen days. Tonight that same developers now planning to build -- 220 Storey tower half a mile high. It ', 'A deadly fire in  China  flames tore through a poultry plant killing nearly hundred people and that number is expected to rise. The fire broke out just ', 'A deadly fire in China flames tore through a poultry plant killing nearly -- hundred -- people and that number is expected to rise. The fire broke ', 'Wearing black head bands and chanting anti  China  slogans Tibetan exiles who marched through the streets of the northern Indian town. Which is also home to the Tibetan spiritual leader protesters demanded an end to alleged human rights violations in today.', 'Wearing black head bands and chanting anti China slogans Tibetan exiles who marched through the streets of the northern Indian town. Which is also home to the Tibetan spiritual leader ']