["The putting up of a nativity scene at Green Bay's City Hall has prompted a tongue-in-cheek request from a suburban man for permission to display a Festivus pole on the overhang of the building's northwest entrance.The Festivus holiday created by author Daniel O'Keefe during the 1970s and popularized by comedian Jerry Seinfeld two decades later is celebrated by some both in earnest and jest on Dec. 23.The request by Sean Ryan of Allouez was made during the weekend after Green Bay City Council president Chad Fradette received the go-ahead last week from the city's advisory committee to install a nativity display at City Hall.Fradette said he proposed the display in response to criticism of a nativity display at a city park in nearby Peshtigo.A practicing Catholic who would prefer to see no religious displays at a government office, Ryan said his request to put up an undecorated six foot aluminum pole was intended to showcase how deciding what religions to include in the display can turn ...", "Real news from the virtual world:With so little happening in the video-game industry this week, there's no better time to conduct an Airing of Grievances.So, in hono...", 'This is a rush transcript from "The O\'Reilly Factor," December 10, 2008. This copy may not be in its final form and may be updated.Watch "The O\'Reilly Factor" weekni...', 'Do you say Merry Christmas or Happy Holidays?For some people it\'s a dilemma: 21 percent say they feel obligated to say "Happy Holidays" -- incorporating Christmas, H...', '<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">', 'Interview Saving Christmas from the ACLUThursday, December 24, 2009E-Mail Print ShareThis is a RUSH transcript from "The O\'Reilly Factor," December 23, 2009. This co...', 'Chef Turns Soup Kitchen Into Gourmet HotspotThursday, December 21, 2006E-Mail Respond Print Share:Who ever thought a church soup kitchen could outshine the posh eate...', "The African American Civil War Memorial. The African American Civil War Museum. Ben's Chili Bowl. Ben's original chili half-smoke. A welcoming sign at Ben's Chili Bo...", 'The celebration of Festivus is alive and well in northwestern Pennsylvania, nearly a decade after the bizarre "holiday" garnered pop culture notoriety on "Seinfeld."...', "Any less than the best just wouldn't do for the New York man formerly known as Jose Luis Espinal. When you're seeking to change your name, why not go right to the to...", '"Seinfeld" has not suffered from shrinkage. Seven years after its finale, not only does the classic sitcom air up to two hours a day in some markets, but the reruns ...', "If Heidi Klum in a Santa suit doesn't put you in the holiday spirit, we don't know what will. The supermodel tweeted a photo of herself on Wednesday with the message..."]