["coast month on board 282.  Chinese  men and women. Who plan save them they said from  China 's. Family planning policy States and did not recognize  China 's family planning laws government said the smuggle  Chinese  would be dealt with quickly ", "a regular visitor to the York county prison where a group of Chinese -- Have waited behind the barbed wire to see if America will have them. On the night of June 3 1993. In New York Harbor not far from that mighty woman we called the mother of exiles. A tramp steamer called the golden venture inched closer to the coast month on board 282. Chinese men and women. Who plan to slip quietly to shore when no one was watching. But then you remember the ship ran aground and under the spotlights of Coast Guard helicopters many of the desperate passengers tried to swim to shore. Some of them did not survive but those who shivered and -- asked for asylum. To save them they said from China's . Family planning policy which allows only one child per couple. All they were trying to do was tell this story of how the babies were ripped from their bodies. And how their husbands -- dragged off to be sterilized. In the morning these huddled masses were rounded up and sent to prison immigration officials said. They did not believe their stories. Most of them have been coached by to smugglers to request political asylum. And the United States and did not recognize China's family planning laws as cause for asylum. The federal government said the smuggle Chinese would be dealt with quickly. But the hearings drag on for years. Beverly church -- the Pennsylvania paralegal who volunteered to help the Chinese and wade through the paperwork. And then listening to what they had to say she gave them her heart and every Friday since she has visited him in prison. -- to say that someday they'll be a Friday. And I won't have to wait for it. In fact much of York Pennsylvania got behind the Chinese they believe that they would be persecuted if they were sent home to China . The men spent their time making paper sculptures tiny scraps of paper folded or unfolded again into works of art. In some cases clear vision of freedom in America this is one that was actually send to us. And images of the China they had left behind. All of this with Beverly church's help ended up in a traveling art show. These got a lot ", 'call for freedom from  Chinese  rule. And for an end me He was beaten by  Chinese  soldiers. The crowd riders pulled down the  Chinese  flag replacing it with former national flag the  Tibet . And an estimated Steve for ABC news in  China .', "news now store here. We're gonna turn to the violent protests in Tibet journalists are being kicked out of the area. And today the Chinese Government banned all foreigners from getting anywhere near to that not even. In the Chinese provinces that border to that CTV's Steve Trout was along the border. He came over the mountain on horseback. -- -- -- More than a thousand ethnic Tibetans. Pouring into a remote Chinese town not far from the Tibetan border and their call for freedom from Chinese rule. And for an end to years of what they say is brutal oppression. He's the type of protest being repeated throughout the country people mostly Tibetans demanding their freedom and their own country. Attempts to storm the government office are repelled by tear gas. About a hundred heavily armed soldiers holed up inside. Send men and women into a panicked retreat. Looking -- bleeding from an open wound to his head this man tells me He was beaten by Chinese soldiers. The crowd moves to the town's school where riders pulled down the Chinese flag replacing it with the former national flag the Tibet . And an estimated 20000 people took part in protests in recent days this despite the presence of heavily armed paramilitary police. In -- -- town we were in we witness as many as semi trucks full of reinforcements arriving. This is far from over Steve -- for ABC news in -- China . ", 'reacting this leaks.  Beijing  is now calling on the Asian nations including  China  a revelation that may is the equivalent the  Chinese  spy. If he gives  China . US intelligence operations That were run against  Chinese  networks is promising ', 'and then -- possible extradition. The world is reacting this -- leaks. Beijing is now calling on the US to explain the disclosure. That the US has been cyber hacking Asian nations including China a revelation that may put Snowden an even tougher position is the equivalent -- the Chinese spy. If he gives China . US intelligence operations. That were run against Chinese networks -- is promising to reveal even more secrets and an online chat through the guardian newspaper he wrote the US government ', "Keanu Reeves  Shanghai  tang fashions bringing the  Chinese  fashion house creations an old  China  meets new Modern style.  Shanghai  two things artists are  China 's hope for Real roots in  Chinese  culture industry within  China . Will be ", "From Liv Tyler to Angelina Jolie Keanu Reeves Shanghai tang fashions are worn by the hottest celebrities on the red carpet but. If you haven't heard of that clothing line you will soon one young woman from Ohio is bringing the Chinese fashion house to a mall near you. ABC's Bob Jamieson introduces us now to her and our -- new series I'm young Americans to watch. In JoAnne Lee's creations an old China meets new trying to. A distinctive fusion of 5000 years of history. Modern style. Shanghai two things right designs emblazoned with the pattern from the country's artists are China's hope for its first luxury brand. One the company hopes will compete with the big fashion labels of Italy France and the United States. Decided. Early on that if them for the brands are really have lags it was very important to present collections which had real. Real roots in Chinese culture. So rumors she's produced a great -- forward. -- collections like this for next spring are propelling Shanghai tanks rooms. 50% a year for the past two years. And an American countries concerned beginning to notice. I do get very excited. Product they're trying to create a fashion industry within China . Will be taken seriously. They're exciting women choose their own heritage -- cultural artistic details. Even with a short skirts and western -- No doubt the roots of -- -- -- in China and that's something of a surprise once you get to know the 38 year old who. Quite ironic considering -- Com upbringing in Cincinnati Ohio. As a young immigrant child the only Asian in her school. She rejected the idea of anything Chinese and now here you are the creative director of what could be the most famous Chinese brand. It's quite a paradox that's taken. Mean this many years to actually embrace my heritage. I believe who is modeled tall and model slam our police consumers -- proceed. The China produces only cheap clothes her ideas come exclusively from a country of her ancestral. I realize that there was a huge treasure ", "captive by his employs in a factory in  china . We learned he was allowed to leave reaching an agreement with his unhappy  chinese  employees. Abc's gloria riviera factory owner chip starnes and his own  chinese  employees, the fight over compensation ", "american business owner held captive by his employs in a factory in china . We learned he was allowed to leave his office today after reaching an agreement with his unhappy chinese employees. Abc's gloria riviera has the story. Reporter: Chip starnes is a free man. It's over. Is it all over? Is everybody ", 'the intense standoff between american factory owner chip starnes and his own chinese employees, the fight over compensation, with starnes describing a harrowing few days inside these gates, unable to leave. Able to call his ', 'college graduates. And  China  which long so far behind public scrutiny in  Shanghai . Around the big cities of  China  at the school service control population the  Chinese  Government has imposed the best thing about  China . At what is the worst ', "in the world. In the number of per capita college graduates. And China which -- long -- so far behind this year -- graduates four times the number of college students. As those in the US. But it's true of everything in this country of one point three billion people that what's happening tonight. It's just the beginning. We're. We can't. A public scrutiny in Shanghai . Around the big cities of China at the school service to kind of national daycare for working parents. Yeah. These children are too by the age of three they'll be coming here from 8 in the morning until four in the afternoon. For three decades now to control population the Chinese Government has imposed a one child per family rule her. So that one child becomes the family's full of -- and treasure. And soon even these little kids won't start learning phrases in English by the first grade English for -- real. Now I can take -- home. -- again this is a class a third graders. Just like American kids these Chinese children will spend twelve years and school but a lot more school. On average they have 41 more days of class time ", "school juniors and -- -- skills pollution. What's the best thing about China . At what is the worst thing about. And China the focus on the test scores is so strong. That it takes up. All of the time these kids have to -- -- -- Pfeiffer and their. Can English teacher here in Shanghai says Chinese parents know -- -- teaching is by memorization and memorization never created a Silicon Valley. So they're trying to learn originality you will be what's it and to reach the ultimate dream an American University education. There are what -- 28000. Chinese studying in America tonight and that's 30% higher than last year. America is you know Johnny and Susie can't read but Billy ", "so. Maybe I can try this. Then there's this thing go like Chinese students. But in China hundreds of millions do -- specific goal. And -- whole family whole country pushing them to the finish line. ", 'tonight among the stories that caught our eye today a group of  Chinese  mailman who redefined right place right time. And a superstar What are they looking act. While they are mail carriers in  China  and they are fixated on a two year old little girl dangling ', "tonight among the stories that caught our eye today a group of Chinese mailman who redefined right place right time. And a superstar rapper gets a taste of what it's like for a fan to get turned away at the backstage door. To -- -- -- like to call the -- frenzy. These -- What are they looking act. While they are mail carriers in China and they are fixated on a two year old little girl dangling her legs from a fifth story window. Once they realized ", "world this year. It's an important day because. Well there are so few left it happened in a wildlife center in southwest  China  you can proud mom scuttling her babies. One of the twins was another shot their hard to see they're very very small experts ", "are so few left it happened in a wildlife center in southwest China you can -- proud mom scuttling her babies. One of the twins -- was another shot their hard to see they're very ", 'babies will be born in  China . Hello one point study English in  China  than there are people additional. The  Chinese  say they can build year the train from  Beijing  to  Shanghai  will take four hours Makes no sense for.  China  to have better ', "Good evening tonight and welcome to world news in China where the Shanghai sky line built in record time just two decades. Announces to the world that the sleeping giant is awake. We have come here to answer some questions about the staggering economic growth in China 10% a year. What does it mean to America to American jobs and American pride at being number one. And put out the secrets of this Turbo charged Chinese ambition. Well one thing becomes clear the minute you land the Chinese Government set goals and the Chinese people know what they are. Build the infrastructure of the country a Manhattan project on education especially science. And find some way to unleash the dreams. Of the largest population on earth. And every -- for every baby born in the United States almost born babies will be born in China -- -- Hello one point three billion people one in five of the people living on earth. The population of four and a half Americus when the government said learn English more people study English in China than there are people in America. -- additional. The Chinese say they can build a superhighway and the time it takes to get the permit and paperwork done in the US. Last week 200 workers in unison -- to fifteen Storey hotel in six dates. Using -- -- pieces that snap together like Legos. And more high speed -- ways than any other country. By the end of next year the train from Beijing to Shanghai will take four hours. That's about the distance from New York to Atlanta which takes Americans eighteen hours. It. Makes no sense for. China to have better. Rail systems and some. We just learned that China -- has the fastest supercomputer honor that used to be. Us. -- -- Who studied at MIT and then worked at Silicon Valley and says he loves America. -- it was like a vacation in the US compared to keeping up here in China at home. I want to go back home often in. You know I will have to go back home what Dana but I felt then go back home but -- not because Dina is that this in this -- But for -- -- distance China has traveled the problems are still enormous. With massive renovation comes massive -- just hours ago in Shanghai not far from where we're staying. A 28 story apartment building caught fire. Residents say 42 people were trapped at the top the hoses had to be brought -- from another building. Nearly a hundred were injured 42 died a quarter of the water in the country unsafe. They -- the world's worst polluters and that pollution contributes to 70% of cancer deaths. 700 million people still live in poverty in China surviving on less than two dollars a day. 40% of villages don't have. But when we drew from the country side. We ", "Tensions became even worse in  Chinese  ruled  Tibet  today there's been violence For eight days across  Tibet  tens of thousands of people without exception we see only  Chinese  Government video Paul today Lama back this Tibetan in  China  says Samir protesters are ", "ABC news now start here. Tensions became even worse in Chinese ruled Tibet today there's been violence going on there for days are digital -- -- -- and filed this report. In Lhasa today a single cell phone photo showing a city in lockdown. For eight days across Tibet tens of thousands of people have poured into the streets. Almost without exception we see only Chinese Government video -- Paul -- today that government accused the Dali Lama of planning protests fully too cautious. This incident the Chinese premier says it was incited by the deli -- But the Dali Lama insists He has no control over the people who consider him a living god these movements. -- -- -- Don't control -- and I couldn't. But his followers would do anything for him to his -- And to substitute -- we are ready to die if that is the way to get -- Lama back this Tibetan in China says Samir protesters are actually walking into the path of bullets willingly. Does that help the Tibetan -- and -- -- Q&A. ", 'hiding inside. The  chinese  are in the throes long, tweeted one  chinese  resident. And time verve ya, abc news,  beijing . And another note our team visited  china  two years ago, we polluted air outside in  beijing  and how we felt when ', "has hundreds of millions of people buying masks and hiding inside. The chinese are in the throes of what reporters are calling air-pock lips. And abc's gloria riviera is truly there in the thick of it all. Reporter: The sun was shining in beijing today, but you wouldn't know it. You feel a little bit suffocated. Reporter: This could be my long, tweeted one chinese resident. And time lapse photos show how chemical clouds made buildings disappear. Zero wind, freezing temperatures and factories at full tilt, made this week a perfect storm for pollution. At its peak, pollution hit 755 in beijing , making breathing extremely has dar douse. By comparison, the worst polluted city in the u.S., bakersfield, california, hit a high of 159 last year. It's super toxic air. Particle pollution like that can cause heart attacks and strokes that can kill people. It's lethal. Reporter: This photo from a recent greenpeace study shows what an air filter looks like after just 24 hours in beijing . Watch my wipe a thin layer that's accumulated on most cars. That's soot and grime. And this is my own air purifier. Watch this. Look. That's what we're breathing in beijing . One expert told me it's like becoming an instant smoker. Beijing did issue emergency warnings, for the first time ever this year. Signs the gott can't avoid problems everyone can see. Gloria river verve ya, abc news, beijing . And another note about this. When our team visited china two years ago, we noticed the difference between the polluted air outside in beijing and how we felt when we walked inside the american embassy, where the air is much cleaner. Well, we were told that ", "house, the white house accusing  china  of a breach of trust. We heard around here on describe u.S.- Chinese  relations, basically accusing  china  of lying about why snowden was negative impact on the u.S.- China  relationship. And there's ", "What we're seeing here at the white house, the white house accusing china of a breach of trust. We heard from jay carney today, using the kind of language we almost never hear them use around here on describe u.S.- Chinese relations, basically accusing china of lying about why snowden was allowed to leave hong kong. We are not buying this was a technical decision by a hong kong official. This was a deliberate choice by the government despite a valid arrest warrant and that decision unquestionably has a negative impact on the u.S.- China relationship. And there's a message here on russia as well. Robert mueller has been in touch with russian officials several times today, ", 'that by releasing snowden,  china  threw away the chance to with the united states.  China  talked about a win-win short-term game. Plus, whether  china  is prepared to enter into documents released to the  chinese  press puts us in an uncomfortable ', "put out a powerful tweet this morning saying that by releasing snowden, china threw away the chance to invest in relations with the united states. China talked about a win-win relationship to be a model of relations between major powers of the day. And instead gone for a short-term game. Plus, whether china is prepared to enter into regulation for the international competition. You had no doubt this was the government of china -- not a lot of freelancing in china . The idea that the hong kong authorities did this independently. Inconceivable. Does this complicate it? Yes, but not ending it. I don't think it's quite that serious. China will move on, hong kong will move on. What were they supposed to do? They have domestic politics as well, especially in hong kong. Snowden created protests in that country. I think in effect china had to get rid of this guy, get rid of the problem. He might be here for a long time and that would complicate things. This is something the united states does every day. Working in china . And snowden, interviews, and documents released to the chinese press puts us in an uncomfortable position. I think domestically in the u.S., I think this further strengthens the center on national ", "ambassador to  China  Jon Huntsman relationship with  Chinese  Government  Chinese  people alive grandfather left  China  on a speed country's first  Chinese American  governor He exports to  China . country he's in  Beijing  I know that ", "dramatically reducing the time it takes to get past. When he's in Beijing I know that American companies will be able to count him to represent their interest. China's top leaders. One of the world's fastest growing economies. Our relationship with China is one of the most critical. -- for -- Last two years we worked hard to build a relationship that serves our national interest. Addressing global security issues and expanding opportunities. For American companies. America wants. Continued cooperation between our countries will be good for America will be good for China and will be good for the world. Grandson of Chinese immigrant went on to live the American dream here is right person to continue this cooperation. I know He will bring the ", 'disclosure that the u.S. Was hacking on  chinese  targets. Is the equivalent of a  chinese  spy if he gives  china  details of u.S. Intelligence operations that were run against  chinese  networks. Reporter: Answering questions ', 'in the garage. Snowden\'s leaks are reverberating around the world with the chinese now calling on the u.S. To explain last week\'s disclosure that the u.S. Was hacking on chinese targets. Is the equivalent of a chinese spy if he gives china details of u.S. Intelligence operations that were run against chinese networks. Reporter: Answering questions online monday on "the guardian" newspaper site, snowden denied he was a spy and said "being called a ', "have been  China 's friendly Stephanie is in  China . At the weekly. But  China  is guarding accounts the  Chinese  tradition thousand years.  Beijing  famously sealed the new  Chinese American  relationship Diego Zoo  China  charges extra ", "adding up to lots of Green. For centuries giant pandas have been China's friendly furry ambassadors to the world rare creatures that always -- crowd. Now the country has figured out how to use -- for profits. ABC's Stephanie -- is in China . At the wall -- giant panda reserve of -- boom is in full swing. -- kindergarten that's where the one year -- hang out is that capacity. And healthy newborns are arriving in the nursery almost weekly. But -- China is guarding its precious national treasures like never before. By some accounts the Chinese tradition of giving giant -- away as a gesture of goodwill -- that more than a thousand years. Beijing famously sealed the new Chinese American relationship in 1972. With President Nixon. By presenting him with a gift of -- wishing and ringling. Today -- direct -- well ", 'And new video overnight a dramatic rescue of a toddler in  China  take a look at this nearby workers nervously watched her dangle from the window stories up. Luckily she did touch the ground but ', 'And new video overnight a dramatic rescue of a toddler in China take a look at this nearby workers nervously watched her dangle from the window -- stories up. Luckily -- -- -- -- ', "The u.S., Russia and  china , fighting over him right possible. Telling the south  china  morning post, he specifically did seem to suggest that  china  was complicit in getting I've heard toward the  chinese  in many years. Certainly ", "hours. Jay carney at the white house, did seem to suggest that china was complicit in getting snowden out of hong kong. Reporter: He sure did, george. This was some of the harshest language I've heard toward the chinese in many years. Certainly the harshest from the obama administration. Basically accusing china of lying by saying they had nothing to do with hong kong's decision allowing him to move out. And saying the move had caused damage to u.S./ Chinese relations. That's the message to russia, as well. If snowden is allowed to leave, if he's not turned over to the u.S., ", 'was detained by  Chinese  authorities Students for a Free  Tibet . I helped do when I went to  Beijing  I had to sort technology and  China  and disassembled tried to kill the  Chinese  people. And I Free speech in  Tibet  enough to kind ', "the Olympics activists campaigning for Tibetan independence. Saw the international spotlight on Beijing . As a chance to bring awareness to their cause and American artist joined in putting together a high tech laser. As part of the protest and then before the debut of his work James how early was detained by Chinese authorities. We spoke to -- -- after his safe return to New York. The organization I work force called the thirteen year research file and we're group of artists who make tools for our. Graffiti writers offensively but also. Artists and protesters. And one of the more popular projects we do involves using a laser pointer to on display messages on large scale. I was approached by a group called the Students for a Free Tibet . I helped do a demonstration inside -- Beijing during the Olympics they have an interest in getting a message out. So when I went to Beijing I had to sort of it's not gonna win a laser technology and China and disassembled state and I had to go to Wal-Mart to get a rubber mallet and exact and I. Then I -- ", 'told that I was in trouble because I tried to kill the Chinese people. And I tried to separate. The country of China . I think from the moment our family members heard about this thing got word to a lot of different people including a ', 'China  has allowed the first group of foreign journalists into  Tibet  following deadly anti  Chinese  Government riots. The government has they are in control of the situation.  China  says the protests that began peacefully ', "China has allowed the first group of foreign journalists into Tibet following deadly anti Chinese Government riots. The government has also announced the surrender of hundreds of people involved in the protest and the move appears calculated to support scientists' claims that they are in control of the situation. China says the protests that began peacefully were actually acts of destruction and murder. "]