["at a cost of up to $17 more a barrel. Strict regulations mean it's actually cheaper for companies to ship overseas.  China  pays more and so does india. Look at europe. In the uk gas is nearly $8 a gallon, in france and italy almost $9. I'm ", "barrel. Strict regulations mean it's actually cheaper for companies to ship overseas. China pays more and so does india. Look at europe. In the uk gas is nearly $8 a gallon, in france and italy ", "site. Out of 307. Souls onboard including passengers and crew all but survived an astonishing number. The two who died.  Chinese  teenagers on their way to Christian summer camp their parents. Obviously heart broken. Tragically it's possible that one ", "crew all but -- survived an astonishing number. The two who died. Chinese teenagers on their way to Christian summer camp their parents. Obviously heart broken. Tragically it's possible that one of the two girls ", 'sending things around on encrypted on the Internet which he would definitely not there really is no That the government Russia  China  or the United States would it would have for obtaining information that he possesses for the past six weeks I have. Every ', '-- there really is no -- -- That the government -- Russia China or the United States would it would have for obtaining information that he possesses for the past six weeks I have. Every ', 'visiting teams and now how to say give me a ball in every possible language. Can you say give me a ball in korean, japanese,  chinese , italian? I stumped you. Reporter: If you are looking for a place to get a ball tonight at the all-star game, try to ', 'possible language. Can you say give me a ball in korean, japanese, chinese , italian? I stumped you. Reporter: If you are looking for a place to get a ball tonight at the all-star game, try ', 'A huge amount of spine fractures some of them which include paralysis. Passengers killed sixteen year old students from  China . And one may have been struck by emergency workers. It did become obvious to us that one of the victims may have been ', 'which -- include paralysis. Passengers killed -- sixteen year old students from China . And one may have been struck by emergency workers. It did become obvious to us that one of the victims may have ', "once again in  Sichuan Province  that's of This is that  China  Nazis ruled traveled through  Sichuan Province  the route was answers from the  Chinese  Government out of the  Beijing  Games here southwest of  Beijing . There is ", "TDs. Now start here. The ground shook once again in Sichuan Province that's of course is the region of this country where a massive earthquake killed 69000 last may. This time the tremor four point three on the richter scale it's the third after shopped just this week. We traveled Baptist -- one province and found a region still in ruins. This is that China Nazis ruled spotlights now shining on PG. As we traveled through Sichuan Province the route was lined with stacks of -- supplier. Precious resources salvaged by townspeople. Still digging through the rubble three months later. A -- six warehouses and if you pull out with little vacancy. This woman carries a basket on her back. Anything -- materials they can use to rebuild we'll cannot this man points to the pile that was once his home still probably wearing his Olympics teacher. But there are still so much and your parents who demanded answers from the Chinese Government help with the schools could so easily crumble. I work six days a week looking for bricks this woman told us and goes back to temporary housing and watches the Olympics it is her -- Survivors lifted their glasses hosting when it last night as they watched the opening ceremonies. Being lit candles they developed the shape. Of the five Olympic programs. Which the world focused on the images coming out of the Beijing Games here 12100 miles southwest of Beijing . There is another American team still focused on something else. Wisconsin native people who look at this at this makeshift warehouse in ", "People's Republic of  China . And Johnson is throughout the day  China  has strongly suggested built throughout  China . They have not done reminded that the  Chinese  were able to use place quite near  Beijing . To the millennium occasion and now back to  Shanghai . Market There it ", "We take you to the future again Shanghai as I -- to the most populous nation in the world. But a country slightly smaller than the United States and are marked with -- -- chief Asia correspondent is there. Mark you don't know this but thanks to technology we've -- to a little differently. Thank you were before. You were looking all dressed up and keeping warm. And thanks to technology I think we've managed to put you in the jacket but why a celebration -- yeah. A quiet celebration in China of the millennium they don't use the same calendar. Well in many ways. This is China's way of reminding the world that this is not a millennium celebration for China this is a five millennium celebration or China . This is 5000 years of continuous history. 5000 years in which China was at one time the greatest civilization on the planet. In the year 999. The song dynasty China was the greatest civilization. At that time of great scientific and artistic achievement. The invention of Paper and printing and gunpowder and -- -- And all these years later China in some way try to tell the world we need you -- that lost glory. So it's celebrating the millennium is a ", 'Instant Index: New Law in China  Lets Parents Sue Children for Not Keeping in Touch', "with a headline that will have a lot of american parents thinking. In coming years 35% of  chinese  will be elderly. A new law went into effect in  china  which says aging parents can sue their children for failing to stay in touch. The new law doesn't ", "have a lot of american parents thinking. In coming years 35% of chinese will be elderly. A new law went into effect in china which says aging parents can sue their children for failing to stay in touch. The new law doesn't specify how often they ", "nose look into the faces of  China 's golden snub nosed monkeys The species is one of  China 's best kept secrets in yours you know mountains in  China . We're clicking through spots in the treetops. The  Chinese  Government protected but ", "this case monkey definitely has no nose look into the faces of China's golden snub nosed monkeys. -- may be surprised to find one prominent feature completely -- saying. The species is one of China's best kept secrets in the elusive primates have such limited contact with humans that they I'm even afraid of our correspondent. Tonight ABC's Gloria Riviera takes -- high into the treetops to meet -- -- It's just -- Allen in sun Yung-Jan and bass milk milk Blair needs yours you know -- mountains in China . -- -- -- -- -- -- -- We're clicking through one of China's most extraordinary. And rare animals we know it's not the panda. This one may just be eating shooter and at the same time a little stranger. Filmed by National Geographic for the series why -- China . Tacoma extend nosed -- -- only founding China and seldom seen that strange missing nose and possibly you know. Pollution -- retreat to survive passed by. I'm extinction and he'd been given a unique opportunity to trying to meet a monkey eats. For example the united and I says it may be our lucky day he spots -- in the treetops. The Chinese Government -- -- protected but these animals. Payments when his nineteen. Could almost not only been -- outside China and tourists can't come here. These monkeys are still elusive the world just doesn't know a lot about them not even how ", 'Snowden also makes new claims that the u.S. Hacked  chinese  telecom companies and a major university. But the kong operates under its own legal system. But the  chinese  government in  beijing  maintains a degree of authority and could intervene ', 'in hong kong. Snowden also makes new claims that the u.S. Hacked chinese telecom companies and a major university. But the question remains, why is snowden free, if the u.S. Wants him in custody? He ', 'proceedings. Reporter: Hong kong operates under its own legal system. But the chinese government in beijing maintains a degree of authority and could intervene behind the scenes or more publicly. It also depends on what more mr. Snowden ', 'in  Tibet  where  Chinese  authorities continued anger. This  Chinese  Government video reportedly show  Chinese  forces have attacked monastery in  Tibet  the caller described her call for  China  to show restraint protests. And urged  Beijing  to find a way ', "ABC news now store here. -- ten showdown in Tibet where Chinese authorities continued to deploy troops in an attempt to crack down on protesters there. Our digital reporter -- -- and filed this report from the home base of the exiled Tibetan government in -- on solid India. For one week Tibetans have launched unprecedented protests -- decades of anger. This Chinese Government video doesn't show the military crackdown. But these photos released by monks and India reportedly show -- Chinese forces have attacked protesters. -- some of them lane in the street. -- their allies and I Begin protests prevented what. But ", "superpowers President Obama and  China 's new president but how do you bring up  Chinese  surveillance during the with. Is she behind it  Chinese  Camelot. As the leaders difficult task of asking  China . Not to American computers ", "That meeting of the two superpowers President Obama and China's new president but how do you bring up Chinese surveillance during the week of headlines here about surveillance and our own country. ABC White House correspondent Jim -- on the summit and on the other First Lady -- president had teamed with. Is she behind it Chinese Camelot. As the leaders of the world's two biggest economic engines strolled among palm trees in the California desert. President Obama had the difficult task of asking China . Not to -- American computers for corporate ideological property or defense secrets at the same time critics say the US government is ", "China . I mean. Let's say he effectively double agent you know kind of win win over to the  Chinese . How much damage could it could either. Well I think he can do tremendous damage I think if a foreign government learned everything ", "China . I mean. Let's say he -- effectively double agent you know kind of win win over to the Chinese . How much damage could it could either. Well I think he can do tremendous damage I think if a foreign government learned ", "in  Beijing  and  China 's are coming protests continue in  Tibet China  is cracking down Stephanie size in  Beijing  this morning openness when  China  decided it was what's happened in  Tibet  there's now week against  Chinese  rule  Chinese", "now 138. Days before the opening ceremonies of the Summer Olympics in Beijing and China's are coming under increasing scrutiny as the host nation makes final preparations. As protests continue in Tibet China is cracking down severely and concerns over human rights. Are mounting threatening to -- -- the games at least politically ABC's Stephanie size in Beijing this morning. With the very latest good morning. Good morning bill it was a sign of new openness when China decided it was going to allow -- broadcast from Tiananmen square during the Olympics. But so one nerd does the government by what's happened in Tibet there's now word that they have reversed that decision and -- clamping down elsewhere too. Four and a half months before the Olympic Games China has a massive image problem. When Tibetans rioted in the streets last week against Chinese rule Chinese military might stood ready to put them down. Flashbacks to the Tiananmen square massacre almost twenty years ago were inevitable. Although witnesses say this time the Chinese . Showed restraint and this has been -- a great challenge for the the Chinese -- it seems. Clear. That they had been somewhat less heavy handed they have also demonstrated today that they may not -- be ready. For all of the intricate political questions that will be raised in the period -- now on the Olympics. Today the new pro China Taiwanese president elect added his voice to a chorus of US and EU lawmakers calling for a possible Olympic boycott. The opening ceremony had already been the target of protest. When acclaimed movie director Steven Spielberg pulled out his creative advisor citing China's policies in Darfur. In you're going to have the international human rights community. Latch onto this as a moment of tremendous opportunity to really pried open and force the Chinese Government. In a direction -- Chinese Government may not want to go. But China is reverting to its old ways to prevent that from happening. Restricting journalists and censoring television and the Internet after the Tibet protest the US State Department warned travelers at their hotel rooms might be -- But what Beijing can't suppress or the growing protests around the world. And San Francisco the only US city on the torch relay route mass demonstrations are planned. The -- will also go through Tibet but no one expects China will allow any more protests there. Chinese state media reported today that the country still enjoys worldwide support for the Olympics. But as a sign of how isolated it has become on the Tibet issue it lists as its greatest supporters Cuba and North Korea and the Communist party of Brazil. -- Stephanie aside from Asia. ", "could be trying to defect to  china , taking american secrets may be about to defect to  china  with a trove of america's thorough scrub of what his  china  connections are. Reporter Has been hacking into  chinese  computer networks for years ", "system sparking new concerns that he could be trying to defect to china , taking american secrets with him. Brian ross on this again tonight. Reporter: As protestors in hong kong rallied to the cause of edward snowden today, american authorities told abc news they fear he may be about to defect to china with a trove of america's most sensitive secrets. We're going to make sure there's a thorough scrub of what his china connections are. Reporter: Snowden himself was defensive when specifically asked by the guardian newspaper whether he had come to hong kong to defect to china ? We're not at war in an flikt and we're not trying to be. Reporter: He claims he has documents downloaded from the post in hawaii where he worked that showed the u.S. Has been hacking into chinese computer networks for years. He copied documents and made a run for it. He's not a whistle blower and maybe worse. Reporter: ", "Webcast: Bin Laden's Driver: Guilty; Tibet  Protest in Beijing ; K2 Mountain Disaster", "sites critical of  China . Mr. Bush recently protesters took on  China 's prohibition against today is exactly why  China  is intent on keeping these people down.  Chinese  visa was revoked clearly not even  China 's massive dragnet Stephanie sign ABC news  Beijing . In northern Pakistan ", "It is just one day now before the Olympic opening ceremonies in Beijing -- already been several protests involving Americans. Including 1 this morning a small group of Christian protesters were hustled out of Tiananmen square. This as the city's air seems to be getting worse. President Bush is Asian tour takes him to Beijing today this morning in Bangkok Mr. Bush issued some of his harshest words ever at the Chinese Government. He said the US stands in firm opposition to China's detention of dissidents and activists -- Which speak for free press. Freedom of assembly. And labor rights. Not to antagonize China's leaders. But because trusting its people with a greater freedom is the only way for China to develop its full. Potential. China has criticized Mr. Bush for meeting with Chinese dissidents at the White House. Investigators are looking into the cause of a deadly helicopter crash involving fire crews in northern California. ", "of his Asian trip now underway. A speech sharply critical of the Chinese Government after He delivers and he'll fly on the Beijing . For the start of the Olympic Games are David Curley is traveling with the president. In a highly unusual move the White House released President Bush's speech about China nearly eighteen hours before He delivers it here in Thailand wife because Mr. Bush will criticize his posted. Aging saying He has quote deep concerns over religious freedom and human rights. And that America stands in quote firm opposition. To China's detention of dissidents. Trying to prod rather than provoke Mr. Bush set the tone during a stop in South Korea. He ought to welcome. People and people can't express their minds and to an extent that people are able to do that people are able to worship freely is. You know I I think is -- mistake. Mr. Bush says he's delivered that message to China's leader in the past but the early release of this speech was no mistake. Delivering tough language long before the president arrives in Beijing . President Bush's decision to attend the Beijing Olympics has forced him to walk this difficult diplomatic tightrope. And the Chinese are not making it any easier arresting even more dissidents and restricting access to some web sites critical of China . Mr. Bush recently invited Chinese activist to the White House some of those and attendants told us. They asked Mr. Bush to cancel this trip to the games when President Bush is standing there at the opening ceremonies. Who's won the propaganda that. It -- haven't -- the Chinese Government to win the propaganda. That sent out. America what we won't seat they feel like that they have to deal with. That's the message that's a very -- message. -- -- -- The president says He will try to make it matter when He arrives in Beijing Friday. David currently ABC news Bangkok. And in Beijing today near the giant Olympic Stadium which has been nicknamed the bird's nest. Small group of protesters took on China's prohibition against political dissent. And the protesters seem to win briefly. ABC's Stephanie side has more from the Chinese capital. A stone's throw from the national stadium a protestor scales a 120 foot electrical -- as police looked on helplessly. This is the most brazen risky political act. We've seen in Beijing in the lead up to the Olympics that protester unfurling a banner not only that reads one dream one world free Tibet . But now once early -- flags. For Tibetan independence. We've wrinkled -- contact Ian Tom on the phone is still strong to the poll. And what do you think is going to happen to you when you get down from that poll. I mean it's. Gonna it's. Gonna come -- man they -- -- anything. I'm getting -- What happened today is exactly why China is intent on keeping people like former Olympian Joey Cheek out. Co founded team dirt poor. We hope that we can take the issue of our -- the issue of these people. And let the world see that one athletes caring can make a difference and -- that we is an international communion have had let these people down. -- Chinese visa was revoked last night but clearly not even China's massive dragnet keep all the activists out. Stephanie sign ABC news Beijing . In northern Pakistan today a helicopter evacuated the last survivor of a multi national mountain climbing expedition that -- disaster. Near the ", "trying to smuggle hundreds of illegal  Chinese  immigrants into the United States the Fujian province in southeastern  China  where at best they earn about eighty increased illegal immigration from  China  but they say it's unusual for so ", 'find out who was responsible. For trying to smuggle hundreds of illegal Chinese immigrants into the United States. Aboard a small freighter which -- ran aground on a new York city beach early this morning. ', "growing against  China 's occupation of  Tibet  sparked by yesterday's deadly riots in  Tibet 's capital. Today  China  is warning protesters groups accused the  Chinese  government of China  went to let  China  is hoping the actually played in  Beijing . The game was ", "a tribute to this storm. Around the world protest their growing against China's occupation of Tibet sparked by yesterday's deadly riots in Tibet's capital. Today China is warning protesters in Tibet to surrender immediately. ABC's -- different has the latest from India where Tibet's government in exile is located. They are the most significant protests in Tibet -- when He years. These images captured from a -- the first smuggled out of the region since demonstrations began five days ago. Tibetan independence groups accused the Chinese government of killing at least thirty protesters. It is the number denied by Chinese authorities. And gets more the most teaching less being. Supporters committed group that He and -- -- then -- them. -- -- ", "Our trip next to  China  you have been sending traveling all over  China  to prepare for right now south of  Shanghai . In a town known Clarissa ward in  Beijing  I've been living years but I visiting  China  for nearly fifteen yeah. Is that the  Chinese  are really starting ", "out American workers back home -- next week here. Clarissa ward in Beijing I've been living here now -- -- years but I -- visiting China for nearly fifteen years and one thing I'm. Started to notice yeah. Is that the Chinese are really starting to learn English and they're starting and very young age. -- most urban parents here. I only have one ", "horrifying scene one of  China 's super elite high Killing 39 people. And now  China 's government is trying Based out instructions to  Chinese  journalists covering question do not elaborate.  China  is  Beijing Shanghai  bullet train opened earlier ", "China and what we have learned today about what the Chinese will do when their technological edge on America's being challenged cracked down. We have evidence tonight that the Chinese are embarrassed by the crash of their vaunted high speed bullet trains. ABC's Clarissa ward on how the Chinese are trying to spin the story. It was -- horrifying scene one of China's super elite high speed train smacked into the back of another train that it stalled. Killing 39 people. And now China's government is trying to bury believed. Based out instructions to Chinese journalists covering the tragedy He saints annually -- -- -- among the highlights. Do not investigate the causes of the accident instead the government says concentrate on touching stories like how people are donating blood. They insist all stories have the same theme in the face of great tragedy the memo reads there's great -- Bottom line do not question do not elaborate. China is Beijing Shanghai bullet train opened earlier this month with much fanfare. An example if China beating the US senate -- of technology and infrastructure. David Muir wrote the new train during world news is China trip last November. Trains that travel at speeds look. 130 miles around as China -- only lost -- -- the world building cleaner more efficient technology. The crash is not the only story they're trying to "]