['The photo of him along with his wife and two small children is heartbreaking, the picture of the perfect-seeming family, except tonight dad is gone from the picture because dad raced cars for a living and there was a tragedy in ', " yesterday. If you're not a race fan, it might all look the same, cars going way too fast, making only left turns and taking way too big a risk for a trophy and some prize money. If you're a fan, then you get it. If you're among racing's interconnected families, you understand it as well. At any level, however, the death of champion driver ", " is just sad, and before it's over it may have ramifications for an entire sport. We want to begin tonight with ", ". When you've got a pack of them racing at more than 200 miles an hour, separated by just feet, there's always the potential for disaster. But some race veterans say this was one of the worst pileups they've ever seen.", 'It happened on the 12th lap of a 300-mile race when the tires of two cars touched, sending them out of control. What followed was a chain reaction of collisions, 15 cars in all.', "'s car launched into the air, hitting the wall in a fiery crash along with several other ", ', 33 years old, leaves behind a wife and two small sons. His family, friends and colleagues in racing were stunned by the news of his death.', ' was born to be a racer and yesterday left us doing what he loved to do. He was a true champion and a gentleman on and off the track.', "We're certainly up to the challenge. And, you know, these race tracks are tracks that I normally go very, very well at.", "You don't want the wheels climbing up over each other because that's when unpleasant things happen.", ' is a two-and-a-half-mile course, kind of a rectangle with rounded corners and long, flat straightaways. Five-time defending ', "Those cars are going so fast and get airborne frequently on ovals that I wouldn't run them on ovals. There's just no need to.", "When there is a wreck that transpires right in front of you, you don't have time to react, to brake or even steer away from the wreck. And that's precisely what happened to ", ', the organization that had this race here, had no comment to the critics who say that machines built for the ']