["\t\tPart 2: For the last detail of Curcio's meticulous plan, he turned to Craigslist.", '\t\t\t\t\t\tAnthony her -- was about to attempt one of the -- bizarre bank robberies in recent history. After three months of meticulous planning everything was in place including the final details. -- need to... See More ', "\t\t\t\t\t\tAnthony her -- was about to attempt one of the -- bizarre bank robberies in recent history. After three months of meticulous planning everything was in place including the final details. -- need to create the crowd how kind of people who show up on this place. -- one time or whenever. I think lines Obama will make it Craigslist posting them and get people to Wear an exact same council. He posted a convincing at -- -- landscaper with promises of 28 bucks an hour. It's specified -- uniform. Blue hat. Sure safety glasses and a yellow vest. A minor investment for someone looking for jobs he even followed up by email with more details where and -- to meet. And just stay put until their supervisor showed up. And to work. The morning of the crime a crowd of hopeful workers stood -- outside the thing. This was the get -- Chris -- that called for now imagine many times Chris truly. Now one of these guys who's gonna pull off the ultimate highs that -- -- -- there were gonna help they just didn't know. Cory Skinner was one of those workers. Everybody was just -- sit around talking in. We -- to go to work. And about thirty minutes later we finally realized that. -- and everywhere can. -- went to high school with Anthony -- -- but had no idea what the most popular kid in school was about to do. I'm definitely nervous. It felt just like before a big game six. In you know my life here. All listen to our car so I take my -- -- get about fifty. This -- surveillance video tells the story yeah. Chris -- comes out of nowhere and hit the guard with enough Mason to stun the bear the guard reaches for his eyes and -- until the bags of money. Hanging on the -- -- -- makes his move. And what I plan on doing and -- the money. Took off detectives -- -- Brazil and Barry hatch didn't need to get the call that morning they heard I was on another case. I kept hearing sirens. And sirens. -- sentence sums bigs going. Clothes and hats each with fifteen years of sleuthing under their holster belts constitute two thirds of the detective unit. In the small town -- room. But when bulls and had to ride to the bank that day they encounter a verse fifteen clones of their -- When you started seeing all these people wearing the same clothes. What we think. A lot of people just up the same way might be a distraction to some but really were chasing a guy that's running down mystery stripping off his clothes. They learn from eyewitnesses that the coal produced coal. And athletic and he took off carrying two bags of cash under his -- on one bill of. Where was he running off to the they tell you were right down to the -- right down this way. We've seen how busy this -- -- it's a very busy intersection. And it happened in the middle of the yes -- -- got hit by truck. The witnesses all the -- -- -- down this path toward the creek fumbling one bag along the way. Clearly overwhelmed by the weight of this treasure them for 200 feet at breakneck speed he ran to the edge of the creek to make is unlikely to get away. On an -- to. The officers told me that appeared to -- On the far side of the the creek -- it was -- up against some trees and brush with having been somewhat. I was a strange way to try to escape from a robbery and where -- ago. Where he go over the last place anyone would look for a thief. I have to get out of there. Isn't solved. I'm trying to think you in this whole chaotic mess and -- the only place I can think of us. Well the one place that the police are going to be. Is that the police station right now. Chris -- sets off in the direction of the local police station. Now looking like an average Joseph walking down main street. But this was workers -- -- really go for ride with two -- -- number one my shoes yourself away. When he tries to use a phone at a nearby business he nearly blows his cover. -- receptionist -- council. There's all right -- phone he gets on the phone and arranges a -- but then blunder number two hits them where do you stash 400 grand in cash. After counting it was like okay. It's a done deal pat myself on the back I -- -- -- and my mind then I'm trying to figure out what I do with this money. Where -- keep it. It's been all that time planning this high stone -- yet no idea what you were doing with the money now. But there was some thick fur -- left behind and his mad dash. We ran off page views. Were off his mask and Britain -- -- sunglasses had. -- on the ground and continue running. The review helpful -- when -- -- us I suspect. All of that is of great interest to catch -- -- Inside the -- -- Trace amounts of saliva that would contain his DNA. Finding -- man that matched that DNA with these detectives on a cat and mouse chase right out of catch me if you can't. Someone called in reported. Robbery type items being hidden behind a dumpster near the bank come from. When they dig up the report they find the -- not only discovered the disguise. He also took down the license plate of the man who came back for the item when that officer. But that -- -- in there what will you learn about from the owner of the vehicle with friends family curse you. And in the small town of Monroe with every new family commercial was married to Anthony -- Anthony whose name was -- want to quickly candidate capitalist. Now you have this name. At the top of the list. And what do you do with. Well we've got -- track down the witness to start with to really solidified. What he saw was what he saw and this wasn't your typical -- was. Now. When we come back and was the mystery caller who had been keeping an eye on -- -- -- -- finish with shock everyone. ", '\t\t\t\t\t    This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.', '\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\tMeet three guys who blew off the Ivy League to start a new kind of rental car company.', '\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\tPart 1: How did a small-town golden boy end up trying to rob a Brinks truck?', "\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\tPart 2: For the last detail of Curcio's meticulous plan, he turned to Craigslist.", '\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\tPart 3: Curcio may have gotten away with $400,000 if not for one man he once disregarded.', '\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\tAfter Roth went missing at a Long Island beach, his wife thought he was dead - but was he?']