['The Secret Keeper" by Kate Morton (Washington Square) 6. "Beautiful Ruins" by Jess Walter (Harper Perennial) 7. " NYPD  Red" by James Patterson, Marshall Karp (Grand Central Publishing) 8. "Wild: From Lost to Found on the Pacific Crest Trail ', 'Man convicted of killing 2 New York City police officers in 2003 gets death penalty', 'More than two decades after the body of a child was found inside a cooler, the  New York Police Department  is seeking help identifying the girl dubbed "Baby Hope." On Tuesday, the 22nd anniversary of the unsolved crime, police offered ', "Bloomberg has indicated he'd keep trying to persuade lawmakers to take his side. The legislation reflects concerns about the  NYPD 's extensive use of the stop and frisk tactic and its widespread surveillance of Muslims. The spying was disclosed in stories ", 'Friday on burglary charges after a joint investigation by the  New York Police Department , the Fire Department of New York and the city Department to the DOI, after Keene was interviewed by the DOI and  NYPD  he allegedly admitted to burglarizing the firehouses. DOI ', 'so that this never, ever happens again," Sharpton said to supporters who had gathered outside the  New York City Police Department  headquarters in New York this morning, The Associated Press reported. Sharpton will be joined by Martin\'s ', 'The chief spokesman for the  New York Police Department  on big stories such as the failed 2010 Times Square car-bombing period of record declines in serious crime and when the  NYPD  was criticized for its secret surveillance of Muslims ', 'Crime) 3. "Entwined with You" by Sylvia Day (Berkley) 4. "Beautiful Ruins" by Jess Walter (Harper Perennial) 5. " NYPD  Red" by James Patterson, Marshall Karp (Grand Central Publishing) 6. "Inquebrantable: Mi Historia, A Mi Manera" by Jenni ', "vigils Saturday. Martin's mother and her son, Sabrina and Jahvaris Fulton, will join Al Sharpton outside  New York Police Department  headquarters. Martin's father, Tracy Martin, is set to be at a similar event at a federal courthouse ", 'her, but lost valuable jewelry and paperwork, along with her clothing, in the burglary and fire. The  New York Police Department  said they are investigating the fire as an arson and believe the house was burglarized. They have not identified ', 'any one case epitomizes the nexus between terrorism and drug trafficking and the destructive impact on Colombian society, this is it,"  NYPD  Commissioner Raymond W. Kelly said. Barrera is set to make a new court appearance on September 4.', 'Julieta Venegas and Carla Morrison, it was announced that the  New York Police Department  ordered the cancellation of the concert and immediate evacuation venue due to severe weather forecasts. No strangers to  NYPD  overzealousness, audience members initially refused to ', 'ABC News. The best part - Reynolds was so nice and unassuming that King said she wasn\'t even star-struck. Was she nervous? "No, I wasn\'t. I want to interview Taylor Swift!" she added. Tough Break Ryan. Maybe the  NYPD  is hiring?', 'Yanahit Padilla is one of five women suing the  NYPD  for not providing Spanish translation.', "Well that's what everyone does except the members of the  New York police department . Bomb unit they are unique band whose job is literally super reporter Richard and producer Ted They go inside the  NYPD 's exclusive bomb unit and we have richest as you know ", "possible right. Well that's what everyone does except the members of the New York police department . Bomb unit they are unique band whose job is literally to go face to face with explosives and they know that if they don't defuse that bomb. It could mean lives certainly their own. In bomb squad a new book by ABC news super reporter Richard -- -- and producer Ted -- -- They go inside the NYPD's exclusive bomb unit and we have richest as you know here to talk to us about it. This kind of access you ", "we've been watching the Coast Guard and  NYPD  scuba team you can see right behind me no coming out without Tom watched as the  NYPD  scuba teams searched the dark murky waters rescue her but neither resurfaced. The  NYPD  Coast Guard and FDNY spent hours trying ", "be -- up all morning we've been watching the Coast Guard and NYPD scuba team you can see right behind me harbor patrol they have been scouring. What is called the Coney Island creek for ", 'There was no -- coming out without -- Tom watched as the NYPD scuba teams searched the dark murky waters. Harbor patrol made several passes around the inlet searching for the victims 44 year old ', 'went underwater. Tom jumped in to rescue her but neither resurfaced. The NYPD Coast Guard and FDNY spent hours trying to find it here Monday night but called off the search around midnight. News of ', 'Hidden tracking devices can help you recover your car if it is stolen. Reporter: Another tip, this one from the head of the  nypd . He said never val lay park. Thieves target those boxes where people store keys. Do not leave your key in the car. It sounds ', 'is stolen. Reporter: Another tip, this one from the head of the nypd . He said never val lay park. Thieves target those boxes where people store keys. Do not leave your key in the car. ', 'New York Police Department  releases video of alleged victim outside hotel in Chelsea neighborhood.', 'New York Police Department  is providing coverage at theaters playing "The Dark Knight Rises."', 'New York Police Department  is providing coverage at theaters playing "The Dark Knight Rises."']