['there yet." Obama calls for a long-term strategy to replace short-term thinking: less economic inequality, a higher  minimum wage  and better access to pre-school. All are repeats of ideas the president long has been promoting. Organizing for Action isn\'t ', 'graduates and makes just $20,000 per year (people making  minimum wage  and working full-time earn about $15,080), it actually far more than they were initially given. Someone who makes  minimum wage , however, would never pay for their degree. Zakiya Smith ', 'grocery stores and libraries. A lack of transportation can make it difficult to get to jobs, which can make it hard to earn a  living wage . That ties into another point: Kids who attend better schools are also more likely to rise. When poor kids are distributed ', "about 50 pallbearers, organized into teams, and each man earns $5 per burial or about $70 a week, the equivalent of  minimum wage . They are contractors, not funeral home employees, hired on a per-job basis with no benefits. In Arguedas' case ", "doesn't smash through your living room wall and find you or a loved one. It's riding buses for miles trying to find even  minimum wage  jobs where none exist. It's about cringing at news reports about the hundreds of thousands of dollars stolen by the ex-mayor ", "retirement have less risk of developing Alzheimer's or other types of dementia, a study finds. 7. WHO'S FACING OFF OVER  MINIMUM WAGE  Wal-Mart is battling efforts by Washington, D.C., to force big-box stores to pay workers at least $12.50 an hour ", 'impose a higher  minimum wage  on big-box fuming about a " living wage " bill approved than city\'s  minimum wage  of $8.25 federal or state  minimum wage . In 2007, Maryland state to enact a  living wage  bill, which ', 'Post earlier this week. Back in May, Vanegas spoke out against his employer, Quick Pita, saying he was paid less than  minimum wage  and not properly compensated for overtime hours. He participated in a one-day strike with other workers in the capital ', 'signature. The so-called " living wage " through the council\'s 50 an hour. The city\'s  minimum wage  is $8.25. In the U make little more than the  minimum wage . On Wednesday afternoon, Councilmember than $5 per hour above the  minimum wage ." When Walmart decided ', 'required to receive her wages through a debit card that charged fees, resulting in some hourly employees receiving less than  minimum wage . Natalie Gunshannon, a single mother, said she and other workers were paid through a JPMorgan Chase Payroll Card, which ', 'alleging that Gawker violated the  minimum wage  law by failing to pay them for their Paparella, told ABCNews.com, "The  minimum wage  protects citizens from outright exploitation decide whether interns must be paid  minimum wage  and overtime in the for-profit, private ', "grueling eight-hour shifts without a meal break. They're also alleging that hourly employees weren't always paid their  minimum wage  of $8 an hour and denied overtime pay. The plaintiffs say they were not provided with proper documentation for their hours ", "1.9 percent in this year's first quarter, 0.5 percent below last year's predictions. The government raised the  minimum wage  by nearly 9 percent this year, but the price of transportation and other basic services remain disproportionately high ", "harder for unions to fight. For the middle class. Washington doled out bigger tax cuts. To the very wealthy. And smaller  minimum wage  increases. For. The working poor. And so what happened was that. But the link between higher productivity. And people's ", "Washington doled out bigger tax cuts. To the very wealthy. And smaller minimum wage increases. For. The working poor. And so what happened was that. But the link between higher productivity. And people's wages and salaries ", "baby who will look. But the new There on ordinary modern fairy tales and then there's this. From waited tables for a  minimum wage . Imagine F 5000 dollars a day. too little too often it's very do you. we'll get used to painful from the Kenya and ", "carrying a baby will look. But the new And ordinary modern fairy tales. And then there's this. I am waiting tables turned  minimum wage  tonight at 5000 dollars a day. Sliced into office that's very nice to ruin We'll get used to full looking and the important ", "tales. And then there's this. -- -- I am waiting tables turned minimum wage tonight at 5000 dollars a day. Sliced into office that's very nice to ruin -- We'll get used to -- full -- ", 'today a full time worker making the  minimum wage  earns. 141500. Dollars a year. Even The family two kids that earns the  minimum wage  still lives below the poverty line the last on this congress raised the  minimum wage . Nineteen states have chosen to bump ', "work with honest wages. But today a full time worker making the minimum wage earns. 141500. Dollars a year. Even win the tax relief we put in place. The family -- two kids that earns the minimum wage still lives below the poverty line. That's wrong. That's why since the last on this congress raised the minimum wage . Nineteen states have chosen to bump there is even higher. Tonight. Let's declare that in the wealthiest nation on earth. No one ", "working folks shouldn't have to wait a year after year for the minimum wage to go up while CEO pay has never -- higher. So here's an idea that governor Romney and I actually agreed on last year. Let's -- the minimum wage to the cost of living so that it finally become the -- you can live off. ", "you need to go to the bathroom. Reporter: Their class action lawsuit claimed hourly employees weren't always paid the  minimum wage  of 8 bucks, were denied overtime and have no idea what happened to some of their tips. Handwritten paychecks sometimes ", "Reporter: Their class action lawsuit claimed hourly employees weren't always paid the minimum wage of 8 bucks, were denied overtime and have no idea what happened to some of their tips. Handwritten paychecks sometimes. There was ", 'internships may now be numbered if a court ruling holds. Federal judge has ruled that fox searchlight pictures violated  minimum wage  and overtime laws by not paying Who worked on the production of the 2010 movie Black Swan. The judge said the students did ', 'court ruling holds. Federal judge has ruled that fox searchlight pictures violated minimum wage and overtime laws by not paying -- -- Who worked on the production of the 2010 movie Black Swan. The judge said ', "will be the first city in the nation with a  minimum wage  above ten dollars. The city by the today raises its  minimum wage  every year using a formula that's tied to it's an increase of 32 cents over the current  minimum wage .", "Seven Cisco will be the first city in the nation with a minimum wage above ten dollars. The city by the today raises its minimum wage every year using a formula that's tied to inflation. For 2012 -- new wage comes out to 1024. Hour it's an increase of 32 cents over the current minimum wage . "]