["Request for extradition did not fully comply with their laws. So far, no help for u.S. Authorities in trying to nab  edward snowden , which is likely exactly why he's mapped out this route. Tonight, as the u.S. Now warns other countries not ", "laws. So far, no help for u.S. Authorities in trying to nab edward snowden , which is likely exactly why he's mapped out this route. Tonight, as the u.S. Now warns other countries not to help him, ", "has come forward. He's  edward snowden . He worked with the national civilian contractor with the  nsa  in hawaii. When you see everything newspaper, conducted by columnist  glenn greenwald  in hong kong. This is the concerned about the reach of the  nsa 's surveillance of innocent ", 'a former cia technician, who currently is a civilian contractor with the nsa in hawaii. When you see everything, you see them on a more frequent basis. And you recognize that some of these things are actually abuses. Reporter: Snowden revealed himself and his motivation sunday afternoon in this interview, posted online by "the guardian" newspaper, conducted by columnist glenn greenwald in hong kong. This is the truth. This is what\'s happening. You should decide if we should be doing this. Reporter: Snowden said he saw firsthand and became increasingly concerned about the reach of the nsa\'s surveillance of innocent americans. Even if you\'re doing nothing wrong, you\'re being watched and recorded. Reporter: That\'s why he said he chose ', "allies. The latest bomb shell from  edward snowden . His secrets are sending shock waves Reporter: Reporter: This latest leak in  edward snowden 's campaign seems carefully timed for the same meeting four years ago, the  nsa  intercepted communications from russian ", 'america had spied on its own allies. The latest bomb shell from edward snowden . His secrets are sending shock waves all over the world and now his own father is pleading with him to stop. Abc\'s chief investigative correspondent brian ross starts us off with the latest. Reporter: Reporter: This latest leak in edward snowden\'s campaign seems carefully timed for maximum embarrassment and outrage as the meeting of world leaders in northern ireland, the so-called g8. Snowden gave the "guardian" newspaper top secret documents revealing how the british government spied on "diplomatic targets from all nations" and their "smartphones" at a similar meeting of world leaders in 2009. The "guardian" said other documents from snowden show that at the same meeting four years ago, the nsa intercepted communications from russian president medvedev shortly after he met with president obama. No good can come of his revelati revelations. But ', "to the latest on  edward snowden . Where is he now where's waldo. The  nsa  and cia contract booz allen at the  nsa  in hawaii, to get access to the  nsa 's activities around world. He spoke to  glenn greenwald , saying more information ", "mr. Snowden appropriately. Reporter: It's a real-life version of where's waldo. The nsa and cia contract employ fleeing to hong kong a month ago, then russia this weekend. I feel like every country's going, hot ", "post, he specifically took the job through contractor booz allen at the nsa in hawaii, to get access to the nsa's activities around the world. He spoke to glenn greenwald , saying more information is about to come out. Let's get more on the fallout from abc's jon karl at the white house. ", 'computer systems in hong kong. He said the  nsa  hacks chinese companies to steal sms data have. We have a set of laws that guide how  nsa  acts. We follow those laws. We have tremendous say, if you are a u.S. Person, the  nsa  cannot listen to your telephone calls ', 'that they had hacked computer systems in hong kong. He said the nsa hacks chinese companies to steal sms data. Is that true? We have interest in those who collect on us as an intelligence ', 'laws we have. We have a set of laws that guide how nsa acts. We follow those laws. We have tremendous oversight by all three portions of the government. The courts, congress, and the administration. ', "week, what he can say, if you are a u.S. Person, the nsa cannot listen to your telephone calls. I understand under the 215 program you don't listen to the phone calls. But is that statement correct? I would assume that if an nsa analyst is tracking someone in cuba or overseas, you're going to listen to the phone call, correct? You're asking a different set of questions. Let me put first of all, the prime directive on the table. The law makes it clear. In order for the nsa to target the content of a u.S. Person's communications anywhere in the world, nsa requiring probable cause and a court order, a specific court order. If we're targeting outside the united states a terrorist, and happen ", "press to defend the secret  nsa  programs. If you're a u.S. Person, then  nsa  is not listening to your been p prevented if the  nsa  had the secret surveillance alexander revealed that  edward snowden  was able to get his hands ", 'revealed congress that more than 50 terror plots were stopped by the nsa secret program, phone reco e-mails and internet traffic. In a success story forcefully delivered as memories of 9/11 filled the hearing room. ', "subways. All part of the full scale press to defend the secret nsa programs. If you're a u.S. Person, then nsa is not listening to your phone calls and it's not targeting your emails unless it's getting an individualized court order. Reporter: Civil liberties groups said the government was exaggerating the importance and the safeguards of its secret surveillance programs. The question was not whether the properties were disrupted but whether we need to engage in dragnet surveillance. Reporter: There was suggests that the september 11 attacks could have been p prevented if the nsa had the secret surveillance programs then that it was forced to defend now. I would much rather be here today debating this point than trying to explain how we failed to prevent another 9/11. Reporter: Keith alexander revealed that edward snowden was able to get his hands on so many top secret documents because he was trained as an analyst and was given ", "We're going to get the latest on  edward snowden , under pressure from the u.S. He may finally be ready to made public, another part of the interview with the one-time  nsa  employee, who accurately predicted how the revelations of the ", "newspaper has made public, another part of the interview with the one-time nsa employee, who accurately predicted how the revelations of the surveillance programs would be received by the united states. They're going to say ", "Jon is here to talk, now, about the  nsa  leaker,  edward snowden . He may be days away from a decision getting asylum in russia, that's made dicey diplomacy for presidents obama and putin ", "Jon is here to talk, now, about the nsa leaker, edward snowden . He may be days away from a decision getting asylum in russia, that's made dicey diplomacy for presidents obama and putin. One ", "We're going to get to dramatic developments this hour. The american spy fugitive,  edward snowden , emerging for the first time in weeks. Let's get to abc's chief investigative correspondent, brian ross, tracking this ", "going to get to dramatic developments this hour. The american spy fugitive, edward snowden , emerging for the first time in weeks. Let's get to abc's chief investigative correspondent, brian ross, tracking this story from the start. ", "track the movements of  edward snowden , the man who revealed everyone working at the  nsa , the entire intelligence alexander, head of the  nsa , told george stephanopoulos that's clear. That  edward snowden  arrived today and that ", 'I had access to the full rosters of everyone working at the nsa , the entire intelligence community and undercover assets all around the world. Reporter: In an abc news exclusive, general keith alexander, head of the nsa , told george stephanopoulos on "this week" there was nothing honorable about snowden. It\'s clearly an individual who has betrayed the trust and ', 'Now to the fire storm over whistleblower  edward snowden  who revealed the sweeping surveillance in the u.S. Tonight snowden leaking new secrets, the former  nsa  analyst talking to a major asian newspaper a day after ', 'Now to the fire storm over whistleblower edward snowden who revealed the sweeping surveillance in the u.S. Tonight snowden leaking new secrets, the former nsa analyst talking to a major asian newspaper a day after he spent his 30th birthday learning what crimes the u.S. Government is ', "forecast. Thank you, sam. Now, to the latest on  nsa  leaker  edward snowden , breaking his silence and lashing out at president obama. He's in limbo in a transit area at the moscow airport. And threatening ", "forecast. Thank you, sam. Now, to the latest on nsa leaker edward snowden , breaking his silence and lashing out at president obama. He's in limbo in a transit area at the moscow airport. And threatening ", "latest on the hunt for the national security leaker,  edward snowden . He's on the ground. The u.S. Is on the hunt national intelligence, james clapper, in march. Does the  nsa  collect any type of data at all on millions or hundreds ", 'with the director of national intelligence, james clapper, in march. Does the nsa collect any type of data at all on millions or hundreds of millions of americans? No, sir. It does not. Not wittingly. ', "high-stakes chase under way for the fugitive  edward snowden  who leaked so many of the nation's top secrets. Where is he hiding tonight? Abc's chief investigative correspondent brian ", "high-stakes chase under way for the fugitive edward snowden who leaked so many of the nation's top secrets. Where is he hiding tonight? Abc's chief investigative correspondent brian ross has the ", "previous summit meetings. Even intercepting communications of the russian president. It's the latest revelation from  edward snowden  and abc's chief white house correspondent jon karl has the latest from ireland. Good morning, jon. Reporter ", "Even intercepting communications of the russian president. It's the latest revelation from edward snowden and abc's chief white house correspondent jon karl has the latest from ireland. Good morning, jon. Reporter: Good morning, george. Yeah, that's ", 'hong kong, where it is believed tonight the whistleblower is still hiding out. Reporter: It has been a week since  edward snowden  was last seen here in hong kong. Nowhere on the streets of one of the most densely populated places in the world ', 'whistleblower is still hiding out. Reporter: It has been a week since edward snowden was last seen here in hong kong. Nowhere on the streets of one of the most densely populated places in the world. ', "new clues about what might have motivated the 29-year-old american to reveal so much. ter: HERE IN HONG KONG,  Edward snowden  is still in hiding, and while he has not yet been charged with any crime, many here believe he's done noong. Arrest ", "the 29-year-old american to reveal so much. ter: HERE IN HONG KONG, Edward snowden is still in hiding, and while he has not yet been charged with any crime, many here believe he's done noong. Arrest "]