['Yanahit Padilla is one of five women suing the NYPD for not providing Spanish translation.', "Well that's what everyone does except the members of the  New York police department . Bomb unit they are unique band whose job is literally super reporter Richard and producer Ted They go inside the  NYPD 's exclusive bomb unit and we have richest as you know ", "possible right. Well that's what everyone does except the members of the New York police department . Bomb unit they are unique band whose job is literally to go face to face with explosives and they know that if they don't defuse that bomb. It could mean lives certainly their own. In bomb squad a new book by ABC news super reporter Richard -- -- and producer Ted -- -- They go inside the NYPD's exclusive bomb unit and we have richest as you know here to talk to us about it. This kind of access you ", "we've been watching the Coast Guard and  NYPD  scuba team you can see right behind me no coming out without Tom watched as the  NYPD  scuba teams searched the dark murky waters rescue her but neither resurfaced. The  NYPD  Coast Guard and FDNY spent hours trying ", "be -- up all morning we've been watching the Coast Guard and NYPD scuba team you can see right behind me harbor patrol they have been scouring. What is called the Coney Island creek for ", 'There was no -- coming out without -- Tom watched as the NYPD scuba teams searched the dark murky waters. Harbor patrol made several passes around the inlet searching for the victims 44 year old ', 'went underwater. Tom jumped in to rescue her but neither resurfaced. The NYPD Coast Guard and FDNY spent hours trying to find it here Monday night but called off the search around midnight. News of ', 'Hidden tracking devices can help you recover your car if it is stolen. Reporter: Another tip, this one from the head of the  nypd . He said never val lay park. Thieves target those boxes where people store keys. Do not leave your key in the car. It sounds ', 'is stolen. Reporter: Another tip, this one from the head of the nypd . He said never val lay park. Thieves target those boxes where people store keys. Do not leave your key in the car. ', 'New York Police Department  releases video of alleged victim outside hotel in Chelsea neighborhood.', 'New York Police Department  is providing coverage at theaters playing "The Dark Knight Rises."', 'New York Police Department  is providing coverage at theaters playing "The Dark Knight Rises."', 'but this scene is just pretend. It is an  NYPD  training drill to reinforce a proper way this much probable cause. They say the  NYPD  stops and frisks way too many innocent board Ray Kelly as the man in charge of the  NYPD . We have. A system to address that now ', "-- -- convenience but this scene is just pretend. It is an NYPD training drill to reinforce a proper way to do what is known as -- 250. That controversial tactic designed to stop crime before it happens. Controversial. Because critics say to fifties rarely happen with this much courtesy and this much probable cause. They say the NYPD stops and frisks way too many innocent men of color for no good reason. Who's holding these talented puck is going up ", "complaint review board Ray Kelly as the man in charge of the NYPD . We have. A system to address that now I'm not talking specific about this. Case because I don't know about it but ", 'the first prevent jurors in a fiery speech this week Bloomberg chastised NYPD critics they seem to believe the department should be run according to the stand as a political correctness not public safety cops ', 'got hit hard also. Reporter: To get a better idea of what new yorkers are going through, we followed the  new york police department  on a search and recovery mission. This was the scene tuesday, when the aviation team had to be lowered ', 'better idea of what new yorkers are going through, we followed the new york police department on a search and recovery mission. This was the scene tuesday, when the aviation team had to be lowered into the flood ', 'behavior. We talked a lot about the role that social media played in organizing those London wives now. The  New York police department  is of its own cyber unit to track FaceBook Twitter MySpace Elizabeth. To make sure that they can stop this ', 'role that social media played in organizing those London wives now. The New York police department is -- of its own cyber unit to track FaceBook Twitter MySpace Elizabeth. To make sure that they can stop this kind ', "department has ever had to manage. As the days went on was not located. We brought in two bloodhounds one from  New York police department . One from the Jefferson county sheriff's department. You all will recall yogi yogi troubled fourteen ", "on -- was not located. We brought in two bloodhounds one from New York police department . One from the Jefferson county sheriff's department. You all will recall yogi yogi troubled fourteen miles after deer creek canyon. And that ", "bullet wound to the head last month. Doing great now also on the podium with him commissioner Ray Kelly. The  New York police department . Now there it is February 29 to leap day everybody I'm Loeffler in New York a big day the Dow opening ", "now also -- on the podium with him commissioner Ray Kelly. The New York police department . Now there it is -- February 29 to leap day everybody I'm -- Loeffler in New York a big day the Dow ", 'was a horrible For the  New York police department  and for hours sitting officers 4500 others serving  NYPD  of serving here. At this observe and report. To the  NYPD  armed officers when They are not given  NYPD  guns or vests although ', 'who are and what our -- police officers -- 4500 others serving NYPD -- of -- serving here. At this sixth precinct their job is to observe and report. To the NYPD armed officers when -- -- -- -- They are not given NYPD -- guns or vests although one did have a best -- it was his own. But they are issued batons and radios and again their jobs report crimes they -- they Wear uniforms that look virtually identical to NYPD standard issue uniforms. Which would that make anyone sees them sooner -- -- the -- officers accountable. Now the first of the ', 'the people of our city. The Carolyn Marshall are -- first two NYPD auxiliary officers killed in the line of duty since 1990s -- ', "different than they were back then well it's amazing because  NYPD  has a great job of keeping the oven safe and friendly enormous work. I think you know what I have comes in with a  New York police department  they do an amazing job keeping us safe and all about the ", "is much different than they were back then well it's amazing because NYPD has a great job of keeping the oven safe and friendly. And now I mean I went back in the seventies when ", "possibly with a forklift, and grabbed 12 bundles of cash, each worth $100,000, for a total of $1.2 million. Former  nypd  investigator nick casale, says the problem is not the loot. It's a breach that somebody could have put a bomb into the aircraft ", "of cash, each worth $100,000, for a total of $1.2 million. Former nypd investigator nick casale, says the problem is not the loot. It's a breach that somebody could have put a bomb into the ", "mill, that's enough for me. The small, unsophisticated thief is more than satisfied with that money. Reporter: Former  nypd  detective nick casale says that criminals involved in these high-profile heists. From the scene of a heist at jfk -- Reporter ", 'small, unsophisticated thief is more than satisfied with that money. Reporter: Former nypd detective nick casale says that criminals involved in these high-profile heists. From the scene of a heist at jfk -- Reporter: Usually ', "NYPD  says the Brooklyn boy picked up one of the suspect's guns and started firing.", "Times Square bombing case has been a huge success for law enforcement. Thursday President Obama came to  New York police department 's command center to thank officers. Saved all. Not only did law enforcement respond quickly that of the ", "been a huge success for law enforcement. Thursday President Obama came to New York police department's command center to thank officers. Saved all. Not only did law enforcement respond quickly that -- of the attempted bombing. But since ", "cell phone he'd left in a hurry but called the hotel. Asking for the phone to be brought to him JFK. The  New York police department  gave that information to Port Authority police at JFK airport and just as doors were closing for They boarded ", 'Asking for the phone to be brought to him -- JFK. The New York police department gave that information to Port Authority police at JFK airport and just as doors were closing for -- They boarded the plane ', 'ring much but on that He did Wear an ever since she has prayed it would come back to her sending photos to  New York police department . So many families singular item is lasting connection. Care diplomat told today if her mother Judy we broke ', 'has prayed it would come back to her sending photos to -- New York police department . So many families singular item is -- lasting connection. Care diplomat told -- today if her mother Judy we broke and her ']