["Bengals release backup QB J.T. O'Sullivan, claim QB Dan LeFevour  off waivers from Chicago", 'Ohio is the 6-5 betting choice to grab the East Division of the Mid-American Conference for a second straight season, while Western Michigan is the 9-5 favorite to m...', "Case Keenum put on a historic performance 34 victory over the Rice Owls.During last weekend's 63-28 rout of Marshall, Keenum set a pair of NCAA Football Bowl Subdivi...", 'University of Houston quarterback Case Keenum set another NCAA Football Bowl Subdivision record on Thursday night against Rice.Keenum surpassed former Texas Tech qua...', 'The Rice Owls will try and keep their bowl hopes alive this weekend when they meet the No.18 Houston Cougars , who are looking to match their best start in school hi...', 'Andy Dalton. Blaine Gabbert. Christian Ponder. The Bengals have watched each of the quarterbacks throw in private workouts the last few weeks, imagining how each mig...', '2011 SEASON IN REVIEW: The Chippewas used 2011 as a rebuilding year as 17 first-time starters gained valuable experience while the team finished 3-9. Central Michiga...', 'Is Colt the real McCoy? Can Dez dazzle? And has Mount Cody reached his peak weight?These are just some of the questions that will get answered at the NFL Scouting Co...', 'Arizona: Some thought the Cardinals would pursue a quarterback in this draft, but they passed on some big names and ended up taking strong-armed John Skeleton of For...', "We're taking a look inside the performances of the quarterbacks who participated in the NFL Combine.NOTES: Heights and weights are the official measurements taken at...", 'First Round1. ST. LOUIS RAMSSam Bradford, QB, OklahomaA lot can change between now and April 22, and a big part of me still thinks the Rams will work to acquire a ve...', 'First Round1. ST. LOUIS RAMSSam Bradford, QB, OklahomaComing off of what longtime league personnel man Gil Brandt described as the best quarterback Pro Day workout s...', 'The Jacksonville Jaguars have placed year quarterback Dan LeFevour .Cox had 22 tackles in six games for the Jaguars this season.The third-year pro out of William & M...', 'Tipton earns place in Central Michigan  record books in 42-21 routing of UMass in finale', "Zurlon Tipton etched his name into the Central Michigan record books as the Chippewas routed Massachusetts 42-21 Friday in each team's Mid-American Conference finale...", 'Ryan Radcliff passed for 284 yards and two touchdowns and Zurlon Tipton surpassed 1,000 yards rushing for the season as Central Michigan defeated Eastern Michigan 34...', 'The idea of a disappointing team is all relative. Ole Miss and Oklahoma State were disappointments last year, right? After all, they were supposed to be in the natio...']