["Mississippi St. quarterback Chris Relf ready for big role in Dan Mullen's  spread offense", 'A pair of Magnolia State rivals square off in the regular season finale in Oxford on Saturday night, as the Ole Miss Rebels play host to the 25th-ranked Mississippi ...', "Mississippi State coach Dan Mullen put the ball and the game in Chris Relf's hands, and the quarterback nearly came through.Auburn backup safety Ryan Smith stopped R...", "There was no big celebration when Mississippi State entered the national rankings on Sunday.It's another indication of how much things have changed for the Bulldogs ...", 'No. 17 Mississippi State tries to shake off 1st loss, prepares for No. 16 Texas A&M', "Mississippi State's showdown with top-ranked Alabama didn't go so well for the Bulldogs.Now coach Dan Mullen is trying to make sure a bad day against the Crimson Tid...", 'Halfway through the season, No. 15 Mississippi State is in the center of SEC race', "Midway through the college football season, No. 15 Mississippi State is doing something it hasn't done in more than a decade: contending for the Southeastern Confere...", 'After tough 2 weeks, No. 22 Miss. St. wants to learn from losses, get ready for No. 9 LSU', "It's been a sobering two weeks for Mississippi State's football team.Consecutive lopsided losses to Alabama and Texas A&M have erased most of the momentum from an im...", 'Ho hum, just another big game for No. 1 Alabama; not so for No. 13 Mississippi State', 'Big games are practically a weekly affair for Nick Saban and Alabama, who have seemingly mastered the accompanying spotlight and pressure.No. 13 Mississippi State is...', "Mississippi State's LaDarius Perkins quietly putting up big numbers, leads SEC in rushing", 'First there was Anthony Dixon. Then there was Vick Ballard.While both are now in the NFL, the string of great Mississippi State running backs continues.The latest is...', 'A key SEC West matchup is on tap in Tuscaloosa this weekend, as the top-ranked and undefeated Alabama Crimson Tide play host to the 13th-ranked and equally unblemish...', 'No. 25 Mississippi State, Mississippi showdown in Egg Bowl has extra spice this season', "There's much at stake in this year's Egg Bowl.No. 25 Mississippi State (8-3, 4-3 Southeastern Conference) is trying to win four in a row in the rivalry for the first...", 'No. 20 Mississippi State prepares to face struggling Kentucky team playing 2 freshman QBs', 'No. 17 Mississippi State has no answer for Manziel, No. 16 Texas A&M in 38-13 loss', "Mississippi State's vaunted defense isn't looking so good these days.Texas A&M's Johnny Manziel has a way of doing that to opposing teams.The redshirt freshman picke...", 'Mississippi State coach Dan Mullen has agreed to a new contract that will pay him an average of $2.65 million over the next four years.The $10.6 million deal has a $...', 'Johnthan Banks always appreciated that Mississippi State coach Dan Mullen offered an opportunity to a scrawny, 150-pound kid from a small town and a hard-to-find sch...', "Mississippi State quarterback Chris Relf wasn't perfect.There were a few bad passes. He fumbled once, and was lucky to recover it.But during the most important momen...", "Mississippi State's invincibility in the Egg Bowl under coach Dan Mullen finally died in year four.Mississippi used a huge second half to beat the No. 25 Bulldogs 41...", "Mississippi State coach Dan Mullen said his team enjoyed a week away from football and got some much needed rest.The Bulldogs weren't too tired, though. Most of Sept...", 'Tyler Russell threw for 269 yards and two touchdowns, leading No. 20 Mississippi State past Kentucky, 27-14, and helping the Bulldogs to their best start since 1999....', 'Mississippi State ran early, ran late and ended up running out of the Swamp with a signature win for second-year coach Dan Mullen.Vick Ballard ran for 98 yards, Chri...']