["Now, to  edward snowden , the whistle-blower who says he leaked the explosive top-secret documents about the american government's massive surveillance ", "Now, to edward snowden , the whistle-blower who says he leaked the explosive top-secret documents about the american government's massive surveillance program. He is in hiding in ", "house speaker john boehner. Boehner is pressing hard on the irs scandal. He began our interview with tough words for  edward snowden . He's a traitor. The president outlined last week that these were important national security programs to help ", "on the irs scandal. He began our interview with tough words for edward snowden . He's a traitor. The president outlined last week that these were important national security programs to help keep americans safe and give ", "president obama. He spoke out as we saw not only about  edward snowden 's revelations but also syria and so much more in an closer to home, president obama defended newly revealed  nsa  programs including those gathering data on americans ", "from president obama. He spoke out as we saw not only about edward snowden's revelations but also syria and so much more in an interview released overnight. Our chief white house correspondent jon karl is traveling ", "And now, to the latest on the international standoff over  nsa  leader  edward snowden . He's still in moscow at this hour. President putin defying the u.S., Saying the russians will not turn him over. Also ", "And now, to the latest on the international standoff over nsa leader edward snowden . He's still in moscow at this hour. President putin defying the u.S., Saying the russians will not turn him over. Also telling ", 'how much damage has been done by this I can tell you that the death. to the of the director of the national intelligence has said that they will be doing the damage assessment. The the national counterintelligence executive rather is conducting a formal damage assessment. And for details on that', 'program revealed. Man who revealed those secr secrets,  edward snowden , still in a moscow airport tonight. Will he escape hiding and apparently still spilling secrets. Today,  edward snowden  leaked a document, that according to a german magazine ', "of that sweeping surveillance program revealed. Man who revealed those secr secrets, edward snowden , still in a moscow airport tonight. Will he escape afterall? Abc's nick schifrin, reporting in from london. Reporter: Deep inside moscow's airport, the world's most wanted man is still hiding and apparently still spilling secrets. Today, edward snowden leaked a document, that according to a german magazine, claims the u.S. Bugged its european allies in washington, d.C. And infiltrated their ", "there all night long of the any sign at any time of  edward snowden ? Reporter: No, the big mystery, nobody has seen did not show up at the gate. Again, big mystery of  edward snowden . Can't find him anywhere. He cannot leave the airport ", 'there all night long of the any sign at any time of edward snowden ? Reporter: No, the big mystery, nobody has seen snowden at least not even once since he landed yesterday. His plane was met ', "then did not show up at the gate. Again, big mystery of edward snowden . Can't find him anywhere. He cannot leave the airport as far as we know. Reporter: That's right. He can't leave the airport ", "providing to  edward snowden . Reporter of them all,  edward snowden , the former us about where  edward snowden  is right now he deserves.  Edward snowden 's father has drake who was an  nsa  whistleblower ", "and hopefully another country will give him the justice that he deserves. Edward snowden's father has spoken out, he fears that you and wikileaks are manipulating his son. He said wikileaks focus is not necessarily the ", 'Reporter: Roizen says the suspect believed to be american says he knows state seeks just like  edward snowden , the whistle-blower who leaked  nsa  secrets. There was no time to understand or think, you know, we needed to restrain him. Reporter ', 'suspect believed to be american says he knows state seeks just like edward snowden , the whistle-blower who leaked nsa secrets. There was no time to understand or think, you know, we needed to restrain him. Reporter: Passengers have reason to be ', "chase under way for the fugitive  edward snowden . Reporter: An american charged with snowden on the twitterverse.  Edward snowden  and rusty, the red panda, relaxing a han vanna beach. If only the  nsa  had been monitoring rusty's e-mails ", "obama. This relative of a raccoon, entwined with snowden on the twitterverse. Edward snowden and rusty, the red panda, relaxing on a han vanna beach. If only the nsa had been monitoring rusty's e-mails. Under like snowden who is bouncing from country-to-country, rusty bolted for a washington neighborhood known for weekend ", 'The White House is closely monitoring the international locations of  Edward Snowden .', 'One by now most people know that this man  Edward Snowden  came forward over the weekend as the whistle blower who leaked information to the press top secret government surveillance program ', 'One -- by now most people know that this man Edward Snowden came forward over the weekend as the whistle blower who leaked information to the press -- -- top secret government surveillance program. ', 'Here to talk about it larry hackett, managing editor of "people" magazine. Boy,  edward snowden , the top of every trend all through the weekend and now no one has any idea where he is. Headed to ecuador. Didn\'t get on ', 'to talk about it larry hackett, managing editor of "people" magazine. Boy, edward snowden , the top of every trend all through the weekend and now no one has any idea where he is. Headed to ecuador. ', 'totally disagree with rick perry. This gives her more credibility. To me, the thing broadly, and i think it ties in  edward snowden , bradley manning, individuals standing up strongly and enunciating their truth can change and bring a spotlight on ', 'credibility. To me, the thing broadly, and i think it ties in edward snowden , bradley manning, individuals standing up strongly and enunciating their truth can change and bring a spotlight on things important in america. Davis ']