['No. 22 Mississippi State prepares for improved LSU QB Mettenberger, ninth-ranked Tigers', 'Stopping No. 9 LSU becomes much more complicated now that the Tigers have shown they can throw the football.Mississippi State (7-2, 3-2 Southeastern Conference) hope...', "Mississippi State might have a really good football team.The five straight games the Bulldogs have won to start the season would certainly indicate that's the case.B...", 'Quarterback Tyler Russell knows what will decide the upcoming Southeastern Conference showdown between his No. 13 Mississippi State Bulldogs and the No. 1 Alabama Cr...', 'Tyler Russell threw for three touchdowns as No. 15 Mississippi State hammered Middle Tennessee, 45-3, on Saturday.Russell completed 17-of-21 passes for 191 yards for...', 'Zach Mettenberger threw a pair of touchdown passes, and ninth-ranked LSU earned a 37-17 win over No. 22 Mississippi State.The Tigers bounced back from a 21-17 home l...', "Pat Fitzgerald never won a bowl game at Northwestern as a player, but now he's helped end the Wildcats' long postseason drought as a coach.An elongated 64-year stret...", 'Alabama brushed aside a top SEC West challenger and roared on to an even tougher one.AJ McCarron passed for 208 yards and two touchdowns, and the top-ranked Crimson ...', 'AJ McCarron threw for a pair of touchdowns to lead No. 1 Alabama past 13th-ranked Mississippi State, 38-7, in a key SEC battle at Bryant-Denny Stadium.McCarron compl...', 'The 22nd-ranked Mississippi State Bulldogs and the ninth-ranked LSU Tigers attempt to rebound from tough losses last week as the two meet in an SEC showdown on Satur...', 'Ole Miss scored 24 straight points in the second half to beat No. 25 Mississippi State, 41-24, on Saturday in the Egg Bowl.Bo Wallace was 15-for-22 passing for 294 y...', 'LaDarius Perkins scored what proved to be the game-winning touchdown in the fourth quarter as No. 19 Mississippi State out-gunned Tennessee, 41-31, in SEC action.Tyl...', 'The Mississippi State Bulldogs and Wake annual Music City Bowl at LP Field in Nashville, Tennessee.Mississippi State went 6-6 during the regular season under third-y...', 'In what promises to be an outstanding SEC ranked Mississippi State Bulldogs invade Auburn to take on the defending national champion Tigers on Saturday.Mississippi S...', 'The sixth-ranked Arkansas Razorbacks have quietly put together a tremendous season, and they will do battle with the Mississippi State Bulldogs this Saturday in Litt...', 'The third-ranked LSU Tigers have been ranked Mississippi State Bulldogs .LSU opened the season with a tremendous performance against a talented Oregon squad, besting...', "Ryan Smith went low and came up big for Auburn.The backup safety stopped Chris Relf at the goal line with a leg tackle on the final play to preserve the Tigers' 41-3...", 'No. 24 Penn State will close its tumultuous season on Jan. 2 in the Ticket City Bowl against No. 20 Houston.The Nittany Lions (9-3, 6-2) tied Wisconsin for first in ...', 'The third-ranked team in the FBS, the ranked team in the FCS, the Georgia Southern Eagles, this weekend in Tuscaloosa.Georgia Southern was honored with a vote in the...', "Defending champion Auburn's nation-best winning streak is still alive. By an inch or two.Mississippi State quarterback Chris Relf was driven up into the air, landed ...", "LSU's defense had all the answers for its ranked Tigers downed the 25th-ranked 6.The hard-hitting conference clash was close through three quarters, but LSU opened u..."]