["to the streets in  Cairo  in dueling protests covering the crisis in  Egypt  Alex. it's a tale of two cities here in  Cairo  tonight as we wait was ousted by the  Egyptian  military a spokesman hundreds of thousands of  egyptians  celebrated his removal announced it dissolved  Egypt 's constitution ", "Good evening and thanks for joining us tonight a dramatic showdown between Egypt's military and the ousted president. Once again millions of citizens of taken to the streets in Cairo in dueling protests. But is this -- people -- or one strong armed by the military. Tonight President Obama met with his national security team as a key American ally stands on the brink of civil war. ABC's -- Smart port is covering the crisis in Egypt Alex. -- it's a tale of two cities here in Cairo tonight as we wait to see who makes the next move. President Morrissey was ousted by the Egyptian military a spokesman now tells us he's been arrested. That as hundreds of thousands of egyptians celebrated his removal from power. Fireworks and jubilation erupted in -- we -- square tonight at the military announced it dissolved Egypt's constitution. And deposed president -- more seat after just one year in office what is -- In a speech to the nation the head of the military said they were responding to the calls of the people military also blamed more seat for failing to unite egyptians . President -- -- struck back. Calling the military's moves unacceptable. And arguing that he was legitimately elected. In a -- his office said. Measures announced by the armed forces leadership. Represented a full -- Categorically rejected by all the free men of our nation when -- got there Saturday -- a video posted on -- the ominously warned whoever planned this wants to spill the blood of the Egyptian people. It was just two and a half years ago that many of these same egyptians were fighting to oust another president since then Egypt . The -- so deeply polarized. Over worries that -- civil war could spare the country apart. -- Morrissey made a lot of mistakes and I think a lot of the decisions that he made over his first year in office did give people real reason to question. His intentions with respect to democracy. And the brought hundreds ability to play a democratic game. United States is watching events in Cairo closely Egypt is one of the US's closest allies in the Middle East. One of the largest recipient of American dollars in foreign aid. Just four days ago on the first anniversary of president more -- election demonstrators gathered across the country. Hull for more -- to step down and for new elections to be held according to the military these demonstrations turned into the largest protests in Egyptian history. Millions demonstrating across the country. Well I think the methods -- -- than -- -- Mohamed -- the night. You know ", "the region's arabs live in  egypt . The fear is that if millions million barrels passing through  egypt 's suez canal every day now, but the question is can  egypt  go that long without slipping Alex marquardt. Abc news,  cairo .", "more than 50 were killed and hundreds wounded, almost all supporters of egypt's ousted president mohammed morsi, shot by the army. Both sides blame the other for starting it. 29-year-old mahmoud foud, shot in the leg tells ust the army opened fire as he and others prayed at dawn. It's a dangerous turn, and america knows it. A quarter of the region's arabs live in egypt . The fear is that if millions here give up on democracy, they could turn to extremism, even terror. Where is my vote? Where is his vote? Reporter: Then there's the oil. Those 2 million barrels passing through egypt's suez canal every day. Already the price of oil has jumped 7% in the past week. That could soon be felt at the pump. As the death toll rose today, morsi's group, the muslim brotherhood, told its members to rise up against the army. Tonight new presidential elections were announced six months from now, but the question is can egypt go that long without slipping into chaos. Alex marquardt. Abc news, cairo . ", 'also send a message to moderates in  Egypt  figure once again kind of backing studied neutrality. The impression  egyptians  get is that war always double dealing for the other side so every faction  Egypt  assumes were working against thumb ', "cut off aid. But you also send a message to moderates in Egypt figure once again kind of backing the Muslim Brotherhood and the administration's taken a lot of heat over there. I absolutely think you're right that criticism I have the administration is all too often it seems the President Obama. It's like a black -- player that only -- to places bets once he sees all the other cards on the table. And rather than studied neutrality. The impression egyptians get is that war always double dealing for the other side so every faction -- Egypt assumes were working against thumb. And that ultimately creates an undercurrent of anti Americanism. ", 'frightening scenes of of  Egypt  tonight. Supporters there coverage of the crisis in  Egypt  as we ask could this now quarters live for us in  Cairo  again tonight Alex good In one city far from  Cairo  the army opened fire as supporters turned out across  Egypt  today. We elected him ', "arresting image today. This one playing out overseas frightening scenes of of Egypt tonight. Supporters there of the ousted president -- more seat facing off against the military. He's been turned chaotic soldiers firing shots directly into the crowded presidential supporters. -- as the day wore on all over the city as you can see fires breaking out. Tonight our coverage of the crisis in Egypt as we ask could this now lead to all out civil war. ABC's Alex more quarters live for us in Cairo again tonight Alex good evening. Good evening David -- -- -- here and he -- that erupted tonight. That anger against the military for ousting the country's first democratically apart. Democratically elected president turned deadly and many here are -- they could just be the beginning of -- bloody wave of violence. Battles in the streets of Cairo tonight supporters and opponents of the deposed president exchanging gunfire rocks and Molotov cocktails. The army eventually arrived but here and in clashes elsewhere at least thirty people were reported killed dozens more wounded. In one city far from Cairo the army opened fire as supporters of Mohammed more -- -- Sending them running for their lives it was a Dave foresees ", "explosive situation in  egypt . The president there is on the scene in  cairo . Good morning to a historic day in  egypt . The military's in clashes around  cairo  university. Hundreds tour group of young  egyptians , calling themselves to fully control  egypt . In a defiant speech ", "We're going to turn to the explosive situation in egypt . The president there, mohamed morsi, going on television last night, defying the military's ultimatum for him to step down. It's now just hours away from that deadline. And the streets of our key u.S. Ally, now, once again on the brink of chaos. Alex marquardt is on the scene in cairo . Good morning to you, alex. Reporter: Good morning, josh. This could be a historic day in egypt . The military's ultimatum expires at 5:00 p.M. Local time. President morsi says he's not going anywhere and is willing to die for the presidency. This violence could just be the tip of the iceberg. Overnight, at least 16 people died in clashes around cairo university. Hundreds more were wounded. Earlier in the day, there were more death, as supporters and opponents of the president take up arms for their side. Last night, during a protest, we met norhan, a tour group of young egyptians , calling themselves rebellions, who started the protests. The muslim brotherhood wants to control all parts of the state, she told us. They want to fully control egypt . In a defiant speech, president morsi rejected the military's ultimatum, saying he was elected in free andair elections. If the cost of ", 'growing chaos in  egypt . President obama on the crisis in  egypt . Reporter: Good done. At least 35  egyptians  were killed yesterday violence like fellow  egyptian  the head of al qaeda and squares across  egypt . They say they want ', 'is that disenchanted islamists will radicalize and turn to violence like fellow egyptian the head of al qaeda. "I\'m not calling for this," a top muslim brotherhood official told us, "but violence would be an obvious response." Opponents of morsi\'s are calling for mass rallies tomorrow in streets and squares across egypt . They say they want to finalize what they\'re calling this week\'s great victory, raising the tension in an already deeply polarized egypt . ', "Burkhardt the latest from  Cairo  Alex. Good morning the bloodshed com is deeply divided  Egypt . An  Egyptian  fighting.  Egyptian  a bridge in downtown  Cairo  became the front in this Opponents and supporters of  Egypt 's ousted president firing ", "is a lot going on. Let's get that breaking news overnight in Egypt where the violence has escalated after the military ousted that country's first democratically elected president -- more -- His backers have been -- deadly clashes -- opponents. BC's Alex Burkhardt -- the latest from Cairo Alex. Good morning -- the worst violence we've seen yet between the supporters. And opponents of ousted president -- -- it happened just a short distance from where we are. Here and talk -- square and many here it's a sign of much more bloodshed -- com is deeply divided Egypt . An Egyptian fighting. Egyptian a bridge in downtown Cairo became the front in this deadly battle on Friday night. Opponents and supporters of Egypt's ousted president firing guns and fireworks. Throwing rocks and Molotov cocktails. After several hours of violence the army finally stepped in and disperse the crowds. Violence -- well beyond capitol as well. Here the army opened fire on supporters of deposed president promised more -- as they break. Across Egypt at least thirty people were killed and 200 wounded. The target of the furious Egypt's military speech on Wednesday removed the country's first democratically elected president. Placed him under arrest. Protests supporting more -- drew tens of thousands of these Islamist supporters into the streets after Friday prayers. Let Matt Lawton an 88882. Bedroom -- independent and that -- -- went. Atlanta -- speaker Don say they're calling for an uprising and telling supporters I'm more. Streets and squares across Egypt until -- is back in power. There was a tense standoff with the military compound where more -- supporters. Held then. Soldiers ", 'potential civil war in  egypt  today. Seven people Alex marquardt is in  egypt  with the latest. Reporter: Good morning.  Cairo  is bracing for massive signatures, a quarter of all  egyptians , calling for early elections safety, many afraid that  egypt  is on the cusp of civil ', 'called rebellion claims to have 22 million signatures, a quarter of all egyptians , calling for early elections. They cay accused the united states of backing the muslim brotherhood while the u.S. Says they are siding ', "That's up 2 cents from yesterday. The political crisis in  egypt  is to blame. Much of the world's oil passes through the per gallon because of higher oil prices. And, amy, if  egypt  descends into civil war, we can expect to pay over $4 ", "a gallon. That's up 2 cents from yesterday. The political crisis in egypt is to blame. Much of the world's oil passes through the suez canal. And any upheaval could disrupt shipments. And gas stations will be passing on higher prices to drivers in the next two weeks. Some stations are paying as many as 20 cents more per gallon because of higher oil prices. And, amy, if egypt descends into civil war, we can expect to pay over $4 per gallon. All eyes on that region, indeed, for many reasons. ", "hitting the roads on vacation. That uses up more gas. But this summer is specifically different because of tensions in  egypt .  Egypt  controls a big portion of the world's crude oil. They've been having problems there and that has been putting us ", "more gas. But this summer is specifically different because of tensions in egypt . Egypt controls a big portion of the world's crude oil. They've been having problems there and that has been putting us on track ", 'growing large. We have more from  cairo . Reporter: Moments after the was elected a year ago, these  egyptians  say their country has gotten deal in society. Reporter:  Egypt  gets more than $1.5 billion compromise is found before then,  egypt  could collapse into a bloody ', 'take down the president. Since morsi was elected a year ago, these egyptians say their country has gotten worse. The economy is doing badly. I have much less purchasing power. My business is not doing well. Reporter: They accused the muslim brotherhood when morsi belongs to of imposing their values on their life. They were changing the way we dress, the way we talk and deal in society. Reporter: Egypt gets more than $1.5 billion a year from the u.S. And is a crucial regional ally particularly in this palestinian conflict. Tonight a cabl channel ran a clock counting down the seconds until the ultimatum expires. If no compromise is found before then, egypt could collapse into a bloody civil war. Now we head to russia where ', 'dictator of thirty years  Egypt  is again. On the break party and today the  Egyptian  army stepped in and Political calculus and  Egypt  what is though. As been stress that it was  egyptians  to await an  Egyptian  deal is want. Well ', "reports. More than two years after overthrowing its dictator of thirty years Egypt is again. On the break tahrir square you're looking at a live picture overflowing. With anti government protesters for now a second straight day the demonstrations. Targeting president -- more -- And his Muslim Brotherhood party and today the Egyptian army stepped in and delivered an ultimatum 48. Hours to resolve the crisis. -- the armed forces will step in and take back control of the country. We're joined now on the phone from inside tahrir square the scene that you -- looking at there ABC news Middle East correspondent. -- mark part -- thank you for being with us it is a complicated. Political calculus and Egypt what is though. As the army is calling it today the will of the people in the square. Well good afternoon the ", "what is changing it would have been -- stress that it was egyptians to await an Egyptian deal -- -- is -- want. Well but the brotherhood and a lot more or collection of it's diversity in the government. ", "certainly begs the point of what is the balance of power. In Egypt there between the civilian government and the Egyptian army what exactly is at stake for the army that would that would cause them to get involved in this way. It was just what is it but it's really pay for. Egypt didn't -- elections in -- look at this country has been absolutely mired in division -- is only out. A majority in ", "men kidnapped yesterday  Egypt 's lawless  Sinai Peninsula  will be released. Their driving north. There  Egyptian  driver who had been freed the American Embassy in  Cairo  was working closely.  Egyptian  authorities to secure ", "We've confirmed that the two American men kidnapped yesterday Egypt's lawless Sinai Peninsula will be released. Their names are Brandon Kurtz and Jonathan inches -- -- both around 31 years old. They were taken by armed bedouin tribesmen last night after they left their hotel in the Red Sea resort town of Dahab driving north. There Egyptian driver who had been freed earlier said that the tribesmen were demanding the release of a fellow -- and arrested on Tuesday. For having a large quantity of drugs lawlessness has risen sharply in the Sinai. There is an al-Qaeda presence though we don't believe that they are involved in this kidnapping. We spoke with Brandon -- his father before this news came out he said that they were praying and -- the embassy the American Embassy in Cairo was working closely. -- Egyptian authorities to secure their release. Alex Marquardt ABC news Jerusalem. ", 'Americans kidnapped in  Egypt  in the notoriously dangerous  Sinai Peninsula . Just getting new American embassy in  Cairo  tells us that the kidnapped in the lawless  Sinai Peninsula  a local official engineer and their  Egyptian  driver who was released ', "To begin without breaking news the two Americans kidnapped in Egypt in the notoriously dangerous Sinai Peninsula . Just getting new information about what happened let's get right to ABC's Alex mark court in the region right now good -- you Alex. Good morning -- American embassy in Cairo tells us that the two men were kidnapped in the lawless Sinai Peninsula a local official tells us that the men were driving north from the resort town of -- when they were taken by armed bedouin tribesmen. There are about thirty years old we believe one is an engineer and their Egyptian driver who was released. Says the -- is -- in other tribesmen to be released he's an arms trafficker now lawlessness has ", 'the investigation. Plus chaos in the streets. Is  egypt  on the edge of civil war? We talk to a top leader of the muslim brotherhood, a wanted man in  cairo , then the  egyptian  ambassador. On the road with president and mrs ', 'The latest details on the investigation. Plus chaos in the streets. Is egypt on the edge of civil war? We talk to a top leader of the muslim brotherhood, a wanted man in cairo , then the egyptian ambassador. On the road with president and mrs. Bush. The unscripted moments on their latest mission to africa, and the former president ', "Now we head overseas to  egypt  for so long a critical east and with the iconic  pyramids , a t destination for there. Reporter: In  cairo 's tahrir square the brotherhood wants to control  egypt  as well as that decimated economy. Look at  egypt 's famous  pyramids  filled ", "anger is driven by fear that the muslim brotherhood wants to control egypt as well as that decimated economy. Look at egypt's famous pyramids filled with american tourist before the revolution. Since then they've been practically empty. Egypt's time us nile river used to be packed with these boats called falucas. The last american this man had on his fa luke ka was a month ago. How much money did you make this week? Ten pounds. Less than $2. He told us he's going to join the masses on tahrir square. Alexmarquardt, abc news, cairo . ", "sentence. Forty happy hi promised us. In the he only gave us five and we were only able to reach for a dozen people but  Egypt  and did in fact say satisfied. With their big So how does Simon respond that other allegation and he's taking people's ", 'and we were only able to reach for a dozen people but Egypt and did in fact say -- satisfied. With their -- big -- So how does Simon respond -- that other allegation and ', "the next year to fill up your gas tank. What's behind all of this? You have turmoil in the middle east. The unrest in  egypt  is creating instability and raising prices. And back here in the united states, people are hitting the roads. They're ", "of this? You have turmoil in the middle east. The unrest in egypt is creating instability and raising prices. And back here in the united states, people are hitting the roads. They're going on vacation. ", "Up that is that isn't necessarily going to last waste oil prices have gone up because of concerns over stability in  Egypt  which is where the Suez Canal is a lot of oil travels through there. There's no evidence that there's any danger to ", "waste oil prices have gone up because of concerns over stability in Egypt which is where the Suez Canal is a lot of oil travels through there. There's no evidence that there's any danger to ", 'revolution yeah. This is opposed to violently some factions particularly. Perhaps the Muslim Brotherhood and that. Could leave  Egypt  down the road about civil violence which would be terrible we just lost. Nineteen some of the finest people who will be ', '-- some factions particularly. Perhaps the Muslim Brotherhood and that. Could leave Egypt down the road about civil violence which would be terrible we just lost. Nineteen some of the finest people who -- will ']