['reporting that and a senior  Egyptian  official. Has told me President Mubarak has left  Cairo  which would. Keep him He was gonna die. In  Egypt  and is not gonna leave  Egypt  and He just go to the told his just. Left  Cairo  again strong indications ', "Crowds in the biggest ones yet. In Cairo across Cairo this morning not only liberation square also the state television station. At the Presidential Palace Christiane Amanpour is back here again the crowds -- at the Presidential Palace. But we're getting signs this morning the president -- -- is not. We believe that He perhaps has left -- -- strong indications that he's left on Arab via the local station there is reporting that and a senior Egyptian official. Has told me. That there -- strong indications that President Mubarak has left Cairo which would. Keep him as the figurehead president that we were discussing -- speech last night. He noted to -- these reforms to really remove all possible presents from the center of the hundreds of policy question is. He said what in that in that speech now that's at ten days ago that He was gonna die. In Egypt and is not gonna leave Egypt and He just go to the south this summer as a Sharma sugar in the country He is not left the country according to what had been told his just. Left Cairo again strong indications that he's left Cairo . Strong indication that He left off to his speech last night in the nation. And that they believe the government believes that ", 'necessary also on the minds of investors today the turmoil in  Egypt  president ousted Wednesday by the military. Oil prices supporters are calling for large protests. On a Friday of range  Egyptian  military says the Suez Canal the pathway into the Atlantic ', 'necessary also -- on the minds of investors today the turmoil in Egypt president -- -- -- ousted Wednesday by the military. Oil prices then reacted spiking and that of course could have an effect at the -- and -- today. -- more -- supporters are calling for large protests. On a Friday of range Egyptian military says the Suez Canal the pathway into the Atlantic for a lot of oil. Will remain open in fact. Back here ', "Protestors stick to the streets of  Cairo  again this morning as police fired tear gas. Overnight Outrage over the film's spreading Wednesday that  Egypt  to US embassies in Tennessee I rock. In  Cairo  Greece that Muslims chanting death to America this ", "Protestors stick to the streets of Cairo again this morning as police fired tear gas. Overnight they broke through a barbed wire barrier -- burned tires near the US embassy. Tensions -- over at thirteen minute YouTube trailer for the film innocence of Muslims. Depicting the Prophet Mohammed as a womanizer and for rule. Outrage over the film's spreading Wednesday that Egypt to US embassies in Tennessee I -- -- rock. In Cairo Greece that Muslims chanting death to America this man says seeing the trailer made his blood boil. Just -- the movie -- ", 'live in comfortable nations are helping. Some these young  egyptians  understand to build political parties and understand a claim the current leaders campaigned on a platform and now the  Egyptian  people are trying to hold to account.', "that. People who live in comfortable nations are helping. Some these young egyptians understand -- to build political parties and understand -- a claim their rightful place. In the political process. They have been snuffed out. Of the political process and all of a sudden. They've been now given a chance. And I find it instructive that the current leaders campaigned on a platform and now the Egyptian people are trying to hold -- to account. ", "significantly. And go Alexandria.  Egypt  that is out with our own scenes and other parts of  Egypt  may look a little bit different what's gonna happen next in  Egypt  we've seen a lesson immediate to work so coincidental  egyptians  who feel. Not to deny ", "they were telling you couldn't get back to work so coincidental -- egyptians who feel. Not to deny Cooper the man and -- -- -- -- accompanied to court today about -- and Google and ", 'Egypt  one of the great mysteries world is how prehistoric  egyptians  built the  pyramids  with stones as as two tons only ones still standing.  Pyramids  at. For a thousand years outside scholars of ancient  Egypt  and treat it plausible theory ', "Egypt one of the great mysteries of the world is how prehistoric egyptians built the pyramids with stones as -- as two tons. ABC's David Wright has discovered one scientist who thinks he's solved the riddle. And among the seven wonders of the ancient world they're the only ones still standing. Pyramids at. For a thousand years the tallest buildings in the world -- -- prehistoric technology. An architectural -- -- elusive as the -- No one really knows how the pyramids were built the first historical record came from the Greek writer Harada of this writing 2000 years later. And in the absence ", 'say most of  Egypt  right now wants post. Career  Egypt . And that is also in  Cairo  as you know moving now from  Cairo  to the resort Sheikh on the  Sinai Peninsula  were ousted  Egyptian  President Hosni revolution in  Egypt  was sparked ', "end right away. Our thanks to Jim shooter -- moving now from Cairo to the resort town of Sharm el Sheikh on the Sinai Peninsula were ousted Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak has taken refuge move. -- made a fortune may -- billions of dollars while in office and now investigators are looking into how He got so rich or question for Alex Marquardt this morning is what happens next. To Hosni Mubarak Alex. Good morning Dan former President Mubarak is believed to be holed up at his seaside Villa in this legendary Red Sea resort. He hasn't been seen or heard from since Thursday when He told the Egyptian people He would not be stepping down. He has said He wants to dine on Egyptian soil and so far he's been allowed to stay. And though the Swiss have frozen his bank accounts US officials believe He still has between one and five billion dollars stashed in banks around the world. There are rumors that he's already in or on his way to -- United Arab Emirates to avoid prosecution. Meanwhile several top Egyptian officials have been barred from leaving the country -- beyond -- The revolution in Egypt was sparked by an uprising in Tunisia and so another big question this morning. Are there more dominoes in the region to ", "of protests in  Egypt  yet. An enormous crowd. downtown  Cairo . And we entered Kidding me art  Egypt  and it's yeah constitution. So many  egyptians  have stopped listen broke down and  Egyptian  television as the regime. But  Egypt  is much more than I'm visiting the  pyramids  virtually alone ", "overtime today and dispel any idea that He was easing pressure on Egyptian president Hosni when Mubarak releasing a statement that the US wants an orderly transition in Egypt that is quote prompted meaningful peaceful and legitimate. Meanwhile in Cairo the biggest show -- public protests so far hundreds of thousands of egyptians overflowed liberation square today. Terry -- and is there Terry. An astonishing thing to witness Cynthia it's alive it's new and it's it's beautiful. Somehow the protests here caught a second wind and the Egyptian revolution because that's what this kids. Is changing not just the politics -- this country or the politics of this region. It's changing the very lives in Baghdad these of the people who are participating it you might say. They're inventing a new way of being an Egyptian even the new way of being an Arab. And they know it yeah. This is a revolution a father and his son ", "Inside the older -- scrambling to write -- new constitution. So many egyptians have stopped listen -- whether they're listening to their only. Like wild won't -- the thirty year old Google executive who was a key online organizer of the protest. And was jailed for ten days by the government. After his release yesterday. When He broke down and Egyptian television as the host read the names of the -- from the square where all the -- Omar Arnold should move in. It was this moment many said it fueled and inspired the new wave of protest. We saw -- today. -- was in the square declaring we will not abandon our demand and that is the departure of the regime. But Egypt is much more than just -- square -- eighty million people and they need to work in. This is one of the real impacts the protests have had I'm visiting the pyramids virtually alone they're close normally there'd be. Thousands of people here pouring their money into the Egyptian economy and now all of that. Is at risk policeman on camelback patrolled the deserted grounds now and there are tanks instead of tour buses here. All the people who really bad out here they did didn't on the life of -- If that is not -- there is no -- for the -- -- He -- losses the minister of antiquities. A man who has worked around the pyramids his whole life. We hope that the sinks would have -- -- -- game of the -- was mining -- it means that tourist with combat these old. Stones these majestic mysterious monuments are among the great treasures of the world but right now. Another humanities ancient treasures that the egyptians are reaching for and grasping. Freedom. How long can Hosni Mubarak hold out how long can that. Democratic. Ecstasy -- this protest movement last how long can Egypt endure the tension. And the uncertainty and the economic toll that this is all taking. But the revolution He can't predict it ", "It's estimated this place sells over $100 million worth of stuff each year although not all are best sellers. We had an  egyptian  themed toilet seat. That one didn't take off. Reporter: IT'S BEEN A Couple years since our fascination took hold and ", "stuff each year although not all are best sellers. We had an egyptian themed toilet seat. That one didn't take off. Reporter: IT'S BEEN A Couple years since our fascination took hold and since then ", "want. No but the defense seemed to suffer continuous gas ago. Here's what one from that relentless cross examination of  Egyptian  can you read any of the words on it. Kardashian read it. Followed by days photo so called Celtic taken by attorney Don west ", "-- ago. Here's what one -- from that relentless cross examination of Egyptian -- can you read any of the words on it. -- -- Kardashian read it. Followed by days photo -- so called ", 'at least for the next couple of weeks. The rise is tied to crude oil prices, $7 a barrel last month amid unrest in  egypt .  Egypt  controls the suez canal, a cruel route for transporting oil. If that country were to descend into a civil war we could ', 'to crude oil prices, $7 a barrel last month amid unrest in egypt . Egypt controls the suez canal, a cruel route for transporting oil. If that country were to descend into a civil war we could ', "demonstration unfolded in  egypt . Abc's susan saulny had gone to alexandria,  egypt , for the summer to teach opponents and supporters of  egyptian  president mohammed morsi but essential travel to  egypt . David? Susan saulny ", "stabbed and killed by a protester as a tense demonstration unfolded in egypt . Abc's susan saulny reports. Reporter: He had gone to alexandria, egypt , for the summer to teach english and sharpen his arabic. A budding scholar on the middle east. Andrew pochter was 21, he would have been a junior this fall in ohio. He left home in maryland to work in pursuit of peace. But he found violence instead. Riots between opponents and supporters of egyptian president mohammed morsi erupted yesterday and andrew was there witnessing the protest as a bystander when he was stabbed to death. Opposition groups are trying to force morsi from power. At least seven are dead now and hundreds are injured. The state department has issued an advisory urging americans to postpone all but essential travel to egypt . David? Susan saulny in washington. Susan, thank you. ", 'them killed in violent protests in  egypt . This was the scene in the city of between opponents and supporters of the  egyptian  president mohamed morsi. He was among for mr. Morsi has been postponed to  egypt . Andrew was from chevy chase, maryland ', 'of alexandria, where deadly clashes erupted between opponents and supporters of the egyptian president mohamed morsi. He was among three killed. And hundreds injured in the dualing rallies. As calls for mr. Morsi has been postponed to egypt . Andrew was from chevy chase, maryland, and in the class of 2015 at kenyon college. ', "evacuating  Egypt . Christiane Begin in  Egypt  turning point day since  egyptians  took to the rally in  Cairo 's liberation force by the  Egyptian  army. On ordinary  egyptians . Not the streets of  Cairo  and elsewhere around  Egypt  the  Egyptian  government ", 'dream and they grievances. This is what greeted us this morning in Cairo a new display of force by the Egyptian army. On day seven of the unprecedented. Protests rocking -- and we made no way to time we -- square foot liberation ', "-- for a million people. To come out into the streets of Cairo and elsewhere around Egypt the Egyptian government doesn't want any of that and they say that they're stopping train. Them coming into this capital. -- Thank you Christiane ", "return to square in  Egypt  to demand freedom are targeting the  Egyptian  military. Who undermined reports of the man  egyptians  deposed more than be near death.  Egypt  is a Tinder box standing by in Luxor  Egypt . And ABC's Alex starting us off from  Cairo  Alex. Diane we're here among the  Egyptian  people as against ", "of people lit their candles and return to -- -- square in Egypt to demand freedom again take a look at -- extraordinary pictures. They're still coming in what seems to be an infinity of protesters. And this time they are targeting the Egyptian military. Who undermined their first historic presidential election. This weekend the military stripped the winner of much of his power and -- that kind of historical irony tonight. There -- reports of the man egyptians deposed more than a year and a half ago Hosni Mubarak may have suffered a stroke and be near death. Egypt is a Tinder box again tonight and we have Christian -- -- standing by in Luxor Egypt . And ABC's Alex -- court starting us off from Cairo Alex. Diane we're here among the Egyptian people as -- against the -- that Mubarak who consider this country is a dictator. Every thirty years this clinically dead if the latest turn in what has been in -- Leave for Egypt and the birthplace of the Egyptian revolution tonight packed. With tens of thousands. There's joy over the expected victory of Mohammed -- -- the Arab world's first contested ", "-- -- the people here -- annual it was known that the Egyptian revolution. Politics. We've seen tonight identical to the ones we saw the very first night of last year's revolution as people demanded ", 'civil war brewing in  Egypt  today at least seven s Alex park is in  Egypt  with the very latest hi Alex. Good morning Paula  Cairo  is bracing for what are signatures. A quarter of all  egyptians  on a petition calling Stanley said he was in  Egypt  this summer to learn ', "called rebellion claims to have 22 million signatures. A quarter of all egyptians on a petition calling for early elections. They also accused the united states of -- the Muslim Brotherhood while the brotherhood says the US's siding with their opponents. Around 150 people have been wounded since this new wave of protests began on Friday. And seven people killed among them was 21 year old American student Andrew popped her. He was caught in a violent protest on Friday where he was stabbed. Doctor Stanley said he was in Egypt this summer to learn Arabic and teach English to children. And eventually wanted to move to the Middle East. President Barack Obama says the US isn't taking sides and has called for calm today putting signs of the violence they could come -- US embassy has closed today. President -- has moved to Stanley for safety. Many here are afraid that Egypt is on the cusp of civil war. -- -- -- -- Could be a long day -- -- out mark will be ", 'apart. In  Egypt  India Kenya young woman in  Cairo Egypt  caught between hold the great  Pyramids  of  Giza  stone proof case. In the  Egypt  of today and critical. Of  Egyptian  democracy in vote like many  egyptians  cynical. Over ', 'seen through the eyes of 421 year -- living worlds apart. In Egypt India Kenya in China. Today the web -- we meet a young woman in Cairo Egypt caught between two worlds. The hold the great Pyramids of Giza stone proof of ancient engineering trial lesson are also clues in here. Of the incredible sexual equality this ancient civilization enjoyed even by modern standards did you know there were. Female -- -- warriors high -- there was equal pay among the sexes here 5000 years ago certainly not the case. In the Egypt of today and to get a glimpse into the hopes and fears of the middle class in this American ally. We spent ', "this protest today in  cairo ,  egypt . Tahrir square, tens captivated the world,  egypt  has struggled on its he says, to put  egypt  on a democratic path including women's.  Egyptians  will have a chance to ", 'overseas. Take a look at the size of this protest today in cairo , egypt . Tahrir square, tens of thousands of protesters reeling from tear gas but determined to send a message to the world about their ', "The day  egyptians  headed to the polls powers. Reformers in  Egypt  have long complained their effort. From  Cairo  here's ABC's It is tortured by  Egyptian  police yeah. Captured by young secular  egyptians  like Alan. Bloggers criticize president who  Egypt  has been under strict ", "The day egyptians headed to the polls for a referendum. That would make a series of amendments to their constitution the government's -- the vote is an example of efforts to expand democracy but critics quality sham. That will only expand the president's powers. Reformers in Egypt have long complained about their government's failure to enact true democratic reform and they are now turning to an unlikely ally in their effort. From Cairo here's ABC's -- and it. -- It is tortured by Egyptian police -- yeah. Captured on a policeman's camera and and -- -- is making sure millions see it by posting it on ", "Hundreds of blogs are springing up in -- posted by young secular egyptians like Alan. Bloggers are trying to reach an ordinary egyptians who become complacent to their state controlled media. And their government is known for silencing political opposition. Now the government is trying to silence the bloggers. 21 year old Abdul Kareem has just been sentenced to four years in prison for using his blog to criticize president who -- Egypt has been under strict emergency law for more than 25 years -- -- -- government unlimited powers of arrest and detention. At the explosion in blogs it's beginning to influence the state controlled media. A blogger reports a story that create create safe space for the mainstream media to report the story and then it gets to the mainstream media. And -- gets to the general public. Now Egyptian courts are threatening to shut down 21 of the leading blogs more arrests are expected. Allen knows he could be neck. If I'm acting at least until me if something happens to -- can be put in these things I wouldn't know that is happening for it is an. A young Egyptian willing to risk everything. Trying to bring real democracy to his country. We'll stinnett ABC news -- us. ", "week we had  Egypt 's sprawling capital city  Cairo . That's dips below the  pyramids  the Islamic out across  Cairo . Yeah. Mom married most  Egyptian  twenty somethings year 700000.  Egyptians  earned degrees speak freely.  Egypt  is officially It's an  Egyptian . What  egyptians", "-- -- 21 year old from India this week we had -- Egypt's sprawling capital city Cairo . That's for ABC's Bill -- -- young woman who calls herself a normal girl but is a study in contradictions. As the sun dips below the pyramids the Islamic call to prayer -- out across Cairo . Yeah. Mom in her apartment explored the mosque Roy isn't that -- can hear it loud and clear -- she covers her "]