["security and safety of all.  Egyptians  this is my responsibility Including at the famed  Cairo  museum home. priceless revered institution in  Egypt  and the big question almost month. The head of  Egypt 's intelligence service the United States. But  egyptians  in the streets they don't ", "the city on their tanks. The economy is a revered institution in Egypt and the big question is whether they will stand by the embattled president. Even if He orders them to fire into the crowds. Mubarak meanwhile in appointed his first ever vice president almost -- -- month. The head of Egypt's intelligence service. -- as. Soon Heymann has long been one of Mubarak's most trusted advises. He is the chief go between with Israel and He also has deep ties to the United States. But egyptians in the streets -- they don't see this is changed they tell us they won't stop until Mubarak and his whole circle ", 'Two separate flights, suddenly fearing that there were bombs on board. The cases unrelated, both frightening. This  egypt  bound for new york city, suddenly military jets scrambled, escorting the flight as it was diverted to scotland after someone ', 'that there were bombs on board. The cases unrelated, both frightening. This egypt bound for new york city, suddenly military jets scrambled, escorting the flight as it was diverted to scotland after someone found te ', "relations between the US and  Egypt  have never been worse dollars in American aid for  Egypt  most of the military and I were standing in  Cairo  watching democracy take huge leverage The US is  Egypt 's biggest in the west This is no way for the  egyptians  treat America's biggest ", "who we're told today they could very well face criminal trial in Egypt . They have been ordered not to leave that country and tonight the State Department says it is deeply concerned about the situation. The nineteen Americans who work for agencies were originally invited in to watch democracy take hold in Egypt . Christiane Amanpour is standing by right here with what the US could do about this but first tonight ABC's Alex Marquardt who's been on the -- in Cairo in recent days reporting -- now. On this dramatic turn tonight. While violent protests rage in the streets of Cairo a diplomatic battle has erupted with Egypt -- America's closest Arab allies. Among the ninety Americans to be tried is Sam -- the son of transportation secretary Ray LaHood. Their alleged crime working in Egypt without a license and receiving foreign funds which they've been doing for years with no problem. -- good works of the International Republican Institute which does pro democracy work. Funded by congress today the institute said the prosecution is a politically motivated effort to squash Egypt's growing civil society. What is the ruling military council that took over after President Hosni Mubarak was ousted last year has repeatedly refused quote. Foreign hands of meddling. Just before New Year's seventeen nongovernmental organizations including IRI -- were rated. Then two weeks ago -- -- and five other Americans were banned from leaving Egypt . We do not believe there is any basis for these investigations. These -- On. The sites that the NGOs operate out of ", "do here to we have leverage huge leverage -- The US is Egypt's biggest -- in the west biggest back of Frankie more than a billion dollars you go straight to the military and that's what has enormous amount to very. This is no way for the egyptians treat -- -- -- America's biggest not another decided to confront people all the administration and the US congress. ", 'in another closely watched election in  Egypt  tonight. After the people revolted driving standing watch at a busy polling station in  Cairo  tonight Alex. Good evening David the sense of and for many fear. The next  Egyptian  president will either be an Islamist from ', "Voting already underway meantime in another closely watched election in Egypt tonight. After the people -- revolted driving Hosni Mubarak from power that elation in tahrir square but now come major questions about whether their revolution. Has been hijacked ABC's Alex -- -- standing watch at a busy polling station in Cairo tonight Alex. Good evening David the excitement that we saw at the beginning of this historic election has given way to a sense of -- -- and for many fear. The next Egyptian president will either be an Islamist from the Muslim Brotherhood. Or Mubarak's last prime minister and that has left many of their ", "what's going on in  Egypt  alone where 52%. Of But turning back to  Egypt  for a moment we have past days how ordinary  egyptians  live in  Cairo . When food and water tonight Hassan remembers  Egypt  where she once lived ", "food vendors. There are no children at the school. Gas stations deserted. Egypt's runs on caps if you have a credit card. But put your card and an ATM machine and the message is. Out ", "helicopters hovering over  Cairo . When the military moved buildings even breaking into  Cairo 's famous  Egypt  museum. Commandos came neighborhoods. Across  Egypt  buildings were set on shut down this morning  egyptians  may be without their ", "A crisis in Egypt as we said the US embassy is now telling Americans they should get out of the country as soon as possible but they're very few flights out in the US government has not yet ordered evacuations. Our -- Jake Tapper reports at the White House is now pressuring Egypt's president to lift emergency law. And to fully -- sell an Internet service but -- Jazeera says it was ordered today to shut down its bureau there. -- -- -- is in Cairo with the latest good morning Alex. Good morning Leon once again thousands of -- street across -- They are angry here in Cairo they're piling into -- where soldiers. Let's not get -- them there had been widespread looting arson and today we're hearing about thousands of prisoners. Being early would only further at the rest. And people on the street tell us they believe thirty years behind it. -- army setting up checkpoints today to contain the crowds helicopters hovering over Cairo . When the military moved in the police left. -- huge security back -- Gangs of looters took advantage on Saturday stealing from office buildings even breaking into Cairo's famous Egypt museum. Commandos came into security supported by a human chain of protesters. We are. Sending a message to all the be booked automotive and all over the -- -- does have -- being born -- -- dies at don't judge us. Vigilante groups have sprung up arming themselves with guns and -- to protect their neighborhoods. Across Egypt buildings were set on fire clashes continued between anti government protesters and the police. In the economically and with Al-Jazeera one of the few independent Arabic outlets here ordered shut down this morning -- egyptians may be without their main source of information on the protests. Egypt today was also absorbing the news that President Hosni Mubarak named a new vice president. And successor if He were to step ", 'straight out a movie. An apg shents  egyptian  statue spinning in place at a top museum video appeared to capture an ancient  egyptian  statue doing the same thing, spinning museum says the thousand-year-old  egyptian  idol is locked in a glass case. I was ', 'to that baffling museum mystery straight out a movie. An apg shents egyptian statue spinning in place at a top museum. John muller has that story for us. Reporter: Curse, caper or clever prank. This morning heads in england are spinning after this time-lapsed video appeared to capture an ancient egyptian statue doing the same thing, spinning. This, they say, is no night at the museum. Hey. Hi. How are you doing? Reporter: ', "It's been happening for months. Even though the museum says the thousand-year-old egyptian idol is locked in a glass case. I was working in this gallery for around an hour and a half and the ", 'paejts. Friday a passenger an board a flight in denver claimed to have a bomb in his backpack. On saturday an  egypt  air flight from  cairo  to new york diverted to scott land off finding a note in the bathroom. This incident is still under investigation ', 'denver claimed to have a bomb in his backpack. On saturday an egypt air flight from cairo to new york diverted to scott land off finding a note in the bathroom. This incident is still under investigation. Out west ', 'Two months later  Cairo  a city that is seen and conquerors.  Cairo  has returned to its question hangs over  Egypt  and the answer to optimistic like so many  egyptians  we know we are free Matters so much because  Egypt  with its 85 million mirage. While and  Egyptian  executive with Google ', '-- of of the revenues from becoming a mirage. While -- and Egyptian executive with Google was a leader of the revolution He helped organize it on FaceBook and other social media. He was imprisoned ', "pressure cooker of  Cairo Egypt  tension and violence He's still in  Cairo  without David Muir Tens of thousands of  egyptians  gathered deliberations That you were over  Egypt  to update you go part They are all about  Egypt .", 'What a difference tonight in the pressure cooker of Cairo Egypt tension and violence gave way to celebration today. You remember yesterday these were the scenes we were showing you -- bloody clashes ', "repressive rule.  Egyptians  put down on their to in the new.  Egypt 's prime minister eighteen days in  Egypt  shook the world The people want  Egypt  won its freedom the people. Of  Egypt  are calling for remind us of the  Egyptian  people. What they joins us now from  Cairo  Terry what is the ", "massive tectonic shift people power peacefully overcoming thirty years of repressive rule. Egyptians put -- down on their future. And today the military -- -- putting down tents on top news plant an ordinary citizens this weekend. Armed with brooms and trash bags -- -- out the old to -- in the new. Egypt's prime minister has said now the priority is to restore security. We'll try to navigate the -- for the United States and the region. We had exclusive interviews with the former house speaker Newt Gingrich and the Israeli defense minister Ehud Barack. It is still not clear what the future will look like that but -- need those eighteen days in Egypt shook the world. He wasn't epic showdown between the people. And into authoritarian regime they had chafed under the decades. They don't Friday. The people want Egypt won its freedom from the men who ruled them for fifty years. In eighteen games they won the support of the rest ", "President the scenes in  Egypt  suggest. That and more lost the support of the  Egyptian  people. What we saw similar concerned about what's and  Egypt  and we've been monitoring he stands by the current  Egyptian  regime but to a point he ", "had 200 plus years of practice -- -- is still new in Egypt . And so they're gonna have to work through these things. The key is making sure they don't work through them and -- in a violent fashion. But our positions always been it's not our job to Jews who Egypt's leaders are. We do want to make sure that all the voices are heard. And it's done in a peaceful way. I ", 'will defends of the Libyan capital. If  Egypt  protests continued outside the Israeli embassy in  Cairo . After a rare apology by the Israeli government on Saturday for the deaths of three  Egyptian  soldiers. This latest round of violence ', 'Gadhafi regime bounce its fighters will defends of the Libyan capital. If Egypt protests continued outside the Israeli embassy in Cairo . After a rare apology by the Israeli government on Saturday for the deaths of three Egyptian soldiers. This latest round of violence began on Thursday when the Israelis were killed in an attack on Israeli buses. Escalating tensions ', "been kidnapped in  Egypt . ABC's Alex more partisan  Cairo  with the very latest where died in the  Sinai Peninsula  just north of the last 24 hours and  Egypt . After those 74 people did nothing here in  Cairo  protesting outside ", "news this morning about those two Americans who have been kidnapped in Egypt . ABC's Alex more partisan Cairo with the very latest Alex good morning. Good morning that's right two American women kidnapped along where -- died in the Sinai Peninsula just north of the seaside resort of charm off day on their way to see it happen which is famous for an old monastery. Now the Sinai has become. Very lawless in the recent months and the fault President Hosni Mubarak would bedouin tribes carrying out kidnappings. We don't know what the kidnappers want whether it simply ransom or whether there holding them for political reasons because some tried to become aligned with. Al-Qaeda now that's not the only place we're seeing lawlessness. Four people -- -- killed in clashes the last 24 hours and Egypt . After those 74 people were killed. Following that soccer game in the northern city of -- say they are curious. About a lack of security they say the police stood by and did nothing here in Cairo -- protesting outside the ministry the interior saying the military council has created a security vacuum in which crime has skyrocketed. Back to you. Thank you Alex Alex Mark Clark forest in Cairo . ", 'Terrifying ordeal on  Egypt  air flight finally coming to an end. The plane was en route from  Cairo  to New York yesterday afternoon it was diverted to Glasgow Scotland. After a passenger found a threatening note in the bathroom ', 'Terrifying ordeal on -- Egypt air flight finally coming to an end. The plane was en route from Cairo to New York yesterday afternoon it was diverted to Glasgow Scotland. After a passenger found a threatening note in the bathroom. The ', "well as spy planes. And  egypt . The u.S. Embassy military official says  egypt 's fragile government Abc's lama hasan is in  cairo  with the latest. Good Good morning, josh.  Egypt  is on-edge this morning the birthplace of the  egyptian  revolution two years ", "to send troops to mali, as well as spy planes. And egypt . The u.S. Embassy has been forced to close because of violence street protests there. The situation so bad, that one military official says egypt's fragile government could now collapse. Abc's lama hasan is in cairo with the latest. Good morning, lama. Reporter: Good morning, josh. Egypt is on-edge this morning. Here in tahrir square, the birthplace of the egyptian revolution two years ago, has seen five-straight days of bloodshed and violence. Overnight, protesters stormed a five-star luxury hotel. They broke down ", "teeming with people once again. As you know  egyptians  took part in an historic vote for their the second. Clinton doesn't most of  Egypt 's first air presidential election pitted on its power. Alex mark Martin ABC news  Cairo .", "second -- here -- the second. Clinton doesn't -- -- most of Egypt's first air presidential election pitted the military's candidate. Against the long outlawed Muslim Brotherhood candidate was widely projected to of one. But ", "Our David in  Cairo  with us for the TV another from  Cairo  you can even thousands done. Meantime  Egyptian  state TV this gas pipeline and  Egypt 's northern  Sinai Peninsula  huge flames seen relationships between  Egypt  the countries ", "daily -- telling us this is what the government has done. Meantime Egyptian state TV this morning is reporting and an explosion. At a gas pipeline and Egypt's northern Sinai Peninsula -- -- huge flames seen for miles away. There are no reported injuries but there is concern because those gas pipelines -- to Jordan and Israel. And what's unclear this morning -- exactly who was behind that explosion and whether or not that natural gas has been cut off. I was going out to both Israel and Jordan but what it does illustrate I think intricate relationships between Egypt -- the countries in the region which is why everyone Dan. Still watching what's going on in this square very closely at. ", "interests of the  Egyptian  people done. In  Egypt  but they're speech in  Cairo . Back in That we  Cairo  and then that so many  egyptians  have so many ground in  Egypt Cairo  Yemen perhaps including in  Egypt  I think a from the  Egyptian  government ", 'democracy human rights economic reform are in the best interests of the Egyptian people. Any government that does not try to move in that direction. Cannot meet the legitimate needs of the people. Secretaries of ', "you'll see that on any give an interview with. Somebody from the Egyptian government is coming from the British government. The interviewer who will interview that person on the English Channel is. Going to be ", 'Jim this been quite an emotional the  Egyptian  people have experienced this week. No With the protests ending in the square  egyptians  are getting ready for the hard work of building a new  Egypt . There resources businesses under way ', "Jim this -- been quite an emotional -- the Egyptian people have experienced this week. No question -- -- you mingle among the crowds today over these last 24 hours and I'm "]