[' Why Obama will be tough to beat  By Julian E. Zelizer, Special to CNN   President Barack Obama greets people as he visits Miami Central Senior High School in Florida on March 4. STORY HIGHLIGHTSJulian Zelizer: Defeating an incumbent president is no easy taskZelizer says presidents have been beaten after challenges in their own partyHe says President Obama is unlikely to face serious Democratic oppositionZelizer: An improving economy may also give Obama a liftEditor\'s note: Julian E. Zelizer is a professor of history and public affairs at Princeton University. He is the author of "Jimmy Carter," published by Times Books, and editor of a book assessing former President George W. Bush\'s administration, published by Princeton University Press.   Princeton, New Jersey (CNN) -- Republicans are looking ahead -- some with glee and others with fear -- to the presidential election in 2012. Many in the GOP, ranging from former Speaker of the House Newt Gingrich to Indiana Gov. Mitch Daniels to Donald Trump, have been courting the media to discuss the possibility of running. New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie, voicing confidence about his own prospects, told reporters that many people had been calling him to say, "Let me explain to you how you could win.\' And I\'m like, \'You\'re barking up the wrong tree. I already know I could win.\' That\'s not the issue." But Republicans have also expressed a significant amount of hesitation about jumping into the race. Christie still says he is not planning to run. Gingrich has been going back and forth. Former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee has delayed a decision and Sen. John Thune of South Dakota has already dropped out. Opinion: Is Obama defeatable? Most of them, even the optimists, realize that there is a rough road ahead. With all the challenges that President Obama confronts, he won\'t be easy to beat.  The fact is that it has been extremely difficult in recent history to defeat presidential incumbents who decide to run for a second term. Since Herbert Hoover lost to Franklin Roosevelt in 1932, only three incumbents have been defeated in their re-election bid -- Gerald Ford in 1976, Jimmy Carter in 1980 and George H.W. Bush in 1992. Harry Truman and Lyndon Johnson announced they would not run in the middle of the primaries. Romney: Obama will be a one-term president  The odds are not great for the GOP given that there is very little chance that Obama won\'t be at the top of the Democratic ticket. ', 'Defeating an incumbent president requires an exceptional candidate.--Julian E. Zelizer']