[' Richard Drew / AP The 1,454-foot Empire State Building, left, the 1,776-foot One World Trade Center, center, and the Statue of Liberty, lower right, are shown in this photo from New York\'s Top of the Rock Observation Deck at Rockefeller Center,  Friday, May 10, 2013. Pssst. Hey you. Want to buy the Empire State Building?It\'s an old joke, but it\'s at least about to become partly true after investors gave the green light for a plan to include the iconic building in a publicly traded company. Holders of more than 80 percent of the units that own the landmark skyscraper  approved the plan to fold it into a newly created real estate investment trust  called Empire State Realty Trust Inc. The approval came after more than a  year of fighting between Malkin Holdings Plc, which has spearheaded the plan,  and a small group of investors.The Empire State Building, which ranked as the world\'s tallest for four decades after its completion in 1931, is one of the most recognizable features of the New York City skyline. It is being renovated, and as of September 30, was 68.5 percent leased.The vote was disclosed in a U.S.  Securities and Exchange Commission filing on Wednesday. The 80 percent  figure is a critical threshold because it allows Malkin to use a forced buyout  provision to get the full support of the investors. The provision, which a New  York State judge recently upheld, requires holdouts to either sell their units  back for $100 per unit or vote for the plan. "We will terminate the  solicitation in due course," Malkin said in a statement. "The vote remains open  and we urge all investors who have not yet voted in favor of the proposed  consolidation and IPO to do so immediately." Malkin has estimated that  each of the 3,300 units sold in the early 1960s at $10,000 a piece, could be  worth more than $320,000, according to SEC filings. The ultimate value will be  determined by the public market after the IPO. At the end of last year,  2,824 investors held the units, according to SEC filings. The REIT is estimated  to be valued at about $4.2 billion. In November 2011, Malkin launched  the plan to make the 102-story Empire State the centerpiece of a new REIT of  more than 18 properties. While some investors welcome the plan, wishing to cash  in on the more than 50-year-old investment, a small organized group of investors  opposed it. Several lawsuits were filed, which prompted Malkin to change the  structure of the ownership, providing them with a more tax-efficient way to  convert their units into ownership of the REIT. For Malkin, which has ownership in all the properties proposed  for the REIT, the plan would value its stake as much as $714 million after the  REIT goes public.The Leona Helmsley estate, a major investor in the  company that sublets and manages several of the properties proposed for the  REIT, could see its stake valued at about $1.03 billion, according to an SEC  filing. It would reap about $672 million of the total in cash. ']