['There are some new jobs for House Republicans but the leader has stayed the same', "A quick trip around Hannity's America...Tortured AnswersAttorney General Eric Holder has made no secret that he thinks waterboarding is torture. The National Review'...", 'Here\'s what is on tap for Monday:"FOX & Friends First" Starts at 6 a.m. ETStanley "Tookie" Williams is set to be executed early Tuesday morning. Will California Gove...', "Let's put it this way: About the only face that didn't materialize on Capitol Hill Tuesday was Rep. Jesse Jackson Jr. (D-IL).It's face time on Capitol Hill. A period...", 'Breaking Ranks, Top Republican Praises DHS For (Some) Proposed Spending, While Many Worry Budget Cuts Could Hurt Border Security', 'One day after Democrats warned that Republican-backed budget cuts could endanger national security, a top Republican on Capitol Hill has broken ranks and praised the...', "The Democrats last, best chance to hold the House this fall won't come from a last-ditch infusion of cash in key races. It won't come from some special electoral gim...", 'A Senate proposal to eliminate an unpopular tax-reporting requirement in the health care law has amassed 60 co-sponsors, giving the bill enough support to pass and m...', 'The House plans to vote on a measure to repeal part of the health care law Thursday. The proposal does away with an IRS reporting requirement that members from both ...', "Mark McGwire knew better.Even Tareq and Michaele Salahi knew better.Apparently Roger Clemens didn't.If you testify at a Congressional hearing, you'd better tell the ...", "What would the Obama administration have done with Usama bin Laden if he were captured, rather than killed?That's the question posed to Attorney General Eric Holder ...", 'President Obama is reiterating his "commitment to comprehensive immigration reform," and hopes to overhaul the system during his time in office.But Congressman Dan L...', "Reporters left Capitol Hill for the summer recess chasing after embattled Rep. Charlie Rangel (D-NY).They'll return today bird-dogging House Minority Leader John Boe...", 'Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid (D-NV) lays down the gauntlet Monday on financial regulatory reform legislation. The Senate will have a cloture vote to end debate ...', "Washington's most infamous party crashers pleaded the Fifth Amendment 31 times at a House hearing investigating their entry into a White House State Dinner in Novemb..."]