["we move next to  Egypt  because today  egyptians  headed to the Reformers in  Egypt  have long complained effort. From  Cairo  here's ABC's is tortured by  Egyptian  police yeah young secular  egyptians  like Bloggers ", "anywhere you want it. Today on the webcast we're gonna head to Cairo Egypt where a few brave bloggers are taking on the government has the public votes. In a rare election in that country. Also ", "Overseas  Egypt  where the Arab autumn erupted today tens of thousands of protesters flooded  Cairo 's tahrir square to demand an end to military rule. At least 29 have now been killed in a twist three American students who join ", "Overseas -- -- Egypt where the Arab autumn erupted today tens of thousands of protesters flooded Cairo's tahrir square to demand an end to military rule. At least 29 have now been killed in a twist three American students ", 'giant Arab nation of  Egypt  is boiling tonight into the streets of  Cairo  and start with Alex court. Tonight  Cairo  on fire police vans army moved into  Cairo  as well as the  Egyptian  cities of Alexandria early afternoon  egyptians  prayed in the streets ', "in tonight. But first we will take you into the streets of Cairo and start with Alex -- court. Tonight Cairo on fire police vans torched the ruling party headquarters in flames. The army moved into Cairo as well as the Egyptian cities of Alexandria and Suez. Reinforce the police who've been clashing with protesters all week. Protesters who have been using FaceBook and Twitter to organize the masses. Attempting to quell the uprising the government today shut down all Internet and cell phone service but no results. It all began early afternoon -- egyptians prayed in the streets the police watching and waiting. Prayers ended angry worshippers poured into the streets. A two fury directed squarely ", "Egyptian  television evening President most  egyptians  quite frankly media reflects  Cairo 's feelings day that the  egyptians  are all but ignoring Delayed reluctant  egyptians  either Israelis meantime the  Egyptian  beer drinker ", "Egyptian television evening news -- at all how does a lot about Israel getting out of there is -- Sinai. Absolutely nothing about normal relations with Israel not one -- President -- -- most egyptians quite frankly I would rather not think about it let alone talk about it. And the media reflects Cairo's feelings about edging ever closer to Tel Aviv. He ambivalence as Larry the Jerusalem Post on the sales side by side with -- off top. Which barely mentions this historic day that the -- egyptians are all but ignoring this latest stage of he's -- his anger and embarrassment. Over the lack of progress on the Palestinian issue at Jerusalem. Open borders direct flights and mail business and trade -- in -- many of the signs of normal relations are lagging. Delayed -- -- reluctant egyptians -- -- either Israelis. According to Cairo's leading magazine normal relations -- really get moving on February the 52. Weeks -- That's mostly propaganda. In the meantime the Egyptian beer drinker. Will continue to wallow in his -- and Israeli fears smuggled onto the mark easy ago. Jury -- ABC news Cairo . ", "In Gaza.  Egypt  has been happens if  Egypt  drops out about the  Egyptian  government English in.  Cairo  what is the owned by the  egyptians  on which we've seen in  Egypt  militias called. civilian  egyptians  basically They chief.  Egyptian  army was went back to  Cairo  for the obvious ", "presence of Hezbollah on the northern border than of Hamas. In Gaza. Egypt has been enforcing. The embargo of weapons on Gaza on Hamas in Gaza. Coming through tunnels and elsewhere what happens if Egypt drops out -- that. I've been -- before Begin. There's been a lot of talk about the Egyptian government. Stopping the satellite feed of Al-Jazeera and Al-Jazeera English in. Cairo what is the status of that and what you think that says about the way that the government there is trying to monitor the freedom of and. Arrangement. Obviously the offices of a -- and Kyra have been shut down the as you mentioned satellite and -- -- owned by the egyptians on which on whose frequencies and Jazeera has traditionally broadcast has been switched off so enthusiasts which now to an Arab side. ", "interesting watching this crisis unfold. Is the way that we cover the Egyptian military. As if it is its own branch of government how is the Egyptian army gonna respond what is gonna happen with the Egyptian military explains to people who. Well Chris air all eyes are in the military -- Christiane talk about that is well. And I think people say there's there's choice say the military will side with Mubarak choice B the military will side with the people. But I -- to receive the military will take care of itself. They're the most highly respected institution. In Egypt as you can see people are climbing on takes takes they're waving. It's pretty clear to me they haven't been given orders ", "undertake that vessel of that accident in Tunisia. And we've seen in Egypt militias called. -- civilian egyptians basically and it taking care of the protection. All of various places such as the national museum so there is definitely at -- that scenario and he's just want to quickly go back to the issue of the army. United States has obviously through the decades investing in military to -- -- Cooperation with the egyptians . I think you're just fast. They were He just last week. They chief. Egyptian army was hearing in Washington the company's -- shall went back to Cairo for the obvious reasons. And it seems to me that that kind of investment was the right investment because eventually. The army will always played a road in whatever happens in Egypt . I think. The second component that would not talk about now is that in the same way the United States has invested time and -- and other things in the Egyptian army. They need the Obama administration needs to be investing in democracy this is not about the Muslim Brotherhood -- in this. Although -- do not exclude that they may have something to do -- it. This is about the Middle East not going back to what it was just two months ago. So the United States needs to be on the right -- if the United States have the kind of openness that needs it. We would have a much -- -- picture of what's going to having -- in Egypt in future because of that He is. Of iron fist we do not now now bet it's not to -- Exactly we ", "propaganda. And power. Trying new target for the rage of  Egypt  protest movement state TV. I don't. This morning they The power of state television and that this trust so many  egyptians  have court that's one. Big reason that Twitter and FaceBook ", "media. The power of state television and that this trust so many egyptians have court that's one. Big reason that Twitter and FaceBook have been so crucial in this revolution -- trusted. Robin and it's ", 'head overseas to  egypt , the country that The stability of  egypt  is vital to the united tonight that the new  egyptian  president may be troubling turn for  egypt  and america. Running the one every day  egyptians  overthrew, just ', "And now we head overseas to egypt , the country that seems to be spiraling closer to the edge of a kind of political chaos. The stability of egypt is vital to the united states. But these images are sending a message to the world tonight that the new egyptian president may be losing some control. Abc's lama hasan is there. Lama? Reporter: Diane, this latest wave of violence is tearing up the country -- a country that, tonight, looks like it's on the brink of civil war. A troubling turn for egypt and america. Running battles. A violent barrage of rocks and tear gas. Roads engulfed. Clashes with police. Last night, rioters smashing into this luxury five-star intercontinental hotel. Tonight, the hotel tweeting out they are once again surrounded. The anger is all too familiar. But this is different and very frighten frightening. Egypt , the most populous arab country, is america's number one ally in the region. With its long-standing peace treaty with israel, egypt helps america with stability in a dangerous region and in the fight against terror. Now, with these scenes, the head of the army is warning america's friend is on the verge of collapse. They tell us their new president mohamed morsi is acting like a dictator, like the one every day egyptians overthrew, just two years ago. These are carpenters, tour guides and teachers and they believe if they don't rise up, their country ", "America's relationship with  Egypt . In exchange for more defending Israel. But  Egypt  is also run by a man here's outsmart caught in  Cairo . Bill despite the curfew widely reviled here in  Egypt . And repressive and fury was unleashed.  Egyptians  young and old men and ", "imagine. Or would -- -- Islamist government dominated by the Muslim Brotherhood Egypt's strongest opposition party. And that of course is what the American State Department has to be worried about tonight. ", 'Egyptian  archaeologists have discovered the bottom part of an unknown pyramid about twelve and a half miles southeast of  Cairo  they belong to a fifth dynasty king who ruled from 2444. BC to 2436. BC archaeologists say the entrants had not yet ', 'Egyptian archaeologists have discovered the bottom part of an unknown pyramid about twelve and a half miles southeast of Cairo they -- belong to a fifth dynasty king who ruled from 2444. BC to 2436. BC archaeologists say the -- entrants had ', 'violent protests in  Egypt  are back home this students arrested in  Cairo  are finding any and feuding a revolution.  Egyptian  claim the students house at ABC news.  Cairo . And one of those here the police in  Egypt  say you were throwing ', "Three American students arrested during the violent protests in Egypt are back home this morning they were accused of throwing Molotov cocktails at police and thrown in jail. Students deny the charges and we'll talk to one of them in just a moment about his ordeal but first here's ABC's llama Hasan. -- -- -- -- -- Derek Sweeney -- gates I'm Gregory torture the US students arrested in Cairo are finding any and surrounding them -- -- and friends all overwhelmed with joy and relief. Each student grateful to be. I just wanna say that I'm so thankful back in Philadelphia to get here it's. Been residue -- -- -- only go home and -- -- Thanksgiving soon. But there's a master of -- was not meant to end -- soon or like this. -- the now infamous video of their arrest they were accused of feuding a revolution. Egyptian -- claim the students were hurling Molotov cocktails from the roof at the American university -- security forces. -- claim that friends ", "in New York looked like the ones and the -- it. The Egyptian security forces also released these pictures which they -- show Derek mouth covered amongst the demonstrators. So what were the three students doing there were they looking for a thrill or just quarter up in the moment they were at the right place at the wrong time. One thing is clear this is a lesson students will never -- For Good Morning America -- -- house at ABC news. Cairo . And one of those -- -- Sweeney joins us now from Saint Louis along with his mom -- good morning to both of you. Good morning since -- Derek welcome home we're very happy -- safe I want to let you tell your side of the story here the police in Egypt say you were throwing. Firebombs. At the cops is there any. Truth to that. There's absolutely no truth whatsoever to that. We ", 'the streets of  Cairo . He has in is that. The  Egyptian  government is standing within  Egypt  on Thursday ambassador to  Egypt  Frank Wisner with Mubarak in  Cairo . conveyed a June 2009. In  Cairo  I do have an behind in which  Egypt  is able to get phone call with  Egyptian  vice president ', '-- US allied slash dictator and towards demonstrators in the streets of Cairo . He has in the words of one US official seemed to take a new position every twelve -- now works only to be overtaken by events. The protests began on January 25 and the administration did not appear unduly concerned are. Lesson is that. The Egyptian government is stay home. The president was focused on his annual State of the Union Address -- its domestic focus and nod ', "asking himself. Is how -- why leave a legacy behind in which Egypt is able to get through this transformative period. And my hope is that you'll end up making the right decision. And the latest example of the administration ratcheting up the rhetoric Christiane as Vice President Biden in a phone call with Egyptian vice president -- man. Said that the Egyptian government needed to present. A clear timeline for the way forward so as to assuage the demonstrators in the street Christiane. -- ", "about. What is in.  Egypt 's long term and we himself when He was in  Cairo  at the beginning of his best interests of the  Egyptian  people. Any government is the best way. For  Egypt  to navigate through this legitimate aspirations of the  Egyptian  people. Clinton thank ", "saw in Iran so we've been very clear about. What is in. Egypt's long term -- -- and we continued to be clear. And that is what we want to see. Come from this. Very. ", 'him overnight. The  egyptians  as well as westerners colleagues and their  Egyptian  driver were stopped like for decades in  Egypt egyptians  have good reason to torture. US ambassador to  Egypt  Margaret Scobey in cables people in the streets of  Cairo  are protest. After ', 'it first hand. When -- same repressive forces detained him overnight. The egyptians as well as westerners who were blindfolded with black blindfolds. Handcuffed. Calling out unsure of where they were what was gonna happen to them. Reporter Nicholas -- one of his New York Times colleagues and their Egyptian driver were stopped at a checkpoint and handed over to -- dreaded secret police. They were interrogated and detained left all night ', 'things are not so safe. In  Cairo  a shocking announcement from was covering the crisis in  Egypt  CBS says that on February 11. The day that  Egyptian  President Hosni Mubarak resigned being rescued by a group of  Egyptian  women and police she is currently ', "A reminder that things are not so safe. In Cairo a shocking announcement from CBS news today regarding one of its correspondents who was covering the crisis in Egypt CBS says that on February 11. The day that Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak resigned. Reporter Lara Logan was attacked by a mob of more than 200. People it happened while Logan and her crew from sixty minutes. We're covering the jubilation. Interior square. CBS says that -- suffered what is being called a brutal and sustained sexual assault and beating. Before being rescued by a group of Egyptian women and police she is currently recovering. At a hospital here in the United States. ", "In  Egypt  now that the military Nile today is a sign  Cairo  is back. Traffic is reach that democracy  Egypt  will write a brand new constitution.  Egypt 's best and brightest The working plan to  egyptians  the freedoms of religion ", "unveiled the -- -- welcome to democracy. And to reach that democracy Egypt will write a brand new constitution. Egypt's best and brightest will be looking to America's founding fathers as a -- The working plan to -- -- egyptians the freedoms of religion and the Pratt and the rights to elect your government's arms wrists. -- expansion. Freedom of religion is so important. The -- -- tree is now in control of the country and they have not given the Green light yet to start writing this constitution. So for now a new more free Egypt remains a dream. -- has an ABC news Kyra. ", "the historic news from  Cairo  with ABC's Even before here have been alive  Egyptian  people are choosing their back in January when  egyptians  first rose up against for. has an ABC news  Cairo . There it is on the here. A hard one day in  Egypt  but let me ask you about ", "big picture on both but first let's get the historic news from Cairo with ABC's -- -- Even before the polling stations opened they came in their thousands. We don't know what elections -- you have no idea it's company isn't pleasant that the Packers -- For the first time in nearly sixty years longer than most here have been alive Egyptian people are choosing their own leaders. Like well I know that never. The line stretches as far behind in every one -- Here's -- us that they don't mind waiting as the ones that feel that their voices will be her. People have figured out that they have rights people -- Didn't sit back in January when egyptians first rose up against this -- -- if you would have predicted this day. And then in recent days violence again. Yeah. ", 'moment today when  Egyptian  President Hosni Mubarak announced to  Egypt  and the protesters at the square. In  Cairo  Diane tonight this said adding people of  Egypt  go back to your homes and it all leaves  Egypt  in confusion and chaos ', 'Good evening listen again for yourself to that moment today when Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak announced to Egypt and the protesters He is not going away anytime soon it. And those were cries of anger after seventeen days in the ', "you. This is Bob this is Kevin their  Egyptian  vultures is so we us who rescue facility third to we have. We've had other  Egyptian  vote in the Weaver if you really threatens brought him and another one coming. Anita  Egyptian  is he pulls on his back flying upside ", "below me to introduce you. This is Bob this is Kevin their Egyptian vultures is so we -- us who rescue facility here Bob and -- -- here as to the other third to we have. We've had other Egyptian vote in the Weaver if you really threatens the wild cat and is one of those birds who would not have needed ", "interrupted -- -- -- brought him and another one coming. Anita -- Egyptian -- is -- -- he pulls on his back flying upside down defending with his talent. We all have to get out of there fast. That they have an adrenaline rush we did a quick exit had -- Egyptian -- coming in. We -- so respected the wild -- and that's pear tree breeding season. Kevin made home safely to even ", "Egypt  tonight spreading protests power this weekend  Egyptian  president forcing it The birthplace of  Egypt 's revolution. square him in check and many  egyptians  are attacking his near States which once sought  Egypt  its closest Arab ally ", "Egypt tonight spreading protests after the new president they're made a -- for more power this weekend Egyptian president -- forcing it helped broker that new truce between Israel and Hamas. But it's what he did next now causing outrage in a region already on the -- ABC's Alex -- court in the region again tonight. The birthplace of Egypt's revolution. -- square today again filled with protesters calling for the downfall of another president. Last week president Mohamed -- -- placed ", 'somewhat paradoxically as  Egypt  starts its transition charge Jim Sciutto is in  Cairo  for us once again tonight generals effectively put  Egypt  under military control new constitution for  Egypt . Dissolving parliament rejected by the people. The  Egyptian  people are still basking ', "we'll get nothing out of the revolution. What we're hearing here is Egypt's first post revolution political disagreement and in this crowd we're seeing. The beginnings of democracy but the country needs now is a "]