['Kate, along with many of our talented colleagues, managed every imaginable story - and many unimaginable - including the  Gabby Giffords  shooting, the Arab Spring, the Japanese earthquake, tsunami and nuclear meltdown in Fukushima, the killing of Osama ', "Bush 41. Don't expect much in the way of politics from the ailing ex-president, though he did meet with former Rep.  Gabby Giffords  during her swing through New England to push gun control earlier this month. Obama is making a habit of appearing with ", "Bush 41. Don't expect much in the way of politics from the ailing ex-president, though he did meet with former Rep.  Gabby Giffords  during her swing through New England to push gun control last week. Obama is making a habit of appearing with presidents ", 'Sunday\'s episode of "This Week": http://abcnews.go.com/ThisWeek/  GABBY GIFFORDS  MEETS WITH GEORGE H.W. BUSH ON GUN CONTROL TOUR. Former  Rep .  Gabrielle Giffords  and her husband former astronaut Mark Kelly had lunch over the weekend ', 'care for at several hospitals and at least 22 were in critical condition.  Gabby Giffords  Meets George H.W. Bush on Gun Control Tour Former  Rep .  Gabrielle Giffords  and her husband former astronaut Mark Kelly had lunch Saturday with former ', 'Former  Rep .  Gabrielle Giffords  and her husband former astronaut Mark Kelly had lunch today with former President George H.W. Bush and his wife Barbara at their ', 'to wait another year for some of it. In congressional races, whatever rhymes with Grimes spells relief for Democrats.  Gabby Giffords  is fired up and firing away, but the Senate may be out of earshot. And abroad, a coup may or may not be a coup, but it ', 'SHOOTS GUN FOR THE FIRST TIME SINCE TUCSON. Two-and-a-half years after being shot in the head, former  Rep .  Gabrielle Giffords  visited a shooting range and fired a gun on Monday, her first stop on a seven-state, seven-day bus tour ', 'with Speaker Boehner to decide how to proceed. http://abcn.ws/14CZdpk  GABBY GIFFORDS  - ROAD WARRIOR: Former Arizona  congresswoman Gabrielle Giffords  and her husband, Mark Kelly, are hitting the road today to bring attention to ', 'killed in the Yarnell fire worked other wildfires in recent weeks in New Mexico and Arizona. Former U.S.  Rep .  Gabrielle Giffords  expressed her shock on Twitter, calling the death of the firefighters "absolutely devastating news." "This ', "Student Loans, Abortion Battle, Mandela: Five Stories You'll Care About in Politics Next Week", 'news conference with President Jakaya Kikwete. Obama to Meet With Mandela Family  Gabby Giffords  - Road Warrior Former Arizona  congresswoman Gabrielle Giffords  and her astronaut husband, Mark Kelly, will hit the road next week to bring attention ', 'Frog," depicting the journey of Cassandra, the last frog on earth. Gabrielle Giffords and Mark Kelly Former  Rep .  Gabrielle Giffords  and her husband retired Space Shuttle Commander Mark Kelly will deliver the commencement address at Bard College ', 'the Tucson, Ariz., shooting in January 2011 that killed six and seriously injured others, including former  Rep .  Gabrielle Giffords , was also outside the convention. She spoke to Scott Madden from Orlando, Fla. about background checks and ', 'congresswoman  Gabby Giffords . As you know  congresswoman Giffords  has decide congresswoman  Gabby Giffords  kept up her year ago.  Congresswoman Gabrielle Giffords  Democrat a miracle  Gabby Giffords  survive and steps down  congresswoman Giffords  will be on ', "woman who has taught us a lot about spirit and patriotism congresswoman Gabby Giffords . As you know congresswoman Giffords has decide to resign from congress and today in bittersweet symbolism. She was holding an open meeting with constituents when a gunman's bullet changed her life but she returned to that very place. Before she stepped down. ABC's David Wright was there. Good byes are never easy but today congresswoman Gabby Giffords kept up her smile. As she lived through her last event in the congressional district. A rare public appearance after what happened one year ago. Congresswoman Gabrielle Giffords Democrat of Tucson Arizona. Shop while holding an event outside shooting at a Safeway parking lot turned Giffords Congress on Your Corner ", "doctors are confident. She can handle it. Congresswoman  Gabby Giffords  felt some on her face for the first time since the shootings band. The 22 year old is due in court Monday morning.  Gabby Giffords  fights to make her husband's prediction. A reality ", 'always risky but her doctors are confident. She can handle it. Congresswoman Gabby Giffords felt -- some on her face for the first time since the shootings nearly two weeks ago. Leaving the hospital but not ', "band. The 22 year old is due in court Monday morning. -- Gabby Giffords fights to make her husband's prediction. A reality. -- may be leaving Tucson for awhile but her husband promises. She will not ", 'assassination of  congresswoman Gabrielle Giffords . And after so Taylor Green. To  congresswoman Giffords  event. Is now anguish. When He  Congresswoman Giffords  fall slow slide ', "charges He faces for the -- shooting including the attempted assassination of congresswoman Gabrielle Giffords . And after so much encouraging news Giffords is experiencing a complication that's capturing intensive care and delayed the start of her rehab. ", 'And to move forward even when you think you. Now. A year ago a lone assassin a suburban supermarket  congresswoman Gabrielle Giffords  meeting with constituents. And in seconds a federal judge a nine year old girl and four others. All ', 'think you. Now. A year ago a lone assassin a suburban supermarket congresswoman Gabrielle Giffords meeting with constituents. And in seconds a federal judge a nine year old girl and four others. All have died. Giffords critically ', 'Returned it back colleague who is the personification. Of Paris. Of sincerity of that and admiration throughout the country. Congresswoman.  Gabby Giffords .', 'Of Paris. Of sincerity of that and admiration throughout the country. Congresswoman. Gabby Giffords . -- -- ', "To just about everyone she's just daddy.  Congresswoman Giffords  is inspired loyalty and love in so many one of memory intern Daniel Hernandez. When the bullets rang out He ran toward that ", "To just about everyone she's just daddy. Congresswoman Giffords is inspired loyalty and love in so many one of memory intern Daniel Hernandez. When the bullets rang out He ran toward ", "and more complex thought that requires words. That's where she's had trouble by the end of this month  congresswoman Giffords  will be released from the memorial Hermann hospital where she has lived since January. She will continue her ", "words. That's where she's had trouble by the end of this month congresswoman Giffords will be released from the memorial Hermann hospital where she has lived since January. She will continue her rehab is an outpatient "]