['The president unveils new proposals to jump start debate for more American jobs.', "baby who will look. But the new There on ordinary modern fairy tales and then there's this. From waited tables for a  minimum wage . Imagine F 5000 dollars a day. too little too often it's very do you. we'll get used to painful from the Kenya and ", "carrying a baby will look. But the new And ordinary modern fairy tales. And then there's this. I am waiting tables turned  minimum wage  tonight at 5000 dollars a day. Sliced into office that's very nice to ruin We'll get used to full looking and the important ", "tales. And then there's this. -- -- I am waiting tables turned minimum wage tonight at 5000 dollars a day. Sliced into office that's very nice to ruin -- We'll get used to -- full -- ", 'today a full time worker making the  minimum wage  earns. 141500. Dollars a year. Even The family two kids that earns the  minimum wage  still lives below the poverty line the last on this congress raised the  minimum wage . Nineteen states have chosen to bump ', "work with honest wages. But today a full time worker making the minimum wage earns. 141500. Dollars a year. Even win the tax relief we put in place. The family -- two kids that earns the minimum wage still lives below the poverty line. That's wrong. That's why since the last on this congress raised the minimum wage . Nineteen states have chosen to bump there is even higher. Tonight. Let's declare that in the wealthiest nation on earth. No one ", "working folks shouldn't have to wait a year after year for the minimum wage to go up while CEO pay has never -- higher. So here's an idea that governor Romney and I actually agreed on last year. Let's -- the minimum wage to the cost of living so that it finally become the -- you can live off. ", "you need to go to the bathroom. Reporter: Their class action lawsuit claimed hourly employees weren't always paid the  minimum wage  of 8 bucks, were denied overtime and have no idea what happened to some of their tips. Handwritten paychecks sometimes ", "Reporter: Their class action lawsuit claimed hourly employees weren't always paid the minimum wage of 8 bucks, were denied overtime and have no idea what happened to some of their tips. Handwritten paychecks sometimes. There was ", 'internships may now be numbered if a court ruling holds. Federal judge has ruled that fox searchlight pictures violated  minimum wage  and overtime laws by not paying Who worked on the production of the 2010 movie Black Swan. The judge said the students did ', 'court ruling holds. Federal judge has ruled that fox searchlight pictures violated minimum wage and overtime laws by not paying -- -- Who worked on the production of the 2010 movie Black Swan. The judge said ', "will be the first city in the nation with a  minimum wage  above ten dollars. The city by the today raises its  minimum wage  every year using a formula that's tied to it's an increase of 32 cents over the current  minimum wage .", "Seven Cisco will be the first city in the nation with a minimum wage above ten dollars. The city by the today raises its minimum wage every year using a formula that's tied to inflation. For 2012 -- new wage comes out to 1024. Hour it's an increase of 32 cents over the current minimum wage . ", "in the state of the union to raise the  minimum wage  in america. He said he wants to raise controversial new proposal -- raising the  minimum wage . It's time for an increase the  minimum wage , because if you work full time, you ", "the president's proposal in the state of the union to raise the minimum wage in america. He said he wants to raise it from $7.25 an hour to $9, tied to inflation. And that will effect ", "asheville, north carolina, touting his most controversial new proposal -- raising the minimum wage . It's time for an increase the minimum wage , because if you work full time, you shouldn't be in poverty. Reporter: Lucas case of henderson county, north carolina, is a high school grad who couldn't afford college. He makes the minimum wage washing dishes. Well, it's not fun living paycheck to paycheck. Reporter: Working 30 hours a week, he earns just $217 dollars a week. A raise to $9 an hour would mean $52 a week more in his paycheck. What would he do with the extra money? Be able to do more things, have a better life. Reporter: The raise would be enough to lift at least some people out of poverty. A full-time minimum wage worker earns $14,500 a year. For a single parent with a child, that's below the federal poverty line. 9 an hour means the annual salary of $18,000, slightly above the poverty level. But critics say there's a big downside. Raise the minimum wage and companies won't be able to hire as many workers. Why would we want to make it harder for small employers to hire people? Reporter: As evidence, they point to the unemployment rate among young people, who are the most likely to earn minimum wage . Youth unappointment went up after the minimum wage increased six years ago and now stands at nearly 24 pshgt, much higher than the overall rate. The president faces a big uphill fight in this in congress from republicans who say raising the minimum wage would only send the unemployment rate higher. As one senate republican told me today, the last thing employers need right now is ", "in congress about raising the federal  minimum wage  from five dollars and fifteen cents Betsy Stark takes a closer look. The  minimum wage  and the debate over raising both seem forty hour work week ought to earn a  minimum wage  that's worth living unintended consequences ", "The issue being fiercely debated in congress about raising the federal minimum wage from five dollars and fifteen cents an hour to seven dollars and 25 cents an hour over the next three years. It is a political war about jobs and justice not to mention the Oprah factor ABC's Betsy Stark takes -- a closer look. The minimum wage and the debate over raising both seem to be trapped in time. People who work a forty hour work week ought to earn a minimum wage that's worth living -- unintended consequences of this action today. Will hurt the very people it's supposed to help for the nearly two million Americans who -- For the minimum wage for ten -- status quo has been painful. -- of their wages have stood still. Rents have gone up 34%. The cost of seeing a doctor is up 30%. A gallon of milk is 29%. -- a gallon of gas has more than doubled. It takes a minimum wage worker. Working eleven hours merely. To fill there on -- gas never in the history of the minimum wage has congress gone this long without raising -- -- considering now. Polls show 80% of Americans -- it it's an election year and congress has voted -- self ten pay raises while giving workers nothing. Today's Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid also speculated on the power of -- want to and I say this seriously Oprah. Millions of people watch that show. On the day the house voted to increase the minimum wage Oprah was talking about the tragedy of living on 515 an hour. Why wouldn't this be a priority in government if you ", "Need help now a bill to increase the nation's  minimum wage  has come up in every session of congress since 1997 it. The bill being considered now would increase the  minimum wage  from five dollars and fifteen cents an hour to 725 ", "Need help now a bill to increase the nation's minimum wage has come up in every session of congress since 1997. In the last year it was increased. Unlike previous years when Republicans controlled the national legislature experts expected bills to pass in this new congress it. The bill being considered now would increase the minimum wage from five dollars and fifteen cents an hour to 725. An hour. And the hike would be phased in over the next ", "Too often they're forced to do. What they do in a shadow economy shady importers can exploit them by paying less the  minimum wage  making them work without overtime not giving them any benefits. That pushes down standards for all workers it's bad for ", "shadow economy -- shady importers can exploit them by paying less the minimum wage making them work without overtime not giving them any benefits. That pushes down standards for all workers it's bad for everybody. Because ", "that simple principle and it's a powerful. And now's the time to make sure that. You know we are putting in place a  minimum wage . That you can Because 60%. We do all this and and this will be part of our broader agenda to create good jobs and to strengthen ", 'to make sure that. You know we are putting in place a minimum wage . That you can -- -- Because 60%. -- We do all this and and this will be part of our broader agenda ', 'said for instance that. The  minimum wage  should be abolished that is not tossed out used to land on.  Minimum wage  voted out in the debate today am not full war decreasing the  minimum wage . There was a press conference ', "who have vying for office. Some have said for instance that. The minimum wage should be abolished that is not constitutionally. Authorized -- mandated. That unemployment benefits and not constitutionally. Mandated and therefore shouldn't -- -- -- for being tossed out -- used to land on. Minimum wage voted out in the debate today. I clearly am not full war decreasing the minimum wage . There was a press conference this week within the endorsement -- -- in the debate this morning. And I was speaking about increasing the -- and how we should look at. And understand its economic impact that I absolutely. What do not consider. Lowering the minimum -- and you wouldn't and the consider abolishing minimum wage . Now that's that's noted that none -- -- -- A 25 in the -- -- about a dollar higher than the national ", 'First  minimum wage  increase in nearly a decade. The will increase from 515 an hour to 725. Over two years that means that  minimum wage  workers working a forty hour work week. Stand to earn an extra who thousand dollars per year.', 'First minimum wage increase in nearly a decade. The -- will increase from 515 an hour to 725. Over two years that means that minimum wage workers working a forty hour work week. Stand to earn an extra who -- thousand dollars per year. ', "Maryland's Department of Labor where he helped implement the country's first state wide.  Living wage  law because he understood that a  minimum wage  should be a wage that you can live long. In his current role as the head of the US Justice ", "Department of Labor where he helped implement the country's first state wide. Living wage law because he understood that a minimum wage should be a wage that you can live long. In his current role as the head of the US Justice Department civil ", "it is suppose so you keep that what about the  minimum wage .  Minimum wage  is something that FDR put in a long time ago during hasn't solved any problems in fifty years. The  minimum wage  is not something that you stay on as a permanent ", "I think it is suppose so you keep that what about the minimum wage . Minimum wage is something that FDR put in a long time ago during the depression I don't think it worked during the depression didn't solve any problems back then and hasn't solved any problems in fifty years. The minimum wage is not something that you -- -- stay on as a permanent basis in other words if you have a minimum wage job you don't stay there twenty or thirty years you don't butcher children through college. Working on minimum wage . One of the best things that I can think and when you get government out of the let's say micro managing the ", "she was asked by reporters. About the  minimum wage . And whether to cut it she said she no absolutely not we will not cut the  minimum wage  people are struggling. Economically it was relative to an increase in the  minimum wage  that's mischaracterization. I just ", "dollars that is back. When she was asked by reporters. About the minimum wage . And whether to cut it she said she would have to look at. I would never said. Such a thing my answer would have been no absolutely not we will not cut the minimum wage people are struggling. Economically. In our state and our nation. This isn't -- every second. Mr. -- it's -- very well that when I was talking about taking a look at in considering it was relative to an increase in the minimum wage that's mischaracterization. I just won't stand for his -- characterization of that. And I do think mr. Blumenthal -- if you understood ", "in the state of the union to raise the  minimum wage  America. He said he wants to raise it controversial new proposal raising the  minimum wage  it's time for increase the  minimum wage  because if you work. Shouldn't be Lucas ", "the president's proposal in the state of the union to raise the minimum wage -- America. He said he wants to raise it from seven dollars and 25 cents an hour to nine dollars tied to ", "-- Asheville, North Carolina. Touting his most controversial new proposal raising the minimum wage it's time for -- increase -- the minimum wage because if you work. Shouldn't be -- Lucas case of Henderson county North Carolina is a high school grad who couldn't afford college he makes the minimum wage washing dishes. For a fun live and they take -- -- Working thirty hours a week -- concerns just 217. Dollars -- -- to nine dollars an hour would mean 52 dollars a week more in his paycheck. What would -- do with the extra money. There would do more things. Of their lives. The rays would be enough to lift at least some people out of poverty. A full time minimum wage worker earns 141500. Dollars a year for a single parent with a child that's below the federal poverty line. Nine dollars an hour means an annual salary of 181000 dollars slightly above the poverty level. But critics say there's a big downside raise the minimum wage and employers won't be able to hire as many workers -- why would we want to make it harder. -- for small employers. To hire people as evidence they point to the unemployment rate among young people for the most likely to earn the minimum wage . Youth unemployment -- off after the minimum wage was increased six years ago. And now stands at nearly 24 -- Much higher than the overall unemployment rate. The president faces a big uphill fight on this in congress from Republican to say. That raising the minimum wage would only send the unemployment rate higher as one senate Republican. Told me today the last thing employers need right now is ", 'today a full time worker making the  minimum wage  earns. 141500. Dollars a year. Even The family two kids that earns the  minimum wage  still lives below the poverty line since the last this congress raised the  minimum wage . Nineteen states have chosen to bump ', "work -- honest wages. But today a full time worker making the minimum wage earns. 141500. Dollars a year. Even -- the tax relief we put in place. The family -- two kids that earns the minimum wage still lives below the poverty line. That's wrong. That's why since the last -- this congress raised the minimum wage . Nineteen states have chosen to bump there is even higher. Tonight. Let's declare that in the wealthiest nation on our. No one ", "working folks shouldn't have to wait a year after year for the minimum wage to go up while CEO pay has never been higher. So here's an idea of the governor Romney and I actually agreed on Lester. Let's talk the minimum wage of the cost of living so that it finally becomes a -- you can live off. Tonight let's also recognize that there ", 'should the federal government being. Requiring that is clearly up to the states we believe in fact the state of Alaska has a  minimum wage  which is higher than the federal level because our state leaders and made that determination. At the minimum level that ', 'the states we believe in fact the state of Alaska has a minimum wage which is higher than the federal level because our state leaders and made that determination. At the minimum level -- that should ']