['Rep .  Dan Lungren , (R-Calif.), on efforts to repeal the 1099 provision of the health-care law that creates more paperwork and costs for small business.', 'Congress unveiled a new search engine Wednesday to help politicos, lobbyists, researchers, students and any other interested citizens find legislation working its wa...', "When Rep. Paul Ryan delivers the Republican response to President Barack Obama's State of the Union address Tuesday, many viewers will get their first look at a man ...", 'If Democratic leaders were trying to bring national attention to migrant farm labor by inviting comedian Stephen Colbert to a House panel hearing on Friday, they app...', 'Since his first House campaign a dozen years ago, would-be Arizona Sen. Jeff Flake has worked diligently to cast himself as a conservative gadfly, willing to buck GO...', 'What would you pay for a car that gets 100 mpg?$20,000?$50,000?How about $1,000,000,000?Rep. Dan Lungren , R-Calif., has introduced a bill in Congress offering a bil...', 'As a candidate, Barack Obama once endorsed a ban on handguns and favored restrictions on the purchase and possession of firearms. So when gun owners heard of Operati...', 'House Judiciary Committee Chairman Lamar Smith, R-Texas, has sent a "member to member" letter to Rep. John Conyers, D-Mich., the top Democrat on the panel, to take h...', 'Obama, Democrats Move Closer Than Ever to Remaking Health Care Yet Remain Far Away', 'With the Senate Finance Committee poised to approve its version of health reform this week, Barack Obama is closer than any other president in history to remaking he...', "Washington's most infamous party crashers pleaded the Fifth Amendment 31 times at a House hearing investigating their entry into a White House State Dinner in Novemb...", 'Rep .  Dan Lungren  (R-CA) shares his insight on the behind-the-scenes vetting process to choose a VP candidate for John McCain.', 'A late spending splurge by outside political groups helped Republicans take over the House two years ago. The floodgates are opening again, but this time Democrats s...', 'California rep responsible for welcoming new members locked in tight race, ballots still being counted', "Republican Rep. Dan Lungren knows what it's like to have a big bull's eye plastered on his back.The Democratic Party and labor and environmental groups have spent $4..."]