['Producers of  BBC  have come under fire for a scene involving some polar bears. This video Arctic habitat in reality. It was shot at a zoo in Germany. The show  frozen planet  is accused of being unethical but producers say it was all during the ', "Producers of -- BBC -- have come under fire for -- a scene involving some polar bears. This video shows a mother bear feeding her -- and what looks like they're natural Arctic habitat in reality. It was shot at a zoo in Germany. The show frozen planet is accused of being unethical but producers say it was all -- during the show and online and was not misleading at ", 'down the Pete and penny on high on the way to that big premier headed to New York City for  frozen planet . Documentary soon to debut on the  Discovery Channel . They needed all right waddling down the red or in this case blue carpet the documentary ', 'the way to that big premier headed to New York City for frozen planet . Documentary soon to debut on the Discovery Channel . They needed all right waddling down the red or in this case blue carpet the documentary spent five months -- penguin colony ', "the I didn't penguins. This these penguins were flying to New York for the premiere of a movie called  frozen planet . On  Discovery Channel  out in the evening everything turns out there are a lot of penguins who have showed on planes or videos ", 'were flying to New York for the premiere of a movie called frozen planet . On Discovery Channel out -- in the evening -- everything turns out there are a lot of penguins who have showed on planes or videos ', "But tiny crystalline sculpture unlike any other ever we never the two legged animals that bring us the  discovery channel 's  frozen planet . Nature as always the star. You dealing there with your hands wet in this. All just rises up while the ", "ever we never -- the two legged animals that bring us the discovery channel's frozen planet -- -- Nature as always the star. You -- dealing there with your hands wet in this. All -- just rises up "]