['This content comes from Closed Captioning that was broadcast along with this program.', ', missouri and across much of the football world after a horrible tragedy that has left an nfl star player and his girlfriend dead in an apparent murder-suicide. police say ', ' linebacker jovon belcher shot the woman before he headed to the stadium he was expected to play in tomorrow afternoon. it was there he turned the gun on himself. we go to ', " but there is a lot of sorrow here right now after a deadly day ended not far from where i'm standing. shortly before 8:00 this morning, gunfire erupted at this ", 'when we arrived, a lady came out and said her daughter had been shot by her boyfriend several times inside the residence. we went in the residence. she was taken to the local hospital where she died a short time later.', '. when the officers pulled up they actually observed a black male who had a gun to his head and was talking to a couple coaches.', 'officers pulled up and began to park and that is when they heard the gunshot. it appears the individual took his own life.', '. the victim is identified as his 22-year-old girlfriend cassandra perkins and mother of his 3-month-old child.', "we heard they had been arguing in the past as far as recently they've been arguing before the shooting occurred this morning.", '. undrafted he made it to the nfl the hard way. he played every game since joining the chiefs in ', '. his last conversations were with his coach and general manager apparently thanking them for all they had done for him before pulling the trigger. a statement released this afternoon by the chiefs ceo ', ' reads in part, our collective hearts are heavy with sympathy, thoughts, and prayers for the families and friends affected by this unthinkable tragedy. as for the team, the murder-suicide scars a 1-10 season filled with injuries and disappointment, but on this day wins and losses are put in perspective. the aunt of the victim released a statement saying our family has suffered a tragic loss. my heart goes out to my family as well as his. lester, the stadium will reopen tomorrow when the chiefs host the ', '. no doubt right now this is a challenging time for this city and of course the organization.']