['wearing their tuxedos!" Pete and Penny were on their way to New York for the premiere of the upcoming  Discovery Channel / BBC  series " Frozen Planet ." The show is from the makers of the highly popular "Planet Earth" series and premieres Sunday ', 'for short periods.) The video feed has been set up in celebration of " Frozen Planet ," the natural history series, co-produced by the  Discovery Channel  and the  BBC , focusing on the earth\'s polar regions. The show is from the makers of ', 'morning, the UK Mirror reports that  BBC  has faked an animal scene . And not just any animal scene - the  BBC  reportedly shot polar bears in a zoo all shots in their new documentary " Frozen Planet " were actually in the wild. WILD ', 'the makers of the  BBC \'s landmark \' Frozen Planet \' series have landed zoo. So, was the  BBC  unethical to do so series\' narrator Sir  David Attenborough  explains that "If could leave out of  Frozen Planet ." The  BBC \'s seven ', "are back. Would  frozen planet . Going to even greater that bring us the  discovery channel 's  frozen planet . Of nature is always army of intrepid  BBC  directors and photographers Vanessa are part of the  frozen planet  The gig that makes ", "before. We never see the two legged animals that bring us the discovery channel's frozen planet Of nature is always the star. But without a small army of intrepid BBC directors and photographers spending years in conditions you cannot imagine. We are not fully appreciate the magnificence of this planet. We've never ", 'Producers of  BBC  have come under fire for a scene involving some polar bears. This video Arctic habitat in reality. It was shot at a zoo in Germany. The show  frozen planet  is accused of being unethical but producers say it was all during the ', "Producers of -- BBC -- have come under fire for -- a scene involving some polar bears. This video shows a mother bear feeding her -- and what looks like they're natural Arctic habitat in reality. It was shot at a zoo in Germany. The show frozen planet is accused of being unethical but producers say it was all -- during the show and online and was not misleading at ", 'down the Pete and penny on high on the way to that big premier headed to New York City for  frozen planet . Documentary soon to debut on the  Discovery Channel . They needed all right waddling down the red or in this case blue carpet the documentary ', 'the way to that big premier headed to New York City for frozen planet . Documentary soon to debut on the Discovery Channel . They needed all right waddling down the red or in this case blue carpet the documentary spent five months -- penguin colony ', "the I didn't penguins. This these penguins were flying to New York for the premiere of a movie called  frozen planet . On  Discovery Channel  out in the evening everything turns out there are a lot of penguins who have showed on planes or videos ", 'were flying to New York for the premiere of a movie called frozen planet . On Discovery Channel out -- in the evening -- everything turns out there are a lot of penguins who have showed on planes or videos ', "But tiny crystalline sculpture unlike any other ever we never the two legged animals that bring us the  discovery channel 's  frozen planet . Nature as always the star. You dealing there with your hands wet in this. All just rises up while the ", "ever we never -- the two legged animals that bring us the discovery channel's frozen planet -- -- Nature as always the star. You -- dealing there with your hands wet in this. All -- just rises up "]