[' Lenny Ignelzi / AP An existing occupied home sits for sale next to new homes under construction Wednesday April 17, 2013 in Carlsbad, Calif. Tight supplies of for-sale listings kept a lid on contracts to buy existing homes last March, a new survey said Monday.The Pending Home Sales Index from the National Association of Realtors increased  1.5 percent month to month. It is 7 percent higher than March of 2012. These numbers represent signed contracts, not closings, and are therefore an  indicator of future final sales."Contract activity has been in a narrow range in recent months, not from a  pause in demand but because of limited supply," said the Realtors\' chief  economist Lawrence Yun in a release. "Little movement is expected in the  near-term sales closings, but they should edge up modestly as the year  progresses. Read More: Despite Rising Demand, Some Builders Slow  ProductionListings were down 17 percent in March from a year ago, according to the  Realtors, with several factors affecting inventories. Millions of Americans  still owe more on their mortgages than their homes are worth, and that makes it  impossible for them to move without incurring major expense. Others are watching home prices rise and may be waiting to see just how high  they go before listing their homes. Meanwhile home builders, while trying to ramp up production, are faced with a  lack of land, labor and materials. Single family starts were at a seasonally  adjusted annual rate of just 619,000 units, an improvement from the worst of the  crash but far below historical norms. Read More: Map: Tracking the US Real Estate RecoveryRegionally, the Realtors\' pending home sales index was unchanged in the  Northeast from February, up 0.3 percent in the Midwest, up 2.7 percent in the  South and up 1.5 percent in the West. Existing home sales in March, based on closings, fell just under one percent  in March. While higher than a year ago, home sales appear to have leveled off,  despite this being the normally busy spring season. ']