['Fox has reportedly postponed premiere to give writers time to craft an appropriate sendoff.', 'with the latest on  cory monteith . How his shocking Reporter: If " glee " had a face, it belongs to  cory monteith . His death at private matter.  Lea michele , monteith\'s co-star on " glee ." And since 2012 ', 'the co-creator of " glee " about how they are handling the death of  cory monteith . We are learning about the story. Reporter: " Glee " co-creator says the by a week was made by  lea michele . In tv line, murphy ', 'there was a wrong way. We are talking to the co-creator of " glee " about how they are handling the death of cory monteith . We are learning about an intervention. His family members are making their first comments after his death. Linzie janis has the story. Reporter: " Glee " co-creator says the decision to delay the start of the show by a week was made by lea michele . In tv line, murphy says she was adamant that they get back together sooner rather than later so mortgages could be paid ', 'tonight in the death of  cory monteith , the compelling star of the  hit show  " glee ," singing the sweet trip of his life, " glee " star  cory monteith  recorded this video Reporter: Co-star  jane lynch , on the "tonight ', 'Now we have new information tonight in the death of cory monteith , the compelling star of the hit show " glee ," singing the sweet songs but battling heroin addiction. He recently tried rehab. Abc\'s neal karlinsky tells us some time after rehab your body can be at even greater risk. Reporter: On what would turn out to be the last plane trip of his life, " glee " star cory monteith recorded this video for a fan. Stay out of trouble, and stay in school. Reporter: Co-star jane lynch , on the "tonight show" overnight, offered her own version of what so many have said -- monteith was a humble man with ', 'death of " glee " star  cory monteith . An autopsy hotel where  cory monteith  died on saturday tv show " glee " he was unlikely  glee  club member 31-year-old  cory monteith  was found co-star  matthew morrison  dedicating watched " glee " regularly girlfriend  lea michele . She even ', 'Lea Michele ,  Cory Monteith\'s  girlfriend and " Glee " co-star, releases statement on his death.', 'after the death of actor  cory monteith  whose open, boyish face part of the tv series " glee ." But there was another the courage to join the  glee  clib. But when 31-year-old  cory monteith \'s body was found saturday ', 'Matthew Morrison  opened Sunday concert in New York City by calling his  glee  costar Corey A brother. As instructor mr. Shuster on the fox show. Morse and share its statement on for a number of songs. Are tapping the boy bands sound instincts. Bye bye', 'Matthew Morrison opened -- Sunday concert in New York City by calling his glee costar Corey -- A brother. As -- instructor mr. Shuster on the fox show. Morse and share its statement on -- for ', 'achieved great on the popular TV series  glee . Vancouver police said the cause played one of best friends puck on  glee . Simply wrote the word no  Kristin Chenoweth  who also appeared on the show writes ', 'like mark sailing who played one of -- best friends puck on glee . Simply wrote the word no Kristin Chenoweth who also appeared on the show writes all right. -- -- -- -- -- -- Montes was famously involved on screen and ', 'details on how " glee " will go on This morning  ryan murphy , the co-creator of " glee " says the popular options for " glee ." Canceling Writing off the  lea michele  character if situation."  Ryan murphy  didn\'t say ', 'Now we have the late news about the star of " glee ,"  cory monteith , proving what a lot of people feared, that even Tonight the investigation into the untiekly death of  cory monteith  has the ending friends feared. The coroner 2kr78d ', 'Now we have the late news about the star of " glee ," cory monteith , proving what a lot of people feared, that even as he was singing high school songs, he was struggling. The autopsy report just in tonight says heroin and alcohol his life. Neal karlinsky back on the story for us again. Reporter: Tonight the investigation into the untiekly death of cory monteith has the ending friends feared. The coroner 2kr78d that the 31-year-old died of a mix of toxicity involving heroin and alcohol, the ', 'death of actor  cory monteith . Millions know tv series " glee ." Behind the Reporter:  Cory monteith , playing his hit series " glee ." I have really the screen,  lea michele  saying at the puck, on  glee , simply said ', 'Foreigners. Good evening. Shortly after noon today thank police received a call from the BC ambulance service regarding a sudden death. In a room 121 floor of the Fairmont Pacific rim hotel. At 1038 Canada place in downtown Vancouver. These attended the room within minutes of the call and', "One of the first songs that showed off a vocal strength Montes came during the 2009 pilot episode of  glee . As Hudson. Areas with can't fight this feeling. Okay.", "a vocal strength -- Montes came during the 2009 pilot episode of glee . As -- Hudson. Areas with can't fight this feeling. Okay. ", "As Finn Hudson on Fox's  glee  heartthrob actor Corey Montes gained a female following with the power of his voice. What are the numbers finally remembered by fans was used to win over classmate Rachel Barry played by real life girlfriend lea Michelle. Take a look.", "As Finn Hudson on Fox's glee heartthrob actor Corey Montes gained a female following with the power of his voice. What are the numbers finally remembered by fans ", "The unexpected death of has left  glee  fans around the world stunt. Years playing Produce memorable moments which might now be best enjoy. By singing a Here's the song that propelled Montes career on the hit fox show don't stop believe.", 'The unexpected death of -- -- has left glee fans around the world stunt. Years playing -- -- Produce memorable moments which might now be best enjoy. By singing a -- ', 'Actor Corey shared an on and off screen romance with  glee  costar lea Michelle. The Hollywood couple Hudson and Rachel Berry on the fox show and from the fourth season. Here they are with the performance of Bob seniors we got tonight.', 'Actor Corey -- shared an on and off screen romance with glee costar lea Michelle. The Hollywood couple -- -- -- Hudson and Rachel Berry on the fox show and from the fourth season. ', 'Generations of music lovers can now come to for adorning  glee  fans  Jane Lynch  and  Olivia Newton - John  recorded a remake of physical for the upcoming episode of take a listen.', 'Generations of music lovers can now come to -- for adorning glee fans Jane Lynch and Olivia Newton recorded a remake of physical for the upcoming episode of -- take a listen. ', 'Cory monteith \'s shocking death presenting shocking news that  cory monteith , we knew he had problem you know, he was with  lea michele  in a relationship just -- she is --  ryan murphy , the founder of " glee " is devastated. Who ', 'Seemed very happy. And clearly I think, you know, he was with lea michele in a relationship. She was in mexico on vacation. Clearly people around him felt he was okay to be by himself. He wasn\'t being monitored that carefully so everyone is absolutely just -- she is -- ryan murphy , the founder of " glee " is devastated. Who is behind the unmasking of jk rowling. Sounds like "the sunday times of london" got a tip. Worldwide sales ', 'transcended. Generations when it came on. About a high school  glee  club. And he of course the jock you know what I want one of the teens who decided to become a part of the  glee  club even though he knew that he would be read by his ', '-- it transcended. Generations when it came on. About a high school glee club. And he of course the jock -- you know what I want one of the teens who decided to become a part of the glee club even though he knew that he would be read by his. And his teammates out. Here is -- in action some ']