['you\'ve ran a marathon." Also, it\'s no surprise that after recently revealing he wants a big family with his " Gossip Girl " wife, that he\'s great with kids. See Why Ryan\'s Scared He\'ll Only Have Sons with Blake The "Green Lantern ', 'In the latest issues of Details Magazine, Ryan Reynolds opens up about how he wants a large family with wife and " Gossip Girl " star Blake Lively, whom he married in 2012. But the "Turbo" star, 36, told the magazine that growing up with ', 'filed in May and obtained by ABCNews.com, the former " Gossip Girl " star claims total debts of over $2 million and $23 538.42 per month she made on her final season of " Gossip Girl ," which wrapped last December. According to the documents ', 'They\'re not alone: Here are other famous exes who worked together post-break up. Blake Lively and Penn Badgley Their " Gossip Girl " alter egos may have ended up together, but Blake Lively\'s real-life romance with Penn Badgley wasn\'t meant to ', "Spotted Around Town: Julianne Hough on a 'Girls Weekend,' Bethenny Frankel Spinning-and More", 'festival with pals. "It was a total girls weekend for her," says a source of Hough, who spent some time with former " Gossip Girl " star Jessica Szohr . "She was having a great time dancing and going on all the rides with her girlfriends." But ', 'and took the lead in comedies "You Again" and "Couples Retreat." The 32-year-old star gave her voice to " Gossip Girl " in the hit CW series and she currently stars alongside Don Cheadle in the Showtime series "House of Lies." Bell ', 'Body Image, Career While the show\'s squeaky-clean story lines were tame compared with today\'s teen hits like " Gossip Girl ," the real lives of the cast members became fodder for the tabloids and gossip magazines. Diamond, now 36, went ', 'Deadline , multiple New York-based TV series suspended production today in anticipation of the storm, including " Gossip Girl ," "The Good Wife," "30 Rock," "Law & Order: SVU," "Smash," and "666 Park Avenue." For now, New York\'s ', 'obtained by the magazine. Earlier this week, Lively flashed her monstrous engagement ring on the set of her show " Gossip Girl ." Rosie O\'Donnell and Michelle Rounds Rosie O\'Donnell had been planning an August wedding with fiancee Michelle ', 'Meet the 35 Hottest Latinos in Entertainment, According to the Hollywood Reporter', 'October cover girl stars in Fun Size , a Halloween-themed coming of age comedy from Josh Schwartz, the creator of  Gossip Girl  . No glaring omissions on the list, but here are a few people to look out for in 2013: Cierra Ramirez , who played ', 'other star moms who have lost custody of their children. Click through to read about four others. Kelly Rutherford " Gossip Girl " star Kelly Rutherford broke down in tears last week on "The View" while talking about her custody battle with ex-husband ', 'would abduct their kids. Rutherford, who portrays the glamorous matriarch Lily Van der Woodsen on the hit series " Gossip Girl ," had joint custody with her ex-husband Daniel Giersch of their two kids, ages 3 and 5. On August 28, Judge Theresa ', "Welcome back to Good Morning America now I'm heights then the hit show  Gossip Girl  is based on an anonymous on the blogger Hugh dishes inside scoop on group that. Privileged prep school upper east nineteenth ", "to Good Morning America now I'm heights -- then the hit show Gossip Girl is based on an anonymous on the -- blogger Hugh dishes inside scoop on group that. Privileged prep school upper east nineteenth. ", "Blake lively Hollywood boss and  Gossip Girl . And we've got a clip from the so what kind of that He you like  Gossip Girl  so I'm playing Jane it's okay I've enjoyed being a part of  Gossip Girl  and that part of it. And I kind ", "now she's back on TV she's played Blake lively Hollywood boss and Gossip Girl . And we've got a clip from the show check it out. I'm not -- anyone total -- Comes in trouble. Little reminder ", "-- right now so what kind of that He -- you like Gossip Girl so I'm playing Jane it's okay I am way. High powered Hollywood producer and Serena comes to work for me in all ", "first -- so for many reasons I've enjoyed being a part of Gossip Girl and -- that part of it. And I kind of had to get it out of my system and I would. Walked ", 'life drama for prime time TV star  Gossip Girl  Leighton Meester is suing Saying of the show who On the hit show  Gossip Girl  Leighton character Blair Waldorf known for her TV you rollers and  Gossip Girl  and Toronto. Recently performing ', 'Now some real life drama for prime time TV star Gossip Girl Leighton Meester is suing -- Saying she stole money -- sense for her little Brothers -- charged with Constance and eastern -- ', 'life drama worthy of the show who -- On the hit show Gossip Girl Leighton -- character Blair Waldorf has a good relationship with her mother and -- is reason enough to move but. But life ', '25 year old is best known for her TV you rollers and Gossip Girl and -- Toronto. Recently performing alongside when -- -- throw in the movie country strong and get too concerned that now. -- ', 'highly anticipated season finale of  Gossip Girl  is Monday may seventeenth since known as the Waldorf family made on  Gossip Girl . Welcomes is on thanks so much such a cool character and also.  Gossip Girl  fans are so. Incredible that ', 'And the highly anticipated season finale of Gossip Girl is Monday may seventeenth since joining us now from Los Angeles to -- all the -- politics fact his actors to do is on action -- also known as -- the Waldorf family made on Gossip Girl . Welcomes is on -- thanks so much for joining us today. Hello thank you for having me so can you bring us ', "it's an honor took to play such a cool character and also. Gossip Girl fans are so. Incredible that. You know just to feel their love is. Is a huge round I what I -- it ", "those behind the scenes juicy details on the hit show  Gossip Girl  one of my favorites of all time Kelly it is so great seasons at Madison and happy and thank you him. Click  Gossip Girl  airs Monday nights at 9 o'clock on the CW that is on ", '-- those behind the scenes juicy details on the -- hit show Gossip Girl one of my favorites of all time Kelly it is so great to see you thank you media to you and congratulations ', "and seasons at Madison and happy and thank you -- him. Click Gossip Girl airs Monday nights at 9 o'clock on the CW that is on the we have Fareed and parent here and philosophy. ", "you're a fan of the hit show  Gossip Girl  the empire hotel delivers in a tell about. What I think we're  Gossip Girl  first came to us they really just so your wife Barbara have some  Gossip Girl  that when I looked at bats. Me ", "place. That inspired you. If you're a fan of the hit show Gossip Girl the empire hotel delivers in a big way because you can stay in play. Right where they filmed the show. With 420. ", "it. That little extra boost tell -- about. What I think we're Gossip Girl first came to us they really just wanted to film one seen here at hotel. I guess -- got really good feedback from their fans and -- -- would you like to include the hotel is kind of an ongoing. Characters in the show. And so it's that we think we'd like that and so your wife Barbara have some Gossip Girl -- -- that -- when I looked at bats. Me up out the wheel that -- its -- did I did Christina ", "a call from. people that. This lovely girl from the  Gossip Girl . Maybe Leighton Meester who I do for months I hadn't seen  Gossip Girl  before and the a big show. I'd not to on that she's ", "get a call from. -- people that. This lovely girl from the Gossip Girl . Maybe Leighton Meester who I do for months -- I hadn't seen Gossip Girl before and the -- a big show. I'd -- not to -- -- on that she's great. And so I. Idea citizen "]