['ET For 50 years, " General Hospital " has entertained and Geary, Genie Francis,  Maurice Benard , Jack Wagner, Rick also look at how " General Hospital " has been the launching by Katie Couric, " General Hospital  - The Real Soap Dish ', 'Austin Green is taking actress and ex-girlfriend  Vanessa Marcil  Giovinazzo, the mother of his nine-year-old son Marcil Giovinazzo\'s other credits include TV\'s " General Hospital " and "Las Vegas," as well as the Nicolas Cage-Sean ', 'years ago on " General Hospital ," it was a girl to watch \' General Hospital \' when she came Part of " General Hospital \'s" new appeal been watching " General Hospital " religiously here," says  Anthony Geary , 59, who plays ', 'their 1997 teen slasher flick, I Know What You Did Last Summer. Prinze previously dated soap actress  Kimberly McCullough  ( General Hospital ). Gellar and Prinze have not yet set a wedding date, their rep said.', 'their 1997 teen slasher flick, I Know What You Did Last Summer. Prinze previously dated soap actress  Kimberly McCullough  ( General Hospital ). Gellar and Prinze have not yet set a wedding date, their rep said.', 'their 1997 teen slasher flick, I Know What You Did Last Summer. Prinze previously dated soap actress  Kimberly McCullough  ( General Hospital ). Gellar and Prinze have not yet set a wedding date, their rep said.', 'their 1997 teen slasher flick, I Know What You Did Last Summer. Prinze previously dated soap actress  Kimberly McCullough  ( General Hospital ). Gellar and Prinze have not yet set a wedding date, their rep said.', 'their 1997 teen slasher flick, I Know What You Did Last Summer. Prinze previously dated soap actress  Kimberly McCullough  ( General Hospital ). Gellar and Prinze have not yet set a wedding date, their rep said.', 'their 1997 teen slasher flick, I Know What You Did Last Summer. Prinze previously dated soap actress  Kimberly McCullough  ( General Hospital ). Gellar and Prinze have not yet set a wedding date, their rep said.', 'their 1997 teen slasher flick, I Know What You Did Last Summer. Prinze previously dated soap actress  Kimberly McCullough  ( General Hospital ). Gellar and Prinze have not yet set a wedding date, their rep said.', "Maurice Benard  has been running port years on the daytime soap  general hospital . Along the way he's Here is a scene from  general hospital . And we are thrilled Good at out EU ban on  general hospital  for a long time in your ", "Maurice Benard has been running port Charles -- mob -- -- current -- for eighteen years on the daytime soap general hospital . Along the way he's at -- kid's been married six times and been shot countless times He was nominated for a sixth time recently -- daytime Emmy award for his work on the show. Here is a scene from general hospital . And we are thrilled to have Murray's Bernard himself with us today primaries thanks for joining us I yeah. Good at -- ", 'ever. Brenda and Sonny from  general hospital  are finally tying the knot after this. So we saw that scene from  general hospital  where hanging the literally a strategy and thanks again. And  general hospital  airs weekdays on ABC.', "the most popular soap opera couple -- ever. Brenda and Sonny from general hospital are finally tying the knot after twenty years of courtship and controversy. -- -- day here's what happened at the end of ", 'your -- right -- yeah this. So we saw that scene from general hospital where hanging the -- literally a wedding eighteen years in the making. Now. Of course is not going to be easy but ', 'so bad stuff like -- -- painting strategy and thanks again. And general hospital airs weekdays on ABC. ', "with us today Emmy award winning actor Maurice Bernard who plays current us on the daytime general the daytime soap  general hospital . He's here today talking about playing a character bipolar disorder also learning to manage the condition himself ", "plays -- current us on the daytime general -- the daytime soap general hospital . He's here today talking about playing a character -- bipolar disorder also learning to manage the condition himself welcome Maurice. Think you've ", 'so pleased to be joined by  Kimberly McCullough  she is one of the soap world stars she plays Robin scorpio  general hospital  and  general hospital  nights at Kimberly thanks cool I mean I started doing  general hospital  when I was seven years old ', "We are now so pleased to be joined by Kimberly McCullough she is one of the soap world. Biggest stars she plays Robin scorpio -- general hospital and general hospital nights at Kimberly thanks so much for being here. Hello Lee showery and I am doing great I'm thrilled to have you here -- a big fan and I Al -- and the F. Sick this is -- First original scripted drama series and it had record setting ratings for the network this summer so what's it like to be a part of this new -- now. It's so cool I mean I started doing general hospital when I was seven years old so. It's really nice to do some things. -- and a little bit more -- He ", 'successful soap opera  general hospital . Anderson is here that be joined by  Bradford Anderson  He plays spin Alley not realize is the  general hospital  is the longest running fun to watch. And  general hospital  as tackled the issue ', 'today with one of the stars of the hugely successful soap opera general hospital . -- -- Anderson is here today to attack not only that -- -- -- but also an upcoming charity event that there are involved it. -- -- on this is that -- be joined by Bradford Anderson He plays -- spin Alley on GH ID on record rate over you thanks for having. Doing great and it got to ', "an adrenaline  general hospital  needed. Anybody unforgettable moment in  general hospital 's history Francis and  Anthony Geary  had played Luke Princess Diana a  general hospital  fan herself to check into  general hospital  over the years ", "on November 17 1981. It finally happened. The most unforgettable moment in general hospital's history may kiss the -- but. War on another daytime soap for that matter. The way -- and I looked at each other you're watching dynamic don't think they're so happy thirty million people tuned in. Their ID is the highest rated moment -- time history. It's just an amazing thing to have been able to participate in just. Work so exciting so -- -- and genie Francis and Anthony Geary had played Luke and Laura for more than three decades. And thirty million people when you think of that even thirty years later. You just -- I'm surprised that. We're still after thirty years talking about it. That year there was another high profile wedding. And that's bride Princess Diana a general hospital fan herself sent a special toast to celebrate and Luke and -- -- When you heard that -- -- you -- -- ", 'Generator gener " general hospital " is the longest to eight of " general hospital "\'s biggest star,  anthony geary  also known as to stop by " general hospital ." Thank you continue doing. " General hospital " has done such ', 'soap operas ever with some of its most beloved stars. Generator gener " general hospital " is the longest running soap on tv and bringing some of the hottest cast members of the past and present right here. Reporter: For 50 years it has been the hospital the nation has checked into for daily doses of star-crossed lovers, hunky mobsters and lots of nail-biting adventure. Luke, the falls. Oh. Hi. Reporter: This morning "gma" played host to eight of " general hospital "\'s biggest star, anthony geary also known as luke spencer, kim who plays scotty and genie francis, the woman whom the two actors have been fighting for ']