['and crew of " Glee " is saying goodbye to star  Cory Monteith  (mahn-TEETH Television says " Glee " co-star real-life girlfriend  Lea Michele  (LEE\'-uh show creator  Ryan Murphy  gathered the character, Finn. " Glee " is set to ', "tca-burning-questions-tvs-top-590769?AP THE LOST PROMISE OF  CORY MONTEITH  (EXCLUSIVE PHOTOS) In the wake of the actor's http://www.hollywoodreporter.com/news/ cory - monteith - glee -stars-lost-590401?AP BEYONCE SCRAPS 50 SONGS ", '" Glee " executive producer  Ryan Murphy  is planning a deceased star,  Cory Monteith . In remarks alcohol. On " Glee " he played high quarterback and  glee  club member Finn real-life girlfriend  Lea Michele . Monteith had ', "'Glee' Co-Creator Told Cory Monteith : 'Your Life Is More Important Than Any Stupid TV Show'", 'premiere of " Glee " by only the wake of  Cory Monteith \'s death girlfriend  Lea Michele , show co-creator  Ryan Murphy  said com. Watch  Cory Monteith \'s 5 Best Performances on \' Glee \' Following Tuesday. The " Glee " star had help. See  Lea Michele  and  Cory', '" Glee " executive producer  Ryan Murphy  says he is planning a tribute episode for the series\' deceased star,  Cory Monteith . In remarks to news outlets published ', 'Fox TV  says that production delayed on its series " Glee " because of the death of star  Cory Monteith . In a statement Friday high school where " Glee " is set but remained the fifth season of " Glee " will deal with Monteith\'s ', 'Images)  Cory Monteith  once flew meet the " Glee " star. That\'s how  Jane Lynch  wants her Sylvester on " Glee ," appeared Read:  Cory Monteith  Died of Related:  Cory Monteith \'s Friend Speaks on The " Glee " Star\'s ', 'Tony Hale, "Veep," HBO. Supporting Actress, Comedy Series: Mayim Bialik, "The Big Bang Theory," CBS;  Jane Lynch , " Glee ," FOX; Sofia Vergara, "Modern Family," ABC; Julie Bowen, "Modern Family," ABC; Merritt Wever, "Nurse ', 'Before  Cory Monteith  was Finn, the jock-turned- Glee  club member changed forever.  Cory Monteith \'s Father popular star of " Glee " died in Vancouver Related:  Lea Michele  Has Been Grieving McIlroy said.  Cory Monteith  Died of \'Mixed ', 'Night Live Tony Hale, Veep Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Comedy Series Mayim Bialik, The Big Bang Theory  Jane Lynch ,  Glee  Sofia Vergara, Modern Family Julie Bowen, Modern Family Merritt Wever, Nurse Jackie Jane Krakowski, 30 Rock Anna ', 'Members of  Cory Monteith \'s family girlfriend,  Lea Michele , were present after the " Glee " star, 31 autopsy found  Cory Monteith  died with Related:  Lea Michele  Has Been Grieving Report:  Cory Monteith  Died of \'Mixed ', 'Hollywood continues to mourn the loss of " Glee " star  Cory Monteith  after his death in Vancouver this past weekend nice, good guy, and I know the people at \' Glee \' loved him."  Cory Monteith  Died From Mixing Heroin and Alcohol/a> McHale ', 'S., according to a Russian lawyer who is advising him. 2. Monteith Death Blamed on Heroin-Alcohol Mix " Glee " star  Cory Monteith  died of mixed drug toxicity involving heroin and alcohol, the British Columbia Coroners Service said. 3. Al ', 'death of " glee " star  cory monteith . The season death of  cory monteith . But not How can " glee " go on to put " glee " on a hiatus see what " glee " will do relationship with  lea michele \'s rachel creator  ryan murphy  will soon ', 'Reporter: For a show that\'s never shied away from taking risks, creator ryan murphy will soon confront big decisions that will shake " glee\'s " legacy. I would not be surprise to see him lean into the challenge here in a very interesting way. That could make ', 'with the latest on  cory monteith . How his shocking Reporter: If " glee " had a face, it belongs to  cory monteith . His death at private matter.  Lea michele , monteith\'s co-star on " glee ." And since 2012 ', 'the co-creator of " glee " about how they are handling the death of  cory monteith . We are learning about the story. Reporter: " Glee " co-creator says the by a week was made by  lea michele . In tv line, murphy ', 'there was a wrong way. We are talking to the co-creator of " glee " about how they are handling the death of cory monteith . We are learning about an intervention. His family members are making their first comments after his death. Linzie janis has the story. Reporter: " Glee " co-creator says the decision to delay the start of the show by a week was made by lea michele . In tv line, murphy says she was adamant that they get back together sooner rather than later so mortgages could be paid ', 'tonight in the death of  cory monteith , the compelling star of the  hit show  " glee ," singing the sweet trip of his life, " glee " star  cory monteith  recorded this video Reporter: Co-star  jane lynch , on the "tonight ', 'Now we have new information tonight in the death of cory monteith , the compelling star of the hit show " glee ," singing the sweet songs but battling heroin addiction. He recently tried rehab. Abc\'s neal karlinsky tells us some time after rehab your body can be at even greater risk. Reporter: On what would turn out to be the last plane trip of his life, " glee " star cory monteith recorded this video for a fan. Stay out of trouble, and stay in school. Reporter: Co-star jane lynch , on the "tonight show" overnight, offered her own version of what so many have said -- monteith was a humble man with ', 'death of " glee " star  cory monteith . An autopsy hotel where  cory monteith  died on saturday tv show " glee " he was unlikely  glee  club member 31-year-old  cory monteith  was found co-star  matthew morrison  dedicating watched " glee " regularly girlfriend  lea michele . She even ', 'Lea Michele ,  Cory Monteith\'s  girlfriend and " Glee " co-star, releases statement on his death.', 'after the death of actor  cory monteith  whose open, boyish face part of the tv series " glee ." But there was another the courage to join the  glee  clib. But when 31-year-old  cory monteith \'s body was found saturday ']