['ABC and Clear Channel Media and Entertainment Join the Power of TV and Radio in New Multi-Faceted Partnership', 'current hits include "Army Wives" (Lifetime), "Castle," "Cougar Town" (TBS), "Criminal Minds" (CBS), " Grey \' s Anatomy ," "Nashville," "Once Upon a Time," "Perception" (TNT), "Revenge" and "Scandal." The ABC Television ', "had breast cysts when they were very young, so I always wondered about my own risk factors. In 2005 there was a  Grey ' s Anatomy  episode about a woman who wanted to have a mastectomy for the same reason Jolie had one, but her husband was against ", 'comment. Salary standoffs aren\'t new to the business. The casts of "The Jersey Shore," "Modern Family," " Grey \' s Anatomy " and "Friends" all banded together to successfully negotiate higher salaries.', 'joined the cast of the vampire hit "True Blood" last year during the show\'s fifth season. She joined the cast of " Grey \' s Anatomy " for the hospital drama\'s ninth season as Dr. Heather Brooks, an intern under Meredith Grey\'s watchful eye ', '" Grey \' s Anatomy " star Sandra Oh poses with, from Ferrari/UH Case Medical Center) On  Grey \' s Anatomy  this week, as Dr. Christina Yang Crazyballs, right? Although the  Grey \' s Anatomy  scene was short, Oh and Costa were ', 'Fan Following Twihards, "Twilight" Favorite Network TV Comedy "The Big Bang Theory" Favorite Network TV Drama " Grey \' s Anatomy " Favorite Cable TV Comedy "Awkward" Favorite Cable TV Drama "Leverage" Favorite Premium Cable TV Show "True ', 'Baristas, the investment group that includes the " Grey \' s Anatomy " star. On Thursday night, Dempsey, whose fans call workers from unemployment. He said the success of " Grey \' s Anatomy ," which is set in Seattle but filmed in Los Angeles ', "Starbucks in his bid to buy a small coffee chain in Seattle. The actor, who played Dr. McDreamy in the hit TV series,  Grey ' s Anatomy , told a KOMO-TV reporter that his investment group appears to have the winning bid for Tully's Coffee. He noted ", 'Gabriel Olsen/FilmMagic/Getty Images McDreamy wants to enter the coffee business. " Grey \' s Anatomy " star Patrick Dempsey and a team of investors are looking to save jobs and give back by purchasing Seattle-based Tully Coffee ', "Thanks to a new law, TV viewers won't have to reach for the remote to save their hearing when  Grey ' s Anatomy  cuts to commercial tonight. The CALM Act , signed by Obama in 2010 and passed by the Federal Communications Commission a year ", 'according to Forbes. Though Heigl initially made a successful leap to films from television after starring in " Grey \' s Anatomy ," her most recent film, "One for the Money," earned only $37 million. Read more: How Celebrities Get Over ', 'today. He served as the president of the Screen Actors Guild from 1999 to 2001 and currently plays Dr. Thomas on " Grey \' s Anatomy ." It helps that the 85-year-old actor was big time before "Boy Meets World." He played Dustin Hoffman\'s ', "her And the line. It's. Just amazing Mattie says they learned how to do that how to perform CPR. From watching  Grey ' s Anatomy  and they were watching with her mom.", "they learned how to do that how to perform CPR. From watching Grey's Anatomy and they were watching with her mom. ", "night here at ABC because I was the season finale of  Grey ' s Anatomy . Or as as my girl's group and I call it GA. We're wasn't that at all you know pretty much everyone on  Grey ' s Anatomy  is good looking. Well tonight a terrible thing happen ", "special night here at ABC because I was the season finale of Grey's Anatomy . Or as as my girl's group and I call it GA. We're very GA. Some -- read the roll lie on the end of the Justin. And I -- tonight Seattle grace hospital was hit with what what they kept calling it unprecedented crisis. A turnout they all came down with a pretty serious case of Bieber fever. Actually know the prices wasn't that at all you know pretty much everyone on Grey's Anatomy is good looking. Well tonight a terrible thing happen. Loan sharking -- and that -- season -- only the Seattle grace hospital ", "the seventh season there's a  Grey ' s Anatomy  it's wrapping up. Just two tonight great night's episode of  Grey ' s Anatomy  here and it's. It's better time for us. All the best to you  Grey ' s Anatomy  airs tonight 9:8 central right ", "hard to believe we've been talking about the seventh season there's a Grey's Anatomy it's wrapping up. Just two episodes ago there's been a lot of -- doctors at Seattle grace that our good friend Ellen ", "this clip that we're gonna be sing tonight great night's episode of Grey's Anatomy here and it's. It's better parents for her. And I hadn't crashed into things without really. What we're dealing -- it may ", "time for us. -- -- All the best to you -- -- Grey's Anatomy airs tonight 9:8 central right here on ABC. ", "And tonight on  Grey ' s Anatomy  Alison returns to Seattle grace you have to watch a show like  Grey ' s Anatomy . From a physician or standpoint entertaining. Seth Green has a role in  Grey ' s Anatomy  of the carotid body sort of pulsing ", "-- -- And tonight on Grey's Anatomy Alison returns to Seattle grace to perform an operation -- Meredith and Derek clinical trial has its first patient. For an example of how realistic -- surgery might be tonight check out this example from Hopkins the way you have to watch a show like Grey's Anatomy . From a physician or -- standpoint. If you have to realize that they have to make it entertaining. Seth Green has a role in Grey's Anatomy of the carotid body -- -- sort of pulsing. In their source standing there waiting for it to explode. And there's a ", "seen won't blow -- With that sort of -- background you watch Grey's Anatomy union. Who you realize they have played little. To learn more about what happens in a real hospital watch Hopkins an amazing ", "Isaiah Washington star of ABC's  Grey ' s Anatomy  announced Wednesday. He in counseling understand why say really about we need to just not taking public.  Grey ' s Anatomy  actor Isaiah Washington now says he is choosing action ", "Isaiah Washington star of ABC's Grey's Anatomy announced Wednesday. He -- in counseling understand why he directed a homophobic slur at a gay cast member and then reiterated that ", "want to say really about we need to just not taking public. Grey's Anatomy actor Isaiah Washington now says he is choosing action over words. -- going to rehab checking into a treatment center for psychological ", "Golden Globe nominee and star of ABC's medical drama  Grey ' s Anatomy  actor Patrick Dempsey. And also here as we talk about your career in you and your on screen character on  Grey ' s Anatomy . Well. Unfortunately I was on the West Coast working ", "us now is Golden Globe nominee and star of ABC's medical drama Grey's Anatomy actor Patrick Dempsey. And also here as we talk about the real life issues concerning cancer patients and their families. Cynthia swan ", "-- your -- career in you and your on screen character on Grey's Anatomy . Well. Unfortunately I was on the West Coast working and my mother was on the east -- it was very difficult to "]