["actress in a comedy series are. Laura Dern and lights and  Lena Dunham girls . Edie Falco nurse Jackie. Tina Fey 30 Rock. Julia series category are. At 30 Rock. The Big Bang theory.  Girls . let's bring Bruce back to help announce the final ", "lead actress in a comedy series are. Laura Dern and lights and Lena Dunham -- girls . Edie Falco nurse Jackie. Tina Fey 30 Rock. Julia Louis-Dreyfus. The and Amy Poehler parks and restoration. Here this year's nominees for ", "such strong competition I mean. You've got even once again you've got modern family and their once again got  Lena Dunham  from  girls  and Julie Louis-Dreyfus as thing. These are tremendous performances they'll be hard to be when when time were ", "even once again you've got modern family and their once again got Lena Dunham from girls and -- Julie Louis-Dreyfus as -- -- thing. These are tremendous performances they'll be hard to be when when -- time -- ", "people had just seen a scene from HBO's  girls . Which is written directed. Stars HBO. And I just reading it. What is  girls  Yorker it's. I'm a girl I one of four  girls  who. Recently graduating college living ", "They. All right you people had just seen a scene from HBO's girls . Which is written directed. Stars Lena -- Who's right here. Not. -- -- I'm happy to -- it would just happy we ", "subscribe to HBO. And I just reading -- it. What is -- girls Yorker it's. I'm a girl I -- one of four girls who. Recently graduating college -- living in Brooklyn and other outer burrows and her serve just navigating the challenges of post collegiate life and I was just trying to represent -- -- us -- small subsection of women I felt I hadn't seen before. And a period of life -- I think is pretty specific but also kind of its repercussions can be felt at all different times. These girls that -- with these actresses. Say who they are a little bit and tell us a little. There's. I'm on the show ", "that would say that -- -- it will be your all white girls and you are living in this world and there's no. Where are black girls -- Gay girls where's all of the growth. I haven't paints a super close attention to the backlash but -- sort of criticism that the ", 'something that came up very recently on an episode of " girls ."  Lena dunham \'s character, very celebratory of her disheveled look playing hannah, in the award-winning hbo show, " girls ." Which she writes and directs. On a show already ', 'It was something that came up very recently on an episode of " girls ." Lena dunham\'s character, very celebratory of her disheveled look, dating a very good-looking guy. And a lot of people got worked up about this whether it\'s a real issue. And it actually is. Abc\'s juju chang has the story. Reporter: She\'s hollywood\'s unlikely it girl. Yet, mismatched clothes and all, some saline in a dunham has captured the voice of the 20-something generation, playing hannah, in the award-winning hbo show, " girls ." Which she writes and directs. On a show already known for pushing boundaries -- unlike you, I\'ll do almost anything sexually. Reporter: ', 'million FOR THE 1930s ESTATE. However, the original asking price was 24 million. So -- a bargain. Yeah.  Lena dunham  of " girls " is keeping it real in the borough where it\'s. Three bedrooms, has views of the bridges, manhattan, and a ', 'the original asking price was 24 million. So -- a bargain. Yeah. Lena dunham of " girls " is keeping it real in the borough where it\'s. Three bedrooms, has views of the bridges, manhattan, and a cool price tag ', 'talent show. These amazing  girls  come in and some country white as one of these  girls  exactly it would mean this a huge amount of  girls  funds and all but that correlate to but. Working on  girls  and with  Lena Dunham  and with jet at the who ', "book but part of him. And correlate to -- but. Working on girls and with Lena Dunham and with jet at the -- who -- -- -- that this is. Generation defining show. Keep -- remember how that came about it and I know that I was student this is fourteen with with -- and and lean and I had some scenes together. She civil what do you come into an episode of this show and I see your film actually and so a city and then it kind of we have a lot of fun on a -- she asked me to come back and do some more. And the -- -- character exited like the one episode where he tries of the threesome with these girls I decide I don't know how you can bring that -- Bok. She's like are are gonna marry -- One of the ", 'news here Christopher Abbott Abbott  girls  this incredibly successful HBO series believing he is the boyfriend Charlie.  Allison Williams . And so all of a sudden he decided collaborating with Selena. And the entire  girls  has been wonderful but right now ', 'in terms -- We got some shocking news here Christopher Abbott Abbott girls this incredibly successful HBO series. Just -- All of a sudden he is believing he is the boyfriend Charlie. Allison Williams . And so all of a sudden he decided that he wanted to leave abruptly leaving the show this is exclusive information from ', 'vel bigs comedy and was the life of the backstage party.  Lena dunham  bunny-hopped over to us after the win. We love our jobs great moment. I just finished speaking with the cast of  girls . Daniel day lewis walked over to them saying, he loves ', "chastain's dade? Her grandma. I'm so proud. Reporter: All in all, star-studded girl's night out. It's good to be a girl. Great to be a girl, thank you. A really great moment. I just finished speaking with the cast of girls . Daniel day lewis walked over to them saying, he loves the show. Who knew? They erupted. It set the tone for the ", 'ellen DeGENERES AND OF COURSE OPRAH Winfrey. But  lena dunham  from " girls " is on the list, as well. I was surprised. But lot of women didn\'t know who that was. This is  lena dunham , a girl who has come on strong in hollywood. She ', 'list. Including not just ellen DeGENERES AND OF COURSE OPRAH Winfrey. But lena dunham from " girls " is on the list, as well. I was surprised. But happily so. A lot of people, when they watched the emmys this year, they saw the naked woman on the toilet eating birthday cake. And a lot of women didn\'t know who that was. This is lena dunham , a girl who has come on strong in hollywood. She is number 100 on our list, rounding out the list and making ', "jessica chastain. There she is. There she was. That was  allison williams . And there's jennifer lawrence. And lucy liu also plunge but the protection of the place panel between the  girls . Everything stays put. She's nice and protected ", "were. And jessica chastain. There she is. There she was. That was allison williams . And there's jennifer lawrence. And lucy liu also rocked braids. Can real woman pull off these looks? Juju chang put the looks ", 'going on. We\'ll see lots of new shows, like  girls , maybe new  girls . People nominated last year might not get nominated Who is your dark horse? I would like to see " girls " do well. And  lena dunham . I would like to see the show do well. Is there ', 'great scrap. Who is your dark horse? I would like to see " girls " do well. And lena dunham . I would like to see the show do well. Is there that show grew on me. It got better. It\'s bleeding edge ', 'for a lead actress in a comedy series. Zooey deschanel,  lena dunham . Edie falco. Tina fay. Julia louis-dreyfus. melissa category are -- the big bang theory. Curb your enthusiasm.  Girls . Modern family. 30 rock. And veep. Kerry, jimmy, thank ', 'exciting. Nominees for a lead actress in a comedy series. Zooey deschanel, lena dunham . Edie falco. Tina fay. Julia louis-dreyfus. melissa McCarthy. And amy poehler. Alec baldwin, 30 rock. Don cheadle, house of lies. Louis c.K., ']