['ever. Brenda and Sonny from  general hospital  are finally tying the knot after this. So we saw that scene from  general hospital  where hanging the literally a strategy and thanks again. And  general hospital  airs weekdays on ABC.', "the most popular soap opera couple -- ever. Brenda and Sonny from general hospital are finally tying the knot after twenty years of courtship and controversy. -- -- day here's what happened at the end of ", 'your -- right -- yeah this. So we saw that scene from general hospital where hanging the -- literally a wedding eighteen years in the making. Now. Of course is not going to be easy but ', 'so bad stuff like -- -- painting strategy and thanks again. And general hospital airs weekdays on ABC. ', "with us today Emmy award winning actor Maurice Bernard who plays current us on the daytime general the daytime soap  general hospital . He's here today talking about playing a character bipolar disorder also learning to manage the condition himself ", "plays -- current us on the daytime general -- the daytime soap general hospital . He's here today talking about playing a character -- bipolar disorder also learning to manage the condition himself welcome Maurice. Think you've ", 'so pleased to be joined by  Kimberly McCullough  she is one of the soap world stars she plays Robin scorpio  general hospital  and  general hospital  nights at Kimberly thanks cool I mean I started doing  general hospital  when I was seven years old ', "We are now so pleased to be joined by Kimberly McCullough she is one of the soap world. Biggest stars she plays Robin scorpio -- general hospital and general hospital nights at Kimberly thanks so much for being here. Hello Lee showery and I am doing great I'm thrilled to have you here -- a big fan and I Al -- and the F. Sick this is -- First original scripted drama series and it had record setting ratings for the network this summer so what's it like to be a part of this new -- now. It's so cool I mean I started doing general hospital when I was seven years old so. It's really nice to do some things. -- and a little bit more -- He ", 'successful soap opera  general hospital . Anderson is here that be joined by  Bradford Anderson  He plays spin Alley not realize is the  general hospital  is the longest running fun to watch. And  general hospital  as tackled the issue ', 'today with one of the stars of the hugely successful soap opera general hospital . -- -- Anderson is here today to attack not only that -- -- -- but also an upcoming charity event that there are involved it. -- -- on this is that -- be joined by Bradford Anderson He plays -- spin Alley on GH ID on record rate over you thanks for having. Doing great and it got to ', "an adrenaline  general hospital  needed. Anybody unforgettable moment in  general hospital 's history Francis and  Anthony Geary  had played Luke Princess Diana a  general hospital  fan herself to check into  general hospital  over the years ", "on November 17 1981. It finally happened. The most unforgettable moment in general hospital's history may kiss the -- but. War on another daytime soap for that matter. The way -- and I looked at each other you're watching dynamic don't think they're so happy thirty million people tuned in. Their ID is the highest rated moment -- time history. It's just an amazing thing to have been able to participate in just. Work so exciting so -- -- and genie Francis and Anthony Geary had played Luke and Laura for more than three decades. And thirty million people when you think of that even thirty years later. You just -- I'm surprised that. We're still after thirty years talking about it. That year there was another high profile wedding. And that's bride Princess Diana a general hospital fan herself sent a special toast to celebrate and Luke and -- -- When you heard that -- -- you -- -- ", 'Generator gener " general hospital " is the longest to eight of " general hospital "\'s biggest star,  anthony geary  also known as to stop by " general hospital ." Thank you continue doing. " General hospital " has done such ', 'soap operas ever with some of its most beloved stars. Generator gener " general hospital " is the longest running soap on tv and bringing some of the hottest cast members of the past and present right here. Reporter: For 50 years it has been the hospital the nation has checked into for daily doses of star-crossed lovers, hunky mobsters and lots of nail-biting adventure. Luke, the falls. Oh. Hi. Reporter: This morning "gma" played host to eight of " general hospital "\'s biggest star, anthony geary also known as luke spencer, kim who plays scotty and genie francis, the woman whom the two actors have been fighting for ', 'to her OK now a regime does turner and a half. Well  general hospital  everybody watches that for some time  John Ingle  died yes at age 84 after courageous battle. With cancer ', 'her OK now -- a regime does turner and a half. Well general hospital everybody watches that for some time John Ingle died yes at age 84 after courageous battle. With cancer remember he -- the patriarch Edward quarter -- For nearly two decades ', 'spectrum and want during the day  Steve Burton  played the heir to a mob boss on  general hospital . grass is the heir to a rival Reeves is a life saving doctor and  Bradford Anderson  plays a computer Quote when night ', 'do -- this time. Cops -- spectrum and want during the day Steve Burton played the heir to a mob boss on general hospital . -- grass is the heir to a rival mob boss Scott Reeves is a life saving doctor and Bradford Anderson plays a computer -- Quote when night falls the -- of port Charles become the rock stars of -- shock. Scott -- ', "And lots of the and bringing the  general hospital  aren't you guessed it he's class they make Nellie is let  Steve Burton  street Bernard you know I'm it's not. I have been on the  general hospital  where they realized coupled with ", "My -- just don't have any class they make Nellie is let Steve Burton street Bernard you know I'm not fair. Think nice -- -- follows port Charles and Texas Roger collar fan and garage. I ", "right here on  general hospital . Others were the nurses at  general hospital  in shape. Recently knows he has  general hospital 's for an early stars he's  general hospital  as their lean into prime time.  Jonathan Jackson  making music ", "general. In the fitness craze eighty that he kept the nurses at general hospital in shape. Recently he green visited port Charles -- -- all want the ball you. Simmons knows he has general hospital's -- for an early premier foods. It was a precious. Few Francis simply -- -- young girls and okay. Many stars he's general hospital as their lean into prime time. Jonathan Jackson making music on national -- these days on the board that he was breaking hearts -- -- It's -- -- He read ", 'debbie reynolds, tony geary,  anthony geary . " General hospital " celebrating 50 years of You can see the all-star " general hospital " reunion friday right here on "gma." " General hospital " stars fiona hughes and jason ', 'Lara spencer and debbie reynolds, tony geary, anthony geary . " General hospital celebrating 50 years of tv and big reunion on friday. Such a joy to meet you. We planned our college classes all ', 'just that it did the people that support each other in these kind of towns is something to celebrate.  General hospital  star  Bradford Anderson . Part of the prize for three lakes they needy celebrating a big win as single best town in America I ', 'support each other in these kind of towns is something to celebrate. General hospital star Bradford Anderson . Part of the prize for three lakes they -- needy celebrating a big win as -- single best town in America I ', "favorite stars from All My Children one life to live  general hospital  Melissa Claire Egan  Anthony Geary  from  general hospital . There's Rickey Paul Goldin who was the leading ", "be. Everybody's favorite stars from All My Children one life to live general hospital Melissa Claire Egan Anthony Geary from general hospital . There's -- Rickey Paul Goldin who was the leading Greece back in the day. There's so many talented people in in in "]