['category, nominees are "The Big Bang Theory," \'\' Girls ," \'\'Louie," \'\'Modern Family," \'\'Veep" and comedy acting honors are Laura Dern for "Enlightened";  Lena Dunham  for " Girls "; Edie Falco for "Nurse Jackie"; Amy Poehler for ', 'The Big Bang Theory," CBS; " Girls ," HBO; "Louie," FX Networks Dern, "Enlightened," HBO;  Lena Dunham , " Girls ," HBO; Edie Falco, "Nurse Supporting Actor, Comedy Series:  Adam Driver , " Girls ," HBO; Jesse Tyler Ferguson ', 'Outstanding Comedy Series 30 Rock  Girls  Louie Modern Family The Big Bang Comedy Series Tina Fey, 30 Rock  Lena Dunham ,  Girls  Julia Louis-Dreyfus, Veep Laura Supporting Actor in a Comedy Series  Adam Driver ,  Girls  Jessey Tyler Ferguson, Modern ', '30 Rock," "Arrested Development," "Veep," " Girls " "New Girl" "Arrested Development" isn\'t new Fey, "30 Rock"; Zooey Deschanel, "New Girl";  Lena Dunham , " Girls "; Amy Poehler, "Parks and Recreation"; Laura Dern ', 'Also present, according to Huffington Post\'s entertainment editor Kia Makarechi : director Judd Apatow, " Girls " actor  Adam Driver , performance artist Marina Abramovic and rapper Wale. Instagram pictures and Vine videos from the event are ', 'member of the critically acclaimed TV series, " Girls ," did not help  Zosia Mamet  reach her goal. Click through to read about her campaign and others\'.  Zosia Mamet  The 25-year-old daughter of playwright David ', 'evening showcased how it intends to stay relevant to the next generation. First of all, they honored  Lena Dunham , the mastermind behind  Girls  and someone who has been called the voice of twenty-somethings the world over. The show has sparked ', 'popular blog for teenage  girls , "Style Rookie." By contributors like HBO " Girls " creator  Lena Dunham , comedian Sarah Silverman about sex from teenage  girls  and that worked out great an inspiration to young  girls . Some parents have asked ', 'FilmMagic/Getty Images When HBO\'s " Girls " premiered last year, its young who plays the sweet boyfriend of  Allison Williams \' character Marnie. But as the at odds with [series creator]  Lena  [ Dunham ] . He didn\'t like the direction ', 'winning one for "Skyfall") and  Lena Dunham  proudly bearing it all in her hit HBO show, " Girls ," plus-size is going mainstream marketing cute clothes for bigger  girls . "I think in today\'s world, when ', 'In 1963, young  girls  could aspire to nothing child, adults never asked  girls  what they wanted to be when they grew up. With  girls  they would say, \'You\'re popular television show, " Girls " by  Lena Dunham , has been a touchstone ', 'Girl-of-the-moment  Lena Dunham  talks candidly about her battle with obsessive-compulsive story, the 26-year-old creator and star of HBO\'s " Girls " says she took antidepressants in high school, and was ', 'Girls  star  Lena Dunham  made a major splash in Hollywood winning to major awards last night lock. The cast Jemima Sasha. And I really wanna a special thank you  Adam driver  who. Basically. Made me feel not like a cartoon character but like ', 'Girls star Lena Dunham made a major splash in Hollywood winning to major awards last night check out her acceptance speech. I -- to start facing ', "actress in a comedy series are. Laura Dern and lights and  Lena Dunham girls . Edie Falco nurse Jackie. Tina Fey 30 Rock. Julia series category are. At 30 Rock. The Big Bang theory.  Girls . let's bring Bruce back to help announce the final ", "lead actress in a comedy series are. Laura Dern and lights and Lena Dunham -- girls . Edie Falco nurse Jackie. Tina Fey 30 Rock. Julia Louis-Dreyfus. The and Amy Poehler parks and restoration. Here this year's nominees for ", "such strong competition I mean. You've got even once again you've got modern family and their once again got  Lena Dunham  from  girls  and Julie Louis-Dreyfus as thing. These are tremendous performances they'll be hard to be when when time were ", "even once again you've got modern family and their once again got Lena Dunham from girls and -- Julie Louis-Dreyfus as -- -- thing. These are tremendous performances they'll be hard to be when when -- time -- ", "people had just seen a scene from HBO's  girls . Which is written directed. Stars HBO. And I just reading it. What is  girls  Yorker it's. I'm a girl I one of four  girls  who. Recently graduating college living ", "They. All right you people had just seen a scene from HBO's girls . Which is written directed. Stars Lena -- Who's right here. Not. -- -- I'm happy to -- it would just happy we ", "subscribe to HBO. And I just reading -- it. What is -- girls Yorker it's. I'm a girl I -- one of four girls who. Recently graduating college -- living in Brooklyn and other outer burrows and her serve just navigating the challenges of post collegiate life and I was just trying to represent -- -- us -- small subsection of women I felt I hadn't seen before. And a period of life -- I think is pretty specific but also kind of its repercussions can be felt at all different times. These girls that -- with these actresses. Say who they are a little bit and tell us a little. There's. I'm on the show ", "that would say that -- -- it will be your all white girls and you are living in this world and there's no. Where are black girls -- Gay girls where's all of the growth. I haven't paints a super close attention to the backlash but -- sort of criticism that the ", 'something that came up very recently on an episode of " girls ."  Lena dunham \'s character, very celebratory of her disheveled look playing hannah, in the award-winning hbo show, " girls ." Which she writes and directs. On a show already ', 'It was something that came up very recently on an episode of " girls ." Lena dunham\'s character, very celebratory of her disheveled look, dating a very good-looking guy. And a lot of people got worked up about this whether it\'s a real issue. And it actually is. Abc\'s juju chang has the story. Reporter: She\'s hollywood\'s unlikely it girl. Yet, mismatched clothes and all, some saline in a dunham has captured the voice of the 20-something generation, playing hannah, in the award-winning hbo show, " girls ." Which she writes and directs. On a show already known for pushing boundaries -- unlike you, I\'ll do almost anything sexually. Reporter: ', 'million FOR THE 1930s ESTATE. However, the original asking price was 24 million. So -- a bargain. Yeah.  Lena dunham  of " girls " is keeping it real in the borough where it\'s. Three bedrooms, has views of the bridges, manhattan, and a ', 'the original asking price was 24 million. So -- a bargain. Yeah. Lena dunham of " girls " is keeping it real in the borough where it\'s. Three bedrooms, has views of the bridges, manhattan, and a cool price tag ', 'talent show. These amazing  girls  come in and some country white as one of these  girls  exactly it would mean this a huge amount of  girls  funds and all but that correlate to but. Working on  girls  and with  Lena Dunham  and with jet at the who ', "book but part of him. And correlate to -- but. Working on girls and with Lena Dunham and with jet at the -- who -- -- -- that this is. Generation defining show. Keep -- remember how that came about it and I know that I was student this is fourteen with with -- and and lean and I had some scenes together. She civil what do you come into an episode of this show and I see your film actually and so a city and then it kind of we have a lot of fun on a -- she asked me to come back and do some more. And the -- -- character exited like the one episode where he tries of the threesome with these girls I decide I don't know how you can bring that -- Bok. She's like are are gonna marry -- One of the "]