['have done extremely well despite their dyslexia.  Henry Winkler  As one of television\'s most iconic characters, The Fonz on " Happy Days ,"  Henry Winkler  often ad-libbed his lines because he couldn\'t ', 'problems, the name Mash was almost used as the nickname of  Henry Winkler \'s impeccably cool character on ABC\'s "  Happy Days  ." Instead, Winkler\'s alter ego was famously dubbed ', 'Very Complicated.\' Familiar television spokesmen like  Henry Winkler , "The Fonz" from " Happy Days ," and Fred Thompson, actor and former Republican ', 'Familiar television spokesmen like  Henry Winkler , "The Fonz" from " Happy Days ," and Fred Thompson, actor and former Republican senator from Tennessee, were hired to explain to older homeowners that they ', 'this year after decades out of the spotlight. In June,  Erin Moran  made headlines when tabloids reported that she was living trailer after losing her home. The 51-year-old " Happy Days " star is living in that trailer, and she has a good ', "'Happy Days ' Star Donny Most  Says Something's 'Not Right' About Show Merchandising Payout", 'sitcom " Happy Days " looked Those stars -  Erin Moran ,  Marion Ross ,  Anson Williams ,  Donny Most  - and  Tom Bosley \'s widow out about " Happy Days "-themed Reporter .  Ron Howard , now a successful director, and  Henry Winkler , who played and other " Happy Days " regulars ', '" Happy Days " star  Erin Moran  may be living in her mother-in-law\'s brought by Moran and other " Happy Days " regulars against the show\'s can go to trial. Moran,  Marion Ross ,  Anson Williams ,  Donny Most  and  Tom Bosley \'s widow Patricia sued CBS ', "members of the cast of the TV series  Happy Days  had a happy day in court Tuesday can go to trial, Variety reports.  Happy Days  regulars  Marion Ross ,  Anson Williams ,  Erin Moran ,  Donny Most  and  Tom Bosley 's widow Patricia filed a lawsuit ", '45 ... and Single"  Scott Baio  found his better half VH1 reality show, " Scott Baio  Is 45 ... and Single baby and a sequel: " Scott Baio  is 46 ... and Pregnant the former star of " Happy Days ," "Joanie Loves Chachi ', 'take up karate, earned co-star  Pat Morita  an Academy Award nomination and Dre and Mr. Han Ralph Macchio and  Pat Morita  from the original "Karate Kid Morita, who played Arnold on " Happy Days ." While both actors continued ', "the seventies  happy days  looked back at for all that  happy days  merchandise recently noticed  happy days  slot machines filed suit.  Ron Howard  now a successful five suing.  Anson Williams  pots and  Erin Moran  Joni and there's ", "cash. -- -- David Wright has the story. Back in the seventies happy days looked back at the fifties. -- kinder gentler. -- the red hair is gone things and little me. Hinting that -- -- -- that's -- -- -- most better known as Ralph now I know I. Happier days CBS is Paramount with -- -- and other cast members. What they believe they are -- for all that happy days merchandise. Space that was out there I mean these do lunch boxes -- action figures. I can't I -- lunch -- commute from you've probably met -- there was several different versions I never received anything for all for all that merchandise. When they recently noticed happy days slot machines in Las Vegas some of the actors filed suit. Ron Howard now a successful director is not part of the suit because your honor I'd really rather not take standard. Neither is the bonds Henry went cooler. -- it chooses to pass. As we found out Henry's been being paid for merchandise all this time. And referral -- is paid that we weren't. The five suing. Anson Williams pots and -- Erin Moran Joni and there's the state of Tom about mr. -- who died last year. -- most still acts. This season on -- ", 'I\'m like a very thick panther. But -- it\'s true. Between takes, I\'m literally asking him everything about " happy days ." About fonz. Dancing william. What\'s bobby doing now? He was the greatest. Great movie. It\'s terrific. It ', 'But -- it\'s true. Between takes, I\'m literally asking him everything about " happy days ." About fonz. Dancing william. What\'s bobby doing now? He was the greatest. Great movie. It\'s terrific. It will take its place in ', 'sexual. Howard cunningham on " happy days ." A 1970s VERSION OF A 1950s DAD, Played by  tom bosley . Sex is something a son should taylor, played by, guess who?  Ron howard . This was a single-parent relationship ', "Killed that bird, didn't you? Reporter: Opie taylor, played by, guess who? Ron howard . This was a single-parent relationship, driven by love and respect. Going to give me a whipping? That's one of the reasons why ", "Ron Howard  you know famous film director and actor He supports Barack Obama he's trying to figure out. How can I get the message out there ", "Ron Howard you know famous film director and actor He supports Barack Obama he's trying to figure out. How can I get the message ", "birthday and fell eleven things.  Happy days  of the kind of late fifties fantasy and that he didn't put high.  Marion Ross  was also a divorced mother know Has seen in these tactics from the  happy days  didn't panic. Now he jumped a ", "and that's all and that he didn't put high. -- -- -- Marion Ross was also a divorced mother know who -- and sometimes. The packaging. Has seen in these tactics from the happy days didn't panic. Now he jumped a few decades. And -- the dysfunctional world everybody loves men. -- you can -- my mother. ", "television shows it's hard to keep track what from  happy days  to married with children to the west wing of the Love Boat.  Ted McGinley  tech at yeah. He's going to be with one of our new ", "many television shows it's hard to keep track what -- -- from happy days to married with children to the west wing of the Love Boat. Ted McGinley tech at -- yeah. He's going to be with -- one of our new ventures. Newcomer kind of prayer is occurring US ", "there you are with  Ron Howard . Again and I believed if you go back to  happy days  well okay now  happy days  the karate master corona master and  happy days  but in fact. On the somebody anybody to fill  Ron Howard 's shoes so I I actually ", "about the movie a little bit because and there you are with Ron Howard . Again and I believed that too if you go back to happy days well okay now happy days -- the karate master out. Yes no I was -- corona master and happy days but in fact. On the Paramount lot. That was that was a big year because Ron had left the show the year before. They were casting about for somebody anybody to fill Ron Howard's shoes so I I actually kicked. I did -- food. We've Ponzi and kicked him through Arnold's stained glass windows. At that "]