['Mexican-American, could become the first Asian and Hispanic \'Idol.\' "I think Jessica Sanchez stole the show from day one,"  Haley Reinhart , who placed third last season, told Ryan Seacrest Wednesday. "So, I really don\'t think anything is going to ', 'Mexican-American, could become the first Asian and Hispanic \'Idol.\' "I think Jessica Sanchez stole the show from day one,"  Haley Reinhart , who placed third last season, told Ryan Seacrest Wednesday. "So, I really don\'t think anything is going to ', 'Mexican-American, could become the first Asian and Hispanic \'Idol.\' "I think Jessica Sanchez stole the show from day one,"  Haley Reinhart , who placed third last season, told Ryan Seacrest Wednesday. "So, I really don\'t think anything is going to ', 'Mexican-American, could become the first Asian and Hispanic \'Idol.\' "I think Jessica Sanchez stole the show from day one,"  Haley Reinhart , who placed third last season, told Ryan Seacrest Wednesday. "So, I really don\'t think anything is going to ', 'subdued this time around, and her vocal performance was better than the \'SNL\' performance. Season 10 finalist  Haley Reinhart  also returned to sing her new single, "Free."\' \'American Idol"s top nine perform again Wednesday night at ', 'going home on \'American Idol"s results show Thursday night at 8 p.m. Eastern time on Fox. Season 10 finalist  Haley Reinhart  returns to the show to sing her new single "Free."', 'Lauren Alaina and Scotty McCreery will face off next week in the final round of "American Idol" after  Haley Reinhart  was eliminated Thursday night. Next week\'s finale will be an all-teen, country-tinged southern affair, as the 17-year-old ', 'didn\'t like it. Only on \'Idol.\'" Final Three The stakes are high for the remaining three - Scotty McCreery,  Haley Reinhart  and Lauren Alania - ahead of next week\'s hometown visits. This week, the remaining contestants battled it out ', 'McMcCreery, Lauren Alaina and  Haley Reinhart  to compete for the top prize the judges\' beef with underdog  Haley Reinhart  . Jackson and Jennifer Lopez criticized exciting is maybe a James Durbin/  Haley  [ Reinhart ] sing-off," she told MTV ', 'than a few eyebrows throughout the competition. According to In Touch magazine, he\'s dating fellow contestant  Haley Reinhart . "Most of their downtime is spent together and they have a very touchy-feely relationship," an "Idol" insider ', 'she was safe and not voting for her. The past two weeks, Toscano had gotten some competition from Illinois native  Haley Reinhart , who has had two strong weeks back to back. Reinhart seems to have found her niche, choosing songs that showcase ', 'would win or were sent home early. The past two weeks, Toscano had gotten some competition from Illinois native  Haley Reinhart , who has had two strong weeks back to back. Reinhart seems to have found her niche, choosing songs that showcase ', 'What do you think? We\'ve got 12 kids living in the same house. Come on." This year, finalists Casey Abrams and  Haley Reinhart  , both 20, are said to be having an off-screen romance, according to In Touch magazine and other reports. "Most ']