['Action Chuck CSI: Miami  Hawaii Five - O  NCIS: Los Angeles Nikita Cool J, NCIS: Los Angeles  Daniel Dae Kim ,  Hawaii Five - O  Zachary Levi, Chuck Adam Hunt, NCIS: Los Angeles  Grace Park ,  Hawaii Five - O  Maggie Q, Nikita Yvonne ', 'David Cameron last month. Other CBS guests include: Christine Baranski from "The Good Wife," Daniel Dae from " Hawaii Five - O ," Capt. "Sully" Sullenberger III , the US Airways pilot who landed a 155-passenger in the Hudson River in 2009 ', 'David Cameron last month. Other CBS guests include: Christine Baranski from "The Good Wife," Daniel Dae from " Hawaii Five - O ," Capt. "Sully" Sullenberger III , the US Airways pilot who landed a 155-passenger in the Hudson River in 2009 ', 'include "The Colbert Report," the film "Rise of the Planet of the Apes," "The Ellen DeGeneres Show," " Hawaii Five - 0 ," "NBC Nightly News" and "Today." Carrie Inaba, a judge on the ABC show "Dancing with the Stars," hosted ', 'fictional police detectives on " Hawaii Five - O " are supposed to be solving Harbor. About 50 yards away, a " Hawaii Five - O " production crew was busy filming anonymous graves when Tubbs said a " Hawaii Five - O " crewmember "shushed" the ', 'will take as many as two dozen spouses to Kualoa Ranch, where the lush vistas and remote access lured the producers of  Hawaii Five - 0 , Magnum, Fantasy Island, the film Pearl Harbor and Karate Kid, among many others. This is the first time President ', 'and] buy into it," he said. Courtesy BrandChannel.com Bing and the Windows Phone 7 were used in a scene of " Hawaii Five - O ." Courtesy BrandChannel.com According to BrandChannel.com\'s Abe Sauer , brands Borders, Bulgari, IWC, Apple ', "can't do. There are limitations. It won't find everything. It failed to identify an episode of the original  Hawaii Five - O  series I watched over YouTube. With few exceptions, IntoNow can't recognize what's playing on local channels ", 'by creating iconic audience-pleasing characters.  Daniel Dae Kim , who had recurring roles on "24" and "ER," hit play Detective Chin Ho Kelly on CBS\'s new series " Hawaii Five - O ." Michael Raymond-James. Michael Raymond-James ', 'Christina Hendricks, Blake Lively, Laura Linney, Rutina Wesley: Eye-Riveting Beauty Parts', 'the new CW series "Nikita," which debuts September 9. Another to watch is Michelle Borth in CBS\'s new series " Hawaii Five - 0 ," debuting on September 20. And if you\'re wondering what yoga can do for your lower extremities, the answer is ', 'In the old days a film or TV series could put your town on the map as a tourist destination. Think " Hawaii Five - O " or "Vega$" -- shows that had some grit but mostly depicted their settings as glamorous places to live and visit. Nowadays ', "hotel in Hawaii. The oceanfront property also gained fame for appearing in the opening credits of the 1960s TV series  Hawaii Five - O . But a rough economy has the landmark condo hotel facing possible closure if it can't find a buyer. A large portion ", "look. Challenges against the system. It's a system was drinking handing out loans. We want hours. Jeff Daniels  Hawaii five  It's a like and him in the newsroom it. I thought they I still have those glasses.", "system was drinking handing out loans. We want -- hours. Jeff Daniels Hawaii five -- It's a -- like and him in the newsroom it. I thought they I still have those glasses. ", "these days this crew set up benign today for the new CBS  Hawaii five  It's very very busy in right now thankfully. I think productions are great for the state economy. Just the  Hawaii five O  brought in a 150 people to Waikiki set up for production ", 'And all these productions are great for the state economy. Just the Hawaii five O brought in a 150 people to Waikiki -- set up for production office and they housed the cast and crew and a ', 'later admitted in another He was scared. Former star  Daniel Dae Kim  He lives in Hawaii since He co stars in the series  Hawaii five  He tweeted that He and his family had moved to higher ', 'then later admitted in another -- He was scared. Former -- star Daniel Dae Kim He lives in Hawaii since He co stars in the series Hawaii five -- He tweeted that He and his family had moved to higher ground -- the tsunami warnings. -- out what the tsunami ']