['30/8:30c on NBC. Nashville Connie Britton and  Hayden Panettiere  star in ABC\'s musical drama following the country also familiar with the screen, having starred in " Heroes ," which went off the air in 2010. "Nashville" premieres ', 'The Associated Press reported that Cromwell, now 72, was released five hours later.  Hayden Panettiere , Arrest Warrant " Heroes " star  Hayden Panettiere , 22, garnered worldwide attention when she was part of a group of protesters from the ', 'and has a recurring role on the hit series "Chuck." Since their breakup, Brewster has been linked to " Heroes " star  Milo Ventimiglia . Eric Charbonneau/Getty Images Jennifer Aniston After his breakup with Brewster, Cooper was spotted about ', 'she carried her message to about 150 teens at a town meeting forum at The Times Center that included " Heroes " actress  Hayden Panettiere  and Tampa Bay Rays pitcher Matt Garza, who was a teen father. "It\'s a big flop," said Jerry Kowal ', 'be bad on screen," said  Tim Kring , the creator and executive producer of " Heroes ," which will be all about Zeitchik noted that even the  heroes  in Hollywood have gone gray that\'s exciting." " Heroes " creator/producer Kring ', "in his daughters' lives. Smurfette: Standout blonde in a village of males. Loves nature.  Hayden Panettiere : Standout blonde in mostly male  Heroes  cast. Campaigns for dolphin rights. Harmony Smurf: The musician of the village. Often asked ", 'PAIRED OR PLAYING?  Milo Ventimiglia  and  Hayden Panettiere  co-star on TV\'s " Heroes ." But are they off-screen?  Hayden Panettiere , 18, and  Milo Ventimiglia , 30 Early signs Waldo?" for the  Heroes  stars, who keep ', "Fox's Prison Break, NBC's  Heroes  and CBS' Survivor: China. The that includes a plaque signed by  Tim Kring , creator of  Heroes . To win one of the five Rogues Rogue also will have placement in  Heroes . Barbara Blangiardi, NBC head of ", 'Thank you, everybody. Now, we turn to  hayden panettiere . She\'s gone from playing a cheerleader in " heroes " to a hit sensation making trouble on "nashville." And she\'s here live to tell us about the big, new role. Congratulations ', 'Thank you, everybody. Now, we turn to hayden panettiere . She\'s gone from playing a cheerleader in " heroes " to a hit sensation making trouble on "nashville." And she\'s here live to tell us about the big, new role. Congratulations. Thank ', 'you Beth Cooper. Head cheerleader Beth played by  heroes Hayden Panettiere  decides to Hubert I hatch out with him at his movie his body of work. Two out of five. While that  Hayden Panettiere  actually share is here his Also out this week the ', "most notably. I love you Beth Cooper. Head cheerleader Beth played by heroes Hayden Panettiere decides to Hubert -- I hatch out with him at his movie quoting best friend rich predictably this doesn't sit well with best crazy -- up boyfriend. Compared to. -- a -- is obviously adorable but there's really nothing to love about Beth Cooper. A big disappointment considering director Chris Columbus his body of work. Two out of five. While that Hayden Panettiere actually share is here -- his -- Also out this week the Hurt Locker yeah it's got a funny name I know ", "Did it this gang  Hayden Panettiere  and Milo that neatly. Payton's high low and yet they called it Olbermann hate or the kind of lifestyle conflict my uncle in east  heroes  agreement everybody out. No apparently it was that He wanted to ", "Did it this gang Hayden Panettiere and Milo that neatly. Payton's high low and yet they called it quits after about a year update. According to last week a source closed at their chalked up to eight months. Kind of lifestyle conflict from Milo was your Olbermann hate or the kind of lifestyle conflict -- my uncle in east heroes -- agreement everybody out. No apparently it was that He wanted to live it up -- -- Hollywood party scene looked so "]