["night here at ABC because I was the season finale of  Grey ' s Anatomy . Or as as my girl's group and I call it GA. We're wasn't that at all you know pretty much everyone on  Grey ' s Anatomy  is good looking. Well tonight a terrible thing happen ", "special night here at ABC because I was the season finale of Grey's Anatomy . Or as as my girl's group and I call it GA. We're very GA. Some -- read the roll lie on the end of the Justin. And I -- tonight Seattle grace hospital was hit with what what they kept calling it unprecedented crisis. A turnout they all came down with a pretty serious case of Bieber fever. Actually know the prices wasn't that at all you know pretty much everyone on Grey's Anatomy is good looking. Well tonight a terrible thing happen. Loan sharking -- and that -- season -- only the Seattle grace hospital ", "the seventh season there's a  Grey ' s Anatomy  it's wrapping up. Just two tonight great night's episode of  Grey ' s Anatomy  here and it's. It's better time for us. All the best to you  Grey ' s Anatomy  airs tonight 9:8 central right ", "hard to believe we've been talking about the seventh season there's a Grey's Anatomy it's wrapping up. Just two episodes ago there's been a lot of -- doctors at Seattle grace that our good friend Ellen ", "this clip that we're gonna be sing tonight great night's episode of Grey's Anatomy here and it's. It's better parents for her. And I hadn't crashed into things without really. What we're dealing -- it may ", "time for us. -- -- All the best to you -- -- Grey's Anatomy airs tonight 9:8 central right here on ABC. ", "And tonight on  Grey ' s Anatomy  Alison returns to Seattle grace you have to watch a show like  Grey ' s Anatomy . From a physician or standpoint entertaining. Seth Green has a role in  Grey ' s Anatomy  of the carotid body sort of pulsing ", "-- -- And tonight on Grey's Anatomy Alison returns to Seattle grace to perform an operation -- Meredith and Derek clinical trial has its first patient. For an example of how realistic -- surgery might be tonight check out this example from Hopkins the way you have to watch a show like Grey's Anatomy . From a physician or -- standpoint. If you have to realize that they have to make it entertaining. Seth Green has a role in Grey's Anatomy of the carotid body -- -- sort of pulsing. In their source standing there waiting for it to explode. And there's a ", "seen won't blow -- With that sort of -- background you watch Grey's Anatomy union. Who you realize they have played little. To learn more about what happens in a real hospital watch Hopkins an amazing ", "Isaiah Washington star of ABC's  Grey ' s Anatomy  announced Wednesday. He in counseling understand why say really about we need to just not taking public.  Grey ' s Anatomy  actor Isaiah Washington now says he is choosing action ", "Isaiah Washington star of ABC's Grey's Anatomy announced Wednesday. He -- in counseling understand why he directed a homophobic slur at a gay cast member and then reiterated that ", "want to say really about we need to just not taking public. Grey's Anatomy actor Isaiah Washington now says he is choosing action over words. -- going to rehab checking into a treatment center for psychological ", "Golden Globe nominee and star of ABC's medical drama  Grey ' s Anatomy  actor Patrick Dempsey. And also here as we talk about your career in you and your on screen character on  Grey ' s Anatomy . Well. Unfortunately I was on the West Coast working ", "us now is Golden Globe nominee and star of ABC's medical drama Grey's Anatomy actor Patrick Dempsey. And also here as we talk about the real life issues concerning cancer patients and their families. Cynthia swan ", "-- your -- career in you and your on screen character on Grey's Anatomy . Well. Unfortunately I was on the West Coast working and my mother was on the east -- it was very difficult to ", "Grey ' s Anatomy  tonight with its vast new episodes since you've ever wondered how true to life  Grey ' s Anatomy  is ABC news plans to show you this some three times let's look right. And  Grey ' s Anatomy  we sort of made him take this test and ", "Grey's Anatomy -- -- tonight with its vast new episodes since January and him as a sneak peek. She's -- And mean she's on ", "that you. -- -- If you've ever wondered how true to life Grey's Anatomy is ABC news plans to show you this some on -- kids. All the residents take an exam once a year has -- that it took at this past week. -- -- -- -- And He three times let's look -- -- right. And Grey's Anatomy we sort of made him take this test and George didn't there's nobody else did that are -- moved on to George ", "Now to the controversy on the set of ABC's  Grey ' s Anatomy  has sparked you don't argument between co stars blame him. On the close friends split off screen.  Grey ' s Anatomy  stars Isaiah Washington and TR Knight couldn't be ", "Now to the controversy on the set of ABC's Grey's Anatomy has sparked -- you don't argument between co stars. That ended with the gay slur directed at one of the stars of ", "comment. Don't blame him. On the -- close friends split off screen. Grey's Anatomy stars Isaiah Washington and TR Knight couldn't be further apart history. During rehearsals and October Washington reportedly used to homophobic slur to ", "We turn at a  Grey ' s Anatomy  stars Kevin the kid and Emory River they join us today give us a sneak peek at tonight anatomy having him thanks for joining us ", "We turn at a Grey's Anatomy stars Kevin the kid and Emory River they join us today give us a sneak peek at tonight -- anatomy having him ", "We turn out to the season premiere of ABC's newest law firm drama the deep and it is being touted as the new  Grey ' s Anatomy  of the legal world the show's stars Billy and Tina major Reno who join us today for a radio. and Tina thank you ", "firm drama the deep and it is being touted as the new Grey's Anatomy of the legal world the show's stars Billy -- and Tina major Reno who join us today for a radio. -- and ", "doctors and nurses on  Grey ' s Anatomy  are good looking people but they had a new one tonight that is I don't know. If I personally was a patient in the hospital and ", "-- doctors and nurses on Grey's Anatomy are good looking people but they had a new one tonight that is I don't know. If I personally was a patient ", "The doctor is in we're talking about doctor Cristina Yang. Yes she burst onto the scene with her star turn in the movie sideways I love that movie. Now stealing scenes also still in surgery is at Seattle grace she's on the cover of this month's Marie Claire magazine. And right here in the studio", "Very very lucky to have these young lady with us who wrote that song this Here she is how can you be nervous when you've had such a big impact That's you know now. Can you believe them now I can't I'm still sort of reeling about it. Had a bunch of friends over last night accidentally just. Stared", "Tonight is the season finale of  Grey ' s Anatomy  but don't worry ABC news has just what the doctor ordered for that cliff hanging withdrawal He might be feeling and it's cold ", "-- Tonight is the season finale of Grey's Anatomy but don't worry ABC news has just what the doctor ordered for that cliff hanging withdrawal He might be feeling and it's ", "As of this morning the nurses boycott uses with just two weeks from this season finale of  Grey ' s Anatomy . It seems India are starting to up as the Seattle grace institute a date and tell policy. But is there really this much excitement ", "boycott uses -- with just two weeks from this season finale of Grey's Anatomy . It seems -- India are starting to -- up as the -- -- Seattle grace institute a date and tell policy. But ", "replacement for role to sit look bored. And is now hosting auditions. In Chicago. And rounding out the list today is  Grey ' s Anatomy  spinoff the popular character doctor Addison Montgomery Sheppard played by Kate Walsh. Is getting her own program ", "now hosting auditions. In Chicago. And rounding out the list today is Grey's Anatomy spinoff the popular character doctor Addison Montgomery Sheppard played by Kate Walsh. Is getting her own program according to the Wall Street ", 'patrick dempsey, known for saving lives on " grey \' s anatomy ." But a new role is brewing when he went up against look. I\'m not going out with you. Reporter: On " grey \' s anatomy " patrick dempsey\'s character is used to winning ']