["is off the air but his Alter ego lives hot and after she was fired from Two and a Half Men actor  Hugh Laurie  played Charlie harper in a dream sequence on how check it out. Okay. Either this girl's father well. With the Vermont died ", 'and after she was fired from Two and a Half Men actor Hugh Laurie played Charlie harper in a dream sequence on how -- check it out. -- -- -- -- -- Okay. Either -- this ', 'Steve Buscemi boardwalk empire. Kyle Chandler Friday Night Lights. Michael C. Hall Dexter. Jon Hamm mad men.  Hugh Laurie house . And Timothy all of that justice. For outstanding miniseries or movie the nominee is Cinema Barrett said. Down ', 'Chandler Friday Night Lights. Michael C. Hall Dexter. Jon Hamm mad men. Hugh Laurie house . And Timothy all of that justice. For outstanding miniseries or movie the nominee is -- Cinema Barrett said. Down Nabih masterpiece. The ', "little trouble men. You would come on guys as a girl. We're  Hugh Laurie  economy typically I think will come what you worried at all was the only option. I hated the and nobody he can't. her  house  comparing but if you were born with an extra. I in the middle ", "hated the -- and -- nobody -- -- he can't. -- her house comparing but if you were born with an extra. I in the middle of your forehead. And you know. At -- stared ", 'and cultural so. This is case of scale. Late to the party you know what better late than that silly and we also  Hugh Laurie  of  house  Matthew Fox of and Jon Hamm of mad men yeah and value Bryan Cranston was this a shocker of a winner two years ago ', 'you know what better late than that silly and we also -- Hugh Laurie of house Matthew Fox of -- and Jon Hamm of mad men yeah and value Bryan Cranston was this a shocker of a winner ', "celebrates one of the great job we'll while not nobody was  house  my mother. I that meet your mind there I've written thank like I think that's what really figured out what that pilot  Hugh Laurie  even more than thinking he's fine he's working men accused ", "-- one of the great job we'll while not nobody was -- house -- my mother. I -- that meet your mind there I've written thank you occasionally we would write I appreciate advance the ", 'not just corporations were also for human being. An attorney  Hugh Laurie  now feel like they have too much money to burn but you I guess example my dad had a picture extension built onto the back of his  house . Because his parents were getting older and He knew that they ', 'my dad had a picture extension built onto the back of his house . Because his parents were getting older and He knew that they would probably need a little bit of extra help so claiming ']