["I'm really glad I'm doing this because America really needs to see this. With Dancing With The Stars partner  Lacey Schwimmer  read his son. Trans gender activist Chaz Bono spoke out yesterday for the first time in the wake of some high profile ", 'America really needs to see this. With Dancing With The Stars partner Lacey Schwimmer read his son. Trans gender activist Chaz Bono spoke out yesterday for the first time in the wake of some high profile ', "this is going to be very confusing her children. And should not be included in her cast. With his dancing partner  Lacey Schwimmer  at his side jazz addressed the furor it's made me realize I'm really glad I'm doing this because America really ", "-- should not be included in her cast. With his dancing partner Lacey Schwimmer at his side jazz addressed the furor it's made me realize I'm really glad I'm doing this because America really needs -- ", "glorious wins first thirteen season premiere we have exclusive opportunity to go. Let's see. On dancing with partner  Lacey Schwimmer . More than joins ever land not hurt my cabin attendant and actually. The cast is an and I'll be secret there's ", "exclusive opportunity to go. -- -- Let's see. On dancing with partner Lacey Schwimmer . More than joins ever land not hurt my cabin attendant and -- actually. The cast is an -- and I'll be -- ", 'which touch on his way onto the floor. This partner  Lacey Schwimmer . reminds me Shimmy and shook their way into millions me now fresh from that Chop along with his partner  Lacey Schwimmer . Well the judges alike to tell you how did test it ', "year old which touch on his way onto the floor. This partner Lacey Schwimmer . -- reminds me Shimmy and shook their way into millions of homes. Across America the judge's verdict. With all the pressure tonight ", "joins me now fresh from that Chop -- along with his partner Lacey Schwimmer . Well the judges alike to tell you how did -- test it felt good it was fun you know I mean I'm ", 'Nancy Grace and Tracinda McManus and she did talk about her near death experience giving birth winds. And photo and  Lacey Schwimmer . Product career with that He need to talk about this being the best year of his life about. Got married they were ', 'about her near death experience giving birth winds. And -- photo and Lacey Schwimmer . Product career with that He need to talk about this being the best year of his life about. Got married they were ', "like could do on the dance floor. I don't think about anything other lives he thinks a lot about his dance partner  Lacey Schwimmer  and and lazy lazy. We're very small titanium lazy and he earns. You know Cameron. pretty didn't they give you ", "about anything other lives he thinks a lot about his dance partner Lacey Schwimmer and and lazy lazy. We're very small titanium lazy and he earns. You know Cameron. -- pretty didn't they give you -- ", "those big yet but you have to street get the voters going aren't. The crime the crowd pleaser as Kyle Massey and  Lacey Schwimmer  there was. A lot of Shimmy and That's and spanking that Eric a key energy is infectious. He's kind of art new ", "going aren't. The crime -- the crowd pleaser as Kyle Massey and Lacey Schwimmer there was. A lot of Shimmy and -- That's and spanking -- that -- Eric a key energy is infectious. He's kind ", "country country that in. Kyle Massey kept dancing like the guy from accounting at the Christmas party. And the Ian  Lacey Schwimmer  enjoyed won't stop soon. This a lot of at the same time this tunnel work but I choose let the fine outweigh the ", "the guy from accounting at the Christmas party. And the -- Ian Lacey Schwimmer enjoyed won't stop soon. This a lot of -- at the same time this tunnel work but I choose -- let the ", "anyone. Think we have a fair shot. We have at least one in three chance of winning. Immediately. Kyle Massey and  Lacey Schwimmer  hope to redeem themselves dancing the box truck. They decided they didn't perform so well weeks ago tonight. The ", "least -- one in three chance of winning. Immediately. Kyle Massey and Lacey Schwimmer -- hope to redeem themselves dancing the box truck. They decided they didn't perform so well weeks ago -- tonight. The redemptions. ", "fabulous writers of. Super Bowl champ Warren Sapp and his partner Jim Johnson and pop star lance bass and his partner  Lacey Schwimmer  and it's sure great to have that you all watched your instant replays of before you came out of yourself this morning ", "partner Jim Johnson and -- pop star lance bass and his partner Lacey Schwimmer and it's sure great to have -- -- that you all watched your instant replays of before you came out of -- ", "already from just four weeks of reverses There's still a Steve. It's looks at the world and his dance partner  Lacey .  Schwimmer  with an unusual point of view wearing a Good Morning America helmet cam during rehearsals. Now that's a respected ", "-- Steve. It's -- looks at the world and his dance partner Lacey . Schwimmer with an unusual point of view wearing a Good Morning America helmet cam during rehearsals. Now that's a respected you won't see ", "they look up up up. So Tony brush and quickly got back into the group. back. But it was lance bass and his partner  Lacey Schwimmer  who presented me with my first dilemma as a viewer about choosing which. We're brands we work together and that's ", "-- -- -- back. But it was lance bass and his partner Lacey Schwimmer who presented me with my first dilemma as a viewer -- about choosing which. -- We're "]