['Boardwalk Empire"; Kyle Chandler, "Friday Night Lights"; Michael C. Hall, "Dexter"; Jon Hamm, "Mad Men";  Hugh Laurie , " House "; Timothy Olyphant, "Justified" Any one of these actors could justifiably win, according to Ryan. But one ', 'Boardwalk Empire"; Kyle Chandler, "Friday Night Lights"; Michael C. Hall, "Dexter"; Jon Hamm, "Mad Men";  Hugh Laurie , " House "; Timothy Olyphant, "Justified" Any one of these actors could justifiably win, according to Ryan. But one ', 'Robert Downey Jr./Jeff Bridges/Phillip Seymour Hoffman/ Hugh Laurie . A surly drunk, Haymitch won his year\'s Hunger Games and Laurie (who knows something about surly from playing " House "), or Hoffman (a more random but interesting suggestion from ', "being taken to the hospital, Dr.  House 's girlfriend dreams about what dream turns into a nightmare when  House , played by  Hugh Laurie , becomes a character similar Sheen's character Charlie Harper.  House  dons one of the character's ", 'Series Steve Buscemi, Boardwalk Empire Bryan Cranston, Breaking Bad Michael C. Hall, Dexter Jon Hamm, Mad Men  Hugh Laurie ,  House  Female Actor, Drama Series Glenn Close, Damages Mariska Hargitay, Law & Order: SVU Julianna Marguiles, The ', "out Emmy's really bad dudes: Best Character in a Drama In the category of best actor in a drama series,  Hugh Laurie 's Gregory  House  qualifies as a misanthrope. Jon Hamm's Don Draper is a serial adulterer. But neither holds a candle ", 'categories: Best Drama Series "Damages" "Dexter" " House  M.D." "Lost" "Mad Men" "Big Love" "Breaking Michael C. Hall, "Dexter" Jon Hamm, "Mad Men"  Hugh Laurie , " House  M.D." Gabriel Byrne, "In Treatment" Lead Actress ', 'Hall, "Dexter", Showtime  Hugh Laurie , " House ", Fox Bryan Cranston, "Breaking ABC Robert Sean Leonard, " House ", Fox Stuck with one of the year\'s from Grey\'s as Leonard did from  House . Supporting actress, drama Sandra ', 'Grey\'s Anatomy" and "Boston Legal," Fox\'s " House " and NBC\'s "Heroes." Last year "24" took best nominees are James Gandolfini for "The Sopranos,"  Hugh Laurie  for " House ," Denis Leary for "Rescue Me," James Spader for ', '"Are you the famous Dr.  House  on television?" During my career as a has been confusion regarding which Dr.  House  I am. I was confident that they were referring to my father, Dr. Howard  House , the founder of the  House  Ear Institute ', "Wilson's feelings for her, and of  House 's feelings for Wilson. Even give us deeper insight into  House , who allowed his selfishness was matched by the look on  House 's face when he realized Wilson it made a strong case for  Hugh Laurie , Robert Sean Leonard and Anne ", 'a surgeon in the television series "Grey\'s Anatomy"), and  Hugh Laurie  as Dr. Gregory  House  (a nephrologist and infectious disease specialist in the television series " House "). All pictures were randomly shuffled and shown to eight willing ', 'Nominees: "Grey\'s Anatomy," ABC; " House ," Fox; "The Sopranos," HBO bowing out in 2007. The other nominee, " House ," is one of the hottest shows on TV. But the fact that star  Hugh Laurie  didn\'t earn consideration for best ', 'get their babies out of the  house . Not quite able Marcus Wesson Of the children inside the  house  this morning belonged to Wesson has vanished inside the  house  and the scene outside is chaotic. Officer  Hugh Laurie  ring you know arrives ready ', "we have but there's some but David Koresh had gotten inside the house and hold them off engines aren't. -- -- -- -- -- -- Police audio captures the voices of two women nieces and Wesson who bore him children. Screaming now for police to get their babies out of the house . Not quite able Marcus Wesson stands at the -- were hopeful. I didn't really I don't think it. And if that is ", 'as those outside -- -- And America. Of the children inside the house this morning belonged to -- -- lessons oldest daughter. How old were you when he first had sexual. -- to history. Whether ', "again. This time for -- thanks. Marcus Wesson has vanished inside the house and the scene outside is chaotic. Officer Hugh Laurie -- ring you know arrives ready for another -- -- suddenly Marcus Wesson -- appears at the -- I'm here I'm yelling ", "is off the air but his Alter ego lives hot and after she was fired from Two and a Half Men actor  Hugh Laurie  played Charlie harper in a dream sequence on how check it out. Okay. Either this girl's father well. With the Vermont died ", 'and after she was fired from Two and a Half Men actor Hugh Laurie played Charlie harper in a dream sequence on how -- check it out. -- -- -- -- -- Okay. Either -- this ', 'Steve Buscemi boardwalk empire. Kyle Chandler Friday Night Lights. Michael C. Hall Dexter. Jon Hamm mad men.  Hugh Laurie house . And Timothy all of that justice. For outstanding miniseries or movie the nominee is Cinema Barrett said. Down ', 'Chandler Friday Night Lights. Michael C. Hall Dexter. Jon Hamm mad men. Hugh Laurie house . And Timothy all of that justice. For outstanding miniseries or movie the nominee is -- Cinema Barrett said. Down Nabih masterpiece. The ', "little trouble men. You would come on guys as a girl. We're  Hugh Laurie  economy typically I think will come what you worried at all was the only option. I hated the and nobody he can't. her  house  comparing but if you were born with an extra. I in the middle ", "hated the -- and -- nobody -- -- he can't. -- her house comparing but if you were born with an extra. I in the middle of your forehead. And you know. At -- stared ", 'and cultural so. This is case of scale. Late to the party you know what better late than that silly and we also  Hugh Laurie  of  house  Matthew Fox of and Jon Hamm of mad men yeah and value Bryan Cranston was this a shocker of a winner two years ago ', 'you know what better late than that silly and we also -- Hugh Laurie of house Matthew Fox of -- and Jon Hamm of mad men yeah and value Bryan Cranston was this a shocker of a winner ', "celebrates one of the great job we'll while not nobody was  house  my mother. I that meet your mind there I've written thank like I think that's what really figured out what that pilot  Hugh Laurie  even more than thinking he's fine he's working men accused ", "-- one of the great job we'll while not nobody was -- house -- my mother. I -- that meet your mind there I've written thank you occasionally we would write I appreciate advance the ", 'not just corporations were also for human being. An attorney  Hugh Laurie  now feel like they have too much money to burn but you I guess example my dad had a picture extension built onto the back of his  house . Because his parents were getting older and He knew that they ', 'my dad had a picture extension built onto the back of his house . Because his parents were getting older and He knew that they would probably need a little bit of extra help so claiming ']