['Moore Show" - Mary,  Betty White , Valerie Harper, Cloris screen when they joined  Betty White  for an episode of her hit show " Hot in Cleveland ." They also discussed Leachman added.  Betty White , without missing a ', 'Cloris Leachman join  Betty White  on an upcoming episode of " Hot in Cleveland ." In the episode, Elka, played by  Betty White , and Mamie Sue, played will be the second " Hot in Cleveland " visit for Mary Tyler ', 'co-starred with  Betty White  in White\'s season-long White\'s hit sitcom " Hot in Cleveland ."  Betty White /Sue Ann Nivens As man-hungry Sue Ann Nivens,  Betty White  turned a guest role another hit series, " Hot in Cleveland ," and is host of ', 'single mother of two daughters, who were played by  Valerie Bertinelli  and Mackenzie Phillips. The show was an anthem for a Time" co-star Bertinelli in an episode of " Hot in Cleveland ." Franklin was born Jan. 6, 1944, in Santa Monica ', 'Betty White ,  Valerie Bertinelli ,  Jane Leeves  and  Wendie Malick  are four of behind-the-scenes look at " Hot in Cleveland ." When Mathison READ ALSO:  Betty White  Hangs With Hunks laughed. WATCH:  Valerie Bertinelli  Shares Favorite ', 'mother of two daughters. The daughters were played by  Valerie Bertinelli  and Mackenzie Phillips. "Sending out love and sweet recently appeared on Bertinelli\'s TV Land comedy, " Hot in Cleveland ," and the CBS soap opera "The Young and the Restless ', 'on CNN\'s "Piers Morgan Tonight," he was seen on the small screen in TV Land\'s " Hot in Cleveland ," where he portrayed a love interest of  Betty White \'s character. Philbin says that he is a friend of Ray, whose show followed his for many ', 'success of celebrities like  Valerie Bertinelli  and Kirstie Alley shows, waging role in the cable sitcom " Hot in Cleveland ." Piazza said celebrities over." Piazza estimated that  Valerie Bertinelli \'s earning equaled roughly ', 'favorite Golden Girl,  Betty White . The 90-year-old White appears alongside  Wendie Malick , her co-star in the sitcom " Hot in Cleveland ," who says Berman is Berman\'s nod of approval from  Betty White  comes just one day after ', 'Julie, was played by Mackenzie Phillips and  Valerie Bertinelli  played Barbara, the innocent younger sister the same." Now, Bertinelli stars alongside  Betty White  in " Hot in Cleveland ," a TV Land series about the lives of women ', 'Jason LaVeris/Getty Images  Betty White  has joined the Twittersphere! Using the handle @BettyMWhite, the " Hot in Cleveland " actress already has over 140 White\'s new show, NBC\'s " Betty White \'s Off Their Rockers," a new ', 'In A Comedy Series Alec Baldwin, "30 Rock" Outstanding Performance By A Female Actor In A Comedy Series  Betty White , " Hot In Cleveland " Outstanding Performance By An Ensemble In A Comedy Series "Modern Family" Outstanding Performance By A ', 'Leach - APPROPRIATE ADULT (Sundance Channel)  BETTY WHITE  / Caroline Thomas - HALLMARK HALL OF FAME Delgado-Pritchett - MODERN FAMILY (ABC)  BETTY WHITE  / Elka Ostrovsky -  HOT IN CLEVELAND  (TV Land) Outstanding Performance by an Ensemble ', 'unconventional housemates on " hot in cleveland ," are about to do something a couple weeks. Reporter:  Valerie bertinelli  is feeling the pressure. But shouldn\'t be a problem, with  betty white  as their leading lady. We\'re ', "say is completely different. I've had butterflies for a couple weeks. Reporter: Valerie bertinelli is feeling the pressure. But not so much about her lines. I think the problem will be, I don't know if it's a problem, is just looking at each other and just giggles. And tripping over the furniture, which happens. A lot. Reporter: And making the audience laugh, shouldn't be a problem, with betty white as their leading lady. We're with -- oh. I can talk about it in front of her. It is like having a ", "Valerie Bertinelli  Prepares Her Turkey Meatball Soup, Dishes on New Season of 'Hot in Cleveland'", "in the new season. Of the award winning hit sitcom  hot in Cleveland  starts tomorrow night and today we're going to be clip for people completely want to see it this is.  Betty white 's character is on the lamb with her husband. ring ", "on GMA in the new season. Of the award winning hit sitcom hot in Cleveland starts tomorrow night and today we're going to be cooking with Valerie ends well but. We always have so much we wanted to talk to about you think. Enough time ever a time I the third season as an -- I hate that this season finale last year it was so hysterical you guys have a little. Too much to drink -- mountain but little a couple of quick clip for people completely -- want to see it this is. Betty white's character is on the lamb with her husband. -- ring Don Rickles yes -- well. -- -- Oh we were searching -- ", "about this and all morning long  Betty White  what you gonna do I absolutely work on her most recent. Sitcom  hot in Cleveland . If you must know. started a can't. Gravitational wave. Ms.  Betty White  Arum on eBay the bidding is starting ", "been talking a million -- includes about this and all morning long Betty White what you gonna do -- -- I absolutely hope you know. She's -- Larry -- take a listen to some of her work on her most recent. Sitcom hot in Cleveland . If you must know. -- started a business. -- dating service for seniors very. Sure -- -- clean thing. -- Grandmother I ", "been around lots of -- okay see you can't. Gravitational wave. Ms. Betty White Arum on eBay the bidding is starting at 15100 dollars it'll include two round trip tickets to LA get the tickets to ", 'smells with  valerie bertinelli . She is as busy as ever with " hot in cleveland ." And now, this cookbook, "one dish at a time." Tell me about " hot in cleveland ." We\'re having so much fun ', 'smells with valerie bertinelli . She is as busy as ever with " hot in cleveland ." And now, this cookbook, "one dish at a time." Tell me about " hot in cleveland ." We\'re having so much fun. We\'ve shot about six shows so far. We have a lot of fun. It seems like you ', "The star who is of course in the hit  hot in Cleveland  has now put together a cookbook it's called one dish at a time playing off the name of that classic sitcom. That made her famous ", "The star who is of course in the hit -- hot in Cleveland has now put together a cookbook it's called one dish at a time playing off the name of that classic sitcom. That ", 'And we love  Betty White  stars at the feisty TV land hit sitcom  hot in Cleveland . Already the third all the episodes of  hot in Cleveland  all have a fantastic little bit of a clip  hot in Cleveland  to give people an idea ', "And we love Betty White -- stars at the feisty out got in the TV land hit sitcom hot in Cleveland . Already the third season -- is -- win tonight and she's here to tell us all about that and other hot things going on in your. Hot life. Well but it's a hot or I -- we -- -- that -- of for the last week I am he's been all you have a sizzling hot -- loans there was a marathon on over the weekend of all the episodes of -- hot in Cleveland all have a fantastic time with one another weeks Adori. We both girls are so marvelous to work with. And they're all ", 'since Mary Tyler Moore went off the air in 1977. But not in Minneapolis appear in an episode of  Betty White  show  hot in Cleveland  remember  Betty White  place And this comes on the heels Valerie Harper who played Rhoda announcing recently that she ', 'in 1977. But not in Minneapolis -- appear in an episode of Betty White show hot in Cleveland remember Betty White place -- -- And this comes on the heels -- Valerie Harper who played Rhoda announcing recently that she has incurable brain ']