["'Dancing With the Stars' Season 16: Louis Van Amstel, Sabrina Bryan Blog on Week 5", 'better way to start off an intense night of competition than a hot group number choreographed by "DWTS"" very own  Lacey Schwimmer ! The routine was packed with fun and energy as led by the cast and pros coming back to action....Maks anyone ', "other all day. I actually can't believe with all that going on we were still able to be productive. Kuddos to  Lacey Schwimmer  who choreographed the finale group number and kept us all in line when necessary. During tonight's finale, the ", 'Stars," sang a duet with the world-famous tenor Placido Domingo. Former "Dancing With the Stars" pro dancer  Lacey Schwimmer  and her brother, Benji Schwimmer, also performed with the "Dancing With the Stars" Troupe. Next week, the competition ', 'and Derek Hough: 29 J.R. Martinez and Karina Smirnoff: 29 Rob Kardashian and Cheryl Burke: 22 David Arquette and Kym Johnson: 23 Hope Solo and Maksim Chmerkovskiy: Nancy Grace and Tristan MacManus: 24 Chaz Bono and  Lacey Schwimmer : 19', 'Burke: 44.38 percent tweets positive Nancy Grace & Tristan MacManus: 43.18 percent tweets positive Chaz Bono &  Lacey Schwimmer : 38.05 percent tweets positive Carson Kresley & Anna Trebunskaya: 33.94 percent tweets positive Hope Solo ', '40.65 percent of tweets positive Robert Kardashian & Cheryl Burke: 36.36 percent of tweets positive Chaz Bono &  Lacey Schwimmer : 35.29 percent of tweets positive Ricki Lake & Derek Hough: 34.01 percent of tweets positive J.R. Martinez ', "Chaz Bono Gets the Boot From 'DWTS', Lacey Schwimmer  Says Judges 'Inconsistent'", "down from his criticism of the judges it has been a dramatic week. I'm guessing the stars capped off Chaz Bono and  Lacey Schwimmer  saying goodbye to the ballroom. Last night and and join us now live. From Los Angeles thanks for getting up early ", "dramatic week. I'm guessing the stars capped off -- Chaz Bono and Lacey Schwimmer saying goodbye to the ballroom. Last night and -- and -- join us now live. From Los Angeles thanks for getting up ", "I'm really glad I'm doing this because America really needs to see this. With Dancing With The Stars partner  Lacey Schwimmer  read his son. Trans gender activist Chaz Bono spoke out yesterday for the first time in the wake of some high profile ", 'America really needs to see this. With Dancing With The Stars partner Lacey Schwimmer read his son. Trans gender activist Chaz Bono spoke out yesterday for the first time in the wake of some high profile ', "this is going to be very confusing her children. And should not be included in her cast. With his dancing partner  Lacey Schwimmer  at his side jazz addressed the furor it's made me realize I'm really glad I'm doing this because America really ", "-- should not be included in her cast. With his dancing partner Lacey Schwimmer at his side jazz addressed the furor it's made me realize I'm really glad I'm doing this because America really needs -- ", "glorious wins first thirteen season premiere we have exclusive opportunity to go. Let's see. On dancing with partner  Lacey Schwimmer . More than joins ever land not hurt my cabin attendant and actually. The cast is an and I'll be secret there's ", "exclusive opportunity to go. -- -- Let's see. On dancing with partner Lacey Schwimmer . More than joins ever land not hurt my cabin attendant and -- actually. The cast is an -- and I'll be -- ", 'which touch on his way onto the floor. This partner  Lacey Schwimmer . reminds me Shimmy and shook their way into millions me now fresh from that Chop along with his partner  Lacey Schwimmer . Well the judges alike to tell you how did test it ', "year old which touch on his way onto the floor. This partner Lacey Schwimmer . -- reminds me Shimmy and shook their way into millions of homes. Across America the judge's verdict. With all the pressure tonight ", "joins me now fresh from that Chop -- along with his partner Lacey Schwimmer . Well the judges alike to tell you how did -- test it felt good it was fun you know I mean I'm "]