['Serbian riot police fought running battles on Sunday with hundreds of far-right supporters who hurled Molotov cocktails and stun grenades to try disrupt a gay pride ...', "Kosovo wins victory as UN court calls independence declaration legal, rejects Serbia's claim", "Patriarch Pavle, who led Serbia's Christian Orthodox Church through its post-Communist revival and called for peace and conciliation during the Balkan conflicts of t...", 'U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton on Tuesday urged Serbia and its former province of Kosovo to settle their differences, more than a decade after NATO l...', "Fears of global separatism after UN court rules Kosovo's independence declaration legal", 'Serbian lawmakers reaffirm claim on Kosovo, vow to never recognize Kosovo as independent', 'U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton on Tuesday praised Serbian police for protecting a weekend gay pride march from attacks, as prosecutors opened a crimi...', 'U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton got a warm welcome from large pro-American crowds in the capital of Kosovo on Wednesday as she closed out a three-nati...', "Serbia's interior minister said Wednesday the government will crack down on rising far-right groups trying to destabilize the Balkan country's pro-Western government...", 'Not long ago, Serbian troops were notorious for nationalism, aggression and even war crimes. Now they want to be known as international guardians of peace.In the 199...', "Serbia's prime minister said Monday he is sacking a key coalition partner in a move that could lead to the government's collapse and early elections.Prime Minister M...", 'Taboos are falling fast in Serbia.It has opened talks with Kosovo, the cherished breakaway province Serbs consider the cradle of their culture. It has stepped up eff...', 'Taboos are falling fast in Serbia.It has opened talks with Kosovo, the cherished breakaway province Serbs consider the cradle of their culture. It has stepped up eff...', 'Hero or villain? UN war crimes trial will decide legacy of Croatian Gen. Gotovina', 'UN war crimes prosecutors say 1995 Croatian campaign deliberately ethnically cleansed Serbs', 'BELGRADE, Serbia -- Serbian prosecutors charged six people Tuesday with helping a Bosnian Serb war crimes suspect avoid arrest, including by traveling to Russia unde...', 'Vladan Batic, an opposition leader of the popular revolt in Serbia that ousted President Slobodan Milosevic in 2000, died Wednesday. He was 61.Batic, who also served...', 'Montenegro and Kosovo are holding their first census since gaining independence, rekindling the bitter ethnic rivalries that tore the Balkan region apart.Billboards ...', "Serbia's main nationalist opposition leader has ended his weeklong hunger strike that he had started to try to force early elections.Tomislav Nikolic left a Belgrade..."]