['from viewers\' votes. Jacoby Jones: The Baltimore Ravens wide receiver salsa\'s brought uniform praise from judges  Len Goodman , Carrie Ann Inaba and Bruno Tonioli. Goodman told Jones that he had a "naturalness" about his dance, and was full ', "first dance, the jive, the Baltimore Ravens wide receiver had some special advice during rehearsals from head judge  Len Goodman , who advised him to make his kicks sharp and crisp. Judges saw improvement in Jones' kicks during the performance ", "'Dancing With the Stars': Ingo Rademacher Goes Home in Week 9, Show Marks 300th Episode", "'Dancing With the Stars': Jacoby Jones, Aly Raisman Tie for Lead in Week 9 Semifinals", "roars of approval from the ballroom audience and earned the singer her first perfect score of the season. Head judge  Len Goodman  - who made waves last week when he harshly panned the perceived lack of classic content in Pickler's paso doble ", 'Slacker Radio station! First Routine Zendaya: The Disney\'s star\'s whimsical foxtrot won judges over. Head judge  Len Goodman  called the routine "a pretty dance," adding: "I\'m telling you, (in) this competition, the longer it goes ', "'Dancing With the Stars' Week 7: Raisman Soars to the Top on Latin Night, Pickler Gets Immunity", 'praise. "I don\'t know what\'s going on. Was that an earthquake or did you just rock this place?" head judge  Len Goodman  said. While he said he would have preferred fewer lifts in the routine, he added, "You came out looking great ', "'Dancing With the Stars' Week 6: Kellie Pickler Regains Lead on Stevie Wonder Night", 'lead - she got the season\'s first 10 from head judge  Len Goodman , while boxer Victor Ortiz was in last place. PHOTOS raved about the Disney star\'s cha cha cha. Head judge  Len Goodman  said her name summed up "great dancing," adding that ', 'hugged his pro dance partner, Cheryl Burke, when he learned his fate during the results show, and joked with judges  Len Goodman  and Bruno Tonioli, who had given him some particularly strong criticism. "I\'ve had a ball. I played with house ', "side-by-side challenge - devised by the show's head judge,  Len Goodman  - pitted the celebrity dancers against some of the show's and his timing needed to be better, while head judge  Len Goodman  said Rademacher needed to pay more attention to the finer ", "'Dancing With the Stars' Prom Night: Kellie Pickler Leads in Week 3 of Season 16", "The Routines Aly Raisman: The Olympic gymnast's elegant Viennese waltz won approval from the judges. Head judge  Len Goodman  drew boos from the ballroom audience when he initially told Raisman that he had been impressed with her previous dances ", 'and Their Pro Partners Tonight\'s Routines Ingo Rademacher: His jaunty quickstep left judges divided. Head judge  Len Goodman  said he found the actor much improved. "Your frame was good, your footwork is very hit-and-miss, but overall ', "'Dancing With the Stars' Season 16: Zendaya Coleman Tops Score Board in Season Opener", 'singer and her pro partner Derek Hough performed a spunky cha-cha that had the three judges\' approval. Head judge  Len Goodman  told Pickler that the routine was fun. He pointed out that her legs were "a little bit stiff" but added: "I\'m ', 'With The Stars. And throughout the whole thing book  Len Goodman  did not begin his dancing career until he was twenty The judges have schools and. And joining us now.  Len Goodman  may star of Dancing With The Stars that we Jack thank ', "With The Stars. And throughout the whole thing -- -- book -- Len Goodman did not begin his dancing career until he was twenty years old. But that didn't keep up from dominating the dance world. ", "up. The judges have -- schools and. -- And joining us now. Len Goodman may star of Dancing With The Stars that we Jack thank you for allowing if -- your hometown Almonte plays. I'd never ", "'Dancing With the Stars' Drama': Maks Chmerkovskiy Not Sorry About Comments to Judge Len Goodman ", 'Dancer says he "has nothing to apologize for" following words with  Len Goodman .', 'Smith. This season shows partners comedian DL their first performance the lowest scores of the night from the judges.  Len Goodman  Bob. We met up with them the next day and look at as Sherrill was trying to help her partners bruised ego. What it ', 'first performance -- the lowest scores of the night from the judges. Len Goodman Bob. -- -- -- We met up with them the next day and look at -- as Sherrill was trying to help ', 'for conservation. To our person here tonight, and from "dancing with the stars," to dancing with his new bride.  Len goodman , stars on abc\'s hit show married his longtime girlfriend in london. It was a surprise ceremony. The only person ', 'and from "dancing with the stars," to dancing with his new bride. Len goodman , stars on abc\'s hit show married his longtime girlfriend in london. It was a surprise ceremony. The only person that knew about ', "predict and win Dancing With The Stars don't count on  Len Goodman  thought and the world's worst predictor. Slim once Ricki days. Personal favorite for Carrie Ann Inaba Len  Len Goodman  JR's instant job. And Kerry and was impressed with ", "-- predict -- and win Dancing With The Stars don't count on Len Goodman thought and the world's worst predictor. Slim once figured none of them were making this -- -- -- -- -- -- -- ", "season Ricki -- -- days. Personal favorite for Carrie Ann Inaba Len Len Goodman JR's instant job. And Kerry and was impressed with rob Kardashian and Argentine tango. This season winner will be determined by the ", 'ignited the current firestorm of as the stars take sides in the ballroom brawl between Max and Czerkawski and judge  Len Goodman . You know old news this is my show. As governor offered moment there was just take it or when you would agree in Indian ', 'take sides in the ballroom brawl between Max and Czerkawski and judge Len Goodman . You know -- old news -- this is my show. As governor offered moment -- there was just take it or when ', "subtle reason for mentioning later in the show you'll find out. Why I have something in common with the good judge  Len Goodman  stay tuned up for our report. On at the Miss America coming up that was the TV. We took it back there and good luck ", 'find out. Why I have something in common with the good judge Len Goodman -- stay tuned up for our report. On at the Miss America coming up that was the TV. We took it back ']