['can help a family who has  lost  everything. You can give Graham\'s co-star,  Ian Somerhalder , posted a picture with also the ones that were  lost  along the way." According an individual who\'s  lost  hope,  lost  everything ', 'movie: drama. Jonah Hill  lost  out to veteran actor Christopher earlier this year, and I  lost  out to a guy named Christopher Sci-Fi/Fantasy:  Ian Somerhalder , "The Vampire Diaries Lovato Choice male hottie:  Ian Somerhalder  Choice female hottie ', 'Bormann accused Fox, the star of " Lost ," of hitting her as he tried Earlier this week, Fox\'s " Lost " co-star,  Dominic Monaghan , tweeted that Fox beats women. During a Q&A with " Lost " fans, one user asked Monaghan ', 'you resemble." Who\'s Who?  Ian Somerhalder , who met an untimely death early on " Lost ," now stars in CW\'s "Vampire resumes its run mid-season.  Ian Somerhalder  and Rob Lowe Celebrity Lookalikes ', 'introduced in the third season of "  Lost  " as if they had been there all along supposed survivors of the Oceanic  Flight 815  plane crash that was the catalyst earning fans\' ridicule. Eventually, " Lost " show runners, who realized that ', 'most debated . When Oceanic  Flight 815  crashed on the first episode of " Lost " in 2004, a perplexing island and a few miracles. " Lost " sparked an unrivaled cult Far from the island, " Lost " fans Mike Berlin, Alex ', 'Sunday night "  Lost  " fans across the country got one final Sawyer about the final episode of " Lost ." For Cuse and Lindelof, it was really over now." The men behind " Lost " also divulge what scene at the beginning ', 'sideways and other plot twists, ABC\'s " Lost " came to an end last night with yet another Hurley and the other passengers of Oceanic  flight 815  gathered in a church for a funeral reception Were you satisfied with the ending of \' Lost \'?', 'It\'s been a long haul for faithful " Lost " viewers, but the end has come CLICK HERE to participate in a live " Lost " fan chat, Sunday, May 23 between smorgasbord of mysteries left. Will the " Lost " series finale (Sunday, May 23 at ', 'between good and evil on " Lost " squared off for the final the fate of the Oceanic  Flight 815  passengers was revealed included in Sunday night\'s " Lost " finale. As the six-year believe all aboard Oceanic  Flight 815  died when the plane broke ', 'everyone\'s favorite primetime mystery " Lost " comes to an end on Sunday. Fans Diane Sawyer, and a few die-hard " Lost " fans from the ABC news room. The years. And what about all those " Lost " mysteries? Have you been wondering ', 'world of "  Lost  ," one of To be a " Lost " fan is twist in " Lost " -- and played by  Dominic Monaghan , now of season by  Ian Somerhalder . Also returning So when " Lost " lights boarded Oceanic  flight 815  in a wheelchair ', 'promises to be ABC\'s " Lost ." "Hands down Serialized shows, like " Lost " and "24" do especially you\'ll want to catch:  Lost : 9 p.m. Tuesday who fell out of \' Lost \' will tune in for show, including  Dominic Monaghan , who was killed ', "happen even when vampire diaries is no more which I can't imagine happening. Well you never died and me even when you on  lost . And you were you came back. Yet but I you don't mind but then you're there in the finale again you know and he came ", "happening. Well you never died and me even when you -- on lost . And you were -- you came back. Yet but I you don't mind but then you're there in the finale again you "]