['Stars Scotty McCreery, American Idol Mike "The Situation" Sorrentino, Jersey Shore Choice TV: Female Reality Star  Lauren Alaina , American Idol Melanie Amaro, The X Factor The Kardashians, Keeping Up With The Kardashians Tia & Tamera Mowry ', 'only "Idol" contestant to publicly battle the waistline bulge during the show\'s reign. Last year\'s runner-up  Lauren Alaina , 16, reportedly shed 25 pounds in her five months on the show. Breakout "Idol" stars Jennifer Hudson and Jordin ', 'at a western store in Nashville not long ago, so it was nice to get the buckle-shaped CMT Award from the fans.  Lauren Alaina , Casey James, Jana Kramer, Scotty McCreery, The Farm and Kip Moore all gave mini-performances on the CMT Music ', 'Several stars were spotted in the crowd, including former "Idol" champ Carrie Underwood and Jane Lynch of "Glee."  Lauren Alaina  and Taylor Hicks were there, too. "Idol" alums and real-life couple Ace Young and Diana DeGarmo actually got ', 'opening number. Phillip later told Ryan Seacrest he only went to the doctor and was doing fine. Last year\'s runner up  Lauren Alaina  returned to the show to sing her latest single, "Georgia Peaches." This week\'s mentor, Mary J. Blige, returned ', 'much a part of any "American Idol" season as Randy Jackson saying "Yo, dawg." Casey Abrams, Crystal Bowersox,  Lauren Alaina  and David Cook are just a few of the contestants who\'ve had health crises during the competition.', "'American Idol': Jessica Sanchez Masters Whitney Houston's 'I Will Always Love You'", "Jennifer said he made it his own and killed it. Randy loved Phillip's alt-indie spirit. American Idol returns Thursday night at 8 p.m. ET on Fox with the results and a performance from last season's runner-up  Lauren Alaina .", 'joined by comedian Kathy Griffin, while Fox will offer an all-country lineup featuring"American Idol" runner-up  Lauren Alaina . New to the mix is NBC\'s "New Year\'s Eve With Carson Daly," who will welcome fellow NBC stars Jimmy Fallon ', 'Bowden 1949 Bonnie Raitt 1950 Mary Hart 1966 Gordon Ramsay 1968 Parker Posey 1975 Tara Reid 1985 Jack Osbourne 1994  Lauren Alaina  Jump back to Nov. 7: Day in History . View more videos from This Month in History: November .', 'all-country final in "American Idol" history, with  Lauren Alaina  taking on McCreery for the crown. USA Today writer Brian after Alaina performed her Jimmy Iovine-chosen song " Like My Mother Does ," bringing her mother to tears. Ultimately, Lopez declared ', 'It has been quite a year for seventeen year old Lauren a lane she was runner up on season ten of American Idol her debut album wildflower went to number one on iTunes country charts for the first day. As you just read first tour with country stars Jason all dean and Luke Bryan and her current', "Carrie Underwood is definitely. Here gets us in these. Days she just started start. She says successful she's being down starts at. reality series that ordered. That now I know that that he actually. Yeah there's certain when he me. That's. So and everything me. McVeigh in Paris and she texted me"]