['finalists: Florence Henderson as "Carol Brady" Doris Roberts as "Marie Barone" Marion Ross as "Marion Cunningham"  Barbara Billingsley  as " June Cleaver " Best TV Host WINNER: Johnny Carson Other finalists: Ellen DeGeneres Oprah Winfrey Carol Burnett David Letterman ', "play offense. We're going to take it from Mitt Romney. And if he wants to come back tell us why we need to go back to  Leave it to Beaver  and the 1950s, fine, President Obama will go forward. Matthew Dowd DOWD: We have had two presidents now in a row ", 'President Obama Opens Up on Fatherhood, Weighs in on Weiner Scandal, in Exclusive Interview', 'father. Obama: Parents Must Set Limits, Offer Structure While the first lady had what the president describes as a " Leave It to Beaver " upbringing -- in a traditional family unit -- Obama was raised by his mother, Ann Dunham, with help from her parents ', 'would have most wanted to have Cliff Huxtable, played by Bill Cosby as their father growing up followed by  Ward Cleaver  ( Leave it to Beaver ) and Jim Anderson (Father Knows Best). What these fathers all have in common is that they are a throwback ', 'Barbara Billingsley , who is sitcom " Leave It to Beaver ," died Wally and  the Beaver , which lasted celebrating " Leave It to Beaver \'s" 50th After " Leave It to Beaver " went off her role as  June Cleaver  that made ', 'than half a century. The royal was 31 the last time she stood before the assembled world representatives in 1957, when " Leave It to Beaver " had recently premiered on TV and the Soviet Union had launched Sputnik. She expressed optimism for the fledgling U ', 'Hobica added. "They\'re the class clown-cum-bully of the airline industry. If Spirit were a character on \' Leave It to Beaver ,\' they\'d be Lumpy Rutherford." A week after Tiger Woods crashed his SUV into a fire hydrant, Spirit launched an ', "Clem's Chronicles: Obama & School Kids/Swine Flu/Changing Workforce/Arson seen as cause of Cali fires", 'later the American viewing audience could set its sights higher by watching the Cleavers in their modest suburban home on " Leave it to Beaver ." By the 1970s, "The Brady Bunch" lived in an even bigger home and could afford a Hawaiian vacation. The families ', "blue-gray grottos and lairs, at least make the inhabitants' motivations plausible so we're not unearthing blithe  Leave it to Beaver  crackpots living la vida mundane in Dante's eighth or ninth circles. 5. Get the camera out of NPC faces. Take advantage ", "The Beaver 's big brother, Wally (his real name is of course  Tony Dow ) is showing one of his abstract sculptures at the Louvre. Yes, the Louvre in Paris. Dow has had his hands in the fine arts ", 'of town. Tualatin, which one protester described as a " Leave it to Beaver " community of about 25,000, is gyrating over a businessman\'s scenes in the country. We also have our eccentricities."  The Beaver  state\'s liberal laws allow Portlanders to enjoy their ', 'concede.  Leave It to Beaver  a few days iconic. That  Leave It to Beaver  eventually And face  June Cleaver . Mother and her played by  Barbara Billingsley  is now a three actor  Jerry Mathers  makes personal toilet. in  the beaver  wanted to with kids  Hugh Beaumont  died of a rolls on  Leave It to Beaver  to go out ', "lot more innocent. Gathering around the TV to watch a sitcom called Leave It to Beaver could make you feel all was right with the world well then hop in the GM -- TV time machine. Your guide from LA Dancing With The Stars host. Tom Bergeron Tom good morning to you. Guard Chris yes we're in the TV time machine boys and girls and Leave It to Beaver fifty years ago today I think debuted. Currently it's available about a 140 languages a 180 countries I think there -- -- three planets other than earth were you concede. Leave It to Beaver a few days ago I sat down for a few hours with the cast of the show. And we strolled down -- -- -- Leave it to -- -- Tonight half a century ago premiered -- TV sitcom so iconic. That Leave It to Beaver eventually became a pop culture adjective for a clean cut non instructional that. And face -- June Cleaver . Mother and her played by Barbara Billingsley is now a young 92 years old -- I wish I was in -- Mostly that's -- -- -- -- -- Is at 59 year old father of three actor Jerry Mathers makes personal appearances and recently performed in -- on Broadway. -- -- -- -- -- -- -- when He starts yelling action ", "television before any other show let's review showed a toilet. -- in the beaver wanted to pet and sent away for an alligator. Without telling their parents and her family decided to keep it in the toilet tank because if you water drive to show a bathroom on television was definitely -- -- The way to censors let it go on with -- -- kids Hugh Beaumont died of a heart attack. 25 years ago. And -- as the greatest father I think on television. And I was a pretty good mom who I -- -- -- right now. Barbara and you were our second parents we will be fooling around the set -- -- heard from the other room was. Boy is He -- that was huge was it difficult for you guys as actors after being so closely identified with the rolls on Leave It to Beaver to go out -- and try to continue an acting career. First Mario wars I was never quite right -- -- you ", "was just weren't right. Think that everybody else was going up -- Leave It to Beaver . And felt very very badly that they -- but they can at least see how the rest of us were living but it wasn't true all the fans every family is dysfunctional three. Then -- and welcome them. There's always a skeleton in everyone's glasses there was a rumor that I had married Barbara Billingsley -- I'd let my standard answer to it would in a moment. -- -- ", 'showed. But toilet wall in  the beaver  wanted to and sent away people who the top of the  Hugh Beaumont  died of a heart attack 25 still be administered. But  Hugh Beaumont  was not the original  Ward Cleaver  in the pilot episode. Why ', "television before any other show last -- showed. But toilet wall in the beaver wanted to -- and sent away for an alligator. Without telling their parents her and you decided to keep it in the toilet tank as you water drive to show a bathroom on television was definitely for -- The way to censors let it go on with the people who -- the top of the -- Hugh Beaumont died of a heart attack 25 years ago. And -- as the greatest father I think on television. And I was a pretty good mom who -- -- I think -- really was was a Methodist minister and so we became an actor so we can work part time and still be administered. But Hugh Beaumont was not the original Ward Cleaver in the pilot episode. Why -- Mac Showalter using the stage name Casey Adams plays ward let me explain why you couldn't ", "make all the difference in the success of a child. ABC's Dan Harris explains. The tiny tableau of family dinner on  Leave It to Beaver  mom in Carlsbad in a tie gathering for calm orderly so now feels for many of us. Hopelessly unattainable. Thanks having ", "child. ABC's Dan Harris explains. The tiny tableau of family dinner on Leave It to Beaver mom in Carlsbad in a tie gathering for calm orderly -- so now feels for many of us. Hopelessly unattainable. -- -- ", "make all the difference in the success of a child. ABC's Dan Harris explains. The tiny tableau of friendly dinner on  Leave It to Beaver  mom in Carlsbad in a tie gathering for calm orderly now feels for many of us. Hopelessly unattainable. Yeah. They hadn't ", "child. ABC's Dan Harris explains. The tiny tableau of friendly dinner on Leave It to Beaver mom in Carlsbad in a tie gathering for calm orderly -- -- now feels for many of us. Hopelessly unattainable. Yeah. They ", "drink. Less likely to smoke. And less likely to smoke marijuana. He thinks that children's channel the old days of  Leave It to Beaver  style family dinners. Also tend to do better academically. didn't challenge disagreements. Naked in two weeks fourteen ", "marijuana. He thinks that -- children's -- channel the old days of Leave It to Beaver style family dinners. Also tend to do better academically. -- didn't challenge disagreements. Naked in two weeks fourteen straight days eating dinner ", 'priceless moments you and your wife had very different childhoods. Her mother father her father was a very present very strong  Leave It to Beaver  sort of throws from the shelter but mom dad. Brother sister same house same neighborhood. We know and I was all over ', 'childhoods. Her mother father her father was a very present very strong Leave It to Beaver sort of throws from the shelter but mom -- dad. Brother sister same house same neighborhood. We know and I was all ', "This Father's Day. You and your wife had very different childhoods. Her mother father of her very present very strong  Leave It to Beaver  rose from shelter but mom dead. Brother sister same house same neighborhood. We and I was all over the place without ", 'different childhoods. Her mother father of her -- very present very strong Leave It to Beaver -- rose from shelter but mom dead. Brother sister same house same neighborhood. We -- and I was all over the place ']