['To many, Hillary Duff is best remembered as  Lizzie McGuire  from the popular kids show, but this actress and singer is also a bestselling author and now, a wife and mom to be. Duff appeared ', 'Jennifer Freeman, star of the hit sit-com "My Wife and Kids," and her husband, Indiana Pacers point guard Earl Watson, are the latest celebrity couple to have reconciled , after Freeman allegedly attacked and bit Watson during a domestic dispute last week, according to news website TMZ.com. Watson', 'since 1997, two of which have been certified platinum, and he has appeared on several television series including " Lizzie McGuire " and "7th Heaven," as well as making his Broadway debut playing JoJo the Who in "Seussical the Musical" in 2001 ', 'since 1997, two of which have been certified platinum, and he has appeared on several television series including " Lizzie McGuire " and "7th Heaven," as well as making his Broadway debut playing JoJo the Who in "Seussical the Musical" in 2001 ', 'Sesame Street" so long to embrace girl power the way other popular kids\' shows like "Dora the Explorer" and " Lizzie McGuire " have? "It\'s hard to write and portray women as funny without giving them some sort of stereotypical hang-ups ', 'Stuff by  Hilary Duff ." Even the and with the " Lizzie McGuire " TV show she since leaving " Lizzie McGuire " two years ago Wait" on "The  Lizzie McGuire  Movie" soundtrack follow-up album, " Hilary Duff ," reached No ', "Hilary Duff  performed live Haylie Duff. From  Lizzie McGuire  to Cinderella The Disney Channel's  Lizzie McGuire  (Disney is the screen version The  Lizzie McGuire  Movie in 2003 knowledge. Go to  Hilary Duff 's official Web ", 'Ashlee Simpson. 2.  Hilary Duff  vs. Lindsay Lohan What 2003, he moved on to  Hilary Duff . When Lohan showed of my reality." 3.  Hilary Duff  vs. Avril Lavigne Duff\'s report, and the former " Lizzie McGuire " star thought that ', 'down the road from many of the major studios.  Hilary Duff  and Jennifer Love Hewitt are among the many the family behind. Hallie Todd, who played  Hilary Duff \'s mother on the show " Lizzie McGuire " and now gives acting lessons at her acting ', "Hilary Duff  performed live Haylie Duff. From  Lizzie McGuire  to Cinderella The Disney Channel's  Lizzie McGuire  (Disney is the screen version The  Lizzie McGuire  Movie in 2003 knowledge. Go to  Hilary Duff 's official Web ", "changed more?  Hilary Duff  or  Lizzie McGuire  Duff's fabulously years ago,  Lizzie McGuire  hit the Disney poster and a  Lizzie McGuire  poster and I to know what  Lizzie McGuire  is about does Gordo ( Adam Lamberg ), Lizzie's ", 'This week in music  Hilary Duff  bases with dignity. Known for being oh so sweet Hillary show lost. Is a shot at Michael Lindsay Lohan other X  Lizzie McGuire  singing about romantic rejection and other problems that ', "This week in music Hilary Duff bases with dignity. -- -- -- -- -- -- Known for being oh so sweet Hillary Duff has decided to show her nasty side. On the title track and dignity in nineteen year old -- on phony celebrities and red carpet show lost. Is a shot at Michael Lindsay Lohan other -- -- X Lizzie McGuire singing about romantic rejection and other problems that come along with being a teenager. But it's more than music on -- agenda. ", "have given not meet. But is it healthy for them. were really good. Joseph. And some lag and it's a scene from  Lizzie McGuire  these days reality you don't and Parker is. I think just became a vegetarian there are many reasons. teens choose ", "really good. -- Joseph. And some lag and it's a scene from Lizzie McGuire -- these days -- -- reality you don't and Parker is. I think just became a vegetarian there are many reasons. -- "]