['become a tradition for "Idol" winners to appear at the event: Taylor Hicks, Jordin Sparks, David Cook, Kris Allen,  Lee DeWyze  and Scotty McCreery all sang at the meeting in the years they won the competition.', 'White guy with a guitar" or "WGWG" factor. According to Rushfield, since America crowned David Cook, Kris Allen,  Lee DeWyze  and Scotty McCreery, there\'s no reason why they won\'t do it again, which means a Phil Phillips victory. "Jessica ', 'soap, "The Young and the Restless," where she plays Angelina, the daughter of resident mobster, Angelo.  Lee DeWyze Lee DeWyze  has the dubious distinction of being the least successful "American Idol" winner in the show\'s history. After ', 'be at 1OAK while will.i.am will DJ at Surrender.  Lee DeWyze  Not all the stars will be in Vegas. In the heartland, "American Idol" champ  Lee DeWyze  will perform in hometown Chicago at the Hard Rock Hotel ', 'close while competing on the show. Take a look at other rumored romances from past seasons:  Lee DeWyze  and Siobhan Magnus Season nine finalists  Lee DeWyze  and Siobhan Magnus reportedly became close while competing last year on "American Idol ', "It also doesn't hurt, Mansfield said, that he looks most like the past three winners, David Cook, Kris Allen and  Lee DeWyze . The Glamberts' Revenge: James Durbin There's no doubt that Durbin, the Santa Cruz, Calif., rocker with Asperger's ", 'the first time to use social media, like Twitter and Facebook. More Music Business Cred Last year\'s "Idol" winner  Lee DeWyze  sold only 98,000 copies of his debut album. If winners keep up that track record, the show will continue to lose ', 'the first time to use social media, like Twitter and Facebook. More Music Business Cred Last year\'s "Idol" winner  Lee DeWyze  sold only 98,000 copies of his debut album. If winners keep up that track record, the show will continue to lose ', 'the first time to use social media, like Twitter and Facebook. More Music Business Cred Last year\'s "Idol" winner  Lee DeWyze  sold only 98,000 copies of his debut album. If winners keep up that track record, the show will continue to lose ', 'American Idol " season finale. "After the nationwide vote. I can now tell you the winner of American Idol 2010 is ...  Lee DeWyze  !" And in the end it would be a "Beautiful Day" for that 24-year-old former paint store clerk, who bested Ohio ', 'the ninth season of " American Idol " has come down to a contest between the early favorite, Crystal Bowersox , and  Lee DeWyze  , once a middle-of-the-pack contender whose popularity with judges and fans has steadily grown. The DeWyze-vs ', 'Simon Cowell made his final appearance on "American Idol" Wednesday night.  Lee DeWyze  claimed the title as the ninth "Idol" over runner-up Crystal Bowersox, but it was Cowell who claimed the night as his own ', 'American Idol" observers, Casey James was voted off the show tonight, leaving longtime favorites Crystal Bowersox and  Lee DeWyze  to battle it out for the ninth season crown. "I\'m so thankful for the opportunity and it\'s been an amazing, amazing ']