["one of the stars of  AMC 's hit series. Breaking Daniels the newsroom.  Jon Hamm mad men  Damione Lewis homeland Dockery Downton Abbey.  Elisabeth Moss mad men . Washington scandal House of cards. And  mad men . Aaron. I'm excited ", 'Abbey. Bryan Cranston breaking bad and -- think Jeff Daniels the newsroom. Jon Hamm mad men -- Damione Lewis homeland. And Kevin Spacey house of cards. The nominees for lead actress in a drama series are. Connie Britton Nashville. Claire Danes homeland. Michelle Dockery Downton Abbey. -- -- -- -- -- -- Elisabeth Moss mad men -- Washington scandal. And Robin -- house of cards. The nominees for lead actor in a miniseries or movie are. But it ', "I'm going to be the chief. And  Don Draper  matters sterling. And but all these Act year old firm working with  Don Draper . If it there's stuff that they pick if there's somebody on the  mad men  that does that for you. Death and ", "hit Arlington yet pick pick -- -- if there's somebody on the mad men that does that for you. Death and time ran to him. -- discretionary -- he's really close friend and he's given me ", "seen a clip. From  mad men  season five. Starring among many other people  John Slattery  and  John Slattery  is here Roger sterling regional agency that  Don Draper  worked for he's a with the simplest.  Jon Hamm  has done it. Everybody ", "saw when it explode now now with the simplest. -- -- -- Jon Hamm has done it. Everybody. Things a little -- something it's just that moment. That's -- musical moment musical moment that you share ", "Mad men . Is about the world viewers are mad for  mad men . No land when He manager played by  Christina Hendricks  she's very controlled surface maybe it is  Don Draper  realizes happiness seen on Sundays on  AMC . Starting this Monday ", "happiness -- Joan Holloway is the cunning provisions office manager played by Christina Hendricks she's very controlled. But also very sensuous and very sexy while she's doing. And didn't walk through this experience and He usually. ", "lives of Americans  AMC 's new show  mad men  gives us a closer to be joined by  John Slattery  one of the stars of  mad men . For joy that Which is where  Don Draper  the center of 1960. And manic  mad men  refers to Madison ", "avenue ad agencies had eight haven't influenced. Of the lives of Americans AMC's new show mad men gives us a closer look at the world behind this profession. And we're happy to be joined by John Slattery one of the stars of mad men . For joy that my pleasure thank you for having me it's so lovely to see you -- -- your your floor -- pinstripe. -- -- suits between. I guess my two jobs. That in this I'm I'm always guys do. Well tell us a little bit -- Roger -- with a -- thoughts about Roger sterling owns inherited affirms their Sterling Cooper. Which is where Don Draper the center of the show works -- the creative directors. It's an ad firm in 1960. And manic mad men refers to Madison. -- -- -- -- -- what did you do to protect prepare for the -- -- you know I ", "Elisabeth Moss  is as they say in Hollywood hot she's part of the Emmy winning.  AMC  drama  mad men  where she plays secretary turned copyright and all boys' club. Now she's starring on Broadway as a who comes between two Hollywood ", "Elisabeth Moss is as they say in Hollywood hot she's part of the Emmy winning. AMC drama mad men where she plays secretary turned copyright and all boys' club. Now she's starring on Broadway as a -- who comes between two ", "Happened after the nomination deadline there was some concern that maybe he would make it this year because that character.  Don Draper  really really gave you everything in those last few episodes a Contender here for an award that he's never won Hannah and ", "concern that maybe he would make it this year because that character. Don Draper really -- -- really gave you everything in those last few episodes a -- Contender here for an award that he's never ", 'victims unit. Julianna Margulies the good wife and  Elisabeth Moss mad men . For lead actor in a drama series nominees are Chandler Friday Night Lights. Michael C. Hall Dexter.  Jon Hamm mad men . Hugh Laurie house. And Timothy all of that justice ', 'law and order special victims unit. Julianna Margulies the good wife and Elisabeth Moss mad men For lead actor in a drama series nominees are. Steve Buscemi boardwalk empire. Kyle Chandler Friday Night Lights. Michael C. Hall Dexter. Jon Hamm mad men Hugh Laurie house. And Timothy all of that justice. For outstanding miniseries or movie the nominee is -- Cinema Barrett said. Down ', "concerned is an  AMC  series called mad talking to the star  mad men Jon Hamm  about what's wonderful character  Don Draper  is it I mean we'd love this  Don Draper  and I'm saying it to the new to  mad men  as a show who I ", "the -- happening right now as far as I'm concerned is an AMC series called mad man. And it's starting in the season and in a minute we'll be talking to the star -- mad men Jon Hamm about what's going on but first let's take a little peek. Pac man. I've never been a month. She won't get married ", "Mad men 's  Don Draper  falls and alcoholism is dark side recent disruptions in his personal life have played a big role in his nonstop drinking. Last ", "Mad men's Don Draper falls and alcoholism is dark side recent disruptions in his personal life have played a big role in his nonstop drinking. Last ", 'going to move on to " mad men " and  january jones . She is revealing best known for playing  don draper \'s perfectly coifed ex-wife, betty on " mad men ." But now 35-year-old actress  january jones  says looks can be deceiving ', 'At any rate, we\'re going to move on to " mad men " and january jones . She is revealing her hair is falling out in big clumps. She says it\'s from coloring it so much. It\'s not just a danger for stars but for anybody who dyes their hair. And abc\'s tanya rivero has the story. Reporter: She\'s best known for playing don draper\'s perfectly coifed ex-wife, betty on " mad men ." But now 35-year-old actress january jones says looks can be deceiving when it comes to hair. She says her hair is falling out in clumping. Adding, she should ', "Brownie TV queen guard and and  mad men  star  Jon Hamm  and a warm words he took a swipe moment and treated My I'm. And  Don Draper  is women well they just build their what. And between James Bond in  Don Draper  it's up to cue card dashing in ", "defuse heating up Hollywood. Brownie TV queen -- guard -- and and mad men star Jon Hamm and a warm words he took a swipe at her she's now firing back and Lindsey Davis has the latest. On all ", 'Mad men Don Draper  has had a tough year first does divorce episodes of binge drinking and now the death a close friend. The only woman who knew all ', 'Mad men Don Draper has had a tough year first does divorce episodes of binge drinking and now the death -- a close friend. The only ', "Vincent Kartheiser , who plays Pete Campbell, says he's recognized all the time.", "tribute to a man who ushered in the golden age of television. Every time you're fascinated by cable tv anti-heros like  don draper  or dexter morgan you have tony soprano and james gandolfini to thank. Our thoughts and prayer is with his family nt to ", "age of television. Every time you're fascinated by cable tv anti-heros like don draper or dexter morgan you have tony soprano and james gandolfini to thank. Our thoughts and prayer is with his family nt to. ", "I'm glad it's there are always felt it was Cooper describes it some version of  Don Draper  on. Is that Chris is that yeah well that's  Christina Hendricks  this is what early. When the early press from Christina which I love this is actually ", "are always felt it was -- Cooper describes it some version of Don Draper on. Is that Chris is that yeah well that's Christina Hendricks -- this is what -- early. When the early press -- from Christina which I love this is actually something is to "]