['minutes every week, " m . A . S . H ." I don\'t waste my dr. Hawkeye pierce,  alan alda  became a star. You want Attention, all personnel. " M . A . S . H ." Was filmed on location show\'s popularity,  alan alda  gave peay tour of the ', 'war for all of us. At least for 30 minutes every week, " m . A . S . H ." I don\'t waste my time drinking and chasing women. We\'re thinking of chasing own drinking women. It eliminates one process. Playing dr. Hawkeye pierce, alan alda became a star. You want out of here? After the army went to the trouble of arranging all this mud and lice. ', 'father happy. But as we all know  Alan Alda  would grow to be better at. Medicine beloved Hawkeye Pierce on the TV show  mash  up And then a long career parking would be great. And so we truth.  Alan Alda  and his wild idea. this inspire ', "I'm here to make my father happy. But as we all know Alan Alda would grow to be better at. Medicine on TV as the beloved Hawkeye Pierce on the TV show mash up -- -- And then a long career parking across stage and screen. And now 1576. Years old he is returning the ", 'news for fans of movies the movies  mash  Nashville shortcuts and even Gosford director of all of them has died.  Robert Altman  was 81 an earlier this year he won Okay shall see it on the legacy of  Robert Altman  thanks.', 'Sad news for fans of movies the movies mash Nashville shortcuts and even Gosford Park. The director of all of them has died. Robert Altman was 81 an earlier this year he won the -- lifetime achievement award for more on his life and works for joined ', 'Actor  Harry Morgan  best known for starring in the hit series  mash  has Morgan starred in ten TV series 100 films and on Broadway. But it was his portrayal of colonel Sherman potter on maps that made household name and won him an Emmy for best supporting actor.  Harry Morgan  was 96.', 'Actor Harry Morgan best known for starring in the hit series mash has -- Morgan starred in ten TV series 100 films and on Broadway. But it was his portrayal of colonel Sherman potter on maps that made -- -- household name and won him an Emmy for best supporting actor. Harry Morgan was 96. ']