['80s cop series "Crime Story," and Det. Joe Fontana on "Law and Order." Most recently, he starred in the  HBO  series " Luck " and produced and starred in the independent film, "The Last Rites of Joe May." The Chicago native, who had ', 'Shorty," \'\'Saving Private Ryan" and "Midnight Run." Among his many TV portrayals was Det. Joe Fontana on "Law & Order." He starred in the 1980s cult favorite, "Crime Story" and most recently was in the  HBO  drama series " Luck ."', 'Staunton, "The Girl,"  HBO ; Ellen Burstyn, "Political Real Time With Bill Maher,"  HBO ; "Saturday Night Live Children\'s Program: "Good  Luck  Charlie," Disney Channel Nation for Kids: Quiz Ed!,"  HBO ; "A YoungArts Masterclass ', 'In the film "Tootsie,"  Dustin Hoffman  plays Michael Dorsey, a down-on-his- luck  actor who dresses up as a woman Institute. MORE: Oscar Winner  Dustin Hoffman \'s New Role Behind the Camera In ', "Verizon iPhone 5 looking to switch to AT&T, you're in  luck . The Associated Press reported last Saturday that Verizon's 10,000 apps for both Nooks, in addition to movies from  HBO , Starz, Disney and Warner Bros. Movies will be stored ", 'parts of China, their bushy tails are considered good  luck  charms in wedding ceremonies. Red pandas also face the seem so lovable that they have been featured in movies -  Dustin Hoffman  voiced the character Master Shifu in the "Kung Fu Panda ', "spin, Aereo detects your location. Out of New York, out of  luck . (The company gave me a temporary special test account that Asian-language audiences. You won't find premium offerings such as  HBO  or Showtime, or cable TV channels such as AMC, CNN and ESPN ", 'not only on the cultural benefits of the arts, but on its economic importance as well. Richard Kind, star of the  HBO  series " Luck ," emphasized the industry\'s power to stimulate the economy. For every dollar spent by the NEA, according to ', 'AP Photo The  HBO  Series " Luck " will cease concern,"  HBO  said in a press Executive producers  Michael Mann  and  David Milch  joined in Animals criticized  HBO  after the deaths a day." " Luck ," starring  Dustin Hoffman , told the story ', 'the set of the  HBO  drama " Luck " has the network being used on the  Dustin Hoffman  series, had just horse\'s injuries.  HBO  released a statement Animals criticized  HBO  after the deaths in a day." " Luck  ," created by  David Milch  ("Deadwood ', 'Alcatraz" and " Luck ." "Lost Premieres Jan. 16.  HBO  is betting on " Luck ," a new horse-racing Oscar winner  Dustin Hoffman  in his first Deadwood" creator  David Milch  and famed director  Michael Mann  follows the returns to  HBO  for its third ', 'HBO  Home Box Office did some major in 2012, including the " Luck ," a drama created by "Deadwood" creator  David Milch  centering on horse racing, starring  Dustin Hoffman , and "Veep," a political ', 'Police have told ABC News that actor  Nick Nolte  was either mistaken or lying when few tricks with what\'s left of  Nick Nolte \'s mind." Nolte told GQ the photograph making a return to television in the  HBO  series  Luck ," a drama about the horse racing ', 'Dustin hoffman , an interview that\'s Reporter: In "tootsie"  dustin hoffman  plays a down on his  luck  actress. What? Don\'t another reason why we love  dustin hoffman . Uh-huh. That\'s remarkable ', 'Dustin hoffman , an interview that\'s gone wildly viral. He tears up when talking about his iconic character in "tootsie." And what he leaed about the pressure on women to look beautiful. Our weekend anchor dan harris, has the story. Reporter: In "tootsie" dustin hoffman plays a down on his luck actress. What? Don\'t play hard to get. Reporter: The movie came out in 1982 and was a huge hit. I\'d like to ', "see that emotion in the character. And another reason why we love dustin hoffman . Uh-huh. That's remarkable. I'm glad we got to see that. ", "HBO 's horse racing series has suspended filming with horses after another is the third horse to die during production of the show which stars  Nick Nolte Dustin Hoffman .  HBO  agreed to suspend filming any scenes with horses while the death is ", "HBO's horse racing series -- has suspended filming with horses after another animal died on the sat. On Tuesday a -- used in the show was being walked to a stable at -- -- -- -- California. When it -- and fell backward hitting its head. And that determine the horse had to be put down it is the third horse to die during production of the show which stars Nick Nolte -- Dustin Hoffman . HBO agreed to suspend filming any scenes with horses while the death is investigated. ", "wow. I'm we're an  HBO  series called lock which that happened. Is that  Dustin Hoffman  in  Nick Nolte  Joan Allen and John Ortiz and  David Milch  is writing producing congratulations. Best  luck  to you out of film is ", "what are we expecting from you next wow. I'm we're -- an HBO series called lock which has come out and -- actually cancer to asthma attack that happened. Is that Dustin Hoffman in Nick Nolte Joan Allen and John Ortiz and David Milch is writing -- -- producing as well and it's it's just a beautiful beautiful project about horse racing and every facet around it's now -- you guys are. Two very very talented actors and and the -- gotten critical acclaim said congratulations. Best luck to you out of film is called Brody and it's -- now at the TriBeCa film festival. Keep your eyes peeled -- ", "Family matter. That's about happy OK so we've seen on  HBO  behind the candelabra this incredible. Movie we can call said I think she's more gangster than Drake. An incredible  luck  shut that we just have to share with you everybody remembers ", "Family matter. That's about -- happy -- OK so we've seen on HBO behind the candelabra this incredible. Movie we can call it would be glad about -- -- life. Well there's also it was ", "Life has been unsinkable. I loved seeing you. How pretty. Right back at you. Happy birthday and best of  luck  with this and the movie on  hbo . I put it on -- it's on -- I'm that thing now, you know -- that thing, the internet. Yeah. I'm ", "you. How pretty. Right back at you. Happy birthday and best of luck with this and the movie on hbo . I put it on -- it's on -- I'm that thing now, you know -- that thing, the internet. Yeah. I'm on ", 'get that de Niro you know He had we had a period Edward  Dustin Hoffman  and Robert to and I sort of war. Interchangeable. There like this habitats. Since you know thank you so much good  luck  with the movie eight minutes thank you are much. Flash ', 'Niro -- you know He had -- we had a period Edward Dustin Hoffman and Robert to -- and I sort of war. Interchangeable. There was a theory that you -- all the -- all the ', "for some football. The folks at  HBO  certainly our neighbor with a new to handle. They do the production  HBO  on this. And they send a team of That's surprising to me well good  luck  the right. Good  luck  to yes that there's no hard knocks ", "on everyone's mind are your ready for some football. The folks at HBO certainly our neighbor -- with a new season of their behind the scenes look at an NFL training camp. Hard knocks -- ", 'NFL films is uniquely qualified to handle. They do the production -- HBO on this. And they send a team of people into the fields -- it. They send a team of people into the ']