['Thursday in the drama series category. The nominees were fellow  AMC  original series "Breaking Bad" and " Mad Men ," \'\'Downton Abbey," \'\'Game of Thrones," \'\'Homeland ', 'attend because she\'s playing a tournament in Sweden. Peterson and Phelps also won two awards each.  Jon Hamm , the star of  AMC \'s " Mad Men " and a noted St. Louis Cardinals fan, hosted the 21st annual show from the Nokia Theatre. He joked ', 'Abbey," \'\' Mad Men " and last Homeland." " Mad Men ," which this year. " Mad Men " and its Abbey";  Jon Hamm  of " Mad Men "; Jeff Daniels episodes on  AMC , goes out Abbey;"  Elisabeth Moss  of " Mad Men "; Connie ', 'Breaking Bad,"  AMC ; "Downton Netflix; " Mad Men ,"  AMC . Comedy Breaking Bad,"  AMC ; Hugh Bonneville Netflix;  Jon Hamm , " Mad Men ,"  AMC Netflix;  Elisabeth Moss , " Mad Men ,"  AMC Showtime;  Christina Hendricks , " Mad Men', 'Homeland House of Cards  Mad Men  Outstanding Lead Actress Farmiga, Bates Motel  Elisabeth Moss ,  Mad Men  Kerry Washington Daniels, The Newsroom  Jon Hamm ,  Mad Men  Damian Lewis, Homeland Mirren, Phil Spector  Elisabeth Moss , Top of the Lake ', 'Nashville"; Claire Danes, "Homeland"; Michelle Dockery, "Downton Abbey"; Vera Farmiga, "Bates Motel";  Elisabeth Moss , " Mad Men "; Kerry Washington, "Scandal"; Robin Wright, "House of Cards." The 65th Primetime Emmy Awards will ', 'are: Hugh Bonneville, "Downton Abbey"; Bryan Cranston, "Breaking Bad"; Jeff Daniels, "The Newsroom";  Jon Hamm , " Mad Men "; Damian Lewis, "Homeland"; Kevin Spacey, "House of Cards." The 65th Primetime Emmy Awards will be presented ', 'attend because she\'s playing a tournament in Sweden. Peterson and Phelps also won two awards each.  Jon Hamm , the star of  AMC \'s " Mad Men " and a noted St. Louis Cardinals fan, hosted the 21st annual show from the Nokia Theatre. Quarterback ', 'Homeland," " Mad Men ," "Game of Thrones Downton Abbey";  Elisabeth Moss , " Mad Men "; Kerry Washington Breaking Bad";  Jon Hamm , " Mad Men "; Damian Lewis and perpetual nominee  Jon Hamm , who has never won ', 'Jerrod Neimann is 34. Actress Summer Glau is 32. Actress  Elisabeth Moss  ("The West Wing") is 31. Actress Anna Paquin is 31 the Angry Inch") is 42. Actor Jay R. Ferguson (" Mad Men ") is 39. Actor James Lafferty ("One Tree Hill ', 'more and more evil as the  AMC  drama progresses, and even in the sci-fi series.  Don Draper , " Mad Men " On the surface,  Don Draper , played by  Jon Hamm , is a family man, but fans of the  AMC  show know that underneath ', 'that are built like me ... : Kiss my fat ass."  Christina Hendricks Christina Hendricks  wore a strapless Christian Siriano dress to the don\'t put a big girl in a big dress." The " Mad Men " star\'s husband, actor Geoffrey Arend, jumped ', 'Elisabeth Moss  is known for her role as devoutly Catholic copywriter on  AMC \'s " Mad Men " - but in real life, the 30-year-old actress to discuss " Mad Men \'s" current season. During individual," she said. The " Mad Men " star added that she is ', "Mad men  it's television wounds and  Jon Hamm  as the dashing enigmatic ad man  Don Draper  not one to season of  AMC 's  mad men  45. Bring miniature.  Christina Hendricks  sets hearts say where  mad men 's plot ideas to play  Don Draper  takes cues styling as of  January Jones . Hailed unproduced. Until  AMC 's saved ", "-- exactly. As -- and the agency's imperial lethal street office miniature. Christina Hendricks sets hearts ablaze a careful if you -- these terrorists as vehicles -- are. And everybody is always good to see how do you walk so when you show us how you sit in the chair delicately. You have to do a perfect balance. In the middle. That's it that's at. -- While no one will say where mad men's plot lines may be headed its bolstered by the mind meld between its creator and its star. The beginning of every season. John and I have a launch about what's gonna happen where is -- and I'm very collaborative person I may not remember that John gave me the best idea of the season and never mentioned again if we get a deal. That. He. You know gets to be out there -- super handsome and I get to have all the ideas to play Don Draper -- takes cues for memories of his late father. Remember going to write -- -- and to see row upon row suits. ", "one of the stars of  AMC 's hit series. Breaking Daniels the newsroom.  Jon Hamm mad men  Damione Lewis homeland Dockery Downton Abbey.  Elisabeth Moss mad men . Washington scandal House of cards. And  mad men . Aaron. I'm excited ", 'Abbey. Bryan Cranston breaking bad and -- think Jeff Daniels the newsroom. Jon Hamm mad men -- Damione Lewis homeland. And Kevin Spacey house of cards. The nominees for lead actress in a drama series are. Connie Britton Nashville. Claire Danes homeland. Michelle Dockery Downton Abbey. -- -- -- -- -- -- Elisabeth Moss mad men -- Washington scandal. And Robin -- house of cards. The nominees for lead actor in a miniseries or movie are. But it ', "I'm going to be the chief. And  Don Draper  matters sterling. And but all these Act year old firm working with  Don Draper . If it there's stuff that they pick if there's somebody on the  mad men  that does that for you. Death and ", "hit Arlington yet pick pick -- -- if there's somebody on the mad men that does that for you. Death and time ran to him. -- discretionary -- he's really close friend and he's given me ", "seen a clip. From  mad men  season five. Starring among many other people  John Slattery  and  John Slattery  is here Roger sterling regional agency that  Don Draper  worked for he's a with the simplest.  Jon Hamm  has done it. Everybody ", "saw when it explode now now with the simplest. -- -- -- Jon Hamm has done it. Everybody. Things a little -- something it's just that moment. That's -- musical moment musical moment that you share ", "Mad men . Is about the world viewers are mad for  mad men . No land when He manager played by  Christina Hendricks  she's very controlled surface maybe it is  Don Draper  realizes happiness seen on Sundays on  AMC . Starting this Monday ", "happiness -- Joan Holloway is the cunning provisions office manager played by Christina Hendricks she's very controlled. But also very sensuous and very sexy while she's doing. And didn't walk through this experience and He usually. ", "lives of Americans  AMC 's new show  mad men  gives us a closer to be joined by  John Slattery  one of the stars of  mad men . For joy that Which is where  Don Draper  the center of 1960. And manic  mad men  refers to Madison ", "avenue ad agencies had eight haven't influenced. Of the lives of Americans AMC's new show mad men gives us a closer look at the world behind this profession. And we're happy to be joined by John Slattery one of the stars of mad men . For joy that my pleasure thank you for having me it's so lovely to see you -- -- your your floor -- pinstripe. -- -- suits between. I guess my two jobs. That in this I'm I'm always guys do. Well tell us a little bit -- Roger -- with a -- thoughts about Roger sterling owns inherited affirms their Sterling Cooper. Which is where Don Draper the center of the show works -- the creative directors. It's an ad firm in 1960. And manic mad men refers to Madison. -- -- -- -- -- what did you do to protect prepare for the -- -- you know I "]