['Now, Barney is engaged to Eddie Judge: "8 weeks until wedding .... Yikes," she tweeted April 14, 2013.  LuAnn de Lesseps  In 2009, the "Real Housewives of New York City" star received an email from her husband, Count Alexandre de Lesseps ', 'Care Ward at the Humane Society of New York . While expected attendees include "Real Housewives of New York" star  LuAnn de Lesseps  and Dylan Lauren, the owner of the Dylan\'s Candy Bar chain and daughter of Ralph Lauren, all eyes will be on Baby ', 'said. "They lived so lavishly in New Jersey that there\'s some schadenfreude in [the bankruptcy] ." Contessa  LuAnn de Lesseps , of the "Real Housewives of New York City," was rich, married to a French nobleman, and somewhat condescending ', "From Danielle Staub to Bethenny Frankel: The Winners and Losers of 'The Real Housewives'", 'the White House. The Winners: Bethenny Frankel,  Luann de Lesseps  Not everyone\'s "Real Housewives" run ends with Fellow "Real Housewives of New York" cast member  LuAnn de Lesseps  could have gone the catty route. The royally connected ', 'bananas." THE WINNERS: Bethenny Frankel,  Luann de Lesseps  Bethenny Frankel and  LuAnn de Lesseps . While some flop, others fly. Case in Real Housewives of New York" cast member  LuAnn de Lesseps  could have gone the catty route. The royally ', 'definitely not the types of people I would necessarily want to rub elbows with," "Real Housewives of New York" star  LuAnn de Lesseps  told ABC News. She says reality TV is not to blame for the Salahi\'s behavior, but the misguided desire of certain ', 'Botox party, plans to create an exercise video to explain how to get her youthful appearance. New York housewife  Luann de Lesseps , wife of a Count (though they are currently separated), wrote a book on etiquette called "Class with the Countess ', "lifestyle for?: I wouldn't mind living in Hawaii with bleached blonde hair and bleached blonde hair babies.  LuAnn de Lesseps  Stats: A real-life Countess whose French aristocrat husband comes from the family that built the Panama Canal and ", 'D.L. Hughley and Countess  Luann De Lesseps  discuss balancing relationships and fashion.', "Luann de Lesseps , Aviva Drescher and Heather Thomson discuss show's new season.", 'Luann De Lesseps , Sonja Morgan, Ramona Singer dish on drama from seasons 4 and 5']