['mother, Sherry Hamilton, told ESPN at the time. In "Soul Surfer," Sherry Hamilton is played by actress  Helen Hunt  of TV\'s " Mad About You " fame, and Bethany\'s father, Tom Hamilton, is played by actor Dennis Quaid. There are a few elements ', "have gone instead to political columnist Arianna Huffington, who pocketed $2,000 and $5,000 from ' Mad About You ' star  Paul Reiser  and 'West Wing' creator Aaron Sorkin, and $21,000 or more from Miramax honcho Harvey Weinstein and 'Seinfeld ", "Stephen Sondheim music on Broadway; Carrie performed in the rock opera Rent. While Burnett played  Helen Hunt 's high-strung mom on  Mad About You ; Carrie portrayed a struggling young performer on Fame. Their artistic paths diverged until Carrie ", 'big screen. Now, three years later, it\'s practically  Helen Hunt -ing season. The actress can currently be seen opposite and a beautiful part to play," Hunt says, referring to  Mad About You , "and it took me a while. You want to rest and refuel ', 'big screen. Now, three years later, it\'s practically  Helen Hunt -ing season. The actress can currently be seen opposite and a beautiful part to play," Hunt says, referring to  Mad About You , "and it took me a while. You want to rest and refuel ', 'big screen. Now, three years later, it\'s practically  Helen Hunt -ing season. The actress can currently be seen opposite and a beautiful part to play," Hunt says, referring to  Mad About You , "and it took me a while. You want to rest and refuel ', "big screen. Now, three years later, it's practically  Helen Hunt -ing season. The actress can currently be seen opposite love and a beautiful part to play, Hunt says, referring to  Mad About You , and it took me a while. You want to rest and refuel. And ", 'Oscar- and Emmy-winning actress  Helen Hunt  has separated from her husband her comedic lead character in  Mad About You , separated from her husband of He also had a recurring role on  Mad About You  as Nate the dog walker and is ', 'i totally forgot this that you played a terrific role on " mad about you ." I loved reading behind the scenes. I forgot that you for. But it was really them with that show, paul ricer,  helen hunt . The wonderful directors that they had. I can\'t remember ', "emmy for. But it was really them with that show, paul ricer, helen hunt . The wonderful directors that they had. I can't remember the director but he was awesome. Let me ask you about deckland. All "]