['kind of judge Stern would be. "I feel like there\'s not enough delay on a live show to handle Howard Stern,"  Melinda Doolittle , who finished third on the sixth season of "Idol," told ABCNews.com. "The thing about Simon, even though ', 'Some fans of the show believe that fellow contestant  Melinda Doolittle  actually deserved to win the talent competition the Top 7, while heavily favored vocal powerhouse  Melinda Doolittle  was knocked out of the final showdown, could maintain ', 'American Idol" title and a $1 million record deal last night, controversial judge Simon Cowell believed finalist  Melinda Doolittle  should have taken home the crown. "I said Melinda should\'ve won," he said. "She tried the hardest, was consistently ', 'was the shock heard around the "Idol" world. "American Idol" judge Simon Cowell\'s pick for the final two --  Melinda Doolittle  -- was voted off Wednesday night\'s show. Host Ryan Seacrest told Doolittle the words no "Idol" contestant ever ', "wasn't as good (or as experienced) as the likes of such fellow contestants as Jordin Sparks, Phil Stacey, and  Melinda Doolittle , but I thought that'd I'd been improving as a showman, and according to the Big Three, that's much of what ", 'I really cannot recall anytime on the show where I felt discriminated against. Reporter: Season six finalist,  melinda doolittle , said one thing "american idol" isn\'t, is racist. Three of the show\'s past winners are black. Other contestants ', 'on the show where I felt discriminated against. Reporter: Season six finalist, melinda doolittle , said one thing "american idol" isn\'t, is racist. Three of the show\'s past winners are black. Other contestants say singers on "idol" ', "There on the matter for law that makes that that's a great and I gotta keep your room that's now also Melinda  Melinda Doolittle  and ho was saying you she she sang background Sorin Tucson one on the CB and one that's going to be moments. And ", "great and I gotta keep your room that's -- now also Melinda Melinda Doolittle and ho was saying -- you -- -- she she sang background Sorin Tucson one on the CB and one that's going ", "betting on Jordan Blake. Are in  Melinda Doolittle  is now. Here is ABC's behind America hasn't heard the last of  Melinda Doolittle . Would you step it was a shock is the end of the road for.  Melinda Doolittle  Simon's pick for the final ", "necessarily to the odds -- we're betting on Jordan Blake. Are in Melinda Doolittle is now. Here is ABC's behind police we don't know that you were watching -- couldn't take your eyes off I -- it last night I was shocked. You know she may not be the next American Idol but judging from past finalists you can be sure that America hasn't heard the last of Melinda Doolittle . Would you step -- it was a shock heard around the -- world America has decided. That this is the end of the road for. Melinda Doolittle Simon's pick for the final two making an unexpected farewell. So what does -- future have in store for the 29 year ", "she's got five point four million in sales. But for those like Melinda Doolittle there is hope take a look at season five's top four finishers. While winner Taylor Hicks is CDS sold 700000. Copies when ", "So even though the lakers Jordan will become this season's American Idol. Melinda Doolittle still could finish as America's sweet home. ", 'of the final twelve contestants work stylus to help create their new image. our new threads former backup singer  Melinda Doolittle  is proving she can do a lot. While Jordan went from Hurley and fit. Educated son of Trinidad part of is Katie saying ', 'help create their new image. -- our new threads former backup singer Melinda Doolittle is proving she can do a lot. While Jordan went from Hurley and -- -- -- fit. Educated son of Trinidad part ', "you crazy. Simon Cowell isn't surprised that Jordan sparks won. But he still has a soft spot for his favorite.  Melinda Doolittle . Forget who wins the most votes who deserved to win seasons I She tried the politics was consistently the best ", 'sparks won. But he still has a soft spot for his favorite. Melinda Doolittle . Forget who wins the most votes who deserved to win seasons I -- -- -- -- -- -- She tried the politics ', "you crazy. Simon Cowell isn't surprised that Jordan sparks one. But he still has a soft spot for his favorite.  Melinda Doolittle  forget who wins the most votes who deserved to win seasons I said should of one. She tried the politics was consistently ", 'sparks one. But he still has a soft spot for his favorite. Melinda Doolittle forget who wins the most votes who deserved to win seasons I said -- should of one. She tried the politics was ']