["partner Karina Smirnoff danced the jive next to  Maksim Chmerkovskiy  and Anna Trebunskaya, and Jones' animated performance her partner, Val Chmerkovskiy, and dance pros  Maksim Chmerkovskiy  and Anna Trebunskaya. The routine brought the ", "Johnson, Rycroft and Monaco Compete Tonight in 'Dancing With the Stars: All-Stars' Finals", 'believes they connected because they understood how it felt to be underappreciated. He said he just felt like  Maksim Chmerkovskiy \'s "little brother," and had not lived up to his own expectations. He thinks Monaco understood how that felt ', "Kirstie Alley and Gilles Marini Voted Off 'Dancing With the Stars: All-Stars' in Week 8", 'I learned more about dancing, believe it or not," she said, and thanked and her professional dance partner  Maksim Chmerkovskiy . "He\'s so patient with me and he\'s so helpful to me and I just love dancing..." She also thanked her ', "'Dancing With the Stars: All-Stars' Recap: In Week of Military Tributes, Trio Dances, Melissa Rycroft Reigns", 'vibrant performance." Ohno earned 29 points. Kirstie Alley: Alley\'s barefoot paso doble - alongside her partner  Maksim Chmerkovskiy  and pro dancer Tristan MacManus - was a bit of a disappointment to judges. Tonioli praised the originality of ', "Kirstie Alley Tells All: Secret Romance With Patrick Swayze, Calls John Travolta 'Greatest Love'", 'before millions of viewers on ABC\'s hit show "Dancing With the Stars: All Stars," alongside her pro partner,  Maksim Chmerkovskiy . This time, the duo is strictly friends, but has logged countless hours together in rehearsals and the reality-show ', "'Dancing With the Stars: All-Stars' Recap: Country Night Brings Perfect Scores in Week 6", 'Murgatroyd: 56.5; 27.5: Total: 84 Emmitt Smith and Cheryl Burke: 56; 26.5: Total: 82.5 Kirstie Alley and  Maksim Chmerkovskiy : 52.5; 27.5: Total: 80, plus 2 bonus points for Kelly Monaco and Val Chmerkovskiy: 51.5; 27: Total ', "Smirnoff: 27; 29.5: Total: 56.5 Emmitt Smith and Cheryl Burke: 29; 27: Total: 56 Kirstie Alley and  Maksim Chmerkovskiy : 25.5; 27: Total: 52.5 Kelly Monaco and Val Chmerkovskiy: 24.5; 27: Total: 51.5 Can't get enough 'Dancing ", "'Dancing With the Stars: All-Stars' Recap: High Scores for Guilty Pleasures, Group Dance in Week 5", 'Individual Dance Gilles Marini and Peta Murgatroyd: 29.5 Emmitt Smith and Cheryl Burke: 29 Kirstie Alley and  Maksim Chmerkovskiy : 25.5 Kelly Monaco and Val Chmerkovskiy: 24.5', "'Dancing With the Stars: All-Stars' Recap: Gilles Marini, Shawn Johnson Tied for First Place in Week 4", 'Melissa Rycroft and Tony Dovolani: 37 Emmitt Smith and Cheryl Burke: 36 Sabrina Bryan and Louis Van Amstel: 35.5 Apolo Ohno and Karina Smirnoff: 34.5 Bristol Palin and Mark Ballas: 32 Kirstie Alley and  Maksim Chmerkovskiy : 30', 'pick a dance which would actually suit the couple. In our case we had to choose a dance for Kirstie Alley and  Maksim Chmerkovskiy . As soon as our 10 seconds started Sabrina looked at me and I told her: if you want to be hard on them, give ', "was voted off, the routine won't be performed; Bryan picked the Charleston for Alley, and her pro partner,  Maksim Chmerkovskiy , didn't look happy. Palin ended up with rock and roll.", "'Dancing With the Stars: All-Stars' Week 3 Recap: Monaco, Rycroft Tied for Lead in Iconic Dance Week", 'paso doble that Laila Ali and  Maksim Chmerkovskiy  performed in a previous season cha-cha, with her pro partner  Maksim Chmerkovskiy  channeling Mick Jagger - shirtless Trebunskaya: 24 Kirstie Alley and  Maksim Chmerkovskiy : 24 Bristol Palin and Mark ', ". We have been waiting for it all morning long. They are the hottest on the dance floor, karina smirnoff and  maksim chmerkovskiy . It's alberto, santa rosa, vocalist will help us with this. What we're talking about a return to broadway ", 'long. They are the hottest on the dance floor, karina smirnoff and maksim chmerkovskiy . It\'s alberto, santa rosa, vocalist will help us with this. What we\'re talking about a return to broadway of "forever tango." A ', "Kyle Massey,  Maksim Chmerkovskiy  on 'DWTS' challenges amid Kirstie Alley's fall.", 'Tony Dovolani and  Maksim Chmerkovskiy  are among the professionals poised for big return.', 'After impressive performances, Kirstie Alley,  Maksim Chmerkovskiy  take a spill.', 'The actress and her partner  Maksim Chmerkovskiy  discuss why they click so well.']