['Dancing team joins "GMA" to discuss their experiences on popular reality-TV show.', "The 'Dancing With the Stars' couple discuss music and competing on the hit show.", 'Derek Hough,  Mark Ballas , Val Chmerkovskiy and Karina Smirnoff face off in "Two to Tango."', "leaving right now. It's. Kristen and mark. Shot heard round here in this video that there this morning Camilleri  Mark Ballas  placed for getting up so early this morning. And I I gotta say I'm sorry guys that was just a shot. Paying our sad ", "round here in this video that there -- this morning -- Camilleri Mark Ballas placed for getting up so early this morning. And I I gotta say I'm sorry guys that was just a shot. Paying ", 'neon lights and electronic dance beats for aly raisman showcasing incredible athleticism and earning her and partner  mark ballas  a perfect score of 30. Meantime, country sweetheart kellie pickler wowed the audience and the judges with a contemporary ', 'beats for aly raisman showcasing incredible athleticism and earning her and partner mark ballas a perfect score of 30. Meantime, country sweetheart kellie pickler wowed the audience and the judges with a contemporary routine that even ', "surprise was supposed to look like. The bad news is I dropped it and I ruined it. It tastes the exact same. Reporter:  Mark ballas  was surprised his name didn't appear on aly's cake. It's our birthday. Can I write mark? Reporter: And a birthday ", "dropped it and I ruined it. It tastes the exact same. Reporter: Mark ballas was surprised his name didn't appear on aly's cake. It's our birthday. Can I write mark? Reporter: And a birthday wish that ", "With the safety first routine adjustment technically the He wasn't the only Alongside basement of this fallout after  Mark Ballas  was nursing a sore lower back. Right down here of that but it is no Boehner damage and egress an right now don't ", '-- Alongside -- basement of this fallout after -- -- -- -- Mark Ballas was nursing a sore lower back. Right down here of that but it is no Boehner damage and egress an -- right ', "reality show doesn't always come from the contestants themselves. On dips in with the stars Cheryl Burke Derrick and  Mark Ballas  are there to make the story The professionals were not. Technically the one a competing. It's really about the journey ", "contestants themselves. On dips in with the stars Cheryl Burke Derrick and Mark Ballas are there to make the story -- The professionals were not. Technically the one -- a competing. It's really about the journey ", "hit show Beverly Hills 9021 would last night. Shannen Doherty and her partner two time Dancing With The Stars champ  Mark Ballas  became the first couple to hang up they're dancing shoes this season. But even though their time in the competition ", "Shannen Doherty and her partner two time Dancing With The Stars champ Mark Ballas became the first couple to hang up they're dancing shoes this season. But even though their time in the competition was brief ", "this news that we must deal with today a harsh reality for reality TV star Kim Kardashian has she and her partner.  Mark Ballas  and champion last year. We're given their walking papers this morning are good enough to join us very nice to have ", "reality for reality TV star Kim Kardashian has she and her partner. Mark Ballas and champion last year. We're given their walking papers this morning are good enough to join us very nice to have mark. ", "depends usually wearing it right now right now I'm looking even grow up like one big family. Cheryl has known Derek and  Mark Ballas  since they were kids. who grew up do you lived and trained with the Stanley in London from age eleven. And the current ", 'even grow up like one big family. Cheryl has known Derek and Mark Ballas since they were kids. -- who grew up do you -- lived and trained with the -- Stanley in London from age ', "we always do wanna hear from you so we want you to tell us which Dancing With The Stars pro dancer is your favorite.  Mark Ballas  Cheryl Burton. Max and cost you knew Tony Donald cop Jim Johnson Justin McManus and Arenas they're not. And Kevin's ", "tell us which Dancing With The Stars pro dancer is your favorite. Mark Ballas Cheryl Burton. Max and -- cost you knew -- Tony Donald -- -- cop Jim Johnson Justin McManus and Arenas they're not. ", '"DWTS" Champ Kristi Yamaguchi and partner  Mark Ballas  talk about their big win.', "Bristol palin is worried she won't get her former pro,  mark ballas . Take me under their wing, show me the dance systems palin does not have to worry about having a teacher like  mark ballas , she'll be dancing with the two-chime champion this ", "comfortable with. Bristol palin is worried she won't get her former pro, mark ballas . Take me under their wing, show me the dance systems like mark did. Someone I'm comfortable with. Melissa rycroft suspects the show's ", "toll palin does not have to worry about having a teacher like mark ballas , she'll be dancing with the two-chime champion this season. And melissa rycroft returns with her partner tony dovolani. Tony joins us live ", "basically a hand whenever he dances. He was gonna try to push through Monday night but if you watched didn't happen  Mark Ballas  looks is going to be stepping in for him. For the remainder of the. This season it's always tough when this if you ", "try to push through Monday night but if you watched didn't happen Mark Ballas looks -- is going to be stepping in for him. For the remainder of the. This season it's always tough when this ", "Stars here. Double elimination night last let's right to two votes and got the boot this week. Yet Bristol Palin and  Mark Ballas  both of them got voted and last week. Comment last night apparently knew they were bumping up against the presidential ", 'two votes and got the boot this week. Yet Bristol Palin and Mark Ballas both of them got voted and last week. Comment last night apparently knew they were bumping up against the presidential debates -- ']