['risky real estate loans. Brokered hot money deposits and loans to well known convicted felons and mobsters like.  Michael Johns  your go even this mystery trip to a Florida and when she went to see him his business in which he ran a prostitution ', 'money deposits and loans to well known convicted felons and mobsters like. Michael Johns your -- go even this mystery trip to a Florida and when she went to see him -- his business in which ', "would capture these crazy the my whole life for the some level I was ready to. Back then within have achieved it is  Michael Johns  and along to us Rachel's alma. Have to just almost and that eventually get to us we want in the books. There was ", "level I was ready to. Back then within have achieved it is Michael Johns and -- -- -- -- along to us -- Rachel's alma. Have to -- just almost and that eventually get to us ", "You have natural charisma of a lead Maybe that's because He Wallace.  Michael Johns  formerly band frontman Michael had a record deal by years ago and is one of several of this year's idol contestants causing controversy ", "-- natural charisma of a lead -- Maybe that's because He Wallace. Michael Johns formerly band frontman Michael -- -- had a record deal by years ago and is one of several of this year's idol ", "Back. And they raise sixty million dollars that was a good thing but there was and that he's yeah unfortunately  Michael Johns  has been asked to me. Voted off the show. It it was a surprisingly early departure a lot of people really like ten ", "was a good thing but there was and that he's yeah unfortunately Michael Johns has been asked to me. Voted off the show. It it was a surprisingly early departure a lot of people really like ", 'were stunned and the crowd booed when Australian rocker  Michael Johns . Was sent packing now the dismissal of the Aussie heartthrob think we ought to band together to get through it.  Michael Johns  gonna miss them now what do you think this all means ', "night. The judges were stunned and the crowd booed when Australian rocker Michael Johns . Was sent packing now the dismissal of the Aussie heartthrob -- is a big surprise Johnson never been in the show's bottom ", 'and I think we ought to band together to get through it. Michael Johns gonna miss them now what do you think this all means you think maybe the fact that He was kicked off last ']