['provided." Ron Sauder, vice president of communications at Emory University, noted that the No. 3 ranking of Dr.  Michael Johns , executive vice president of health affairs, was largely based on an 11-year deferred compensation payment. Johns ', 'Jessica Simpson). It\'s a solid inspirational ballad, though, and David, playing piano, sang it powerfully.  Michael Johns  selected "Dream On" by Aerosmith, not a song (or group) you\'d normally associate with inspirational themes ', 'is Ramiele Malubay, lugging luggage that\'s almost as tall as she is. "I feel like Santa Claus," she groans.  Michael Johns  has a spring in his step, but it\'s deceiving. "I can\'t sleep on this thing. I keep thinking it\'s going to ', "The tour includes Brooke White, Carly Smithson, Chikezie Eze, David Archuleta, Jason Castro, Kristy Lee Cook,  Michael Johns , Ramiele Malubay, Syesha Mercado and this year's winner, David Cook. The tour launches in Glendale, Ariz ", 'in a field most observers say is superior to last year\'s. "I was sadder this year with people leaving, when  Michael Johns  left, when Carly (Smithson) left. At the same time, we still have some really good people on the show. It wasn\'t ', 'signed to a six-record deal with MC records in 1999. In total, the label invested more than $2 million in her.  Michael Johns , formerly a band frontman named Michael Lee, had a record deal five years ago. He is another such contestant in ', 'wasn\'t a loss of mail but wouldn\'t go further. "It\'s not billions of dollars," Assistant U.S. Attorney  Michael Johns  said, but declined to provide other details. Television station KPNX said $3.7 million was missing. Moore characterized ', "of the contestants that were voted off a little earlier on in the season. And we are so happy to be joined today by  Michael Johns  Kristy Lee Cook Jason Castro and Brooke White guys thanks so much for joining us today. I think just. Evidence there's ", "the season. And we are so happy to be joined today by Michael Johns Kristy Lee Cook Jason Castro and Brooke White guys thanks so much for joining us today. I think -- just. Evidence there's ", 'risky real estate loans. Brokered hot money deposits and loans to well known convicted felons and mobsters like.  Michael Johns  your go even this mystery trip to a Florida and when she went to see him his business in which he ran a prostitution ', 'money deposits and loans to well known convicted felons and mobsters like. Michael Johns your -- go even this mystery trip to a Florida and when she went to see him -- his business in which ', "would capture these crazy the my whole life for the some level I was ready to. Back then within have achieved it is  Michael Johns  and along to us Rachel's alma. Have to just almost and that eventually get to us we want in the books. There was ", "level I was ready to. Back then within have achieved it is Michael Johns and -- -- -- -- along to us -- Rachel's alma. Have to -- just almost and that eventually get to us ", "You have natural charisma of a lead Maybe that's because He Wallace.  Michael Johns  formerly band frontman Michael had a record deal by years ago and is one of several of this year's idol contestants causing controversy ", "-- natural charisma of a lead -- Maybe that's because He Wallace. Michael Johns formerly band frontman Michael -- -- had a record deal by years ago and is one of several of this year's idol ", "Back. And they raise sixty million dollars that was a good thing but there was and that he's yeah unfortunately  Michael Johns  has been asked to me. Voted off the show. It it was a surprisingly early departure a lot of people really like ten ", "was a good thing but there was and that he's yeah unfortunately Michael Johns has been asked to me. Voted off the show. It it was a surprisingly early departure a lot of people really like ", 'were stunned and the crowd booed when Australian rocker  Michael Johns . Was sent packing now the dismissal of the Aussie heartthrob think we ought to band together to get through it.  Michael Johns  gonna miss them now what do you think this all means ', "night. The judges were stunned and the crowd booed when Australian rocker Michael Johns . Was sent packing now the dismissal of the Aussie heartthrob -- is a big surprise Johnson never been in the show's bottom ", 'and I think we ought to band together to get through it. Michael Johns gonna miss them now what do you think this all means you think maybe the fact that He was kicked off last ']