['of 10 years, Paul Nassif, announced their split last summer. Maloof, 51, and Nassif have three sons together.  Michaele Salahi  Michaele and Tareq Salahi famously crashed a 2009 state dinner at the White House, and went on to appear on "The ', "a few others that should make us all think twice before posting. They Crashed, Then Shared The couple Tareq and  Michaele Salahi  crashed the White House state dinner (at the time they were filming Bravo's ill-fated Real Housewives of D ", 'Tareq Salahi and  Michaele Salahi  made headlines for crashing a presidential inauguration party back in 2009. Tommaso Boddi/Getty Images Inauguration Day is about ', "Journey Guitarist Neal Schon and 'Real Housewives' Star Michaele Salahi  Engaged", 'classic rock-band Journey, and reality-TV star  Michaele Salahi  are engaged. Schon popped the question during a Journey crashed a party at the White House. RELATED: Tareq and  Michaele Salahi : White House Party Crashers to Divorce Tareq Salahi ', 'Journey guitarist Neal Schon has settled his ongoing legal battle with Tareq Salahi, who sued the musician for $50 million after his wife Michaele left him for Schon. Though the case had twice been dismissed by a Virginia judge this year, a rep for Journey...', 'Secret Service prostitution scandal: Obama calls for investigation; director should be fired, WaPo writer says', 'to another." The only scandal that comes close to this one, Kessler said on CNN, was in 2009, when Tareq and  Michaele Salahi  crashed the state dinner at the White House. "It goes back to a culture of laxness in the Secret Service," Kessler ', 'girlfriend, former "Real Housewives of D.C " star  Michaele Salahi , walking on a beach hand in hand and making out while Dancing With the Stars." In happier days, Tareq and  Michaele Salahi  had managed to crash a White House state dinner Tareq ', 'state dinner, but Tareq and  Michaele Salahi  have not gone quietly. First apparent breakup of Tareq and  Michaele Salahi  is playing out in front of the the couple, told "GMA" of  Michaele Salahi \'s feelings towards Schon ', 'White House party crasher and reality-TV star is engaged to Journey guitarist Neal Schon.', "Warren sheriff's office received a call from Terry so body on Tuesday evening of September 3 2111 that a 11:55 PM. This is a He advises that it last heard from his wife about six hours ago. He was concerned because she had not had had not had contact. From him an area in order Oregon area. You're", 'Husband Tareq Salahi thought his wife was kidnapped until photo of her surfaced.', "Mr. also lobbies on quite a journey with her new boyfriend. The former. Her real husband. On stage He gave her a warm welcome. So lucky and her estranged husband aren't speaking. But journey says there's no dropped with new. They're definitely I mean you can see It divide here is so great and bring", 'Whoopi Goldberg explains how she treated "Real Housewives" star  Michaele Salahi .']