['What do Harry Connick Jr. and Lady Gaga have in common? Well, nothing really, except they both performed on the "American Idol" stage tonight. Gaga may have been an odd choice for crooner\'s week, in which the remaining six contestants tackled Frank Sinatra songs with Connick as their mentor,', 'Inspirational song week will be capped off by tonight\'s " Idol Gives Back " two-hour special, which is an annual fan favorite since season one in 2002, said that she looks forward to " Idol Gives Back " every year. "I really like the emotional videos of the ', 'jokingly announced Dunkleman would host this week\'s " Idol Gives Back " charity bonanza. In the wake of those antics, which theme will be inspirational songs ahead of Wednesday\'s " Idol Gives Back "two-hour special. Sir Elton John , Alicia Keys , Carrie ', 'shows you can bring them to," she says. "This is clean." The first half ends with a video nod to the charity effort  Idol Gives Back . All those who have performed so far return to the stage for U2\'s "Pride" ("In the Name of Love"), which then ', 'Lythgoe calls this season\'s music "superb" and says songs today are not as melodic as they once were. He\'s proud of  Idol Gives Back , which raised $65 million this year and drew 17.8 million viewers, even though it had no elimination. However, he ', 'drop in donations garnered by its " Idol Gives Back " event. Last year, Idol\'s charity two weeks after this month\'s " Idol Gives Back ," the total hit just $65 million were all sponsors of this year\'s " Idol Gives Back .. The slight ratings drop hasn\'t ', 'attention with a royal blue Badgley Mischka single-shoulder dress. A few weeks ago, Underwood dazzled the charity event, " Idol Gives Back ," with an effervescent gold metallic Farah Angsana gown. Looking all grown up, Miley Cyrus wore a Bohemian-inspired ', 'co-founder of Keep a Child Alive, a foundation focused on combating the global AIDS pandemic -- premiered last week during " Idol Gives Back ." But Keys is also making room for a little more downtime these days. "I had to redefine my boundaries," she says ', 'hours? Hillary Clinton, Barack Obama and John McCain. The presidential candidates all taped appeals for charity for " Idol Gives Back ," but when the special telethon edition of the popular singing contest show went on too long, that segment was cut and ', 'cut," Alessandra Stanley writes in The New York Times. "The telethon for needy children around the world entitled \' Idol Gives Back \' drew the likes of Fergie, Bono, Brad Pitt, Mariah Carey and Miley Cyrus, and went too long. The candidates\' contributions ', "homeless. And to Kentucky to boost literacy. Everybody's dirty little secret was they watched American Idol but now  Idol Gives Back  is you know that that's really something Catherine street raises money for charities outside Chicago. And last night ", "literacy. Everybody's dirty little secret was they watched American Idol but now Idol Gives Back is you know that that's really something Catherine street -- raises money for charities outside Chicago. And last night she -- was ", "too Randy Jackson gave crystal is standing ovation while hatch told her she just school. All the other contestants one finalist will be sent home on tonight's special  Idol Gives Back  charity show. The Black Eyed Peas Joss Stone and Mary.", "the other contestants one finalist will be sent home on tonight's special Idol Gives Back charity show. The Black Eyed Peas -- Joss Stone and Mary. ", "anyone's gonna dispute that but. Because it has after  Idol Gives Back  tonight they're they're planning another special for tomorrow. America's comes together for  Idol Gives Back . There tomorrow more mediocre sing on idol kids. Bob ", "I don't think anyone's gonna dispute that but. Because it has after Idol Gives Back tonight they're they're planning another special for tomorrow. America's comes together for -- Idol Gives Back . There tomorrow more mediocre sing on idol kids. -- Bob solidly very team they give up. I. Do. OK. -- -- -- ", 'are happy without raising campaign.  Idol Gives Back . Campaign worst five million dollars showtime viewers for participating in the  Idol Gives Back  campaign. This spring classic American support other worthy causes it is there  Idol Gives Back . My I hope. And Jordan knows. That ', 'that He has. It is spreading rumors are happy without raising campaign. Idol Gives Back . Campaign -- worst -- five million dollars. For charity work in the United States. Twenty million dollars went to organizations. That protect ', "our voices. -- -- on the showtime viewers for participating in the Idol Gives Back campaign. This spring classic American Idol. -- once again appealed to viewers. To help defeat malaria. On April ninth. The -- will raise money to fight malaria in Africa. And support other worthy causes it is there Idol Gives Back . My -- I hope. And Jordan knows. That America's generosity. Was still four or. We ask our fellow citizens security -- is ", "Had the big charity events  Idol Gives Back . And they raise sixty million dollars that was a good thing actually finally appeared on American Idol last night to for  Idol Gives Back  next. It's very encouraging messages but one of them ", "Had the big charity events Idol Gives Back . And they raise sixty million dollars -- -- that was a good thing but there was and that he's yeah unfortunately Michael Johns has been asked to me. Voted off the show. It it was a surprisingly early departure a lot of people really like ten including Simon Cowell who did not like -- The choice of song He -- last night but did. Enjoy him for his work -- the performance and all the presidential candidates actually finally appeared on American Idol last night to for Idol Gives Back next. It's very encouraging messages but one of them. Was kind of funny -- American Idol is a lot like a presidential ", "big surprise Johnson never been in the show's bottom three vote getters for. Aerosmith dream on during this week's  Idol Gives Back  special. Seven finalists are left to do get out into this season of American Idol. To more this we're so happy to be ", "three vote getters for. -- -- Aerosmith dream on during this week's Idol Gives Back special. Seven finalists are left to do get out into this season of American Idol. To more -- this we're so happy "]