['Former contestants claim they were kicked off the talent show for racial reasons.', "There on the matter for law that makes that that's a great and I gotta keep your room that's now also Melinda  Melinda Doolittle  and ho was saying you she she sang background Sorin Tucson one on the CB and one that's going to be moments. And ", "great and I gotta keep your room that's -- now also Melinda Melinda Doolittle and ho was saying -- you -- -- she she sang background Sorin Tucson one on the CB and one that's going ", "betting on Jordan Blake. Are in  Melinda Doolittle  is now. Here is ABC's behind America hasn't heard the last of  Melinda Doolittle . Would you step it was a shock is the end of the road for.  Melinda Doolittle  Simon's pick for the final ", "necessarily to the odds -- we're betting on Jordan Blake. Are in Melinda Doolittle is now. Here is ABC's behind police we don't know that you were watching -- couldn't take your eyes off I -- it last night I was shocked. You know she may not be the next American Idol but judging from past finalists you can be sure that America hasn't heard the last of Melinda Doolittle . Would you step -- it was a shock heard around the -- world America has decided. That this is the end of the road for. Melinda Doolittle Simon's pick for the final two making an unexpected farewell. So what does -- future have in store for the 29 year ", "she's got five point four million in sales. But for those like Melinda Doolittle there is hope take a look at season five's top four finishers. While winner Taylor Hicks is CDS sold 700000. Copies when ", "So even though the lakers Jordan will become this season's American Idol. Melinda Doolittle still could finish as America's sweet home. ", 'of the final twelve contestants work stylus to help create their new image. our new threads former backup singer  Melinda Doolittle  is proving she can do a lot. While Jordan went from Hurley and fit. Educated son of Trinidad part of is Katie saying ', 'help create their new image. -- our new threads former backup singer Melinda Doolittle is proving she can do a lot. While Jordan went from Hurley and -- -- -- fit. Educated son of Trinidad part ', "you crazy. Simon Cowell isn't surprised that Jordan sparks won. But he still has a soft spot for his favorite.  Melinda Doolittle . Forget who wins the most votes who deserved to win seasons I She tried the politics was consistently the best ", 'sparks won. But he still has a soft spot for his favorite. Melinda Doolittle . Forget who wins the most votes who deserved to win seasons I -- -- -- -- -- -- She tried the politics ', "you crazy. Simon Cowell isn't surprised that Jordan sparks one. But he still has a soft spot for his favorite.  Melinda Doolittle  forget who wins the most votes who deserved to win seasons I said should of one. She tried the politics was consistently ", 'sparks one. But he still has a soft spot for his favorite. Melinda Doolittle forget who wins the most votes who deserved to win seasons I said -- should of one. She tried the politics was ']