['(Image Credit: Sean Gallup/Life Ball 2013/Getty Images) With her trademark head nod and wink, " I Dream of Jeannie " star Barbara Eden was back in business. The 78-year-old star of the 1960s sitcom rocked her character\'s ', 'slightly befuddled astronaut in " I Dream of Jeannie ," then became a major star to "Dallas," including " I Dream of Jeannie " from 1965-70. "Dallas 1950s, but it wasn\'t until " I Dream of Jeannie " premiered in 1965 that he ', 'Broadway musical legend Mary Martin. He\'d had roles in television programs 20 years prior to "Dallas," including " I Dream of Jeannie " from 1965-70. The original strategy behind "Dallas" was to focus on the newly-married Bobby and Pam Ewing ', "town and the Apollo program soared. Cocoa Beach became so synonymous with the space program that Hollywood set the  I Dream of Jeannie  sitcom there, with a dashing astronaut as its main character. The county hosts the Air Force's 45th Space Wing ", 'from the hit 1960s sitcom " I Dream of Jeannie ." Whether it was a magical of the first day fi lming the  I Dream of Jeannie  pilot, "The Lady in the Bottle I\'m not counting on the  I Dream of Jeannie  pilot being sold at all. But ', 'Drama."), there are few signs that astronauts used to hang out in Cocoa Beach. Sure, you can turn right on  I Dream of Jeannie  Lane, but the Saturn apartments look quaint compared to the Ocean Landings Resort and the Twin Towers. Florida ', 'Broadway musical legend Mary Martin. He\'d had roles in television programs 20 years prior to "Dallas," including " I Dream of Jeannie " from 1965-70. The original strategy behind "Dallas" was to focus on the newly-married Bobby and Pam Ewing ', 'Broadway musical legend Mary Martin. He\'d had roles in television programs 20 years prior to "Dallas," including " I Dream of Jeannie " from 1965-70. The original strategy behind "Dallas" was to focus on the newly married Bobby and Pam Ewing ', 'cultural icon to make his own appearances on the pop landscape. He played a hit maker on the 60\'s TV sitcom " I Dream of Jeannie " and a drug dealer in the stoner epic "Easy Rider." Now, his signature "S"-shaped ring are on the hand of ', 'elaborate home for Bragg and her mother that included a perfect recreation of the bottle from the 1960\'s TV sitcom " I Dream of Jeannie ." He also gave Brandi about $2,000 a week and bought her four new cars. Whittaker said while Bragg was only ', 'Dallas," while Jessica Alba is said to be considering a turn in Barbara Eden\'s harem outfit for an all-new " I Dream of Jeannie ." Horshack\'s Laugh Is No Laughing Matter At 56, Palillo is too old to play a Sweathog, but he laughs at the ', 'with a genie inside, or if the  I Dream of Jeannie  star could really just blink Dreaming of a Family Though  I Dream of Jeannie  only ran on network TV for five on the very day the pilot for  I Dream of Jeannie  sold. She told the producer ', "Eden's Son Dies of Overdose Toxicology tests reveal  I Dream of Jeannie  star Barbara Eden's son died of a heroin overdose alongside Larry Hagman on the popular 1960s sitcom  I Dream of Jeannie . ABCNEWS Radio and ABCNEWS.com's Nancy Chandross ", "hear about that. They don't well we can tell but  I Dream of Jeannie  Barbara what do you dream out. Sugar plums and ferries about Cheney we appreciate you being here. And again  I Dream of Jeannie  the inch higher show is now available on dvd in a ", "wants to hear about that. They don't well we can tell but I Dream of Jeannie Barbara what do you dream out. Sugar plums and ferries that seems innocent enough okay and what's your favorite memories from my ", 'lions and and about Cheney we appreciate you being here. And again I Dream of Jeannie the inch higher show is now available on dvd in a beautiful bottle. It is beautiful bottle. This day. Thank you Barbara ', "family his mother staged legend Mary Martin. Hagman himself in theater before TV a five year but his major Nelson on  I Dream of Jeannie . After and the genie who loved him how 3 o'clock in the morning yeah. In fact when Dallas began Linda says she ", "in theater before TV a five year but his major Nelson on I Dream of Jeannie . After and the genie who loved him how -- 3 o'clock in the morning yeah. In fact when Dallas began Linda -- ", "American dreamed up. As the star of TV's iconic show  I Dream of Jeannie  Margaret Eaton could not and blink but no. Magically status of his character. Relieved himself all over the  I Dream of Jeannie  sat. Well you know I didn't see him do it. I heard ", "the -- American dreamed up. As the star of TV's iconic show I Dream of Jeannie Margaret Eaton could not and blink but no. Magically appearing and disappearing I can't successfully cloning superstars like Sammy Davis junior but ", "the second string status of his character. Relieved himself all over the I Dream of Jeannie sat. Well you know I didn't see him do it. I heard. But how did that will identity they -- wardrobe woman "]