['commentary in a recent interview with USA Today. "Sometimes it is mean," he said. "So is life."  Jessica Sierra  Season 4 finalist  Jessica Sierra  had several brushes with the law after her time in the spotlight. First Sierra was given a year\'s ', 'Town singer Seth "Shifty" Binzer, and a celeb who recently fell off the wagon again, "American Idol" finalist  Jessica Sierra . Unlike many addicts who are forced into rehab by family, friends or the law, the "Celebrity Rehab" participants ', 'management, sparked a storm of negative press around her third album, and canceled her summer tour. Season four finalist  Jessica Sierra  made more headlines for her drug and alcohol abuse than her "Idol"-honed talents. Poor album sales got three ', 'only the latest scandal to rock "Idol." Here\'s a look back at some of the show\'s most controversial moments:  Jessica Sierra : The Season 4 finalist had several brushes with the law after her time in the spotlight. First Sierra was given ', 'dark side of young people who enjoy a blast of the spotlight, then fall into trouble with drugs, the law or both.  Jessica Sierra  is the latest example. As a 19-year-old contestant on "Idol" Sierra told audience members that she\'d always ', 'them got sober. Conway, clearly, needs another session. After production wrapped, "American Idol" finalist  Jessica Sierra  got arrested for disorderly intoxication and resisting officers. Her punishment: Another stint in rehab under Pinsky\'s ', 'them got sober. Conway, clearly, needs another session. After production wrapped, "American Idol" finalist  Jessica Sierra  got arrested for disorderly intoxication and resisting officers. Her punishment: Another stint in rehab under Pinsky\'s ', 'such as actor Daniel Baldwin, actress and reality star Bridgette Neilsen and former "American Idol" contestant  Jessica Sierra . But the tragic, deteriorating condition of actor Jeff Conway, who starred in the TV show "Taxi" and movie ', 'A judge blasts ex-"American Idol" star  Jessica Sierra  for probation violation.', 'Jessica Sierra  a finalist from season four of American Idol. Revealed some shocking information about her personal life to Tyra Banks on her ', 'Jessica Sierra a finalist from season four of American Idol. Revealed some shocking information about her personal life to Tyra Banks on her show. ']