["There is word tonight the  jeopardy  host Alex Beck is recovering from Here's ABC shine off it. The  game show  in the hospital in LA expected to heart attack each year is not out of  jeopardy  yet. Just ask Gary Every player ", "There is word tonight the jeopardy host Alex -- Beck is recovering from a mild heart attack the 71 year old undergoing further tests. And said to be in good spirits. But there is also news tonight for everyone at risk from heart disease new insight into the role played by stress. Here's ABC shine off -- it. The game show -- -- in the hospital in LA -- expected to make a full recovery. But -- -- like the one point two million Americans who suffer a heart attack each year is not out of jeopardy yet. Just ask Gary -- Every player and everything I I say to people -- Stolen everything really -- Foley was robbed ", "asking all morning which world famous game hurt his. Hanging and hanging up the question aren't. Pregnant who is in  jeopardy  Clinton years will now aimed at retiring on your thirty. The very nice ring to it of course it's not official yet he's ", "up the question aren't. -- -- -- -- Pregnant who is in jeopardy Clinton years will now aimed at retiring on your thirty. The very nice ring to it of course it's not official yet ", 'Our start that was Alex perfect host of  jeopardy  he had a mild heart attack on Saturday 71 years old mistrust be is expected to make a full recovery and be back on  jeopardy  according to producers. When production begins taping ', "Our -- -- start that was Alex perfect host of jeopardy he had a mild heart attack on Saturday 71 years old mistrust of the hospital and he's doing okay is apparently the second one that he's had. Relatively recently have -- back in December 2007 it does turns 72 on July 22 but the good news is. It was said to be -- is expected to make a full recovery and be back on jeopardy according to producers. When production begins taping in July and just coming very close so he's doing well are -- ", "I have spent the past 27 years as the host of one of America's most popular quiz shows  jeopardy . I do it answers and questions almost certain that answer to a question I suspect is on. Many of your mind right now. The answer ", "years as the host of one of America's most popular quiz shows jeopardy . I do it answers and questions almost certain that -- answer to a question I suspect is on. Many of your mind ", "you're on your way into the pollution. I. Time the answer is the number one game questions. What is just Is the hold  jeopardy  it. Trying to come up out of has begun to better looking at his old he's always been like a really good looking do ", "one game -- questions. What is just -- Is the hold -- jeopardy it. Trying to come up out of -- has begun to -- better looking at his old he's always been like a ", "I think good  jeopardy . good friends behind me one bit you're gonna. And I have escalator yeah.  Jeopardy  is known as being one of the toughest here's ABC news. John Roger Craig is  jeopardy  royalty he record setting 77000. Dollars ", "I think -- good -- jeopardy . -- -- good -- friends behind me one bit you're gonna. And I have -- escalator yeah. Jeopardy is known as being one of the toughest game shows ever but it turns out there may be a waiting game that they -- -- -- -- computer scientist who has broken the all time every record. He's never got up against Iran however -- those guys are now coming clean about how he does it turns out there's an app for that here's ABC news. John -- -- Roger Craig is jeopardy royalty he -- record setting 77000. Dollars in a single day. More than that they -- Ken Jennings more than IBM's Watson ", "Roger developed a computer program that helped him study if you watch jeopardy enough. You'll notice that presidents comes up Shakespeare world capitals novels. Categories -- -- repeat. -- did -- help -- that daily double. -- -- not random. As most people would think. And you'd find them more frequently in the bottom three questions. -- -- experts say no program. We'll take you over that final jeopardy finish line this a total waste of time because you can't out guess the categories. And you really count and I can't ", "the greatest champions from the  game show jeopardy . Are about to meet their match than two million dollars playing  jeopardy  and say it's go time. This won by the way against v.'s  jeopardy  champions. So how big is watching ", "test of man verses machine two of the greatest champions from the game show jeopardy . Are about to meet their match and it's an IBM computer named Watson WABC's Michelle Charles -- has the story. IBM supercomputer Watson -- Ken Jennings as Brad rudder each human won more than two million dollars playing jeopardy and say it's go time. This He would actually be able to play at a level with the best human players is something -- and it's never been possible. Until now this was a dry run for our cameras Watson in the middle. -- won by the way against v.'s jeopardy champions. So how big is watching what Varity is right there at the size of ten refrigerators and look at the head ", "on that showdown on one of America's most beloved  game show jeopardy  to champions going brain to brain with a supercomputer meet our contestants who won the most money ever on  jeopardy  now tied with Watson. When you first supercomputer ", "More on that showdown on one of America's most beloved game show jeopardy to -- champions going brain to brain with a supercomputer named Watson. We dispatched David -- to tell us what we've learned ", "it mean. No I really think we ought to do we have to have  game show  inside because this is serious competition outside it was hard ask them because that's what I always wonder because. Yet  jeopardy  wheel comes on right after it and if I can't to the click ", "No I really think we ought to do we have to have game show inside because this is serious competition -- outside it was hard just can't. Yeah I'm -- I'm I don't mind being with ", "Yearly cash. Haven't TV  game show  always airlines tomorrow. All this past week I who was on  jeopardy . Jonathan was Albert's yes focus which is the key to any  game show  we we have a  game show  here for you we're have and ", "Yearly cash. Haven't -- TV game show always -- airlines -- tomorrow. -- -- All right Jonathan do you have what I would call a fairly interesting. Pastime hobby ", "right so because your focus which is the key to -- any game show we we have a game show here for you we're -- have -- -- and creative. -- is very important -- focus and -- be second. -- -- ", "This the. Cocker -- -- slaughtered -- what's the longest running TV game show . Through the body was the shortest running game show -- Are used to benefit lyrics to correct answer to the shortest running game show is this one right here. As -- Jonathan thank you so much for playing you know we wouldn't underestimate what. Eaton and ", "One example distorted air version of the popular  game show jeopardy . This game is played exactly like the game on TV herself in a suicide at least partially blamed on the  jeopardy  game. Anybody that's not like them will. There ", 'punks. One -- example -- distorted air -- version of the popular game show jeopardy . This game is played exactly like the game on TV news former air Marshal Steve Theo droplets took pictures of -- -- ', 'underneath the wheel disputed with his feet the real fortune said one of his favorite. Also kind of giant red letters  jeopardy  like extra best. People trying to do look. 25000 dollar pyramid. It was a foolish to circle your hand in and if you ', 'one of -- -- his favorite. Also kind of giant red letters jeopardy like -- extra best. People trying to do look. -- -- -- 25000 dollar pyramid. It was a foolish to circle -- ', 'First incarnation of  jeopardy  art ran for eleven years rounds of questions. Final  jeopardy . And think music and Chris is 27 minutes is in  jeopardy jeopardy  as a passing reference today and what amounts to a  game show  factor in Culver City ', "as sunset. Now and it's point 63 year on the air this game show has become part of the daily rhythm of American life. Jeopardy you returned this season with a state of the art electronics. -- less. Playing jeopardy but the game is the same as it was when Merv Griffin invented in 1960. The answer is Jewish humor you filled with -- -- give contestants the answer what is a blitz you've got it. Make them figure out the question what his Tosca. Who. And what is I ain't got exactly. What's the essence or white issue continues to work or it's challenging effort but as -- -- assists though. You can't when you watch jeopardy . When you're vacuuming the floor answer. -- draws you can. And He would challenges you to match your wits against our contestants it's. We're doing crossword puzzle where are -- are put category for that the. First incarnation of jeopardy -- art -- ran for eleven years until 1975. It's been on the air so long now you don't have to be a fan to know the game. Started off quick follow quirky categories. -- mean hello a ten rounds of questions. Final jeopardy . And -- think music and Chris is 27 minutes is in jeopardy jeopardy as a passing reference in movie scripts I'll wait that was final jeopardy last nineteen and the target apparently on Saturday Night Live. Here are the categories double jeopardy colors that are read the current -- -- 25 years ago. Dark hair and mustache and receiving presents. Welcome to America's favorite ", "first time. Don't rebound just take a breath in the production of jeopardy is a well oiled machine. They shoot a few days a week five shows today and what amounts to a game show factor in Culver City, California. Prevents changes -- suit and tie the mark the passage today. Good to go and they have ", "integrity for its people. We we are the Fort Knox of a game show host of questions. And we take it very very very very seriously we're all her. Here's something you don't see at home ", 'Vancouver. Closer to home an iconic  game show  host is nursing his wounds after playing listen to spoof who you know is typical  jeopardy  fashion at 2:30. Yesterday morning someday. Waltrip back flight was never in  jeopardy  He is scheduled for surgery on Friday ', "enough fuel to get it to Vancouver. Closer to home an iconic game show host is nursing his wounds after playing the role of superhero. ABC's TJ -- reports. Google is valid proof that it -- If you listen to spoof who you know is typical jeopardy fashion at 2:30. Yesterday morning. Chasing a burglar down the hall that -- San Francisco Toronto Alex trip back this. He would ", "in their research lab. Which was well equipped with For half that time the television played an episode of the  game show jeopardy . And the other half hour it was off. Children didn't watch the TV but they played for shorter amounts of time ", "-- For half that time the television played an episode of the game show jeopardy . And the other half hour it was off. Children didn't watch the TV but they played for shorter amounts of time when "]