['Mediation has been touted as a key strategy to stop foreclosures, both in Maryland and nationwide. Maryland passed a law last July giving homeowners in foreclosure the right to mediation, if they ask for it. The Justice Department reported in a November study that there were 25 mediation programs in 14 states. ', 'But if Maryland is any indication, the programs are not working. As of May 31, just 56 homeowners have gotten a modification of their loan. Borrowers complain that lenders are more interested in foreclosing than negotiating. One borrower was horrified to discover that the bank had sold her home during the mediation process. ', 'Wells Fargo, for its part, sees the situation differently. Spokesman Tom Goyda said the bank is very supportive of Maryland\'s program and has participated in training and outreach for it. "Wells Fargo is committed to helping every customer we can avoid foreclosure," he said. "We continue to work with Mr. Boney on a resolution to his case." Goyda also noted that it\'s not unusual for Wells or other banks to require additional documents when working with a borrower on a loan modification. In some cases, investors request the information, or it\'s required for Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, or FHA loans. ', 'Despite the low participation rates, mediation sessions have been good for borrowers, said Carol Gilbert, assistant secretary for neighborhood stabilization at the Maryland Department of Housing and Community Development. ', 'Trouble started with the envelope that foreclosure attorneys representing HSBC gave Barber to send in her mediation request. It was labeled with an incomplete address, missing the room number for the mediation program at the Baltimore circuit court. The paperwork never arrived at its destination, so no mediation session was scheduled. Barber received a second notification of her mediation rights, and submitted a second request on March 9. ', 'Standing on the front steps of his house, Ms. Tucker points out at least five other homes on the cul-de-sac that are in foreclosure. There are no foreclosure signs in the yards, no boards on windows, no furniture out front. The crisis is invisible. ', "But the lull in foreclosures in the county hasn't resulted in a slowdown in foreclosure-related sales. Greater Baltimore Board of Realtors figures show that as of March, 52 percent of all real-estate sales in Prince George's were foreclosures and 17 percent were short sales, significantly higher than the percentage of such sales in nearby Montgomery County or the city of Baltimore. ", 'And the notices of intent to foreclose are picking up dramatically, indicating a new round of foreclosure filings may be close. Once a notice is filed, a lender can move to foreclose within 45 days. ', 'Now, though, the combination of predatory loans and a weak economy have had a "rather lethal effect" in Prince George\'s County, said Robert Strupp, manager of systemic investigations for the National Community Reinvestment Coalition. ', 'In other places, though, the slow but steady pace of foreclosure is just hitting home. ', '"In many minority communities outside the DC metro area, in two to three to five years, I would expect to see major abandonment of foreclosed properties," Mallach said.', 'Investigative Reporting Workshop data editor Jacob Fenton contributed to this report. ']