['made a cameo appearance on Thursday night\'s episode of " Jeopardy " by providing video clues to a category about the vice presidency wasn\'t the vice president\'s first appearance on the " Jeopardy "  game show . Last year, Biden provided the clues for a category called ', 'five things you didn\'t know about " Jeopardy !" Before  Alex Trebek , There Was Art Fleming Most " Jeopardy " viewers today will associate the show with its current host,  Alex Trebek . Trebek has hosted the show in its current ', "Alex. That was the actual category on the  Jeopardy ! board on Monday evening as the  game show  resurrected one of the most memorable meme's own. Read more about that HERE. This week  Jeopardy  displayed a graphic of a binder full of women ", '( Jeopardy  Productions) Leonard Cooper sitting in last place as the " Jeopardy ! Teen Tournament" was winding 200. "Gutsy move," host  Alex Trebek  said as the audience gasped tournament headed into Final  Jeopardy , Cooper held the lead with home the win. The Final  Jeopardy  question was "On June 6 ', 'itself into the popular lexicon, with "SOPA/PIPA" making a recent appearance as part of an answer during the  game show  " Jeopardy ." The public outcry effectively killed these bills, but the issue of "online piracy" is not going away. The ', 'with heavily damaged isolated areas lingering into Friday evening." 5. Trebek Back at \' Jeopardy \' After Heart Attack " Jeopardy " host  Alex Trebek  returned to work on Tuesday to tape the first episode of the show\'s new season. Trebek ', '" Jeopardy !" host  Alex Trebek \'s heart attack on Sunday was a 2007. The 71-year-old longtime  game show  host was reportedly in good spirits enough to tape the new season of " Jeopardy !" at the end of July. Recurrent ', 'Getty Images) ABC News\' Sydney Lupkin reports: " Jeopardy !" host  Alex Trebek  is in Cedars-Sinai Medical Center in Los Angeles He is expected to fully recover and be back at " Jeopardy !" when production begins taping in July for the ', 'executive producer of the hit  game show  " Jeopardy ," is still holding a special edition of  Jeopardy  in Washington, D.C presented clues for the  game show  in the past, neither Hillary have ever been " Jeopardy " contestants. After ', 'fare against Chuck Todd in a  game - show  matchup? Can Chris Matthews week of competition on " Jeopardy !" For the third time in its two years ago on "Celebrity  Jeopardy !" in a matchup with winner Sheffield on "The Nanny." The" Jeopardy ! Power Players" episodes ', 'Supreme Court Justices Byron White and Anthony Kennedy. He even became a five-time  Jeopardy ! champion, winning $40,303 in a week one week on the popular  game show . (He used the money to pay off his law school loans.) [Related Article ', "tomorrow after suffering a serious leg injury. I'm not on the set of his  game show  but after a literal run it and with a very brazen robber. We all know Alex back the  game show  host and royalty. Here's the clue renowned pop cultural icon in SNL ", "suffering a serious leg injury. I'm not on the set of his game show but after a literal run it and with a very brazen robber. We all know Alex -- back -- the game show host and royalty. Here's the clue renowned pop cultural icon -- in SNL skits. The -- about Alex trip that crime fighter. ", "There is word tonight the  jeopardy  host Alex Beck is recovering from Here's ABC shine off it. The  game show  in the hospital in LA expected to heart attack each year is not out of  jeopardy  yet. Just ask Gary Every player ", "There is word tonight the jeopardy host Alex -- Beck is recovering from a mild heart attack the 71 year old undergoing further tests. And said to be in good spirits. But there is also news tonight for everyone at risk from heart disease new insight into the role played by stress. Here's ABC shine off -- it. The game show -- -- in the hospital in LA -- expected to make a full recovery. But -- -- like the one point two million Americans who suffer a heart attack each year is not out of jeopardy yet. Just ask Gary -- Every player and everything I I say to people -- Stolen everything really -- Foley was robbed ", "asking all morning which world famous game hurt his. Hanging and hanging up the question aren't. Pregnant who is in  jeopardy  Clinton years will now aimed at retiring on your thirty. The very nice ring to it of course it's not official yet he's ", "up the question aren't. -- -- -- -- Pregnant who is in jeopardy Clinton years will now aimed at retiring on your thirty. The very nice ring to it of course it's not official yet ", 'Our start that was Alex perfect host of  jeopardy  he had a mild heart attack on Saturday 71 years old mistrust be is expected to make a full recovery and be back on  jeopardy  according to producers. When production begins taping ', "Our -- -- start that was Alex perfect host of jeopardy he had a mild heart attack on Saturday 71 years old mistrust of the hospital and he's doing okay is apparently the second one that he's had. Relatively recently have -- back in December 2007 it does turns 72 on July 22 but the good news is. It was said to be -- is expected to make a full recovery and be back on jeopardy according to producers. When production begins taping in July and just coming very close so he's doing well are -- ", "I have spent the past 27 years as the host of one of America's most popular quiz shows  jeopardy . I do it answers and questions almost certain that answer to a question I suspect is on. Many of your mind right now. The answer ", "years as the host of one of America's most popular quiz shows jeopardy . I do it answers and questions almost certain that -- answer to a question I suspect is on. Many of your mind ", "you're on your way into the pollution. I. Time the answer is the number one game questions. What is just Is the hold  jeopardy  it. Trying to come up out of has begun to better looking at his old he's always been like a really good looking do ", "one game -- questions. What is just -- Is the hold -- jeopardy it. Trying to come up out of -- has begun to -- better looking at his old he's always been like a ", "I think good  jeopardy . good friends behind me one bit you're gonna. And I have escalator yeah.  Jeopardy  is known as being one of the toughest here's ABC news. John Roger Craig is  jeopardy  royalty he record setting 77000. Dollars ", "I think -- good -- jeopardy . -- -- good -- friends behind me one bit you're gonna. And I have -- escalator yeah. Jeopardy is known as being one of the toughest game shows ever but it turns out there may be a waiting game that they -- -- -- -- computer scientist who has broken the all time every record. He's never got up against Iran however -- those guys are now coming clean about how he does it turns out there's an app for that here's ABC news. John -- -- Roger Craig is jeopardy royalty he -- record setting 77000. Dollars in a single day. More than that they -- Ken Jennings more than IBM's Watson ", "Roger developed a computer program that helped him study if you watch jeopardy enough. You'll notice that presidents comes up Shakespeare world capitals novels. Categories -- -- repeat. -- did -- help -- that daily double. -- -- not random. As most people would think. And you'd find them more frequently in the bottom three questions. -- -- experts say no program. We'll take you over that final jeopardy finish line this a total waste of time because you can't out guess the categories. And you really count and I can't "]