["'American Idol' Recap: Judges Charge the Stage to Save Jessica Sanchez from Elimination", 'Testone presented Steven Tyler with a feather earring sent in from another viewer. "American Idol" season 10 alum  James Durbin  returned to sing "Higher Than Heaven" from his album, Memories of a Beautiful Disaster. Jennifer Hudson returned ', "'American Idol' Recap: Kelly Clarkson to Lady Gaga, the Top 7 Contestants Sing Hits from 2010 to Today", 'Elise let go yet kept control at the same time. Steven said it was "genius." "American Idol" returns with results Thursday night at 8:00 Eastern time on Fox. \'Idol\' alums  James Durbin  and Jennifer Hudson are also set to perform.', '"Believin" wasn\'t enough for  James Durbin , who was eliminated from "American Idol" Thursday night. "I did so much stuff that\'s never been done on this show before ', 'elimination leaves just four finalists - James Durbin , Scotty McMcCreery, Lauren Alaina to compete for the top prize.  James Durbin  may have come close to clinching would be pretty exciting is maybe a  James Durbin / Haley [Reinhart] sing-off ', 'native Lauren Alaina, putting the odds in favor of another male Idol. Favorite fellows Casey Abrams, Paul McDonald and  James Durbin  were put on notice this week by young gun Scotty McCreery. The 17-year-old country crooner with the deep voice ', 'Lauren Alaina, putting the odds in favor of another male Idol. Favorites fellows Casey Abrams, Paul McDonald and  James Durbin  were put on notice this week by young gun Scotty McCreery. The 17-year-old country crooner with the deep voice ', "that he looks most like the past three winners, David Cook, Kris Allen and Lee DeWyze. The Glamberts' Revenge:  James Durbin  There's no doubt that Durbin, the Santa Cruz, Calif., rocker with Asperger's and Tourette's, is reminiscent ", 'some of the contestants whose back stories have been highlighted on this season of " Idol :" San Francisco contestant  James Durbin  never got to know his dad, a bass player, before he died of a drug overdose. To make matters worse, Durbin was diagnosed ', 'some of the contestants whose back stories have been highlighted on this season of "Idol:" San Francisco contestant  James Durbin  never got to know his dad, a bass player, before he died of a drug overdose. To make matters worse, Durbin was diagnosed ', 'After that nationwide vote person with their shot at the Is. Have a less American fatal head  James Durbin  was voted has this. 22 year old rocker from Santa Cruz. Californians who have shot the judges and the crowd He got. Love moved ', '-- -- -- -- Have a -- less -- American fatal head James Durbin was voted -- has -- this. 22 year old rocker -- from Santa Cruz. Californians who have shot the judges and the ', 'that and and then of course we had a sense of pride gaps with the top thirteen on American Idol. People like guide  James Durbin  sang Judas Priest. Lauren Alina sang with Carrie Underwood those two teaming up I think is a match made in have an ', 'pride gaps with the top thirteen on American Idol. People like guide James Durbin sang -- Judas Priest. -- Lauren Alina sang with Carrie Underwood those two teaming up I think is a match made in ']