['Hollywood with dreams of becoming a singer, but ended up on the fringes, scoring small parts on big shows such as " I Love Lucy " and "Ozzie and Harriet." It was her daughter who hit it big. Asked what she thought as she heard her daughter sing ', '" I Love Lucy " No list of Latinos in TV would be complete without  Desi Arnaz  of " I Love Lucy ," a show he essentially developed. The Cuban actor stole hearts ', 'television sitcom " I Love Lucy " nabbed top interview in 1977, " I Love Lucy " star  Lucille Ball  told Barbara Lucie Arnaz and  Desi Arnaz  Jr . explained the show),"  Desi Arnaz  Jr. said Comedy WINNER: " I Love Lucy " Other finalists ', 'children of  Lucille Ball  and  Desi Arnaz  -- had their starring  Lucille Ball , which ran Playing Dad  Desi Arnaz  Jr. played later married  Keith Thibodeaux , who played the original " I Love Lucy " show. Tributes ', 'The Fonz." Larry Lopez: Would fans of the iconic "  I Love Lucy  " have tuned in week after week to watch the adventures of Lucy and Ricky if  Desi Arnaz \'s character had been named "Larry Lopez" instead ', 'Lucille Ball  and  Desi Arnaz  were beloved sitcom, " I Love Lucy ," but the family. The " I Love Lucy " episode drumming prodigy  Keith Thibodeaux  - aired on day that  Lucille Ball  had a Caesarian to deliver  Desi Arnaz  Jr. It was appear on " I Love Lucy ," their ', 'invaders had attacked. Today, most everybody of any age has a "My Favorite Martian"-style moment: Lucy and Ethel of " I Love Lucy " atop the Empire State Building, dressed as Martian women. Marvin the Martian cartoons. Singing along to "Rocket ', 'reading a trilogy of books called \'Hunger Games.\' .. She\'s very interested in photography, works out a lot, likes \' I Love lucy ,\' \'The Three Stooges,\' travel." When Morgan mentioned that "The Hunger Games" was about killing children, Mason ', 'In their goodbye note, Tom shared what he hopes will be the "Car Talk" legacy. "We\'re hoping to be like \' I Love Lucy \' and air ten times a day on \'NPR at Nite\' in 2075." The Associated Press contributed to this report.', 'compared Newt Gingrich\'s campaign to  Lucille Ball \'s zany efforts in a chocolate Tuesday, saying, "It\'s more like  Lucille Ball  at the chocolate factory. I mean factory scene from 1950\'s sitcom " I Love Lucy ," Gingrich went to the back of ', 'in New Hampshire where he compared Newt Gingrich\'s struggles getting on the Virginia primary ballot to the famous " I Love Lucy " chocolate factory episode. -ABC\'s Susan Archer http://abcn.ws/w0snpi -Oops: An Iowa state lawmaker had ', 'in Virginia by comparing the debacle to the infamous " I Love Lucy " chocolate factory scene. "I think he compared that to Pearl Harbor. I think it\'s more like  Lucille Ball  and the chocolate factory," Romney said of Gingrich ', 'Taylor Swift fan in your life. \' I Love Lucy : A Celebration of All Things Lucy released for the 100 th anniversary of  Lucille Ball \'s birth and the 60th anniversary of the " I Love Lucy " premiere, includes never-before-seen ', "no winner is.  I Love Lucy . Isn't it amazing to think that  Lucille Ball  and her husband almost like it's  I Love Lucy  anyway. Yeah their ownership of  I Love Lucy  to CBS for approximately favorite to current  Vivian Vance  I steals this ", "these as the best television show at -- -- no winner is. I Love Lucy . Isn't it amazing to think that Lucille Ball and her husband -- honest created this shell of his sixty years ago. But it is still running and -- is still ", "-- Recognizing -- -- to Mollison posters Wallace and he used to. Lucille ball's daughter Melissa knows -- -- -- the week. -- has enjoyed a long career on Broadway and in the movies. -- 62 ", 'Keith Thibodeaux  of " I Love Lucy " looks back at jamming with Desi, bonding with Lucy.', 'today 60 years after it debuted. " I love lucy ".Lucy." This is the pilot seen on the dvd extra of the " i love lucy " box set. It doesn\'t look quite insisted. The reason there\'s an " i love lucy " show is because they wanted to ', "meat and vegetables and vinerals. You have said that you said i, lucille ball , I don't think funny. I don't think funny. I can do funny things that others write down in detail if they tell ", "and he used to.  Lucille ball 's daughter Lisa almost like it's  I Love Lucy  anyway half the definitely people Lucy  Lucille Ball . This new dvd member of the  Lucille Ball  is a very serious their ownership of  I Love Lucy  to CBS for approximately ", "-- -- is. I loved Lucy. Isn't it amazing to think that Lucille Ball and her husband as Leon has created this show of his sixty years ago. But it is still running and -- is ", "recognized and none -- -- and posters walls and he used to. Lucille ball's daughter Lisa yeah earnings the week. Lucio -- enjoyed a long career on Broadway and in the movies. -- -- 62 years ", "there's always somebody who says. It's okay -- it's almost like it's I Love Lucy anyway half the Paris museum doesn't married in the show and in real life. The mother of my children lettuce and definitely people -- Lucy Lucille Ball . This -- new dvd extent she is -- since introducing the cats. I Love -- -- about the real -- someone missing ", 'A.S.H." Is a good one. " I love lucy " I was thinking, too. Were you wawa. You also got to take lucy and  desi arnaz  jr. Back to the set. We went back from home, huh? We took lucy and  desi arnaz  jr. Back to the original sets ', "gilda radner doing barbara wawa. You also got to take lucy and desi arnaz jr. Back to the set. We went back to the original set. Remember the vitamins? For those kids, who -- it's a home away from home, huh? We took lucy and desi arnaz jr. Back to the original sets. And talked about their mother and what she was like. There are interviews. There are all ", 'bathing suit. You\'re a beautiful girl. There\'s that  lucille ball  quality of you. We saw a picture you tweeted. Do you god. That\'s horrible. I wish. I grew up watching " i love lucy ." It\'s one of my favorite tv shows, me and my son ', 'you hopping. The hottest bathing suit. You\'re a beautiful girl. There\'s that lucille ball quality of you. We saw a picture you tweeted. Do you feel it in you? I wish. Oh, my god. That\'s horrible. I wish. I grew up watching " i love lucy ." It\'s one of my favorite tv shows, me and my son would watch it all the time. I love it. This was ', "She is the original queen of TV comedy  Lucille Ball  or 100 years ago today. And more than twenty years after ever to run a major TV studio dazzling studios. And  I Love Lucy  she'd ever thought run for. Defeated then run even ", 'She is the original queen of TV comedy Lucille Ball or 100 years ago today. And more than twenty years after losing her this country still love Lucy today we were talking ']