['who\'ve been in "American  Idol " withdrawal since Phillip finalists - Phillip, plus  Jessica Sanchez , Joshua Ledet, Hollie for his health, the " Idol " champ, who underwent Meanwhile, runner-up  Jessica Sanchez  is thrilled to get the ', 'posh Malibu, CA, residence of the " Idol " executive. In other "American  Idol " news, on Sunday PBS aired the National Memorial Day concert performances of " Idol " runner-up  Jessica Sanchez  and Daughtry from Washington, D.C.', 'crowned the season 11 "American  Idol " champion on Wednesday night\'s Tuesday\'s performance show -- a new " Idol " record.  Jessica Sanchez  was this season\'s runner up this duet was a big moment for " Idol " fans. The ladies of the top ', "people feel that if American  Idol  contestants were judged by sheer vocal talent alone,  Jessica Sanchez  would be the one crying that's why one American  Idol  expert feels that Jessica chance of taking home the  Idol  crown. Richard Rushfield ", 'crowned the newest " American  Idol  " Wednesday night after beating out  Jessica Sanchez . But what will become of 11\'s other contenders? An " Idol " stint in no way guarantees most well-known post-" Idol " job may be the much-panned ', 'Phillips is the new "American  Idol ." After a record 132 million is the guy to beat," said  Jessica Sanchez  had a real shot at the crown sounded like an \'American  Idol \' song," Mansfield said being raised on \'American  Idol .\'" Mansfield is referring ', 'The big finale for "American  Idol " Wednesday night will feature duet "Enough Is Enough" with  Jessica Sanchez . The girls will also perform will perform with former " Idol " champ Fantasia , creating Another former "American  Idol " champ Jordin Sparks will ', "'American Idol'  Recap: Jessica Sanchez  and Phillip Phillips Compete for the 'Idol' Crown", 'Jessica Sanchez  and Phillip Phillips performed for the "American  Idol " crown on Tuesday night. The round, the two finalists sang  Idol  creator Simon Fuller\'s song were named the new American  Idol . Here\'s what happened: Jessica ', "'American Idol'  Recap: Joshua Ledet Eliminated; Jessica Sanchez  and Phillip Phillips to Compete for Crown", 'Jessica Sanchez  and Phillip Phillips will compete for the "American  Idol " crown on next week\'s finale Lisa Marie Presley took the  Idol  stage for the first time to Ain\'t Seen Nothing Yet," and  Idol  alum Adam Lambert performed ', "'American Idol'  Recap: Phillip Phillips, Joshua Ledet and Jessica Sanchez  Sing the Judges' Choices", '"American  Idol "\'s final three contestants Phillips, Joshua Ledet and  Jessica Sanchez  - faced off against each there\'s only one American  Idol ," said Steven Tyler Carey\'s "My All" for  Jessica Sanchez , who was wearing a floor-length ', "Former 'American Idol'  Contestants Hollie Cavanagh, David Cook Compare Final Three's Strengths", 'Images "American  Idol " is down to its Joshua Ledet,  Jessica Sanchez  and Phillip Phillips When it comes to  Jessica Sanchez , Hollie marvels not." "American  Idol " season seven champ to avoid using " Idol " cliches, but there\'s ', "'American Idol'  Recap: Hollie Cavanagh Eliminated; Phillip Phillips, Joshua Ledet and Jessica Sanchez  Remain", 'got the boot on "American  Idol " Thursday night. She stumbled Phillips, Joshua Ledet and  Jessica Sanchez  will now head off to visit concerts on this summer\'s  Idol  tour. Tickets go on sale Friday for some reason. "American  Idol "\'s top three finalists will ', "'American Idol'  Recap: Joshua Ledet, Jessica Sanchez , Hollie Cavanagh and Phillip Phillips Sing California Tunes", 'The top four American  Idol  contestants, Joshua Ledet,  Jessica Sanchez , Hollie Cavanagh and Phillip Wednesday night. This season\'s \' Idol \' will be crowned in just two Rock of Ages" stopped by the " Idol " mansion to show four scenes ']