['Mike Sorrentino, Jenni Farley and Vinny Guadagnino join cast-mates for a "GMA" interview.', 'heat index."  Snooki \'s transformation member of "the  jersey shore ." Now, she scene on " jersey shore ," four years ago.  Nicole polizzi \'s star has her show, " snooki  and j. Wow like where did  snooki  go?  Snooki \'s ', 'now, burning up "the heat index." Snooki\'s transformation. She got famous as a hard-partying cast member of "the jersey shore ." Now, she has a new look. Dropping weight, her nickname and drinking. All of the bathrooms were taken. Reporter: Ever since she exploded on the tv reality scene on " jersey shore ," four years ago. Nicole polizzi\'s star has been on the rise. Now, 25. The pint-sized media mogul, who is about to begin start filming the new season of her show, " snooki and j. Wow" is embracing a new passion, fitness. How much have you lost? Probably 50 pounds. It took months to see ', "elaborate. I can't exactly aliens they have it's good times expunge our anti have fun to all right we in the new show everybody  Snooki  and jwoww. It premieres tomorrow on MTV congratulations. I don't you and good yesterday he congratulations and I don't ", "fun to all right we -- -- in the new show everybody Snooki and jwoww. It premieres tomorrow on MTV congratulations. I don't you and good -- yesterday he congratulations and I don't all the ", 'of us weekly the star  Jersey Shore  is speaking out for the Good morning George  Snooki  is having a baby. And fans of  Jersey Shore  may be having a cow what the only thing Nicole  Snooki  pollutes the expecting ', "fitting by the reality star. Am I nor -- -- fitness fun. Snooki told us she's sorry about all that line but wanted to play it safe by waiting until she was three months a long before getting word out. She says she's sworn off caffeine and alcohol but admits -- some -- in Las Vegas just days before her positive tests. She freaked out because she did go out. And party quite a bit on New Year's -- but obviously those days are now over for her while she prepares for -- Buffy is currently shooting a Jersey Shore spinoff with jwoww says he says her larger than life -- won't be living in the Jersey Shore house next summer. -- she says she may visit. And -- for kicking it at a club while pregnant -- yes -- calls that behavior disgusting. Remind us what universe is. This and classic smokey bash at the way she described her morning sickness -- she sat. Feel really hung over that's more like it. What will happen to the ratings monster that is Jersey sure not -- Snooki on the Jersey Shore on. He'll be a real challenge -- MTV. She is a big reason why people -- And so if it seems as if so much has changed about Snooki in a very short time at least one thing remains the same. -- she put it last summer why do you think ", 'Looks like  Snooki  is working on her own  Jersey Shore  spin off. The pint size reality star is reportedly pregnant. The New York Post says snow three months pregnant with their first ', 'Looks like Snooki is working on her own -- Jersey Shore spin off. The pint size reality star is reportedly pregnant. The New York Post says snow -- -- -- three months pregnant ', "lane may be over  Jersey Shore  star Nicole  Snooki  But that doesn't hot career this  reality TV  queen sits down beach that's  Jersey Shore  star that holds a ruckus and  Jersey Shore  after the series the spin off  Snooki  and she and fiance ", "life in the all night party fast lane may be over -- Jersey Shore star Nicole Snooki -- But that doesn't mean she's slowing down juggling motherhood. And red hot career this reality TV queen sits down with -- ABC's Chris -- to discuss her long road to fame. And how she plans to stand on top. Look who's ready to get back on the beach that's Jersey Shore star that holds the people -- Let us weekly cover -- having dropped 42. Just six months after giving birth to her ", "felt Farley are here with an update. And all things  Jersey Shore  season five well underway and there's a spinoff now you guys are getting a spinoff and the and the boys of  Jersey Shore  as yet or not. Some has yapping at Clinton is and I ", "Jenny jwoww felt Farley are here with an update. And all things Jersey Shore season five well underway and there's a spinoff now in the works. We are predicting a lot of drama a lot of ", 'you guys are getting a spinoff and the and the boys of Jersey Shore as yet or not. Some -- has yapping at Clinton -- -- is and I think -- Vinny is going to be ', 'SHOW,  SNOOKI  AND  J - WOWW , PLEASE WELCOME JENNY " J - WOWW ." . THANK YOU IN CRIME HERE,  SNOOKI  WAS SUPPOSED TO SIZE RECREATION OF  SNOOKI ? IT IS. IS SHE SCENES FROM THE " JERSEY SHORE " IS JUST GOING ', 'HEY, WELCOME BACK. IN HER NEW SHOW, SNOOKI AND J - WOWW , PLEASE WELCOME JENNY " J - WOWW ." . THANK YOU FOR BRINGING YOUR FRIEND. YOU CAN\'T BARE TO BE APART. I CAN\'T. WE WERE SUPPOSED TO HAVE YOUR PARTNER IN CRIME HERE, SNOOKI WAS SUPPOSED TO BE WITH US TODAY. HOWEVER, SHE\'S REALLY NOT FEELING WELL. SHE\'S REALLY PREGNANT. SHE\'S REALLY, REALLY GETTING CLOSE. HOW ', "Jersey Shore  ground breaking for so many reasons that breakout stars of MTV's hit reality show  Jersey Shore . Adopted at birth by Italian American So please welcome the queen of the  Jersey Shore  and Nicole Smith keep public see may ", "Jersey Shore ground breaking for so many reasons that we can't setting on morning TV but here's one that we can mention. This season ", "Has become one of the breakout stars of MTV's hit reality show Jersey Shore . Adopted at birth by Italian American families from Marlborough New York. His 23 year old reality phenomenon. Has launched herself into. World ", "the law. He's here just. So please welcome the queen of the Jersey Shore and Nicole Smith keep public see may well again GM I -- give everybody is it really huge crowd here to seeing ", "Jersey Shore  katic I know you shocking to hear concerned people hated the show but Apparently on this season we get to see Sammy beat up Ronnie Louisiana  J - Woww  we get to see cities drunken arrest so even minor show really didn't ", "season we get to see Sammy beat up Ronnie Louisiana -- -- J - Woww we get to see cities drunken arrest so even minor show really didn't have a big following. Until the famous clip of ", "We turn out  reality TV 's snapping for the star  Jersey Shore  spinoff show The baby for  Snooki  and she insists they say on  Jersey Shore  soon it'll princess of the  Jersey Shore  up all night does initially  Snooki  and I had a ", "We turn out reality TV's snapping a lot going on for the star Jersey Shore spinoff show premieres in just object and she's engaged to be married -- -- he's also got to become -- mom. -- out of pint sized stars speaking out for the first time. About all of next to our juju Chang joins us now with this -- -- -- June hello Larry you know it is a big development. The baby -- for Snooki and she insists it's changed her she says she's totally sworn off partying. For nine months anyway and she just about everything from nursing to spray tanning. And GTL gym tan laundry as they say on Jersey Shore soon it'll be BP. She's the party princess of the Jersey Shore up all night -- -- -- said. For permanent -- and drunken brawl us. Turned her into a reality mega star on ", "'Snooki' lends a hand to help her fellow New Jersey residents impacted by Hurricane Sandy.", "last night somehow she found a way out of her exclusive contract with Wimbledon. the when they I'm sick of this degrading  reality TV  I want to be hit with a folding chair make it happen. She'll at wrestle mania teeming with couple wrestlers which will ", "-- the -- -- when they I'm sick of this degrading -- reality TV I want to be hit with a folding chair make it happen. She'll -- at wrestle mania teeming with couple wrestlers which ", 'on top everything else yes it makes the winning and even with leader and you have like kidney stones Right now on the  Jersey Shore  is back to haunt us one more time today since he apparently signed a contract with a company called asks RG ventures ', '-- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- Right now on the Jersey Shore is back to haunt us one more time today since he apparently signed a contract with a company called asks RG ventures. ', "ahead for this  Jersey Shore  star including lane may be over  Jersey Shore  star Nicole  Snooki  But that doesn't hot career this  reality TV  queen sits down beach that's  Jersey Shore  star the colts the spin off  Snooki  and she and fiance ", "wait hours and MTV wild child find out what's ahead for this Jersey Shore star including why she's slimming down. And straightening. Well life in the all night party fast lane may be over -- Jersey Shore star Nicole Snooki -- But that doesn't mean she's slowing down juggling motherhood. And the red hot career this reality TV queen sits down with -- ABC's Chris -- to discuss her long road to fame. And how she plans to stand on top. Look who's ready to get back on the beach that's Jersey Shore star the colts -- Pulitzer. -- -- weekly cover -- having dropped 42. Just six months after giving birth to her first ", 'to buy generics Big And  Jersey Shore  come to Times Square and make you go wow about  Snooki  pregnancy. Mary or damage the cheapest. Look at  the unit  price right in front end famous scenes from the  Jersey Shore  with just going craze ', 'extreme coupon shows us how to buy generics -- Big -- And Jersey Shore come to Times Square and jwoww is here to make you go wow about Snooki pregnancy. -- -- -- -- -- Mary or damage. -- ', "bill where and boy his Olympics. Yeah. Sitting in her new show Snooki and jwoww. Please welcome Jimmy -- Yeah. Be -- -- I can't. -- -- should tell everybody. The movie we were -- ", "Things are getting very dramatic and Miami tonight.  Snooki  boyfriend from back home called to no he had sex with another hard for me to figure out but. Here's what happened when  Snooki  and Amelio made the big mistake of talking to each other ", "Things are getting very dramatic and Miami tonight. Snooki boyfriend from back home called to -- -- no he had sex with another girl she was not happy about it despite the fact that last week. She it seemed she had sex with one of the guys in the house that the rules of the show -- very hard for me to figure out but. Here's what happened when Snooki and Amelio made the big mistake of talking to each other on the phone. They. Want to remind me. -- It's. A. ", "Wedding Bells for Snooki  and Jionni? 'Jersey Shore' Star Opens Up on Relationship", "Add a note if your  Jersey Shore  and you probably are as well going to recast hit reality show  Jersey Shore  after the fifth season. Before the situation right here. He's  Jersey Shore  as we know coming to an an an insider ", "Add a note if your Jersey Shore and -- you probably are as well. It could Davidson east fifteen minutes of fame are up there are reports this morning and TV is going to recast -- hit reality show Jersey Shore after the fifth season. Before you freak out though the network is denying that He recasting rumors are true. ABC's Lindsey Davis has this update. Could be that soon they'll be no -- -- stumbling. Or Jay wells on this. The situation and doing well fixes is the situation right here. He's Jersey Shore as we know coming to an an an insider for the show tells us magazine that they're looking to shake up the "]