['Part 9: From "Seinfeld" to "Cheers," every finalist in this category was a comedy.', 'Keith Thibodeaux  of " I Love Lucy " looks back at jamming with Desi, bonding with Lucy.', 'today 60 years after it debuted. " I love lucy ".Lucy." This is the pilot seen on the dvd extra of the " i love lucy " box set. It doesn\'t look quite insisted. The reason there\'s an " i love lucy " show is because they wanted to ', "meat and vegetables and vinerals. You have said that you said i, lucille ball , I don't think funny. I don't think funny. I can do funny things that others write down in detail if they tell ", "and he used to.  Lucille ball 's daughter Lisa almost like it's  I Love Lucy  anyway half the definitely people Lucy  Lucille Ball . This new dvd member of the  Lucille Ball  is a very serious their ownership of  I Love Lucy  to CBS for approximately ", "-- -- is. I loved Lucy. Isn't it amazing to think that Lucille Ball and her husband as Leon has created this show of his sixty years ago. But it is still running and -- is ", "recognized and none -- -- and posters walls and he used to. Lucille ball's daughter Lisa yeah earnings the week. Lucio -- enjoyed a long career on Broadway and in the movies. -- -- 62 years ", "there's always somebody who says. It's okay -- it's almost like it's I Love Lucy anyway half the Paris museum doesn't married in the show and in real life. The mother of my children lettuce and definitely people -- Lucy Lucille Ball . This -- new dvd extent she is -- since introducing the cats. I Love -- -- about the real -- someone missing ", 'A.S.H." Is a good one. " I love lucy " I was thinking, too. Were you wawa. You also got to take lucy and  desi arnaz  jr. Back to the set. We went back from home, huh? We took lucy and  desi arnaz  jr. Back to the original sets ', "gilda radner doing barbara wawa. You also got to take lucy and desi arnaz jr. Back to the set. We went back to the original set. Remember the vitamins? For those kids, who -- it's a home away from home, huh? We took lucy and desi arnaz jr. Back to the original sets. And talked about their mother and what she was like. There are interviews. There are all ", 'bathing suit. You\'re a beautiful girl. There\'s that  lucille ball  quality of you. We saw a picture you tweeted. Do you god. That\'s horrible. I wish. I grew up watching " i love lucy ." It\'s one of my favorite tv shows, me and my son ', 'you hopping. The hottest bathing suit. You\'re a beautiful girl. There\'s that lucille ball quality of you. We saw a picture you tweeted. Do you feel it in you? I wish. Oh, my god. That\'s horrible. I wish. I grew up watching " i love lucy ." It\'s one of my favorite tv shows, me and my son would watch it all the time. I love it. This was ', "She is the original queen of TV comedy  Lucille Ball  or 100 years ago today. And more than twenty years after ever to run a major TV studio dazzling studios. And  I Love Lucy  she'd ever thought run for. Defeated then run even ", 'She is the original queen of TV comedy Lucille Ball or 100 years ago today. And more than twenty years after losing her this country still love Lucy today we were talking ', 'interim look at heroes and come upon  Lucille Ball  have a seal why give good taste.  Lucille Ball  ice to watch her runs. my grandparents great lesson of every episode of  I Love Lucy  and that is humor can take on anything ', "last night. In the interim look at heroes and -- come upon Lucille Ball have a seal -- -- why give good taste. Lucille Ball ice to watch her -- runs. -- my grandparents should a miserable childhood she had lived with the grandmother who -- happiness was a sin. Allowed no mirrors in the house because she -- -- -- -- -- and had -- friend -- the -- kicking people -- places. And what happened was she learned to make funny faces. By looking at her reflection in trolley car windows but it's the greatest lesson of Lucille -- young life. And the great lesson of every episode of I Love Lucy and that is humor can take on anything. And I said that's I want my son to see that's -- -- my ", "the epicenter of chocolate candy factory it's where  Lucille Ball  did. First famous you remember it. We had reenacting you very much for bringing that to say I love seeing  I Love Lucy  one more time really quickly what's the most surprising ", "we went to the epicenter of chocolate -- candy factory it's where Lucille Ball did. First famous -- you remember it. We had -- reenacting. Okay. For some -- gifts don't really matter because they say ", 'during pregnancy pact directly over your shoulders perhaps sadly her son Donovan days of in bad and eating for two. Like  I Love Lucy  yeah. How much. Could obsessed with your weight while pregnant and immediately after adds another story. A recent ', 'son Donovan days of -- in bad and eating for two. Like I Love Lucy yeah. How much. Could -- obsessed with your weight while pregnant and immediately after adds another story. A recent study in England ', 'cone-shaped pieces of chocolate, when they were individually hand-wrapped. Reminiscent of this famed moment on " i love lucy ." Every day. 50 million. Reporter:50 million a day. The machines run 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. Each year ', 'chocolate, when they were individually hand-wrapped. Reminiscent of this famed moment on " i love lucy ." Every day. 50 million. Reporter:50 million a day. The machines run 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. Each year, enough ', 'all-time. More than 1 million of you voted. And lucy beat out "seinfeld," "m.A.S.H.," And "cheers." " I love lucy ," still being shown in 77 countries, around the world, in 22 different languages. We\'re sure to be loving lucy ', 'million of you voted. And lucy beat out "seinfeld," "m.A.S.H.," And "cheers." " I love lucy ," still being shown in 77 countries, around the world, in 22 different languages. We\'re sure to be loving lucy for many years ', "this girls ran and mortars from my other grosses Alley. Because she's comedian and our family but  I Love Lucy  terrific book about  I Love Lucy  right here looking back from Elizabeth Edwards she's done books on our since. Part is celebrated here ", "my other grosses -- Alley. Because she's comedian and our family but I Love Lucy terrific book about I Love Lucy right here looking back from Elizabeth Edwards she's done books on our -- -- since. -- -- -- Part is celebrated here ", 'people fell in love the first season we had a cult thing. I never imagine d we would have ten seasons. More than " i love lucy ." That\'s crazy. Pretty amazing. Well said. When did you know you had a hit on your hands? When we filmed the ', 'thing. I never imagine d we would have ten seasons. More than " i love lucy ." That\'s crazy. Pretty amazing. Well said. When did you know you had a hit on your hands? When we filmed the first ', 'racing you. Among those, cliff hux tabl. Andy griffith and moms, marge jim son, marion cunningham. Best comedy. " I love lucy " "seinfeld" ""m.A.S.H."." "Sopranos." And "the twilight zone." And viewers can vote for boast soap ', 'tabl. Andy griffith and moms, marge jim son, marion cunningham. Best comedy. " I love lucy " "seinfeld" ""m.A.S.H."." "Sopranos." And "the twilight zone." And viewers can vote for boast soap opera. Much changed since tv sets became fixtures ', "other reasons before any of the stuff started because I was Kate. And then he says she's passing your time watching  I Love Lucy  reruns and reading the Hunger Games trilogy and the big news here she says she's revisiting motherhood that that is ", "-- -- Kate. And then he says she's passing your time watching I Love Lucy reruns and reading the Hunger Games trilogy and the big news here she says she's revisiting motherhood that that is not out ", "upon And I'm I'm really shocked shocked that caters to women showcasing more offbeat items people valuable. And  I Love Lucy  doll a wedding dress with Christmas lights she. A dog studded with 95 thousands more crystals the owner says He may ", 'that caters to women showcasing more offbeat items people -- valuable. And I Love Lucy doll -- a wedding dress with Christmas lights she. -- -- A dog -- studded with 95 thousands more -- -- crystals ', "it's no it's it's it's it's really kind. It's kinda when the name of the shows Iceland's Coco is very  I Love Lucy  you know that's we spun off. You know C got what are ideas and you got meeting musician entertainer who you know is ", "It's kinda when the name of the shows Iceland's Coco is very I Love Lucy you know that's we spun off. You know C got -- what are -- ideas and you got meeting musician entertainer who ", "American show they were developing is at the same time mine was Look at that supposed to be laugh they have all they can do  I Love Lucy  they can do everything that we've to. Yeah there with a story which did that you know. That's pretty good idea ", "at that supposed to be laugh they have all they can do I Love Lucy they can do everything that we've -- -- -- -- -- to. Yeah there with a story which did that you know. ", "Lucy's cinnamon in gluten free cookies. Tell me why I like them I really liked him. Yes I agree with you you know  I Love Lucy  what can I tell you numbers he's actually a medical doctor. Really focused in on a great flavor. great taste base ", "them I really liked him. Yes I agree with you you know I Love Lucy what can I tell you -- -- -- numbers he's actually a medical doctor. Really focused in on a great flavor. -- "]