['Sandy is pulling the plug on taping of the MTV show " Snooki  & JWoww." Berkeley Township officials say taping the " Jersey Shore " spinoff is a commercial enterprise, which would violate ', 'he became governor in 2010 the state\'s image was being shaped by the mob drama "The Sopranos" and reality shows " Jersey Shore " and "The Real Housewives of New Jersey." Christie, who has become a national figure in his three years as governor ', 'Some residents of a  Jersey shore  town say they don\'t want reality star Nicole " Snooki " Polizzi to benefit from efforts for the new season of her " Jersey Shore " spinoff, " Snooki  and JWoww." Some homeowners ', 'he became governor in 2010 the state\'s image was being shaped by the mob drama "The Sopranos" and reality shows " Jersey Shore " and "The Real Housewives of New Jersey." Christie, who has become a national figure in his three years as governor ', 'son Lorenzo, Nicole " Snooki " Polizi, 25, is making weight loss. Related:  Snooki  Says She\'s Ready For Baby No. 2 The former " Jersey Shore " star was in New York skirt and black heels.  Snooki  was once the life of the ', '"Duck Dynasty," the hit  reality - TV  show on A&E, is known for its bearded, camouflage-wearing standoffs aren\'t new to the business. The casts of "The  Jersey Shore ," "Modern Family," "Grey\'s Anatomy" and "Friends ', 'celebrity tourism in the Aloha State.  Snooki  From the beaches of Seaside Heights New Jersey state house, Nicole " Snooki " Polizzi\'s influence is felt all named after the star of MTV\'s " Jersey Shore ," gives local officials more authority ', 'Getty Images) Nicole " Snooki " Polizzi is ready for to baby Lorenzo, the " Jersey Shore " star told Cosmopolitan fiance Jionni LaValle,  Snooki  said, "Jionni and I are Show Off Their Baby Bumps  Snooki \'s motherly desires have ', 'girly,"  Snooki  told ABC News And that, " Jersey Shore " fans, is know about  Snooki \'s new line Couture by  Nicole Polizzi ," which debuted is cute,"  Snooki  said. The heads to the  Jersey Shore  for the summer ', 'void left by its breakout hit " Jersey Shore ," which ended last month. Dominican-American shout out on an episode of the " Jersey Shore ." That doesn\'t mean that ethnographic dimension that made " Jersey Shore " compelling television, however ', 'Image credit: iHip  Snooki  hasn\'t only spent heard that right.  Snooki , who partnered with in Las Vegas, " Jersey Shore " star Nicole " Snooki " Polizzi will be unveiling Snooki  Couture by  Nicole Polizzi " collection. The ', 'this lawsuit probably won\'t turn people away." As  reality TV  in all iterations has become more and more popular He compared that to shows like "The Hills" and " Jersey Shore " on MTV. With those shows, people tend to recognize ', 'Now, to the cast of " jersey shore ." Here in times square all, the cast minus  snooki , who is home. Jwoww How do you feel about " jersey shore " ending? It\'s bittersweet. " Jersey shore " changed my life, in ', 'it doesn\'t go away? Change, no? And, dino, what do you think jersey shore\'s lasting impression will be? What will they say about " jersey shore " 10 years from now? I think they\'ll be able to relate. Our show was, like -- we never thought it was going ', 'heat index."  Snooki \'s transformation member of "the  jersey shore ." Now, she scene on " jersey shore ," four years ago.  Nicole polizzi \'s star has her show, " snooki  and j. Wow like where did  snooki  go?  Snooki \'s ', 'now, burning up "the heat index." Snooki\'s transformation. She got famous as a hard-partying cast member of "the jersey shore ." Now, she has a new look. Dropping weight, her nickname and drinking. All of the bathrooms were taken. Reporter: Ever since she exploded on the tv reality scene on " jersey shore ," four years ago. Nicole polizzi\'s star has been on the rise. Now, 25. The pint-sized media mogul, who is about to begin start filming the new season of her show, " snooki and j. Wow" is embracing a new passion, fitness. How much have you lost? Probably 50 pounds. It took months to see ', "elaborate. I can't exactly aliens they have it's good times expunge our anti have fun to all right we in the new show everybody  Snooki  and jwoww. It premieres tomorrow on MTV congratulations. I don't you and good yesterday he congratulations and I don't ", "fun to all right we -- -- in the new show everybody Snooki and jwoww. It premieres tomorrow on MTV congratulations. I don't you and good -- yesterday he congratulations and I don't all the ", 'of us weekly the star  Jersey Shore  is speaking out for the Good morning George  Snooki  is having a baby. And fans of  Jersey Shore  may be having a cow what the only thing Nicole  Snooki  pollutes the expecting ', "fitting by the reality star. Am I nor -- -- fitness fun. Snooki told us she's sorry about all that line but wanted to play it safe by waiting until she was three months a long before getting word out. She says she's sworn off caffeine and alcohol but admits -- some -- in Las Vegas just days before her positive tests. She freaked out because she did go out. And party quite a bit on New Year's -- but obviously those days are now over for her while she prepares for -- Buffy is currently shooting a Jersey Shore spinoff with jwoww says he says her larger than life -- won't be living in the Jersey Shore house next summer. -- she says she may visit. And -- for kicking it at a club while pregnant -- yes -- calls that behavior disgusting. Remind us what universe is. This and classic smokey bash at the way she described her morning sickness -- she sat. Feel really hung over that's more like it. What will happen to the ratings monster that is Jersey sure not -- Snooki on the Jersey Shore on. He'll be a real challenge -- MTV. She is a big reason why people -- And so if it seems as if so much has changed about Snooki in a very short time at least one thing remains the same. -- she put it last summer why do you think ", 'Looks like  Snooki  is working on her own  Jersey Shore  spin off. The pint size reality star is reportedly pregnant. The New York Post says snow three months pregnant with their first ', 'Looks like Snooki is working on her own -- Jersey Shore spin off. The pint size reality star is reportedly pregnant. The New York Post says snow -- -- -- three months pregnant ', "lane may be over  Jersey Shore  star Nicole  Snooki  But that doesn't hot career this  reality TV  queen sits down beach that's  Jersey Shore  star that holds a ruckus and  Jersey Shore  after the series the spin off  Snooki  and she and fiance ", "life in the all night party fast lane may be over -- Jersey Shore star Nicole Snooki -- But that doesn't mean she's slowing down juggling motherhood. And red hot career this reality TV queen sits down with -- ABC's Chris -- to discuss her long road to fame. And how she plans to stand on top. Look who's ready to get back on the beach that's Jersey Shore star that holds the people -- Let us weekly cover -- having dropped 42. Just six months after giving birth to her ", "felt Farley are here with an update. And all things  Jersey Shore  season five well underway and there's a spinoff now you guys are getting a spinoff and the and the boys of  Jersey Shore  as yet or not. Some has yapping at Clinton is and I ", "Jenny jwoww felt Farley are here with an update. And all things Jersey Shore season five well underway and there's a spinoff now in the works. We are predicting a lot of drama a lot of ", 'you guys are getting a spinoff and the and the boys of Jersey Shore as yet or not. Some -- has yapping at Clinton -- -- is and I think -- Vinny is going to be ']