['next year." In light of recent Bachelor couples,  Jake Pavelka  and Vienna Girardi who went through a very public break on last season\'s "The Bachelor," when she left  Jake Pavelka  and quit the show to give priority to her career. The ', 'Fedotowsky said. America first fell in love with Fedotowsky on last season\'s "The Bachelor," when she left  Jake Pavelka  and quit the show to give priority to her career. The fan favorite was then chosen to return as " The Bachelorette ', 'the stars and contestants of " "The Bachelor" and its sister spin-off "The Bachelorette." "Bachelor" couple  Jake Pavelka  and Vienna Girardi\'s very public courtship went from sparks at the beginning to a very different kind of fireworks ', "Jake Pavelka  and Vienna Girardi weren't afraid to live and love in the spotlight, and now their acrimonious breakup is being played out in ", 'gracious Lysacek. "They deserve it." The grand finale also brought former contestants Pam Anderson, Niecy Nash,  Jake Pavelka , Buzz Aldrin and Kate Gosselin back onto the floor for command performances (none of which did much to convince anyone ', 'brought former contestants Pam Anderson, Niecy Nash,  Jake Pavelka , Buzz Aldrin and Kate Gosselin back onto the floor was good timing with my kids." "The Bachelor" star  Jake Pavelka  and professional partner Chelsie Hightower were sent ', 'Jake Pavelka  won the girl of his dreams on "The Bachelor," but last night on "Dancing With the Stars" he lost the chance to take home the ', 'back next week. Goodman said, "I\'m not going to try to criticize, I think you inspire people." "The Bachelor"  Jake Pavelka  was praised for his "great energy" by Tonioli, and Inaba said he was "a joy to watch." Even Goodman said the pilot ', 'thing that could happen? Come out and go for it. Go out fighting." \'The Bachelor\' Wins Praise "The Bachelor"  Jake Pavelka  was praised for his "great energy" by Tonioli, and Inaba said he was "a joy to watch." Even Goodman said the pilot ', 'They are going to win in the end. I\'m going to rest. ... I\'m going to the beach." "The Bachelor" star  Jake Pavelka  and professional partner Chelsie Hightower were sent home on the show\'s fifth elimination. The airline pilot and ', 'the stars shine on camera. "Before I did \'The Bachelor\' I didn\'t know none of my clothes fit," said bachelor  Jake Pavelka , who shocked fans when he chose contestant Vienna Girardi in the most recent season. "Cary Fetman does their wardrobe ', 'After 15 Minutes of Fame, Bachelors Andrew Firestone, Bob Guiney Tackle Love, Career', "It is time now for the singles America loves to hate you may remember that explosive and very public break up last season I would did you ever doubt that driving. They were reunited left to go through a series bachelor pad it. That's another blow leg special contributor Cameron mathison had a", 'Jake Pavelka  and partner Chelsie Hightower reflect on their dancing experience.', 'A rep for the reality show says  Jake Pavelka  and Vienna Girardi have broken up.']