['the ire of working moms. As  Kate Gosselin  worked to perfection paso parent that He would ask that  Kate Gosselin  has always said her kids come to be a good father. Since  Jon and Kate plus eight  stopped production last November ', "about money it's about a chance to be a good father. Since Jon and Kate plus eight stopped production last November John's lawyer says he's been working on unnamed projects but declined to go into -- -- -- -- ", '"GMA" Pop News Heat Index: \'Kate Plus 8\' Ends; Miss Universe Crowned; Worst Movie Ever?', "That's just like the news heat index and last night's mark the last ever episode of Kate plus great viewers and highlights from the seventh season of the show. From cape at frightening scene with the sextuplets and Johnny forcing 2009. To life as a single parents. Knack for his part Jon the kids", 'she gave birth to twins and sextuplets. She shared her life on TV with a hit reality show Jon and Kate plus say this wife mother and TV star knows. Quite a bit about balancing household budget joining us to share her money saving tips from groceries a holiday shopping is herself Kate thanks so much', 'Real drama broke out on the set of Kate plus say that show starring none other than  Kate Gosselin . During camping trip in the Grand Canyon Gosselin who lost her cool over a things. Slice of pizza. Cameras were rolling when ', 'the set of Kate plus say that show starring none other than Kate Gosselin . During camping trip in the Grand Canyon Gosselin who lost her cool over a -- things. Slice of pizza. Cameras were rolling ', 'So initially there was this that you may have seen this already it was a sort of felt like  Jon Gosselin  match dot com yeah. Well in response to this is still not involving it all another person has decided to scooper. This one is ', 'may have seen this already it was a sort of felt like Jon Gosselin match dot com yeah. Well in response to this is still not involving -- it all another person has decided to scooper. ', 'One of the most reality shows on television  Jon and Kate plus eight  follows the gospel and found it chaotic crowd three boys and three girls. And they became  Jon and Kate plus eight  growing apparently growing up one day at a time ', 'One of the most -- reality shows on television Jon and Kate plus eight follows the gospel and found it chaotic crowd. Of twins and sextuplets. -- Kate. Has written about her situation in new book ', 'bigger -- next couple three boys and three girls. And they became Jon and Kate plus eight -- growing apparently growing up one day at a time. Now 52 graders and risking their days are always -- them. And ', "don't last that reality I don't like reality shows. At all a long time torch is very sweet. Reality show called  Jon and Kate plus eight . And I leave the country for like six come back and the whole thing has just blown up in in everyone's face and and ", 'long time -- -- -- torch is very sweet. Reality show called Jon and Kate plus eight . And I leave the country for like six -- -- come back and the whole thing has just blown up in -- ', "Jon Gosselin  of  Jon and Kate plus eight  fame says that because of their custody arrangement. He and his ex wife Kate will spend the holidays if they'll spend Christmas ", "Jon Gosselin of Jon and Kate plus eight fame says that because of their custody arrangement. He and his ex wife Kate will spend the holidays if they'll spend Christmas ", "nick in London. Incredible story. Coming up next our collaboration Google and among today's top rising searches is  Jon and Kate plus eight  series finale of the show is now over for the Gosselin family. After a three year run on TLC. As their marriage dissolved ", "next our collaboration -- Google and among today's top rising searches is Jon and Kate plus eight series finale of the show is now over for the Gosselin family. After a three year run on TLC. As their marriage ", "Going to take a closer look tonight at the Pennsylvania family known by many as  Jon and Kate plus eight . He can't miss their images at the grocery store check out. Parents have been paid to raise their children essentially in front ", "a closer look tonight at the Pennsylvania family known by many as Jon and Kate plus eight . He can't miss their images at the grocery store check out. Parents have been paid to raise their children essentially in front "]