["America's Third War : ICE Agents Nab More Than 600 Alleged Gang Members in Raids on U.S. Cities", "America's Third War : As Drug Cartels Continue Stronghold, Female Mexican Police Chief Taken Near Christmas Still Missing", 'The police chief of Guadalupe, Mexico was kidnapped two days before Christmas and has not been seen since.Erika Gandara, 28 years old, was a former radio dispatcher ...', 'Police are investigating the shooting deaths of two American citizens, gunned down while waiting to come into the U.S. at a border crossing near San Diego.According ...', 'EXCLUSIVE: He is a confidential informant and ex-felon. He lives among drug dealers and corrupt officials along the U.S.-Mexican border. And after a year on the job,...', "America's Third War : Fears Emerge That Mexican Drug Violence Could Spill Into U.S.", 'A series of high-profile murders of U.S. citizens along the border with Mexico has raised fears about drug cartel violence spilling over into the United States.Missi...', "America's Third War : As Drug Cartels Continue Stronghold, Female Mexican Police Chief Taken Near Christmas Still Missing", 'The female police chief of Guadalupe, Mexico, has not been seen or heard from since being abducted two days before Christmas.Erika Gandara was a former radio dispatc...', 'Their tactics rival those of Al Qaeda: summary executions, kidnappings, torture, and beheadings.Mexican cartels have executed more than 10,000 people since January -...', "America's Third War : The U.S. Cut a Deal With the Sinaloa Cartel, Say Court Documents", 'U.S. federal agents allegedly cut a deal with the Sinaloa drug cartel that allowed it to traffic tons of narcotics across the border, in exchange for information abo...', 'A new high-tech, low-cost camera system is helping to detect illegal immigrants along the Texas-Mexico border, according to the Texas Department of Public Safety.The...', 'About 150 miles north of Guatemala City, deep in the jungle, is a military base where Guatemalan Special Forces are being trained secretly by U.S. Green Berets.The U...', 'In spite of radar, helicopters and infared cameras, the fight to protect the U.S. border often comes down to a simple footrace.U.S. Border Patrol Agent Eric Cantu ha...', "Two months after the shooting death of Border Patrol Agent Brian Terry, the FBI and the U.S. Attorney's Office remain silent. But family members, and others, are spe..."]