['An estimated 1,000 mourners joined the family of Jaime Zapata to say goodbye to the man who gave his life fighting to keep drugs and undocumented immigrants from ent...', "If you ever watch video or look at pictures of the drug war in Mexico, you'll notice some pretty heavy weapons. This is a war being waged with rockets and plastic ex...", 'The violence in Juarez, Mexico, is bad enough that the language is changing to keep pace."Narcofosa" is a word I heard for the first time in Juarez. Narco means work...', 'What happens in Iran over the next few months may be one of the biggest wild cards in the 2012 election, and Defense Secretary Leon Panetta was characteristically bl...', 'The evidence is mounting more than ever to suggest that President Obama is morphing into failed Democratic President Jimmy Carter . The latest comparison was made by...', 'Airstrikes Against Libya -- Welcome to the Brave New World of the Obama Doctrine', '[fnvideo 4455503]This is a rush transcript from "Special Report," December 10, 2010. This copy may not be in its final form and may be updated.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BILL...', '[fnvideo 4467346]This is a rush transcript from "Special Report," December 17, 2010. This copy may not be in its final form and may be updated.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)PRES...', "President Obama faced mounting pressure Sunday to make crystal clear what the United States' intentions are in Libya, as he prepared to deliver an address to the nat...", 'The Senate is examining an aid package to Arab countries to solidify democratic gains and improve relations with citizens in a part of the world accustomed to U.S. s...', 'Former Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice defended the Obama administration for intervening in Libya , expressing relief that the U.S. and its allies did not "sit o...', 'President Obama on Monday prepared to make his case to the nation about why he ordered U.S. forces to Libya in an address that gives him an opportunity to answer mou...', "MICHAEL GOODWIN: Does Attorney General Eric Holder Believe He's Too Good for America?", "Eric Holder is too good for America. He knows best -- he said so himself! -- yet this nation of fools and bigots, aided and abetted by a cowardly Congress, won't hee..."]