['rehearsing for the ninth season of "Dancing With the Stars." Gray, who has been paired with professional dancer  Jonathan Roberts  , told ABCNews.com last week: "I\'m working on the waltz every day and I think I have it down." The "I Try ', 'she said. "We practiced in hallways behind the stage, in conference rooms at the hotel," said her partner  Jonathan Roberts . Tom DeLay\'s \'Cute\' Dancing Shoes Former Dallas Cowboy Michael Irvin was worried about what his appearance would ', 'professional dance partners, Edyta Sliwinska and  Jonathan Roberts . "It was the first time I had ever done anything conference rooms at the hotel," said her partner  Jonathan Roberts . Former Dallas Cowboy Michael Irvin was worried ', 'she said. "We practiced in hallways behind the stage in conference rooms at the hotel," said her partner  Jonathan Roberts . Being on the show is a different experience for everyone. Louis Vito admitted he had never seen the show, and ', "Kathy Ireland Feels Like a 'Big Winner' After 'Dancing With the Stars' Appearance", 'she said. "We practiced in hallways behind the stage, in conference rooms at the hotel," said her partner  Jonathan Roberts . Former Dallas Cowboy Michael Irvin was worried about what his appearance would do for his image. "It took me ', 'with two-time champion Cheryl Burke, who returns for her eighth season. Macy Gray, Grammy winner, teams with  Jonathan Roberts , who returns for his seventh season. Ashley Hamilton, actor and comedian, teams with Edyta Sliwinska, who is ', 'Network, has publicly urged its supporters to "cheer on" the star. Osmond and her partner, professional dancer  Jonathan Roberts , have waltzed past nine other couples, despite lower dance scores by the judges. Now she will compete against ', 'lose? I gave my new favorite answer to every opportunity that life threw my way: "Why not?" I was paired with  Jonathan Roberts , a show veteran who looked as dashing in person as he did when he partnered Marie Osmond, Heather Mills, and Rachel ', 'being ousted so early from the show, Seles said she enjoyed her stint and working with her professional partner  Jonathan Roberts . "I\'ve got an amazing partner in Jonathan," she said. "We had an absolute blast. On the tennis court I never ', "couples have? Marie Osmond talking about partner  Jonathan Roberts : The first week that we danced, I don't know the cheek)... 'Have fun,' and then we go!  Jonathan Roberts : Right before we go on the floor we make sure we ", 'Billionaire Dallas Mavericks owner Mark Cuban and his partner, Kym Johnson, who tied with Osmond and her partner,  Jonathan Roberts , for last place, were eliminated. Cuban, who said he lost 30 pounds during the course of the show, accepted ', 'crushes my pelvis, punctures my lung," she said without flinching. Her partner on "Dancing With the Stars,"  Jonathan Roberts , admits that he flinched when told he was teaming up with Mills. "I was like, in a bit of shock," Roberts told ', 'punctures my lung," Mills said. Now, she\'s training for the competition in England with her partner on the show,  Jonathan Roberts . "I was like, in a bit of shock. Like, my goodness, what is she thinking," Roberts said about his partner\'s ', "their last dances joining us this morning because they're troopers. From LA along with the partners Johnson and  Jonathan Roberts  good morning everybody. Tomorrow morning. It's good to have you up so early. I'm Monica let me start with ", "because they're troopers. From LA along with the partners -- Johnson and Jonathan Roberts good morning everybody. Tomorrow morning. It's good to have you up so early. I'm Monica let me start with you because we "]