['life you wanted."  Jon Gosselin  vs.  Kate Gosselin  After the couple, made infamous) by TLC\'s "  Jon  &  Kate Plus 8  ," split up in 2009,  Kate Gosselin  cried about the mess family had become, and  Jon Gosselin  accused her of exploiting ', 'life you wanted."  Jon Gosselin  vs.  Kate Gosselin  After the couple, made infamous) by TLC\'s "  Jon  &  Kate Plus 8  ," split up in 2009,  Kate Gosselin  cried about the mess family had become, and  Jon Gosselin  accused her of exploiting ', 'you wanted."  Jon Gosselin  vs.  Kate Gosselin  After the couple by TLC\'s "  Jon  &  Kate Plus 8  ," split up Still single,  Kate Gosselin  continues to reality show " Kate Plus 8 " was cancelled, while  Jon Gosselin  has quietly ', 'famous life you wanted."  Jon Gosselin  vs.  Kate Gosselin  After the couple, made famous then infamous) by TLC\'s "  Jon  &  Kate Plus 8  ," split up in 2009, she even after her reality show " Kate Plus 8 " was cancelled, while Jon ', 'Jon Gosselin  says he\'s partly to blame for the way his marriage to  Kate Gosselin  ended. The former " Jon  &  Kate Plus 8 ? couple went through a bitter divorce that was finalized in 2009. Reflecting on that experience in an interview with People ', 'famous life you wanted."  Jon Gosselin  vs.  Kate Gosselin  After the couple, made famous then infamous) by TLC\'s "  Jon  &  Kate Plus 8  ," split up in 2009, she even after her reality show " Kate Plus 8 " was cancelled, while Jon ', 'that the 19-year-old hopes to become the next  Kate Gosselin , who became famous as the mother of two sets of multiples on the TLC show " Jon and Kate Plus 8 ." "She thinks the babies will help her get her ', 'Fans of  Kate Gosselin  can get a chance to meet the reality star up close this summer when of the Seas. According to the company\'s website , the former " Kate Plus 8 ? star will host several private dining events and also participate ', 'famous life you wanted."  Jon Gosselin  vs.  Kate Gosselin  After the couple, made famous then infamous) by TLC\'s "  Jon  &  Kate Plus 8  ," split up in 2009, she even after her reality show " Kate Plus 8 " was cancelled, while Jon ', "Our collaboration Google and among today's top rising searches is  Jon and Kate plus eight  series finale of the show is now over for the Gosselin family. After a three year run on TLC. As their marriage dissolved Kate ", "Our collaboration -- Google and among today's top rising searches is Jon and Kate plus eight series finale of the show is now over for the Gosselin family. After a three year run on TLC. As their marriage ", 'the ire of working moms. As  Kate Gosselin  worked to perfection paso parent that He would ask that  Kate Gosselin  has always said her kids come to be a good father. Since  Jon and Kate plus eight  stopped production last November ', "about money it's about a chance to be a good father. Since Jon and Kate plus eight stopped production last November John's lawyer says he's been working on unnamed projects but declined to go into -- -- -- -- ", '"GMA" Pop News Heat Index: \'Kate Plus 8\' Ends; Miss Universe Crowned; Worst Movie Ever?', "That's just like the news heat index and last night's mark the last ever episode of Kate plus great viewers and highlights from the seventh season of the show. From cape at frightening scene with the sextuplets and Johnny forcing 2009. To life as a single parents. Knack for his part Jon the kids", 'she gave birth to twins and sextuplets. She shared her life on TV with a hit reality show Jon and Kate plus say this wife mother and TV star knows. Quite a bit about balancing household budget joining us to share her money saving tips from groceries a holiday shopping is herself Kate thanks so much', 'Real drama broke out on the set of Kate plus say that show starring none other than  Kate Gosselin . During camping trip in the Grand Canyon Gosselin who lost her cool over a things. Slice of pizza. Cameras were rolling when ', 'the set of Kate plus say that show starring none other than Kate Gosselin . During camping trip in the Grand Canyon Gosselin who lost her cool over a -- things. Slice of pizza. Cameras were rolling ', 'So initially there was this that you may have seen this already it was a sort of felt like  Jon Gosselin  match dot com yeah. Well in response to this is still not involving it all another person has decided to scooper. This one is ', 'may have seen this already it was a sort of felt like Jon Gosselin match dot com yeah. Well in response to this is still not involving -- it all another person has decided to scooper. ']