['Megan Fox scored the fifth spot in Maxim\'s Hot 100. Reality TV phenom Kim Kardashian (No. 9), model/actress  Joanna Krupa  (No. 37), wrestling alum Stacy Keibler (No. 82) and veteran of the British version of "DWTS" Kelly Brook ', 'Swimsuit model  Joanna Krupa  made her exit from " Dancing With the Stars " just one show short of the final dance-off for the disco-ball trophy, despite ', 'Goodman told Osmond after his Freestyle dance.  Joanna Krupa , Aaron Carter Fall Short of \'Dancing With the Stars\' Finals Swimsuit model  Joanna Krupa  made her exit from " Dancing With the Stars " just one ', 'it was announced that Derek Hough was sick with the flu and that Maksim Chmerkovsky would fill in to dance with model  Joanna Krupa . Given the circumstances, their dance was well received and earned the couple a solid score of 24 points. To conclude ', "jitterbugs and waltzes. Then, the first ever competition mambo placed certain competitors clearly ahead of others.  Joanna Krupa  and Derek Hough led the way with a score of 36. 'Dancing With the Stars' Season 9 Results Mark Dacascos and Lacey ", "week eight were Mya and partner Dmitri Chaplin. The two other stars who remain in the competition are Donny Osmond,  Joanna Krupa  and Kelly Osbourne. 'Dancing With the Stars' Season 9 Results In week seven, Dallas Cowboy great Michael Irvin and ", 'I never thought it would happen through dancing."  Joanna Krupa , Aaron Carter Fall Short of \'Dancing With the Stars told Osmond after his freestyle dance. Swimsuit model  Joanna Krupa  made her exit from " Dancing With the Stars " just one ', 'those judges," DeLay said after his performance. Among the female contestants on Tuesday\'s Ladies Night, model  Joanna Krupa  finished in first place based on the judges\' scores. She was followed by Kelly Osbourne, who surprised many by coming ', "performance. Tom DeLay's 'Cute' Dancing Shoes Among the female contestants on Tuesday's Ladies Night, model  Joanna Krupa  finished in first place based on the judges' scores. She was followed by Kelly Osbourne, who surprised many by coming ", "Kathy Ireland Feels Like a 'Big Winner' After 'Dancing With the Stars' Appearance", 'Kathy Ireland, the third contestant to be voted off "Dancing With the Stars," said despite the early send-off she still feels "like a big winner. "It\'s been such a blessing, the entire experience," Ireland told Chris Cuomo today on "Good Morning America." "I\'m surprised that I was able to get on']