['Aaron Paul and Neil Patrick Harris anounce the nominations for the 2013 primetime emmy awards.', 'any of this. What are you -- oh, come on, man. I\'m sorry. What\'s going on? Well, do you want to be on " jimmy kimmel live "? I don\'t know. Is jimmy in there? No, no. Jimmy\'s not hosting it. I am. Oh, yeah. Well, yeah, of ', 'I\'m sorry. What\'s going on? Well, do you want to be on " jimmy kimmel live "? I don\'t know. Is jimmy in there? No, no. Jimmy\'s not hosting it. I am. Oh, yeah. Well, yeah, of course. Of ', 'grandfather and joins maxwell june who turned 1 in may and thought it would be a boy when she let the cat out the bag on " jimmy kimmel live ." Now ace is here and all of us at "gma" want to say congratulations to all of you. Other another hit on his ', 'be a boy when she let the cat out the bag on " jimmy kimmel live ." Now ace is here and all of us at "gma" want to say congratulations to all of you. Other another hit on ', 'will be 50 years young. A lucrative role. Millions watched the heart-wrenching finale of the baby bachelor on " jimmy kimmel live ." Where babies vie for the heart of little leslie. Who did he pick to be his sweetheart? Take a look. Will you ', 'lucrative role. Millions watched the heart-wrenching finale of the baby bachelor on " jimmy kimmel live ." Where babies vie for the heart of little leslie. Who did he pick to be his sweetheart? Take a look. Will you ', 'performing live on "gma" next wednesday. The blockbuster event starts on tuesday night. She\'ll be a guest on " jimmy kimmel live ." She will hop on a plane and be here in new york to perform for us live in times square. To get you in the mood ', 'The blockbuster event starts on tuesday night. She\'ll be a guest on " jimmy kimmel live ." She will hop on a plane and be here in new york to perform for us live in times square. To get ', 'be performing live on GMA next Wednesday the blockbuster event actually starts on Tuesday night will be a guest on  Jimmy Kimmel Live . After the hop on a plane fly all through the night and arrived here in New York to perform for us live in times ', 'blockbuster event actually starts on Tuesday night will be a guest on Jimmy Kimmel Live . After the -- -- -- hop on a plane fly all through the night and arrived here in New York to perform ', 'Welcome to the skinny everyone we have. Quite a treat for you this evening this money comes from us from  Jimmy Kimmel Live  who aired a special edition of their show before game six of the NBA finals. And there was music video on there ', 'a treat for you this evening this money comes from us from Jimmy Kimmel Live who aired a special edition of their show before game six of the NBA finals. And there was music video on there ', 'ABC\'s White House Correspondent discusses his book "The Outpost: An Untold Story of American Valor."', 'there life. Actually about six hour so all week long  Jimmy Kimmel Live  from Brooklyn homecoming. You have the with the FBI Thanks a lot for coming in this morning and get  Jimmy Kimmel Live  week nights at 1211 center right here on ABC.', "there -- life. Actually about six hour -- so all week long Jimmy Kimmel Live from Brooklyn -- homecoming. You have -- the -- with the FBI know I don't know you know we've been planning this ", 'of them. Thanks a lot for coming in this morning and get Jimmy Kimmel Live week nights at 1211 center right here on ABC. ', "more details on this month. Hey rob. Appearing on  Jimmy Kimmel Live  Herman Cain called the sexual harassment controversy hopeful Herman cain's and it late night laughs on  Jimmy Kimmel Live . But he began with a new controversy. I know we ", "live now more details on this -- month. Hey rob. Appearing on Jimmy Kimmel Live Herman Cain called the sexual harassment controversy a firestorm. -- said he's now ready to set the record straight. So how is your day. Well. Presidential hopeful Herman cain's -- and it -- late night laughs on Jimmy Kimmel Live . But he began with a new controversy. I know we got to do. Because there's -- a ounce of truth in all ", 'ABC\'s "Nightline" and " Jimmy Kimmel Live " shake up late night line-up with new time slots.', "watching America this morning America's number 1 in the early morning news. It's Kane and Mark Wahlberg appeared on  Jimmy Kimmel Live  last night expressing his grief and frustration over the Boston bombings. What we're told came he's grateful ", "in the early morning news. It's Kane and Mark Wahlberg appeared on Jimmy Kimmel Live last night expressing his grief and frustration over the Boston bombings. What we're told came -- he's grateful his family and friends "]