["Viewers VH one's  mob wives  know to expect some pretty high drama in every episode get physical. One day my daughter it's gonna watch  mob wives  they're not allowed to watch all it's when they well ", "Viewers -- VH one's mob wives know to expect some pretty high drama in every episode and this season has been no different. We've seen Renee had to ", "fight you don't get physical. One day my daughter it's gonna watch mob wives they're not allowed to watch all it's -- when they well so what supposed to to that they they -- how. Are ", "millions are tuning in to find out to new  reality  show following for women. With the alleged you know about the my The new VH one  reality  show mom wives follows the lives of four change. I'm coming home. There's  Karen gravano  daughter of legendary mafia informant ", "to the -- millions are tuning in to find out to new reality show following for women. With the alleged family ties to the mafia after their husbands and fathers were sent to present these women were left behind to pick up the pieces -- has the back story of the -- It. What do you know about the -- my -- The new VH one reality show mom wives follows the lives of four women as they struggle to keep their families together. Well -- husbands and fathers do hard time. End of violent split even the Desperate Housewives to change. I'm coming home. -- -- There's Karen gravano daughter of legendary mafia informant Sammy the bull -- months serving nineteen years in prison. -- -- because of my father is ", "Joining us now the stars a  mob wives Karen gravano  Seattle Carlo Fazio and the of hear you came in Atlanta the family business and now here you are on TV. A  reality  shows that care would. Let's let me just you know ", "Joining us now the stars a mob wives Karen gravano -- -- Seattle Carlo Fazio and -- the -- of -- -- hear you came -- in Atlanta studio is of the late what. Okay thank you for being here -- yeah getting this meaning out you don't get that you didn't talk about this. Did talk about the family business and now here you are on TV. A reality shows that care would. Let's let me just you know I think we're brave who think that -- We felt like bridges. ", "hair pulling and cat fights on  mob wives .  Karen gravano . You won't necessarily recognize the mafia. As raunchy as this  reality  TV show. Can't compete with the true  reality  of a young girl growing up Brevard ", "in the genuine lion's -- of the mafia. As raunchy as this reality TV show. Can't compete with the true reality of a young girl growing up Brevard. When your kid what is it that you thought you dad did for -- Construction. ", "Actual  reality  comes into play on a  reality  show and that's things for example the VH one show  mob wives  it turns out one of the cast children. On the VH one  reality  series  mob wives  no topic ", "Actual reality comes into play on a reality show and that's things can get really interesting take for example the VH one show mob wives it turns out one of the cast members -- a -- -- snitch for the FB IA BC's TJ Winick has the details. Can sports sex in the city part sopranos. -- want to -- and not feel what I. And when it comes whites. This quartet -- -- real -- wives and children. On the VH one reality series mob wives no topic is more taboo. Then rats that loyalty is every. A mafia turncoat -- walks to the police. In exchange for ", "finding that their  reality . That's filled Jill the ladies of  mob wives  are back. more what you wanted to  reality  about it and this is my  reality  unfortunately he's to be moment if  mob wives  and definitely not ", "gone horribly wrong these housewives of Staten Island are finding that their reality . That's filled with a lot of drama lately and we'll talk to -- -- and Karen in just a moment they're all. But first take a look. You wanna keep talking -- -- that mouth you're -- have a Jill -- the ladies of mob wives are back. -- more cat bites then Desperate Housewives. And even a sopranos like plot twist with -- one acts allegedly wearing ", "spilling over into the show on the season what you wanted to reality about it and this is my reality unfortunately he's -- It is what it is -- It's taken a toll on all of you guys -- -- know when ", 'turns guest starring on vehicles popular  reality  show. George haggling on stars. gators that party at the best thing. You mean  reality . I you have not seen the show it is a is the real life version. Right that  reality  version of the show follows for its strong ', 'been getting real this week taking turns guest starring on vehicles popular reality show. -- George haggling on -- stars. -- -- -- gators on Billy. The exterminator. Brought some gators back with -- the de Lara explores some truly dangerous territory meaning the women Bob lives of their home turf that -- -- party at the best thing. You mean reality . -- -- I -- you have not seen the show it is a trap remember the movie married to the mob well this is the real life version. Right that reality version of the show follows for its strong and I mean strong. Single moms on Staten Island new -- luck struggling to ', 'undermines. Raw emotion yeah. My -- is all part of the latest reality head PH ones and Bob -- Really get inside their world -- island to Staten Island New York. To see exactly what ', "parents turn to spill the beans she's writing a book about the reality -- this world. Something -- that -- only knows all too well I met this mob wife -- GM. When you have ", "characters. Into the world of  reality  TV it seems chock full of  mob wives . And real housewives Italian Americans feel that  reality  shows like Jersey Shore you're doomed to superficial  reality  for the rest of your life ", 'of Italian American characters and I -- characters. Into the world of reality TV it seems chock full of mob wives . And real housewives. Of New Jersey said. Some Italian Americans feel that reality shows like Jersey Shore only perpetuate negative stereotypes. People -- stereotype. Our -- to be -- You know and these other shows ', "And if you stay at this other level you're doomed to superficial reality for the rest of your life. Men of all ethnicities are getting married later in life but instead of living in -- "]