['Antiques Roadshow," PBS; "Deadliest Catch," Discovery Channel; "Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives," Food Network; " MythBusters ," Discovery Channel; "Shark Tank," ABC; "Undercover Boss," CBS. Reality-Competition Program: "The Amazing ', 'filmmaker and comic bookstore owner Kevin Smith, actress Mayim Bialik and Discovery Channel\'s " Mythbusters " hosts  Adam Savage  and  Jamie Hyneman  have a hunch about how Superman gets his clean, close shaves. PHOTOS: Superman Turns 75 But lifelong ', 'Discovery Channel\'s " MythBusters " finally to settle the Sunday, Cameron turned to  Adam Savage  and  Jamie Hyneman  of the popular show " Mythbusters ," on which they test plank, the guys on " Mythbusters " found that Jack and ', 'Big Bang Theory" actor Johnny Galecki and "Pan Am" actress Kelli Garner.  Adam Savage ,  Jamie Hyneman  category: AFP " Mythbusters " stars  Adam Savage  and  Jamie Hyneman , who once welcomed President Obama onto their Discovery television show ', 'The popular " MythBusters " show on the Discovery show, in which hosts  Adam Savage  and  Jamie Hyneman  test common myths the station the " MythBusters " experiment was intended explosives expert for \' MythBusters ,\' was on site and ', 'explosive summer action blockbusters like "X-Men" and "The Green Hornet" to the Discovery Channel\'s popular " Mythbusters ," a show that uses science and often-explosive experiments to answer questions like "Can combining Diet Coke and Mentos ', 'the longitude and latitude of the location shown in the image. Last summer, industrial designer  Adam Savage , co-host of the TV show  MythBusters , used his iPhone to snap a photo of his Toyota Land Cruiser parked in front of his house, then ', "From Breasts to Bieber, the Kardashians Dish on Which Rumors Are True and Which Aren't", 'Pawns\' Robert Thomas, a student who was helping Heene develop a pitch for a new reality show that he described as " MythBusters -meets-mad scientist," said Heene used his children as "pawns." He talked about his first reaction to seeing ', 'Pawns\' Robert Thomas, a student who was helping Heene develop a pitch for a new reality show that he described as " MythBusters -meets-mad scientist," said Heene used his children as "pawns." He talked about his first reaction to seeing ', "the second quarter, up 10.4% vs. the same period last year with shows such as Discovery's Deadliest Catch and  MythBusters , Animal Planet's Whale Wars and TLC's hit Jon & Kate Plus 8. Zaslav, 49, says the best is yet to come. The Brooklyn-born ", 'art of apologizing. Two of the stars of the TV show  Mythbusters  did just that after one of their cannonball experiments debunk here cannon balls and doing a lot of damage. The  Mythbusters  crew was on the other side of this still experimenting ', 'the art of apologizing. Two of the stars of the TV show Mythbusters did just that after one of their cannonball experiments. Careened through this house. This is the worst thing you can imagine happening -- I have kids of my own the house of my own thank you can imagine how angry I would be. -- find this happened. There is nothing to debunk here cannon balls and -- doing a lot of damage. The Mythbusters crew was on the other side of this still experimenting with a cannon. But the cannon -- missed its target instead the ', "President Obama is making an appearance on  Mythbusters . The show will give you a sneak peek of what he says he's basically trying to one of the theories. That a soldier this shields ", "President Obama is making an appearance on Mythbusters . The show will give you a sneak peek of what he says he's basically trying to -- -- one of the theories. ", "Done gone wrong on the popular cable show  Mythbusters . Guys were trying to measure the speed of a cannonball. What could have possibly gone wrong at the cook. This is something that's ", 'Done gone wrong on the popular cable show Mythbusters . Guys were trying to measure the speed of a cannonball. What could have possibly gone wrong at the cook. This is something ', 'Channel Titanic director James Cameron. Turned to the  Mythbusters  for help these thousands of fans think that I got it lived so. And this is what I want you guys to test the  Mythbusters  tried it first in a bathtub with. little Jack and rose ', "night on the Discovery Channel Titanic director James Cameron. Turned to the Mythbusters for help these thousands of fans think that I got it wrong and if they both could've been supported by the board that both could have lived so. And this is what I want you guys to test the Mythbusters tried it first in a bathtub with. -- little Jack and rose dolls and it doesn't look like they can stay afloat ", 'channel "titanic" director james cameron turned to the  mythbusters  for help. These thousands of fans think I got it wrong lived. This is what I want you to test. Reporter: The  mythbusters  tried it first in a bathtub with little jack and rose ', 'night on the discovery channel "titanic" director james cameron turned to the mythbusters for help. These thousands of fans think I got it wrong and both could have been supported by the board and lived. This is what I want you to test. Reporter: The mythbusters tried it first in a bathtub with little jack and rose dolls. Then tried it for real in the open water. Jack\'s ', 'Olympics athletes were born competitors today well they get a little extra help Jeffrey Kaufmann ABC news. Monday well the  Mythbusters  are back at tonight shattering one more widely held belief. Did you ever hear of the so called 52 rule if you drop food ', 'get a little extra help Jeffrey Kaufmann ABC news. Monday well the Mythbusters are back at -- tonight shattering one more widely held belief. Did you ever hear of the so called 52 rule if ', 'arrest in share after fleeing Libya. Absolutely incredible that nobody was hurt in a stunt gone wrong. On the cable show  Mythbusters  listen to this to for trying to measure the speed of a cannon ball. When that happens. Now that hole made by cannonball ', 'nobody was hurt in a stunt gone wrong. On the cable show Mythbusters listen to this to -- for trying to measure the speed of a cannon ball. When that happens. Now that hole made ']