['to the beginning of a new " Modern Family ," here\'s a quick roundup of who tied the knot. " Modern Family \'s" Jesse Tyler Ferguson Those in attendance included " Modern Family " co-star  Julie Bowen  and "So You Think You Can ', 'Louie," \'\' Modern Family ," \'\'Veep" and her two trophies.  Julie Bowen  is up for supporting actress in a comedy for " Modern Family ." However, Eric Jesse Tyler Ferguson,  Ed O \' Neill  and Ty Burrell got ', 'Networks; " Modern Family ," ABC Ferguson, " Modern Family ," ABC;  Ed O \' Neill , " Modern Family ," ABC; Ty Burrell, " Modern Family ," ABC FOX;  Sofia Vergara , " Modern Family ," ABC;  Julie Bowen , " Modern Family ," ABC; Merritt ', "Rock Girls Louie  Modern Family  The Big Bang Tyler Ferguson,  Modern Family Ed O ' Neill ,  Modern Family  Ty Burrell,  Modern Family  Bill Hader Lynch, Glee  Sofia Vergara ,  Modern Family Julie Bowen ,  Modern Family  Merritt Wever ", 'when they have no makeup on.  Sofia Vergara , 41, will hear none of that edition of Harper\'s Bazaar , the " Modern Family " beauty said hair and makeup beauty regimen - Gisele Bundchen.  Sofia Vergara  Shares Her Wedding Plans - Or ', 'Photo credit: ABC)  Ed O \' Neill  tells fans to expect finale of ABC\'s " Modern Family  ." "It involves a Gracie" follows the  Modern Family  crew as they fly down what really happens on  Modern Family \'s season finale ', 'Vriens-McGrath/Cosmopolitan  Sofia Vergara  recently spoke out about freezing with a big wedding," the ABC " Modern Family " star tells Cosmopolitan magazine When she\'s not on the set of " Modern Family ," Vergara, who says, "I love ', 'Hollywood. Cast members from " Modern Family ," "Nashville," "Scandal celebrities here," said actress  Sofia Vergara . PHOTOS: White House Correspondents president crushed it", actress  Julie Bowen  said. "Scandal" creator Shonda ', "White House Correspondents' Dinner: Stars, Politicians, Journalists Convene for 'Nerd Prom'", 'attendance at the event, which is affectionally referred to as the "Nerd Prom." " Modern Family " stars  Julie Bowen , Ty Burrell, Eric Stonestreet and  Sofia Vergara  will also be sitting at the ABC table, along with"Nashville" stars Connie Britton ', 'Correspondents\' Dinner 2013 It was the one night out of 364 when stars like "Veep\'s" Julia Louis-Dreyfus, " Modern Family \'s"  Sofia Vergara  and "Scandal\'s" Tony Goldwyn took the red carpet as guests of the media and newsmakers alongside inside-the-beltway ', 'Angelina Jolie," agreed Rainy.  Sofia Vergara  Tommy wrote that he thought People\'s boring," and argued that the " Modern Family " star, 40, would\'ve been a more exciting choice: " Sofia Vergara  should\'ve grabbed this one ', 'but it declined until it was cancelled in 2010. " Modern Family "  Sofia Vergara  plays Gloria, the Colombian and much younger wife to Ed O\'Neil\'s character in ABC\'s " Modern Family ." Vergara\'s accent, as well as her curves ', 'Sofia Vergara  wants to follow in the footsteps of her " Modern Family " character and become a mommy. The when she moved to Los Angeles. But as " Modern Family " fans know, it didn\'t exactly work ', 'this. Two-time emmy winner,  julie bowen  is with us. Big win on sunday night you should. Also celebrating, " modern family " big premiere, it\'s happening very important to you. Everybody,  julie bowen , when we', 'ended up going out to celebrate, as well you should. Also celebrating, " modern family " big premiere, it\'s happening on -- tonight. Tonight on abc. 9:00, 8:00 central. We\'re going to stick around and talk more to you. Talk about the dress. Talk about something else very important to you. Everybody, julie bowen , when we ', 'sexiest mom to the program.  Sofia vergara , " modern family ." Emmy-winning show returned too. Speaking of dancing,  julie bowen  on yesterday. You guys having going to have much more with  sofia vergara  when we', 'just took place here. Let\'s welcome tv\'s sexiest mom to the program. Sofia vergara , " modern family Emmy-winning show returned in top form last night. What a great episode. When gloria finally reveals that she is pregnant. Of course, ', "network called  modern family . Easily lose so madly at.  Ed O ' Neill  better known as shot the pilot  Julie Bowen  was pregnant with out you know.  modern family  is He marriages risk thank you to  modern family  for that was a ", "leading the way. As a -- half hour on this network called modern family . -- -- -- -- Easily lose this morning on sound stage high paying must garner. An insider's glimpse of what's working on ", "come -- like that's good to come out -- you know. -- modern family is He marriages compromise and a lot of gambling as surrender. That is really what I believe you just -- it didn't ", 'visit never have very really wanna run the risk thank you to modern family for -- that was a lot of fun. ', "Here's retreat right now sailor  Ed O ' Neill  Julie balance of fear of our guard Louisiana Ty Burrell the cast of  modern family  thank you guys so much for about they find out the voice use on  modern family  is your natural voice. They are ", "Eric stone street and -- report. Louisiana Ty Burrell the cast of modern family thank you guys so much for about. -- I'm having so much so much confusion -- this. Breakout hit of the year ", "there are people shocked when they find out the voice use on modern family is your natural voice. They are not good. I am shocked that I'm not able to use any other annoys me. I ", 'the abc hit show, " modern family ." Hilarious and gorgeous live in our studio,  sofia vergara , everyone. Nice to for a promotion for " modern family ." Julie took that lovely and talented  sofia vergara . and again, " modern', 'golden globe nominated actress. Star of the abc hit show, " modern family ." Hilarious and gorgeous, live in our studio, sofia vergara , everyone. Nice to see now. How are you? Great, great. Hello. Great. What a treat. How is it going? Very good, very ', 'will see you out THERE SEPTEMBER 23rd. Everybody, the lovely and talented sofia vergara . and again, " modern family " returns abc, wednesday, SEPTEMBER 26th. ', "Have you here really great premiere I am not here I mean he was in motion that Enhancement has right here. I mean easing. I don't think I can to means that. A perfect job and surpass activities that perfect for me. Were you shocked when you read this script that you or your character Gloria was", 'can\'t get you back in your shell. Exactly. The rest is history. It\'s paying off. You\'re doing so great on " modern family ." We\'re going to do a sneak peek of something from next week. Take a look. Manny, it\'s beautiful outside ', 'The rest is history. It\'s paying off. You\'re doing so great on " modern family ." We\'re going to do a sneak peek of something from next week. Take a look. Manny, it\'s beautiful outside. Go on and ']