['150 pairs of "kicks" (sneakers). 5. She loves the VH1  reality -TV show " Mob Wives ." 5. She loves the VH1  reality  show " Mob Wives ."', 'currently a cast member on the VH1  reality  show " Mob Wives  Chicago." Nearly four years after headlines about her father, but  reality , she noted, was a different story Dom Perignon when I was 5." The  reality  show has now provided her with ', "This Week's Best Quotes: 'I Am Sure Your Victory Will Be Great. Insanely Great.'", 'with an intensity that leaves crowds breathless, but in  reality , the 25-year-old singer said she is a shy person percent disapprove. "Jersey has been afflicted by Snookie,  mob wives , Jim McGreevey, and six-figure public pensions and sick-day ', 'is a part of yet another  reality  TV series about a cast is another addition to a  reality  TV world of "Cake Boss," " Mob Wives ," "Real Housewives of some Italians feel that  reality  shows like "Jersey Shore ', "Growing Up Gravano: Daughter of Gangster Sammy 'The Bull' Gravano Remembers Mob Perks", 'Karen Gravano  was 10 the first time other crime families.  Karen Gravano  now stars in the VH1  reality -TV show " Mob Wives " and has written a business overnight,"  Karen Gravano  said. "Gangsters love ', 'crimes are now  reality -TV stars brave," said  Karen Gravano , one of the VH1 series "  Mob Wives  ." "I think three others;  Renee Graziano , D\'rita D\'Avanzo and  Carla Facciolo , all single true to the  reality -TV form ', "When it comes to  reality  shows it probably doesn't get any more real. Then  mob wives  in fact some of the most biggest misconception about  mob wives . I think the biggest looking at a show called  mob wives  and I think we're a ", "When it comes to reality shows it probably doesn't get any more real. Then mob wives in fact some of the most raw and real moments of the show came last season. When urinate Graz -- -- found ", "Viewers VH one's  mob wives  know to expect some pretty high drama in every episode get physical. One day my daughter it's gonna watch  mob wives  they're not allowed to watch all it's when they well ", "Viewers -- VH one's mob wives know to expect some pretty high drama in every episode and this season has been no different. We've seen Renee had to ", "fight you don't get physical. One day my daughter it's gonna watch mob wives they're not allowed to watch all it's -- when they well so what supposed to to that they they -- how. Are ", "millions are tuning in to find out to new  reality  show following for women. With the alleged you know about the my The new VH one  reality  show mom wives follows the lives of four change. I'm coming home. There's  Karen gravano  daughter of legendary mafia informant ", "to the -- millions are tuning in to find out to new reality show following for women. With the alleged family ties to the mafia after their husbands and fathers were sent to present these women were left behind to pick up the pieces -- has the back story of the -- It. What do you know about the -- my -- The new VH one reality show mom wives follows the lives of four women as they struggle to keep their families together. Well -- husbands and fathers do hard time. End of violent split even the Desperate Housewives to change. I'm coming home. -- -- There's Karen gravano daughter of legendary mafia informant Sammy the bull -- months serving nineteen years in prison. -- -- because of my father is ", "Joining us now the stars a  mob wives Karen gravano  Seattle Carlo Fazio and the of hear you came in Atlanta the family business and now here you are on TV. A  reality  shows that care would. Let's let me just you know ", "Joining us now the stars a mob wives Karen gravano -- -- Seattle Carlo Fazio and -- the -- of -- -- hear you came -- in Atlanta studio is of the late what. Okay thank you for being here -- yeah getting this meaning out you don't get that you didn't talk about this. Did talk about the family business and now here you are on TV. A reality shows that care would. Let's let me just you know I think we're brave who think that -- We felt like bridges. ", "hair pulling and cat fights on  mob wives .  Karen gravano . You won't necessarily recognize the mafia. As raunchy as this  reality  TV show. Can't compete with the true  reality  of a young girl growing up Brevard ", "in the genuine lion's -- of the mafia. As raunchy as this reality TV show. Can't compete with the true reality of a young girl growing up Brevard. When your kid what is it that you thought you dad did for -- Construction. "]