['John Francis Daley is 28. Country singer Hannah Blaylock (Edens Edge) is 27. Country singer-ballroom dancer  Julianne Hough  is 25. Actress Billi Bruno is 17. Thought for Today: "The regret on our side is, they used to say years ago, we ', 'identified as supermodel Dominique Piek, 27. The "American Idol" host is coming off a March split from dancer-actress  Julianne Hough  and while the "Rock of Ages" star has been softening the blow by hanging with gal pals , Seacrest seems to be getting ', 'accuracy, precision and technique, and compared her to  Julianne Hough , a former "Dancing" pro who is now a recording told Pickler that she and her partner, Derek Hough ( Julianne Hough \'s brother), were "like a bright ray of sunshine ', "Spotted Around Town: Julianne Hough  on a 'Girls Weekend,' Bethenny Frankel Spinning-and More", '(Michael Buckner/Getty Images) Newly single  Julianne Hough  is sporting a new cropped look. The 24-year-old "Safe set for release later this year. RELATED: Ryan Seacrest,  Julianne Hough  Reportedly Break Up', 'Ryan Seacrest and his dancer-actress girlfriend  Julianne Hough  have reportedly ended their relationship. Citing to live apart, People magazine reported. WATCH:  Julianne Hough  Reveals Childhood Abuse In addition to being the longtime ', 'Safe Haven," in which he stars alongside  Julianne Hough , Duhamel told Popsugar.com that it\'s all you get to be creative," he said.  Julianne Hough  and Ryan Seacrest Unlike Duhamel,  Julianne Hough \'s boyfriend of more than two years ', 'to her daughter back at home. Amy Adams in Marchesa. Credit: Steve Granitz/Getty Images. 6:12 p.m. ET:  Julianne Hough  opted for a creepy crawly accessory - her earrings are made out of actual beetles. 6:02 p.m. ET: For Julia ', 'Actress  Julianne Hough  is speaking out about abuse she said she suffered as a child. "I was abused, mentally, physically, everything," the "Rock ', 'In the cover story of the February issue of Cosmopolitan magazine, actress, dancer and singer  Julianne Hough  says she was abused as a child in London while studying at a prestigious dance academy. Hough, originally from Utah where her ', "eight-time medalist won season 4 with pro partner  Julianne Hough  in 2007. Ohno's technique and enthusiasm scored quickstepping his way to the finish line with pro partner  Julianne Hough . The Indy 500 champion's fast feet and his high-octane ", "Breaking Dawn - Part 1 Nicole Scherzinger, Men In Black 3 Choice Movie Breakout Sam Claflin, Snow White & The Huntsman  Julianne Hough , Rock of Ages Joe Manganiello, What to Expect When You're Expecting Noomi Rapace, Prometheus Rihanna, Battleship ", 'Reporter: It\'s the rebound photo of  julianne hough  that is bound to make ryan seacrest a little jealous. The "dancing with the stars" alum tweeted this picture of herself frolicking ', 'Reporter: It\'s the rebound photo of julianne hough that is bound to make ryan seacrest a little jealous. The "dancing with the stars" alum tweeted this picture of herself frolicking ', 'leading lady. Now, in shocking, new interviews with "entertainment tonight" and "cosmo" magazine, actress  julianne hough  revealed how child abuse scarred her past. It sucked the life out of me. And the light about me was gone. Reporter ', 'Now, in shocking, new interviews with "entertainment tonight" and "cosmo" magazine, actress julianne hough revealed how child abuse scarred her past. It sucked the life out of me. And the light about me was gone. Reporter: ', 'It is the first live television appearance. And our summer concert series Julianne is here and of course you know as the time winner on Dancing With The Stars. Would she was there with is there with Apollo and now she steps into a new arena country music in fact she is right now number one. On the', "Just use your mom pants don't hear any noise. would want another dance floor. A rational misfortunes. Dancer  Julianne Hough  had emergency surgery and left the competition for a full two weeks and hang me at That's how she looked amazing ", "dance floor. A rational misfortunes. -- -- -- -- -- -- Dancer Julianne Hough had emergency surgery and left the competition for a full two weeks and hang me at -- -- That's how she looked ", "hour and 45 minutes of rehearsal day can take got some. I think we got our answer tonight. And joining is that is  Julianne Hough  who got up early of course Adam is doing his own radio morning show right now the nerve of him as though He can't ", 'I think we got our answer tonight. And joining is that is Julianne Hough who got up early of course Adam is doing his own radio morning show right now the nerve of him as though ']