["'Dancing With the Stars' Season 16, Week 9: Louis Van Amstel Blogs on Viewers' Choice", 'Hough\'s Argentine Tango. Without a doubt Kellie has the best legs of any celeb that has ever been on "DWTS," even  Nicole Scherzinger . It was a very classical, less is more Argentine tango with great lifts, especially the last two. I\'d love ', 'is also a hip-hop dancer, which could help her take home the trophy like it did for Pussycat Dolls singer  Nicole Scherzinger  on season 10. But the 16-year-old told "Good Morning America" that she doesn\'t think her dance skills will ', 'the most requested female celebrity look overall, beating out stars and models like Cheryl Cole, Myleene Klass,  Nicole Scherzinger  and Rosie Huntington-Whiteley, who rounded out the top five, respectively. "It\'s not surprising that Kate ', 'time in the audition room of Britain\'s "X Factor." Individually, the boys failed to advance. Then, judge  Nicole Scherzinger  made the genius suggestion that they form a band during the bootcamp stage of the competition. Styles gave them ', 'member of the Pussycat Dolls,  Nicole Scherzinger  appeared to be at the height in my life." READ MORE:  Nicole Scherzinger  Wins \'Dancing With the Stars sexy dance moves. READ MORE:  Nicole Scherzinger  Departs \'The X Factor ', "Breaking Dawn - Part 1 Lea Michele, New Year's Eve Nikki Reed, The Twilight Saga: Breaking Dawn - Part 1  Nicole Scherzinger , Men In Black 3 Choice Movie Breakout Sam Claflin, Snow White & The Huntsman Julianne Hough, Rock of Ages Joe ", 'quesadillas, enchiladas, a big tostada salad and nachos," she told Stylist magazine.  Nicole Scherzinger  Former "X Factor" judge  Nicole Scherzinger  returns to her Hawaiian roots to satisfy her cravings. "I love dried tuna dipped in soy ', 'quesadillas, enchiladas, a big tostada salad and nachos," she told Stylist magazine.  Nicole Scherzinger  Former "X Factor" judge  Nicole Scherzinger  returns to her Hawaiian roots to satisfy her cravings. "I love dried tuna dipped in soy ', 'quesadillas, enchiladas, a big tostada salad and nachos," she told Stylist magazine.  Nicole Scherzinger  Former "X Factor" judge  Nicole Scherzinger  returns to her Hawaiian roots to satisfy her cravings. "I love dried tuna dipped in soy ', 'TV and a huge audience?" The history of celebrity reality TV judges is rife with casualties. Ellen DeGeneres.  Nicole Scherzinger . Paula Abdul -- though her flubs at least made for good television. Given that, why would Spears and Lovato ', 'audience. The new panel will be dynamic and will work really well with the changes we are making to the show."  Nicole Scherzinger  and Paula Abdul previously served as judges on the show.', "Miley Cyrus are rumored to be in the running for the final vacant judge's' slot. Former judges Paula Abdul and  Nicole Scherzinger  were let go following the show's first season.", 'talking to Britney to do his American show. Absolutely true!" Cowell plans to have two different women replace  Nicole Scherzinger  and Paula Abdul on the panel but despite rumors, it appears as though Janet Jackson will not be one of them. Jackson ', 'the pussycat dolls into a worldwide pop sensation. But behind the millions of album sales and sold-out tours,  nicole scherzinger  says she was suffering from bulimia. Every time I had a second to be alone I was doing something to myself. Reporter ', 'pop sensation. But behind the millions of album sales and sold-out tours, nicole scherzinger says she was suffering from bulimia. Every time I had a second to be alone I was doing something to myself. Reporter: ', "wouldn't be the first time a show has shuffled its cast. Cheryl cole was cut before the show debuted. Paula abdul,  nicole scherzinger  cut. All after a season where ratings fell by double-digits from last year. I definitely think producers brought ", 'its cast. Cheryl cole was cut before the show debuted. Paula abdul, nicole scherzinger cut. All after a season where ratings fell by double-digits from last year. I definitely think producers brought britney on for the ']