['surrogate in their adopted hometown of  Nashville . According to People magazine where they come from," she said.  Connie Britton  Another Hollywood single mom,  Connie Britton  adopted son Eyob from Ethiopia ', 'these two major nominations for a pair of new series:  Connie Britton  as best actress on ABC\'s " Nashville ," and Anthony Bourdain on ABC\'s "The Taste" as outstanding ', 'bumped for new faces, Kerry Washington and Vera Farmiga.  Connie Britton , who\'s been nominated twice before for "Friday Night Lights" and "American Horror Story" scored a nom for " Nashville ." "Connie and Kerry are the new broadcast people ', 'include Vera Farmiga of "Bates Hotel"; Michelle Dockery of "Downtown Abbey;" Elisabeth Moss of "Mad Men";  Connie Britton  of " Nashville " and Kerry Washington of "Scandal." Claire Danes, last year\'s winner for "Homeland," got a nod. Besides ', 'Homeland," Showtime; Robin Wright, "House of Cards," Netflix; Elisabeth Moss, "Mad Men," AMC;  Connie Britton , " Nashville ," ABC; Kerry Washington, "Scandal," ABC. Supporting Actor, Drama Series: Bobby Cannavale, "Boardwalk ', 'Breaking Bad Dowton Abbey Game of Thrones Homeland House of Cards Mad Men Outstanding Lead Actress in a Drama Series  Connie Britton ,  Nashville  Claire Danes, Homeland Michelle Dockery, Downton Abbey Vera Farmiga, Bates Motel Elisabeth Moss, Mad Men ', 'in Los Angeles by the Academy of Television Arts and Sciences. The nominees announced Thursday morning are:  Connie Britton , " Nashville "; Claire Danes, "Homeland"; Michelle Dockery, "Downton Abbey"; Vera Farmiga, "Bates Motel"; Elisabeth ', 'House of Cards" "The big story will be if Kerry Washington breaks through," Wilson said. Similarly,  Connie Britton  from " Nashville " and Monica Potter from "Parenthood" have a chance at scoring a nod. Claire Danes, who won this category ', 'one held outside the state capitol Monday. Celebrity singer Natalie Maines, "Friday Night Lights" and " Nashville " actress  Connie Britton , actress Lisa Edelstein of "House" and Stephanie March of "Law & Order: SVU" have joined Planned Parenthood ', 'through a restrictive anti-abortion bill . Celebrity singer Natalie Maines, "Friday Night Lights" and " Nashville " actress  Connie Britton , actress Lisa Edelstein of "House" and Stephanie March of "Law & Order: SVU" have joined Planned Parenthood ', 'After  Connie Britton  adopted her son, Yoby, from Ethiopia in 2011, the " Nashville " star realized a dream career. "Going to do \' Nashville \' right after I just adopted supportive and people in  Nashville  have been so great ', 'play as he closed the performance with moves reminiscent of Jackson\'s classic "Billie Jean" routine. " Nashville \'s"  Hayden Panettiere  introduced Macklemore & Ryan Lewis singing "Thrift Shop" live from the Tryst nightclub at Wynn Las Vegas ', 'may have a reason to cheer: star  Connie Britton  says there\'s still hope for a Friday Night Lights" wrapped.  Connie Britton  Britton, 46, played the head role of ABC\'s musical drama " Nashville ," playing Rayna Jaymes, a renowned ', 'Now, we turn to  hayden panettiere . She\'s gone making trouble on " nashville ." And she\'s was talking to  connie britton . You do sing to say with  connie britton . She plays a can see her on " nashville ." Stay with ', 'Thank you, everybody. Now, we turn to hayden panettiere . She\'s gone from playing a cheerleader in "heroes" to a hit sensation making trouble on " nashville ." And she\'s here live to tell us about the big, new role. Congratulations. Thank you. What a fun show to be a part of. It is. It\'s so much fun. A dream come true. I recorded for years when I was younger. I always said that my heart lives with country music. I knew that. I read that you were asinger. What a great opportunity to put the pipes to use. Yeah. And one of the coolest people I\'ve ever met in my life. I was talking to connie britton . You do sing every song we hear on that show. Is there going to be an album? They\'re releasing a lot of ', "You are rivals, I think is an okay word, to say with connie britton . She plays a country music legend. And you, in this scene we're about to see, are interested in her band leader, played ", 'Damione Lewis homeland. And Kevin Spacey house of cards. The nominees for lead actress in a drama series are.  Connie Britton Nashville . Claire Danes homeland. Michelle Dockery Downton Abbey. Elisabeth Moss mad men. Washington scandal. And Robin ', 'of cards. The nominees for lead actress in a drama series are. Connie Britton Nashville . Claire Danes homeland. Michelle Dockery Downton Abbey. -- -- -- -- -- -- Elisabeth Moss mad men. -- Washington scandal. And Robin ', "by angie's list. And  clare bowen  is here this morning you're not really from  nashville . Where are you from originally taken straight from the  nashville  headlines. Somebody else It's a strip mall in  nashville . Not big in comparison ", "to you by angie's list. And clare bowen is here this morning. She is one of the hottest stars. Scarlet o'connor is the character. She's a waitress and aspiring artist who is taking on the biggest stars in town. It's a rough competition going on there. First, let me just say, when i hear you speak, you're not really from nashville . Where are you from originally? I'm from a very small town at the bottom of australia. Yeah. It's australia. It's a beautiful ", "news coming straight from the coach's wife's mouth.  Connie britton  who was in it before heading to  nashville . She said a script was written. Made no promises saying ", "the big screen. The news coming straight from the coach's wife's mouth. Connie britton who was in it before heading to nashville . She said a script was written. Made no promises saying they had no get everybody on board but as coach taylor always ", "exactly yes which I say.  Nashville  which is on the NC march about a country superstar  Connie Britton  who is middle aged me it's Dallas. Based in  Nashville . About the music business drama it's a drama.  Powers Boothe  who remember him from ", "ourselves that are doing really really well exactly yes which I say. Nashville which is on the NC march one of the biggest shows of the season everybody and about -- -- -- -- about it it's about a country superstar Connie Britton who is middle aged me. And she -- competition -- -- Kerry comes in. And really gives a run for the money it's it's Dallas. Based in Nashville . About the music business and that's a drama it's a drama. Powers Boothe who remember him from -- plays kind Britain's father who's conniving backstabbing guy. It's just has everything's -- is -- Down at ", 'That\'s where I met her.  Connie britton  is starring in one of shows of the season, " nashville ," here on She plays take her throne. And  connie britton  is with us. Welcome about the series, " nashville ," getting a lot of ', 'on "friday night lights." Also, "spin city." That\'s where I met her. Connie britton is starring in one of the hottest shows of the season, " nashville ," here on She plays a reigning country music queen, battling a new, young starlet trying to take her throne. And connie britton is with us. Welcome to "good morning america." Thank you. Great to be here. I want to congratulate you on motherhood and being a new mom. Your little boy\'s beautiful. Has it been almost a year? Not quite a year. It\'s been amazing. I know being a working mom. Yes. Doing it with a series, I\'m sure is taking up a lot of time. It\'s the greatest challenge of my life. But it\'s the greatest challenge of my life. It\'s amazing. It\'s wonderful. Let\'s talk about the series, " nashville ," getting a lot of buzz. Airing tonight, the premiere. Yeah. We\'re excited because I just think it\'s something that audiences haven\'t seen before. And the music is so great. The story telling is great. There\'s something in it for everybody. I hope audiences are going to love it. Were you a country music fan before? I have been. I\'m more of a music fan across the board. It\'s fun to immerse myself into that world. And nashville , it\'s not just country music anymore. Who knew? That\'s it. It\'s a little "dynasty." It\'s drama. Rock \'n\' roll. It\'s just a ', 'I know we\'ll all be watching tonight. With you playing rayna on " nashville ." It\'s tomorrow night? Wednesday night. I\'m thinking it\'s wednesday. I have two kids. Wednesday. It\'s wednesday, everybody. SET YOUR DVRs, OR WATCH LIVE. 10:00, 9:00 central, here on abc. " Nashville ." Connie britton , come back and see us soon. I will. Coming up, more stars. ']