['The cheerleader from "Heroes" is playing a ruthless young country singer in the new show.', 'Damione Lewis homeland. And Kevin Spacey house of cards. The nominees for lead actress in a drama series are.  Connie Britton Nashville . Claire Danes homeland. Michelle Dockery Downton Abbey. Elisabeth Moss mad men. Washington scandal. And Robin ', 'of cards. The nominees for lead actress in a drama series are. Connie Britton Nashville . Claire Danes homeland. Michelle Dockery Downton Abbey. -- -- -- -- -- -- Elisabeth Moss mad men. -- Washington scandal. And Robin ', "by angie's list. And  clare bowen  is here this morning you're not really from  nashville . Where are you from originally taken straight from the  nashville  headlines. Somebody else It's a strip mall in  nashville . Not big in comparison ", "to you by angie's list. And clare bowen is here this morning. She is one of the hottest stars. Scarlet o'connor is the character. She's a waitress and aspiring artist who is taking on the biggest stars in town. It's a rough competition going on there. First, let me just say, when i hear you speak, you're not really from nashville . Where are you from originally? I'm from a very small town at the bottom of australia. Yeah. It's australia. It's a beautiful ", "news coming straight from the coach's wife's mouth.  Connie britton  who was in it before heading to  nashville . She said a script was written. Made no promises saying ", "the big screen. The news coming straight from the coach's wife's mouth. Connie britton who was in it before heading to nashville . She said a script was written. Made no promises saying they had no get everybody on board but as coach taylor always ", "exactly yes which I say.  Nashville  which is on the NC march about a country superstar  Connie Britton  who is middle aged me it's Dallas. Based in  Nashville . About the music business drama it's a drama.  Powers Boothe  who remember him from ", "ourselves that are doing really really well exactly yes which I say. Nashville which is on the NC march one of the biggest shows of the season everybody and about -- -- -- -- about it it's about a country superstar Connie Britton who is middle aged me. And she -- competition -- -- Kerry comes in. And really gives a run for the money it's it's Dallas. Based in Nashville . About the music business and that's a drama it's a drama. Powers Boothe who remember him from -- plays kind Britain's father who's conniving backstabbing guy. It's just has everything's -- is -- Down at ", 'That\'s where I met her.  Connie britton  is starring in one of shows of the season, " nashville ," here on She plays take her throne. And  connie britton  is with us. Welcome about the series, " nashville ," getting a lot of ', 'on "friday night lights." Also, "spin city." That\'s where I met her. Connie britton is starring in one of the hottest shows of the season, " nashville ," here on She plays a reigning country music queen, battling a new, young starlet trying to take her throne. And connie britton is with us. Welcome to "good morning america." Thank you. Great to be here. I want to congratulate you on motherhood and being a new mom. Your little boy\'s beautiful. Has it been almost a year? Not quite a year. It\'s been amazing. I know being a working mom. Yes. Doing it with a series, I\'m sure is taking up a lot of time. It\'s the greatest challenge of my life. But it\'s the greatest challenge of my life. It\'s amazing. It\'s wonderful. Let\'s talk about the series, " nashville ," getting a lot of buzz. Airing tonight, the premiere. Yeah. We\'re excited because I just think it\'s something that audiences haven\'t seen before. And the music is so great. The story telling is great. There\'s something in it for everybody. I hope audiences are going to love it. Were you a country music fan before? I have been. I\'m more of a music fan across the board. It\'s fun to immerse myself into that world. And nashville , it\'s not just country music anymore. Who knew? That\'s it. It\'s a little "dynasty." It\'s drama. Rock \'n\' roll. It\'s just a ', 'I know we\'ll all be watching tonight. With you playing rayna on " nashville ." It\'s tomorrow night? Wednesday night. I\'m thinking it\'s wednesday. I have two kids. Wednesday. It\'s wednesday, everybody. SET YOUR DVRs, OR WATCH LIVE. 10:00, 9:00 central, here on abc. " Nashville ." Connie britton , come back and see us soon. I will. Coming up, more stars. ', 'been cast on abc\'s new show " nashville " and will have recuring roles appear in the third episode of " nashville ." They will play the daughters of  connie britton \'s character. They have recuring ', 'noticed. The little song birds have been cast on abc\'s new show " nashville " and will have recuring roles. But they have beautiful sounds. They\'re not what you would typically hear. And their little butter tubs. I want to give josh credit. And the harmony\'s perfect. They played for my birthday. It was great. Now, they\'ll have their people call your people because they\'re stars. \'Re going to appear in the third episode of " nashville ." They will play the daughters of connie britton\'s character. They have recuring roles. I think they\'re going to be just fine. That acting thing -- you can probably give them ', "and Jodie Foster all sparkle. Payton headed hearing  Connie Britton  co stars on ABC's hit in  Nashville . Look like they each get We did not like I did not yeah ", "and they Salma Hayek and Jodie Foster all sparkle. Payton headed hearing Connie Britton co stars on ABC's hit in Nashville . Look like they each get -- -- -- We did not like -- -- I did not yeah. Some kids who are "]