["President Obama is making an appearance on  Mythbusters . The show will give you a sneak peek of what he says he's basically trying to one of the theories. That a soldier this shields ", "President Obama is making an appearance on Mythbusters . The show will give you a sneak peek of what he says he's basically trying to -- -- one of the theories. ", "Done gone wrong on the popular cable show  Mythbusters . Guys were trying to measure the speed of a cannonball. What could have possibly gone wrong at the cook. This is something that's ", 'Done gone wrong on the popular cable show Mythbusters . Guys were trying to measure the speed of a cannonball. What could have possibly gone wrong at the cook. This is something ', 'Channel Titanic director James Cameron. Turned to the  Mythbusters  for help these thousands of fans think that I got it lived so. And this is what I want you guys to test the  Mythbusters  tried it first in a bathtub with. little Jack and rose ', "night on the Discovery Channel Titanic director James Cameron. Turned to the Mythbusters for help these thousands of fans think that I got it wrong and if they both could've been supported by the board that both could have lived so. And this is what I want you guys to test the Mythbusters tried it first in a bathtub with. -- little Jack and rose dolls and it doesn't look like they can stay afloat ", 'channel "titanic" director james cameron turned to the  mythbusters  for help. These thousands of fans think I got it wrong lived. This is what I want you to test. Reporter: The  mythbusters  tried it first in a bathtub with little jack and rose ', 'night on the discovery channel "titanic" director james cameron turned to the mythbusters for help. These thousands of fans think I got it wrong and both could have been supported by the board and lived. This is what I want you to test. Reporter: The mythbusters tried it first in a bathtub with little jack and rose dolls. Then tried it for real in the open water. Jack\'s ', 'Olympics athletes were born competitors today well they get a little extra help Jeffrey Kaufmann ABC news. Monday well the  Mythbusters  are back at tonight shattering one more widely held belief. Did you ever hear of the so called 52 rule if you drop food ', 'get a little extra help Jeffrey Kaufmann ABC news. Monday well the Mythbusters are back at -- tonight shattering one more widely held belief. Did you ever hear of the so called 52 rule if ', 'arrest in share after fleeing Libya. Absolutely incredible that nobody was hurt in a stunt gone wrong. On the cable show  Mythbusters  listen to this to for trying to measure the speed of a cannon ball. When that happens. Now that hole made by cannonball ', 'nobody was hurt in a stunt gone wrong. On the cable show Mythbusters listen to this to -- for trying to measure the speed of a cannon ball. When that happens. Now that hole made ', 'just here. The notion that the fire requires any special state has been repeatedly empty bottles even on the TV show  Mythbusters . has some really results turns out these calls are not good conductors of heat and if you walk fast enough you will ', '-- state has been repeatedly empty bottles even on the TV show Mythbusters . -- has some really -- results turns out these calls are not good conductors of heat and if you walk fast enough ', 'The  Mythbusters  team has already tried the challenge President Obama is proposing twice sun were not nearly Practical standpoint this man is a 100% busted the  Mythbusters  were even unsuccessful using flaming arrows and Compton ABC news the White ', "The Mythbusters team has already tried the challenge President Obama is proposing twice. And I can't Elizabeth vilified the enemy isn't really fire the Discovery Channel -- try to settle on wooden ship on fire as a legend claims -- street genius Archimedes did. But the rays of the sun were not nearly -- -- Practical standpoint this man is a 100% busted the Mythbusters were even unsuccessful using flaming arrows and Compton ABC news the White House. ", "spontaneously. Detonated injuring three firefighters. It's easier than you might think to make one on discovery channel's  Mythbusters  a small packed with explosives blew his head off great to. But. On YouTube there are dozens of less destructive related ", "It's easier than you might think to make one on discovery channel's Mythbusters a small -- packed with explosives blew his -- head off great to. But. On YouTube there are dozens of less destructive ", "that you could cook an with a cellphone none of it proven but if you do call our phone will ring on TV time. Fearless  Mythbusters  where care. Flash be the first to know what's coming up on Good Morning America tomorrow with the GMA slash email ", "if you do call our phone will ring on TV time. Fearless Mythbusters where care. Flash be the first to know what's coming up on Good Morning America tomorrow with the GMA -- slash email. ", "And I just can't stop smiling  Mythbusters . Americans spend millions each year. In pursuit of the perfect. Pearly whites emphasis on the life but all of those teeth whitening ", "And I just can't stop smiling Mythbusters . Americans spend millions each year. In pursuit of the perfect. Pearly whites emphasis on the life but -- all of those teeth "]