['plans to start with a clean slate, giving even original judge Randy Jackson the boot as well as longtime producer  Nigel Lythgoe . The report goes on to add that, despite other media reports, former judge Jennifer Lopez will not be back to save ', 'advantage: he served alongside Jimmy Iovine as a mentor to the contestants last season. Charlie Sheen Executive producer  Nigel Lythgoe  told gossip website TMZ that he liked to see Charlie Sheen and funnyman Jerry Lewis on the panel next season. Lythgoe ', '" American Idol " wants to keep on winning, which might explain why executive producer  Nigel Lythgoe  is reportedly considering adding the "winning" actor Charlie Sheen to the judge\'s panel next season. Lythgoe told gossip website ', 'a peek at Salt Lake City\'s celebrated Ballet West, and Ovation\'s "A Chance to Dance," from dance impresario  Nigel Lythgoe  and his son, Simon. "Bunhead" premieres June 11 on ABC Family. \'Dallas\' It\'s back to Southfork, but this time ', 'to consider. She also has a summer tour with Enrique Iglesias on the horizon. "American Idol" executive producer  Nigel Lythgoe  is keeping his fingers crossed that J-Lo will commit to another season of the show. He told TMZ.com , "We want ', 'the information that led to Jones\' elimination. Jermaine Jones\' Tuesday afternoon meeting with "Idol" producers  Nigel Lythgoe  and Ken Warwick was shown later in the show. They listed two separate incidents from last year in which Jones was ', 'American Idol" and "The Voice" all compete in some kind of "super-final." "Idol" executive producer  Nigel Lythgoe  has poo-pooed the idea, and so has "Voice" coach Adam Levine, and Cowell isn\'t happy about it. "I was very ', 'from Connecticut is an Idol super-fan. She walked in to the audition room and actually asked to give Idol producer  Nigel Lythgoe  a hug. She tried out singing Maroon 5\'s "Sunday Morning," and it was enough to really impress the judges. Steven ', 'and Television Arts dinner in Los Angeles. "I\'ve had a lot of personal people call and be my best friend," said  Nigel Lythgoe , chairman of the academy\'s Los Angeles chapter. "I\'ve had to explain how it works, there\'s no tickets ', 'and Television Arts dinner in Los Angeles. "I\'ve had a lot of personal people call and be my best friend," said  Nigel Lythgoe , chairman of the academy\'s Los Angeles chapter. "I\'ve had to explain how it works, there\'s no tickets ', "Reports Claim Jennifer Lopez Will Join Steven Tyler, Randy Jackson as an 'American Idol' Judge", 'Television Critics Association executive session in Beverly Hills on Aug. 2. Rice presumably is referring also to  Nigel Lythgoe , the show\'s original producer, who left to create "So You Think You Can Dance." It\'s been rumored that he ']