['finalists and their partners - Kellie Pickler, Derek Hough, Zendaya Coleman, Val Chmerkovskiy, Jacoby Jones,  Karina Smirnoff , Aly Raisman and Mark Ballas - gave "GMA" the inside scoop on everything that really went on behind the scenes ', 'trainings that I\'ve had, I\'ve never had a woman pushed me like she did," he said jokingly of his pro partner  Karina Smirnoff , who was standing next to him. RELATED: Who Did Louis Van Amstel Pick to Win the Mirror Ball Trophy? The season ', "'Dancing With the Stars' Season 16, Week 10: Louis Van Amstel Blogs on Final Week", 'and Derek Hough: 30, 4, 30. Total: 64 Aly Raisman and Mark Ballas: 28, 3, 30. Total: 61 Jacoby Jones and  Karina Smirnoff : 27, 2, 27. Total: 56 So, if you judge it on freestyle alone, Kellie will take away the Mirror Ball trophy ', 'grand total) Zendaya and Val Chmerkovskiy: 30, 5, 30. Total: 65 Kellie Pickler and Derek Hough: 30, 4, 30. Total: 64 Aly Raisman and Mark Ballas: 28, 3, 30. Total: 61 Jacoby Jones and  Karina Smirnoff : 27, 2, 27. Total: 56', "'Dancing With the Stars' Season 16, Week 9: Louis Van Amstel Blogs on Viewers' Choice", "Great scores! Jacoby Jones and  Karina Smirnoff 's Argentine Tango . I loved 10 for Aly. Jacoby Jones and  Karina Smirnoff 's Lindy Hop . Cute opening Total: 59/60 Jacoby Jones and  Karina Smirnoff : 30, 29. Total: 59 Kellie ", "'Dancing With the Stars': Jacoby Jones, Aly Raisman Tie for Lead in Week 9 Semifinals", 'frustrated during rehearsals, and his pro partner,  Karina Smirnoff , suffered a jaw injury during practice, but when Ballas: 30, 29. Total: 59/60 Jacoby Jones and  Karina Smirnoff : 30, 29. Total: 59 Kellie Pickler and Derek Hough ', 'The show must go on for  Karina Smirnoff  and Jacoby Jones. Despite injuring herself in practice on Sunday, the "Dancing With the Stars" pro tweeted today: "I did ', "'Dancing With the Stars' Season 16, Week 8: Louis Van Amstel, Anna Trebunskaya Blog on Trio Dances", "full recap of Week 8's dances. Jacoby Jones and  Karina Smirnoff 's Viennese Waltz Louis: For having no dance experience Derek Hough: 28; 27: Total: 55 Jacoby Jones and  Karina Smirnoff : 27, 25: Total: 52 Ingo Rademacher and Kym Johnson ", 'earned 21 points. Jacoby Jones: Jones, his partner,  Karina Smirnoff , and pro Cheryl Burke, performed a paso doble that Derek Hough: 28; 27: Total: 55 Jacoby Jones and  Karina Smirnoff : 27, 25: Total: 52 Ingo Rademacher and Kym Johnson ', "'Dancing With the Stars' Season 16, Week 7: Louis Van Amstel Blogs on Latin Night", 'night on "Dancing With the Stars." Jacoby Jones and  Karina Smirnoff  Salsa . This Salsa was so fast I commend Jacoby for cannot be eliminated on Tuesday) Jacoby Jones and  Karina Smirnoff : 27 Ingo Rademacher and Kym Johnson: 22, 3: 25 ', "'Dancing With the Stars' Week 7: Raisman Soars to the Top on Latin Night, Pickler Gets Immunity", 'Kellie Pickler and Derek Hough: 29 (Pickler won immunity, and cannot be eliminated on Tuesday) Jacoby Jones and  Karina Smirnoff : 27 Ingo Rademacher and Kym Johnson: 22, 3: 25 Sean Lowe and Peta Murgatroyd: 24 Andy Dick and Sharna Burgess ', 'TV cast went out together after a long day on set. "Dancing With the Stars" mainstays Brooke Burke-Charvet,  Karina Smirnoff , Tom Bergeron and Maksim Chmerkovsky joined Victor Ortiz, Ralph Macchio, ALy Raisman and Jacoby Jones for dinner ', ". We have been waiting for it all morning long. They are the hottest on the dance floor,  karina smirnoff  and maksim chmerkovskiy. It's alberto, santa rosa, vocalist will help us with this. What we're talking about a return to ", "it all morning long. They are the hottest on the dance floor, karina smirnoff and maksim chmerkovskiy. It's alberto, santa rosa, vocalist will help us with this. What we're talking about a return to broadway of ", 'The "Dancing with the Stars" pro sustains neck and face injuries during rehearsal with Jacoby Jones.', 'Having fun with apolo ohno and  karina smirnoff . "Dancing with the stars" is back. You will be partners. Going for the mirrorball trophy again. Will you be ready? We\'ll ', 'Having fun with apolo ohno and karina smirnoff . "Dancing with the stars" is back. You will be partners. Going for the mirrorball trophy again. Will you be ready? We\'ll be ', 'Derek Hough, Mark Ballas, Val Chmerkovskiy and  Karina Smirnoff  face off in "Two to Tango."', 'competition right now is, apolo and karina. Emmitt and cheryl. And they are all up early this morning. Apolo ohno,  karina smirnoff , emmitt sm emmitt smith and cheryl burke. Apolo, you went out on a high, after a perfect score. We did. We were ', 'and cheryl. And they are all up early this morning. Apolo ohno, karina smirnoff , emmitt sm emmitt smith and cheryl burke. Apolo, you went out on a high, after a perfect score. We did. We were ']