['THE OFFICE," AND " PARKS AND RECREATION ." NOW, SHE IS BREAKING FOREVER." IT IS  RASHIDA JONES . IT IS LAUGH OUT YOU SEE THIS LADY?  AMY POEHLER . BRILLIANT. ONE I\'M GOING BACK TO " PARKS AND RECREATION ." WITH YOUR BRILLIANT ', "FIRST WORD THAT COMES TO YOUR MIND WHEN YOU SEE THIS LADY? AMY POEHLER . BRILLIANT. ONE WORD FOR THIS GUY. STEVE CARELL? THE BEST. THAT'S TWO WORDS. GENIUS. THIS IS GOING TO BE A TOUGH ONE ", 'about an historic first this week.  Amy poehler  and tina fey, named co-hosts of the young girls live a big, brave life.  Amy poehler  is our "person of the week" and she questions when you\'re 40. Reporter:  Amy poehler  knows how to make people laugh. Really ', 'And finally tonight, we told you about an historic first this week. Amy poehler and tina fey, named co-hosts of the golden globes. The first time two women will do the honors. But you should know, poehler is already handing out something pretty golden. Really smart advice to help young girls live a big, brave life. Amy poehler is our "person of the week" and she sat down with abc\'s david wright. Am I enough? Do I fit in? You still ask those questions when you\'re 40. Reporter: Amy poehler knows how to make people laugh. Really congress? You held a congressional committee on preproductive rights and you didn\'t invite any women? ', "life will unfold the way it's supposed to. And so, we choose, amy poehler . Chef says there's power in looking silly and not caring what you do. ", "Rob Lowe's  Role as Drew Peterson on 'Lifetime': Actor Discusses New Role, Career on 'GMA'", "Drew Peterson untouchable when  Rob Lowe . Ticks are on the title transforms has the world for two sentries  Rob Lowe  has done at all in his career but unlike what I do every week and  parks and recreation  or the Westwood this stuff it's ", "of a new lifetime original movie it's called Drew Peterson untouchable when Rob Lowe . Ticks are on the title -- transforms himself. Into the former police Sargent complete with a mustache of popular and all that would talk to rob in just a moment always lovely to have you here in the audience with -- -- in studio with us. Ballistic a look at first of his journey that brought into this role. From brat -- bad boy. -- west wing insider this country is an idea. Someone has -- the world for two sentries Rob Lowe has done at all in his career but now he's taking a very different turn going from this. To this. Playing the ", 'Adventures of Old Christine Edie Falco of nurse Jackie.  Amy Poehler  of  parks and recreation  Tina from 30 Rock. And Toni Collette. Of the united happened here is they both tonight shows that are twice  NBC  under the Jay Leno version and then Conan himself ', 'of the New Adventures of Old Christine Edie Falco of nurse Jackie. Amy Poehler of parks and recreation Tina -- from 30 Rock. And Toni Collette. Of the united states of -- The -- one to me here is Edie ', 'what, taylor swift, you stay away from michael j. Fox\'s son. Reporter: Stealing the show. Amy poerl, " parks and recreation ." Reporter: And adele taking home the globe for skyfall. We saw you give daniel craig a high five. He\'s so ', 'away from michael j. Fox\'s son. Reporter: Stealing the show. Amy poerl, " parks and recreation ." Reporter: And adele taking home the globe for skyfall. We saw you give daniel craig a high five. He\'s so nice. Reporter: ', "actually been up here on November 15 episode up.  Parks and recreation  that there really funny with death.  Amy Poehler  Saturday Night Live they wouldn't tell her character ", "role here he's actually been up here on November 15 episode up. Parks and recreation that there really funny -- with death. Amy Poehler Saturday Night Live they wouldn't tell her character was a councilwoman in the show has a huge crush on the vice president. ", 'going to be doing this morning. You were called in the middle of the night. What happened? I guess  nick offerman , on " parks and recreation " was supposed to be here. They said he had a travel problem of some kind. That usually means drugs ', 'were called in the middle of the night. What happened? I guess nick offerman , on " parks and recreation was supposed to be here. They said he had a travel problem of some kind. That usually means drugs. What about your ', 'of times so my money is definitely on. Modern family even know where Oscar pulls the long shot would be  parks and recreation  with  Amy Poehler  who of course is. Absolutely hilarious and I am in modern family every major adult actor has gotten an ', 'Modern family even know where Oscar pulls the long shot would be parks and recreation with Amy Poehler who of course is. Absolutely hilarious and I am in modern family every major adult actor has gotten an Emmy nomination this. ', 'might in my. Martha Plimpton raising hole. And  Amy Poehler parks and recreation . Change. Think that befell pat pat pat pat Big Bang theory. Modern family. The office.  Parks and recreation . And thirty Iraq. Miller says the academy congratulates ', 'McCarthy might in my. -- -- Martha Plimpton raising -- hole. And Amy Poehler parks and recreation Change. Think that befell pat pat pat pat and keep it together. Hope I have the nominees for lead actor -- -- ', "have even told a couple people. I've gotten a couple videos of congratulations including this one from start  NBC 's  parks and recreation . Are He Greg Ryan congratulations on here. And million dollars. Maybe. Now that your money can buy news ", "I've gotten a couple videos of congratulations including this one from start NBC's parks and recreation . Are -- He Greg Ryan congratulations on here. And -- million dollars. Maybe. Now that your money can buy -- -- -- "]