["from America's favorite judge means it's turn to be the critic. Straight up now tell me. How much do you love  Paula Abdul  I'm Christy in New York. A portion of massaging the broken egos American Idol hopefuls wasn't up and coming artist ", "the critic. Straight up now tell me. How much do you love Paula Abdul I'm Christy -- -- in New York. A portion of massaging the broken egos American Idol hopefuls -- wasn't up and coming ", 'Good morning  Paula Abdul  life. Everybody. She can hear that the telephone what are you look important improvement. How about a lot of you coming and ', 'Good morning Paula Abdul life. Everybody. She can hear that the telephone what are you look important improvement. How about a lot of you coming and ', "of firsts on the dance floor.  Paula abdul  joined the judge's table. And tens of the season. Grammy winner  paula abdul  is known just as much for her charm having me. Let's talk about  paula abdul  first. How did she do? The judge ", 'stars" time now. After a night of firsts on the dance floor. Paula abdul joined the judge\'s table. And we saw the first tens of the season. Grammy winner paula abdul is known just as much for her charm. I have a sexy little -- Reporter: As her singing and dancing. The footwork ', "from l.A. Good morning. Thank you for having me. Let's talk about paula abdul first. How did she do? The judge? Miss paula abdul is amazing. I got a chance to speak to her before the show. She's just a natural. She knows what she's doing. ", 'Celebrity judge discusses her time on hit ABC show, which includes an upcoming performance.', "Michael Bolton wants it. It is to have you may be cord his tour but He needs to know something are you the same rowdy  Paula Abdul  used to babysit. I keep getting back up at. Julie not don't know I think sitting up at an. My sister and I went ", "tour but He needs to know something are you the same rowdy Paula Abdul -- used to babysit. I keep getting back up at. Julie -- not don't know I think sitting up at an. My ", 'You had a big night. Yes  Paula Abdul  is not just on our show yesterday but also on your radio show yeah  Paula Abdul  began to talk about this when she was on with this yesterday in ', 'You had a big night. Yes Paula Abdul is not just on our show yesterday but also on your radio show yeah Paula Abdul began to talk about this when she was on with this yesterday in the view. About the fact that the woman who ', "Made news in the world music and he's music  Paula Abdul  returning to use sort of a music tryout shows you. Famous on American Idol she now been cast as one of the judges on Simon tells ", "Made news in the world music and he's music -- -- Paula Abdul returning to use sort of a music tryout shows you. Famous on American Idol she -- now been cast as one of ", "Paul Bill has a new job which has to be depressing if you're among the unemployed right. All until the judge executive producer creative partner. Mentor. Coach and yes lover on a new show called got to dance for CBS. Finally a dance competition show. On television. And I tell you what this what has", "So Asian contract and you up is your content on idol that this sent him this is my last season under contract. Could she would play issue. I don't think anyone. I thought cast that I I I would can never replace you and I said. I went and whenever there's change or anything about replacing anybody", 'inspired by American Idol judge  Paula Abdul . I daylight Villa. City nightclub stock price. She did not harassed  Paula Abdul  she lets it make it our. Goodspeed American Idol they declined comment.  Paula Abdul  did issue a statement saying she ', "Goodspeed told interviewers her unusual style was inspired by American Idol judge Paula Abdul . I daylight -- Villa. City nightclub. I'm meg really big fan and I make life sized drawings of Paula having drying -- ", 'crazed stalker Paula are not the stock price. She did not harassed Paula Abdul she lets it make it our. Goodspeed had blonde about her American Idol experience saying she had a secret crush on Paula. ', 'reach out to fox entertainment which airs American Idol they declined comment. Paula Abdul did issue a statement saying she was shocked and saddened by this event and that her prayers go out to Goodspeed spam ', 'Good morning  Paula Abdul  yeah. Everybody. If she can here at the telephone what are important Germany accessories such a big fun job. Former day hungry and wonderful  Paula Abdul  thanks so much for joining us this morning. You got it they feel ', 'Good morning Paula Abdul -- yeah. Everybody. If she can here at the telephone what are -- important improvement. How about a lot of you become ', 'Germany accessories such a big fun job. Former day hungry and wonderful Paula Abdul thanks so much for joining us this morning. You got it they feel. ', "by the way who posted. One of my favorite photos. In in years gone by. subcommittee I mean yeah very very eighties  Paula Abdul  that seriously. It's very odd guy out is how did you skyline. Now tell me straight up no deleterious do you remember ", "years gone by. -- -- subcommittee I mean yeah very very eighties Paula Abdul that seriously. It's very odd guy out is how did you skyline. Now tell me straight up no deleterious do you remember ", "home. Now you of course where on season seven of American Idol and you with the original judges panel Simon Cowell  Paula Abdul  Randy Jackson what the changes. And it happened to the show since then. You know it's on the MB Same as the regional ", "American Idol and you -- with the original judges panel Simon Cowell Paula Abdul Randy Jackson what -- -- the changes. And it happened to the show since then. You know it's on the -- MB "]