['Real or fake? "Hairy leg" stockings appeared on China\'s Sina Weibo microblogging site as a suggested way to fend off perverts.', "Many don't believe the stockings are real since they can't be found for purchase", 'Editor\'s note: Each week in "Apparently This Matters," CNN\'s Jarrett Bellini applies his warped sensibilities to trending topics in social media and random items of interest on the Web.', '(CNN) -- One day, a rather inconsiderate caveman turned to his cavewoman and said, "You know, Diane, you should really think about shaving your legs."', 'Having yet to successfully create fire or invent the wheel, caveman Kevin was, all in all, sort of a lousy cave-husband. And, quite frankly, Diane was tired of being told what to do by a naked man who spent most of his time playing Golden Tee in a cave with his friends.', '"Apparently This Matters" Is Jarrett Bellini\'s weekly (and somewhat random) look at social-media trends.', 'So she kept her legs just as they were. And nothing changed until around the 1940s. Which was a considerably long time.', 'Caveman Kevin never got to see his dream come true. Though he did finally ace the par-three eighth at Coconut Beach.', "Obviously, there's no singular moment in history when Western women decided to start shaving their legs, but it was around the time of World War II when it sort of became a popular practice in America. And, consequently, it was about that same time when many Western men collectively decided that the presence of female leg hair was pretty much the worst thing in the entire world. Save for Nazis.", "Of course, not every woman does it, not every woman should, and some women simply don't even need to. Nevertheless, the desire for smooth feminine legs spread throughout many places in the world.", 'Which is why one particular hairy legged image went insanely viral this week after it was posted on the Chinese microblogging site Sina Weibo.', "It wasn't just that these legs were cartoonishly covered in such a forest of grizzly scruff that Robin Williams' arms sent them a formal letter of surrender.", 'It was the suggestion that these may have actually been hairy stockings for women, designed with the purpose of scaring away drooly men with lurking eyes.', "The Chinese trend-watching site ChinaSMACK translated the picture's caption as: Super sexy, summertime anti-pervert full-leg-of-hair stockings, essential for all young girls going out.", 'Just like the other millions of people who saw this, I immediately searched all over the Web for any site where the stockings might be sold, and came up with nothing. Which was unfortunate, because, to the right buyer, they could make for a really funny bank robbery.', 'My gut (and all seven of my functioning brain cells) tells me no, but my heart wants to say yes. I simply need to believe that something this ridiculous might actually exist, for it confirms my longstanding suspicion that when it comes to good ideas, the world sort of topped out at the football phone.', 'However, if you look closely at the image, the leg hair just seems far too natural to be synthetic. But, then again, there IS a fairly defined cutoff at the ankle, which suggests that maybe -- just maybe -- these are truly some form of leggings.', "I still don't think that's what they are, but, for the sake of argument, let's just assume we're dealing with an actual product. Thus, we have to ask: Who would buy them?", "Well, as the ChinaSMACK caption translation suggests, the supposed stockings are for any girl who wants to go out and not be bothered by ogling men. Or, perhaps, they're just for any girl who hopes to be courted by a gorilla.", 'Still, for those really wanting to avoid the low wandering eyes of dudes on the street, one has to wonder whether this is really a better solution than, say, pants. Or a dress. Or a one-piece black leather Catwoman suit.', "Of course, many women simply don't want to fully cover up during the summer heat. Nevertheless, hairy leg stockings are still sort of an extreme measure. And, on top of that, you also dangerously risk attracting that super-creeper one who's very particular and absolutely lives for this sort of thing.", "That's probably the guy you want to avoid in the first place -- the hairy-leg-loving mouth breather who rides the bus all day.", "At home I drink from the tap. Not so much because I particularly love the taste, but because the automatic water dispenser on my fridge doesn't work.", "Children of the '80s and '90s fondly remember a time when MTV actually played music videos. ", "I've always found amusement parks very unamusing, for it's hard to justify standing in a hot, 40-minute roller-coaster line so I can promptly lose my car keys and barf up a churro. ", 'One day, a rather inconsiderate caveman turned to his cavewoman and said, "You know, Diane, you should really think about shaving your legs."', 'George Carlin once said, "I don\'t automatically wash my hands every time I go to the bathroom. You know when I wash my hands? When I s**t on them." ', "A lot of people don't know this, but for every 30 minutes of legitimate work, all employees must be allowed one full hour of Internet cat videos.", "I've been camping countless times in the forest -- as one does -- and without fail, there's always plenty of wood just lying around.", 'There\'s a great song by Todd Snider called "The Ballad of The Kingsmen." In it, he sings, "Marilyn Manson gets a lot of chicks. They\'re weird chicks. But they\'re chicks."', "In my bedroom there's an amazing wall-mounted hideaway ironing board. It even has an affixed light and timed electrical outlet for safety. The thing is absolutely brilliant.", '"Wow! I totally just watched the awesome cell phone video you shot at that concert!"', 'Abraham Lincoln once said, "In life, what counts is the size of a man\'s heart, not the size of his disproportionate willie."', 'Sometimes pet tortoises vanish for 30 years and end up in a box of records. Still alive. Or they live with San Francisco 49ers quarterbacks.']