['Aubrey Plaza  had to overcome a few fears in the R-rated comedy "The To Do List every day of my life. Every moment of life is full of fear," the " Parks and Recreation " star said in her usual deadpan manner. "But you know when I was ', 'Aubrey Plaza  had to overcome a few fears in the R-rated comedy "The To Do List every day of my life. Every moment of life is full of fear," the " Parks and Recreation " star said in her usual deadpan manner. "But you know when I was ', 'channel and is getting a sequel on  NBC . Hot British actor Benedict Cumberbatch Edie Falco for "Nurse Jackie";  Amy Poehler  for " Parks and Recreation " and Julia Louis-Dreyfus nominations, followed by CBS and  NBC  with 53 each, ABC with 45, Showtime ', 'Family," ABC; "30 Rock,"  NBC ; "Veep," HBO. Miniseries Alec Baldwin, "30 Rock,"  NBC . Actress, Comedy Series: Laura Nurse Jackie," Showtime;  Amy Poehler , " Parks and Recreation ,"  NBC ; Tina Fey, "30 Rock,"  NBC', 'Rock Lena Dunham, Girls Julia Louis-Dreyfus, Veep Laura Dern, Enlightened Edie Falco, Nurse Jackie  Amy Poehler ,  Parks and Recreation  Outstanding Lead Actor in a Comedy Series Alec Baldwin, 30 Rock Jason Bateman, Arrested Development Louis ', 'location. Mara had been scheduled to present the awards with Aaron Paul of "Breaking Bad." Last year,  Nick Offerman  of " Parks and Recreation " was unable to co-host with Kerry Washington of "Scandal" because of travel delays and Jimmy Kimmel ', 'Louis-Dreyfus, "Veep"; Tina Fey, "30 Rock"; Zooey Deschanel, "New Girl"; Lena Dunham, "Girls";  Amy Poehler , " Parks and Recreation "; Laura Dern, "Enlightened" "If I was betting, I would say Julia Louis-Dreyfus," Wilson said ', 'Twitter) Anna Faris is one lucky woman! Husband  Chris Pratt  is getting absolutely ripped for his upcoming film he cut back on drinking to make it happen. The " Parks and Recreation " star took to Instagram this weekend to show off ', 'to become more sexually experienced and makes up a list of things to accomplish. The movie stars " Parks and Recreation " actress  Aubrey Plaza  and opens in August. Newsom is also a harpist. She has released three albums, her most recent being ', 'listen," Rock said. "And when you don\'t it usually bites you in the ass later on." Actor  Adam Scott  from the TV show " Parks and Recreation " said if Congress does not act in the wake of the Sandy Hook massacre it shows that the country ', 'most best commercial lists of Super Bowl 2013 , but  Amy Poehler \'s Best Buy ad, in which she walks through the store That means you can stream the latest episodes of " Parks and Recreation " via Hulu Plus on the TV or watch "Mean Girls ', "Downwardly Mobile . Henry Pollard ( Adam Scott ) and Casey Klein (Lizzy Caplan tear! But we must insist that  Adam Scott  and Lizzy Caplan reunite on have Lizzy Caplan appear on  Parks and Recreation  as  Adam Scott 's possessive twin sister ", 'inside, I saw  Rob Lowe ." Lowe episode of his  NBC  sitcom "  Parks and Recreation  ," which also stars  Amy Poehler , who did assisted the " Parks and Rec " crew while Biden\'s \' Parks and Rec \' Cameo According chatting with  Rob Lowe . We have ', 'Rob Lowe  has done it Paul. Captured hearts in Dallas fire and the outsiders Austin Powers and Tommy Boy and of course later on the west wing of  parks and recreation . But now rob has a new project that is very close to his heart. Wildlife ', 'Rob Lowe has done it Paul. Captured hearts in -- Dallas fire and the outsiders. Made us laugh and Austin Powers and Tommy Boy and of course later on the west wing of parks and recreation . But now rob has a new project that is very close to his heart. Wildlife rescue is here to tell us -- ', 'THE OFFICE," AND " PARKS AND RECREATION ." NOW, SHE IS BREAKING FOREVER." IT IS  RASHIDA JONES . IT IS LAUGH OUT YOU SEE THIS LADY?  AMY POEHLER . BRILLIANT. ONE I\'M GOING BACK TO " PARKS AND RECREATION ." WITH YOUR BRILLIANT ', "FIRST WORD THAT COMES TO YOUR MIND WHEN YOU SEE THIS LADY? AMY POEHLER . BRILLIANT. ONE WORD FOR THIS GUY. STEVE CARELL? THE BEST. THAT'S TWO WORDS. GENIUS. THIS IS GOING TO BE A TOUGH ONE ", 'about an historic first this week.  Amy poehler  and tina fey, named co-hosts of the young girls live a big, brave life.  Amy poehler  is our "person of the week" and she questions when you\'re 40. Reporter:  Amy poehler  knows how to make people laugh. Really ', 'And finally tonight, we told you about an historic first this week. Amy poehler and tina fey, named co-hosts of the golden globes. The first time two women will do the honors. But you should know, poehler is already handing out something pretty golden. Really smart advice to help young girls live a big, brave life. Amy poehler is our "person of the week" and she sat down with abc\'s david wright. Am I enough? Do I fit in? You still ask those questions when you\'re 40. Reporter: Amy poehler knows how to make people laugh. Really congress? You held a congressional committee on preproductive rights and you didn\'t invite any women? ', "life will unfold the way it's supposed to. And so, we choose, amy poehler . Chef says there's power in looking silly and not caring what you do. ", "Rob Lowe's  Role as Drew Peterson on 'Lifetime': Actor Discusses New Role, Career on 'GMA'", "Drew Peterson untouchable when  Rob Lowe . Ticks are on the title transforms has the world for two sentries  Rob Lowe  has done at all in his career but unlike what I do every week and  parks and recreation  or the Westwood this stuff it's ", "of a new lifetime original movie it's called Drew Peterson untouchable when Rob Lowe . Ticks are on the title -- transforms himself. Into the former police Sargent complete with a mustache of popular and all that would talk to rob in just a moment always lovely to have you here in the audience with -- -- in studio with us. Ballistic a look at first of his journey that brought into this role. From brat -- bad boy. -- west wing insider this country is an idea. Someone has -- the world for two sentries Rob Lowe has done at all in his career but now he's taking a very different turn going from this. To this. Playing the ", 'Adventures of Old Christine Edie Falco of nurse Jackie.  Amy Poehler  of  parks and recreation  Tina from 30 Rock. And Toni Collette. Of the united happened here is they both tonight shows that are twice  NBC  under the Jay Leno version and then Conan himself ', 'of the New Adventures of Old Christine Edie Falco of nurse Jackie. Amy Poehler of parks and recreation Tina -- from 30 Rock. And Toni Collette. Of the united states of -- The -- one to me here is Edie ', 'what, taylor swift, you stay away from michael j. Fox\'s son. Reporter: Stealing the show. Amy poerl, " parks and recreation ." Reporter: And adele taking home the globe for skyfall. We saw you give daniel craig a high five. He\'s so ', 'away from michael j. Fox\'s son. Reporter: Stealing the show. Amy poerl, " parks and recreation ." Reporter: And adele taking home the globe for skyfall. We saw you give daniel craig a high five. He\'s so nice. Reporter: ', "actually been up here on November 15 episode up.  Parks and recreation  that there really funny with death.  Amy Poehler  Saturday Night Live they wouldn't tell her character ", "role here he's actually been up here on November 15 episode up. Parks and recreation that there really funny -- with death. Amy Poehler Saturday Night Live they wouldn't tell her character was a councilwoman in the show has a huge crush on the vice president. "]