['Swingtown," \'\'Hedwig and the Angry Inch") is 42. Actor Jay R. Ferguson ("Mad Men") is 39. Actor  James Lafferty  (" One Tree Hill ") is 28. July 26: Actress Marjorie Lord ("Make Room For Daddy") is 95. Actor James Best ("The ', 'dating dancer Casper Smart. Sophia Bush and  Chad Michael Murray  In 2005,  Chad Michael Murray  and Sophia Bush, who met on the set of " One Tree Hill ," were married. It didn\'t last long ', "Excerpt: 'Dirty Little Secrets: Breaking the Silence on Teenage Girls and Promiscuity' by Kerry Cohen", 'everywhere. Teenage girls in provocative clothing flood the media. They have sex on Gossip Girl and Degrassi and  One Tree Hill . And they definitely have sex on reality shows like The Real World and 16 and Pregnant. But when we discuss adolescent ', 'who have taught me how to be brave when gravity happens," Voegele says. Voegele is also a regular on the CW show " One Tree Hill ." She plays a role that\'s not too much of a stretch for her: singer-songwriter. She performs her songs as a ', 'Kim at the Angel Ball in New York, even though he brought another date to the event. October 7: Michael Copon. " One Tree Hill " actor Michael and Kim have apparently been friends for years and a source says they reconnected and are "hitting ', 'HBO series "Oz." Since then, Rick has appeared in more than a dozen network shows, including "Ugly Betty," " One Tree Hill ," "The Game" and "Dirt." In addition, Fox has appeared in numerous films, including "Resurrection," "Holes ', 'HBO series "Oz." Since then, Rick has appeared in more than a dozen network shows, including "Ugly Betty," " One Tree Hill ," "The Game" and "Dirt." In addition, Fox has appeared in numerous films, including "Resurrection," "Holes ', 'HBO series "Oz." Since then, Rick has appeared in more than a dozen network shows, including "Ugly Betty," " One Tree Hill ," "The Game" and "Dirt." In addition, Fox has appeared in numerous films, including "Resurrection," "Holes ', 'HBO series "Oz." Since then, Rick has appeared in more than a dozen network shows, including "Ugly Betty," " One Tree Hill ," "The Game" and "Dirt." In addition, Fox has appeared in numerous films, including "Resurrection," "Holes ', 'HBO series "Oz." Since then, Rick has appeared in more than a dozen network shows, including "Ugly Betty," " One Tree Hill ," "The Game" and "Dirt." In addition, Fox has appeared in numerous films, including "Resurrection," "Holes ', 'appeal to their audience of younger women who are already fans of the series "Gossip Girl," "Supernatural" and " One Tree Hill ." Only time will tell if the innovative marketing campaign will pay-off, or if viewers are simply vamped out.', 'HBO series "Oz." Since then, Rick has appeared in more than a dozen network shows, including "Ugly Betty," " One Tree Hill ," "The Game" and "Dirt." In addition, Fox has appeared in numerous films, including "Resurrection," "Holes ', 'HBO series "Oz." Since then, Rick has appeared in more than a dozen network shows, including "Ugly Betty," " One Tree Hill ," "The Game" and "Dirt." In addition, Fox has appeared in numerous films, including "Resurrection," "Holes ', "me get going so it's kind of nice that support. Absolutely now you also have some acting under your belt your on  one tree hill  recently playing a musician right right what was life did you enjoy that. I loved you know I'd done them. I would ", "now you also have some acting under your belt your -- on one tree hill recently playing a musician right right what was life did you enjoy that. I loved you know I'd done them. I would ", "of embarrassingly so but I'm very out of the now number five actually really surprise to me. Yes number five is  one tree hill  show that lends itself to a lot of drama. People cheating trails deaths all kinds of stuff says the number five on ", 'now number five actually really surprise to me. Yes number five is one tree hill -- show that lends itself to a lot of drama. People cheating -- trails deaths all kinds of stuff says the number ']