['Paula Abdul  is back behind the judges panel, this time for "So You Think You Can Dance." The former "American Idol" judge will make her ', 'are planning to attend the Creative Coalition Inaugural Ball, including Kirsten Dunst, Ashley Greene, Matt Bomer,  Paula Abdul , Taraji P. Henson, Omar Epps, David Arquette and Creative Coalition president Tim Daly, according to The Washingtonian ', "Apolo Ohno, Emmitt Smith Voted Off 'Dancing With the Stars: All-Stars' in Semifinals", 'all-star cast and their pro partners! British pop band The Wanted performed two of their big hits, and singer/dancer  Paula Abdul  sang and danced a mash-up of four of her number one hits. Dancer Parris Goebel earned a standing ovation for her ', 'Linkin Park, Chris Brown and Ludacris. Presenters include Colbie Caillat, Gavin DeGraw, will.i.am, Ne-Yo,  Paula Abdul , Neon Trees, Phillip Phillips, Karmin, Backstreet Boys and Brandy. Rihanna and Nicki Minaj are the leading nominees ', "'Dancing With the Stars: All-Stars' Recap: Gilles Marini, Shawn Johnson Tied for First Place in Week 4", "picked for their opponents, delivering those performances to a panel of judges that included singer/choreographer  Paula Abdul  as guest judge. At the end of tonight's show, Gilles Marini and Shawn Johnson were tied for first place, each with ", "America what we are made of. (I'm saying that with a sore body from all the lifting the past few days ...). Having  Paula Abdul  as the fourth judge this week is going to be insane. Aren't you excited? She'll add so much to the show, especially ", "'Dancing With the Stars: All-Stars' Week 3 Recap: Monaco, Rycroft Tied for Lead in Iconic Dance Week", 'remaining at the end of the competition will battle each other for the championship. Singer-dancer-choreographer  Paula Abdul  will be a guest judge next week. Also next week, the all-stars will pick the dance styles for each other, including ', 'the judges. "She\'s in play," an insider told People magazine. "At the very worst she\'s interchangeable with  Paula Abdul  or JLo," Mansfield said. But Rushfield thinks it will take more than A-list cred to bolster "Idol" ratings ', "DeGeneres. Nicole Scherzinger.  Paula Abdul  -- though her flubs at least made competition shows. Verdict: Failed.  Paula Abdul  Abdul's performance was a highlight know how well that worked out for  Paula Abdul . Verdict: Failed.", 'it\'s really important that she speaks to our younger audience. The new panel will be dynamic and will work really well with the changes we are making to the show." Nicole Scherzinger and  Paula Abdul  previously served as judges on the show.', "Demi Lovato and Miley Cyrus are rumored to be in the running for the final vacant judge's' slot. Former judges  Paula Abdul  and Nicole Scherzinger were let go following the show's first season.", "New Simon Cowell Book: 'Can't Stand' J-Lo, Thought About Hooking Up with Paula Abdul ", 'the New York Daily News, Simon Cowell admits he thought about sleeping with his fellow former "American Idol" judge  Paula Abdul  , but later changed his mind, because, "We would have to have a conversation afterwards, and I don\'t know what ', 'He was outed as being gay on the internet and he killed himself. Something must be done." Stars such as singers  Paula Abdul , Ciara and Nicki Minaj would soon join the chorus. Soon after, President Obama, Secretary of State Hillary Clinton ', "sexual tension. We'll hold that you go to once again  Paula Abdul  do you need consent and what happened to didn't want the full. Do not want World Cup in the morning with  Paula Abdul  Fatah led the state for a few hours but then it would ", "you can sexual tension. We'll hold that you go to once again Paula Abdul -- -- do you need consent and what happened to didn't want her. I I considered -- but then the. -- -- I don't think the -- it would be as good is that the full. Do not want -- World Cup in the morning with Paula Abdul Fatah led the state for a few hours but then it would have to be picking up his soul sister there you ", "from America's favorite judge means it's turn to be the critic. Straight up now tell me. How much do you love  Paula Abdul  I'm Christy in New York. A portion of massaging the broken egos American Idol hopefuls wasn't up and coming artist ", "the critic. Straight up now tell me. How much do you love Paula Abdul I'm Christy -- -- in New York. A portion of massaging the broken egos American Idol hopefuls -- wasn't up and coming ", 'Good morning  Paula Abdul  life. Everybody. She can hear that the telephone what are you look important improvement. How about a lot of you coming and ', 'Good morning Paula Abdul life. Everybody. She can hear that the telephone what are you look important improvement. How about a lot of you coming and ', "of firsts on the dance floor.  Paula abdul  joined the judge's table. And tens of the season. Grammy winner  paula abdul  is known just as much for her charm having me. Let's talk about  paula abdul  first. How did she do? The judge ", 'stars" time now. After a night of firsts on the dance floor. Paula abdul joined the judge\'s table. And we saw the first tens of the season. Grammy winner paula abdul is known just as much for her charm. I have a sexy little -- Reporter: As her singing and dancing. The footwork ', "from l.A. Good morning. Thank you for having me. Let's talk about paula abdul first. How did she do? The judge? Miss paula abdul is amazing. I got a chance to speak to her before the show. She's just a natural. She knows what she's doing. ", 'Celebrity judge discusses her time on hit ABC show, which includes an upcoming performance.', "Michael Bolton wants it. It is to have you may be cord his tour but He needs to know something are you the same rowdy  Paula Abdul  used to babysit. I keep getting back up at. Julie not don't know I think sitting up at an. My sister and I went ", "tour but He needs to know something are you the same rowdy Paula Abdul -- used to babysit. I keep getting back up at. Julie -- not don't know I think sitting up at an. My ", 'You had a big night. Yes  Paula Abdul  is not just on our show yesterday but also on your radio show yeah  Paula Abdul  began to talk about this when she was on with this yesterday in ', 'You had a big night. Yes Paula Abdul is not just on our show yesterday but also on your radio show yeah Paula Abdul began to talk about this when she was on with this yesterday in the view. About the fact that the woman who ']