['have been chasing for months now. Supercouple, kim  kardashian  and kanye west are going to surprise their friends when how they break the news. In an upcoming episode of " keeping up with the kardashians ," the world will finally learn the sex of kim\'s baby ', 'headline. The gossip websites have been chasing for months now. Supercouple, kim kardashian and kanye west are going to surprise their friends when they announce the sex of their baby at a bash in beverly hills tonight. Expecting parents all over america are getting more creative in how they break the news. In an upcoming episode of " keeping up with the kardashians ," the world will finally learn the sex of kim\'s baby. Let\'s see the sex of this baby. Reporter: But the news will ', 'You can too if you\'re fan of kim  kardashian . You can own a slice of her style CLOSET ON eBAY. There are a lot of  kardashian  kollection by sears. And major designers her closet on a recent episode of " keeping up with the kardashians ." Kim is donating a percentage ', 'back to school shopping. You can too if you\'re fan of kim kardashian . You can own a slice of her style. The reality star selling the CONTENTS OF HER CLOSET ON eBAY. There are a lot of kardashian kollection by sears. And major designers. Sizes range from 4 to 6 and designer shoes range -- 4 to 6? Depending on maker. On shoe, ranging from 6 to 6 1/2. This comes after, I don\'t know if you watched the program, kanye, her boyfriend, kanye west, criticized her closet on a recent episode of " keeping up with the kardashians ." Kim is donating a percentage of the profits to charity. She\'s selling the clothing under the name of kim the princess. I ', 'happened just a few months before the wedding. Chris is romantic proposal caught on the season finale of  Keeping Up with the Kardashians . Doing. Traders hear the news that a family barbecue I am just this. So excited time on that morning ', 'the wedding. Chris is romantic proposal caught on the season finale of Keeping Up with the Kardashians . Doing. -- -- Traders hear the news that a family barbecue I am just this. So excited -- time on that morning ', "And six seasons of the show that started off  Keeping Up with the Kardashians  starts June 12 and Kourtney Khloe. Live here in the studio with that's good thing about life is full of both the view first ", "And -- six seasons of the show that started off Keeping Up with the Kardashians starts June 12 and Kourtney Khloe. Live here in the studio with that's good thing about life is full of both the ", 'number 10. I\'ll give you one if you give me one. What is the correct order of the three sisters on " keeping up with the kardashians " from oldest to youngest. What\'s number 10. I don\'t. Are you sure these are all right? Yeah, I ', 'me one. What is the correct order of the three sisters on " keeping up with the kardashians " from oldest to youngest. What\'s number 10. I don\'t. Are you sure these are all right? Yeah, I can google. Time is ', 'We\'re going "toe to toe." Kanye west, he\'s a rapper, a grammy winner and we\'re calling him  keeping up with the kardashians \' kanye west? He goes through kim\'s closet and suggested she get rid of 100 pairs of shoes and piles ', "Kanye west, he's a rapper, a grammy winner and we're calling him keeping up with the kardashians' kanye west? He goes through kim's closet and suggested she get rid of 100 pairs of shoes and piles of unworn duds. ", "deals with idol and he channel you create shows like  Keeping Up with the Kardashians . And has a national radio presence which can't hurt your resolution for 2012 genetically engineer another  Kardashian . Our enjoyment you have any tips on. That would be ", 'school -- Now what is your resolution for 2012 genetically engineer another Kardashian . Our enjoyment you have any tips on. That would be good one I believe the resolutions -- BTV. Elevate more. Present in ', 'yet. It a million dollar  Kardashian  vibrator offer may come Kim would there have been  Keeping Up with the Kardashians . And did you know would shy about taking on the  Kardashian  with the girls who have say their father Robert  Kardashian . Who gained fame as one ', "the -- He. And week. And yet. It -- a million dollar Kardashian vibrator offer may come as little surprise to those who follow them. They're sexy personas are -- key part of the shuttle. Indeed the reality series began just months after an explicit sex tape of him was sold -- -- wishes. But it turned her into a hot media commodities. Without Kim would there have been -- Keeping Up with the Kardashians . And did you know would be not the mom have gone but with -- manager -- -- That you had an opportunity ", 'I look -- now. Others are not shy about taking on the Kardashian with the girls who have a new clothing line from BB. That was sharp criticism from project runways and guns they get ', "all that drive come -- All the girls say their father Robert Kardashian . Who gained fame as one of OJ Simpson's lawyers. He died of cancer in 2003. We grew up in this life of ", 'certain over the and week. Any. It a million dollar  Kardashian  vibrator offer may come as little surprise to those who hot media commodity. Without Kim would there have been  Keeping Up with the Kardashians . And did you know would be not the mom Panama but with ', 'certain over the and -- week. Any. It -- a million dollar Kardashian vibrator offer may come as little surprise to those who follow them. There are sexy personas are -- key part of the -- Indeed the reality series began just months after an explicit sex tape of him was sold against -- wishes. But it turned her into a hot media commodity. Without Kim would there have been -- Keeping Up with the Kardashians . And did you know would be not the mom Panama but with -- manager -- -- That you had an opportunity so ', 'was sold against wishes. But it turned her into a hot media commodity. Without him with there have been  Keeping Up with the Kardashians . And did you know would be not the mom have gone out with manager have gone. That you had an opportunity ', 'into a hot media commodity. Without him with there have been -- Keeping Up with the Kardashians . And did you know would be not the mom have gone out with -- manager have gone. That you had an opportunity ', "is. an actor she's the girl if you watch  Keeping Up with the Kardashians  she's dating the brother on you'd areas naughty girl I have to say in watching the show  Keeping Up with the Kardashians  actually seems really always with a look at ", "-- -- -- -- an actor she's the girl if you watch Keeping Up with the Kardashians she's dating the brother on you'd areas. Well so anyway some semi nude pictures of her got out another some -- how they got out she set her laptop got stolen but now there's some notion that maybe her friends. Concocted a plan to have leaked them and make it seem like they were stolen because she wanted to change her image from being on these Disney. Girls to being sort of a naughty girl I have to say in watching the show Keeping Up with the Kardashians actually seems really -- -- always with a look at -- sisters she seems really nice. And looks attractive relative pitchers are "]