['night with country music star  Kellie Pickler  being crowned the winner, all finalists and their partners -  Kellie Pickler , Derek Hough, Zendaya Coleman bedroom, he said." RELATED:  Kellie Pickler  Wins Mirror Ball Trophy Pickler\'s ', 'somberly sidestepped a controversy over the rights of gay spouses. 4. Pickler Crowned "DWTS\' Champ Country singer  Kellie Pickler  came into the final "Dancing With the Stars" finale in second place but finished in first, taking home the Mirror ', 'Country music star  Kellie Pickler  was named the winner of "Dancing With the Stars" tonight during giving him a two-night judges\' total of 86 out of 100 points.  Kellie Pickler : Tonioli told the country star that her jive had accuracy ', "'Dancing With the Stars' Season 16, Week 10: Louis Van Amstel Blogs on Final Week", "grand total) Zendaya and Val Chmerkovskiy: 30, 5, 30. Total: 65  Kellie Pickler  and Derek Hough: 30, 4, 30. Total: 64 Aly Raisman and Mark Ballas watching this season, I'd give the Mirror Ball trophy of Season 16 to  Kellie Pickler !", "out the show's official Slacker Radio station!  Kellie Pickler : The country music star performed the quickstep for Zendaya and Val Chmerkovskiy: 30, 5, 30. Total: 65  Kellie Pickler  and Derek Hough: 30, 4, 30. Total: 64 Aly Raisman ", "'Dancing With the Stars': Ingo Rademacher Goes Home in Week 9, Show Marks 300th Episode", "the championship and the mirrorball trophy are Baltimore Ravens' wide receiver Jacoby Jones, country music star  Kellie Pickler  and and Olympic gymnast Aly Raisman. RELATED: 'Dancing With the Stars': 'The Bachelor' Sean Lowe Voted Off ", "'Dancing With the Stars' Season 16, Week 9: Louis Van Amstel Blogs on Viewers' Choice", "on 'Dancing With the Stars.'  Kellie Pickler  and Derek Hough's Argentine always a risk to break rules.  Kellie Pickler  and Derek Hough's Flamenco Smirnoff: 30, 29. Total: 59  Kellie Pickler  and Derek Hough: 30, 28. Total ", "'Dancing With the Stars': Jacoby Jones, Aly Raisman Tie for Lead in Week 9 Semifinals", "style selected for them by fans who voted on Twitter.  Kellie Pickler : The country music star's Argentine tango drew Jacoby Jones and Karina Smirnoff: 30, 29. Total: 59  Kellie Pickler  and Derek Hough: 30, 28. Total: 58 Zendaya and ", 'was voted off , Jones and Smirnoff were in the bottom three. Tonight they will compete in the semifinals against Disney star Zendaya, Olympic gymnast Aly Raisman, country singer  Kellie Pickler  and Ingo Rademacher, dancing the lindy hop.', 'to compete in the season 16 semifinals are Disney star Zendaya, Olympic gymnast Aly Raisman, country music star  Kellie Pickler  and soap opera star Ingo Rademacher. They will perform dance styles that viewers picked for them on Twitter: Raisman ', "'Dancing With the Stars' Season 16, Week 8: Louis Van Amstel, Anna Trebunskaya Blog on Trio Dances", "improvement from her. It's so fun to see that.  Kellie Pickler  and Derek Hough's Viennese Waltz. Louis: Kellie Aly Raisman and Mark Ballas: 29, 27: Total: 56  Kellie Pickler  and Derek Hough: 28; 27: Total: 55 Jacoby Jones ", "Rademacher earned 24 points.  Kellie Pickler  : The country music star peformed Rademacher earned 24 points.  Kellie Pickler : Pickler's dark, dramatic Ballas: 29, 27: Total: 56  Kellie Pickler  and Derek Hough: 28; 27: Total ", "had the lowest combined tally of judges' scores and viewers' votes, so he was sent home. Country music singer  Kellie Pickler  won immunity on Monday, so she could not be eliminated tonight. Tonight's show featured live performances from ", "Disney's day at home and let the the country singer  Kellie Pickler  a close second. Sullivan and Lee County recent anti reveal. very exciting time here on the dance floor for  Kellie Pickler  and now all four finalists are heading to New York ", "Disney's -- day at home and let the -- the country singer Kellie Pickler a close second. Sullivan and Lee County recent anti Toby Jones one was eliminated. -- and the finale also featured star studded ", '-- very exciting time here on the dance floor -- -- for Kellie Pickler and now all four finalists are heading to New York. So they can it here on Good Morning America this morning John ', "winner is here you're gonna see it but an. and I  Kellie Pickler  who knows who knows you know. Why she is from American because in diet is and yeah but America spoke and and  Kellie Pickler  want to thank all. And I higher points from the judges ", "you're gonna see it -- but an. -- -- and I -- Kellie Pickler who knows who knows you know. -- -- -- -- -- Why she is from American Idol fame she finished apparently -- ", "-- -- is -- -- and yeah but America spoke and and Kellie Pickler want to thank -- all. And I -- -- higher points from the judges got away with Kelly restore America's heart and ", '"DWTS" champion joins Jacoby Jones, Aly Raisman and Zendaya in discussing shows\' finale.', "Good morning, everybody. Country star -- we have a country feeling today. We're going to start with  kellie pickler . She is causing quite a buzz today. Give me a ding. Ding, ding, ding. Because, as you're seeing in this video ", "-- we have a country feeling today. We're going to start with kellie pickler . She is causing quite a buzz today. Give me a ding. Ding, ding, ding. Because, as you're seeing in this video, she ", 'Kellie Pickler  wants you to know that February is appreciation month and to show her love for the feline variety. She is designed to sweater ', 'Kellie Pickler wants you to know that February is -- appreciation month and to show her love for the feline variety. She is designed ']