['PHOTO: Julian Assange speaks to the media inside the Ecuadorian Embassy in London ahead of the first anniversary of his arrival there on June 19, 2012. This June 9, 2013 photo provided by The ...', 'PHOTO: Julian Assange speaks to the media inside the Ecuadorian Embassy in London ahead of the first anniversary of his arrival there on June 19, 2012. This June 9, 2013 photo provided by The Guardian newspaper in London shows  Edward Snowden , who worked a', 'VIDEO: Latest revelations from Edward Snowden  come just as Obama arrives for a summit with world leaders.', 'VIDEO: Latest revelations from  Edward Snowden  come just as Obama arrives for a summit with world leaders.', 'VIDEO:Former Vice President Dick Cheney calls Edward Snowden  a "traitor" for leaking classified documents.', 'VIDEO:Former Vice President Dick Cheney calls  Edward Snowden  a "traitor" for leaking classified documents.', "VIDEO:New details emerge on Edward Snowden's  frustration for US government spying.", "VIDEO:New details emerge on  Edward Snowden's  frustration for US government spying.", 'PHOTO: Photos of Edward Snowden , a contractor at the National Security Agency (NSA ), and U.S. President Barack Obama are printed on the front pages of local English and Chinese newspapers in Hong ...', 'PHOTO: Photos of  Edward Snowden , a contractor at the National Security Agency ( NSA ), and U.S. President Barack Obama are printed on the front pages of local English and Chinese newspapers in Hong Kong in this illustration photo June 11, 2013.', 'PHOTO: A supporter holds a picture of Edward Snowden , a former CIA employee who leaked top-secret information about U.S. surveillance programs, outside the U.S. Consulate General in Hong Kong on June ...', 'PHOTO: A supporter holds a picture of  Edward Snowden , a former CIA employee who leaked top-secret information about U.S. surveillance programs, outside the U.S. Consulate General in Hong Kong on June 13, 2013.', 'PHOTO: The picture of Edward Snowden , a former CIA employee who leaked top-secret documents about sweeping U.S. surveillance programs, is displayed on the front page of South China Morning Post at a ...', 'PHOTO: The picture of  Edward Snowden , a former CIA employee who leaked top-secret documents about sweeping U.S. surveillance programs, is displayed on the front page of South China Morning Post at a news stand in Hong Kong on June 13, 2013.', "VIDEO: Piecing Together Edward Snowden ; 'Whitey' Bulger Prosecutor Plays Slideshow of Alleged Victims", "VIDEO: Piecing Together  Edward Snowden ; 'Whitey' Bulger Prosecutor Plays Slideshow of Alleged Victims", 'VIDEO: Provisions of the Espionage Act may be used to bring charges against Edward Snowden .', 'VIDEO: Provisions of the Espionage Act may be used to bring charges against  Edward Snowden .', 'PHOTO: George Stephanopoulos interviews House Speaker John Boehner, left, R-Ohio, in New York, June 10, 2013. Edward Snowden , who worked as a contract employee at the National Security Agency, is ...', 'PHOTO: George Stephanopoulos interviews House Speaker John Boehner, left, R-Ohio, in New York, June 10, 2013.  Edward Snowden , who worked as a contract employee at the National Security Agency, is shown, June 9, 2013, in Hong Kong.', 'PHOTO: Lindsay Mills, pictured here, was reportedly dating alleged NSA  leaker Edward Snowden .', 'PHOTO: Lindsay Mills, pictured here, was reportedly dating alleged  NSA  leaker  Edward Snowden .']