["Daughter of Ozzy Osbourne discusses her health, her dad's addiction and her love life.", 'and looks fantastic. Quite a challenging year for  kelly osbourne . Between her mysterious seizure to her famous dad love. Looking svelte, sexy and very much in love,  kelly osbourne  is opening up on the cover of "cosmo politan\'s ', 'pink and gray hair and looks fantastic. Quite a challenging year for kelly osbourne . Between her mysterious seizure to her famous dad going public after falling off the wagon. In a brand-new interview a candid kelly reveals a new life and even a new love. Looking svelte, sexy and very much in love, kelly osbourne is opening up on the cover of "cosmo politan\'s" july issue. Getting candid about ozzy\'s latest admission of falling off the wagon ', 'Gaga\'s "little monsters" lash out at  Kelly Osbourne  online after comments she made about Lady Gaga\'s', "Reporter: It's the latest hollywood weight loss craze causing a hoopla. It's called hoopnotica. A favorite of  kelly osbourne . You want to look good, you want to feel good. Reporter: She did to it get ready for oscar night. It's a secret ", "weight loss craze causing a hoopla. It's called hoopnotica. A favorite of kelly osbourne . You want to look good, you want to feel good. Reporter: She did to it get ready for oscar night. It's a ", 'The 28-year-old star was rushed to the hospital during a taping of her E! network show.', "Ride-Along With Paparazzi: Secrets of the Tabloid 'Game' -- Then a Snap of Kelly Osbourne ", "ABC News' Nick Watt gets an inside look at the Hollywood image factory in action.", 'Hollywood right now has always right closer with the cover of us weekly  Kelly Osbourne  she has dropped. Some 42 pounds according to pass me on Dancing we appreciate it from us weekly check of the new cover. With that  Kelly Osbourne .', "has always right -- -- closer with the cover of us weekly Kelly Osbourne she has dropped. Some 42 pounds according to pass me on Dancing With The Stars that's incredible she looks amazing and this ", "joined by Rebecca have been stopped with all the Hollywood buzz Rebecca agreed to see you again great to cover story  Kelly Osbourne  he's. these days what's secret. So it's amazing that she's been a Yo-Yo Dieter for years and basically ", "Rebecca agreed to see you again great to -- -- cover story Kelly Osbourne he's. -- these days what's -- secret. So it's amazing that she's been a Yo-Yo Dieter for years and basically she's just ", "he calls it. Within minutes, a catch. There's  kelly osbourne  there. Right there. Reporter: A celebrity child, although  kelly osbourne  is almost grown up. Within hours, that snap was ", 'For an afternoon. Fishing, he calls it. Within minutes, a catch. There\'s kelly osbourne there. Right there. Reporter: A celebrity child, although kelly osbourne is almost grown up. Within hours, that snap was in "the daily mail." The process, well, a little weird for me. I ', 'celebs who have to present ever-changing looks to the world, overprocessing can be troublesome. Take the case of  kelly osbourne , who has seemingly experienced every hair color under the sun. Three years ago, admitted to getting bald patches ', 'looks to the world, overprocessing can be troublesome. Take the case of kelly osbourne , who has seemingly experienced every hair color under the sun. Three years ago, admitted to getting bald patches after a hair colorist ', "what are you wearing on your nails? We saw so many celebs sporting creative nail gels. Adele had gold fingers.  Kelly osbourne  wore her heart on her digits. It's a fun new accessory. Give me a ding. They nailed it. Thank you very much ", "saw so many celebs sporting creative nail gels. Adele had gold fingers. Kelly osbourne wore her heart on her digits. It's a fun new accessory. Give me a ding. They nailed it. Thank you very much. ", 'But the faces are tweeting out pictures of themselves sans makeup. From rihanna. To miley. To demi lovato and  kelly osbourne . It really makes them relatable to their fans. They get to see them without all of the glamour that they usually ', 'of themselves sans makeup. From rihanna. To miley. To demi lovato and kelly osbourne . It really makes them relatable to their fans. They get to see them without all of the glamour that they usually see ', "UP. YOU DANCE 16 HOURS A DAY, I SUPPOSE YOU WOULD END UP LOOKING LIKE A COMPLETELY DIFFERENT PERSON. EVEN WITH  KELLY OSBOURNE , I REMEMBER WE STARTED WITH TWO HOURS A DAY ONLY. IT'S WHEN THEY START FEELING THE RUSH OF THE AUDIENCE APPLAUDING ", "YOU WOULD END UP LOOKING LIKE A COMPLETELY DIFFERENT PERSON. EVEN WITH KELLY OSBOURNE , I REMEMBER WE STARTED WITH TWO HOURS A DAY ONLY. IT'S WHEN THEY START FEELING THE RUSH OF THE AUDIENCE APPLAUDING AND ", 'some of the hottest celebs and sports and entertainment. Justin Bieber Christina Aguilera Serena and Venus Williams  Kelly Osbourne  and Ryan Seacrest. And Chris is New Jersey Nets teammates will also be on hand to watch as He his beautiful bride ', 'and sports and entertainment. Justin Bieber Christina Aguilera Serena and Venus Williams Kelly Osbourne and Ryan Seacrest. And Chris is New Jersey Nets teammates will also be on hand to watch as He -- his beautiful ', "angular. And people wondered if you patent issue it has been at this summer of skinny wars. Didn't down fashion cup  Kelly Osbourne  took to her show last month firing up her famous feud with Christina Aguilera and on the singer's new look Osborne ", "has been at this summer of skinny wars. Didn't down fashion cup Kelly Osbourne took to her -- show last month firing up her famous feud with Christina Aguilera and on the singer's new look Osborne ", "You're experiencing the Dancing With The Stars effect. A career boosting image making money transformation. Returned  Kelly Osbourne  from Americas To America's favorite daughter my JR Martinez from all heard veteran. To the champion of hearts and ", "The Stars effect. A career boosting image making money -- transformation. Returned Kelly Osbourne from Americas -- -- To America's favorite daughter my -- JR Martinez from all heard veteran. To the champion of hearts and ", "under the gem and NFC can't run on a treadmill and the exercise you get him dancing. And boy do the pounds come off  Kelly Osbourne  dropped twenty pounds Monday. Nancy Grace gets stopped 25. Someone weigh thirty pounds. The season Joey Fatone ", 'exercise you get him dancing. And boy do the pounds come off Kelly Osbourne dropped twenty pounds -- Monday. Nancy Grace gets stopped 25. -- -- Someone -- weigh thirty pounds. The season -- Joey Fatone ', 'recent break up an active fuel all of this and celebrities are speaking out through a lot of tweeting and writing well  Kelly Osbourne  Lily Allen Russell Simmons Rihanna and anymore. Lot of folks from speaking out about this including Tony Bennett ', 'celebrities are speaking out through a lot of tweeting and writing well Kelly Osbourne Lily Allen Russell Simmons Rihanna and anymore. Lot of folks -- from speaking out about this including Tony Bennett who actually did ', "mark Bronson who produced that says album. Back to black which created her made this global superstar also I'm  Kelly Osbourne  but a very private. Affair and the family is now observing the traditional. Seven days of shiver that we hear also ", "Back to black which created her made this global superstar also I'm Kelly Osbourne but a very private. Affair and the family is now observing the traditional. Seven days of shiver that we hear also that "]