["London Mayor Boris Johnson  on  London's  financial sector since Lehman's collapse.", 'UK court: London  mayor acted lawfully in banning bus ads promoting cure for homosexuality', "Britain's High Court says the mayor of London acted lawfully when he banned bus ads from a Christian group suggesting that homosexuality can be cured.A Christian cha...", 'This is the final installment of Eyes on London, which roamed the 2012 Olympics and its host city with journalists from The Associated Press bringing the flavor and ...', 'London Mayor Boris Johnson has defended his decision to invite media mogul Rupert Murdoch to watch Olympic swimming events Friday, describing Murdoch as an important...', 'British troops assigned on short notice to guard the Olympics are "enjoying a very unusual and memorable operation," London\'s mayor says.But some soldiers have compl...', 'An appearance by the hapless comic character Mr. Bean was one of the highlights of the London Olympics opening ceremony. Yet a series of Keystone Cops moments has ga...', 'An appearance by the hapless comic character Mr. Bean was one of the highlights of the London Olympics opening ceremony. Yet a series of Keystone Cops moments has ga...', 'It is the best of times, it is the worst of times.The Olympics have turned London into a tale of two cities, with shops, hotels, theaters and restaurants in the cent...', "Chinese automaker BYD Co. is sending 50 electric cabs to London in a boost to China's struggling makers of all-electric vehicles.BYD and cab company Green Tomato Car...", "19th-century train chugs down London's  Tube, marks 150th anniversary of world's oldest subway", 'Tourists waiting for their morning subway train to Madame Tussauds were treated to an unusual sight Sunday: a 19th- century steam engine chugging down the tracks.Tra...', "The CEO of a U.S. tire maker has delivered a crushing summary of how some outsiders view France's work ethic in a letter saying he would have to be stupid to take ov...", "London's overstretched transit system creaked and groaned but appeared to be coping with the strain on the first working day of the Olympics.Monday morning's rush ho...", "It's not in Scotland. And it's missing a front yard. But anyone who has read a Sherlock Holmes novel can tell you that Scotland Yard equals London police.Perhaps no ...", 'London  2012 Closing Ceremony: Rio de Janeiro Takes Torch as Britain Closes With Rock & Roll Extravaganza', 'West Ham have been officially confirmed as new tenants for the Olympic Stadium after a deal was finally agreed on Friday.The 99-year lease was announced by the Londo...', "Britain's finance minister will have a first chance to challenge plans in Brussels to cap bankers' bonuses at a meeting on Tuesday, but he is unlikely to find enough...", 'Rams take quick lead over Patriots, but then fall apart in 45-7 loss to Patriots in London ', 'It all started so well for the St. Louis Rams on their first trip to the famous Wembley Stadium. It all ended so badly.Sam Bradford led the Rams (3-5) to a 7-0 lead ...', 'Around the 2012 Olympics and its host city with journalists from The Associated Press bringing the flavor and details of the games to you:___RIO PREPARESAs the Londo...', 'The London Olympics closed with a tuneful and star-studded celebration Sunday night that highlighted the city and its people, music and culture.Sixteen days after th...']