["confirming her engagement to Matthew Mosshart last week,  Kelly Osbourne , 28, wasn't shy about showing off her new bling a nice shot of the round-cut diamond. Related:  Kelly Osbourne  Just Wants 'To Be Loved' She followed up that pic ", 'success.\' ... To sell more records, I don\'t even need to. I\'m selling records." Christina Aguilera In 2011,  Kelly Osbourne  slammed the "Voice" coach, calling her "fat," but Aguilera, 32, didn\'t respond. "I\'ve always been one ', 'Cosmopolitan  Kelly Osbourne  is sounding off on love with her chef boyfriend, Matthew Mosshart. "He just wants to love me, and I just wanted to be loved ', 'is the latest Hollywood weight-loss craze causing quite the hoopla among celebs. A favorite with style-watcher  Kelly Osbourne , Hoopnotica uses a device like a hula hoop to tone your core, abs, legs, arms, back and butt by re-introducing ', '19th birthday party in which Cyrus was presented with a cake emblazoned with the image of Bob Marley by her friend  Kelly Osbourne . In the video, Cyrus is seen responding by telling the crowd, "You know you\'re a stoner when your friends make ', 'Getty Images TV Personality  Kelly Osbourne , who had a seizure on the set episode of "House." RELATED:  Kelly Osbourne  Frets That Life Is Like a \'House After a five-day hospital stay,  Kelly Osbourne  Doctors ran numerous tests and ', 'Tran/FilmMagic/Getty Images)  Kelly Osbourne \'s illness is still a mystery continued support." RELATED:  Kelly Osbourne  Collapses While Shooting \'Fashion Dancing With the Stars." RELATED:  Kelly Osbourne  Hospitalized After Fainting on \'Fashion ', "Michael Tran/FilmMagic TV personality  Kelly Osbourne  was taken to the hospital today after fainting during audience, as well as the show's crew members.  Kelly Osbourne  is the daughter of heavy metal vocalist Ozzy Osbourne ", 'not go on unless she will give a jaw-dropping performance," Raha Lewis, a writer for People magazine, told ABC News. "To have to postpone four shows, you know that she\'s not doing well." WATCH: Lady Gaga Fans Threaten  Kelly Osbourne', 'have to check, the heart is the center of our being and if that doesn\'t work then we\'re all f****d," said  Kelly Osbourne  in Zac Posen. Osbourne gave node to heart health with her heart-tipped nails, a manicure that she sported at this ', 'told ABC News. Jones is not the only star to have had trouble with her hair. Pop star Lady Gaga and TV personality  Kelly Osbourne  have also reportedly suffered hair loss because of hair dye. Osbourne admitted three years ago to getting bald patches ', 'Next up in "heat index,"  kelly osbourne  has been making headlines about on "dancing with the stars."  Kelly osbourne  has been spent more than a decade a truck driver. It\'s clear  kelly osbourne  is a survivor who is thriving ', "I still feel like I sound like a truck driver. It's clear kelly osbourne is a survivor who is thriving and today a message to fellow former child stars like amanda bynes and lyindsey lohan. I ", 'and looks fantastic. Quite a challenging year for  kelly osbourne . Between her mysterious seizure to her famous dad love. Looking svelte, sexy and very much in love,  kelly osbourne  is opening up on the cover of "cosmo politan\'s ', 'pink and gray hair and looks fantastic. Quite a challenging year for kelly osbourne . Between her mysterious seizure to her famous dad going public after falling off the wagon. In a brand-new interview a candid kelly reveals a new life and even a new love. Looking svelte, sexy and very much in love, kelly osbourne is opening up on the cover of "cosmo politan\'s" july issue. Getting candid about ozzy\'s latest admission of falling off the wagon ', 'Gaga\'s "little monsters" lash out at  Kelly Osbourne  online after comments she made about Lady Gaga\'s', "Reporter: It's the latest hollywood weight loss craze causing a hoopla. It's called hoopnotica. A favorite of  kelly osbourne . You want to look good, you want to feel good. Reporter: She did to it get ready for oscar night. It's a secret ", "weight loss craze causing a hoopla. It's called hoopnotica. A favorite of kelly osbourne . You want to look good, you want to feel good. Reporter: She did to it get ready for oscar night. It's a ", 'The 28-year-old star was rushed to the hospital during a taping of her E! network show.', "Ride-Along With Paparazzi: Secrets of the Tabloid 'Game' -- Then a Snap of Kelly Osbourne ", "ABC News' Nick Watt gets an inside look at the Hollywood image factory in action.", 'Hollywood right now has always right closer with the cover of us weekly  Kelly Osbourne  she has dropped. Some 42 pounds according to pass me on Dancing we appreciate it from us weekly check of the new cover. With that  Kelly Osbourne .', "has always right -- -- closer with the cover of us weekly Kelly Osbourne she has dropped. Some 42 pounds according to pass me on Dancing With The Stars that's incredible she looks amazing and this "]