['Another Kardashian has another TV gig:  Khloe Kardashian  has been confirmed as one of the new hosts of Fox\'s Keeping Up with the Kardashians" and the spin-off " Khloe  &  Lamar ," and Lopez will begin appearing on the reality ', 'illegal to feed wildlife, "especially @ theglendalebear no matter how cute they are." Kim Kardashian announced on " Khloe  &  Lamar " in April that she wants to run for mayor of Glendale . The half-Armenian plans to work her heritage to her advantage ', 'Glendale, Calif., you\'ve been warned: Kim Kardashian wants to be your mayor. In an un-aired clip from Sunday\'s " Khloe  &  Lamar " posted on RadarOnline.com , Kardashian tells her sister Khloe that she\'s going to run for mayor of Glendale ', 'com is offering 50% off ALL celebrity fragrances including scents from Snooki, Britney Spears, Kim Kardashian,  Khloe  &  Lamar , Michael Jordan and many more. (Deal is valid online only.) FREE SHIPPING! Rita Hazan Products: Root Concealer ', 'his latest comments, and her most recent tweet reflected everything he hates. "So excited for brand new episode of  Khloe  &  Lamar  tonight!!," she wrote Sunday night, referring to her sister and brother-in-law\'s E! reality show.', 'The Kardashians\' three spinoff shows -- "Kourtney and Khloe Take Miami," "Kourtney and Kim Take New York" and " Khloe  &  Lamar " -- are huge hits, too. And the sisters, who have more than 15 million followers combined on Twitter, are not ', 'Kardashian Mom Kris Jenner Talks About Getting Paid by Her Kids and Changing Her Name', 'Take Miami," "Kourtney and Kim Take New York" and " Khloe  &  Lamar " -- to brand, promote and commoditize her children cameras between Kris and Khloe during an episode of " Khloe  &  Lamar ." As their manager, Jenner earns her income through ', 'Lamar Odom  and wife  Khloe Kardashian  tweeted condolences today for a 15-year-old boy who died of severe injuries after he was hit by a limo carrying the L.A ', "what are you excited about this Thanksgiving? Kardashian: I'm going to be able to spend it with my whole family --  Khloe ,  Lamar , Courtney, Scott, Mason, my brother, my mom, Bruce -- the whole family is getting together. So I'm excited ", 'we have some exclusive pictures in our current issue. And the whole family therefore this really sweet affair except for  Khloe and Lamar  because Lamar went in the middle of the playoffs at the lakers at the time. But I guess wedding fever is contagious because ', 'And the whole family -- therefore this really sweet affair except for Khloe and Lamar because Lamar went in the middle of the playoffs at the lakers at the time. But I guess wedding fever is contagious ', "other their space what they wanna do enjoy the time in the lot that we have together. Well speaking of relationships.  Khloe and Lamar  of course just renewed their wedding vows and we cannot believe it's already been a year. So quickly and I wonder a father ", "time in the lot that we have together. Well speaking of relationships. Khloe and Lamar of course just renewed their wedding vows and we cannot believe it's already been a year. So quickly and I wonder -- "]