['Karina Smirnoff and Maksim Chmerkovskiy discuss leading cast of the new play "Forever Tango."', 'The "Dancing with the Stars" pro sustains neck and face injuries during rehearsal with Jacoby Jones.', 'Having fun with apolo ohno and  karina smirnoff . "Dancing with the stars" is back. You will be partners. Going for the mirrorball trophy again. Will you be ready? We\'ll ', 'Having fun with apolo ohno and karina smirnoff . "Dancing with the stars" is back. You will be partners. Going for the mirrorball trophy again. Will you be ready? We\'ll be ', 'Derek Hough, Mark Ballas, Val Chmerkovskiy and  Karina Smirnoff  face off in "Two to Tango."', 'competition right now is, apolo and karina. Emmitt and cheryl. And they are all up early this morning. Apolo ohno,  karina smirnoff , emmitt sm emmitt smith and cheryl burke. Apolo, you went out on a high, after a perfect score. We did. We were ', 'and cheryl. And they are all up early this morning. Apolo ohno, karina smirnoff , emmitt sm emmitt smith and cheryl burke. Apolo, you went out on a high, after a perfect score. We did. We were ', 'direction from a woman, I think that\'s sexy. Reporter: If that\'s not sexy enough, maybe chocolate helps.  Karina smirnoff  eats chocolate before every show. It becomes -- it\'s like a treat. For "good morning america," cecilia vega ', 'think that\'s sexy. Reporter: If that\'s not sexy enough, maybe chocolate helps. Karina smirnoff eats chocolate before every show. It becomes -- it\'s like a treat. For "good morning america," cecilia vega, abc news, hollywood. Cecilia, ', "she'll be back with maks chmerkovskiy. Can't imagine her with anyone else. Next up. Apolo ohno will partner with  karina smirnoff . Nfl star and season three winner emmitt smith will be dancing, yes, cheryl burke go was emmitt. Sorry drew lachey ", 'imagine her with anyone else. Next up. Apolo ohno will partner with karina smirnoff . Nfl star and season three winner emmitt smith will be dancing, yes, cheryl burke go was emmitt. Sorry drew lachey. And gilles ', 'about her divorce and finding love again and of course. She got the highest scores as soon as well as JR Martinez and  Karina Smirnoff  He talked about his. Near death injury from his time in Iraq and of course. He dedicated all the men and women in ', 'got the highest scores as soon as well as JR Martinez and Karina Smirnoff He talked about his. Near death injury from his time in Iraq and of course. He dedicated -- -- all the men ', "Yeah then stay away. Give them dancing with the stars and they do. When I do it's interesting JR Martinez and  Karina Smirnoff  snag but. First perfect score of the season and they did why why isn't it just sort of what I love about them JR's ", "stars and they do. When I do it's interesting JR Martinez and Karina Smirnoff snag but. First perfect score of the season and they did -- why why isn't it just sort of what I love ", 'biker themed tango Bob Kardashian and Cheryl Kirk a fox trot that with the judges to the tune. And JR Martinez and  Karina Smirnoff  jump and jive their hearts out. Then it was time for the first elimination. Ricky and there. I. The night featured ', 'trot that with the judges to the tune. And JR Martinez and Karina Smirnoff jump and jive their hearts out. Then it was time for the first elimination. Ricky and there. I. The night featured live ', "Joining us right now two of our favorite dance experts last season's the  Karina Smirnoff  and they always amazing Tony Dovolani they are live in. Los Angeles the great to see you both this morning so much fun last night ", "now two of our favorite dance experts last season's -- the -- Karina Smirnoff and they always amazing Tony Dovolani they are live in. Los Angeles the great to see you both this morning so much ", 'Dance with a star say goodbye to R&B star Mario and his partner  Karina Smirnoff  and Mario and cleaner with us this morning and how you feel with a just a little tough on you. There were illiterate supplement ', 'with a star say goodbye to R&B star Mario and his partner Karina Smirnoff and Mario and cleaner with us this morning and -- how you feel -- with a just a little tough on you. ', 'here with us this morning as can you say good morning sir Rocco DiSpirito. And we have is there all right anchor  Karina Smirnoff  there may pay is thanks so much we got that extra week you got that that. That extra weekend. And I gotta say Rocco ', 'DiSpirito. And we have is there -- -- all right anchor -- Karina Smirnoff there may pay is thanks so much we got that extra week you got that that. That extra weekend. And I gotta ']