["Kim Kardashian's Marriage to Kris Humphries Revealed in 'Kourtney and Kim Take New York' Premiere", 'husband Chris Humphries are splitting up. Humphries will not be edited out of the upcoming reality show  Kourtney and Kim take New York . And the trailer does not tried to hide the tension between take a look. November 27 to examine today ', "up. Humphries will not be edited out of the upcoming reality show Kourtney and Kim take New York . And the trailer does not tried to hide the tension between take a look. November 27 to examine today it's. To me ", "and you're going to Italy for just a few days and Girardi back in NYC now. Because cannot do tapes he's into it  Kourtney Kim take New York . Hides it you can listen you gotta keep the paychecks if you're going to be and those kinds of the wedding bells ", "back in NYC now. Because cannot do -- tapes he's into it Kourtney Kim take New York . Hides it you can listen you gotta keep the paychecks -- if you're going to be and those kinds of the -- ", "wondering why the couple couldn't go the distance. There might just be some clues in the upcoming season of  Kourtney and Kim take New York . I care about Forty AT MC booked a flight to Minnesota very last minute and there were no reality shows ", 'distance. There might just be some clues in the upcoming season of Kourtney and Kim take New York . -- I care about -- Forty AT MC -- booked a flight to Minnesota very last minute and there were no reality ', "off guard. There are reports the world's most infamous break up could bring the upcoming season of  Kourtney and Kim take New York . To a halt it's not meant to me it's to me it's not every fairy tale. But he entertainment tells ", "the world's most infamous break up could bring the upcoming season of Kourtney and Kim take New York . To a halt it's not meant to me it's to me it's not every fairy tale. But he entertainment tells -- made ", 'considering wife of just 72 days for. Ten million dollars because he believes that his role on the show  Kourtney and Kim take New York . Is bigger than he was originally told that would be wants more money for about. Married since the role ', 'Ten million dollars because he believes that his role on the show Kourtney and Kim take New York . Is bigger than he was originally told that would be -- wants more money for -- about. Married since the role on ', 'week. ridiculous fireworks continued between Kim Kardashian and Chris Humphries on the second episode of  Kourtney and Kim take New York  living apart from. Which it was not the ideal situation but right now I think its work this best served ', 'continued between Kim Kardashian and Chris Humphries on the second episode of Kourtney and Kim take New York living apart from. Which it was not the ideal situation but right now I think its work this best served me and ', 'Kourtney Kardashian in recently got a chance to test her acting chops. While in New York City filming  Kourtney and Kim take New York  dashing and a lifelong fan of one life to live. Was asked to 8 PM on the so. Here is taken I just ', 'to test -- her acting chops. While in New York City filming Kourtney and Kim take New York -- dashing and a lifelong fan of one life to live. Was asked to -- 8 PM on the -- so. Here ']