['Rapids, Mich. Famous Birthdays 1929 Sergio Leone 1956 Mel Gibson 1975 Danica McKellar 1977 A.J. Burnett 1978  Kimberley Locke  1981 Eli Manning View more videos from This Month in History: January .', 'lifestyle consultants including fashion guru Tim Gunn, celebrity trainer Harley Pasternak and "American Idol" alum  Kimberley Locke . Susan Lucci, who has played Erica Kane for over four decades, may be the biggest star on "All My Children" and ', 'lifestyle consultants including fashion guru Tim Gunn, celebrity trainer Harley Pasternak and "American Idol" alum  Kimberley Locke . Before launching the shows, Frons said, ABC will pay respect to the two soap operas that have been part of its ', "downtown D.C. for the parade (April 4, 10 a.m.). This year's features performances by American Idol finalist  Kimberley Locke  and the cast of Broadway's Chicago. The Japanese Street Festival follows the parade and shows off everything from ", 'more open and more accepting and in an environment where you don\'t feel like such an outcast," he said. "I told  Kimberley Locke , who was a fellow contestant with me on \'Idol.\' She was the only person I\'d ever told and she kept it to herself ', 'base, Lythgoe says. "We\'d like to know where other people are. Where is (Season 2\'s third-place finisher)  Kimberley Locke ? What is Ruben doing?" Judging the judges Cowell says the guys will be the favorites to produce a winner this season ', 'came true for her, too. But, she says, "The fame isn\'t as important as the singing the fame is a bonus."  Kimberley Locke , from Hartsville, Tenn., was also in her early 20s. She had packed away her dream of singing and headed off to ', "Welcome back to what's the buzz  Kimberley Locke  has come along way since performing on American Idol. Recording star and reality TV Maines is joining ABC family with the revolution ", "Welcome back to what's the buzz Kimberley Locke has come along way since performing on American Idol. Recording star and reality TV Maines is joining ABC family with the revolution. ", "Turning out to American Idol we are joined by a very special guest singer Kimberly lock you may remember her from the second season of idol where she made the top three. Today she's joining us to give us her picks for season nine and to tell us about her new single strobe light Kimberly thanks so"]