['said. "Ones I\'ve met are passionate and wonderful. Every time I write a song, I hope it will speak to them."  Justin Guarini  The season 1 runner-up is still chugging along in showbiz, if not as lucratively as the contestant who bested him ', 'to act!" Kelly may still be scarred from her first acting experience: the universally-panned film " From Justin to Kelly ," which she and "American Idol" season one runner-up  Justin Guarini  were contractually obligated to make.', 'victorious. Or she could just as easily go the way of  Justin Guarini  and Diane DeGarmo. Remember them? Take a look at final and learn what happened to their career since:  Justin Guarini  While season one winner Clarkson became a household ', 'arguably the most successful show of all time, a triple-pirouette can\'t hold a candle to a Kelly Clarkson/ Justin Guarini  duet. Which show stole the No. 1 and 2 spots from "DWS" last week? "American Idol." "With \'American Idol ', 'is what happens to the runner-up? Will No. 2 go platinum like Clay Aiken or will he or she fall victim to the  Justin Guarini  curse? From silver medalist Nancy Kerrigan to former Vice President Al Gore to "The Bachelor\'s" Trista Rehn ', 'from any of the top contestants if they\'ll be willing to come to class. It\'s unclear if anyone has even seen  Justin Guarini  since his ill-fated movie "From Justin to Kelly: With Love." 3. Enter \'The Matrix\' of Philosophy Ready to ', "Justin Guarini 's leap to stardom began with the hit TV show American Idol, but the on the first season of the hit TV show, released his debut album,  Justin Guarini , last month. Plus, he and American Idol winner Kelly Clarkson starred ", "Justin Guarini  and Kelly Clarkson of American Idol fame say they're happy to share CD, Thankful, has gone platinum and Guarini's first CD, titled  Justin Guarini , was released just this week. The two teen idols also performed songs ", 'It all started with 10,000 pop-star wannabes, and then it was down to two:  Justin Guarini  and Kelly Clarkson, vying for the title of "American Idol" and a $1 million record deal. Guarini, 23, of Doylestown, Pa ', "talent search show. Wednesday's show revealed that viewers voted Nikki McKibbin out of the competition. That leaves  Justin Guarini , 23, of Doylestown, Pa., and Kelly Clarkson, 20, of Burleson, Texas, to compete for the idol title. The "]