["be a mistake it's it's so absurd it's almost like a reverse cash for clunkers . And and we. -- hey you know it's not gonna put us into bankruptcy but. I wonder because it's the foot in ", "and it's concerning look at you know. Four billion dollars poured into cash for clunkers is it is drop and that -- look at our investments in green this is where I am really concerned going through ", 'it ended up. Not being so you say the first -- -- cash for clunkers that of course was the government program that was designed to take. Bad. -- fuel -- efficient cars off the streets and ', 'under President Obama. None has ever made it to a floor vote. Cash for clunkers was apparently a clunker for the environment. Not recycling even though the automotive recyclers association says cars are almost completely recyclable. You magazine says of the program had recycled just metal and plastic it would have saved 24 million barrels of oil. The Department of Transportation. Deemed cash for clunkers -- success. Welfare recipients are taking out cash at New York strip clubs liquor stores and X rated shops and presumably. Spending ', "FDR he's got stimulus is that -- frank is that health reform cash for clunkers . Classroom -- white where the GM Chrysler that they lets you name it what we're seeing now is thirteen Democrats in the ", "do you buy that. That's the -- 10 PM and that's essentially cash for clunkers and it's all the stimulus programs. -- that failed notion Elizabeth -- if you give people money to spend it. That's gonna ", "the year ahead. Actually think -- it a little bit like the cash for clunkers program so we if you're thinking about buying a car. Then. -- maybe three months from now four months from now but ", "is that -- -- then we've. We've kind of replenished. Because -- cash for clunkers took away -- announced car. That's why the prices have been going up. You know what's the make -- -- -- -- make 2172. Dollars on the -- car -- only -- 676 dollars on a new car to have right that's your type -- so you know believe me you know and that's why you know picking cars off the market just had to hike the prices supply demand is so to a large degree a lot of people should be of so this cash for clunkers thing because -- -- -- -- To buy expensive used car. Well I have recurring payments that you didn't wanna have that ", "the administration. Starting in 2009 you know -- the temporary stimulus package cash for clunkers first time homebuyers -- -- on the payroll tax was short extension of -- overall tax and that's caused a huge amount ", 'Russia is planning its own  Cash for Clunkers  program, but would you really want to buy one of these new cars?Click here for a full report from FOX News Channel', 'The House voted 316-109 on Friday to rush an additional $2 billion into the so-called  Cash for Clunkers  program that rids gas-guzzling vehicles from U.S. roadways to make room for more fuel efficient models. Car owners can receive up to $4,500 for trading in their old vehicles under the federal program that started Monday. Here are some pluses -- and pitfalls -- of the Car Allowance Rebate System (CARS):']