['Jamie McMurray won the pole for Sunday\'s Toyota/Save Mart 350 after topping Marcos Ambrose in the Sprint Cup Series\' new qualifying format at Sonoma Raceway.McMurray posted a lap at 94.986 mph during Saturday\'s qualifying at this 1.99- mile road course in Northern California for his ninth career Sprint Cup pole but his first since March 2011 at Martinsville (81 races ago). He also won the pole at Sonoma in 2007.For the first time in the history of NASCAR\'s premier series, a group-based format was used in qualifying. The series will use this format for its two road-course races of the season (Sonoma and Watkins Glen, N.Y.). Teams qualified in groups instead of the traditional single-car runs used for the oval tracks.McMurray and Ambrose were among the five drivers who ran in group 8. The top- five finishers in Friday\'s practice at Sonoma made up the final group."I thought the qualifying format was really good," McMurray said. "You get to gap yourself from the guys who are in front of yo...', 'Tony Stewart said the last person he wanted to get involved in an on-track incident with at Watkins Glen International was Boris Said .Yet the owner/driver said he w...', 'One sports an unruly blond mop, spouts Latin aphorisms and loves to ride his bicycle. The other is a neat, newt-loving socialist who prefers to travel by subway. The...', 'One sports an unruly blond mop, spouts Latin aphorisms and loves to ride his bicycle. The other is a neat, newt-loving socialist who prefers to travel by subway.Thei...', 'One sports an unruly blond mop, spouts Latin aphorisms and loves to ride his bicycle. The other is a neat, newt-loving socialist who prefers to travel by subway.Thei...', 'The NASCAR Sprint Cup and Camping World Truck Series head to the Irish Hills of Michigan, while the Nationwide Series runs on a road course for the second weekend in...', 'Series: NASCAR Sprint Cup . Date: Sunday, mile oval. Start time: 1:00 p.m. (et). Laps: 200. Miles: 400. 2010 Winner: Kevin Harvick . Television: ESPN. Radio: Motor R...', 'Greg Biffle sat atop the Sprint Cup point standings for 11 consecutive races and now has been in third for two straight.If Biffle is concerned about being knocked fr...', "The last 901.5 miles at NASCAR's top level have been quick and clean, the kind of races where a team can tinker on the car the entire day and not worry about artific...", 'Scott Pruett will aim for the record books during the 50th anniversary of the Rolex 24 at Daytona.Pruett, a four-time Rolex 24 winner, will try to tie Hurley Haywood...', "The last 901.5 miles at NASCAR's top level have been quick and clean, the kind of races where a team can tinker on the car the entire day and not worry about artific...", 'Boris Said touched off a wild crash that ended the Sprint Cup road race at Watkins Glen International . He was looking to wreak some more havoc off the track afterwa...', 'Series: NASCAR Nationwide. Date: Saturday, mile, 14-turn road course. Start time: 2:30 p.m. (et). Laps: 74. Miles: 200.46. 2010 Winner: Boris Said . Television: ESPN...', 'Boris Said is committed to running the first five races in 2010 and will announce his sponsorship for the Daytona 500 on Saturday.Said, who is driving the No. 94 Tur...', 'NASCAR Nationwide Series veteran Justin Allgaier thriving despite major overhaul to team', "Justin Allgaier started the season with a new car, a new crew chief and a relatively new pit crew.The changes haven't led to a victory just yet for the veteran NASCA...", 'Above all else, Kurt Busch is a true wheelman. And like most racers, he likes to drive anything and everything with four wheels. Tuesday at the Circuit of The Americ...', 'Sam Hornish Jr. is starting to get the hang of this stock car stuff.In his first stock car start at Circuit Gilles Villeneuve on Saturday, Hornish, who qualified sec...', "Following a NASCAR driver to try to get a post-race comment can make you feel pretty stupid, but it's a necessary part of being a reporter.After contact with Brad Ke..."]