['don\'t leave her in peace. Reality Tea Kim Kardashian One website dug very deeply into an episode of " Kourtney and Kim Take New York " and say they now have proof that the show is not-so-much reality TV. The Bald Barbie Movement An ', 'Superbowl ad campaign to a dog, and now, this: The shocking allegation that her namesake reality show, " Kourtney and Kim Take New York ," is staged. Gasp. The horror. The website Reality Tea dug deep into a scene from the E! show that ', 'thing that may have driven the couple apart. In the current season of Kardashian\'s reality show, " Kourtney and Kim Take New York ," the couple is seen living apart just weeks into their marriage, with Humphries returning home to ', 'Network ratings records. The Kardashians\' three spinoff shows -- "Kourtney and Khloe Take Miami," " Kourtney and Kim Take New York " and "Khloe & Lamar" -- are huge hits, too. And the sisters, who have more than 15 million followers ', 'Kardashian Mom Kris Jenner Talks About Getting Paid by Her Kids and Changing Her Name', 'clan, Jenner has used those family TV shows -- which also include "Kourtney and Khloe Take Miami," " Kourtney and Kim Take New York " and "Khloe & Lamar" -- to brand, promote and commoditize her children. Kourtney, Kim, Khloe and ', 'season. The Kardashian sisters are no strangers to violence either. On their recent reality show, " Kourtney and Kim Take New York ," Scott Disick, Kourtney Kardashian\'s boyfriend and father of their young son Mason, was shown on ', "Kim Kardashian's Marriage to Kris Humphries Revealed in 'Kourtney and Kim Take New York' Premiere", "the relationship that can hurt our scene and Chris Humphries go Ka boom so. On the season premiere of  Kourtney and Kim take New York . clean the gym is a classic overreact. If that's the worst thing that happens. And now former couple ", "and Chris Humphries go Ka boom so. On the season premiere of Kourtney and Kim take New York . -- -- clean the gym is a classic overreact. If that's the worst thing that happens. And now former couple providing a ", 'husband Chris Humphries are splitting up. Humphries will not be edited out of the upcoming reality show  Kourtney and Kim take New York . And the trailer does not tried to hide the tension between take a look. November 27 to examine today ', "up. Humphries will not be edited out of the upcoming reality show Kourtney and Kim take New York . And the trailer does not tried to hide the tension between take a look. November 27 to examine today it's. To me ", "and you're going to Italy for just a few days and Girardi back in NYC now. Because cannot do tapes he's into it  Kourtney Kim take New York . Hides it you can listen you gotta keep the paychecks if you're going to be and those kinds of the wedding bells ", "back in NYC now. Because cannot do -- tapes he's into it Kourtney Kim take New York . Hides it you can listen you gotta keep the paychecks -- if you're going to be and those kinds of the -- ", "wondering why the couple couldn't go the distance. There might just be some clues in the upcoming season of  Kourtney and Kim take New York . I care about Forty AT MC booked a flight to Minnesota very last minute and there were no reality shows ", 'distance. There might just be some clues in the upcoming season of Kourtney and Kim take New York . -- I care about -- Forty AT MC -- booked a flight to Minnesota very last minute and there were no reality ', "off guard. There are reports the world's most infamous break up could bring the upcoming season of  Kourtney and Kim take New York . To a halt it's not meant to me it's to me it's not every fairy tale. But he entertainment tells ", "the world's most infamous break up could bring the upcoming season of Kourtney and Kim take New York . To a halt it's not meant to me it's to me it's not every fairy tale. But he entertainment tells -- made ", 'considering wife of just 72 days for. Ten million dollars because he believes that his role on the show  Kourtney and Kim take New York . Is bigger than he was originally told that would be wants more money for about. Married since the role ', 'Ten million dollars because he believes that his role on the show Kourtney and Kim take New York . Is bigger than he was originally told that would be -- wants more money for -- about. Married since the role on ', 'week. ridiculous fireworks continued between Kim Kardashian and Chris Humphries on the second episode of  Kourtney and Kim take New York  living apart from. Which it was not the ideal situation but right now I think its work this best served ', 'continued between Kim Kardashian and Chris Humphries on the second episode of Kourtney and Kim take New York living apart from. Which it was not the ideal situation but right now I think its work this best served me and ']