['Wanya Morris of Boyz II Men is 40. Actor Stephen Dorff is 40. Country singer James Otto is 40. Actor  Josh Radnor  (" How I Met Your Mother ") is 39. Musician Danger Mouse of Gnarls Barkley is 36. Actress Allison Mack ("Smallville") is 31 ', 'again this year, and, in a surprise, Emmy host  Neil Patrick Harris . He filled in for "House of Cards" actress Kate crying," Harris said. An in-demand emcee, the " How I Met Your Mother " star earned a bid for hosting Broadway\'s Tony ', 'Spotted Around Town: Victoria Beckham Celebrates Her Birthday, Neil Patrick Harris  Has Drinks With Friends-And More!', 'Michelle Williams and  Jason Segel  have reportedly parted ways. (PacificCoastNews filming commitments in Los Angeles, where he shoots " How I Met Your Mother ." Though the stars rarely acknowledged their relationship ', 'Actress  Alyson Hannigan  has obtained a temporary restraining order against a man she says posting messages about her online. Hannigan stars in the hit sitcom " How I Met Your Mother ," and also starred in the cult hit TV series "Buffy the Vampire ', 'comedy films including "There\'s Something About Mary" and "Scary Movie 2." He recently guest starred on " How I Met Your Mother " as Mickey Aldrin and he starred in last year\'s "The Dictator" alongside Sacha Baron Cohen. The actor currently ', 'was known as the second Becky Conner-Healy on "Roseanne." Since "Scrubs," she has made appearances on " How I Met Your Mother " and "Cougar Town," which is produced by former "Scrubs" executive producer Bill Lawrence. Chalke, 36 ', 'told "Access Hollywood."  Alyson Hannigan  After her breakout role as Buffy\'s Buffy the Vampire Slayer,"  Alyson Hannigan  was cast as band camp geek Michelle Lily in the hit CBS sitcom " How I Met Your Mother ." Hannigan married her "Buffy ', 'during the six years she was married to Tom Cruise. (Highlights include "The Kennedys" miniseries and a turn on " How I Met Your Mother " as a "Slutty Pumpkin.") So she\'s pretty pumped about returning to Broadway next month in "Dead Accounts ', 'Wipeout" on ABC. She has also appeared on a number of TV series, including NBC\'s "30 Rock" and CBS\' " How I Met Your Mother ." The couple wed last summer, and revealed in June that they were expecting.', 'Church of Scientology: Who Is Nazanin Boniadi, the Actress Linked to Tom Cruise?', 'Barney Stinson, the womanizing character played by  Neil Patrick Harris  on the popular CBS sitcom " How I Met Your Mother ." Boniadi also had supporting roles in box office ', "Diaz, What to Expect When You're Expecting  Alyson Hannigan , American Reunion Jennifer Lopez, What to Burrell, Modern Family Chris Colfer, Glee  Neil Patrick Harris ,  How I Met Your Mother  Ashton Kutcher, Two And a Half Men Jim Parsons ", "Jane By Design, My Boys, Gilmore Girls Shonda Rhimes Scandal, Grey's Anatomy, Private Practice  Bob Saget  Full House,  How I Met Your Mother , America's Funniest Home Videos David Schwimmer Friends Ryan Seacrest American Idol, Keeping Up ", 'stalker scare for the star of " how I met your mother ," allisyson hannig hannigan. She and her husband getting death threats from a man just out of the mental hospital with a legal ', 'stalker scare for the star of " how I met your mother ," allisyson hannig hannigan. She and her husband getting death threats from a man just out of the mental hospital with a legal ', 'thought you were going to get it out of her. But here is  josh radnor , starring in a new film, "liberal art," who goes back romantic thing? You\'re kidding. Oh, my god. Come here. And  josh radnor  joins us now. They say write what you know. This is inspired ', 'you were going to get it out of her. But here is josh radnor , starring in a new film, "liberal art," who goes back to his old college and falls into a complicated love. Take a ', "like, a romantic thing? You're kidding. Oh, my god. Come here. And josh radnor joins us now. They say write what you know. This is inspired to a trip back to your college, kenyon. I went ", "that interview that we did with Josh at Sundance in just a minute and he'll tell us even about He weekly series  how I met your mother  thing that got him. The attention of people so that He could make this movie but first let's take a look at this ", "a minute and he'll tell us even about He -- weekly series how I met your mother -- thing that got him. The attention of people so that He could make this movie but first let's take a look ", 'her famous love interest offscreen, her major love interest on screen was the girlfriend for  neil patrick harris \' character on " how I met your mother ." The now 32-year-old starlet played opposite george clooney in a european commercial for ', 'interest offscreen, her major love interest on screen was the girlfriend for neil patrick harris\' character on " how I met your mother ." The now 32-year-old starlet played opposite george clooney in a european commercial for spresso. But boniadi is not talking publicly. Nor did ', 'of a-list celebrities, from jerry seinfeld. Obviously, we\'re not prepared. Reporter: " How I met your mother " funny man,  neil patrick harris . Kim kardashian, and crooner, josh groban, all sat in that seat vacant by regis, on the show ', 'dozen of a-list celebrities, from jerry seinfeld. Obviously, we\'re not prepared. Reporter: " How I met your mother " funny man, neil patrick harris . Kim kardashian, and crooner, josh groban, all sat in that seat vacant by regis, on the show he made synonymous with morning ', "forty years. Wow that's amazing that is so. In addition to this you're still continuing your day job with  How I Met Your Mother  absolutely yeah I'm very very impressed thirty years whether for thirty years the map but yes and since the original ", "so. In addition to this you're still continuing your day job with How I Met Your Mother absolutely yeah I'm very very impressed thirty years whether -- -- for thirty years -- the map but yes and since the ", "down on the CBS hit comedy  How I Met Your Mother . And we're so let me be today by none other than Josh  How I Met Your Mother  is thanks and for joining exactly. Doesn't that is out  How I Met Your Mother  people haven't seen it well ", "of life. -- the dating Tuesday down on the CBS hit comedy How I Met Your Mother . And we're so let me be joined today by none other than Josh -- How I Met Your Mother is -- -- -- -- -- -- thanks and -- for joining me. That reformist starter -- act act is so many to so many ladies out there in the dream got your character -- it's the ultimate romantic had a dream yes well. Just like that real life right you know. Oh. I don't know we look we look alike. I don't know -- we're we're not exactly. Doesn't that is out How I Met Your Mother -- -- people haven't seen it well it's framed as a flashback from the future. There these teenage children in the year 2035. And you hear -- -- -- their father He says kids and -- a story of How I Met Your Mother . Way back in 200520062007. So that's when it -- 2005. And so he's basically he's -- we see. This father telling all ", "I can't put -- -- and you can check out yet is How I Met Your Mother which airs on -- At 8:30 PM on CBS -- -- on the by the we have seen today that make sure "]