['the New York Times reported that Lynch promised "to be the very best parent I can be," and "to do my best to get her \' iCarly \' tickets." A call to Lynch\'s rep has not been returned.', 'shows, like " iCarly " and "Wizards Kaley Cuoco,  Miranda Cosgrove , Neil Patrick Charlie" " iCarly " "Victorious Favorite TV Actress  Miranda Cosgrove , " iCarly " Selena Gomez Favorite Villain  Reed Alexander , " iCarly', 'Your Mother Ashton Kutcher, Two And a Half Men Jim Parsons, The Big Bang Theory Choice TV Actress: Comedy  Miranda Cosgrove ,  iCarly  Kaley Cuoco, The Big Bang Theory Zooey Deschanel, New Girl Lea Michele, Glee Sofia Vergara, Modern Family ', '13-year-old Spencir, who followed his father into acting, appearing the 2007 film "Daddy Day Camp" as well as an episode of " iCarly ." "We have a child and we both have his best interests at heart and know this is best for him and us thank you all for ', "Colbert's on This Week, 'Pastor in Chief', DeMint's Empathy Test, Obama's Amazing Technicolor Commerce Department (PM Note)", "A at a place called the Squat n Gobble in South Carolina. http://abcn.ws/zMCWFJ Michelle Obama Makes Cameo in ' iCarly ' - http://abcn.ws/yz2z1I Candidate Hides the 'Home' in Home Economics Degree - http://abcn.ws/yfiKP4", 'here for the premier of a new episode of Nickelodeon\'s " iCarly " that features her. The cameo and screening were billed first lady later told the audience that she regularly watches  iCarly  with her daughters and saw appearing in the show as a good ', "Half Men 3. The Simpsons 4. Family Guy 5. South Park 6. Grey's Anatomy 7. SpongeBob SquarePants 8. CSI: Miami 9.  iCarly  10. The Big Bang Theory Musicians 1. Rihanna 2. Bob Marley 3. Avril Lavigne 4. David Guetta 5. Enrique Iglesias 6 ", 'the grilled cheese is the best thing to happen to two pieces of bread since the invention of the sandwich.  iCarly  actor  Reed Alexander  determined that the classic sandwich, while delicious, was missing some essential elements. So, he invented ', 'teens and the tweens who follow them in lock step. "The girls that (teens and tweens) are looking up to,  Miranda Cosgrove  (" iCarly "), Victoria Justice ("Victorious"), Selena Gomez ("Wizards of Waverly Place"), these are teen stars ', "blockbuster. And the star of the show a seventeen year old  Miranda Cosgrove  is now and comic figure for many about children. So who because tell your kids you watched an interview with her.  Miranda Cosgrove  who played a kid sister back then. Now she's I the story ", 'ratings blockbuster. And the star of the show a seventeen year old Miranda Cosgrove is now and -- comic figure for many about children. So who machine and why is the show such a success. John ', "the moment because tell your kids you watched an interview with her. Miranda Cosgrove who played a kid sister back then. -- -- Now she's -- I -- the story of a sixteen year old girl ", "Miranda Cosgrove  gives ABC's John Donvan a tour of the funky set, dressing room."]