['Drug store products to fast food: Kyle Richards goes beyond "The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills."', "So happy to have  Kyle Richards  back here to welcome thinking and how are you all doing how is Kim she's doing really well she's wrong in. Moving forward ", "So happy to have Kyle Richards back here to welcome thinking and how are you all doing how is Kim she's doing really well she's wrong in. Moving ", "four on the real  housewives  of Beverly Hills to talk about  Kyle Richards  she's here the of the real  housewives . Get a reality about the real  housewives  of Beverly Hills reality the show is  Kyle Richards . There's something ", "her as the glamorous wife and mother of four on the real housewives of Beverly Hills to talk about Kyle Richards she's here live with us this morning to help you start. The new year with style -- -- new book it is called life is not. A reality show which he shared his secret to looking great and I'm little when she found her in the first a look at the latest in the -- of the real housewives . Get a reality series about extravagance style and drama. The Beverly Hills edition of the real housewives did not disappoint. The show features six sexy and strong willed socialize. Living in the -- -- -- Among them Kyle -- ", "yet. -- -- Israel joining us now talk more about the real housewives of Beverly Hills and her new book which is called -- is not a reality -- the show is Kyle Richards . There's something good to see a key thing you know you have it'd be -- did have special news we did my ", "guest is just fat and  Kyle Richards  puts the real in real  housewives  of Beverly Hills she's ride. I'm the real  housewives  of Beverly Hills it just as turbulent.  Kyle Richards  the supernova the  housewives  known for her loving ", "same sentence but in fact our next guest is just fat and Kyle Richards puts the real in real housewives of Beverly Hills she's a -- -- four. She's the author of a book called life is not a reality shell. And on that show she has been dealing with some very real reelect -- So I don't stop you yeah an alcoholic. So yeah yeah yeah. Yeah. Everybody knows it's the ongoing saga that has -- -- reality TV viewers ever since that limo ride. I'm the real housewives of Beverly Hills it is a tale of two sisters with a relationship that's deeply close yet just as turbulent. Kyle Richards the supernova the housewives known for her loving husband -- CO and their brood of Beverly Hills children. And her older sister Kim who is seemed to struggle on the show and rumors substance abuse gossip about at every turn. And it. But now the speculation is over -- in the explosive real housewives of Beverly Hills three part reunion which begins airing next week. Kim -- admit for the first time why she went to rehab can you tell us what you sought treatment for. Yes I had -- -- -- -- Before the housewives of Beverly Hills that most people -- the Richards as -- to Paris and Nicky Hilton. The daughters of Kim and Kyle sister Kathy who is not featured on the show. It's the housewives franchise which made them both into household names -- the sisters were show biz veterans a long before. Raised in Hollywood Kim ", 'be the secret to a happy family.  Kyle Richards  star brought those real  housewives  of Beverly Hills and wound to Or Every month it seems unlikely that  Kyle Richards  could be a real  housewife  and run a tranquil You could give ', 'Could this really be the secret to a happy family. -- -- Kyle Richards star brought those real housewives of Beverly Hills and -- wound to -- -- Or is this a secret sweating it out with my three sons -- ', 'Reporter: Is it possible for a star of bravo\'s "real  housewives  of beverly hills," to create a happy family? How a wife. That\'s what I do number one. Reporter:  Kyle richards  is clearly in tune with her four daughters. Farah ', 'family\'s chaos. Reporter: Is it possible for a star of bravo\'s "real housewives of beverly hills," to create a happy family? How real could your family life be when you\'re a reality show star? I mean, very real. I know how real it is. I\'m a mom. I\'m a wife. That\'s what I do number one. Reporter: Kyle richards is clearly in tune with her four daughters. Farah, alex ya, sofia. She\'s a crazy driver. Reporter: And porsche. She and husband ', 'is what made the real  housewives  of New Jersey so good third season on the real  housewives  of New Jersey says made mention of them.  Kyle Richards  knows that sentiment signed up for the real  housewives  of Beverly Hills sibling ', "Host baptismal brawl is courtesy of this season premiere of the real housewives of New Jersey. One of the hottest reality shows around. -- changing the television landscape. Hosts started it all back in 2006. Offering a peek inside the lives of ladies who lunch with the real housewives of Orange County. It was kind of fee. Sort of ripped off a Desperate Housewives meets like Laguna Beach mansion to the apple tracks news to -- before swept Manson. Kind of you know lots of breast. But when you started scratching below the surface they word somehow really humid Bravo executive Andy Cohen is rolled out more than when He reality shows including Project Runway top chef in -- you'll housewives . What would even say -- to sell some you know well it was interesting because we looked at it and said there's a modern day. Soap opera here about life in a gated community. Let's focus on five of these women and it was called the real housewives . Yeah. My boss said let's call it the real housewives of Orange County in case we ever do this in another city. I -- this is ridiculous this is never gonna happen in another city. -- -- Two years later is a real housewives of New York made their debut. It was less luxury. More -- sites. I'm coming days. Visit the real housewives of Atlanta cranked up the crazy and became ratings gold. I'm guilty pleasure viewers just couldn't turn away from. But why are ", "life is not so bad. The ban is what made the real housewives of New Jersey so good. -- and I think that's the table that -- was the first time that we actually saw ", "of issue on Caroline -- starting her third season on the real housewives of New Jersey says. Trashy behavior often provides a teachable moment. Okay when I pledging garbage and that -- garbage. It's it's a tremendous gift. To be able to see yourself from the outside looking in as others see you -- -- -- ran out how to integrate yeah because then you see among. Maybe I was too harsh and made mention of them. Kyle Richards knows that sentiment too well. She signed up for the real housewives of Beverly Hills -- sibling rivalry to the mix with her sister Kim why you bring up. And -- election. -- I "]