["grows toward the now seemingly inevitable announcement that  Ashley Judd  will take on Sen. Mitch McConnell, it's hard to figure defensive dollar diverted to Kentucky in 2014 is a dollar  missing  from efforts to chip away at the Democratic majority. ABC's ", 'Cantatore/Getty Images After over a decade of marriage,  Ashley Judd  and her husband, the racing driver Dario Franchitti, are divorcing. The decision to split by the 44-year-old star of " Missing " and the 39-year-old Indy 500 winner was first reported ', 'the Democratic Convention? Any scavenger hunt items we\'re  missing ? Add them to the comments section or tweet them to @ABC Seinfeld"), "Moulin Rouge" actor John Leguizamo, actress  Ashley Judd , singer Wil.i.am and "Harold and Kumar" actor Kal Penn ', 'Ashley Judd  slammed the media in an essay for the Daily Beast for raking her appearance and used words like "cow" and "pig" to describe her. While the " Missing " actress wrote that she had learned to ignore the media\'s coverage ', "Ashley Judd  Keeps a 'Psychological Support' Dog to Help Deal With Her Depression", 'Harris and Erin Brady report:  Ashley Judd , who has reemerged in a new role television series on ABC called " Missing ," opened up about dealing with Watch the full interview with  Ashley Judd  on " Nightline " TONIGHT at 11 ', "boil over by the time we reach Bristol in March. 6)  Ashley Judd  Her husband, Dario Franchitti, is a member of this year's I'm going to need to see some ID, dude One name  missing  from our list above is 17-year-old wunderkind Joey ", "relationship with her little sister, actress  Ashley Judd . Wynonna and her mother, Naomi Judd hindsight. Back then, the fact that I was  missing  school didn't concern me. I was living 1979, despite the fact that Ashley was  missing  us more and more, and the Ciminellas ", 'wartime leadership but use the  missing  explosives to argue for the Iowa for Bush and Cheney.  Ashley Judd  and Julia Louis-Dreyfus back-and-forth over the  missing  explosives yesterday on the Anne Lewis, and actresses  Ashley Judd , Julia Louis-Dreyfus ', 'Kiss the Girls, which also starred Freeman as Cross. Since Spider is set before Girls,  Ashley Judd  and her kick-boxing doctor character were  missing  from the new film. Taking over the female lead in Spider is the lesser-known Monica Potter ', 'Kiss the Girls, which also starred Freeman as Cross. Since Spider is set before Girls,  Ashley Judd  and her kick-boxing doctor character were  missing  from the new film. Taking over the female lead in Spider is the lesser-known Monica Potter ', 'Kiss the Girls, which also starred Freeman as Cross. Since Spider is set before Girls,  Ashley Judd  and her kick-boxing doctor character were  missing  from the new film. Taking over the female lead in Spider is the lesser-known Monica Potter ', 'starred Freeman as Cross. Sequel to Spy Kids in the Works Since Spider is set before Girls,  Ashley Judd  (and her kickboxing doctor character) was  missing  from the new film. Taking over the female lead in Spider is the lesser known Monica Potter ', 'Kiss The Girls, which also starred Freeman as Cross. Since Spider is set before Girls,  Ashley Judd  (and her kickboxing doctor character) was  missing  from the new film. Taking over the female lead in Spider is the lesser known Monica Potter ', 'Let\'s start with  ashley judd . The hollywood star poised to take Ashley? Thank you. Reporter:  Ashley judd , famous for getting herself into acting, starring in the abc drama " missing ." I am not cia, I am a mother ', 'harvard, dipped her toe back into acting, starring in the abc drama " missing ." I am not cia, I am a mother, looking for her son. Reporter: She insisted her two dogs and five cats be ', 'And we\'re back with  ashley judd  and what could be her biggest Reporter: On abc\'s " missing ," she\'s known for attacking heels of a tricky divorce,  ashley judd  is under a different kind of attack.  Ashley judd , an obama-following ', 'And we\'re back with ashley judd and what could be her biggest role to date. She could be gearing up for a run for senate. Things are shaping up in washington, and targets of a new ad. Paula faris has the latest. Reporter: On abc\'s " missing ," she\'s known for attacking bad guys head-on. Now, on the heels of a tricky divorce, ashley judd is under a different kind of attack. Ashley judd , an obama-following radical liberal. Reporter: After judd ran for senate in her home state of kentucky, that would take mitch McCONNELL HEAD ', "Ashley Judd  is a on our mission in the new TV show  missing . Becker wins stones really high hopes her  missing  I hope audiences think they've got  Ashley Judd  thank you so much show it's called  missing  and it debuts on ", "Ashley Judd is a -- on our mission in the new TV show missing . Becker wins stones teenage son is gone missing while traveling abroad but that she is not about to stay on the sidelines. Agent when stone Mason -- not agents' names ", "quick down because you are. You've captured the premise of the show. Missing is pretty different and that it's only ten episodes and each of those episodes is set in a spectacular. European locations so ", "might want my next academic advisor -- be. And that's actually why missing . In addition to -- creatively and being such a phenomenal show was a good fit for me the ten episodes are about ", "her son's. While a fierce  Ashley Judd  playing the world's ultimate helicopter among the new ABC  missing  lucky hadn't. Thanks for Ex CIA but has to find her  missing  son. Well when the show's nightmare comes true my son goes  missing  while studying in Europe ", "-- I am a mother looking for her son's. While a fierce Ashley Judd playing the world's ultimate helicopter among the new ABC -- missing lucky hadn't. Thanks for coming in thank you so much for hating and -- are you a fan and Kentucky wildcat it is the first they have March -- I don't mean not to dress up for you this is my version of dress up. I am -- well -- -- I have been on this entire press Stuart -- loved watching you swab brackets with Tiger Woods just before the break. Not necessarily like his bracket now you can -- -- -- we'll find out who wins believe got to hear more about this you'll bet the Winston. Ex CIA but has to find her missing son. Well when the show's pre. Gators came to me I felt -- was a very complete. Dynamic and complex person I'm. A mother I've overcome great tragedy I finally got this safe lovely life that I have fought so hard to make for myself. I don't want anything to do with my former way of life I think I'm actually quite ashamed of it. And yet when a mother's worst nightmare comes true my son goes missing while studying in Europe. I have to try to find him and then reluctantly reconnect with that whole world using. You know ", "Ashley Judd  has long been one of America's brand new TV series called  missing . The road hasn't always interview. After watching  Ashley Judd  And shooting. Bad guys in the new ABC show  missing  this was a position in which ", "-- Ashley Judd has long been one of America's sweethearts. In fact she was once one of the highest paid women in Hollywood. Now after stints in rehab and -- Harvard she's landed a brand new TV series called missing . The road hasn't always been easy as she tells ABC's Dan Harris in tonight's Nightline interview. After watching Ashley Judd -- And shooting. Bad guys in the new ABC show missing this was a position in which I did not hope to find myself about to get punched by her. But I just miss you -- you turn. Without himself to Paris. -- actually defeated. -- -- Missing is about an ex CIA agent a mom whose son has been kidnapped. -- and not CIA I am a mother looking ", 'Ashley Judd  is Smart she knows how to write in she is using that talent against critics she appeared here on Good Morning America to promote her new ABC show  missing . Right away radar online attack saying she looked puffy and like she ', 'appeared here on Good Morning America to promote her new ABC show missing . Right away radar online attack saying she looked puffy and like she had bad plastic surgery. They talked a plastic surgeon who ']