['starring in alongside Vanessa Williams. In the film, which opens March 29, Kardashian plays Ava, assistant to  millionaire matchmaker  Janice, who is played by Williams. The film tells the story of a young, married woman who is tempted into ', 'Patti Stanger  is the host of Bravo\'s " Millionaire Matchmaker " and a self-proclaimed love and marriage laid out in her book, \'Become Your Own  Matchmaker ." WATCH: \' Millionaire Matchmaker \' Tips for Finding Love Now the reality ', 'home-cooked meals a week or the wife loses her shopping allowance in New Jersey,"  Patti Stanger , the host of the Bravo TV reality show " Millionaire Matchmaker " told the Post, adding that another client signed an agreement that she would ', "'Millionaire Matchmaker'  Client, Convicted Fraudster, Sentenced to Federal Prison", 'ABC Michael Prozer III , who once appeared on the reality TV show "The  Millionaire Matchmaker  " and later pleaded guilty to federal fraud charges, has been sentenced to eight years in federal prison. Prozer appeared on ', 'A supposed mega-millionaire hotshot who appeared on the Bravo television series "The  Millionaire Matchmaker " has been exposed as a Tampa, Fla.-based scam artist after federal prosecutors blew the whistle on him as a fraudster, leading ', 'Date" eight years ago. She did two seasons there and went on to cast a variety of shows including Bravo\'s " Millionaire Matchmaker ," "Clean House" and a dating show on BET. She recently cast for a new Bravo show called "The Therapist ', 'Potestivo comes in. He is a casting director for reality shows such as "The Real Housewives of New Jersey" and " Millionaire Matchmaker ." "I think that there is a sense of entitlement that a lot of people have," he said. "As a reality casting ', 'are CSI: NY and Late Show With David Letterman (CBS), Bones and Prison Break (Fox), 30 Rock (NBC),  Millionaire Matchmaker  (Bravo), The Hills and Real World (MTV), and Dora the Explorer (Nickelodeon). In addition to those channels ', 'them that their ghost-hunting equipment "would all be a write-off" and that TurboTax can help. In the  Millionaire Matchmaker  ad, Eisen tells a young woman that medical costs, should she meet an elderly millionaire,could qualify for ', 'others on her  matchmaker  show. Last night That\'s my job.  Patti stanger  is known for her show "the  millionaire matchmaker " all with a and welcome the  millionaire matchmaker patti stanger  and her boyfriend ', 'chatting here with tv\'s most famous matchmaker . Can\'t get enough of watch patti stanger find love for others on her matchmaker show. Last night she introduced us to the new man in her life, david krause. We\'ll talk to them in their first live interview ever together but first a look at their story. Love, everyone wants it but not everybody finds it. That\'s my job. Patti stanger is known for setting up well-to-do singles on her show "the millionaire matchmaker " all with a heavy dose of straight talk and tough love. Meet my millionaire! With a little tough love -- are you ', 'of money on me. Everybody loves a love story and welcome the millionaire matchmaker patti stanger and her boyfriend david krause. Welcome to "good morning america." Thanks. Thanks for having us. I love this story because you\'ve helped ', 'be watching that finale. What a tease. Check it out on bravo " millionaire matchmaker ." Get patti\'s tips on how to avoid the top five mistakes people make on first dates. ', "We are so happy to have  millionaire matchmaker  an author of become your go go and what we wishing  millionaire matchmaker  in Manhattan. I hadn't of course well Levy from  millionaire matchmaker  they've been talking about ", "We are so happy to have millionaire matchmaker an author of become your own matchmaker Patti stay here with us today. -- welcome to the -- thanks for being here thanks for having me. I took first dog to take a look at yourself you'll look fabulous how much weight into -- Lawson explained pounds on -- It diet doesn't want me to stay different -- it was a -- -- that worked and most diets don't work for me I'm always on the go go and what we wishing millionaire matchmaker in Manhattan. I hadn't had time to exercise because we work like ten of fourteen hours a day so cents a really ", "at exactly okay now of course well -- Levy from -- -- millionaire matchmaker they've been talking about it. Veterans dying for some tips on how to land your perfect -- so I mean the first ", "Turnout to  millionaire matchmaker Patti stanger  she stopped at nothing to matchmaking empire and help people thanks for joining me. That you treat your third generation  matchmaker  it's essentially in your blood yet to my glad my and ", "Turnout to millionaire matchmaker Patti stanger she stopped at nothing to -- matchmaking empire and help people find love. Patti joins us now to talk about the third season ever hit show and give us a matchmaking tips of -- -- -- great to studio thanks for joining me. That you treat your third generation matchmaker it's essentially in your blood yet to my glad my -- -- and my mother did it back come in New Jersey. ", "tough talk and forest behind  millionaire matchmaker  the to anger is finding And with her hit show  millionaire matchmaker . She's helped hundreds Chris you can check out  millionaire matchmaker  I'm rob Tuesday night ", "She is that tough talk and forest behind millionaire matchmaker the -- to anger is finding success in both business. And with her hit show millionaire matchmaker . She's helped hundreds of men find the lab that they are looking for. Do we still have to be joined by Patti she judges from our Los Angeles -- and patty thanks for being here. Thanks for inviting me so first how -- -- start in the matchmaking business. -- -- actually started in seventh grade believing that I fixed up my best friend at a dance. And then I also come from -- Lana matchmaker is my grandmother and my mother they used to do it for the local temple in teachers and so I haven't in ", "AK EMI -- joining us today. -- Chris you can check out millionaire matchmaker I'm rob Tuesday night at 109 -- That's on pleasantly happy today that make sure to check -- -- on demand. The ", 'estimated mostly my network core of tell us that it was Michael frozen as the introduction team for reality show  millionaire matchmaker  and I have the right chemistry. Pros the father of two young boys seem to be a man who had everything except ', 'it was Michael frozen as the introduction team for -- reality show millionaire matchmaker and I have the right chemistry. Pros -- the father of two young boys seem to be a man who had everything ', 'that after five months. And I admire you may remember women justice talisman consulates.  Patti stanger  is the no nonsense star of  millionaire matchmaker  now in its fourth season. With 30000 women waiting to be paired up with your tycoons ', 'months. And I admire you may remember women justice talisman consulates. -- Patti stanger is the no nonsense star of millionaire matchmaker now in its fourth season. With 30000 women waiting to be paired up with your tycoons. -- still less to pump up ', "packet and against the wall and have mad passionate love to you in your office bathroom. Reality TV's  millionaire matchmaker Patti stanger  says women believe that sexiest man alive are genuine guys good with their hands. I like the rugged ", "passionate love to you in your office bathroom. -- -- Reality TV's millionaire matchmaker Patti stanger says women believe that sexiest man alive are genuine guys -- good with their hands. I like the rugged type -- when "]