["A man who's been accused of harassing the actress has been released from a mental hospital.", 'thought you were going to get it out of her. But here is  josh radnor , starring in a new film, "liberal art," who goes back romantic thing? You\'re kidding. Oh, my god. Come here. And  josh radnor  joins us now. They say write what you know. This is inspired ', 'you were going to get it out of her. But here is josh radnor , starring in a new film, "liberal art," who goes back to his old college and falls into a complicated love. Take a ', "like, a romantic thing? You're kidding. Oh, my god. Come here. And josh radnor joins us now. They say write what you know. This is inspired to a trip back to your college, kenyon. I went ", "that interview that we did with Josh at Sundance in just a minute and he'll tell us even about He weekly series  how I met your mother  thing that got him. The attention of people so that He could make this movie but first let's take a look at this ", "a minute and he'll tell us even about He -- weekly series how I met your mother -- thing that got him. The attention of people so that He could make this movie but first let's take a look ", 'her famous love interest offscreen, her major love interest on screen was the girlfriend for  neil patrick harris \' character on " how I met your mother ." The now 32-year-old starlet played opposite george clooney in a european commercial for ', 'interest offscreen, her major love interest on screen was the girlfriend for neil patrick harris\' character on " how I met your mother ." The now 32-year-old starlet played opposite george clooney in a european commercial for spresso. But boniadi is not talking publicly. Nor did ', 'of a-list celebrities, from jerry seinfeld. Obviously, we\'re not prepared. Reporter: " How I met your mother " funny man,  neil patrick harris . Kim kardashian, and crooner, josh groban, all sat in that seat vacant by regis, on the show ', 'dozen of a-list celebrities, from jerry seinfeld. Obviously, we\'re not prepared. Reporter: " How I met your mother " funny man, neil patrick harris . Kim kardashian, and crooner, josh groban, all sat in that seat vacant by regis, on the show he made synonymous with morning ', "forty years. Wow that's amazing that is so. In addition to this you're still continuing your day job with  How I Met Your Mother  absolutely yeah I'm very very impressed thirty years whether for thirty years the map but yes and since the original ", "so. In addition to this you're still continuing your day job with How I Met Your Mother absolutely yeah I'm very very impressed thirty years whether -- -- for thirty years -- the map but yes and since the ", "down on the CBS hit comedy  How I Met Your Mother . And we're so let me be today by none other than Josh  How I Met Your Mother  is thanks and for joining exactly. Doesn't that is out  How I Met Your Mother  people haven't seen it well ", "of life. -- the dating Tuesday down on the CBS hit comedy How I Met Your Mother . And we're so let me be joined today by none other than Josh -- How I Met Your Mother is -- -- -- -- -- -- thanks and -- for joining me. That reformist starter -- act act is so many to so many ladies out there in the dream got your character -- it's the ultimate romantic had a dream yes well. Just like that real life right you know. Oh. I don't know we look we look alike. I don't know -- we're we're not exactly. Doesn't that is out How I Met Your Mother -- -- people haven't seen it well it's framed as a flashback from the future. There these teenage children in the year 2035. And you hear -- -- -- their father He says kids and -- a story of How I Met Your Mother . Way back in 200520062007. So that's when it -- 2005. And so he's basically he's -- we see. This father telling all ", "I can't put -- -- and you can check out yet is How I Met Your Mother which airs on -- At 8:30 PM on CBS -- -- on the by the we have seen today that make sure ", 'girlfriend. Nazanin boniadi, an iranian-born actress, who has appeared in "ironman," "general hospital," and " how I met your mother ." She was told to lose her braces, her red highlights and her boyfriend. And signed a confidentiality agreement ', 'boniadi, an iranian-born actress, who has appeared in "ironman," "general hospital," and " how I met your mother ." She was told to lose her braces, her red highlights and her boyfriend. And signed a confidentiality agreement. According to "vanity fair," ', 'And says the plan was always to work for two years and go back to Hollywood where work awaits our guest role on  How I Met Your Mother  she gives you. Harold and Kumar three and some offers far more lucrative than the 41000 dollar a year job He left ', 'and go back to Hollywood where work awaits our guest role on How I Met Your Mother she gives you. Harold and Kumar three and some offers far more lucrative than the 41000 dollar a year job He left ', 'Including supermodel Gisele Bundchen and Cindy Crawford singer Alanis Morissette and actors Alice Finley can again of  How I Met Your Mother . My body into an animal like state. Where it. I never I mean during a contraction might have been and god help ', 'Cindy Crawford singer Alanis Morissette and actors Alice Finley can again of How I Met Your Mother . My body -- into an animal like state. Where it. I never I mean during a contraction -- might have been -- ', "we're so happy that you do you get to share your gifts with every we kept asking last year He made an appearance on  How I Met Your Mother  like yes yes. I I'm at that it is a wonderful. I love the bad boy who do if you look great when every shouldn't ", "-- we kept asking -- last year He made an appearance on How I Met Your Mother like yes yes. I -- I'm -- -- -- at that it is a wonderful. I love the -- -- -- bad ", 'your whole life what are some of your other credit. And mostly known to general audiences as for an episode of  How I Met Your Mother  I did in my underwear. The rates very embarrassing and hit him but he had paid paid to those those five it is great ', 'credit. And mostly known to general audiences as for an episode of How I Met Your Mother I did in my underwear. The rates very embarrassing and hit him but he had paid paid to those those five it ', "she'll be okay. Britney Spears first comeback attempt on the BM was a disaster. But a couple appearances on  How I Met Your Mother  gave some credibility and to show its highest ratings ever the last thing can't sell or is a cleaned up Britney ", "on the BM -- was a disaster. But a couple appearances on How I Met Your Mother gave -- some credibility and to show its highest ratings ever the last thing -- can't sell or -- is a cleaned ", "during a recent holiday she seems to be making more right than wrong moves including a pair of hit performances on  How I Met Your Mother . More time with her sons and a new album on the way peso last night's performance I don't know for sure we ", "more right than wrong moves including a pair of hit performances on How I Met Your Mother . More time with her sons and a new album on the way peso last night's performance I don't know for sure we ", 'receive Bionic Woman again. And even with the settlement a lot of people will be out of work for some time the show  How I Met Your Mother  is expected to shoot new episodes. But Ken Thorpe who works for the production could be waiting while. For the ', 'of people will be out of work for some time the show How I Met Your Mother is expected to shoot new episodes. But Ken Thorpe who works for the production could be waiting -- while. For the call. ', "stats. I'm selling only cabinet and chancellor. Britney Spears had the audience laughing with her. And CBS's  How I Met Your Mother  conference he's strong He doesn't deserve another chance. Insiders say spears was as good off camera and she ", "chancellor. -- Britney Spears had the audience laughing with her. And CBS's How I Met Your Mother conference -- -- he's strong He doesn't deserve another chance. Insiders say spears was as good off camera and she was online "]