['the one to beat." Having front-runner status, though, does not guarantee a trip to the finals, as last year\'s  Pia Toscano  learned when she was eliminated in the ninth round and Sanchez, herself, learned last week when she had to be saved ', 'the one to beat." Having front-runner status, though, does not guarantee a trip to the finals, as last year\'s  Pia Toscano  learned when she was eliminated in the ninth round. Iovine has warned that Sanchez "needs bigger songs and more powerful ', 'Brielle Von Hugel, the girl with the bossy mom who got cut last year after singing with eventual season 10 finalist  Pia Toscano . The funniest line of the night came from Heejun Han, the deadpan guy who spent most of the last few weeks dissing ', "'American Idol' Group Round: Contestant Who Fell Off Stage Teams Up For Next Phase", "made fun of Richie's vocal direction and dance instruction. Brielle Von Hugel was in a group last year with finalist  Pia Toscano , and this year she reigned supreme over a group including Shannon Magrane and Kyle Cruz. Brielle's mom had plenty ", 'Eisenhower 1893 Lillian Gish 1894 E.E. Cummings 1939 Ralph Lauren 1958 Thomas Dolby 1964 Joe Girardi 1978 Usher 1988  Pia Toscano  Jump back to Oct. 13: Day in History . View more videos from This Month in History: October .', 'America\'s" Summer Concert Series. GMA\'s Lara Spencer talked to season 10 Idol winner Scotty McCreery and finalist  Pia Toscano  after their performance -- and got the inside scoop on life on the "Idol" tour bus and much more. Life On Tour ', 'after last week\'s shocking elimination of favorite  Pia Toscano  . While McDonald became the first male contestant cut they sing." Some fans are even blaming the judges for  Pia Toscano \'s stunning ouster last week, saying they could have ', 'Woman Claims She Was Removed From Front Row for Being Overweight; Fox Says No Way', 'Winning isn\'t everything, and losing "American Idol" could turn out to be the best thing for  Pia Toscano  . Her surprising elimination Thursday has already resulted in boffo exposure and a platform for selling millions of records when ', 'American Idol" elimination,  Pia Toscano  has reportedly inked a recording psychologist Wendy Walsh. Of course  Pia Toscano  does have female fans, so her would win or were sent home early.  Pia Toscano  \'Idol\' Departure Raises Questions ', 'Jennifer Lopez is in shock over  Pia Toscano \'s "American Idol" elimination. "She was one of Halperin said. Follow ABC News Entertainment on Twitter .  Pia Toscano  \'Idol\' Departure Raises Questions Brian Mansfield ', "and Halperin were able to narrow the field down to five likely winners. They are as follows: The Front-runner:  Pia Toscano  Toscano, a native of Howard Beach, N.Y., was first on both Mansfield's and Halperin's list. A previous ", "I'm Lara Spencer with GM is backstage pass and this week we have to American Idol just. And yeah I can't let them exploring it. Our idols that a lot of people in a small space on that bus tonight. And it and it doesn't accidentally witnessing today. Plane flight attendant and then take them into", 'The singer inks a record deal immediately after being voted off "American Idol."', "The event that shocked the nation this week not the potential government shut down the other big story elevation up has done so. An American Idol course she was considered one of the season's top ten since. But could exit from the show have something to do with the it's a woman having covered on", "A shocking elimination on American Idol if you're a fan you probably are still shocked over you weren't really upset came out they are upset about that in there were people who are very upset. He to now. Is no longer on the show two one of the strongest singers and tagged. Right after she was voted"]