['The latest major poll, taken by the Des Moines Register Dec. 27-30, shows Mitt Romney (24 percent) holding a narrow lead over Ron Paul (22 percent), with Rick Santorum (15 percent) gaining momentum over Newt Gingrich (12 percent), Rick Perry (11 percent) and Michele Bachmann (7 percent).', 'If one candidate runs away with the Iowa vote, then follows with a landslide in New Hampshire, the Republican primary could be over almost as soon as it started.', 'New Hampshire primary: Jan. 10. Romney (44 percent) leads handily in New Hampshire, with Ron Paul (17 percent) trailing in a distant second and New Gingrich (16 percent) and Jon Huntsman (9 percent) following, according to the latest major poll there, conducted Dec. 21-27 by CNN/Time/ORC. Huntsman has dedicated the early part of his campaign to the Granite State, and Jan. 10 will reveal whether he can gain legitimate momentum.', 'Nevada caucuses: Feb. 4. The first Western state to pick a candidate, Nevada has seen Romney emerge with a narrow lead, but polling has been scarce.', 'California primary: June 5. In the unlikely event that Republicans are still campaigning against each other, Californians will cast their potentially decisive votes second to last; Utah will end the primary season with its June 26 contest. California will award more national delegates than any other state.', 'The Republican Party will use a byzantine system of delegate allocation in 2012, after its rule change was designed to mimic the drawn-out Obama/Clinton battle that drew national interest. Almost every state will use a different system of assigning its delegates to presidential candidates, and some will use county, congressional-district, and state conventions to pick delegates to the August convention in Tampa, Fla. The new process will give far more opportunities to organize for delegates down the road.', 'You are using an outdated version of Internet Explorer.  Please click here to  upgrade your browser in order to comment.', "About The NoteThroughout the day, ABC News' political team contributes to The Note with the very latest news and analysis from the nation's capital and the 2012 campaign trail.   More from ABC News Politics ", "Top Stories on ABC NewsDozens Killed Near Pro-Morsi Rally in EgyptGunman Among 7 Dead After Fla. ShootoutBeanie Babies 'Investment' Ends in BankruptcySD Mayor to Enter Therapy, Won't ResignMovie Review: 'The Wolverine'Subscribe "]