['Phil Mickelson needed a birdie on the 18th green Friday to join Billy Horschel atop the leaderboard with the second round of the U.S. Open suspended due to darkness....', 'The second round of the U.S. Open concluded Saturday morning with overnight leaders Phil Mickelson and Billy Horschel retaining their one-shot advantage at Merion Go...', 'A day that began with howling rain and wind ended in bright sunshine, a turn of meteorological fortune that helped sort out a bunched-up field at the British Open.Da...', "Darren Clarke failed to make the cut at the Irish Open on Friday, two weeks after he won the British Open for his first major titleGermany's Marcel Siem eagled the 1...", 'Darren Clarke has won his first major title at the British Open .The 42-year-old from Northern Ireland shot an even-par 70 Sunday that gave him a three-stroke victor...', 'Not since 2000, when he defeated Tiger Woods in the final of the World Match Play Championship in California, has Darren Clarke looked so comfortable on the golf cou...', "A hero in Sandwich: Darren Clarke , the people's champ, parties hard after winning British Open", "Darren Clarke's bleary, bloodshot eyes told it all.The party began shortly after he walked off the 18th green at Royal St. George's with the claret jug in hand. Beer...", "British Open champion Darren Clarke  targets 'dream' win in Killarney at Irish Open", 'After establishing Ireland as the focal point of golf, newly crowned British Open winner Darren Clarke , U.S. Open champion Rory McIlroy and two other local major wi...', 'A player from Northern Ireland charged up the leaderboard at the British Open .Just not the one you might expect.Darren Clarke shot his second straight 2-under 68 on...', 'June 13-16 At Merion Golf Club (East Course) Ardmore, Pa. Purse: TBA Yardage: 6,996; Par: 70 All Times EDT (a-amateur)Thursday-FridayFirst hole-11th hole6:45 a.m.-12...', 'The 156 players in the the 113th U.S. Open, which starts Thursday at Merion Golf Club. Players listed only in the first category for which they are eligible. (a-amat...', "The United States Golf Association (USGA) announced Tuesday that 26 players, including 2011 U.S. Open runner-up Jason Day and last week's Crowne Plaza Invitational a...", 'The 150 players who have qualified for the 113th U.S. Open, to be played June 13-16 at Merion Golf Club. Players listed only in the first category for which they are...', "The road less traveled: Peter Uihlein explores golf's outposts and learns about himself", 'The quotation from the proud father was a version of Ralph Waldo Emerson\'s famous words, "Go instead where there is no path and leave a trail."The path of Peter Uihl...', 'June 13-16 At Merion Golf Club (East Course) Ardmore, Pa. Purse: TBA Yardage: 6,996; Par: 70 All Times EDT (a-amateur)Thursday-FridayFirst hole-11th hole6:45 a.m.-12...', 'European Ryder Cup captain Jose Maria Olazabal added fellow Spaniard Miguel Angel Jimenez as his fourth assistant captain on Saturday.Jimenez joins a staff that alre...', 'European Ryder Cup captain Jose Maria Olazabal has announced three of his four vice captains, picking Irishmen Darren Clarke and Paul McGinley and Thomas Bjorn of De...']