['On the eve of the New Hampshire primary, 39 percent of Americans hold a favorable opinion of Romney, 34 percent unfavorable; numerically, his best net-positive score in ABC-Post polling since September. Paul, on the other hand, is seen favorably by 31 percent, but unfavorably by 38 percent, his most negative gap.', 'The other top scorer in Iowa, Rick Santorum, gets a more even split, but a numerically negative one: 27 percent favorable, 29 percent unfavorable. Many more adults, 44 percent, have yet to form an opinion of him one way or another.', 'PARTY: Each of these candidates does far better in his own party than more broadly. Among Republicans, 61 percent see Romney favorably, 48 percent Santorum and 40 percent Paul. Their ratings are lower among independents, and far lower among Democrats.', 'Santorum matches Romney in popularity among very conservatives, but otherwise Romney is ahead of Santorum and Paul alike in these groups.', 'Romney does well, 47 percent favorable, among adults with household incomes more than $100,000 a year. And his favorability rating is more than 20 points lower among non-whites, 24 percent, than among whites, 45 percent. There are no significant income differences in favorability for Santorum and Paul, and the racial gaps, while present, are smaller.', 'METHODOLOGY: This ABC News-Washington Post poll was conducted by landline and cell phone Jan. 4-8, 2012, among a random national sample of 1,013 adults. Results have a margin of sampling error of 3.5 points. The survey was produced for ABC News by Langer Research Associates of New York, N.Y., with sampling, data collection and tabulation by SSRS/Social Science Research Solutions of Media, Pa. ', 'You are using an outdated version of Internet Explorer.  Please click here to  upgrade your browser in order to comment.', "About PollsGary Langer provides public opinion polling, analysis and consulting services to ABC News through Langer Research Associates, a company he founded in 2010 after more than a decade as ABC's polling director.Polls"]