['Weekly Look Ahead: Jerry Sandusky, Elizabeth Smart, Same Sex Marriage, Belmont Stakes, Tony Awards - ABC News', "Wondering how this coming week will shape up? Here's a look ahead at some of the events on tap.", "Breivik's trial is scheduled to continue. He has admitting killing 77 people in twin terror attacks in Norway last summer. The right-wing extremist claims he committed the July 2011 murders to protest Islamic immigration to Europe, and says he got the idea of decapitation from al Qaeda videos.", 'Sandusky will head to trial on charges that he sexually molested 10 boys after the presiding judge refused to grant a delay or allow his attorneys more time to prepare a defense.', 'Republican Gov. Scott Walker faces off against Democratic challenger Tom Barrett in a recall election. The race has received a great deal of attention both inside and outside the state, and spending has topped $60 million, according to figures from the nonpartisan Wisconsin Democracy Campaign.', 'Tuesday, June 5: California, Montana, New Jersey, New Mexico and South Dakota Primaries', 'On Tuesday afternoon, U.S. time, we will be treated to the rare spectacle of a transit of Venus -- the heavens aligning so that the small black disc of the planet Venus marches slowly across the face of the sun.', "Smart was snatched from her bed in Salt Lake City and forced to spend nine months on the run. After passersby reported spotting Smart in a Salt Lake City suburb, authorities arrested David Mitchell and Wanda Barzee, charging them with Smart's kidnapping and sexual assault.", "Wednesday, June 6: 50th Anniversary of Beatles' First Recording Session at Abbey Road", "The legendary band's first recording session at EMI studios took place 50 years ago today.", 'Manning is accused of providing online publisher WikiLeaks with hundreds of thousands of classified military action reports from Iraq and Afghanistan, as well as 260,000 classified State Department cables when he served as an Army intelligence analyst in Baghdad in late 2009 to early 2010.', 'Washington State legalized same-sex marriages in February, becoming the seventh state in the nation to do so. But opponents are expected to collect more than 120,000 signatures to put a veto measure directly to voters in November.', 'Associated Press photographer Nick Ut snapped the iconic picture that crystallized the impact of the Vietnam War.', "The American Conservative Union's CPAC Chicago conference is scheduled to take place at the Donald E. Stephens Convention Center. Speakers include former GOP presidential nominee contenders Herman Cain and Michele Bachmann.", "I'll Have Another could become the first horse since Affirmed in 1978 to win all three races in the annual Triple Crown of Thoroughbred Racing."]