['http://abcnews.go.com/blogs/politics/2012/02/primary-calendar-a-three-week-lull-before-arizona-and-michigan/', '\tThe latest Politics news and blog posts from ABC News contributors and bloggers including Jake Tapper, George Stephanopoulos and more.', "LOL!  Please don't hate me just because I am gayer than gay and live rent-free in my mom's basement.  I still have a right to have my say on here about 50 times a day, hehehehe and LMAO!", 'Please seriously consider ceasing your posts from your junior high school library.  I realize you intend them to "help" our side, but they don\'t, not at all do they.  Simply too goofy and braindead they be.  Wise up, and grow up.', 'LOL!  And LOL again, SHALLOW "R\'S" ARE FUN TO LAUGH AT.  You still need far more cowbell, and far less copy and paste.  hehehehehe... Don\'t die of heartbreak when Obama loses in November...hehehehe.', 'LOL!...... This whole contraceptive issue may accomplish only ONE significant thing.... for the first time in U.S. history, it may just have a lot of the extreme religious right-wing protestants actually wishing that the nation had many, many, MANY MORE Catholics and Jews in the country.... (hehehehehe!)', "Yes, the real hilarity and the real sad stuff.  Hope and Change.  Translation:  We can all only Hope (probably in vain) that we still have some small Change left to jingle in our pockets when Obama's term is mercifully ended.", "I wish that some Obama supporters would try harder to post as if they were older than 12 or 13.  But i realize that won't happen.", "LOL!  Too bad Obama's attack on Catholics has backfired so badly.  Let's see now, besides losing many Catholics and many Jewish votes (from his indifference and even hostility to Israel), he can count on losing many regular independent votes because of his corruption and incompetence.  hehehehehe.", 'The Pope is sitting back and smiling as he watches Rick Santorum\'s surge, calling on one of his assistants nearby, "Bishop, get with the Vatican accounting office and have them funnel about seven more million into Santorum\'s campaign war chest." The Bishop moves quickly on his task...as the Pope thinks to himself and smiles, "\'the Vatican States of America\', I like how that sounds."', 'LOL! ..... So, if Santorum is elected President, I heard he plans to increase funding towards a new national intelligence agency called the "CIA"...... the Contraceptive Intelligence Agency.... when do the police home raids to hunt down condoms start?']