["The Massachusetts Senate special election is three weeks away and the president will be swinging in next week to both fundraise and campaign with Rep. Ed Markey, D-Mass. But there's a main event before then: Markey and businessman and former Navy SEAL Gabriel Gomez get to faceoff in a debate", 'percent of those gains have come on Tuesdays, according to Bespoke Investment Group. Here are some fun facts about this  Super Tuesday  run for your money: None of the Dow 30 has finished every Tuesday of the streak higher. 3M has had the most "up" Tuesdays ', 'Yahoo! to stream several major events including the GOP debates in New Hampshire and Iowa, 7 GOP candidate interviews,  Super Tuesday  and most recently, the Republican and Democratic National Conventions anchored by Amy Walter and Rick Klein. ABC News anchors ', "down the front. The location of the soccer game was notable - it was the same field where Romney held a press conference on  Super Tuesday  in March, the candidate emerging from the adjacent Beech Street Center after casting his ballot with Ann. Romney's presence ", 'early enough to show party unity stave off massive defeats on  Super Tuesday , left the door open for him to run again. Romney won nine contests in February. In the 10-state voting extravaganza of  Super Tuesday  , Romney scored his first significant delegate lead, capturing ', 'also attacked Hillary Clinton with vicious lies." The Clinton footage comes from a campaign event held just before the  Ohio primary  in 2008, when Clinton attacked Obama for mailers she said mischaracterized her positions on health care reform and the North ', "informally advised Russ Schiefer and Stuart Stevens, two of his former aides who are now top Romney strategists. After the  Ohio primary , during the tail end of the Romney-Santorum spar, Portman took on an influential, if private, role in preparing Romney's ", "informally advised Russ Schiefer and Stuart Stevens, two of his former aides who are now top Romney strategists. After the  Ohio primary , during the tail end of the Romney-Santorum spar, Portman took on an influential, if private, role in preparing Romney's ", 'dressage the "Sport of the Summer." Despite being almost symptom free from MS, Mrs. Romney did have a relapse around  Super Tuesday  , but Romney revealed she didn\'t even tell her husband about the flare up. "She didn\'t mention it," Romney said ', "who insiders believe is a top potential vice presidential pick. Portman got some credit for Romney's victory in the  Ohio primary , but a recent Quinnipiac University poll showed that the former Bush administration official is still not a particularly ", 'signed an oath saying we were committed to be a Gingrich or a Romney delegate." Romney received 21 delegates from the  Georgia primary . Elected Georgia delegate Stefan Passantino told ABC News he\'s legally bound to vote for Gingrich at the convention and ', "yhoo.it/JkVi6d ANOTHER KEITH JUDD? After the federal inmate's surprise performance against Obama in the West  Virginia primary , ABC's Elizabeth's Hartfield reports on today's vote in Arkanas: In Arkansas, John Wolfe, an attorney from Tennessee ", 'I think it was calculated. He said the right things," said Willis, who said he voted for Rick Santorum in the  Virginia primary . "There was a lot of political speech, but that\'s to be expected for this situation." Willis said his view of the ', 'Professor Josh Putnam discusses  Super Tuesday  results and the primary process.', 'today. There seem to feel little. back and forth between John McCain and Mitt Romney today they did not. Allow this  Super Duper Tuesday  to be a From the clear tension that exists between these two candidates what was their news this morning at how do you ', 'between John McCain and Mitt Romney today they did not. Allow this Super Duper Tuesday to be a -- From the clear tension that exists between these two candidates -- what was their news this morning at ', "It's NBC news election up.  Super Tuesday  showdown. And showdown that is good evening once again I'm Diane Sawyer and George Stephanopoulos. This ten states voting day ", "It's -- NBC news election up. Super Tuesday showdown. And showdown that is good evening once again I'm Diane Sawyer and George Stephanopoulos. This ten states voting day and let's ", "the coast to coast  Super Tuesday  showdown the big question we're going to win the  Georgia primary  three candidates in for next week's  Super Tuesday . And states. 437 before we to get to  Super Tuesday  there caucuses in ", 'Is five days before the coast to coast Super Tuesday showdown the big question -- Mitt Romney finally put together winning streak and -- his hold on the nomination. Global Rick Santorum ', "-- and -- Newt Gingrich in Georgia we're going to win the Georgia primary three candidates in this game of three dimensional chess position pieces for next week's Super Tuesday . And states. 437. Delegates at stake Romney looks strong in Massachusetts Vermont Virginia. Gingrich may be well positioned in his home state ", 'to work for the American worker. Now before we to get to Super Tuesday there caucuses in Washington State. On Saturday. Rick Santorum has been -- head there in more good news for Santorum. Our Jake ', "It's an ABC news selection out.  Super Tuesday  Now reporting from election headquarters in New York Diane White House voters in ten states going to the polls at this  Super Tuesday  from North Dakota to Georgia Idaho in Massachusetts. Let ", "It's an ABC news selection out. Super Tuesday -- Now reporting from election headquarters in New York Diane Sawyer George -- Welcome this big day in the race for the White House voters in ten states going to the polls at this Super Tuesday from North Dakota to Georgia Idaho in -- Massachusetts. Let us show you what is at stake tonight as we said -- "]