['then Senator Obama in 2008 and even campaigned with Bill Clinton on behalf of Hillary in March 2008. Just days before the  Texas primary , Clinton and Judd campaigned together standing in the back of a pickup truck at a private airport hangar in Abilene, Texas ', 'then Senator Obama in 2008 and even campaigned with Bill Clinton on behalf of Hillary in March 2008 . Just days before the  Texas primary , Clinton and Judd campaigned together standing in the back of a pickup truck at a private airport hangar in Abilene, Texas ', 'also attacked Hillary Clinton with vicious lies." The Clinton footage comes from a campaign event held just before the  Ohio primary  in 2008, when Clinton attacked Obama for mailers she said mischaracterized her positions on health care reform and the North ', "informally advised Russ Schiefer and Stuart Stevens, two of his former aides who are now top Romney strategists. After the  Ohio primary , during the tail end of the Romney-Santorum spar, Portman took on an influential, if private, role in preparing Romney's ", "informally advised Russ Schiefer and Stuart Stevens, two of his former aides who are now top Romney strategists. After the  Ohio primary , during the tail end of the Romney-Santorum spar, Portman took on an influential, if private, role in preparing Romney's ", "who insiders believe is a top potential vice presidential pick. Portman got some credit for Romney's victory in the  Ohio primary , but a recent Quinnipiac University poll showed that the former Bush administration official is still not a particularly ", 'political reporter Andrew Kaczynski. On May 29, the night he clinched the 2012 Republican nomination with a victory in the  Texas primary , the campaign rolled out its official iPhone app, allowing supporters to take a take and share a photo overlayed more than ', "Urban Outfitters has already cast its ballot, throwing its hipster cred behind Romney's campaign in light of Tuesday's  Texas primary  victory, which secured the former Massachusetts governor the Republican presidential nomination. Jumping on the presidential ", 'Our Future, has spent almost $50 million already - and that was before Romney officially clinched the nomination in the  Texas primary  on Tuesday. Already Romney has met with Sheldon Adelson, the billionaire casino magnate who gave millions of dollars to ', "congratulations to GOP rival Mitt Romney for formally clinching the Republican Party presidential nomination in Tuesday's  Texas primary . http://abcn.ws/KcWu0y Who Won the Bizarre Election of Roy Brooks vs. Roy Brooks? - http://abcn.ws/KIb0Kx ", "So with a big picture on today's primaries were joined by ABC's Rick Klein the editor. Of the net what are you going to look for tonight it's sounds like the Clinton Campaign is suddenly quite confident. Well they're confident because they've had a a couple of days for the first time in a long time", "ABC's John Berman explains why HBO's new film. Has ignited a fierce feud with the Palin camp. The results are in  Super Tuesday two  1012 he's pretty much over. Does that blue field with political postpartum depression will. Fear not. The 2012 primaries ", "a fierce feud with the Palin camp. The results are -- in Super Tuesday two 1012 he's pretty much over. Does that -- blue field with political postpartum depression will. Fear not. The 2012 primaries may be ", "It's NBC news election up. Super Tuesday showdown. And showdown that is good evening once again I'm Diane Sawyer and George Stephanopoulos. This ten states voting day and let's look so far Mitt Romney is 13 states Rick Santorum is three states Newt Gingrich won an Ohio. All eyes are on that state", 'Big message coming out of  Super Tuesday two  1010 incumbents take cover. The highest profile target was Pennsylvania senator Arlen Specter first elected. As a Republican ', 'Big message coming out of Super Tuesday two 1010 incumbents take cover. The highest profile target was Pennsylvania senator Arlen Specter first elected. As a Republican in 1980 He switched ', 'The all important  Super Tuesday two  dozen states but across the country all the candidates campaigning as hard as they pulling out all the stops. For the Obama campaign ', 'The all important Super Tuesday two dozen states but across the country all the candidates campaigning as hard as they -- pulling out all the stops. For the ', "when we get to Denver will because of the situation by that time not only is expected it to live line. The  Ohio primary  the  Texas primary  the Pennsylvania primary and have tended to be held Florida and in Michigan primaries I think she'll be ", "by that time not only is expected it to live line. The Ohio primary the Texas primary the Pennsylvania primary and have tended to be held Florida and in Michigan primaries I think she'll be -- and a strong "]