['father has been for ten years Schwarzenegger did offer financial support. Last spring the week He voted in the  California primary  for his successor. His housekeeper was his 270000. Dollar retirement home. In the affluent polo club neighborhood ', 'did offer financial support. Last spring the week He voted in the California primary for his successor. His housekeeper was -- his 270000. Dollar retirement home. In the affluent polo club neighborhood Bakersfield. -- her house. ', "Been around long My husband did not wrap up the nomination. In 1992 until He won the  California primary . Somewhere in the Middle Eastern right. We all remember Bobby Kennedy. Was assassinated in in California. You know I just I don't understand.", 'did not wrap up the nomination. In 1992 until He won the California primary . Somewhere in the Middle Eastern right. We all remember Bobby Kennedy. Was assassinated in -- in California. You know I just I ', 'unprecedented for the race to be going on in June. My husband did not wrap up the nomination. In 1992 until He won the  California primary . Somewhere in the middle We all remember Bobby Kennedy. Was assassinated in June in California. The Obama campaign ', 'did not wrap up the nomination. In 1992 until He won the California primary . Somewhere in the middle -- -- -- We all remember Bobby Kennedy. Was assassinated in June in California. The Obama campaign quickly ', "against her. I've been around long enough. my husband did not wrap up the nomination. In 1992 until He won the  California primary . Somewhere in the middle of right. We all remember Bobby Kennedy. Was assassinated in June in California. And ", "did not wrap up the nomination. In 1992 until He won the California primary . Somewhere in the middle of -- -- right. We all remember Bobby Kennedy. Was assassinated in June in California. And that's where ", "Clinton that's making all the news here it is. My husband did not wrap up the nomination. In 1992 until He won the  California primary . Somewhere in the middle of right. We all remember Bobby Kennedy. Was assassinated in June in California. Okay ", 'did not wrap up the nomination. In 1992 until He won the California primary . Somewhere in the middle of -- -- right. We all remember Bobby Kennedy. Was assassinated in June in California. Okay -- is ', 'that mountain to a better day for America. My husband did not wrap up the nomination. In 1992 until He won the  California primary . Somewhere in the Middle Eastern right. We all remember Bobby Kennedy. Was assassinated in California. Based ', 'did not wrap up the nomination. In 1992 until He won the California primary . Somewhere in the Middle Eastern right. We all remember Bobby Kennedy. Was assassinated -- in California. Based on every analysis. Every better ', 'Hope I would hope now that the  California primary  is finished. Out of these primaries now concentrate on having a dialogue. Or debate I hope. Between the vice president and perhaps ', 'Hope I would hope now that the California primary is finished. Out of these primaries -- -- -- now concentrate on having a dialogue. Or debate I hope. Between the vice ', "primary victories but He faltered in Oregon losing to senator Eugene McCarthy. It was all going to come down to the  California primary . On June 4. What Kennedy hoped would be a victory party was held at the ambassador hotel all that's left the ", "senator Eugene McCarthy. It was all going to come down to the California primary . On June 4. What Kennedy hoped would be a victory party was held at the ambassador hotel all that's left -- the ", "it's really powerful current what are you do this He had to the little baby up to now You're living parts of the  California primary  and how do you. Always find time to because I I understand that I'm not be good for anyone else in my family ", "the little baby up to now -- You're living parts of the California primary and -- -- how do you. Always find time to -- because I I understand that I'm not -- be good for ", "is set to endorse Senator John McCain today that should be a big help to McCain in his bid for delegates in the  California primary  next Tuesday. The governor was in the audience last night's Republican debate at the Reagan library. McCain ", "a big help to McCain in his bid for delegates in the California primary next Tuesday. The governor was in the audience -- last night's -- Republican debate at the Reagan library. McCain and Mitt Romney ", "That's what bill really wrapped up the nomination the middle of June after the  California primary . You know I remember very well what happened. In the  California primary  in 1968 as. You know Senator Kennedy won that primary traditionally. Have ", "bill really wrapped up the nomination the middle of June after the California primary . You know I remember very well what happened. In the California primary in 1968 as. You know Senator Kennedy won that primary -- -- traditionally. Have gone longer than you've seen in the last ", "everyone Joked that he wrote for Robert Kennedy 1968 he's campaigning in California. Or she died the night the  California primary  Robert Kennedy did the shoreline from when he went to Berkeley to speak to California. severest of California will ", "Kennedy 1968 he's campaigning in California. Or she died the night the California primary Robert Kennedy did the shoreline from when he went to Berkeley to speak -- -- to California. -- severest of California will ", 'school end of story. As you know Elizabeth Governor Schwarzenegger cannot run for president. But he is hoping to influence the 2008 campaign by campaigning on his agenda in those early primary states and moving up the  California primary .', 'on his agenda in those early primary states and moving up the California primary . ']