['We know you\'re stressed. If it\'s any comfort, our friends around the world are juggling a lot now, too. "What constitutes stress is not having the time or help to meet demands in your life, whether you\'re in Texas or Taiwan," says Alice Domar, PhD, executive director of the Domar Center for Mind/Body Health in Boston.', 'What you can do: "Wine is a relaxant, that\'s true, but more important is having a ritual to separate the chaos of work from the comfort of home," Domar says. Any ritual you look forward to will do the trick, whether you wash up and change into sweats or zone out with a game of Words with Friends.', "What you can do: Program a break reminder into your smartphone, heed the beeps, and grab a friend for coffee in the office kitchen. Don't feel guilty for slacking off; in a Massachusetts Institute of Technology study, people who got up to socialize during the work day ended up being 10 to 15 percent more productive than those who didn't.", 'What you can do: Knead the nape of your neck and the surrounding area. "Stimulating pressure receptors releases serotonin, a natural antidepressant," says Tiffany Field, PhD, director of the Touch Research Institute at the University of Miami. Better yet: Get your partner to do it.', 'What you can do: Head outside for a brisk stroll. In a 2012 University of Maryland School of Public Health study, people who rode a stationary bike for 30 minutes and then saw disturbing photographs (including images of violence) were less anxious than people who sat quietly before viewing the photos.', '"Exercise not only reduces anxiety, but helps you maintain that feeling when confronted with distressing events," says study author J. Carson Smith, PhD. During the colder months, with less mood-boosting natural light around, it\'s especially helpful to get outside.', 'What you can do: Soothe your feet with this remedy from Cornelia Zicu of Red Door Spa: Dunk feet up to the ankles in hot water in a plastic bin or the tub, adding a handful of Epsom salts and 2 spoonfuls of baking soda. "After 15 minutes, swelling goes down and circulation improves," Zicu says. "It\'s amazingly relaxing."', 'What you can do: Distract your brain from whatever\'s riling you up. "Stressful thoughts often come from a presumption that something bad is going to happen," points out Ellen Langer, PhD, a psychology professor at Harvard University. "If you can focus on a positive, you can help derail those thoughts."', 'Jot down a list of Good Things in your life on iPhone Notes, anything from an upcoming trip to your child\'s cute note to the Tooth Fairy. Dorky? Not so much: "It gives you a tool to defuse stress in the moment," Langer explains. Eyeball it next time you have a freak-out. Your iPod can also come in handy for distracting you; in one study, people subjected to freezing-cold compresses were less likely to notice the discomfort when listening to music.']