["Editor's note: Watch Quest Means Business on CNN International, 1900pm GMT weekdays. Quest Means Business is presented by CNN's foremost international business correspondent Richard Quest. Follow him on Twitter. ", '(CNN) -- The backslapping and congratulations over the Cyprus bailout deal is still underway, and I realize it is not good form to criticize a deal when the ink has yet to dry on the agreement.', "Perhaps we should be delighted that it only took a disgraceful bank levy to be thrown out by a nation's parliament, a week of bank closures with the chaos that brought, and the inevitable Sunday midnight meeting with everyone beaten into bleary-eyed exhaustion. And come to think of it, why can't the EU ever agree something during the day, without everyone having to lose a night's sleep?", 'The radical and immediate crises have been averted by the closure of one of Cyprus\' two largest banks and "haircuts" on large bank deposits. The Cypriot bank system will survive minus one shoddy institution that is best gone and a restructuring of the rest -- if that ever happens. The date of 2018 has been set for the banking sector to be shrunk to the EU average, so don\'t hold your breath!', 'I have no doubt this was the best the leaders could do, in the time they had, to avoid Cyprus\' economic collapse and exit from the euro. But I\'m afraid this agreement is nothing more than the usual euro nonsense, beautifully coined in the Eurogroup statement after the deal was announced: "The Cypriot authorities have reaffirmed their commitment to step up efforts in the areas of fiscal consolidation, structural reforms and privatisation."', 'Hang on. Where have we heard that before? Oh yes. Greece after its first bailout. And Greece after various troika reviews which found, time and again, that few companies had been privatized, that structural reform was bogged down and that fiscal consolidation means all austerity and no growth.', 'Worse, as EU Commissioner Ollie Rehn admitted, is that Cyprus is heading into an even deeper recession. The country has shrunk for the past two years and has probably two more to go. All the woes that have been visited on Greece are now about to be experienced by Cyprus too, and it was all agreed in the middle of the night, in a hurry.', 'Cyprus was the victim of being the fourth sovereign to be bailed out. Even though the Eurogroup is making this up as they go along, there are now some common threads which can be seen in the way crises are being handled', 'Bondholders and shareholders in banks can no longer expect to be left alone. They tried that with Greece and Ireland and failed (although in the Irish case the banks eventually did have to be merged and closed).', "Northern countries like Germany, Finland, Denmark and company are now determined to take a hardline approach, and they do so because of bailout fatigue from their voters. But let's see if that line crumbles when a really big European country, like Italy or Spain, gets into trouble.", "In each bailout we have seen the bark of an agreement, but we have yet to see the bite of the eurozone's determination to force countries into change. European leaders are so terrified their political project will fail that they cobble together these deals in the middle of the night, and then wonder why the whole thing fails to materialize 18 months later.", "Take December's eurozone banking union deal, for instance, which was agreed to with an unrealistic timescale and is still some way off from actually happening. Despite the deal being agreed to four months ago, there remains the very real problem of civil unrest as a result of high unemployment in a number of euro countries, and there is mounting disquiet within the union.", "Forgive me, I suppose I should be celebrating the Cyprus deal. But it's hard to be thrilled when all I see are crises avoided, not problems solved.", "The euro club has suffered major shockwaves but its newest member has emerged as an economic star. What;s behind Estonia's success?", 'The global recovery has two speeds: That of the stimulus-fed U.S. and that of the austerity-starved eurozone, according to a new report.', 'The "rich man\'s club" of Europe faces economic decay as it struggles to absorb Europe\'s "poor people", according to economic experts.', "Europe's competitiveness is threatened as manufacturing companies scrambling to find enough skilled engineers.", "Spain's economic crisis is in its sixth straight year yet tourism, worth 11% of GDP, is holding its own, one of the few bright spots on a bleak horizon.", 'As European financial markets close for the spring celebration of May Day, protesters across Europe and beyond have taken to the streets to demonstrate.', 'As Croatia prepares to enter the 27-nation European Union, the country\'s Prime Minister says Italy must return to being the "powerhouse of Europe."', "Spain's unemployment rate rose to a record high of 27.2% in the first quarter of 2013, the Spanish National Institute of Statistics said Thursday. ", 'The financial uncertainty in Cyprus is generating images of long lines at ATM machines and anti-European Union protests.', 'Cyprus will "step up efforts in areas of fiscal consolidation." Where have we heard that before? Oh yes. Greece.', 'The Cyprus debt crisis is being felt by the banks but also by the people who work at them. Nick Paton Walsh reports.', "CNN's Nick Paton Walsh reports on a Russian hotel maid caught up in Cyprus' financial crisis.", "Never underestimate the capacity of the Eurozone to shoot itself in both feet, says CNN's Richard Quest.", 'Spain has seen hundreds of protests since the "Indignados" movement erupted in 2011, marches and sit-ins are now common sights in the capital.']