['2011 SEASON IN REVIEW: The 2011 season started with such promise for South Florida but the wheels came off, as the Bulls struggled to win close games and found themselves on the outside, looking in at the postseason.The Bulls won their first four games last year and looked like a team set to contend going into conference play. That\'s when the season began to take a downward spiral. South Florida went 1-7 over its final eight games with the lone win a 37-17 win on the road over Syracuse, which finished tied for last in the conference with South Florida.All those losses are a bit misleading though, as South Florida lost five games by six points or less, four of which were by just three points including a 30-27 heartbreaker in the regular season finale to West Virginia that knocked the Bulls out of the bowl season."Wins were elusive for us in a lot of different ways," head coach Skip Holtz said of the season after the loss to West Virginia.Having the experience of playing in close games s...', 'The national spotlight will be on the Big ranked South Florida Bulls test its unblemished record against perennial conference power Pittsburgh at Heinz Field .South ...', 'B.J. Daniels throws for 359 yards, 1 TD; No. 22 South Florida  rips Ball State 37-7', 'Any lingering questions Skip Holtz had about how No. 22 South Florida might handle being ranked for the first time in nearly two years were answered on the first pla...', 'The Texas-El Paso Miners will continue their non- 17 win over Florida A&M last weekend.UTEP grinded out a win over New Mexico State on the road last weekend, winning...', 'B.J. Daniels threw four touchdown passes and ran ranked South Florida dominated Florida A&M, 70-17, at Raymond James Stadium .Daniels was 21-for-31 with 382 yards wh...', 'B.J. Daniels threw two touchdown passes and ran 24 victory over UTEP.Daniels completed 15-of-24 passes for 202 yards, while Darrell Scott, Victor Marc and Demetris M...', 'B.J. Daniels threw for 359 yards and one of-39 passing to lead No. 22 South Florida to a 37-7 thrashing of Ball State on Saturday.Darrell Scott rushed 11 times for 8...', 'Season two of the Brian Kelly era begins in ranked Notre Dame Fighting Irish play host to the South Florida Bulls .Like Notre Dame, South Florida had a new coach in ...']