["Anti-eviction activists protest against the government's eviction laws in Mallorca on April 23, 2013. ", "(CNN) -- Spain's unemployment rate rose to a record high of 27.2% in the first quarter of 2013, the Spanish National Institute of Statistics said Thursday.", 'The figure represented an increase of 1.1 % from the previous quarter, as recession continues to take its toll on the debt-stricken nation.', 'Francisco Carrizo, 37, a Venezuelan teacher from Madrid, told CNN that unemployment is at "preposterous levels" and Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy\'s center-right government is feeding the Spanish people a "bunch of lies."', 'He said many of his students are considering emigrating for higher education to improve their job prospects, fueling fears that Spain is undergoing a "brain drain."', 'In 2007, before the global economic crisis hit, Spain had 1.9 million people unemployed -- 8.6% of the active population. That figure has now risen to 6.2 million.', 'Carrizo -- who describes himself as a center-left supporter -- said: "I would like the government to be more honest and independent; and not submit to the markets. It seems to me that whatever Germany says, they do."', 'Anti-austerity protesters are expected to march on the Spanish Parliament later Thursday in the capital, Madrid, as part of an organized movement to bring political change to the country.', 'He added: "The young people that are staying are becoming very politically active in organized social movements."', 'He said: "Germany is not an NGO. Everyone knew what they were signing up in the eurozone and the European Union; an economic project. Germany saw the profits in the idea and so did Spain."', '"Of course the situation is very bad, because we are doing all these adjustments," a spokesperson for the Spanish economy ministry told CNN.', 'However, the spokesman said the protest movement was smaller than in other countries and the Spanish population was "extremely reasonable."', "Spain, the fourth-largest economy in the eurozone, is suffering its second recession in three years, and its ailing banking industry has had to draw on the eurozone's bailout fund to stay afloat.", "In December, European finance ministers approved a 39.5 billion euro ($51.6 billion) bailout for Spain's banks, which suffered after the collapse of the country's property bubble.", "But the Mediterranean country has stopped short of following in the footsteps of Greece, Ireland and Portugal in requesting a full-blown sovereign bailout from the eurozone's rescue fund, the European Stability Mechanism.", "To stave off a bailout, Rajoy's administration has been forced to implement harsh austerity measures to keep government borrowing costs sustainable while ensuring larger eurozone partners, such as Germany, remain onside.", 'This South Korean couple has spent many of the past 60 years believing the other was dead. In fact, he was held prisoner by the North. ', 'For many Egyptians armed forces chief Abdel Fattah al-Sisi is a hero, despite the fact chants of "down with military rule" once rang out in Cairo.', 'From laptops to cell phones, cars to airplanes, all kinds of everyday products are made using crucial minerals that come from Africa. ', 'Captured on tape: A train derailed and snapped in two as it hurtled around a curve in Santiago de Compostela in Spain, killing 80 people.', "What would American Beauty, The Matrix and other classic films look like if they'd been made in Africa? Flip through these images to see.", 'A Maasai activist is trying to help his people adapt to the 21st century, starting radio stations and encouraging women to set up businesses.', "Google's new $35 Chromecast gadget streams Web to your television -- and looks set to shake up the consumer tech world.", 'VIP. Always take those three letters with a grain of salt, but sometimes they really do sweeten the pot, provide a once-in-a-lifetime experience.', 'Transparent dresses, vacuum shoes, shark-proof wetsuits and more: The life of a wearable technology user in the year 2015.', 'The script for Robocop, a futuristic tale of decline, had a note scribbled on the top of the first page. It read: "The future left Detroit behind."', 'What do you do when a bear walks into your bar? Witness says patrons were oblivious when exactly that happened in a bar in Colorado. ', "They've long been considered topics that aren't polite to discuss at the dinner table. And as it turns out, they're touchy on Wikipedia as well. "]