["Each day we'll bring you the very latest tabloid rumors as the biggest clubs around splash the cash to bolster their rosters. True or not, they're always entertainin...", "Each day we'll bring you the very latest tabloid rumors as the biggest clubs around splash the cash to bolster their rosters. True or not, they're always entertainin...", "Each day we'll bring you the very latest tabloid rumors as the biggest clubs around splash the cash to bolster their rosters. True or not, they're always entertainin...", "Each day we'll bring you the very latest tabloid rumors as the biggest clubs around splash the cash to bolster their rosters. True or not, they're always entertainin...", "Each day we'll bring you the very latest tabloid rumors as the biggest clubs around splash the cash to bolster their rosters. True or not, they're always entertainin...", "England soccer star Wayne Rooney was sent off during England's 2-2 draw with Montenegro on Friday night -- just a day after his father's arrest in connection with a ...", 'Newcastle boss Alan Pardew has confirmed he wants to sign strikers Darren Bent and Loic Remy, saying: "They are both on our list."Pardew wants to boost his strikefor...', "Bent and Ashley Young played key roles in England's 2-0 win over Wales in yesterday's Euro 2012 qualifier in Cardiff while Stewart Downing was used as a second-half ...", "Each day we'll bring you the very latest tabloid rumors as the biggest clubs around splash the cash to bolster their rosters. True or not, they're always entertainin...", "Each day we'll bring you the very latest tabloid rumors as the biggest clubs around splash the cash to bolster their rosters. True or not, they're always entertainin...", "England coach Fabio Capello has recalled Danny Welbeck for Wednesday's friendly against the Netherlands , picking the Manchester United striker ahead of the more exp...", "Each day we'll bring you the very latest tabloid rumors as the biggest clubs around splash the cash to bolster their rosters. True or not, they're always entertainin...", "Newcastle manager Alan Pardew on Wednesday admitted he is pushing the club's director of football Joe Kinnear to bring in new signings immediately.Kinnear was contro...", "Each day we'll bring you the very latest tabloid rumors as the biggest clubs around splash the cash to bolster their rosters. True or not, they're always entertainin...", "Paul Lambert has revealed Darren Bent will not require further surgery to overcome the ankle problem which first flared up nine months ago.Aston Villa's record signi...", 'Newcastle striker Papiss Cisse has been warned he cannot pick and choose elements of Islam after being photographed in a casino.The 28-year-old Senegal international...', "Each day we'll bring you the very latest tabloid rumors as the biggest clubs around splash the cash to bolster their rosters. True or not, they're always entertainin...", "Each day we'll bring you the very latest tabloid rumors as the biggest clubs around splash the cash to bolster their rosters. True or not, they're always entertainin..."]