['said. After the trial, opponents of  Prop 8  had asked that the videotapes be made an attorney representing opponents to  Prop 8 , released a statement after the decision critical of the use of the videotapes by  Judge Walker  after the trial was concluded. "This ', 'digital recordings of the  Prop 8  trial in California held in 2010. Defenders of  Prop 8  did not want the tapes released available. At trial the  Judge Vaughn Walker , who has since retired judge later struck down  Prop 8  , and the ruling is currently ', 'Effort to void Prop 8  decision fails in California. Supporters of same sex marriage ban argued Judge should have disqualified himself because he was involved in a same sex relationship', 'Warrantless Wiretapping: Should Feds Pay for Snooping on Suspected Terror Group?', "charity with suspected terrorist ties, tapping the group's phones without a warrant. U.S. District Court  Judge Vaughn Walker  has ordered the government to pay some $2.5 million in damages and attorneys fees to the organization, the ", 'S. District  Judge Vaughn Walker  struck down  Prop 8  saying it amounts who argued  Judge Walker \'s ruling should who supports  Prop 8 . "How\'s popular support,  Judge Walker  found that the Constitution.  Prop 8  Case Headed ', '9th Circuit Rules Gay Marriages to Stay on Hold in California During Appeals Process', 'marriage, though the case will not be heard in court until December. Earlier in the month, U.S. District  Judge Vaughn Walker  ruled that the ban, known as Proposition 8, amounts to unconstitutional discrimination. Just last week, Walker ', "U.S. District  Judge Vaughn Walker  struck down California's gay unconstitutional discrimination. Today,  Judge Walker  put gay marriage on hold for another we ask you, do you agree with  Judge Walker 's ruling or do you think he has ", 'wait." U.S. District  Judge Vaughn Walker  last week struck down the blocked five months later by  Prop 8 . Walker\'s ruling today stay will put into action  Judge Walker \'s basic premise that the Despite the popular support,  Judge Walker  found that the measure was ', "U.S. District  Judge Vaughn Walker  will announce today whether gay marriages are allowed to resume immediately in California or whether the state's ban on gay marriage ", 'S. District  Judge Vaughn Walker \'s decision that decision and asked  Judge Walker  to stay his ruling 9th Circuit.  Judge Walker  has asked lawyers threatens not only  Prop 8  in California resources put into the  Prop 8  case," he says ', 'Proposition 8 - California Gay Marriage Headed Towards Supreme Court; One Justice Holds Key', 'District Court  Judge Vaughn Walker \'s opinion stated of his pen,  Judge Walker  has overruled couples," wrote  Judge Walker . Geoff Kors supporting the  Prop .  8  federal challenge the ruling. " Judge Walker  has preserved ', "Are the words of  Judge Vaughn Walker . Who said under specific language in  judge Walker 's ruling. Was follow the ruling of  Judge Vaughn Walker . Which says that law as declared by  Judge Vaughn Walker  who found after a ", 'the remaining law of the land in California. Are the words of Judge Vaughn Walker Who said under equal protection and due process. Prop -- is unconstitutional. And therefore every of the 58 counties. Will be enjoined. ', 'the 58 denies its -- California. Has to follow the ruling of Judge Vaughn Walker Which says that this is unconstitutional. You are enjoined from permanently he wrote in his opinion permanently. Enjoined from enforcing proposition eight. ', 'the United States Supreme Court. Is there. The law as declared by Judge Vaughn Walker who found after a three week trial -- just from the -- -- things based on some opinion he how to try. ', "this case and so that's a it's no decision to practical results of that. Is that the original ruling. By  judge Vaughn walker  in San Francisco. Which struck down prop eight. Will stand and that will likely mean that in the near future ", 'decision to practical results of that. Is that the original ruling. By judge Vaughn walker in San Francisco. Which struck down prop eight. Will stand and that will likely mean that in the near future gay couples ', "still hold the that's all week after a federal  Judge Vaughn Walker  struck down proposition eight the voters supported years to tie the save. They can wait another week.  Judge walker  made clear he does not think that the appeals will ", "plans are still -- hold the that's all week after a federal Judge Vaughn Walker struck down proposition eight the voters supported ban on same sex marriage. He ruled such marriages should proceed. Just not quite yet. ", "closing argument US district  Judge Vaughn Walker  struck down California's gay unconstitutional. Discrimination. today  judge walker  put gay marriages on hold for I we asked do you agree with  judge Walker 's ruling or do you think he's ", "-- -- -- -- Time now for tonight's closing argument US district Judge Vaughn Walker struck down California's gay marriage ban. Known as proposition eight last week saying it amounted to unconstitutional. Discrimination. -- -- today judge walker put gay marriages on hold for another six days to give opponents a chance to appeal his decision. Otherwise gay marriage will be legal in California beginning next Wednesday. But and I we asked do you agree with judge Walker's ruling or do you think he's overstepped his role as a judge tell us what you think of an island FaceBook page. ", "that's all week after federal  Judge Vaughn Walker  struck down proposition eight suffered if there's not stake.  Judge walker  found these requirements weren't They can wait another week.  Judge walker  made clear he does not think ", "the wedding plans are still holds the that's all week after federal Judge Vaughn Walker struck down proposition eight the voters supported ban on same sex marriage. He ruled such marriages should proceed. Just not quite yet. ", "still holds the that's all week after a federal  Judge Vaughn Walker  struck down proposition eight the voters supported tie the knots save. They can wait another week.  Judge walker  made clear he does not think that the appeals will ", "wedding plans are still holds the that's all week after a federal Judge Vaughn Walker struck down proposition eight the voters supported ban on same sex marriage. He ruled such marriages should proceed. Just not quite yet. ", 'Wednesday. Brian Owens reports from West Hollywood. For the wedding plans are still hold. All week after a federal  Judge Vaughn Walker  struck down proposition eight the ban on same sex marriage ducks are not respecting the will of the people in California ', 'the wedding plans are still -- hold. All week after a federal Judge Vaughn Walker struck down proposition eight the ban on same sex marriage -- ducks -- are not respecting the will of the people in ']