['Report: The man had been petitioning over treatment that resulted in his paralysis', "(CNN) -- A man in a wheelchair set off a homemade explosive inside the Beijing Capital International Airport on Saturday, according to China's state-run Xinhua news agency.", 'The man, identified as 34-year-old Ji Zhongxing, was hospitalized after suffering injuries to his arm, which were not considered life threatening. No other people were injured, according to Xinhua. ', 'Authorities say the device that was detonated at 6:24 p.m. Saturday was similar to fireworks, the state-run news agency said.', "Officials said Ji set off the explosives just outside the arrivals exit at the airport's Terminal 3, after he was stopped from handing out leaflets about his complaints. The man from Heze city, in Shandong province, had been petitioning for more than 10 years over treatment that resulted in his paralysis, state-run media reported.", 'In China, people often petition local and national authorities about their grievances.', 'In some cases, frustrated petitioners have taken violent action. One man, Yang Jia, had tried to file a complaint about his treatment by police. In 2008, he stormed a Shanghai police station and killed six police officers. He was executed later that year.', 'The Xinhua story echoed advice urging people "not to take extreme measures to vent their anger, as such moves could disrupt public order."', 'A Chinese investigation allegedly turns up a bribery network involving government officials, doctors, hospitals and at least 700 travel agencies.', 'Sinkholes are devouring 20 million square meters of land on the northern Chinese plain, destroying homes and displacing families. ', "Dubai's Burj Khalifa has less than a year left as the world's tallest building, as China begins work on the projected 838-meter (2,749 feet) Sky City.", 'On this month\'s episode of On China, host Kristie Lu Stout explores the "Chinese Dream," widely considered as the governing catchphrase of Chinese president Xi Jinping. ', 'The Chinese white dolphin, treasured by the people of Hong Kong for its pink color and friendly nature, is in danger.', "In Chengdu, Asia's first UNESCO-listed City of Gastronomy, Yu's Family Kitchen is giving Sichuan food a makeover.", 'Near the border with mainland China, lies a decrepit village where Hong Kong asylum seekers wait to have their claims processed.', "The Chinese government blames jihadists for violence in Xinjiang, while ethnic Uighurs say they're being scapegoated.", 'Jin Xing is one of the first Chinese to have a sex change operation -- and the first officially recognized by the Chinese government.', 'Millionaire Chinese admirers of the American way of life have found their own patch of liberty in a replica of Jackson Hole, Wyoming, inside China. ', 'Share with us your photos and videos of life in China-- the everyday China. The best content could be featured online or on air.']