['Movie director Peter Bogdanovich is 74. Singer Paul Anka is 72. Jazz saxophonist David Sanborn is 68. Actor  Arnold Schwarzenegger  is 66. Actor Jean Reno ("The Da Vinci Code," \'\'Godzilla") is 65. Blues singer Otis Taylor is 65. Actor ', 'Sylvester Stallone says so, and  Arnold Schwarzenegger  agrees. The two action stars pop-culture extravaganza.  Schwarzenegger  characterized the Comic-Con prison. Stallone said he and  Schwarzenegger  have wanted to make a film ', 'called that." Favorite Republican? "I would say  Governor Schwarzenegger , the former governor of \'California\' as he friends as governors, from Utah. But I would say  Schwarzenegger . He\'s a character. He\'s charismatic. He ', "Schifrin covered Hurricane Katrina in Mississippi and Hurricane Wilma in southern Florida. In 2003 he covered  Arnold Schwarzenegger 's campaign for California governor, and in 2004 he reported on the presidential campaigns, traveling with ", "little progress on diplomatic issues between the two leaders. 1986: Maria Shriver and  Arnold Schwarzenegger  Marry Maria Shriver and  Arnold Schwarzenegger  joined in matrimony on this day in 1986. Shriver's mother, Eunice Kennedy Shriver ", 'WHAT WE\'RE READING -"  SCHWARZENEGGER  PLANS IMMIGRATION FORUM AS bill, former California  Gov .  Arnold Schwarzenegger  is planning to host a forum process demands action,\'  Schwarzenegger  said in a statement to The ', 'survived the storm: Sen. David Vitter, R-La., former Sen. Ted Kennedy, D-Mass., former California  Gov .  Arnold Schwarzenegger , former Rep. Barney Frank, D-Mass., former speaker of the House and GOP presidential candidate Newt ', 'expressing interest in serving as the interim to fill John Kerry\'s vacated Senate seat.  Arnold Schwarzenegger  Former body builder  Arnold Schwarzenegger  faced numerous allegations of sexual misconduct during his initial run for "Governator ', "Here you have this traditional knowledge that's been around for 5,000 years. ... It's kind of like if  Arnold Schwarzenegger  said I'm going to do five bench presses, six curls, seven squats, call it 'Arnold's Work' and nobody ", 'Gay Marriage There have been other high-profile Republican supporters of same-sex marriage. California  Gov .  Arnold Schwarzenegger  fought against Prop. 8, which banned same-sex marriage in his state in 2008. A Relevant Issue? Vice President ', "Express bill and even Paris Hilton's credit score. Beyonce, Jay Z, Mel Gibson, Britney Spears, Hulk Hogan,  Arnold Schwarzenegger  and Donald Trump were some of the other celebrities who were allegedly hacked. Cyber security analysts say the ", "Michelle Obama, Joe Biden and Other Celebrities' Personal Information Allegedly Hacked", "Express bill and even Paris Hilton's credit score. Beyonce, Jay Z, Mel Gibson, Britney Spears, Hulk Hogan,  Arnold Schwarzenegger  and Donald Trump were some of the other celebrities who were allegedly hacked. ABC News reached out to them overnight ", 'COURT/AFP/Getty Images)  Arnold Schwarzenegger  will be flexing his editorial In 1968, a 21-year-old  Schwarzenegger  was made the face of bodybuilding the magazines, Joe Wieder.  Schwarzenegger  has since appeared on the ', "Governor Schwarzenegger  will sign an emergency a budget plan later today and it'll would not give up a basic 842 billion dollar deficit and  Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger  said state workers home unpaid and stopped income tax refunds ", "Governor Schwarzenegger will sign an emergency a budget plan later today and it'll affect everybody and and California from. Taking less pay home and ", "I don't know  Schwarzenegger  he's our exclusive guest this morning from Copenhagen later rising bond keyboard. Is he's a great need on this issue.  Governor Schwarzenegger  thanks very much for time this morning. Absolutely thank ", "I don't know Schwarzenegger he's our exclusive guest this morning from Copenhagen -- later today he'll address the world climate change conference good morning governor. Hello ", "right it it's somewhat technical legal issue but the way you said it is the way to understand. Neither  Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger . Our governor Jerry Brown would defend this law so who's going to defend law. In the court when the couples ", "but the way you said it is the way to understand. Neither Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger . Our governor Jerry Brown would defend this law so who's going to defend -- law. In the court when the couples who ", 'Historic recall propelled  Governor Schwarzenegger  into public office nearly governor Gray Davis. Now  Schwarzenegger  is the target of another guards have been at odds with  Governor Schwarzenegger  for two years union negotiators ', 'Historic recall propelled Governor Schwarzenegger into public office nearly five years ago replacing and then governor Gray Davis. Now Schwarzenegger is the target of another recall to kick him out of office. Initiated by the very rich and powerful prison guard union. ', "back. It's no secret the prison guards have been at odds with Governor Schwarzenegger for two years union negotiators have been unable to get either a pay raise support Contra. It's -- that I would not be intimidated. Anybody. That is demanding more money -- this they can afford and it demands fuels. More than the state of Wu who is wanted to give. Look at prison guards insist the recall is not about their contract. Instead it's about things like Schwarzenegger's lack of leadership and breaking the budget stalemate. And the State's ever growing deficit. While both parties agreed this is a distraction ", 'Governor Schwarzenegger  got the ball rolling for the state to possibly take out of rare emergency loan from the federal government. Seven billion dollars ', 'Governor Schwarzenegger got the ball rolling for the state to possibly take out of rare emergency loan from the federal government. Seven billion dollars. ', "completely personal former  Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger . Making a public admission evening this is a secret  Schwarzenegger  has kept for more than a couple's four children. Today  Schwarzenegger  declined to answer all of ", "A big story that is at once political and completely personal former Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger . Making a public admission that He fathered a child ten years ago with a woman who worked in the family home. Tonight He is apologizing. Maria Shriver his wife expressing pain but the need for privacy. Had their children David Wright has the whole story of what happened today David. Good evening -- this is a secret Schwarzenegger has kept for more than a decade from millions of California voters and from his immediate family He has been supporting this child all the while. And it's gotta be devastating news for his wife and the couple's four children. Today Schwarzenegger declined to answer all of the obvious question. Yesterday hours before He went public with the news paparazzi caught up with him ", "Katherine the eldest of those children tweeted this is definitely not easy. Schwarzenegger is bombshells certainly explains last week's abrupt announcement after 25 years of marriage that He and Maria Shriver have split. According to the Los Angeles Times which broke this story -- moved out of their Brentwood mansion after Schwarzenegger told her about the affair and the child. The mother was a member of their personal staff for twenty years she quit just in January the child was born before Schwarzenegger ever entered politics. By 2003. During his first campaign for governor He vaguely -- now edged past indiscretions. But insisted to Peter ", 'thank you for the love. And the strength that is given me Schwarzenegger himself said He -- his victory tour and I know. How many votes I got the day because the viewer not. Maria ', 'Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger  of California issuing a kind recovering from his own broken leg  Governor Schwarzenegger  had to speak through video about even more bureaucracy.  Governor Schwarzenegger  says this plan will actually ', "But you must be insured. Still recovering from his own broken leg Governor Schwarzenegger had to speak through video -- about his sweeping plan to cover California's six point five million uninsured including all children regardless ", "how much will these plans cost will they create even more bureaucracy. Governor Schwarzenegger says this plan will actually save ten billion -- here. Critics don't see it. But -- the states are clearly seeing as "]