['California\'s attorney general calls for same-sex marriages to resume "as soon as possible."', "this they got in in  California  I know that supporters law in the state of  California  because of course the Schwarzenegger. Our  governor Jerry Brown  would defend this law there's a part of  California  law which says the ", "actually turn acted to be defending. The law in the state of California because of course the governor would not do it. That's right it it's -- somewhat technical legal issue but the way you said it is the way to understand. Neither Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger. Our governor Jerry Brown would defend this law so who's going to defend -- law. In the court when the couples who wanted to get married brought to court. As it turns out there's -- there's a part of California law which says the proponents. Of a ballot initiative -- a referendum. Can be designated. As the -- to represent the state. And defend the law the California Supreme Court approved of that but in this court during oral arguments these justices were very concerned about that they said. Private citizens. Don't have any accountability. To the state to the taxpayers is that they could spend as much money as they want -- -- -- They could say anything they want in the lawsuit the most -- prejudicial things for example and they aren't accountable to the people of California And they said basically we don't want every Tom Dick and Harry coming up saying I'm represent North Carolina today I'm representing Illinois today. Then standing in the federal court is tougher. More narrow -- the California courts -- so that's basically what we're looking but he's kind of. -- that in both the -- in the case and the prop eight case you don't have the US government defending a US law. And you don't have the state of California prop eight defending a California law. And that creates these these sort of interest being. Defenders. Who come forward and say okay. We understand the government won't ", "democratic  governor Jerry Brown  has decided night. Well  Jerry Brown  told us today epic duel in  California . Between California  and  California 's you know loads into  California  fuels and ready to give  Jerry Brown  And make ", "And come November former democratic governor Jerry Brown has decided to ride into the race for governor again for the Republicans as we said the head of -- the former head of eBay Meg Whitman. Who has spent eighteen million dollars of her own money and has plenty more to spend she won a decisive primary victory last night. Well Jerry Brown told us today He wants the country to know that He sees this as an epic duel in California Between the politics of ideas and the power of money. So we're talking about a billionaire's. Demolition. -- -- -- Demolition derby. ", "ultimately is not just the  California  law but marriage same sex marriage.  California 's Republican Governor And democratic  attorney general Jerry Brown  say the law is unconstitutional If it isn't just  California  and it isn't just ", "don't really have a democracy at stake ultimately is not just the California law but marriage laws all across the country. Only five states recognize same sex marriage and 36 a band. This decision will impact millions the fight over prop eight has joined some odd couples on the side of same sex marriage. California's Republican Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger. And democratic attorney general Jerry Brown -- say the law is unconstitutional. And left it to a private organization to defend it. The lawyers joined on the attacked our David Boies who represented the Democrats in the infamous Florida recount. And conservative Ted Olson who beat him in the Supreme Court it. If it isn't just California and it isn't just people. Who wanted to get married it is civil rights in this country and decency and fairness. And ", "The very law that expanded  California 's DNA database leading are now suing the state of  California  hoping the expanded database declared. Unconstitutional.  California attorney general Jerry Brown  will be defending the new ", "to give a sample of her DNA. The very law that expanded California's DNA database leading to the -- sleepers arrest. Requires that anyone arrested for a felony give a DNA sample. Whether or not there ever charged or convicted. In -- case the charges were dropped but that DNA sample is still in the database who knows what they're gonna do with ninety inning. Haskell and others backed by the American Civil Liberties Union are now suing the state of California hoping the expanded database will be declared. Unconstitutional. California attorney general Jerry Brown will be defending the new law. There is in our society a presumption of innocence. Does this in any way infringe on ", "The very law that expanded  California 's DNA database leading Are now suing the state of  California  hoping the expanded database declared unconstitutional.  California attorney general Jerry Brown  will be defending the new ", "to give a sample of her DNA. The very law that expanded California's DNA database leading to the -- sleepers arrest. Requires that anyone arrested for a felony give a DNA sample. Whether or not there ever charged or convicted. And -- case the charges were dropped but that DNA sample is still in the database who knows what they're gonna do with ninety inning. Haskell and others backed by the American Civil Liberties Union. Are now suing the state of California hoping the expanded database will be declared unconstitutional. California attorney general Jerry Brown will be defending the new law. There is in our society a presumption of innocence. Does this in any way infringe on ", 'complained or annoyed Glenn Hughes  California  prosecutors say the nursing attorney declined to talk to us  California attorney general Jerry Brown  says Hughes ordered one patient happened here in this rural  California  nursing home may be an extreme ', "not guilty to these charges her attorney declined to talk to us California attorney general Jerry Brown says Hughes ordered one patient drug for glaring -- Another for throwing a carton of milk some were left drooling dehydrated in dangerously thin. Elderly people are actually held down. Restrained against their will and then drugged and other cases. We're given excessive amounts of medicine to keep -- quiet. To manage them. What happened here in this rural California nursing home may be an extreme case. But experts say over drugging is common nationwide in the number of nursing home residents ", 'complained or annoyed Glenn Hughes  California  prosecutors say the nursing attorney declined to talk to us  California attorney general Jerry Brown  says Hughes ordered one patient happened here in this rural  California  nursing home may be an extreme ', "not guilty to these charges her attorney declined to talk to us California attorney general Jerry Brown says Hughes ordered one patient drug for glaring -- Another for throwing a carton of milk some were left drooling dehydrated in dangerously thin. Elderly people are actually held down. Restrained against their will and then drugged and other cases. We're given excessive amounts of medicine to keep -- quiet. To manage them. What happened here in this rural California nursing home may be an extreme case. But experts say over drugging is common nationwide in the number of nursing home residents ", 'If the measure passes  California  would be the first state field poll shows 56% of  California  voters support legalization where to sell candidates  California attorney general Jerry Brown  is opposed to the badger ', "around them are saying yes a recent field poll shows 56% of California voters support legalization I think it's a good idea to legalize. In decriminalize. -- hopefully that'll. -- -- -- -- Clear out the prisons. And put away the -- criminals cities and counties would decide how and where to sell candidates California attorney general Jerry Brown is opposed to the badger -- -- tail county district attorney Jim fox supports medical marijuana but as opposed to legalization. Claiming ", "Sarah Palin gave a controversial speech at a  California  University last protesters outside objected that she turned serious when she took aim at  California attorney general Jerry Brown  now investigating the public university Foundation's ", "made light of that she turned serious when she took aim at California attorney general Jerry Brown -- now investigating the public university Foundation's finances. The Foundation's president -- its goal was not to make a political statement but ", "devote our lives to doing. But critics like  California attorney general Jerry Brown  called a partisan showman. Who uncovered no expose people doing things they shouldn't do  Jerry Brown . Points out that they didn't even show any ", "this and we're gonna devote our lives to doing. But critics like California attorney general Jerry Brown called -- a partisan showman. Who uncovered no illegal activity and -- reality for political gain. This winter at the height of ", 'this falcons for.  California  which it can now original case to the  California  Supreme Court at eight violates the  California  constitution. If state constitution.  Attorney general Jerry Brown  says the 181000 people ', "-- Today yes and then out I want maybe this falcons for. California which it can now have more rights than gay people. The couple that took the original case to the California Supreme Court at one Robin Tyler and Diane Olson say they're now fighting back I am still married to Diane today. I do not want the way domestic partnership we want the -- marriage. We just. Are equal rights. And I. And surprised at this point. There attorney Gloria Allred is filing a lawsuit saying prop eight violates the California constitution. If marriage is now limited to straight couples and excludes. Gay couples. Then it is inconsistent. And in conflict. With the equal protection clause. Of our state constitution. Attorney general Jerry Brown says the 181000 people married between may fifteenth and today. Should be ballot at least for now what happens next will be ", "I predict that  California 's massive 25 billion dollar budget State. Some economic experts even say  California  could default on its bonds she was falling into the lap of  Jerry Brown  which is sworn in as governor. It ", "I predict that California's massive 25 billion dollar budget shortfall will be the dominant story in the Golden State. Some economic experts even say California could default on its bonds -- she was falling into the lap of Jerry Brown -- which is sworn in as governor. It seems that some politicians just got more energy with time. At 72 he's now ", "I'm doing it right here Debbie you know good well Donald supporting anything like got. And moving out west  former governor Jerry Brown  now pursuing that off. again. Thought he had hung up the phone after leaving a message with a union representative ", 'good well -- Donald supporting anything like got. And moving out west former governor Jerry Brown now pursuing that off. -- again. Thought he had hung up the phone after leaving a message with a union representative for ', 'drivers on the West Coast tonight right now in  California . The average price of a gallon of gas is four three dollars and 81 cents a gallon. But today  California governor Jerry Brown  decided to speed up the release of a winter blend ', 'painful milestone for drivers on the West Coast tonight right now in California The average price of a gallon of gas is four dollars and 67 cents the highest in the nation and the result of refinery troubles. By comparison the national average tonight is three dollars and 81 cents a gallon. But today California governor Jerry Brown decided to speed up the release of a winter blend of gasoline and that should bring those record high prices back down ', 'easing in Southern  California  but the fear of mudslides effects up down on the  California  coast in the mountains guys danger. Acting  governor Jerry Brown  has declared a state saturated Southern  California  increasing the threat ', "heavy mud now the fear of rain may be easing in Southern California but the fear of mudslides. Is not. Imagine if you opened up your door and saw this a frightening dropped. Right into the ocean well that's the reality at this apartment complex in Pacifica. Rick Jenkins shows us what He used to call home terrifying. When you look out the window -- -- -- -- the patio it's an eighty foot drop the storms have startling effects up -- down on the California coast in the mountains and even offshore. On a regular day Coast Guard air station LA would fly this goes -- about 1012 hours that day but this is not whether assist about the series at. What bad weather company they'll -- go out and distress call there's no reason to put these guys -- danger. Acting governor Jerry Brown has declared a state of emergency in five counties six hours of driving rain Thursday saturated Southern California increasing the threat of mudslides. All. Evacuation orders remain in effect more than 12100 people had been ordered to leave their homes ", 'apparent attempt to shoot president Ford in Sacramento  California  today or a young woman standing only two feet from leads up to the capitol building where it was going to  governor Jerry Brown . This is all throng pack videotaped footage shot ', 'leads up to the capitol building where it was going to -- governor Jerry Brown This is all throng pack videotaped footage shot by government Carl Larson. Some of it. No Secret Service. The way if you ', 'Building a business is tough. But I building a business in  California  is next impossible and I have a message for  California  businesses come check out text. There are serious story guys you take a little radio. And all you guys run like lap dogs ', 'Building a business is tough. But I -- building a business in California is next impossible and I have a message for California businesses come check out text. There are serious story guys you take a little radio. And all you guys run like lap ', "nomination in  California . all of in Nevada we are here in  California . A State's former democratic  governor Jerry Brown  has decided to night. Well  Jerry Brown  told us today epic duel in  California . Between the ", "Karl thanks to you and as you know we are here in California A State's reeling from debt was no easy solution in sight. And come November former democratic governor Jerry Brown has decided to ride into the race for governor again for the Republicans as we said the head of eBay the former head of eBay Meg Whitman. Who has spent eighteen million dollars of her own money -- has plenty more to -- she won a decisive primary victory last night. Well Jerry Brown told us today He wants the country to know that He sees this as an epic duel in California Between the politics of ideas and the power of money. So we're talking about a billionaire's. Demolition. -- -- -- -- Demolition ", "nomination in  California . You all. In we are here in  California . A State's former democratic  governor Jerry Brown  has decided to night. Well  Jerry Brown  told us today epic duel in  California . Between the ", "Karl thanks to you and as you know we are here in California A State's reeling from debt with no easy solution in sight. And come November former democratic governor Jerry Brown has decided to ride into the race for governor again for the Republicans as we said. The head of eBay the former head of eBay Meg Whitman. Who has spent eighteen million dollars of her own money -- has plenty more to -- she won a decisive primary victory last night. Well Jerry Brown told us today He wants the country to know that He sees this as an epic duel in California Between the politics of ideas and the power of money. So we're talking about a billionaire's. Demolition. -- -- -- -- Demolition "]