['This content comes from Closed Captioning that was broadcast along with this program.', 'well be more than just frost on the pumpkin where you are tonight. we start this evening with a ', '. a dramatic and practically overnight temperature swing has turned what had been an exceptionally mild fall for most of the country into a ', " as the mercury went from the 70s and 80s in many places down into the 30s and 40s, even below freezing. we'll get the outlook for the week ahead in a moment, but we start with nbc's michelle frand frandsen here in new ", ' sweeping across much of the u.s. quickly wiped away the last remnants of summer. just yesterday there were 74 record low temperatures stretching from the northwest down to the southeast, from 37 degrees in st. louis, 31 in alabama and 5 ', ' in northern wyoming. and tonight portions of the country are under frost and freeze advisories. an early start to the cold season in a year where extreme heat has dominated.', "temperatures that we're seeing now are a good 10 to 30 degrees below average. now we have a trough or dip in the ", " that's been dipping down and all that cold brimming around the antarctic has been coming down to the low 48.", 'temperatures brought snow. in the last week, the first snow of the season blanketed the region, coating areas of minnesota with more than a foot of snow. people bundled up, lining the route of the new ', "it's not too bad, but these 90-year-old legs are just a little chilly right now.", 'it feels a little colder than 45 degrees. my hands are freezing, but the rest of me is warm because i have on a lot of layers.', " is expected to lapse into the next week. what we don't know yet, let tster, is if this is a sign for a ", ". a couple winter blasts are rolling in from the system. we'll see that system reaching the east tomorrow, touching places like virginia and the carolinas, those temperatures to be about 20 degrees below average. behind that, another system moo moves in, this one bringing snow to the ", ' plunging across the midwest, more unsettled weather midweek, rain and some snow possible on friday. ']