['is essential for building a private  bullet train  between a Southern California desert administration has been eager to develop new  high - speed rail  corridors across the U.S., and project also faces competition from a  high - speed rail  line championed by Gov. Jerry Brown ', 'is essential for building a private  bullet train  between a Southern California desert administration has been eager to develop new  high - speed rail  corridors across the U.S., and project also faces competition from a  high - speed rail  line championed by Gov. Jerry Brown ', "in 2012 that it would be three to four times faster than a  bullet train . Students Build a Solar Car to Race in the Australian Outback was prompted by California's long plan to build its own  bullet train  between San Francisco to Los Angeles, which is estimated ", "projects over the next five years, including Mexico's first  high - speed rail  links. Mexico abandoned all regular passenger train service Nieto said Monday that about 360 miles (580 kilometers) of  high - speed rail  links will be built, including links between Mexico City ", "tax the rich a tiny bit, if we do it right now and we show lots of ads of happy kids getting schoolbooks. We can build  high - speed rail , if we slash aid to the poor. ... A lot of people are saying that, now that he's done what was long assumed impossible ", 'more: Boehner: Obama Lacks \'Guts\' 4. Boost  High - Speed Rail  Access to 80 percent. Obama in 2011: "Within goal is to give 80 percent of Americans access to  high - speed rail ." Did it happen? TBD. Major infrastructure ', "Washington's Puget Sound, scenery is front and center. And as Californians debate the merits and cost of a proposed  high - speed rail  line that would connect Los Angeles and San Francisco in about two hours and 40 minutes (initial funding for a 130-mile ", 'burger and soda. But the reality is more complicated," he said. Amtrak is weighing whether to build a $151-billion  high - speed rail  line between Washington and Boston, and complete a $6.5 billion renovation of Washington\'s Union Station. Joseph ', 'obscurity to mainstream via Twitter with an assist from major media http://nyti.ms/HtRceA @TomBevanRCP : Ruh-roh: CA  bullet train  facing federal probe. http://lat.ms/HGJ4lU @PounderFile : From @RNCresearch ... NEW INFOGRAPHIC: The Buffett ', "Delta are being raised about China's breakneck plans to expand  high speed rail  across the country in the wake of a  bullet train  wreck that killed at least 39 people. One train rammed into the back of another that had ", "Delta are being raised about China's breakneck plans to expand high speed rail across the country in the wake of a bullet train wreck that killed at least 39 people. One train rammed into the back of another that had stalled after being hit by ", 'reliable ways to move people goods and information. From  high speed rail  to high speed Internet. Our infrastructure used to be the 25 years our goal is to give 80% of Americans access to  high speed rail . This could allow you to go places and half the time it ', 'the fastest most reliable ways to move people goods and information. From high speed rail to high speed Internet. Our infrastructure used to be the best. Early to slip. South Korean homes now have greater Internet access ', '25 years our goal is to give 80% of Americans access to high speed rail . This could allow you to go places and half the time it takes to travel by car. For some trips to will ', 'that powers our economy we need more  high speed rail  Internet. Hi tech schools and self his transportation legacy will be.  High speed rail  and America bringing passenger rail countries and last warning have looking at  high speed rail  in the common thread. Throughout every ', 'need to modernize the infrastructure that powers our economy we need more high speed rail Internet. Hi tech schools and self healing power grids bridges and tunnels imports. And -- ship products all around the world -- ', "And he's gonna have many legacies. But his transportation legacy will be. High speed rail and America bringing passenger rail all over America. And let me tell you what I mean by that I visited eighteen countries and last warning have -- looking at high speed rail in the common thread. Throughout every country is a national vision. National leadership. National commitment and that's what the president provided. Over the last four and a half years. What he's said to America is we know you want a different kind of transportation. And Lincoln started the rail system. In America. Obama -- has started high speed rail in America. What a great. We're proud of that vision Mr. President thank you for him. Thank you for really given a ", "Lahood also spoke about his tenure praising the president's plan to bring high speed rail to the country Anthony Foxx then thanked the president for his nomination. As we mentioned earlier there has been some talk about ", "in need of repair. Ask any where they'd rather locate and The country with deteriorating roads and bridges. one with  high speed rail  and Internet. Hi tech schools self healing power grids. The CEO of Siemens America a company that brought hundreds of ", '-- The country with -- deteriorating roads and bridges. -- one with high speed rail and Internet. Hi tech schools self healing power grids. The CEO of Siemens America a company that brought hundreds of new jobs ', "of great tragedy the memo reads there's great Bottom line do not question do not elaborate. China is Beijing Shanghai  bullet train  opened earlier this month with much fanfare. An example if China beating the US senate of technology and infrastructure ", 'Bottom line do not question do not elaborate. China is Beijing Shanghai bullet train opened earlier this month with much fanfare. An example if China beating the US senate -- of technology and infrastructure. David Muir ', "transcontinental railroads to the interstate highway system. And it's unacceptable when countries like China are building  high speed rail  networks and gleaming new airports. While more than a million construction workers who could be doing the same thing ", "interstate highway system. And it's unacceptable when countries like China are building high speed rail networks and gleaming new airports. While more than a million construction workers who could be doing the same thing. Are unemployed right ", 'Mr. rubio as you know developing  high speed rail  that would link Orlando and Tampa Bay Right here right now that if you win  high speed rail  may have to wait. Let me tell you along with economic. An expensive  high speed rail  would leave us with the down payment ', "the -- dollar General Petraeus recommendation. Mr. rubio as you know developing high speed rail that would link Orlando and Tampa Bay into one of the largest economic markets the world and clearly create jobs. But you also want to cut discretionary non defense spending back to the levels of two years ago how can we possibly have both or are you willing to tell the folks here in Florida. Right here right now that if you win high speed rail may have to wait. Let me tell you this there's no shortage of good programs you can spend money on you -- ", "the predominant issue facing our country along with -- economic. An expensive high speed rail would leave us with the down payment with rail -- did not Wear off. Again that's the problem with the decisions that ", "watching this show wouldn't have a paycheck coming to their home. The high speed rail Craig that you mentioned we worked on very hard and our administration. Three different times -- called special session to get it "]