['FAA investigates after jet taxing across Alaska runway causes passenger jet to abort landing', "Record number of climbers reach summit of Alaska's Mount McKinley during centennial season", "VIDEO: Mother defends her brood from a male bear in Alaska's Katmai National Park.", "VIDEO: Mother defends her brood from a male bear in Alaska's Katmai National Park.", "Don't get between a mama bear undercuts is a lesson that a male -- learned the hard -- a -- and Connor. And cot meet national park in Alaska now take a look you -- the mama bear and her cubs three of them pawing around -- small fall. -- -- -- crowd down the bottom but almost everywhere -- ", 'Alicia Hotovec-Ellis sped the recording at 60 times to make it more recognizable to the human ear.', "A kid throwing a temper tantrum and a volcanic eruption have a lot in common. Both are preceded by a low pitched whine that immediately informs either a geologist or a parent that something is amiss. That sound gets higher and higher in pitch as the minutes fly by. There's that brief period of", 'The Alaskan Command is working with the Joint POW/MIA Accounting Command, a division of the Department of Defense, to recover human remains and debris ensconced in an Alaskan glacier from a plane crash that took place 61 years ago. On Nov. 22 1952, an Air...', 'NTSB investigating crash that killed the pilot and nine passengers at small airport in Soldotna.', 'pilot after this commuter plane burst into flames during takeoff. The National Transportation Safety Board is on its way to the small airport Anchorage to figure out the cause of that crash. ', 'An investigative team from the National Transportation Safety Board is expected to arrive in Soldotna, Alaska, today to begin a probe into what caused a single-engine propeller plane to crash over the weekend, killing all 10 people on board. The charred wreckage of a de Havilland DHC3 Otter', 'A Washington man caught a record-breaking fish that could be centuries old. Henry Liebman, a real estate developer from Seattle, caught the shortracker rockfish 10 miles off the coast of Sitka, Alaska. Its size, experts say, indicates that it could be over 200 years old....', 'The cutest U.S. government employees just got their own live webcam. Three Alaskan Husky puppies--Munter, Prusik, and Clove--were born to mother Sultana and father Typhoon on May 22 at the Denali National Park and Preserve in Denali Park, Alaska. The pups have already begun their training to become', 'on. Record breaking heat in an unlikely corner of america today. Take a look. Just another day at the beach in anchorage. That\'s right, alaska\'s TEMPERATURE SOARING INTO THE 80s AND 90s. Neal karlinsky checked it out. Reporter: They\'re calling it "baked alaska" and while it is a treat it\'s no', 'in anchorage. That\'s right, alaska\'s TEMPERATURE SOARING INTO THE 80s AND 90s. Neal karlinsky checked it out. Reporter: They\'re calling it "baked alaska" and while it is a treat it\'s no dessert. The great alaska heat wave of 2013 continues. Reporter: That\'s right heat wave the two words people in alaska usually hear about other places. It\'s very warm yes. Reporter: The land of polar bears, sled dogs and frozen tundra knows it\'s cold as we\'ve seen first Reporter: But, this week\'s record heat has left them caught off guard and headed to the beach. Hardware stores are running low on fans. Our shelves are attempty and normally we would have a full summer supply. Reporter: Health officials took the step of warning residents to use sun screen, several cities which recorded record low temperatures a month ago are shattering ', 'PHOTO: Huskie pups Munter, Prusik and Clove shown at Denali National Park and Preserve in Denali Park, Alaska.', 'PHOTO: Huskie pups Munter, Prusik and Clove shown at Denali National Park and Preserve in Denali Park, Alaska.', 'A man who was mauled by a black bear at an Alaska campground after feeding it meat from a church barbeque "should consider himself lucky" to be alive, officials said. Jesus Mabalot, 38, of Anchorage was attending a picnic with a church group at Eklutna Lake Campground when he wandered away from the', 'PHOTO: Alaska Lt. Gov. Mead Treadwell swears in members of the House of Representatives on the first day of the Alaska State Legislature in Juneau, Alaska, Jan. 15, 2013.', 'PHOTO: Alaska Lt. Gov. Mead Treadwell swears in members of the House of Representatives on the first day of the Alaska State Legislature in Juneau, Alaska, Jan. 15, 2013.']