['VIDEO: Gusty, hot winds blew an Arizona blaze out of control in a forest northwest of Phoenix killing 19.', 'VIDEO: Gusty, hot winds blew an Arizona blaze out of control in a forest northwest of Phoenix killing 19.', 'Gusty, hot winds blew an Arizona blaze out of control in a forest northwest of Phoenix killing 19.', "emergency shelters -- and what that really means is something drastic happens. Big Dig themselves a hole right there in the ground and they put a cover on top them. And they hope. That the fire passes over them. There's like a 50% survival rate with this so when you're deploying your emergency shelter as it's called you know. It's it's his right it has a have ", 'A fast-moving wildfire in Yarnell, Ariz., killed 19 firefighters part of an elite fire unit Sunday, according to officials. Authorities believe the wildfire began in Yarnell, about 90 miles northwest of Phoenix, Friday with a lightning strike and spread to 2,000 acres on Sunday amid triple-digit', 'VIDEO: Parts of Arizona, California and Nevada are seeing life-threatening heat waves.', 'VIDEO: Parts of Arizona, California and Nevada are seeing life-threatening heat waves.', "the city, is the extreme fire danger that we face. Reporter: In death valley , they're closing in on the hottest temperature ever. It will be a weekend of breaking records for major cities in the southwest. All thanks to a slow-moving high pressure system, or heat dome. And right here in las vegas, still not ", "those big guys. I don't think we're going to hit that all-time record high , but i do think we could get to 130 degrees in death valley . If we hit 130, it will have been almost a century. ", 'Janet Seplow Found Her Car and School Identification Card Vandalized With Swastikas.', 'Famed daredevil and tightrope walker Nik Wallenda plans to attempt to cross the Little Colorado River Gorge in Arizona tonight, without using either a tether or a safety harness. Wallenda will be walking along a quarter-mile stretch of two-inch steel cable, 1,500 feet in the air, according to his']