['Republicans and Democrats have traditionally sat separately on their respective sides of the aisle. But in the wake of the shooting of Rep. Gabrielle Giffords of Arizona last year, members of Congress teamed up for the first time, projecting a greater sense of unity and civility in politics.', 'Following a year that could go down as one of the fiercest and most partisan years on Capitol Hill in recent memory, the proposal for another bipartisan, mixed seating arrangement was envisioned again this year by Sen. Mark Udall, D-Colo., at the one-year remembrance ceremony of the Tucson shooting earlier this month.', 'Like last year, there are also some odd-couple pairings in the mixed-seating chart this year.', 'Freshmen Reps. David Cicilline, D-R.I., and Nan Hayworth, R-N.Y., co-chairs of the bipartisan Common Ground Caucus, will sit next to each other.', 'Sens. Richard Shelby, R-Ala., and Mary Landrieu, D-La., will also sit side-by-side.', 'Reps. Joe Donnelly, D-Ind., and Bob Latta, R-Ohio, have decided to sit together. So have Reps. Michael Grimm, R-N.Y., and Loretta Sanchez, D-Calif. Sometimes the relationship that helps create the match can be obscure. Donnelly and Latta serve together on the Congressional Steel Caucus, while Grimm and Sanchez serve together on the Congressional Morocco Caucus.', 'In some cases, lawmakers are opting to sit with a member from their state from the opposing party.', 'Sen. Joe Manchin, D-W.Va., was to have paired up to sit with Sen. Mark Kirk, R-Ill. But now Kirk will not attend the speech as he recovers in Chicago from a stroke this weekend.', 'A bipartisan delegation of members from upstate New York will also to sit together. Democrats Brian Higgins, Bill Owens, Kathy Hochul, and Paul Tonko will sit with Republicans Tom Reed, Ann Marie Buerkle, Chris Gibson, and Richard Hanna.', 'You are using an outdated version of Internet Explorer.  Please click here to  upgrade your browser in order to comment.', 'About Political PunchPolitical coverage and musings on pop culture from ABC News Senior White House Correspondent Jake Tapper and the ABC News White House team. ABC News Broadcasts ']