['Investigators are trying to find out why 19 firefighters perished in an inferno.', "support that everybody knows somebody who's lost. My condolences. Tonight as the Arizona Diamondbacks play the New York Mets the Jersey hung over the dugout. Number nineteen. With the last name -- now. Here and press kit at the first of several memorial services -- man who wept for their fallen friends. No the fourth of July won't do the same this year the fireworks this year a reminder of a much more immediate sacrifice. One that at this moment is almost too painful to bear and I'm David Wright for Nightline in Prescott terrorism. ", 'Wall of flames reaching 20 feet high blazes out of control when the wind changes direction.', 'flames 20 feet high, gail force winds. The team was called the hot shots , the s.E.A.L. Team six of firefighters. The tiny tents like these designed to give them a chance against 500 degree heat. What happened and why were so many lost? We have team coverage tonight, the very latest now on the tragedy in arizona. David wright starts us off. 8000 acre blaze, firefighters shouldered the heaviest burden of all, recovering the bodies of so many fallen comrades. Today ', 'Nineteen members of the Granite Mountain Hotshots lost their lives battling the Yarnell Fire on Sunday. Here is a complete list of those who perished: Andrew Ashcraft, 29 Robert Caldwell, 23 Travis Carter, 31 Dustin Deford, 24 Christopher MacKenzie, 30 Eric Marsh, 43 Grant McKee,...', "This is a special report from ABC news. I'm tired and as an ABC news digital special report nineteen elite firefighters died on the front lines of a ferocious wildfire in Arizona. The single deadliest incident for firefighters in September 11. Firefighters encountered conditions became so bad so", "measure in -- hail -- -- to stay alive. It -- -- David Wright is alive and -- it with what's happening now. Good morning David what can you tell us. Good morning -- well this ", "it's. You know stuff that that. People across the west of this country . Deal with every year just as there is tornado season in. In the midwest and hurricane season in the southeast wildfire season west -- You know a kind of natural disaster season that happens like clockwork. People here dreaded but they are kind of to resigned to it as well. All right David Wright thank you so much for keeping us informed this morning. All right -- thanks -- this is an ABC news digital special ", 'This is now the deadliest day for firefighters in this country since 9/11 and the pose shocking news in this state since the attack on congresswoman gabby giffords two years ago. Think of it, 92 firefighters here in prescott, one out of five of them, 20%, perished in one day, and these were the', "in one day, and these were the elite. In the army of firefighters battling wildfires in the west, these are the special forces. The granite mountain hot shots seen here in a training video. In a real fire this is exact same thing we would be doing. Reporter: Getting right into the thick of it. Digging the fire lines by hand, back-breaking work and practicing how to deploy their emergency shelters . 180 degrees. Reporter: Firefighters call these shake and bake tents. If you can't escape the fire, you shake it outnd then you bake in it until the fire passes. When we get out there, it's a completely different ball game. It's the real deal. We have to look out for each other. We have to have accountability. We have to trust each other. Reporter: Sunday was the first time the granite mountain hot shots ever had to deploy their shake and bakes. 19 of them died. The average age for the men in this crew, 22 years old. During fire season they're always ready to deploy at two hours' notice prepared to leave home for three weeks at a time. In fact, this ", "Let's bring in wade ward, the prescott, arizona, fire department spokesman joining us with the very latest right now and, wade, again, on behalf of all of us at abc news, our thoughts and prayers are with you in this time of just unspeakable tragedy, and in the face of this tragedy, wade, and with", "Let's bring in wade ward, the prescott , arizona , fire department spokesman joining us with the very latest right now and, wade, again, on behalf of all of us at abc news, our ", 'Members of the elite "hotshots" squad were trapped and killed in an out-of-control blaze.', "part of an elite 20-member firefighter team known as the granite mountain hot shots . We're devastated. We just lost 19. Reporter: It's dedicated to stopping wildfires and saving homes. When winds blew it northwest of phoenix seen in this time-lapsed video out of control these hot shots rushed in to fight. Lightning sparked the fire friday and spread quickly to the small town of yarnell among triple-digit temperatures, low humidity and windy conditions . These guys will go out with 40, 50 pounds of equipment and walk five miles. They'll sleep out there as they try "]