['VIDEO: Arizona judge schedules another hearing to schedule date for penalty phase of the trial.', 'VIDEO: Arizona judge schedules another hearing to schedule date for penalty phase of the trial.', 'Arizona judge schedules another hearing to set date for penalty phase of the trial.', '-- -- my business presents. My information provided during that conference the prime minister frying grilling on -- -- to continue. Presented -- July 18 at 8:30 AM staying current -- July 18. Is there anything ', 'PHOTO: Almost two-thirds of the shopping carts tested in a 2007 study at the University of Arizona were contaminated with fecal bacteria.', 'PHOTO: Almost two-thirds of the shopping carts tested in a 2007 study at the University of Arizona were contaminated with fecal bacteria.', "Adrienne Salinas, 19, was driving to her boyfriend's house when she disappeared.", "Search under way in Arizona for a nineteen year old woman missing after a night out drinking Adrian Salinas was headed to her boyfriend's house and -- -- but never made it. Her car ", 'Forget Arizona. Texas is the new "hot spot" for illegal border crossings, according to a recent article in The New York Times . Except that\'s really hard to prove. The number of people crossing the border illegally in Texas might be picking up, but we need some context to really understand why', 'Would-be voters in Arizona will not need to provide proof of citizenship before they register to vote, the Supreme Court said today. The state must, the justices said in a 7-2 split on Arizona v. Inter Tribal Council, accept and use a federal form to register voters for federal elections. That form', 'VIDEO: Former "Mr. Baseball" of California was injured in a freak accident while playing for Arizona State.', 'VIDEO: Former "Mr. Baseball" of California was injured in a freak accident while playing for Arizona State.', 'Baseball" of California was injured in a freak accident while playing for Arizona State.', "Cory hahn was a star ball player until heccident on the field left him paralyzed. But his hopes of a career in the sport never flagged. And once he me team made that dream come true. As a high school senior cory hahn was named california's mr. Baseball. So good, he was drafted by the major league's arizona diamondbacks but opted to go to college instead. To play for arizona sta but in just his third game as a sun defshlgs ", "ago, a surprise that would floor him. A phone call from the arizona diamondbacks . Just want to know how you fool about us taking you in the 34 of the draft? Reporter: Informing cory they wanted to draft him to make him once again a member of their team. We proudly and humbly select, redraft, hahn, cory. Exciting for me, a tremendous honor just to have them back in my life and to know I'll be part of the game. Reporter: And perhaps best of all, this wasn't just a symbolic gesture from the diamondbacks. We want to make this permanent. Not just about the selection but about working here in full time with ", 'PHOTO: A U.S. Border Patrol agent guards a group of Mexican immigrants caught after they crossed into the United States, March 6, 2013 near Walker Canyon, Arizona.', 'PHOTO: A U.S. Border Patrol agent guards a group of Mexican immigrants caught after they crossed into the United States, March 6, 2013 near Walker Canyon, Arizona.', 'Retired firefighter was taken into custody before a Breathalyzer test confirmed he was sober.', 'straight line because of -- hip injury. But when they got the police station and toward registered -- zero blood alcohol contact the police still suspended his license now the charges have since been dropped but the -- is now suing the police department . Saying he was arrested for driving while black. ', "A 4-year-old boy who accidentally shot and killed his father still doesn't understand what happened to his dad and is looking for his friend and playmate, the man's mother said. The accident occurred Friday when Justin Stanfield Thomas, 35, of Phoenix was visiting his former roommate in Prescott", 'Anonymous caller told Arizona man he won "worst tipper" after giving delivery driver 10 percent.', "being told he won a prize for worst tipper he got three pizzas delivered from Papa John's and then. He got a very curious call. And he is like I just want to how much you "]