["Records: Arizona firefighters' bodies found in scorched 'moonscape' in aftermath of inferno", 'Money raised at the Country Cares concert will go directly to the 19 families who lost loved ones.', 'to help raise money for families of the fallen Arizona firefighters. The Grammy nominated artists gave a benefit concert on Monday night in Prescott valley Arizona he helped raise almost a half million dollars. 6000 people attended the country cares concert. Bentley -- -- -- and Randy -- all performed. Money raised even directly to the -- have fallen firefighters. Lost their lives a month ago while battling these are now in the wild fire . ', 'VIDEO: Woman collapsed in the heat after getting lost while hiking on the Utah-Arizona border.', 'VIDEO: Woman collapsed in the heat after getting lost while hiking on the Utah-Arizona border.', 'Man and woman killed when lightning strikes near scenic overlook in northern Arizona', 'Woman collapsed in the heat after getting lost while hiking on the Utah-Arizona border.', "-- It's located in a scorching hot remote area on the Utah Arizona border -- and her husband got lost on the -- -- even though they were prepared but supplies should she collapsed and died ", 'Tour of Arizona wildfire site provides perspective of rough terrain crew encountered', "Another hiker succumbs to brutal heat on trek to visit 'The Wave' near Utah-Arizona border", "Another hiker succumbs to brutal heat on trek to visit 'The Wave' near Utah-Arizona border", 'Two cousins who were killed in an Arizona wildfire last month with 17 other members of an elite Hotshots firefighting crew were remembered in California on Saturday. A public memorial service was held for Grant McKee, 21, and Robert Caldwell, 23, at a church in Newport Beach. More than 300 people', 'Two cousins who were members of an elite Hotshots firefighting crew killed in an Arizona wildfire are being remembered in California. A public memorial service was held Saturday for 21-year-old Grant McKee and 23-year-old Robert Caldwell in Newport Beach. More than 300 people attended, including', 'Lawyer seeking release of 8 protesters detained at southern Arizona border crossing', 'and trees attacks. Some parts of the desert southwest will still see heavy rains in the next 48 hours. ', 'Two cousins who were members of an elite Hotshots firefighting crew killed in an Arizona wildfire are being remembered in California. A public memorial service was held Saturday for 21-year-old Grant McKee and 23-year-old Robert Caldwell in Newport Beach. More than 300 people attended, including', 'Two cousins who were killed in an Arizona wildfire last month with 17 other members of an elite Hotshots firefighting crew were remembered in California on Saturday. A public memorial service was held for Grant McKee, 21, and Robert Caldwell, 23, at a church in Newport Beach. More than 300 people', 'An Arizona family tangled in a high-profile deportation case learned this week they can stay in the country. They are the latest example of unauthorized immigrants who were criminally prosecuted in Maricopa County, but the federal government is choosing not to deport. Four years ago, Maricopa', 'When temperatures rise in the desert, so do the deals at high-end Arizona resorts', 'When temperatures rise in the desert, so do the deals at high-end Arizona resorts']