['VIDEO: Arizona judge sets hearing for Aug. 26, tells attorneys to prepare for penalty phase retrial in Sept.', 'VIDEO: Arizona judge sets hearing for Aug. 26, tells attorneys to prepare for penalty phase retrial in Sept.', 'Arizona judge sets hearing for Aug. 26, tells attorneys to prep for September penalty phase retrial.', "Chambers -- -- -- the next hurdle is suing. The defendant and defense counsel . That's an -- trial date . Here's -- number initially was an hour on resolves. So I -- relax tensions any confirmed trial and totally different county phase three trial and just. My intention rumors she -- fast. Track to -- again you -- and Tyler. That this. Reference. Without additional information . -- the prosecution and the defense. I cannot determine -- realistic. So. When -- -- another excuse me. My against. -- should ", 'Report: Ariz. wildfire that killed 19 firefighters was quick, erratic; resources were limited', 'Report: Arizona wildfire that killed 19 firefighters grew quickly, erratic, resources limited', 'Report: Arizona wildfire that killed 19 firefighters grew quickly, erratic, resources limited', 'Report: Ariz. wildfire that killed 19 firefighters was quick, erratic; resources were limited', 'When temperatures rise in the desert, so do the deals at high-end Arizona resorts', 'When temperatures rise in the desert, so do the deals at high-end Arizona resorts', 'will now be safer. Astonishing images out of arizona next. Take a look. A massive dust storm blanketing a major american city, phoenix. And clayton sandell has the latest on that. Reporter: Today, a wall of dust came stalking the phoenix area. Ra giant brown cloud knocking out electricity to', 'safer. Astonishing images out of arizona next. Take a look. A massive dust storm blanketing a major american city , phoenix. And clayton sandell has the latest on that. Reporter: Today, a wall of dust came stalking the phoenix area. Ra giant brown cloud knocking out electricity to thousands, delays flights at the airports and creates chaos. People caught in the blast, covering their mouths and noses. It\'s known as a haboob, a freak desert dust storm . It happens almost every summer in the southwest. Killing five people a year. A very, very dry dust and hits with the wind and it just gets pushed. Reporter: It went from open land to city terrain, it met its match. It starts to fall down and then the storm just falls apart. Reporter: As the haboob moves through, it\'s followed by rain and flash floods , turning much of the dust to mud. And still ahead here on "world news," it sounded so ', 'fallen firefighters who lost their lives -- from the -- the wildfire. Vice president Joseph Biden foods at the podium offering his respect. To reduce -- -- Our heart goes out to you in the -- -- People ', 'Vice President Joe Biden will attend a memorial in Arizona on Tuesday for the 19 firefighters killed in a raging wildfire, the White House confirms. Biden will travel to the Prescott area to attend a service honoring the members of the elite Granite Mountain Hotshot...', 'Armies of firefighters work to contain the massive blaze while more high winds are expected.', 'boston to washington, you see the lighter shades of blue there. A drier air mass will move there by thursday and shove it down to georgia, eastern tennessee and kent. There will be just a little break ', 'VIDEO: After 19 experienced "hot shots" were killed 500 Arizona firefighters continue to fight the wildfire', 'VIDEO: After 19 experienced "hot shots" were killed 500 Arizona firefighters continue to fight the wildfire', 'After 19 men from the Hotshot unit were killed, 500 Arizona firefighters continue to fight the wildfire.', "that shifted directions unexpectedly. It's hot and bone-dry. 75% of arizona is suffering severe drought or worse. grant McKee, 21. Reporter: Overnight, this community remembering the lives of those 19 experienced firefighters lost. Robert caldwell, 23. Reporter:21-year-old kevin woyjeck was hoping to follow his father's footsteps . His dad is an l.A. Fire captain. He used to go and ride along. And hang out with the firefighters. Reporter: Billy warneke, seen here in a home video, was just 6 years old when he first dressed up as a fireman. Later, he joined the marines and then the hot shots . He got this job up in prescott, just in april. Reporter: His wife was pregnant by then. 30-YEAR-OLD chris MacKenzie was a ", "to 8000 acres in 0% contained. Authorities have doubled the number of firefighters battling the blaze now 500. But gusty winds triple digit temperatures aren't helping dictation. And. -- In this banks aren't the only -- these Devin Dwyer ABC news. -- we are learning much more about the brave man who gave their lives among them and -- ash craft of the 29 year old. Was a devoted husband and father his widow now faces raising him forward children on her own. Chris McKenzie loves to -- -- the thirty year old born in California followed his father and firefighting. -- there's Jesse seat of former "]