['Homeowners in sinking California subdivision file claim, blame county water lines for damage', 'R&B singer shoved after dedicating song to Trayvon Martin at Northern Calif. music festival', 'VIDEO: Huntington Beach, Calif., boasts great shops, restaurants and bike-riding along with its surf scene.', 'VIDEO: Huntington Beach, Calif., boasts great shops, restaurants and bike-riding along with its surf scene.', 'Huntington Beach, Calif., boasts great shops, restaurants and bike-riding along with its surf scene.', 'celebrating, you, all week. It\'s all about you and your favorite summer hot spots . After seeing -- the great state of texas yesterday, we gave you earlier in the show. We asked you -- remarkable snapshots. And you know the iconic pier. You know where we might be going. Boogie board , lifeguard ring. We\'re heading to a beach. So many submissions from beautiful beaching all over the country. This one, though, really stood out. Welcome to huntington beach , california . Reporter: Located along the southern california coastline, huntington beach is singular fun in the sun. There\'s surfing. People riding bikes. Running. Go down to main street, hang out with your friends. Tons of fun-loving people. Surf city. Huntington beach . Reporter: Ten miles of christine beaches. The longest stretch on the west coast. And those waves have gotten huntington beach the nickname -- welcome to surf city, usa. Huntington beach is the place to be. Reporter: And if surfing\'s not your thing, not to worry. Huntington beach offers something for everyone. You have to go to ruby\'s. Walk down the end of the pier and hit all of the shops. We love huntington beach . All of southern california\'s coastline, tied for first. It\'s a wonderful beach. And this one, not just for humans. And also a place for your four-legged best pals. It\'s the huntington dog beach. It\'s not unusual to see a dog and owner tandem surfing. Incredible. It\'s been on "play of the day" before. Probably twice. And I can attest, ruby\'s, if in huntington beach , it\'s the best. Have a burger and a chocolate milkshake. And to see more of our summer hot spots that all of you have recommended to us, go to goodmorningamerica.Com on yahoo! Right now, I wish we could all head to ', 'Florida man found in Southern California motel wakes up with amnesia, speaks only Swedish', 'Police say suspects were selective in the items they stole, making off with $100,000 in loot.', "they really could happen anywhere so. I'm not -- -- targeted here. Police officers responded to the store's alarm but -- too late they're -- the place for any evidence these brazen jewel thieves may have ", 'VIDEO: Florida resident Michael Boatwright woke up in a California hospital claiming his name was Johan Ek.', 'VIDEO: Florida resident Michael Boatwright woke up in a California hospital claiming his name was Johan Ek.', 'Florida resident Michael Boatwright woke up in a California hospital claiming his name was Johan Ek.', "is a California resident who works the past four years in China teaching English . As a son. But that's all news to him. -- right was found unconscious in a California motel in February and when he woke up he spoke only Swedish. And believes his name to be -- -- back. -- doctors diagnosed him with something called transient global amnesia they couldn't agree on a course of treatment though. Today the right appears healthy except ", 'Calif. regulators recommend record $300M fine against PG&E for 2010 gas pipeline explosion', 'Protesters in Los Angeles and Oakland blocked traffic and clashed with police in a day of protests in California against the acquittal of George Zimmerman in the shooting death of Trayvon Martin. Several people were arrested in Los Angeles. Los Angeles police said they began making arrests early', 'More California protests planned after Zimmerman acquittal in shooting death of unarmed teen', 'VIDEO: Retired meatcutter Ted DeNunzio has been shaking hands at the California store for 14 years.', 'VIDEO: Retired meatcutter Ted DeNunzio has been shaking hands at the California store for 14 years.', 'From NY to California, protesters are holding rallies to protest Zimmerman not guilty verdict', 'Retired meatcutter Ted DeNunzio has been shaking hands at the California store for 14 years.', 'the greater. Hungry ambassador have not from. -- -- -- could have accumulating wealth -- like Shanghai five to spend greeting Nordstrom shoppers here for fourteen years CNET. The retired meat cutter -- happened into the position. What do store manager noticed that Ted was always in the store talking of customers and employees ', 'Demonstrators angry at the acquittal of George Zimmerman in the death of Trayvon Martin protest in Los Angeles, California July 14, 2013.', 'Demonstrators angry at the acquittal of George Zimmerman in the death of Trayvon Martin protest in Los Angeles, California July 14, 2013.', 'California cities, counties claim paint manufacturers knew of lead dangers, seek $1B cleanup']