['As they prepare for their third straight trip to the playoffs, the Baltimore Ravens will have to settle for momentum instead of a first-round bye.Ed Reed had two int...', 'The Associated Press 2010 NFL All-Pro Team selected by a national panel of 50 media members:OFFENSEQuarterback_Tom Brady, New England.Running Backs_Jamaal Charles, K...', "Even at age 32, Champ Bailey hasn't lost a step.The Denver Broncos' perennial Pro Bowl cornerback is coming off quite a performance, holding Kansas City's Dwayne Bow...", "Malcolm Jenkins is starting to play more like the five-time Pro Bowl safety he replaced in New Orleans' starting lineup.Jenkins intercepted two passes near the Saint...", "The streaking New Orleans Saints know the road to the Super Bowl probably won't go through the Louisiana Superdome . They also believe they can win anywhere as they ...", "Drew Brees was back in the heart of a huddle, albeit an unusual one in an uncertain time.Gathered around New Orleans' star quarterback were not just offensive player...", "It's been a rough week. Trust me, I know.You've talked more hockey in March then you ever expected you would.Taylor Mays was seemingly recorded at 10 different 40 ti...", "How each of the 32 NFL teams are approaching Friday's opening of free agency with no salary cap:___AFC BALTIMORE RAVENSRavens don't intend to be thrifty. In quest to...", "No new Collective Bargaining Agreement? No problem.Even under different labor rules, it was business as usual at the start of the NFL's free-agent signing period. Th...", 'With the exception of the Giants, the NFC East has been relatively quiet in the opening days of NFL free agency. To the casual fan, many believed that the Cowboys an...', 'Consider this a warning.I think the Washington Redskins are big winners in the offseason.And Charlie Whitehurst got what???We take the temperature of the NFC teams i...', "After 48 hours at the NFL owners meetings, I'm betting that a controversial new rules proposal will head into overtime.The league is set to vote Wednesday upon a cha...", 'Thanks - I guess.How else could Donovan McNabb have reacted when told he was traded to the Washington Redskins?On one hand, McNabb should be grateful that Philadelph...', 'Reggie Bush danced around defenders who fell over each other trying to tackle him. Drew Brees was back to passing with pinpoint accuracy, picking apart a beleaguered...', '"I lived part of the dream, I\'m just short the other part. That\'s why I coach. I do it to finish it." - Bengals legend Tim Krumrie on never having won the Super Bowl...', 'Saints tight end Jeremy Shockey was rushed to the hospital Thursday after experiencing a "minor" seizure during a weight training session at the team\'s third Organiz...']