['Some recited the names of the dead. Some did good deeds for their neighbors. Some practiced yoga, walked through nature, or simply talked. And two got married. Coloradans embraced ways to heal Saturday as they marked the anniversary of the Aurora movie theater massacre with a city-sponsored "Day of', 'Crews find body of man who fell 200-300 feet while descending Capitol Peak near Aspen, Colo.', 'Some recited the names of the dead. Some are doing good deeds for their neighbors. And some will practice yoga, take a nature walk or simply talk. Coloradans looked for ways to heal as they mark the anniversary of the Aurora movie theater massacre with a city-sponsored "Day of Remembrance." It was', "The case so far against accused Colorado shooter James Holmes and a look at what's ahead", 'His face was hidden behind a gas mask, and he was costumed from head to toe in a police-style helmet, black cargo pants and black vest. He was such an improbable sight, standing at the front of a theater where a Batman movie was playing, that some in the audience thought he was part of the show.', "Colorado theater shooting attorneys spar over suspect's statements to detectives", 'Lightning strikes injure 9 farmworkers, 1 other woman in Colorado, 3 hikers in Montana', '1 year after Colorado movie theater massacre, a new gun debate rages in the frontier state', 'Colorado town board considers selling drone-hunting licenses and offering bounties', 'A year after Colorado shooting, little obvious change seen in TV, movie, video game violence', 'Marijuana legalization in Washington, Colorado prompts a question: What about hash?', 'A photographer captures the moment his car was swept away and then buried in a Colorado mudslide.', 'the early morning news. Check this out face. FaceBook wall and not flash flooding is creating a dangerous massing along the canyon -- area -- -- -- His -- photographer John -- lawyer captured this video ', 'VIDEO: Violent storms strike from Colorado to Massachusetts while mudslides wreak havoc in the west.', 'VIDEO: Violent storms strike from Colorado to Massachusetts while mudslides wreak havoc in the west.', 'Violent storms strike from Colorado to Massachusetts while mudslides wreak havoc in the West.', 'Severe weather swept through nearly one-third of the u.S. Yesterday, from colorado to massachusetts. With possible tornadoes moving through pennsylvania and connecticut. I looked ', "Opponents of gun control measures successfully prevented Congress from strengthening federal gun laws earlier this year, and now they're sending a message to states -- Don't try this at home. Colorado is the current target. The state recently passed stricter gun control measures. Now, the president"]