["Hamas  rulers in this Palestinian bureaus over their coverage of  Gaza 's Islamist leaders.  Hamas  Attorney General Ismail Thursday that he closed the  Gaza Strip  bureaus of satellite channel toughest border restrictions on  Gaza  in years.", 'minister says talks between  Israel  and Turkey on compensation for the victims of a deadly  Israel  raid on a  Gaza -bound aid flotilla have stalled damages. Bulent Arinc said that  Israel  wanted to make a voluntary one Turkish-American, when  Israeli  commandos stormed the ship ', 'neighboring Jordan and Turkey and prompting  Israel  to strike several times at what it claims country is upholding its peace treaty with  Israel , stamping out smuggling to the  Hamas -controlled  Gaza Strip , and moving toward free elections and democracy ', 'Copacabana beach and the other in a rural pasture. He\'ll also visit a slum in Rio in an area known by locals as the  Gaza Strip  because of its heavy violence before police "pacified" it in January, pushing out powerful drug gangs and setting ', 'refused to negotiate with  Israel  so long as settlement extent of a possible  Israeli  settlement slowdown in the West Bank,  Gaza Strip  and east Jerusalem, territories  Israel  captured in the 1967 negotiations, but the  Israeli  leader has refused Israel  withdrew from  Gaza  in 2005, and the territory the Islamic militant  Hamas  group that does not militants, as happened in  Gaza . "The chances for ', 'is certain that this ( Israeli ) government does not coalition said Sunday that  Israel  has made no concessions borders as a baseline. For  Israel , one of the main benefits Palestine in the West Bank,  Gaza  and east Jerusalem their complaints over  Israeli  settlement-building the event talks with  Israel  resume. In the end ', 'attacks or bombings targeting  Israeli  soldiers and civilians. The until the 1967 war, when  Israel  captured the West Bank,  Gaza Strip  and east Jerusalem.  Israel a future state along with  Gaza .  Israel  withdrew from  Gaza  in 2005. In  Gaza ,  Hamas  spokesman Sami Abu Zuhri said ', "church's first Jesuit leader will venture into a rough slum that sits along a violence-soaked road known by locals as the  Gaza Strip . For many Brazilians, images of that visit will conjure memories of the still beloved John Paul II, who made his own ", 'between a Palestinian state and  Israel  would be based on the cease-fire until the 1967 war, when  Israel  captured the West Bank,  Gaza Strip  and east Jerusalem.  Israel  withdrew from  Gaza  in 2005.  Israel  rejects preconditions President Barack Obama asked  Israeli  Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu ', 'former leader see this as evidence of his suspected links to militants in the peninsula. The area, which borders  Gaza  and  Israel , was the scene last August of an attack that killed 16 Egyptian soldiers. Militants were also blamed for that attack ', 'former leader see this as evidence of his suspected links to militants in the peninsula. The area, which borders  Gaza  and  Israel , was the scene last August of an attack that killed 16 Egyptian soldiers. Militants were also blamed for that attack ', "interests. Its alliances with  Gaza 's  Hamas  rulers and other Islamist groups the military, which believed  Gaza  militants were involved in Sinai strategic Sinai Peninsula bordering  Gaza  and  Israel  was at the heart of the differences request by el-Sissi that he ask  Hamas  to hand them over for trial ", "Palestinian militant group  Hamas .  Israel  says it wants to plaguing southern  Israel  tonight  Israel  warns that its campaign won't And  Hamas  vows to turn  Gaza  into a quote graveyard for after sundown thousands of  Israeli  troops moved in to  Gaza . They attacked the tiny  Gaza Strip  from four directions on land streets tonight hospitals in  Gaza  report doesn't Palestinian news the plan is to encircle  Gaza City  the biggest population center ", "There is fierce fighting in the Middle East tonight after Israeli forces swept across the border into Gaza Dramatically expanding Israel's offensive against the Palestinian militant group Hamas . Israel says it wants to deal a punishing blow to end the reign of Hamas rockets plaguing southern Israel tonight Israel warns that its campaign won't be short or easy. And Hamas vows to turn Gaza into a quote graveyard for the Israelis we have several reports tonight beginning with ABC's Miguel Marquez in Israel It started just after sundown thousands of Israeli troops moved in to Gaza They attacked the tiny Gaza Strip from four directions on land and there are reports they are also invading -- C. After a higher clocks in the streets tonight hospitals in Gaza report doesn't Palestinian casualties. Sources tell ABC news the plan is to encircle -- Gaza City the biggest population center with 250000. People by morning. We have is ridiculous. News drained out of for a long time. But not know -- the time to do what needs to be done. The government here has authorized the call of thousands of reservists signaling this conflict could widen even war. Israeli defense forces say the immediate goal is to destroy hamas' infrastructure and take control of areas used by the group to launch rockets. In the last week Hamas fired more than 100 rockets and mortars killing four Israelis. This is -- an alert while we were working in -- wrote in southern Israel It is what residents here have lived with for years Hamas easily -- they claim they've already -- he's really soldiers. In Gaza or reporters says it is chaos people were fearful. As -- really news. -- the city's. More than 200. Potential as you well up to melodies still chilly. In anti war protest tonight from televisa. From London where demonstrators threw shoes at the parliament building. He's the overwhelming Israeli offensive that is drawn anger. Nearly 450. Palestinians killed many of them women and children from relentless Israeli airstrikes. That's tonight Israel's defense minister says it is also watching its northern border in case of any military action by the radical group. Has -- ", "What the  Israeli  military plans to do now that it's inside  Gaza . ABC's Simon McGregor wood is in southern  Israel  near the  Gaza  border tonight inside and with three miles from the  Gaza  border neighbor that's explosions coming from inside  Gaza  tonight. In the last hour defensive installations that  Hamas  has built that in the last densely packed streets of  Gaza City  tanks and APCs become extremely ", "What the Israeli military plans to do now that it's inside Gaza . ABC's Simon McGregor wood is in southern Israel near the Gaza border tonight inside and I know three -- resources. You've learned about the operation and about these very specific targets -- hearing. A good evening David Justice -- with three miles from the Gaza border neighbor that's close enough to hit the very regular and very loud explosions coming from inside Gaza tonight. In the last hour is that we've learned what Israel is trying to achieve with this latest ground operation. They're gonna try and cut because they're into four separate slices they're gonna try and control as much ground as possible to control the rocket fire to suppress it wherever possible. And they got to go off to almost 300 concrete tunnels and defensive installations that Hamas has built that in the last two years and wherever possible. They're trying draw Hamas fighters onto the streets to kill. To cause as much pain as possible to Hamas dead. -- we know there continues to be outrage in parts of the Arab world tonight but is there ready risk when it comes to the Israeli public as well given. The danger involved in -- ground offensive. Yet this is the part of the operation because it's dangerous and complicated that the Israelis. Up till now has been overwhelming public support for this campaign against a -- but every Israeli understands this is where things get potentially very difficult indeed in the densely packed streets of Gaza City tanks and APCs become extremely vulnerable. And in his press conference tonight the defense minister Ehud Barak said to the Israeli public this would be long and hard and the subtext that every Israeli understood that. Israeli casualties. A going to be inevitable David all right Simon McGregor would not far from the Israeli Gaza border tonight Simon thank you. ", "launched 21 after another over in  Israel . She's told by the shocking roar of the bombs dropped by  Israeli  Air Force on targets of  Hamas  in  Gaza  under.  Israeli  dean and drones convincingly The population of the  Gaza  street is a and a half. Leaving soldiers attempts to invade the  Gaza  street there will be welcomed ", "The soundtrack of war. Close to defend separating between Israel and the Islamic as a -- controlled by Hamas one can hear crime -- that distance. They explain I don't know wac but -- -- my teeth and then follows -- we salute rockets and -- sites launched 21 after another over in Israel . She's told by the shocking roar of the bombs dropped by Israeli Air Force on targets of Hamas in Gaza under. Israeli -- dean and drones search for Hamas since -- had sales with their powerful cameras. Soldiers here say -- he's also the most dangerous and tense border lying in ", "-- aggression against he's. -- fight convincingly -- The population of the Gaza street is a -- and a half. Leaving in very tight conditions unitary authority over 25 miles long and between 4282. Miles wide. If he's the area with the highest population density rate in the world a fact that -- didn't see any military operation however surgically may be. Hamas is threatening that the Israeli soldiers attempts to invade the Gaza street there will be welcomed by a -- off dozens of marches upon them. During operation cast lead in 2008. Israeli army -- -- 101000 soldiers. -- deal contained the government's permission to immobilize 75000. We're all trained and -- case the order ", 'Brotherhood Mohamed -- -- More -- things that very close relationship with Hamas and seeks to -- them into the immediate cease fire to halt Israeli tanks. The alternatives right now are either Jerusalem -- invasion and the party -- -- -- Asia meaning at least indicate Zimmerman and the Gaza border. ', "from the  gaza strip  in the middle streets of  israel  tonight. We're meeflts the  gaza strip , and abc's middle, in  gaza city . Alex? Reporter tonight as  israeli  missiles land rockets at  hamas  returns fire blue sky,  gaza  militants firing on  israel . At least pounded the  gaza strip . Its target ", 'taking a very real human toll. Look at this picture, from the gaza strip in the middle east. A father weeping, his 11-month-old son dead in his arms. At the same time, the terrifying sound of an air raid siren. Listen. And there is panic and fear in the streets of israel tonight. We\'re going to talk to abc\'s global affairs correspondent christiane amanpoamanpour. But we go first to the front lines, where israel meeflts the gaza strip , and abc\'s alex marquardt is there, in the middle, in gaza city . Alex? Reporter: Good evening, diane. We\'ve heard some very loud explosions all around us tonight as israeli missiles land. We\'ve heard the disting woosh of outgoing rockets at hamas returns fire. Tonight, it sees this burst of violence is only getting worse. All day long, rockets filled the bright blue sky, gaza militants firing on israel . At least one rocket landed tonight in tel aviv, israel\'s commercial capital. Sirens blared. Residents hit the ground. Three israelis were killed earlier when a rocket hit their apartment in the south. This as israeli warplanes pounded the gaza strip . Its target? Militant groups, most notably, hamas . But caught in the cross-fire, at least 12 civilian, including that 11-month-old boy. "What did my son do to die like this?" His father cried. This is what the aftermath of one of these strikes looks like. A massive crater filled with cinderblock and rebar, with a strong smell of diesel fuel, several of the houses around were damaged very badly. And the residents here on this street tell us they hope hamas and the other groups keep firing rockets into israel in retaliation. Israel sails this is a response to the almost 800 rockets that had landed in israel from gaza this year alone. This biggest escalation in years began yesterday, with israel targeting the car of hamas\' top military commander, eliminated in the blink of an eye. Israel sails it is ready to enlarge this operation. And there are reports of significant troop movements towards gaza . 30,000 reservists may also be called up. A sign that an israeli ground incursion may be imminent. Diane? Thank you, alex. Now, we want to go to jerusalem and abc\'s christiane amanpour. Christi christiane, ', "Israel 's attacks on  Hamas  militants escalated dramatically densely populated areas in the  Gaza Strip . Along with the increased increased misery nearly 75%. Of  Gaza  is without electricity in fighting escalated tonight when  Israeli  troops tried to move deeper into  Gaza . They were surprised by  Hamas forces are trying to slice  Gaza  into three sections they occupied ", "Israel's attacks on Hamas militants escalated dramatically today was fighting around some of the most densely populated areas in the Gaza Strip Along with the increased fighting has come increased misery nearly 75%. Of Gaza is without electricity in more than half a million residents are without water. ABC seven McGregor wood is in Jerusalem tonight. The fighting escalated tonight when Israeli troops tried to move deeper into Gaza They were surprised by Hamas fighters using antitank rockets and mortars. One rocket hit a building the Israelis had taken over it collapsed causing dozens of Israeli casualties some critical. Palestinian eyewitnesses tell ABC news at least one Israeli tank is being destroyed. Israeli forces are trying to slice Gaza into three sections they occupied the north it's where Hamas fires rockets from. In the center tanks have reached the coast and the trying to do the same thing in the south to limit -- mobility. At the end of the day we want to create an image of the other side -- -- -- would -- but it's it's not worth it to keep firing rockets because the price they would do this to buy it. But it hasn't worked yet Hamas -- 38 rockets into southern Israel today one post this government minister. Wanted to just came to go left or schools in the 25 mile radius of Gaza have been shut down. In Gaza Israeli shelling killed more Palestinians today including seventy children just thought He says his baby son and fix that -- to super strength of this Hamas leader should. When you cannot children executive we're allowed to -- you'll lose the Obama mosques and we will destroy your soon. The only options especially children almost half the population. Terrified by Israel's relentless shelling. Today we spoke to a producer -- Sammy Xeon -- -- it just come under Israeli finest high -- Pioneering. Two. Professional -- -- in his. Look at and to move them to go live to prove that. His wife and eight children have left their home in ten days and tonight the fighting is getting even close to them. The mounting death toll is increasing international pressure for a cease fire there were a number of diplomatic delegations here today with a variety of proposals. But Israeli leaders are saying they've yet to see one that delivers the lasting security. They are demanding. Charming Simon McGregor -- reporting tonight. ", "the militant group  Hamas  today urged Muslims US targets. After  Israel  shelled a neighborhood in the  Gaza Strip . When he Palestinians of them children.  Israel  has launched an investigation ABC's clinic is in  Gaza  and some of the pictures it cut down by a of  Israeli  artillery shells family were killed.  Israel  apologize for the attack the militant group  Hamas  ended its two year ", "Overseas the militant group Hamas today urged Muslims around the world to strike US targets. After Israel shelled a neighborhood in the Gaza Strip . When he Palestinians were killed at least eight of them children. Israel has launched an investigation. ABC's -- clinic is in Gaza and some of the pictures you're about to see are disturbing. They came -- the hospital's. One after the other mostly women and children. Some battling for their lives some already -- it cut down by a -- of Israeli artillery shells. The first cell came flying through this home and as the terrified people began to flee this house that shells kept landing. And this is where fourteen people from one family were killed. Israel apologize for the attack and said the army had missed its intended target by 500 yards. Tonight the militant group Hamas ended its two year truce with Israel . Called for attacks against the US and demanded revenge for this sufferings. -- -- ABC news that -- ", "from the  hamas -controlled  gaza strip  towards the have come to  gaza , stood shoulder S. And  israeli  governments, but in  gaza , they are tonight,  israel  has carried today hitting  gaza 's interior israel . The  israeli  defense forces have died in  israel  and, for terrorists in  gaza  to launch near the  gaza  border marquardt in the  gaza strip .", 'the intensifying standoff in the middle east, as rockets sailed from the hamas -controlled gaza strip towards the holy city of jerusalem for the first time in 40 years. Abc\'s christiane aman reports from a middle east on the brink. Reporter: Bill, we were outdoors shooting today when all of a sudden, the air raid siren went off. Really unusual here in jerusalem, to know that missiles were being launched towards this city. A rocket was launched, hamas made a public statement saying they were targeting jerusalem, but it didn\'t reach here. It did not fall in the city. I spoke to the mayor who said that it did not hit this city. It was slightly south, there was no damage and no casualties. But it does raise the question of how this whole equation is changing, now that there is a new middle east. The post-arab spring middle east. Egypt, which used to be the one who would pressure hamas , who would come in and try to demand a cease-fire and try to mediate, now egyptian officials have come to gaza , stood shoulder to shoulder with the hamas prime minister and called this aggression untenable. The president of egypt warned stop this aggression, as he called it, or else. Hamas also wants to show that this is a new middle east. Hamas is part of this muslim brotherhood that is here in this part of the arab world, that it has new friends, it believes, and it is not going to take it lying down. We\'re waiting to see how this develops. It could escalate the next 24 to 48 hours. That\'s going to be critical. Bill? Thank you, christiane. It will\'s turn to the other side, hamas may be considered a terrorist organization by the u.S. And israeli governments, but in gaza , they are the elected leaders, embolden by new allies after the arab spring. And abc\'s alex marquardt has been reporting amid relentless air strikes there. Reporter: As of tonight, israel has carried out more than 600 air strikes on this narrow strip of land with almost 2 million people. They\'ve left some 30 palestinians dead and scores wounded. Most of them civilians, according to gaza health officials. Here at gaza\'s biggest hospital today, we saw a steady stream of wounded arrivi including children. We were taken back to the intensive care unit, its beds filled with men in comas. Are you able to cope if this escalation continues? No. No. Because up to now, the situation is stable. And if it continues, we can\'t. Reporter: Israel says it is targeting terror site us, today hitting gaza\'s interior ministry, which secures. One of the main groups firing on israel , islamic jihad, told us today they won\'t stop until israel stops its air strikes. "Of course," he said. "He wouldn\'t fire rockets if israel wasn\'t killing us." Israel says the operation is in response to the relentless barrage of rockets flying into southern israel . The israeli defense forces say militants have launched almost 600 rockets into the country in the past three days alone. Around a third of which have been intercepted by israel\'s famed iron dome anti-missile system. Since wednesday, three people have died in israel and, for the first time since the gulf war in 1991, the commercial center, tel aviv, has also come under attack. The attempt last night by the terrorists in gaza to launch rockets on tel aviv only underscores the danger that the israeli public faces. Reporter: Tonight, a neighborhood of tel aviv, a popular night spot, was quiet. I\'m stressed, also, but you know, life is continuing. Reporter: The israeli military isn\'t taking any chances, as soldiers and armored vehicles mass near the gaza border, preparing for a ground offensive. We are preparing for any possibility. A ground operation is a possibility, though it hasn\'t been decided on at this point. Reporter: Another sign a ground invasion may be imminent. Israel today called up 20,000 reservis reservists. As some arrived at their base, air raid sirens sounded in the distance. The end of this latest flairup may not be ne. Israeli authorities have prepared for seven weeks of fighting. Israel says it is responding as any other country world. Gazans says they are resisting an occupation. This violence further destabilizes an already unstable region, testing leaders and relationships. And neither side is showing any sign of backing down. For "nightline," I\'m alex marquardt in the gaza strip . ']