['Colorado State University program, constructed a playground twins, 12, with Cerebral palsy.', 'PHOTO: Vietnam Veteran Harold Evans stands with Martin Omafray at the Wall that Heals at Iron Horse Park at Fort Carson in Colorado Springs June 10, 2011.', 'PHOTO: Vietnam Veteran Harold Evans stands with Martin Omafray at the Wall that Heals at Iron Horse Park at Fort Carson in Colorado Springs June 10, 2011.', "And now, we want to show you a very different story, for millions of families in the middle of the country tonight. In places, the coldest may in a century. Abc's clayton sandell is in boulder, colorado. Reporter: From the golfers, who should be teeing off on this colorado course -- to the diners", "out biking in my shorts. It's ridiculous. Reporter: One big problem, the snow falling is heavy and wet, pulling down large branches like this, and as you saw, even some buildings that just can't handle the ", 'PHOTO: A pro-gun billboard that features images of Native Americans is drawing both contempt and support in Colorado.', 'PHOTO: A pro-gun billboard that features images of Native Americans is drawing both contempt and support in Colorado.', 'VIDEO: Controversial sign in Colorado reads, "Turn in your arms. The government will take care of you."', 'VIDEO: Controversial sign in Colorado reads, "Turn in your arms. The government will take care of you."', "Even at 65 miles per hour it's the billboard drivers won't miss. An image of three native Americans and the words turning your arms the government will take care of you is behind the billboard. Well we have no comment driver behind the billboard Cooper Anderson with rocky mountain gun owners tell 7", "Colorado lawmakers passing bills restricting the size of a magazine and requiring background checks for all sales nothing. About turning in arms what of the legislation. He is taking it gonna wait to censor already nervous about government control over their gun rights they have to wonder -- have legislation -- -- after this. I don't understand there's some. Native Americans are upset about it and I can legacy -- but you know here again. And god bless America -- freedom. Speech we met up with Weld County sheriff John Cook at this event in Loveland. He joined sheriffs from wherever in El Paso County to talk about a planned lawsuit by -- sheriff's against the state to overturn the new gun bills. We asked him if ", 'Gun-Related Businesses Look to Leave Colorado in Face of Stricter Gun Control Laws', 'While Colorado works to become the most business-friendly state in the country, gun-related businesses talk about leaving the state following the passage of gun control legislation that restricts the sale of high-capacity magazines and requires background checks for private and online gun sales.', 'PHOTO: Colorado Governor John Hickenlooper signs three gun control measures in his office at the state capitol, March, 20, 2013.', 'PHOTO: Colorado Governor John Hickenlooper signs three gun control measures in his office at the state capitol, March, 20, 2013.', 'Mellow day celebrating marijuana legalization turns to reefer madness following shooting.', "they don't know what triggered the violence. The event marked the 4/20 counter culture holiday. This was the first since colorado and washington legalized the recreational use of marijuana. The shooting comes at a sensitive time, as colorado lawmakers grappled with how to regulate and enforce use. Recreational use remains illegal under federal law . The question, now, will the large crowds this weekend stall a movement to legalize marijuana ? Are they going to play with experiments with regard to have so many folks coming from out of state? Are they willing ", "ABC News' Clayton Sandell looks at why this season's slopes are dangerously unstable.", "It happened in a flash. A deadly avalanche in the colorado rocky mountains. A group of snowboarders were buried alive. Five of them died. Only one survivor. The thrill seekers , the back country slopes are irresistible. But this year, they are dangerous. And clayton sandell explains. Reporter: It is colorado's worst avalanche ", 'VIDEO: Colorado police arrested Stephen Amador, 52, after basketball players reported inappropriate touching.', 'VIDEO: Colorado police arrested Stephen Amador, 52, after basketball players reported inappropriate touching.', 'Colorado police arrested Stephen Amador, 52, after basketball players reported inappropriate touching.', '-- -- behavior and -- -- -- of the Colorado coalition against sexual assault says she was horrified to learn -- nobody checked -- -- -- background. This -- -- recruiting video shows some of the 5000 wreaths registered and working across the state. -- -- considers them independent contractors and relies on them to disclose their criminal history. If they -- putting out a list that says these are the rest that you this school district to that you can go contacts and I think that that background check is just as important as any kind of certification. -- says in the doors paperwork shows he simply lied. Failing to disclose ']