['Philippe Garrel, France. "The Zero Theorem" by Terry Gilliam; Britain, United States. "Ana Arabia" by Amos Gitai;  Israel , France. "Under the Skin" by Jonathan Glazer; Britain, United States. "Joe" by David Gordon Green, United States ', 'Philippe Garrel, France. "The Zero Theorem" by Terry Gilliam; Britain, United States. "Ana Arabia" by Amos Gitai;  Israel , France. "Under the Skin" by Jonathan Glazer; Britain, United States. "Joe" by David Gordon Green, United States ', 'An  Israeli  and a  Palestinian  official say preliminary peace talks to begin in Washington on Tuesday.  Israeli - Palestinian  talks on the terms of disputes can be resolved in Washington.  Israeli  Cabinet Minister Silvan Shalom says ', 'minister says talks between  Israel  and Turkey on compensation for the victims of a deadly  Israel  raid on a  Gaza -bound aid flotilla have Bulent Arinc said that  Israel  wanted to make a voluntary while Turkey insists that  Israel  accept liability for a Turkish-American, when  Israeli  commandos stormed the ship.  Israel  apologized to Turkey for ', 'Clarke, N; Crowley, N; Engel, N; Higgins, N;  Israel , N; Jeffries, N; Lowey, N; Maffei, Y; Maloney Clarke, Y; Crowley, Y; Engel, N; Higgins, N;  Israel , N; Jeffries, Y; Lowey, N; Maffei, Y; Maloney ', 'The leader of  Lebanon \'s  Hezbollah  on Wednesday ridiculed a capitulating to U.S. and  Israeli  pressures by blacklisting countries partners in any future  Israeli  aggression against  Lebanon  or his militant group pressure from the U.S. and  Israel , both which consider  Hezbollah capitulated ... to American and  Israeli  wishes." Nasrallah has war between  Hezbollah  and  Israel . He has since made very ', "Israeli  film officials say  Israeli -American actress Natalie autobiographical novel by celebrated  Israeli  writer Amos Oz. Yoram Honig is to arrive in October in  Israel  to cast local actors. The Darkness, about his youth during  Israel 's founding years. The publicist ", 'detained. The private Dogan news agency said Wednesday the man had just arrived at the airport after being deported from  Israel  for visa problems and made his way onto a Delta Air Lines plane. He gave himself away because the plane was full and there ', 'military wing of  Hezbollah , the Lebanese Netherlands and  Israel , which consider statement.  Hezbollah  issued a killed five  Israeli  tourists business outside  Lebanon . Analysts Hezbollah  in  Lebanon  by providing soil."  Israel  also welcomed war with  Hezbollah  in 2006, and has accused  Hezbollah  of carrying Jewish and  Israeli  targets around others.  Israeli  Prime Minister as far as  Israel  is concerned ', 'Every voter knows what Republicans are against. They don\'t know what they\'re for" on health care, said Rep. Steve  Israel  of New York, who heads House Democrats\' campaign committee. He said the strategy would haunt Republicans next year among ', 'yarmulke and carrying a video camera, the rabbi approached her and asked if she had any comments on  Israel . "Tell them to get the hell out of  Palestine ," she blurted. "Remember, these people are occupied and it\'s their land. It\'s not Germany ', 'inflammatory remarks she made about  Israel . The uproar pushed her out her public hostility toward  Israel  caused discomfort among colleagues rabbi making a video that  Israeli  Jews should "get the hell out of  Palestine " and "go home" to Germany whether she had any comments on  Israel . "Tell them to get the hell Poland and America because  Israel  was settled in 1948 by Jews ', "midnight meeting with  israeli  prime minister benjamin  netanyahu . America's commitment to  israel  security is rock solid de-escalate the situation in  gaza . The goal must be a durable rockets and the leaflets.  Israel  dropping thousands of carts and rickshaws as  israel  pounded away at rocket soaring there and in the  west bank , where palestinians tossed protesting the raids, battling  israeli  troops. We just have palacing through homes in  israel 's southern city of beer 60 miles north, in a  tel aviv  suburb. Those in rocket ", "Hillary clinton arriving for twelfth hour diplomacy, and a midnight meeting with israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu . America's commitment to israel security is rock solid and unwavering. That is why we belie it is essential to de-escalate the situation in gaza . The goal must be a durable outcome to promote regional stability and advances the security and legitimate aspirations of israelis and palestinians alike. Reporter: The secretary of state now in the eye of this deadly storm, with breakneck meetings of all the major players in jerusalem, cairo and gaza . All day rumors of peace flew, but so did the rockets and the leaflets. Israel dropping thousands of them warning some 200,000 gazans to flee homes that could be bombed. And they fled with mattresses and luggage piled high on donkey carts and rickshaws as israel pounded away at rocket launchers. A lot still remaining in harm's way. Anger soaring there and in the west bank , where palestinians tossed stones protesting the raids, battling israeli troops. We just have to get back into our cab here because we got tear gassed. The clash is spilling over right into the checkpoint here between israel and the west bank . The fighting is exacting an excruciating cost, nearly 150 palestinians and 4 israelis dead. And tonight, over 3.5 million israelis remain in rocket range, cowering from ceaseless sirens and the spray of shrapnel. Nearly 140 rockets lobbed into israel in the past few hours palacing through homes in israel's southern city of beer sheva and 60 miles north, in a tel aviv suburb. Those in rocket range refuse to return to the status quo. Stop firing in 48 hours and then for next week the same thing happened. Reporter: Israeli officials are telling me secretary clinton will hear a lot of that sentiment, israel's unwillingness to settle for anything more than a long hi-term cease-f cease-fire. George, both sides are dug in. So there's still much to work through. All right, thanks, matt. To alex marquardt in gaza . Alex, there was some hope a cease-fire might be taking hold but that bombing has not stopped all day where you are. ", "tenuous this evening.  Israeli  and  palestinian  leaders agreed to a truce abc's matt gutman in  tel aviv  tonight. Matt, good evening, david. An  israeli  official described the of skepticism on the  israeli  side, but both sides jerusalem, then to the  west bank , back to jerusalem and a truce negotiated by  israeli  bombardment and  hamas  rockets. Prospects seemed today for a cease fire in  gaza  for it to hold the rocket Reporter: The gunfire in  gaza  turned to bursts of celebration. But in jerusalem,  israel 's leaders briefed the first bus bombing in  israel  since 2006, in the heart ", "brink tonight. The white house is calling the truce tenuous this evening. Israeli and palestinian leaders agreed to a truce after eight days, more than 1300 rockets. 145 people killed. A welcome development for secretary of state hillary clinton, who arrived and helped broker that peace deal. Our team has been reporting across the region from the very start and abc's christiane amanpour, among our team standing by. But we begin with abc's matt gutman in tel aviv tonight. Matt, good evening. Reporter: Good evening, david. An israeli official described the deal with three words, saying it is quiet for quiet. A lot of skepticism on the israeli side, but both sides get the opportunity, tonight, to step back from the brink. For secretary clinton, it's been 24 hours of breakneck talks, racing in from came bode ya, first, to jerusalem, then to the west bank , back to jerusalem and finally cairo, in search of a ceasefire. All day, a truce negotiated by israeli bombardment and hamas rockets. Prospects seemed bleak until the announcement. U.S. Welcomes the agreement today for a cease fire in gaza for it to hold the rocket attacks must end a broader calm return. Reporter: The gunfire in gaza turned to bursts of celebration. But in jerusalem, israel's leaders briefed the nation on the deal, grim faced. A deal which seemed beyond reach this morning. The first bus bombing in israel since 2006, in the heart of tel aviv , across the street from the defense ministry. We found a bus cleaved open -- and anger. This eyewitness told me he thought it was a rocket, saying that israel can't go on like this, that it must invade gaza . More than 20 wounded by what police say was an ied and the suspect, still at large. Even with the ceasefire, all the guns weren't silenced. As many as 20 rockets fired out of gaza hours after the deal was inked. Now, so far, israel has not responded. In the short-term, the cease-fire means that all sides including other factions in gaza stop all fire and if it lasts over the next couple of days, we could see a gradual easing of israel's blo cade on the gaza strip. ", "picture, from the  gaza  strip in the middle in the streets of  israel  tonight. We're front lines, where  israel  meeflts the  gaza  strip in the middle, in  gaza  city. Alex? Reporter around us tonight as  israeli  missiles land. We've outgoing rockets at  hamas  returns fire. Tonight militants firing on  israel . At least one rocket landed tonight in  tel aviv ,  israel 's commercial capital the south. This as  israeli  warplanes pounded firing rockets into  israel  in retaliation.  Israel", 'taking a very real human toll. Look at this picture, from the gaza strip in the middle east. A father weeping, his 11-month-old son dead in his arms. At the same time, the terrifying sound of an air raid siren. Listen. And there is panic and fear in the streets of israel tonight. We\'re going to talk to abc\'s global affairs correspondent christiane amanpoamanpour. But we go first to the front lines, where israel meeflts the gaza strip, and abc\'s alex marquardt is there, in the middle, in gaza city. Alex? Reporter: Good evening, diane. We\'ve heard some very loud explosions all around us tonight as israeli missiles land. We\'ve heard the disting woosh of outgoing rockets at hamas returns fire. Tonight, it sees this burst of violence is only getting worse. All day long, rockets filled the bright blue sky, gaza militants firing on israel . At least one rocket landed tonight in tel aviv , israel\'s commercial capital. Sirens blared. Residents hit the ground. Three israelis were killed earlier when a rocket hit their apartment in the south. This as israeli warplanes pounded the gaza strip. Its target? Militant groups, most notably, hamas . But caught in the cross-fire, at least 12 civilian, including that 11-month-old boy. "What did my son do to die like this?" His father cried. This is what the aftermath of one of these strikes looks like. A massive crater filled with cinderblock and rebar, with a strong smell of diesel fuel, several of the houses around were damaged very badly. And the residents here on this street tell us they hope hamas and the other groups keep firing rockets into israel in retaliation. Israel sails this is a response to the almost 800 rockets that had landed in israel from gaza this year alone. This biggest escalation in years began yesterday, with israel targeting the car of hamas\' top military commander, eliminated in the blink of an eye. Israel sails it is ready to enlarge this operation. And there are reports of significant troop movements towards gaza . 30,000 reservists may also be called up. A sign that an israeli ground incursion may be imminent. Diane? Thank you, alex. Now, we want to go to jerusalem and abc\'s christiane amanpour. Christi christiane, ', "will help to preserve.  Israel 's qualitative military edge so that  Israel  can defend itself by that I delivered to the  Israeli  people tomorrow. but Jewish state. We're  Israel 's security concerns alongside a an independent.  Palestinian . State. In this regard decades when not a single  Israeli  citizen lost their life Emanating from the  West Bank . It's a reminder that  Israel  has a profound interest in a strong and effective  Palestinian  Authority. And as the importance of ensuring  Israel 's security given the its peace treaty with  Israel . With respect to Syria ", "work hard to find agreement between our two major parties here in Israel you have to find consensus among. Many more. And few legislatures can compete with the intensity. Of the -- But. All of this reflects. The driving nature of Israel's democracy. As BB mentioned this is our tenth meeting. We spent more time together working together that I have what any leader. ", "as prime minister your first task is to keep the people of Israel safe. And Israel's security needs are truly unique as I've seen myself in past trips I've visited. Villages near the Blue Line walked through -- -- were really homes devastated by Hezbollah rockets. I've stood in -- and met with children who simply want -- broke free from fear. And flying in today I saw again how Israel's security can be measured. In -- miles and minutes. As president I've therefore made it clear. America's commitment to the security of the State of Israel is a solemn obligation. And the security of Israel is non negotiable. Today our military and intelligence personnel cooperate more closely than ever before. We conduct more joint exercises and training than ever before. We're providing more security assistance and advanced technology to Israel than ever before. And that includes more support for the missile defenses. Like iron dome which I saw today in which -- -- so many Israeli lives. In short and I don't think this is just my opinion I think -- you would share this. America's support for Israel's security is unprecedented and the alliance between our nations has never been stronger. That's the sturdy foundation. We've built on today as we addressed. -- range -- shared challenges. As part of our long term commitment to Israel's security. The prime minister and I agreed to begin discussions on extending. Military assistance to -- -- Our current agreement lasts through ", "iron -- These are further reminders that we will help to preserve. Israel's qualitative military edge so that Israel can defend itself by itself against any threat. We also discussed the way forward to. Ocean between. Palestinians. And -- very much welcome to. -- words before -- spoke. I'll be meeting with President Abbas tomorrow won't and I will have more to say on this topic and the speech that I delivered to the Israeli people tomorrow. -- but for now let me just reiterate. That is central element do lasting peace must be a strong and secure. Jewish state. We're Israel's security concerns are met alongside a -- -- -- an independent. Palestinian . State. In this regard I note that last year was a milestone. The first year in four decades when not a single Israeli citizen lost their life because of terrorism. Emanating from the West Bank . It's a reminder that Israel has a profound interest in a strong and effective Palestinian Authority. And as the prime minister's new government begins its work. We'll continue to look for steps that. Both Israelis and Palestinians can take to build trust and confidence upon which lasting peace will depend. We also reaffirm the importance of ensuring Israel's security given the changes uncertain in the region. As the United States supports the Egyptian people on their historic transition to democracy. We continue to underscore the necessity of Egypt contributing to regional security. Preventing Hamas from rearming and upholding its peace treaty with Israel . With respect to Syria the United States continues to work with -- allies and friends. And the Syrian opposition. To hasten the ", "East tonight after  Israeli  forces swept across the border into  Gaza . Dramatically expanding  Israel 's offensive against the  Palestinian  militant group  Hamas .  Israel  says it wants southern  Israel  tonight  Israel  warns that its campaign ABC's Miguel Marquez in  Israel . It started just after sundown thousands of  Israeli  troops moved in to ", "There is fierce fighting in the Middle East tonight after Israeli forces swept across the border into Gaza . Dramatically expanding Israel's offensive against the Palestinian militant group Hamas . Israel says it wants to deal a punishing blow to end the reign of Hamas rockets plaguing southern Israel tonight Israel warns that its campaign won't be short or easy. And Hamas vows to turn Gaza into a quote graveyard for the Israelis we have several reports tonight beginning with ABC's Miguel Marquez in Israel . It started just after sundown thousands of Israeli troops moved in to Gaza . They attacked the tiny Gaza Strip from four directions on land and there are reports they are also invading -- C. After a higher clocks in the streets tonight hospitals in Gaza report doesn't Palestinian casualties. Sources tell ABC news the plan is to encircle -- Gaza City the biggest population center with 250000. People by morning. We have is ridiculous. News drained out of for a long time. But not know -- the time to do what needs to be done. The government here has authorized the call of thousands of reservists signaling this conflict could widen even war. Israeli defense forces say the immediate goal is to destroy hamas' infrastructure and take control of areas used by the group to launch rockets. In the last week Hamas fired more than 100 rockets and mortars killing four Israelis. This is -- an alert while we were working in -- wrote in southern Israel . It is what residents here have lived with for years Hamas easily -- they claim they've already -- he's really soldiers. In Gaza or reporters says it is chaos people were fearful. As -- really news. -- the city's. More than 200. Potential as you well up to melodies still chilly. In anti war protest tonight from televisa. From London where demonstrators threw shoes at the parliament building. He's the overwhelming Israeli offensive that is drawn anger. Nearly 450. Palestinians killed many of them women and children from relentless Israeli airstrikes. That's tonight Israel's defense minister says it is also watching its northern border in case of any military action by the radical group. Has -- ", 'attacks are pounding the  gaza  strip. Part of an escalating was four years ago when  israel  conducted an air and ground invasion of  gaza , it lasted three weeks israelis and palestinians, the  israeli  military stepped up, launching was a military chief for  hamas . The islamic political governs the  gaza  strip, which  israel  and the west call a terrorist organization. The  israeli  defense forces proudly hailed telling reporters, " israel  started this war, but they end. Our rockets will hit  tel aviv . We have a plan in place ', 'time there was this kind of violence was four years ago when israel conducted an air and ground invasion of gaza , it lasted three weeks and left more than 1,000 people dead. After days of tit for tat attacks between israelis and palestinians, the israeli military stepped up, launching what they call operation pillar of defense. Its first target was a military chief for hamas . The islamic political party that governs the gaza strip, which israel and the west call a terrorist organization. The israeli defense forces proudly hailed his assassination, releasing this poster. But his death was just the beginning. Five of the palestinians killed so far were children, including this 11-month-old baby, held in the arms of his father, a local journalist for the bbc, who asked, "what did my son do to die like this?" This morning, ah ha has leader vowed revenge, telling reporters, " israel started this war, but they will never know its end. Our rockets will hit tel aviv . We have a plan in place and they will regret what they did." And hamas made good on that threat, launching a rocket attack on tel aviv , israel\'s largest city, where residents crouched in fear. Tonight, israeli troops were seen making their way to the gaza border. A grim indication that a ground war may be next. This battle, which is playing out against the background of an impending election in israel , is the worst fighting the region has seen in years. The last time rockets threatened tel aviv was during the 1991 gulf war, when saddam hussein\'s missiles hit the city. And tonight, tensions inside gaza remain high as my colleague, alex marquardt, found out. Reporter: The cloud of an israeli missile strike met us as we arrived in gaza at sunset. It is eerily quiet here. This is definitely the quietest I\'ve seen it. Very few people in the streets. All the homes and shops are closed up. Everyone seems to be hunkered down inside. For good reason. Israel so far has targeted 300 sites in gaza . Missiles rained down with loud thuds if they\'re far away. Deafening booms if they\'re close. ses looks like. A massive crater filled with cinderblock and rebar, the strong smell of diesel fuel. Several of the houses around were damaged very badly. And the residents here on this street say they hope hamas will keep firing rockets into israel in retaliation. A crowd of men was gathered outside one of the houses. We met this 30-year-old, who said the strike felt like an earthquake. "They\'re targeting civilians and kinds," he calling on hamas and other groups to hit hard. Reporter: Back in washington, president obama has been making calls to the middle east. I want to express my thanks to president obama. Reporter: Here, in israel , the government has taken this battle to social media. Its official twitter field has blasted out threats to hamas . It warned yesterday that no hamas operatives, whether low level or senior leaders, show their faces above ground in the days ahead. Hamas fired back with this tweet, "our blessed hands will reach your leader and soldiers wherever they are. You opened hell gaeflts on ', 'Obama, King Abdullah Press Conference 2013: Leaders Discuss Mideast Peace in Jordan', "the graves of Rabin.  Israel 's former prime minister were. The State of  Israel  does not exist because strong Jewish State of  Israel . Such a holocaust will Mahmoud Abbas of the  Palestinian  Authority. From there he went to  Tel Aviv  and salute to Jordan Palestinians and pro  Palestinian . Activists that he the border between the  West Bank  and Jerusalem several between the  west bank  and  Israel  is fairly the  West Bank walls roads built by by  Israel . In part because in the  West Bank  there some 300000.  Israeli  settlers living alongside ", "zionism. Who lays in -- near the graves of -- -- Rabin. Israel's former prime minister was assassinated. In 1995. There she lay a stone on the grave of her being in the stone actually came up from the Washington DC memorial. Of Martin Luther King. -- from there he went over to Yad Vashem which is the holocaust museum it's a regular stop for visiting dignitaries and gave some remarks in which -- I discussed racism and anti semitism and and one of the one of the most memorable quotes from that from those remarks were. The State of Israel does not exist because of the Holocaust but with the survival -- strong Jewish State of Israel . Such a holocaust will never happen again. From there he got in his motorcade. And he went to Bethlehem. Where he toward it at the church of the nativity alongside president Mahmoud Abbas of the Palestinian Authority. From there he went to Tel Aviv and salute to Jordan where now we -- expecting to give remarks alongside King Abdullah the Second. And now Alex -- -- ", "about Obama not necessarily believing that he was the biggest supporter of Israel but from the moment that he got off the plane. He was back slapping -- hugging Israeli leaders like President Shimon Peres. And -- prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu and he really warmed up. The Israeli public through his actions and most notably through that that you mentioned and in which he spoke. In glowing terms about Israel . I just want to show you this is one of Israel's main newspapers called -- I don't know it is actually the biggest newspaper Israel and this as -- below lives but which means. You're not alone. -- lines from president Obama's speech and it was it's one lines -- that has that has been -- -- that is graced the front pages of several Israeli newspapers today. But if you're looking over the Palestinian side the reaction really was the polar opposite it was very cool the Palestinians. Are frustrated angry. Basically -- what we are talking about earlier that that the president come didn't come out. Stronger against settlements. The Palestinian officials -- speaking with earlier sent to me we don't understand why -- President Obama even tame the situation is exactly the same as it was when he arrives at the Palestinians elected got very little -- anything at all out of this visit. Well Alex just this morning though Israeli prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu apologize for the attack on the Gaza flotilla. That happened back in May of 2010 some would say. That was a surprising move we saw. Perhaps that olive branch "]