["ought to know it. Frankly, I think we ought to reopen the patriot act and put some limits on data that the national security administration is collecting. What kind of limits exactly? They're not allowed to continue the targeting of any individual unless they have probable ", 'Eight northern counties are considering seceding to create the 51st state, "North Colorado"', "feel is a more liberal slant this their legislature now with stricter gun laws and gas drilling. Also trending new evidence from 35 million miles away that mars once had drinkable water . Ten years after the launch nasa's opportunity rover analyzed what maybe the oldest rock captured and found that mars once had nonacidic ", 'PHOTO: Several counties in northeast Colorado are coming together to propose a secession to create a 51st state.', 'PHOTO: Several counties in northeast Colorado are coming together to propose a secession to create a 51st state.', "A Colorado family was surprised by a bear looking right into their camera's lens.", "Accused Colorado shooter's plea of not guilty by reason of insanity could spare him the death penalty.", "Accused Colorado shooter's plea of not guilty by reason of insanity could spare him the death penalty.", "Accused Colorado shooter's plea of not guilty by reason of insanity could spare him the death penalty.", "neuroscience student is accused of opening fire during a screening of the Dark Knight rises last July murdering twelve people injuring seventy. Prosecutors want the death penalty . And Holmes sometimes yawning spoke only wants the judge asked if he had any questions Holmes answered no. But you couldn't hear ", "Police: Boy's Father Broke Into Estranged Wife's Home, Assaulted Her, Kidnapped Son", 'Evan Ebel shot Deputy James Boyd in Texas after allegedly killing a Colorado prison chief.', "between the men accused of gunning down Colorado's prison -- and that pizza delivery man and a deputy last march. A warning this video may be -- to watch. The suspect and any -- was on the run and Texas after the Colorado shootings and deputy James Boyd pulled him over. -- was -- into the passenger window when he was shot three times amazingly Boyd survived. Thanks mostly to his bulletproof vest evil was killed 35 minutes later in a shoot out with police. ", 'Firefighters in Colorado more used to pulling frightened cats down from high trees had a change of pace Sunday when a 200-pound bear was found in a tree high above Colorado Springs. The female black bear made its way into the tree Sunday morning but...', 'PHOTO: A bear was rescued from a tree in Colorado Springs, Colo. on May 19, 2013 by the local fire department, which sedated the animal and will release it back into the wild, away from the ...', 'PHOTO: A bear was rescued from a tree in Colorado Springs, Colo. on May 19, 2013 by the local fire department, which sedated the animal and will release it back into the wild, away from the neighborhood.', 'PHOTO: Weld County, Colo., Sheriff John Cooke, left, with El Paso County Sheriff Terry Maketa, center right, and other sheriffs standing behind him, speaks during a news conference at which he ...', 'PHOTO: Weld County, Colo., Sheriff John Cooke, left, with El Paso County Sheriff Terry Maketa, center right, and other sheriffs standing behind him, speaks during a news conference at which he announced that 54 Colorado sheriffs are filing a federal civil', 'Prince Harry spent the fourth day of his American tour looking more like a politician than a prince, helping host the Wounded Warrior games in Colorado, posing for pictures, tossing a football and even cooing over a baby, which is perfect practice for the soon-to-be-uncle....']