["forgiveness. I've had to seek  reconciliation . But I'm also a 68-year-old Israelis into a peace process?  Hamas  does not admit the-- the right There is no difference between  Fatah  and  Hamas . We both agree Israel has no right ", 'Minister Benjamin  Netanyahu , talking to the before a deal with  Hamas  was struck and including top  Hamas  officials. In them home waved  Hamas  flags, a rare sight in the  Fatah -controlled West the start of a  reconciliation  process similar framework for a  reconciliation  process in any ', 'Benjamin  Netanyahu  is set to alliance between  Hamas  and  Fatah , and the Israel and  Palestine  should be terror group  Hamas , which does struck a  reconciliation  deal with rival  Fatah , which has included a  Hamas  that would ', 'Minister Benjamin  Netanyahu  told the American political group  Hamas , which does not exist, struck a  reconciliation  deal with rival  Fatah , which has controlled that included a  Hamas  that would not insists on including  Hamas , the United States ', 'process, no prospects of one, a  Fatah - Hamas  deal, the Arab world in a modified issue right now becomes, what is  Fatah  going to do about this alliance with  Hamas , a terrorist group that has called ', "In 'Arab Spring' Speech, President Obama Offers Aid to Egypt and Tunisia, Chastises Bahrain, Pushes 1967 Borders for Israel", 'future Israel/ Palestine  peace agreement consumed with the  Fatah  leadership attempting  reconciliation  with  Hamas , which the Minister Benjamin  Netanyahu  will visit Israel and  Palestine  should be based prosperity if  Hamas  insists on a ', "make peace with the Palestinians, given the  reconciliation  between  Fatah  and  Hamas , and  Hamas  in its charter has called for the destruction monitor the developments and reports about the  reconciliation  and where it's headed. TAPPER: But is ", "Clem's Chronicles: Chicago Juvenile Violence/Afghan War Anniversary/Detroit Chaos", "that both Israel and  Hamas  committed war crimes Even his moderate  Fatah  colleagues have publicly hay of the situation.  Hamas ' Mahmoud Zahar Monday released Sept. 15,  Hamas  celebrated the release threatening plans for  Hamas  and  Fatah  to make peace and sign a  reconciliation  document in Cairo later ", 'Front for the Liberation of  Palestine , who is responsible for the assassination of  Hamas  Palestinian parliament speaker minister Rehavam Ze\'evi.  Hamas  is the main rival of Abbas\'  Fatah  party. An Israel Ministry and to help with peace and  reconciliation ."']