['self-rule government, the perpetually cash-strapped  Palestinian Authority . The talks envisioned by Kerry are to last for six to confrontation with the U.S. that could spell the end of his  Palestinian Authority , analysts said. "Abbas is going for talks with Israel ', "authorized to discuss Kerry's plans publicly. Kerry is currently in Jordan and could possibly stop in the  Palestinian Authority  or Israel on his way home, but the official gave no indication of how the secretary would consult with the ", 'as many months as secretary. However unlike his previous visits he had no plans to travel to Israel or the  Palestinian Authority . Instead, he will brief Arab League foreign ministers on his efforts to get the two sides back to negotiations ', "cultural stop in Bethlehem. There he toured the Church of the Nativity, the biblical birthplace of Jesus, with  Palestinian Authority  President Mahmoud Abbas. The visit lasted less than an hour, before Obama's motorcade whisked him off to ", 'visited the Israel Museum to see the Dead Sea Scrolls. He also visited West Bank city of Ramallah to meet with  Palestinian Authority  President Abbas. Back in Jerusalem (at about 11 a.m. ET) President Obama is set to deliver remarks to ', 'before heading to Ramallah in the West Bank to meet with  Palestinian Authority  President Mahmoud Abbas. There was no claim of responsibility Israel was one of the main obstacles. Abbas, head of the  Palestinian Authority  that governs the West Bank, made no mention of the morning ', 'negotiate with anyone who is dedicated to its destruction. But while I know you have had differences with the  Palestinian Authority , I believe that you do have a true partner in President Abbas and Prime Minister Fayyad. Over the last ', 'Americans continue to sympathize with Israel rather than the  Palestinian Authority , most prefer for the U.S. not to take the lead in to the West Bank to Ramallah, where he will meet with  Palestinian Authority  President Mahmoud Abbas and other leaders, who are frustrated ', "side with Israel rather than the  Palestinian Authority , but - with President Obama's percent who side more with the  Palestinian Authority , with the rest favoring neither put too little pressure on the  Palestinian Authority  than too much pressure - 34 vs ", 'But she did not let Israel off scot-free. "We opposed his resolution. But we also need to see that the  Palestinian Authority  in the West Bank still offers the most compelling alternative to rockets and permanent resistance. At a time ', 'the vote today still falls short of triggering the law in Congress that automatically cuts all U.S. aid to  Palestinian Authority  and any programs in the Palestinian Territories, as well as aid to any organizations that recognize Palestine ', 'Susan Collins (R-Maine), co-authors of a Senate resolution denouncing the statehood bid, wrote to the  Palestinian Authority  president on Wednesday warning him that "any such efforts may cause consequences in regards to U.S. policy ', 'of State Hillary Clinton lands in Israel for discussions with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and  Palestinian Authority  President Mahmoud Abbas about the fighting. As the news broke, Israeli missiles continued to explode in Gaza ', "defense minister Ehud Barack He went to Ramallah. And spoke to the prime minister and president. Of the  Palestinian National Authority  later this evening He will meet with the prime minister of Israel Ehud And then you'll fly to Berlin ", "to Ramallah. And spoke to the prime minister and president. Of the Palestinian National Authority later this evening He will meet with the prime minister of Israel Ehud -- And then you'll fly to Berlin. I'm Jake ", "Peres defense minister Ehud Barack He went to Ramallah. And spoke to the prime minister and president of the  Palestinian National Authority  later this evening He will meet with the prime minister of Israel Ehud And he'll fly to Berlin. I'm ", "to Ramallah. And spoke to the prime minister and president of the Palestinian National Authority later this evening He will meet with the prime minister of Israel Ehud -- And he'll fly to Berlin. I'm Jake Tapper ", 'Obama, King Abdullah Press Conference 2013: Leaders Discuss Mideast Peace in Jordan', "president Mahmoud Abbas of the  Palestinian Authority . From there he went to Tel Aviv we see after. Visiting with the  Palestinian Authority  and and with Israel he's meeting Obama is meeting with of course the  Palestinian authority  president Mahmoud. in Ramallah ", 'at the church of the nativity alongside president Mahmoud Abbas of the Palestinian Authority . From there he went to Tel Aviv and salute to Jordan where now we -- expecting to give remarks alongside King Abdullah ', "just peace with autocrat. And now we see after. Visiting with the Palestinian Authority and and with Israel he's meeting with. And a so called autocrat. King what is your sense of how that will be ", 'turn back to. -- President Obama is meeting with of course the Palestinian authority president Mahmoud. -- in Ramallah. What is your sense. Much of what came out. Of that meeting because so many people believe ', 'morning is meeting with Mahmoud Abbas the president of the  Palestinian Authority  which runs the West Bank. Hamas the militant group runs a lot of work to be done to bring both Hamas and the  Palestinian Authority  together but of course even more work to be done. gets ', "president this morning is meeting with Mahmoud Abbas the president of the Palestinian Authority which runs the West Bank. Hamas the militant group runs the Gaza Strip so there's an argument to be made. As an analyst it to me earlier this morning that this is -- is -- way of saying her -- way of saying rather. We are here why aren't you talking about -- wanted to talk about -- -- you talking about. Israel's blockade of Gaza so there's a lot of work to be done to bring both Hamas and the Palestinian Authority together but of course even more work to be done. -- gets Israel and the Palestinians back to negotiating table let alone ", 'stayed put that to be solution. There is no better trooper one. Because it though that a president of the  Palestinian Authority  Muslim. now. In that their to And bring peace. Hamas and a is that organization. The targets. Innocent ', '-- -- trooper one. Because it though that a president of the Palestinian Authority -- Muslim. -- -- -- now. In that their -- to -- -- And bring peace. Hamas and a -- is -- ', "Israel has a profound interest in a strong and effective  Palestinian Authority . And as the prime minister's new government begins with all that's been happening in the region. The  Palestinian Authority  as. Worked effectively. In cooperation. We have the ", "reminder that Israel has a profound interest in a strong and effective Palestinian Authority . And as the prime minister's new government begins its work. We'll continue to look for steps that. Both Israelis and Palestinians can ", "is that even with all that's been happening in the region. The Palestinian Authority as. Worked effectively. In cooperation. We have the international community in part because some of the training that we the United States ", 'at this moment of crisis. And our profound disappointment and frustration with PLO chairman Arafat and the  Palestinian Authority . Were dismayed that they would allow violence by Palestinians to be carried out without restrain comment this ', 'And our profound disappointment and frustration with PLO chairman Arafat and the Palestinian Authority . Were dismayed that they would allow violence by Palestinians to be carried out without restrain -- comment this social Indian in -- ']