['Hamas rulers in this  Palestinian  territory have shuttered two bureaus over their coverage of  Gaza \'s Islamist leaders. Hamas Thursday that he closed the  Gaza  Strip bureaus of satellite fabricated rumors" that "harm the  Palestinian  national interest and resistance ', 'An Israeli and a  Palestinian  official say preliminary peace talks agreed to after Kerry are to begin in Washington on Tuesday. Israeli- Palestinian  talks on the terms of a  Palestinian  state have been frozen for five years, and both sides ', 'peacekeeping force, as renewed violence in the capital brought despairing pleas for American help. President Bush received  Palestinian  Prime Minister Mahmoud Abbas (mahk-MOOD\' ah-BAHS\') at the White House. Movie director John Schlesinger ("Midnight ', "on the Hamas-run  Gaza  Strip in years, sealing some officials in  Palestinian  President Mahmoud Abbas first came to power in  Palestinian  parliament elections steady campaign against  Palestinians  by some of Egypt's also fueled the anti- Palestinian  rhetoric. A guest ", 'happened is that there has been far more resistance than had been expected," he said. Most of the protesters were Iranian,  Palestinian , Lebanese and Iraqis, he said. Clint Deidenang, a resident who witnessed the hour-long riot from the camp fence, told ', 'video camera, the rabbi approached her and asked if she had any comments on Israel. "Tell them to get the hell out of  Palestine ," she blurted. "Remember, these people are occupied and it\'s their land. It\'s not Germany, it\'s not Poland ', 'a video that Israeli Jews should "get the hell out of  Palestine " and "go home" to Germany, Poland or the United States comments on Israel. "Tell them to get the hell out of  Palestine ," she replied. "Remember, these people are occupied ', 'on any peace deal with the  Palestinians . Michal Gerstner said Tuesday sovereignty, including east  Jerusalem , annexed by Israel after Mideast war and claimed by the  Palestinians  as a capital. Prime Minister long-stalled Israeli- Palestinian  peace talks.', 'Egypt. Prosecutors have said they are investigating allegations that Morsi and Brotherhood officials conspired with the  Palestinian  militant group Hamas to carry out a 2011 attack on prisons that freed Morsi and other Brotherhood leaders from jail during ', "July 22 2003: Jessica Lynch Returns Home Ten years ago today, U.S. Army Private Jessica Lynch returned home to  Palestine , W.V., after her capture by Iraqi forces and her later rescue by U.S. Special Forces. Lynch's supply convoy ", "was raped. 5. SNAG IN MIDEAST TALK PLANS An aide to  Palestinian  President Mahmoud Abbas says Israel must first accept  Palestine 's border before a delegate to come to the table in ", 'RESUMPTION OF MIDEAST TALKS NOT A DONE DEAL Israel and  Palestinians  still disagree publicly about the starting point for drawing borders of a future state of  Palestine . 2. ANOTHER GRUESOME MISSING WOMEN CASE IN THE CLEVELAND ', 'a future  Palestine , a partition with the  Palestinians , polls suggest Jerusalem . The  Palestinians  want east  Jerusalem  as their withdrew from  Gaza  in 2005 Israel and the  Palestinians  have engaged Israel and the  Palestine  Liberation on them by  Palestinian  militants ', 'State of  Palestine  138. In Bank. As  Palestinians  poured into recognize a  Palestinian  state in Bank East  Jerusalem . And the  Gaza  Territory Also the the  Palestinians  status as stature of  Palestinian  President funding to the  Palestinian Authority . In direct ', "UN general assembly voting within the hour to recognize the State of Palestine 138. In favor just nine opposed including Israel. And the United States. -- looked and felt like Independence Day on the West Bank. As Palestinians poured into the streets by the thousands and savored the moment. In the end it wasn't even close the United Nations General Assembly voting overwhelmingly. To recognize a Palestinian state in the West Bank East Jerusalem . And the Gaza -- Territory seized by Israel in the 1967. War. This racist -- -- occupation. Is making that -- -- solution. And the prospects for realizing peace. They're very difficult choice. If not -- Also the -- -- the Palestinians status as a non member -- -- although they will not have UN voting rights. The Palestinians could pursue war crimes -- against the Israelis -- the international criminal court for the first time. Both the US and Israel had urged the Palestinians to drop their bit. The only way to achieve peace. Is through agreements. That are reached by the parties directly. Through direct negotiations between themselves. And not through UN resolutions that completely ignore. Israel's vital security and national interest. Although the UN vote is largely symbolic it enhances the stature of Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas both on the world stage. And against his militant rivals in Hamas. And it puts more international pressure on ", 'The  Palestinian  national soccer why that gives  Palestinians  more to cheer finally the  Palestinian  national soccer outskirts of  Jerusalem  for the first Earlier in  Ramallah  for a special occasion posted by  Palestinian  president must Johns for the  Palestinians  and then national ', "The Palestinian national soccer team can now enjoy a home field advantage. ABC Simon McGregor wood explains why that gives Palestinians more to cheer about than just the game. There's no place like it's finally the Palestinian national soccer team has won some on the outskirts of Jerusalem for the first time. They hosted international position they Vegas George. It was standing room under the brand new chronicle Husseini stadium. Recently upgraded to meet international regulation. The weather is -- -- over the way this school not nearly high enough to keep everyone out. Earlier in Ramallah for a special guest for this very special occasion posted by Palestinian president must would have -- seal of approval from the very top of the game. As He cannot and -- -- in that this died at the movement though politics but -- can -- it to forward that gave the help of and for. Can be a success. From the pictures symbolic gesture from the -- is to fool people. There was no doubting the excitement of the things removing the getting the only giving daily problems of Palestinian life. The team itself is a reflection of those problems players -- -- -- and who's. Private thing abilities lady travels. Going to -- that kept him. -- -- -- -- -- And in the public policy of every player wants to play for this country and in the house decision prevents you from taking on McCarthy it's really hot to handle it if not I wouldn't wish based on any Palestinian -- favorite moments when the black candidate a 11 cool. Sunday night's match is at Johns for the Palestinians and then national soccer team at least to celebrate establishment of this brand new home. Even that both are still waiting to celebrate establishment. Of their own state. Simon McGregor -- ABC news that the Faisal Husseini stadium in Jerusalem . ", 'Obama, King Abdullah Press Conference 2013: Leaders Discuss Mideast Peace in Jordan', "Abbas of the  Palestinian Authority . From there Alex that  Palestinians  actually Palestinians  and pro  Palestinian . Activists Bank and  Jerusalem  several hundred half million  Palestinians  and Israel course many  Palestinians  can't come Israel the  Palestinian  territories independent  Palestine  in  Gaza  and the West And in  Ramallah . He seemed with the  Palestinian Authority  and and with ", "helicopter. Well what we're told -- with this travel change Alex that Palestinians actually cheered the change because it would need he would have to see how life is behind that wall the wall that we hear so much about just just how stark is the difference. That's out -- right when the news came through that he would be driving to Bethlehem. There was some shall we say joy. In the Twitter -- among Palestinians and pro Palestinian . Activists that he would. Get to see he or have to see rather. Perhaps a part -- how. Palestinians live on that drive from Jerusalem to Bethlehem. You have to go along side what's Israelis call the security wall what Palestinians call the separation barrier it's a very imposing. Concrete wall twenty feet high. Now much of it is covered with graffiti it runs the length of the border between the West Bank and Jerusalem several hundred miles. And yes that did the differences between. The roads -- and -- you can say between the west bank and Israel is fairly -- the West Bank is made up of a very complex system of bridges tunnels. Checkpoints walls -- -- roads built by by Israel. In part because in the West Bank there -- some 300000. Israeli settlers living alongside the two and a half million Palestinians and Israel does take pains to keep to keep those two populations apart. Now of course many Palestinians can't come into Israel and nor can they go east into Jordan without going through Israeli security. So many Palestinians feel like -- trapped net and so even though. -- a President Obama barely scratched the surface of this very complex system by just going through one checkpoint. Palestinians were in fact quite happy that he at least got to see some of it. Now what we mentioned earlier and that ", "some of the same issues that were discussed here in Israel the Palestinian territories. Namely Syria. And it's the the Palestinian Israeli peace process -- were also expecting him to touch on domestic reforms in Jordan to the last two years of the ", "yesterday gave his support for a quote independent. A viable and contiguous Palestinian safe are we likely to hear more language like that today. Absolutely out expected in this press conference -- you're gonna hear both presidents. Obama and King Abdullah the Second voiced strong support for -- two state solution for an independent Palestine in Gaza and the West Bank. Jordan's king in recent days specifically in an interview a recently with the Atlantic magazine has expressed skepticism. That's -- that a two state solution can even come about but they will keep working towards it. Now when the president goes back to Washington tomorrow secretary of state John Kerry is actually gonna stay in the region. Continue talks in Jordan in Israel. In the Palestinian territories one of the first things that he's doing since taking over from Secretary Clinton is to try and jump start this peace process again so that's going to be one of his main focuses. In the coming days weeks and months but I was just speaking with a Palestinian official just a couple hours ago expressed serious reservations about the prospect of peace talks. And I have to -- Israeli officials also agreed that. And -- they're not very they're not terribly optimistic that negotiators will be back at at the negotiating table anytime soon. Well well it was interesting Alex yesterday when -- President Obama met with president Mahmoud Abbas. And in Ramallah . He seemed to indicate that in his view that this two state solution was still possible even in even in the face of those controversial settlement. Being built. -- by Israel he was urging Israelis in -- and Palestinians of course your resume those. Stalled peace talks what is your senses is the hold up really. Those controversial settlements. And certainly the Palestinians think so -- the international community believes that the settlements they consider this on settlements to be illegal. You haven't heard President Obama go that far the Palestinians is that you have said that. A -- to settlement activity is a precondition. For peace talks and yesterday. The president struck ", "children in  Jerusalem . The red security with the  Palestinians  for their can't. In  Gaza Palestinian  militants travel to  Ramallah  to the headquarters of the  Palestinian  president McGregor ABC news  Jerusalem .", "tomorrow as well. Trying to balance Israel's demand for security with the Palestinians -- -- for their own state -- by the end of 2008. Will be can't. In Gaza Palestinian militants to fire rockets and mortars every day into Israel over twenty in just the last 24 hours. He can't expect the Israelis. And I certainly don't. To accept -- state on their border which would become a launching pad for terrorist activities. And in the West Bank Israel has yet to fulfill its promise to shut down illegal settlements in the agreement was get rid of outposts illegal weapons and they ought to go. Tomorrow the president will travel to Ramallah to the headquarters of the Palestinian president that would have backs -- -- that's a trip to Bethlehem it will be a day of tough talking. At high security. Simon McGregor -- ABC news Jerusalem . ", 'Israelis and  Palestinians . One year independent  Palestine . I believe That the  Palestinian  people deserve Israelis and the  Palestinians  themselves refugees and  Jerusalem . Ultimately deliver a  Palestinian  state. But friends of the  Palestinians . Do them independent  Palestine . That is ', 'a test for American four balls. As the conflict between Israelis and Palestinians . One year ago. I stood at this podium and I called for an independent Palestine . I believe that then -- and I believe now. That the Palestinian people deserve a state of the world. But what I also sent. Is that a genuine peace can only be realized between. The Israelis and the Palestinians themselves. One year later despite extensive efforts by America. And others. The parties have not bridge their differences. Faced what this stalemate. ', "independent state. And that. Is and will be the path to a Palestinian state. Negotiations between the parties. We seek a future where Palestinians live any sovereign state of their -- -- no limit to what they can -- There's no question. But the Palestinians have seen that vision delayed for two law. It is precisely because we believe so strongly and aspirations the Palestinian people. America has invested so much time and so much effort in the building up a Palestinian state. And the negotiations back and deliver a Palestinian state. But understand this is well. America's commitment to Israel's security. Is unshakable. Our friendship what Israel is deep. And indoor. And ", 'single person. Must recognize the reality that is live by both the Palestinians and the Israelis. The measure of our actions must always be whether they advanced the right of Israeli and Palestinian children. The live lives of peace and security and dignity and opportune. And we will only succeed in that -- If we ', 'State of  Palestine  a homeland for the  Palestinian  people permanent  Palestinian  borders Israel of Israel  Palestine  should be states. The  Palestinian  people must negotiations.  Palestinians  should know future of  Jerusalem . And the ', "previous administrations. -- expectations. Have gone on -- Israeli settlement activity continues. Palestinians have walked away from talks. The world looks at a conflict that has -- on and on and on. And sees nothing but stalemate. For the Palestinians efforts to delegitimize Israel. Will end in failure. Symbolic actions to isolate Israel of the United Nations in September won't create an independent state. Palestinian leaders will not achieve peace or prosperity if Hamas insists on a path of terror and rejection. And Palestinians will never realize their independence by denying the right of Israel to exist. As for Israel. Our friendship. Is rooted deeply in ", 'state and the homeland for the George people. And the State of Palestine a homeland for the Palestinian people. Each state and joins self determination. Mutual recognition and -- the United States believes that negotiations. Should result in two states. With permanent Palestinian borders -- Israel Jordan and Egypt. And permanent Israeli borders with palace. We believe the borders of Israel Palestine should be based on the 1967 lines. Would mutually agreed swaps. So that secure and recognized borders are established for both states. The Palestinian people must have the right to govern themselves. And reach their full potential in a sovereign and contiguous state. As for security. ', "withdrawal of Israeli military forces should be coordinated with the assumption. Of Palestinian security responsibility. In a sovereign. Non mill to -- stake. The duration of this transition period must be agreed. And the effectiveness. Of security arrangements must be demonstrated. These principles. Provide a foundation. For negotiations. Palestinians should know the territorial outlines of their state. Israelis -- all of that their basic security concerns will be met. I am aware that these steps alone will not resolve the conflict. Because too wrenching and emotional issues will remain. The future of Jerusalem . And the fate of Palestinian refugees. But moving forward now. On the basis of territory and security for about provides a foundation to resolve those two issues. In a way that is just and fair. And that respects the rights and aspirations. Of both Israelis and Palestinians . -- let me say that's -- recognizing that negotiations need to Begin. With the issues of territory and secure. Does not mean ", "is not what the  Palestinians  do with the UN government. And this  Palestinian Authority  and the core issues  Jerusalem  borders security for Israelis and  Palestinians  to so we're all disappointment in him on the  Palestinian  perspective but ", "on on on the wrong crisis. The issue is not what the Palestinians do with the UN this week or how the US response the issue is simply this. And that is the impossibility. Right now. And I choose my words very carefully here on the conflict ending agreement. Between this Israeli government. And this Palestinian Authority and the core issues Jerusalem borders security refugees there is no way right now. For any media or for Israelis and Palestinians to -- -- so we're all going to be left with a did after problem. Which is gonna continue to drag on that that I think is the sad sad strategic problem here. Let's talk about President Obama in all of this is as you mentioned as a disappointment in him on the Palestinian perspective but still that's some measure of trust what does this say about his leadership and what's the concern for him moving forward is. As this comes to a head this week. Right I think two things this man with all these other problems. Is not responsible for the impasse in the Israeli Palestinian problem and the problem of the much too promised land has been the purview of so many American president's summit tried seriously some haven't tried at all. -- He is not to be blamed for the current impasse because. He does not happen within his power and capacity. To force or even control the Israelis and the Palestinians to do something that right now they do -- wanna do. We -- there is some measure of responsibility in my judgment "]