['PHOTO: Singer Celine Dion performs at the Wal-Mart Stores Inc. annual shareholders meeting in Fayetteville, Arkansas, U.S., June 1, 2012.', 'PHOTO: Singer Celine Dion performs at the Wal-Mart Stores Inc. annual shareholders meeting in Fayetteville, Arkansas, U.S., June 1, 2012.', 'An Arkansas inmate who sawed through jail bars and escaped with a friend Monday received help from his mother and brother, who furnished him with a hacksaw and cellphone, according to police. The mother of Quincy Stewart, Charlene Stewart, 55, was arrested and charged Tuesday with furnishing', 'PHOTO: Quincy Vernard Stewart, 36, left, and Cortez Rashod Hooper, 23, escaped from Miller County Jail in Arkansas Monday morning and are on the lam from authorities.', 'PHOTO: Quincy Vernard Stewart, 36, left, and Cortez Rashod Hooper, 23, escaped from Miller County Jail in Arkansas Monday morning and are on the lam from authorities.', "Two alleged killers who broke out of an Arkansas jail early Monday morning are the subject of a manhunt today. Sheriff's officers in Miller County, Ark., are hunting for Quincy Vernard Stewart, 36, and Cortez Rashod Hooper, 23, who used blades from a hacksaw to saw off three bars of a jail window", 'Quincy Stewart and Cortez Hooper allegedly cut prison bars with a hacksaw blade.', 'Here at home a manhunt is underway this hour for two accused killers on the run in Arkansas. Quincy Stewart and Cortez -- escape from the Miller county jail after somehow getting their hands on a hacksaw blade. And cutting the metal bars out of the -- you see right there the men are considered -- specially dangerous one charged with first degree murder the other faces a capital murder charge . We work every guy in every hour of every died trying to -- So we never expect one but we always are ', "Obama's Arkansas Primary Fight, A New Model Republican, A Castro in the U.S., Racehorse and Carter Comparisons (PM Note)", 'Arkansas and Kentucky hold their state and presidential primaries today. A total of 81 delegates are at stake in the GOP presidential primary, which will undoubtedly bring Mitt Romney much closer to, although still slightly short of, the 1,144 delegates he needs to clinch the...', "VIDEO: Watch how far firefighters in Arkansas had to go to pull the boy's arm out.", "VIDEO: Watch how far firefighters in Arkansas had to go to pull the boy's arm out.", "with his pop when he got his arm stuck deep inside a gum ball machine -- area fire department called the end. They think has poured maybe a little oil on the -- and -- out but no he wasn't all ", 'An Arkansas toddler reaching for a sweet treat instead found firefighters reaching out to rescue him from the grasp of a gumball machine. Terrell Parks Jr., 2, was on an outing with his father Monday afternoon when, like most toddlers, he was lured in by...', "Is considered extremely dangers. Following his escape from Waller bridge on Friday made his way to the period but he didn't House. Cultivated over here. It didn't what's the plan. And Leo caretaker pending in They a lot of wind and tech exit tracking dogs lost the when he apparently got into a", "Jimmy in this -- for -- sundry also broke into a local police officer's home at the officer gone to work. About 11 o'clock Sunday night police got a call at the officer's wife who discovered. The suspect in the residence hundred threatened her with a stolen gun during the course of threatening. They're all. Family dog -- Grounding and he -- -- face after firing two more shots -- escape with a pistol. -- a tactical vest and a large life -- bloodhounds from the Arkansas department of corrections. Texas are lots of agencies involved in this search and bit -- lives near the house where laundry was hiding and near the mortuary where the van was stolen. It concerned me it kind of scary I think let's not eyewitness really -- an unknown that he not mean that close. -- says laundry needs to because. I hope that our law enforcement is -- -- -- And killed a lot -- ", "An inmate who escaped from custody three days ago is on a crime spree in Pocahontas, Ark., where police say he stole an officer's gun, threatened his wife and shot his dog. James Lundry, 39, who was being held on felony charges of improperly using food stamps, escaped from a work detail with other", "Major legal battle escalating over tossed out lottery ticket -- Josh brought this to us in this news yesterday the woman who who bought the ticket. Threw it out because she was told there wasn't any good and then another woman found it in the trash -- it and got a million dollars so who really is a rightful owner -- -- judge. Has -- this is the follow up people despite that was far from over -- BC's Brian -- has the story. It's the battle what they share -- two Arkansas women Sarah Palin and explain. To express ticket worth. First -- Shearer and Duncan. Had. This week a judge how old she should the share who gets the million dollars to see even -- -- the winning ticket are much trash. It happened last summer. This year and bought the ticket at this gas station in Beebe Arkansas. The computer mistakenly skidded -- -- -- her so she drew -- else. Along comes the other -- Sharon ", "It's the love affair Arkansas Razorbacks coach Bobby Petrino hoped he would never have to talk about and which may ultimately cost him his job. The 51-year-old, married, father of four, admits having a relationship with Jessica Dorrell, a university employee. Petrino hired the tall, 25-year-old,"]