['Police say Carter, 21, killed himself despite having been searched, handcuffed in the back of a car.', 'Authorities say a suspect in custody shot himself while in the back of a patrol car.', "chief's resignation. We not going. To accept this -- that that these. City council's . May have -- -- police department but trying to put out Jonesboro police continue to press their case even recreating the scene with this video. Showing how suicide ", 'Autopsy report supports Arkansas police claim that the 21-year-old shot himself despite wearing handcuffs.', "-- -- Carter's shot himself while in the back of a Jonesboro police patrol car Report reaffirms what officers have been saying all along Carter somehow concealed gun despite being searched twice by police. Case has drawn ", 'VIDEO: Autopsy report supports Arkansas police claim that the 21-year-old shot himself despite handcuffs.', 'VIDEO: Autopsy report supports Arkansas police claim that the 21-year-old shot himself despite handcuffs.', 'PHOTO: In Arkansas, piano teacher Dave has such a profound love of balloons that he has collected 65,000 of them; he considers them his children and is moved to tears if they pop.', 'PHOTO: In Arkansas, piano teacher Dave has such a profound love of balloons that he has collected 65,000 of them; he considers them his children and is moved to tears if they pop.', 'PHOTO: The Trumann Police Department in Arkansas is using the video of an officer being shot to death during a traffic stop as a learning tool for its officers.', 'PHOTO: The Trumann Police Department in Arkansas is using the video of an officer being shot to death during a traffic stop as a learning tool for its officers.', 'Dashcam video to be used to teach officers new safety techniques when making routine traffic stops.', "to figure happened Truman -- can happen monitor if you can happen lumber market can happen anywhere. The gunman Jerry -- was sentenced to death last month the prosecuting attorney Scott Ellington says there is one thing he's taken away from Smith's death. Remember your number one job as a police officers to go home your name. And although officer Schmidt did not return to his family that tragic night. His police chief hopes his death we'll keep others from meeting the same fate to see someone that. Go down with his -- skills as ", "physical condition and endurance can mask an underlying health condition usually a heart condition . Most common cause hyper driven car democracy. -- air force and it's hard to pick up on physical. Boy it's medicine doctor Eric Gordon says many cases are diagnosed in the teen years in their mostly male patients. Gordon performs physicals some of his top concerns are family history heart reputations murmurs of shortness of breath and turn this current in case -- as part of the best doctors -- leads on your chest and they EKG takes about five minutes and -- an underlying heart problem. Something He recommends because some of the recent deaths may have been prevented new detection. There's by about a hundred kids a year in the United States have died because this doctor Gordon says everyone needs to pay attention to possible sentence by I was -- -- jumping expected ", 'Three men convicted of killing 38 year old cub scouts and dumping their naked bodies in an Arkansas ditch. Have been allowed to change their and they will go free DNA evidence has failed to conclusively link the so called West Memphis three. Who spent nearly two decades in prison one on death row', "go free DNA evidence has failed to conclusively link the so called West Memphis three. Who spent nearly two decades in prison one on death row in fact. They are now placed on ten years' probation. ", "Still very much yeah off it's. Situation that's been almost past decade and kept in solitary confinement on the adhesive. They are getting off from my assistant. Thankful. They can hurt really. Not available. It's. Okay okay It's not perfect a perfect by any news. At least brings closure of some", "this case. So many wonderful things -- you know let's do this golf course I'm McCain. Those stories rumors. And innuendo based. Really had nothing case whatsoever. Now at war. The whole war was lost when they have to do the same thing they would have to come -- some sort of concrete. Physical evidence . And I -- it. ", 'He was flying over his residence in an airplane. He noticed two people Barger as and as for his stance taken Adams. Deputy sheriff Wheaton says He never have dreamed of getting turn by turn directions from an airplane all to catch a couple of suspects. I was following the vehicle and I was give', "for the homeowner himself He says next time He goes for a joy ride . There'll be a few -- moments. When they fly over his house a bit nervous until say there's nobody there. ", "A Rampage inside a courthouse in Arkansas security cameras captured gunman prowling the hallways arm with three guns. Donovan worked its way to the courthouse wearing a trench coat that's like pollsters. Police say that He had two handguns and automatic rifle. He's seen entering a judge's office", "A Rampage inside a courthouse in Arkansas security cameras captured -- gunman prowling the hallways arm with three guns. Donovan worked its way to the courthouse wearing a trench coat that's like pollsters. Police say that He had two handguns and automatic rifle. He's seen entering a judge's office and then firing ", 'A team of researchers led by a University of Arkansas professor. Spent several weeks this summer perking up a site in southwest Arkansas where previously undiscovered species of dinosaur tracks the landscape. The animals that made the tracks on what at that time would have been in the North', "He -- during a time that was very warm it was a global warming period there reason why that's important -- -- Tiny during that time it -- to help us understand. -- teacher client. Using traditional and cutting edge methods scientists were able to gather valuable information that allows them to peer into the past. And develop a clear understanding of ", 'PHOTO: Former Arkansas Governor Mike Huckabee speaks during an address to the 39th Conservative Political Action Committee in Washington, DC, Feb. 10, 2012.', 'PHOTO: Former Arkansas Governor Mike Huckabee speaks during an address to the 39th Conservative Political Action Committee in Washington, DC, Feb. 10, 2012.', 'PHOTO: Former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee ran this ad attacking Mitt Romney in 2008.', 'PHOTO: Former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee ran this ad attacking Mitt Romney in 2008.']