["PHOTO: National School Shield Task Force Director, former Arkansas Rep. Asa Hutchinson gestures during a news conference at National Press Club in Washington, April 2, 2013, to discuss his groups's ...", "PHOTO: National School Shield Task Force Director, former Arkansas Rep. Asa Hutchinson gestures during a news conference at National Press Club in Washington, April 2, 2013, to discuss his groups's school-guns study.", 'One misguided attempt to impress his date ends in a police manhunt after got out of control 26 year old Jeffrey Siegel of Jonesboro Arkansas. Convinced a confront them with a knife and a park. The woman ran but boasted he fought off the assailant suffering knife wounds and dispose melee. Police', '-- -- got out of control 26 year old Jeffrey Siegel of Jonesboro Arkansas . Convinced a -- confront them with a knife and a park. The woman ran but -- boasted he fought off the assailant ', 'PHOTO: A University of Arkansas student Caleb Kordsmeier, 21, is charged with felony voyeurism.', 'PHOTO: A University of Arkansas student Caleb Kordsmeier, 21, is charged with felony voyeurism.', 'University of Arkansas Student Charged for Tweets of Men Undressing in Locker Room', 'PHOTO: President William J. Clinton was 12 years old when he first heard Billy Graham, right, preach in his home town in Arkansas.', 'PHOTO: President William J. Clinton was 12 years old when he first heard Billy Graham, right, preach in his home town in Arkansas.', 'Arkansas State Senate Passes Abortion Ban, Sponsor Introduces Bill to Defund Planned Parenthood', "Arkansas ' new abortion law , the most restrictive in the nation, has incensed activists, who now plan to file a lawsuit challenging the measure. Their challenge will come on the heels of a court victory in Idaho, where a less restrictive ban was overturned. On Wednesday, the Republican-controlled", 'Troubled country singer Mindy McCready was "devastated" after the January death of her boyfriend and "fearful of stigma and ridicule," according to Dr. Drew Pinsky, who treated her in 2009 on "Celebrity Rehab with Dr. Drew." McCready died Sunday of an apparent self-inflicted gunshot wound at her', 'Mindy McCready, the country singer who soared to the top of the charts with her debut album, "Ten Thousand Angels," but struggled with substance abuse, served time in jail and fought a lengthy battle with her mother over custody of her son has died of what appears to be a self-inflicted gunshot', 'An Arkansas couple struck gold twice after winning $1 million and $50,000 jackpots, both of them during this past weekend. Stephen, 54, and Terri Weaver, 55, of Stuttgart, Ark., left on Friday for a weekend trip to a cabin near Greers Ferry Lake, over 100...', "We're going to turn to the lucky couple from arkansas, coming off the weekend of their lives. Winning huge lottery jackpots back-to-back, for more than $1 million. Abc's nick watt has their story. Reporter: Sometimes great things happen to good people. I won a million dollars on the arkansas", "scratch cards. Steve won $1 million. I thought I was having a heart attack . There was no way. I was sitting in the chair in my recliner, most all night long. Reporter: The next day, they bought a couple more from the same gas station . And terri bagged the 50 grand. I'm not expecting anything like this to happen again. I want to take full advantage of ", 'You might want to try this at home very lucky fishing trip for a couple from Arkansas on the way out of town Stephen Weaver and his wife bought a lottery scratch to. It was a winner. Big 11. Million dollars being so on the way home they stopped at the same store. And by another him. Take a look.', 'You might want to try this at home very lucky fishing trip for a couple from Arkansas on the way out of town Stephen Weaver and his wife bought a lottery scratch to. It ', "PHOTO: Senator Heidi Heitkamp (D) North Dakota, Representative Joaquin Castro (D) Texas, and Representative Tom Cotton (R) Arkansas On 'This Week'", "PHOTO: Senator Heidi Heitkamp (D) North Dakota, Representative Joaquin Castro (D) Texas, and Representative Tom Cotton (R) Arkansas On 'This Week'", 'President Bush delivers concession speech after election loss to Arkansas Gov. Bill Clinton.', 'He did run a strong campaign. I wish him well in the White House and I want the country to now that. That our entire administration. Will work closely with his team to ensure -- smooth ', 'VIDEO: Arkansas club rewards customers with two-for-one lap dances for each donated toy.', 'VIDEO: Arkansas club rewards customers with two-for-one lap dances for each donated toy.', 'Arkansas club rewards customers with two-for-one lap dances for each donated toy.', "seen one of the donation boxes that you already know it's the Marine Corps reserve which coordinated the nationwide toy drive since 1947. The goal is simple to provide toys for disadvantage children. Our local coordinator says the club's heart is in the right place. Oklahoma's has done an illegal manner and as long as people bring us new unwrapped toys. We don't get -- how they were gathered in and what the process war. If you'd like to donate to Toys for Tots there -- more than a 110 boxes set up around the area at places like Walgreens and -- -- -- you can come -- to platinum cabaret they'll be collecting ", 'Arkansas club rewards customers with two-for-one lap dances for each donated toy.', "one of the donation boxes that you already know it's the Marine Corps reserve -- coordinated nationwide tour drives since 1947. The goal is simple. To provide toys for disadvantaged children. Our local coordinator says the club's heart is in ", 'In life, Officer Jonathan Schmidt was a respected member of the Trumann police force in Arkansas. However, one year after his death, he may be its greatest instructor. Schmidt was shot to death during a seemingly routine traffic stop on the evening of April 12, 2011. The 20-minute video of the']