['PHOTO: Josh Duggar and family pose for a photo at Northwest Arkansas Regional Airport in Highfil, Ark., May 9, 2008, after returning from a trip to New York.', 'PHOTO: Josh Duggar and family pose for a photo at Northwest Arkansas Regional Airport in Highfil, Ark., May 9, 2008, after returning from a trip to New York.', 'An Arkansas man is in custody after a standoff in a Walmart parking lot that police said involved an attempted flute attack, a plastic handgun and a menagerie of birds being kept in his van. Officers in Springdale, Ark., on Wednesday responded to a 911...', 'PHOTO: Rainbow Kilo Rasphoumy became involved in a police shoot-out with a plastic gun, Springdale Arkansas, June 12, 2013.', 'PHOTO: Rainbow Kilo Rasphoumy became involved in a police shoot-out with a plastic gun, Springdale Arkansas, June 12, 2013.', 'Nearly four years after evangelist Tony Alamo was convicted of transporting minors across state lines for sex, the federal government has filed a suit to seize his Arkansas properties to compensate his victims. Conner Eldridge, U.S. Attorney for the Western District of Arkansas, announced in...', "Barbara Kasang's ring was found by her company's client as they unpacked a shipment.", 'Chicago woman loses her wedding ring but then a good samaritan 600 miles away helps to give it back. The ring was accidentally shipped by UPS to Arkansas. After it fell to a package of bark is saying with sending out now because -- been married for thirty years and had been frantically searching for days. Which he finally got a call from warehouse manager Steve Anderson. Anderson at first thought the ring was part of ', 'VIDEO: The young Oklahoma boy was killed by a bull mastiff while staying with family in Arkansas.', 'VIDEO: The young Oklahoma boy was killed by a bull mastiff while staying with family in Arkansas.', 'The young Oklahoma boy was killed by a bull mastiff while staying with family in Arkansas.', '-- -- -- Also. Garland county deputies and animal control -- Sunday afternoon searching for a Bullmastiff. Responsible for killing a five year old inside a home where both ', 'A wedding ring lost in Chicago turned up 600 miles away in Arkansas. Steve Anderson, 63, of North Little Rock, Ark., was unloading packages in the warehouse of Applied Industrial Technologies when he noticed something odd about one of the boxes. The box came from...', "Little Rock's Peabody Hotel is losing its feathered inhabitants because of sale to Marriott.", 'behind them for the final Barack. The ducks of course owned the red carpet . -- rode the elevator up one more time. And were on their way to retirement -- in Arkansas farm and into Little ', "VIDEO: Dr. William Jarrod Stewart's young patients in Arkansas may have been sedated with contaminated drugs.", "VIDEO: Dr. William Jarrod Stewart's young patients in Arkansas may have been sedated with contaminated drugs.", 'PHOTO: Dr. William Jarrod Stewart treated patients with intravenous painkiller, meperidine, between Nov. 20, 2011 and Feb. 20, 2012 and may have infected his patients at an Ocean Dental clinic in ...', 'PHOTO: Dr. William Jarrod Stewart treated patients with intravenous painkiller, meperidine, between Nov. 20, 2011 and Feb. 20, 2012 and may have infected his patients at an Ocean Dental clinic in Arkansas.', "VIDEO: Dr. Dick Haselow's young patients in Arkansas may have been sedated with contaminated drugs.", "VIDEO: Dr. Dick Haselow's young patients in Arkansas may have been sedated with contaminated drugs.", "Dr. William Jarrod Stewart's young patients in Arkansas may have been sedated with contaminated drugs.", 'Stuart is now dead himself. Kopp said he had a history of substance abuse and died of an overdose. It was only after -- stat that investigators found contaminated vials of sedatives in his office. They ', 'PHOTO: An Arkansas dentist may have contaminated 100 of his patients with "infectious material," reports the Arkansas Department of Health.', 'PHOTO: An Arkansas dentist may have contaminated 100 of his patients with "infectious material," reports the Arkansas Department of Health.']