['Police say Carter, 21, killed himself despite having been searched, handcuffed in the back of a car.', 'In suburban wrong 27 year old today is infatuated with balloons. The best way to protect it. Search and you feel alone right there with. He feels the warming. your heart just. This reaches out his. I believe these are my children. They are a part of alliance as a person and I feel it. They make', 'PHOTO: In Arkansas, piano teacher Dave has such a profound love of balloons that he has collected 65,000 of them; he considers them his children and is moved to tears if they pop.', 'PHOTO: In Arkansas, piano teacher Dave has such a profound love of balloons that he has collected 65,000 of them; he considers them his children and is moved to tears if they pop.', 'In life, Officer Jonathan Schmidt was a respected member of the Trumann police force in Arkansas. However, one year after his death, he may be its greatest instructor. Schmidt was shot to death during a seemingly routine traffic stop on the evening of April 12, 2011. The 20-minute video of the', 'PHOTO: The Trumann Police Department in Arkansas is using the video of an officer being shot to death during a traffic stop as a learning tool for its officers.', 'PHOTO: The Trumann Police Department in Arkansas is using the video of an officer being shot to death during a traffic stop as a learning tool for its officers.', 'Dashcam video to be used to teach officers new safety techniques when making routine traffic stops.', "to figure happened Truman -- can happen monitor if you can happen lumber market can happen anywhere. The gunman Jerry -- was sentenced to death last month the prosecuting attorney Scott Ellington says there is one thing he's taken away from Smith's death. Remember your number one job as a police officers to go home your name. And although officer Schmidt did not return to his family that tragic night. His police chief hopes his death we'll keep others from meeting the same fate to see someone that. Go down with his -- skills as ", 'VIDEO: Former Arkansas Governor Mike Huckabee organizes support for traditional marriage.', 'VIDEO: Former Arkansas Governor Mike Huckabee organizes support for traditional marriage.', 'Former Arkansas Governor Mike Huckabee organizes support for traditional marriage.', "plan to demonstrate their support of comments by the chains CEO opposing same sex marriage . Former Arkansas governor Mike Huckabee put together this chick filet appreciation day -- nearly 600000. People have confirmed their support. On the event's FaceBook page it's not clear if all the supporters -- actually eat at the fast food restaurant today. Protests by gay marriage supporters are scheduled for Friday. ", 'A 12-year-old Arkansas girl who was abducted by her adoptive brother after he allegedly killed their parents has been rescued unharmed, Memphis police said today. The Amber Alter for her safe return has been canceled. Her adoptive brother, Antonio Whitlow, 33, is in police custody on two counts of', 'PHOTO: Former Arkansas Governor Mike Huckabee speaks during an address to the 39th Conservative Political Action Committee in Washington, DC, Feb. 10, 2012.', 'PHOTO: Former Arkansas Governor Mike Huckabee speaks during an address to the 39th Conservative Political Action Committee in Washington, DC, Feb. 10, 2012.', 'PHOTO: Former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee ran this ad attacking Mitt Romney in 2008.', 'PHOTO: Former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee ran this ad attacking Mitt Romney in 2008.', 'Ken Aden, Democrat From Arkansas, Claimed to Be a Green Beret, Never Completed Training', 'PHOTO: Former Pennsylvania Governor and Author of "A Nation of Wusses" Ed Rendell, Former Arkansas Governor Mike Huckabee, Conservative Commentator Ann Coulter, and Former Obama White House ...', 'PHOTO: Former Pennsylvania Governor and Author of "A Nation of Wusses" Ed Rendell, Former Arkansas Governor Mike Huckabee, Conservative Commentator Ann Coulter, and Former Obama White House Environmental Adviser Van Jones on "This Week."', "Mike Huckabee on Being Mitt Romney's VP: Greater Likelihood I'll be Asked by Madonna to Go on Tour"]