['practices by some payday lenders," said Committee Chairman  Bill Nelson , D.-Fla. Over the course of five years, Smith took out realized I couldn\'t be the only one." Committee Chairman  Bill Nelson , D-Fla. said, "One thing is clear: Millions of Americans ', 'researchers at the University of South  Florida  who want to exhume human remains at a now-defunct  Florida  Panhandle reform school. Secretary reports to Gov. Rick Scott. U.S.  Sen .  Bill Nelson  criticized the decision and called it ', 'Gathering in  Florida  just 30 miles from where a jury found George Zimmerman not from two lawmakers, who also mentioned the Martin case.  Sen .  Bill Nelson , a Democrat from  Florida , said "a young life was lost and it brings up more civil ', 'GAY MARRIAGE Politico\'s Katie Glueck: "  Bill Nelson  endorses gay marriage "  Sen .  Bill Nelson , one of the last Democratic hold-outs against be attainable by Gays and Lesbians?" the  Florida  senator wrote in a statement provided to the ', "Senate Democratic holdouts who have yet to embrace marriage equality. Yesterday, ABC's SUNLEN MILLER reports,  Sen .  Bill Nelson , D-Fla., announced that he now supports same-sex marriage. The senator made the announcement during an interview ", 'same-sex marriage, which leaves six Senate Democratic holdouts who have yet to embrace marriage equality. Today,  Sen .  Bill Nelson , D-Fla., flipped and announced that he now supported same-sex marriage. The senator made the announcement ', "PM Note: Hey Good Lookin', Obama in California, Socially Liberal America, Guns 'Tougher' than Immigration", "legalization? As a non-presidential year, 2014 is tougher for new pot laws.  Bill Nelson  Flips For Gay Marriage - Sunlen Miller reports that with the  Florida  Senator's change in position, there are now six Senate Democrats still opposed ", 'Mark Pryor of Arkansas, Tom Carper of Delaware,  Bill Nelson  of  Florida , and Tim Johnson of South Dakota must be this Mark Pryor of Arkansas, Tom Carper of Delaware,  Bill Nelson  of  Florida  and Tim Johnson of South Dakota. NEW LAW SPURS ', 'marriage equality in some way. The seven are Heidi Heitkamp of North Dakota, Joe Manchin of West Virginia, Mary Landrieu of Louisiana, Joe Donnelly of Indiana, Mark Pryor of Arkansas,  Bill Nelson  of  Florida  and Tim Johnson of South Dakota.', 'senators are Heidi Heitkamp of North Dakota, Joe Manchin of West Virginia, Mary Landrieu of Louisiana, Joe Donnelly of Indiana, Mark Pryor of Arkansas, Tom Carper of Delaware,  Bill Nelson  of  Florida  and Tim Johnson of South Dakota.', 'http://bit.ly/Xnz668 REPUBLICAN RESPONSE:  Florida  Sen. Marco Rubio penned an Op-Ed in the The Miami Mark Pryor of Arkansas, Tom Carper of Delaware,  Bill Nelson  of  Florida , Bob Casey of Pennsylvania and Tim Johnson of South ', 'Virginia, Mary Landrieu of Louisiana, Joe Donnelly of Indiana, Mark Pryor of Arkansas, Tom Carper of Delaware,  Bill Nelson  of  Florida , Bob Casey of Pennsylvania and Tim Johnson of South Dakota. Of the nine, some oppose DOMA, some have adopted ', "Amendment, as you said. But one of your colleagues,  Senator Bill Nelson -- has said that they've become extremists, that they're his relationship with a major contributor-- out of  Florida . It appears the F.B.I. is investigating that ", 'for reelection in 2012  senator Bill Nelson  Democrat. Of  Florida senator Nelson  thanks for being here and about as strong that the  Florida  Marco Rubio. But white All right very think  senator Bill Nelson  Democrat of  Florida  thanks ', 'up on capitol and other senators actually up for reelection in 2012 senator Bill Nelson Democrat. Of Florida senator Nelson thanks for being here and -- -- put a proposal forward a resolution calling on the Supreme Court to. Take healthcare -- ', 'be a reasonable choice on his part. All right very -- think senator Bill Nelson Democrat of Florida thanks for being here on top -- really appreciate it. ', 'resolution. I wanna see a solution. Fail find the calls  senator Bill Nelson  is addressed to the forum club touched on the economy They see that. The local Health Department and the  Florida  Health Department have moved so slowly. Personally ', "for resolution. I wanna see a solution. Fail -- find the calls senator Bill Nelson is addressed to the forum club touched on the economy and political climate in Washington. But the senior senator also discussed health concerns -- -- -- including escalating levels of breast cancer particularly. Young women. He says requires the attention of the federal government well they're frustrated because. They see that. The local Health Department and the Florida Health Department have moved so slowly. Personally state health officials the senator is reaching out to National Institutes of Health the CDC ", "joining us from Capitol Hill  senator Bill Nelson Florida 's senior senator. I'm of the democratic party of  Florida senator Nelson  thanks for being let us right now why not just. Get  Florida  to what is standing in the ", "result in Michigan being in full participation. At the convention that the Florida Democratic Party issued a statement saying. It's important also that we are clear about one issue. At this time no suggested alternative process has been able to meet three specific and necessary requirements. The full participation from both candidates -- guaranteed commitment of the millions of dollars it will cost to conduct the event and a detailed election plan. That would enfranchise all Florida Democrats. Including our military service members serving in Iraq Afghanistan and elsewhere the Florida Democratic Party cannot consider. Any alternative that does not. Meet these requirements indeed it is very possible that no satisfactory alternative plan will emerge in which case Florida Democrats will remain committed to seating the delegates allocated by the January 20 ninth primary. -- those are some specific. Requirements from the Florida party there that don't seem to mean to suggest caucus that -- caucus would be okay they don't seem to suggest to me. That they -- eager to sort of pay for this in -- -- themselves they want the state airport as a lot of restrictions now. Oh they are a lot of restrictions and it's very specific in the Clinton Campaign -- as suggested very strongly that only a primary not a caucus. Can get that done like the -- and now are very special guest joining us from Capitol Hill senator Bill Nelson Florida's senior senator. I'm a senior statesman of the democratic party of Florida senator Nelson thanks for being let us. -- well senator let's settlement right now why not just. Get Florida to -- what is standing in the way of sucking it if some kind of a revote. That is within the party ", "dollar air Marshal program.  Florida senator Bill Nelson  as demanded a federal investigation unacceptable. Now the report  senator Nelson  demand the Homeland Security the TSA John Disco. But  senator Nelson  says he's not so sure ", 'attacks that are disturbing concerns. About the billion dollar air Marshal program. Florida senator Bill Nelson as demanded a federal investigation. Of this critically important agents. The lives of the traveling public -- at stake current and former ', "Sen .  Bill Nelson , D-FL, says he thinks Giffords 'significantly improving' daily."]