['The newly crowned Miss University of Arkansas is fending off criticism that the DUI charges filed against her before her Sunday victory tarnish her crown. "It is shocking to me because I did look up to her, and I was hoping that she would be able to not do something like that," student Meredith', 'PHOTO: Miss University of Arkansas winner Sarah Gafvert could lose her crown after September arrest.', 'PHOTO: Miss University of Arkansas winner Sarah Gafvert could lose her crown after September arrest.', 'VIDEO: Miss University of Arkansas winner Sarah Gafvert could lose her crown due to September arrest.', 'VIDEO: Miss University of Arkansas winner Sarah Gafvert could lose her crown due to September arrest.', 'Miss University of Arkansas winner Sarah Gafvert could lose her crown after September arrest.', "title and was all smiles as the crown was placed on her head . But there's a stark contrast between this UA TV video and this dash cam video from the morning of September 26. Well we're ", "PHOTO: 1886 Crescent Hotel, Eureka Springs, Arkansas. A hotel so proud of its paranormal activity that there's an entire photo gallery of ghost sightings on website-- is going for full contact with ...", 'PHOTO: 1886 Crescent Hotel, Eureka Springs, Arkansas. A hotel so proud of its paranormal activity that there\'s an entire photo gallery of ghost sightings on website-- is going for full contact with "the Other Side" on Halloween, holding a midnight seance', "VIDEO: More than 100 Walmart employees protested outside the company's Arkansas headquarters.", "VIDEO: More than 100 Walmart employees protested outside the company's Arkansas headquarters.", '300000 people worked for the company for more than ten years our turnover rate is lower than the retail industry average. And I think that shows that you know warmer as good jobs yeah. Three million ', 'An elderly Arkansas couple and the television crew questioning them about their storm-ravaged property were left dumbfounded when a naked, allegedly intoxicated young man emerged from the woods during their interview. Eva Halpain, 83, and her partner, John Manassel, were at their Benton, Ark., ...', "We're going to begin with isaac. No longer a hurricane. But still wreaking havoc this morning. Here, we see the storm track. The remnants are coming further north and bringing dangerous rain to the northwest this morning. Take a look at these pictures. New flooding overnight, in alabama, arkansas,", "here. That's strike two. Waiting on strike three. Reporter: Officials at one gulf coast power company says isaac is the fourth-largest storm in terms of power outages , ever. The number overnight, still over 400,000. And although hundreds of thousands will spend the weekend in the dark, some are choosing to see the light. It's not going to run me off. I love it here. Me and I'm sure hundreds and thousands of people feel the same way. The mississippi river , right behind me, opened today for the first time after four days. We're starting to see boats back and forth. I'll have that full forecast in a couple moments. First, we have to get to my other extreme weather team partner this morning. That would be ryan owens, in robert, louisiana. Reporter: Ginger, good morning to you. It is another sleepless ", 'VIDEO: Autopsy report supports Arkansas police claim that the 21-year-old shot himself despite handcuffs.', 'VIDEO: Autopsy report supports Arkansas police claim that the 21-year-old shot himself despite handcuffs.', 'Autopsy report supports Arkansas police claim that the 21-year-old shot himself despite wearing handcuffs.', "-- -- Carter's shot himself while in the back of a Jonesboro police patrol car Report reaffirms what officers have been saying all along Carter somehow concealed gun despite being searched twice by police. Case has drawn ", 'Authorities say a suspect in custody shot himself while in the back of a patrol car.', "chief's resignation. We not going. To accept this -- that that these. City council's . May have -- -- police department but trying to put out Jonesboro police continue to press their case even recreating the scene with this video. Showing how suicide ", 'Authorities investigate how handcuffed 21-year-old shot and killed himself in squad car.', 'Police say Carter, 21, killed himself despite having been searched, handcuffed in the back of a car.']