['VIDEO: Former Arkansas Governor Mike Huckabee organizes support for traditional marriage.', 'VIDEO: Former Arkansas Governor Mike Huckabee organizes support for traditional marriage.', 'Former Arkansas Governor Mike Huckabee organizes support for traditional marriage.', "plan to demonstrate their support of comments by the chains CEO opposing same sex marriage . Former Arkansas governor Mike Huckabee put together this chick filet appreciation day -- nearly 600000. People have confirmed their support. On the event's FaceBook page it's not clear if all the supporters -- actually eat at the fast food restaurant today. Protests by gay marriage supporters are scheduled for Friday. ", 'A 12-year-old Arkansas girl who was abducted by her adoptive brother after he allegedly killed their parents has been rescued unharmed, Memphis police said today. The Amber Alter for her safe return has been canceled. Her adoptive brother, Antonio Whitlow, 33, is in police custody on two counts of', "Jersey Bridgeman's father was imprisoned last year for chaining her to a dresser.", "Along with other local agencies are working on this case as law enforcement agencies where there's been growing Rogers -- been -- -- county or the FBI we do communicate with one another. And they basically as other agencies have done here reached out -- -- anything we can do to help. Police have carried out three search warrants on this street in all collecting about fifty pieces of evidence. Just a couple of hours ago specific pieces of evidence arrived at the state crime lab in Little Rock -- testing. Chief Simpson says its priority number one for his unit. And the state crime -- I think it's been a very productive. -- and a half so far I know that we have accomplished things I would say in the first day that might take. -- two week if we were. Left her own -- Sources. Police found Jersey -- -- body yesterday. She Simpson stayed quiet today about how this became a murder investigation . We should use -- easy obvious sign of trauma. Well I think that's gonna fall -- the category of questions that are ", 'VIDEO: Miss University of Arkansas winner Sarah Gafvert could lose her crown due to September arrest.', 'VIDEO: Miss University of Arkansas winner Sarah Gafvert could lose her crown due to September arrest.', 'Miss University of Arkansas winner Sarah Gafvert could lose her crown after September arrest.', "title and was all smiles as the crown was placed on her head . But there's a stark contrast between this UA TV video and this dash cam video from the morning of September 26. Well we're ", 'PHOTO: Miss University of Arkansas winner Sarah Gafvert could lose her crown after September arrest.', 'PHOTO: Miss University of Arkansas winner Sarah Gafvert could lose her crown after September arrest.', 'The newly crowned Miss University of Arkansas is fending off criticism that the DUI charges filed against her before her Sunday victory tarnish her crown. "It is shocking to me because I did look up to her, and I was hoping that she would be able to not do something like that," student Meredith', "PHOTO: 1886 Crescent Hotel, Eureka Springs, Arkansas. A hotel so proud of its paranormal activity that there's an entire photo gallery of ghost sightings on website-- is going for full contact with ...", 'PHOTO: 1886 Crescent Hotel, Eureka Springs, Arkansas. A hotel so proud of its paranormal activity that there\'s an entire photo gallery of ghost sightings on website-- is going for full contact with "the Other Side" on Halloween, holding a midnight seance', "VIDEO: More than 100 Walmart employees protested outside the company's Arkansas headquarters.", "VIDEO: More than 100 Walmart employees protested outside the company's Arkansas headquarters.", '300000 people worked for the company for more than ten years our turnover rate is lower than the retail industry average. And I think that shows that you know warmer as good jobs yeah. Three million ', 'An elderly Arkansas couple and the television crew questioning them about their storm-ravaged property were left dumbfounded when a naked, allegedly intoxicated young man emerged from the woods during their interview. Eva Halpain, 83, and her partner, John Manassel, were at their Benton, Ark., ...', "We're going to begin with isaac. No longer a hurricane. But still wreaking havoc this morning. Here, we see the storm track. The remnants are coming further north and bringing dangerous rain to the northwest this morning. Take a look at these pictures. New flooding overnight, in alabama, arkansas,", "here. That's strike two. Waiting on strike three. Reporter: Officials at one gulf coast power company says isaac is the fourth-largest storm in terms of power outages , ever. The number overnight, still over 400,000. And although hundreds of thousands will spend the weekend in the dark, some are choosing to see the light. It's not going to run me off. I love it here. Me and I'm sure hundreds and thousands of people feel the same way. The mississippi river , right behind me, opened today for the first time after four days. We're starting to see boats back and forth. I'll have that full forecast in a couple moments. First, we have to get to my other extreme weather team partner this morning. That would be ryan owens, in robert, louisiana. Reporter: Ginger, good morning to you. It is another sleepless ", 'In suburban wrong 27 year old today is infatuated with balloons. The best way to protect it. Search and you feel alone right there with. He feels the warming. your heart just. This reaches out his. I believe these are my children. They are a part of alliance as a person and I feel it. They make', 'Authorities investigate how handcuffed 21-year-old shot and killed himself in squad car.']