['community have every right to talk about how immigration reform will benefit their businesses," said former Democratic  Sen .  Russ Feingold , founder of Progressives United, one of the leaders of the anti-Zuckerberg effort. "But instead, FWD.us ', 'community have every right to talk about how immigration reform will benefit their businesses," said former Democratic  Sen .  Russ Feingold , founder of Progressives United, one of the leaders of the anti-Zuckerberg effort. "But instead, FWD.us ', 'campaign. In particular, Glenn Moore who famously reminds me whenever she sees me I WAS FOR YOU BEFORE YOU WERE FOR YOU. And  Russ Feingold . I have never been a part of a campaign organization as amazing as this one. And I want to thank my friend and campaign ', 'Republicans two Senate seats in the state for the first time since the 1950s. Republican Ron Johnson ousted long-time Democrat  Russ Feingold  in 2010. Thompson called Baldwin to concede what had been a highly contentious race. And on Tuesday night, Baldwin called ', "the state's Democratic governor and installed a Republican one, Scott Walker. Longtime progressive Democratic  Sen .  Russ Feingold  was replaced by Tea Party-backed Republican Ron Johnson and Republicans also took control of the state Senate ", 'president, said on his website that he\'d "nominate judges in the mold of Chief Justice Roberts." Now Roberts is as good as  Russ Feingold  to them. After casting the deciding vote yesterday to uphold "ObamaCare," Roberts learned what it\'s like to be a judge ', "'This Week' Transcript: House Speaker John Boehner and House Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi", 'said you would vote for the Simpson Bowles deficit reduction plan. And-- that has caused a former member,  Senator Russ Feingold , to call that a potential capitulation on bedrock values. He says it makes it easier for corporate Democrats ', 'The Elevator Endorsement, Obama as Amish President, Prairie Fires of Debt, Pelois and Pedicabs (PM Note)', 'Cutting Social Security? - Pedicab driver wanted to know - Jon Karl - "I have to ask you - you have just been attacked by  Russ Feingold . Have you seen this? He said you have shown a disturbing potential willingness to cut social security and Medicare ', 'electing a Republican governor, the state ushered in a new Republican senator- Ron Johnson, who defeated Democratic incumbent  Russ Feingold - and two new Republican congressmen- Sean Duffy and Reid Ribble. Wisconsin Republicans achieved one other impressive feat ', 'provided logistical and intelligence support to the Ugandan army for an offensive against the LRA. Here is how  Senator Russ Feingold  described the results a few months later: "Thus far, this operation has resulted in the worst-case scenario ', 'SuperPAC\'s on congressional races, Boehner said campaign finance legislation sponsored by McCain and former Democratic  senator Russ Feingold  had created the situation. "The law is the law. We\'ve pushed the donors out of the federal election process ', 'Federation of Labor, AFL-CIO Sen. Dick Durbin - U.S. Senator from Illinois Mayor Rahm Emanuel - Mayor of Chicago  Sen .  Russ Feingold  - Former U.S. Senator from Wisconsin Rep. Charles A. Gonzalez - Representing the 20th District of Texas Loretta ', 'And we are back now with  senator Russ Feingold  he joins us from Madison Wisconsin good morning senator. Mourning George. We heard secretary Chertoff there he says that Iraq ', 'And we are back now with senator Russ Feingold he joins us from Madison Wisconsin good morning senator. Mourning George. We heard secretary Chertoff there he says that -- -- Iraq ', 'Sen .  Russ Feingold  says the Afghanistan Surge means more extremists to Pakistan.', "they're gonna take down the US senator who's been named the number one enemy of Washington the way. All right fortunately the game isn't over yet  Russ Feingold  and I approve this message because Wisconsin deserves an independent voice.", "-- the way. All right fortunately the game isn't over yet -- Russ Feingold and I approve this message because Wisconsin deserves an independent voice. ", "been raised by our next guest  senator Russ Feingold . Isn't this against the and join in the studio by  senator Russ Feingold  of Wisconsin welcome good long as we have to try to do  senator Feingold  thanks very much.", "a question of cost which has been raised by our next guest senator Russ Feingold . Isn't this against the escalation announced by the president but he's also going on wrote a letter. To the president where He ", "Secretary Clinton engaged late yesterday now and join in the studio by senator Russ Feingold of Wisconsin welcome good morning -- You what you heard Secretary Gates that even though you've called the president's decision and expensive ", 'ago. he said you would vote for the Simpson Bowles deficit reduction plan and that has caused a former member  senator Russ Feingold . to call that a potential capitulation on bedrock values. He says it makes it easier for corporate Democrats ', 'Simpson Bowles deficit reduction plan and that has caused a former member senator Russ Feingold . -- to call that a potential capitulation on bedrock values. He says it makes it easier for corporate Democrats to join with ']