['NY to refund estate taxes paid by gay couples before US Supreme Court same-sex marriage ruling', 'same sex marriages and that same year Spyer died. Because of DOMA, when Spyer died, Windsor was hit with a massive federal  estate tax -a penalty heterosexual married couples would not have been subject to. http://abcn.ws/18gUxed NANCY PELOSI ON MICHELE ', 'same sex marriages and that same year Spyer died. Because of DOMA, when Spyer died, Windsor was hit with a massive federal  estate tax -a penalty heterosexual married couples would not have been subject to. "One of the things I felt did not have to do with ', 'aspect of marriage. It doesn\'t regulate all of marriage." 20. Justice Alito to Clement: "Suppose we look just at the  estate tax  provision that\'s at issue in this case." 21. Justice Sotomayor to Clement: "You are saying that New York\'s married ', 'legal, now allowing all federal benefits -- from postal worker pensions to Social Security survivorship and preferential  estate - tax  treatment once only afforded heterosexual spouses. See laws on same-sex marriage, state by state. For Major Shannon McLaughlin ', 'government over her having to pay $363,000 in estate taxes when her partner of 50 years passed away. Had the couple been a man and a woman, there would have been no  estate tax . The two had married in Toronto, Canada, 10 years earlier.', 'effort by gun-control activists to get rid of the term "gun control," the same way  estate - tax  opponents always talk about abolishing the " death tax ," gay-marriage activists now prefer to talk about "marriage equality," and advocates ', 'and married filers earning more than $300,000. Read: The Debate Behind the Mortgage Deduction  Estate Tax  Lawmakers increased the  estate tax  to the top rate of 40 percent from 35 percent. Income tax The Bush-era tax cuts were extended for ', 'levels to rise to 39.6 percent. Capital gains taxes would rise to 20 percent from 15 percent. The measure would raise the  estate tax  from 35 to 40 percent for estates larger than $5 million, prevent the alternative minimum tax from hammering millions of ', 'percent to 39.6 percent Permanently extend Bush-era tax cuts for individuals making less than $400,000 annually Raise the  estate tax  from 35 percent to 40 percent for large estates Permanently prevent the alternative minimum tax from hammering millions of ', 'levels to rise to 39.6 percent. Capital gains taxes would rise to 20 percent from 15 percent. The measure would raise the  estate tax  from 35 to 40 percent for estates larger than $5 million, prevent the alternative minimum tax from hammering millions of ', 'automatic "sequester" cuts are postponed for two months (paid for half by cuts elsewhere and half by new revenue);  estate tax  rises to 40 percent for estates over $5 million; long-term unemployment benefits extended for 1 year; capital gains and ', 'making less than $450,000. Raise the  estate tax  from 35 percent to 40 percent for individual child tax credit, and continuation of  estate tax  at the current 35 percent level. That for child tax credit but gave ground on  estate tax . President says his final offer is tax ', 'their relationship today. I was. Thousand dollars in federal  estate tax  that I would not have had to pay if I get married to a man And from that. The couple is his. 363000. Dollars from an  estate tax  attacks she would not have had to pay. If she had been married ', 'stranger with their relationship today. -- I was. Thousand dollars in federal estate tax that I would not have had to pay if I get married to a man named -- you know. Even -- he ', '2009. And from that. The couple is his. 363000. Dollars from an estate tax attacks she would not have had to pay. If she had been married to a man and that was the start of ', 'ruling is not just symbolic. The changes in store for same-sex couples will be practical, too. For not having to pay  estate tax  on inharnss, to filing joint tax returns, to collecting more in social security benefits. The marriage license I got in ', 'for same-sex couples will be practical, too. For not having to pay estate tax on inharnss, to filing joint tax returns, to collecting more in social security benefits. The marriage license I got in 2008 in ', 'woman from New York she married her longtime partner Thea Speyer back in 2007. Speier had died in in 2009. And it was. The  estate tax  that. 363000. Dollars that otherwise she would not be forced to pay. Under an opposite sex marriage. And because of the ', "their partner Thea. Couple married in 2007. But wouldn't be a passed away. was slammed with a 360000. Dollar federal  estate tax  bill money she would not have had to pay if she'd been married to a man. So you have beaten the ending. Diminishing what ", "be a passed away. -- was slammed with a 360000. Dollar federal estate tax bill money she would not have had to pay if she'd been married to a man. So you have beaten the ending. ", "income a year. There is a disagreement on  estate tax . We prefer the 2009 levels. Jon would you'll be taxed 68% and secondly the  death tax . 55% rate -- how fair -- let's go to the  death tax . 6,000 of the wealthiest wealthiest ", "for people above $250,000 income a year. There is a disagreement on estate tax . We prefer the 2009 levels. Jon would prefer something else. Whether unemployment insurance is included in, we feel that's very important, and ", "federal law expired on New Year's Day. The  estate tax  congress let renewing the state tax the  estate tax  slip through the latest cracks. And gone last year to get around to renewing the  estate tax  which takes a significant part of a large ", "-- one well known federal law expired on New Year's Day. The estate tax congress let renewing the state tax the estate tax slip through the latest -- cracks. And gone with it is fourteen billion dollars for the US treasury. ABC's Laura Marquez has more. It seems to be on everybody's mind -- -- Katzen Stein in this state tax planner represent some of America's wealthiest families. And those families just got a big gift from congress this health care congress was too busy last year to get around to renewing the estate tax which takes a significant part of a large inheritance. So when January 1 the tax disappeared somebody that died this year as opposed to next year with no change in the law. Could save 60%. In value pass into their family. It's a huge number. Just 1% of American families are wealthy enough to pay the estate tax but if they don't pay. It affects all of us because the federal government will lose billions of dollars in revenue. The ", "It wasn't love Lucy and just kept calling home. And it really well into the evening something like really prefer it to you today she thinks He can please in the violently. I was living in the west side I didn't know anybody in that particular neighborhood and then. After awhile quote very good"]