["territories  Israel  captured in Netanyahu that  Israel 's pre- 1967 border  will serve that the pre- 1967 borders  would serve denied the  1967 borders  would be the negotiators.  Israel  has said it and a future  Palestine , a partition Israelis support a  two - state solution  with the Palestinians ", 'must accept  Israel \'s pre-1967 state of  Palestine . They say adamant that  Israel  would not issue of the  1967 borders , the scope not want a  two - state solution  but wants based on the  1967 borders ." Deputy recognition of the  1967 borders  as a baseline. For  Israel , one of state of  Palestine  in the West ', 'radio earlier on Friday, " Israel  can never return to the  1967 borders ," but once the negotiations Minister Zev Elkin also told  Israel  Radio on Friday that "a negotiation Associated Press. "Of course,  Israel  is more than willing and has ', 'projects are conducted within  Israel \'s pre- 1967 border  and not in east Jerusalem, the West Bank or Golan Heights.  Israel \'s deputy foreign minister Zeev and worrying move," telling  Israel  radio on Tuesday that it doesn\'t ', 'spending. On  Israel  and Palestinians called for a  two - state solution  based on the  1967 borders  between  Israel  and  Palestine . Has condemned supports a  two - state solution  to be negotiated support the  1967 borders  as a starting ', 'risk a public rift with  Israel . Romney said in an interview show the world that with  Israel , there\'s "not a dime\'s failure to do that with  Israel  has emboldened the Palestinians calling for a return to the  1967 borders  with Palestinians. The ', "speech on the need for  Israel , in its peace talks with to return to its pre- 1967 borders  with mutually agreed swaps focus. The U.S. and  Israel  agree on much on this subject while the U.S. shares  Israel 's skepticism about Iran's ", 'speech on the need for  Israel , in its peace talks with to return to its pre- 1967 borders  with mutually agreed swaps focus. The U.S. and  Israel  agree on much on this subject cease enriching uranium.  Israel  also wants the U.S ', 'slammed President Obama\'s  Israel  policy in successive speeches off-the-cuff comments on  Israel  by administration officials controversy over Obama\'s  1967 borders  speech in May, and Israel  return to its  1967 borders  or that he "snubbed ', 'place where  Israel  usually receives the U.N.,  Palestine  could join supporting  Israel . "They have negotiating again if  Israel  agrees to halt and use the  1967 borders  with land swaps called the  1967 borders  "indefensible ', 'Republicans Say Loss of Weiner Seat Will Have National Impact, While Democrats Seek to Downplay Result', 'today that  Israel  would not withdraw. To his  1967 .  Border  is to make concessions but  Israel  would not go borders of  Israel Palestine  should be based outside of  Israel . Soon after return to the  1967 borders . In an interview ', "minister Benjamin Netanyahu told President Obama at the White House today that Israel would not withdraw. To his 1967 Border is to make way for a Palestinian state. Netanyahu said He would make some concessions but Israel would not go back to the lines from decades ago because they are quote indefensible. ABC's Karen Travers has. This morning. President Obama welcomed Israeli prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu to the White House. But yesterday He delivered a blunt message the status quo is unsustainable. And Israel too must act boldly to advance -- lasting peace President Obama issued somewhat of a surprise to the Israelis. We believe the borders of Israel Palestine should be based. On the 1967 lines while this is not a new position for US president -- The Israelis believe a return to those boundaries would threaten their security. The reaction from the Israelis was swift. In a statement a furious Netanyahu said mr. Obama's position was indefensible. And would be significant Jewish settlements outside of Israel Soon after the Israeli government went a step further approving construction of more than 15100 new homes in East Jerusalem. These homes would be in a territory in question if there -- a return to the 1967 borders In an interview with the BBC yesterday mr. Obama reiterated there was some flexibility to his position on the boundary dispute. There -- need to be swaps to accommodate. The interest of both sides. Yesterday mr. Obama showed his frustration with both sides the international community is tired of an analyst process that never produces an outcome. This quickly became a campaign issue Republican Mitt Romney said President Obama has throwing Israel under the bus. Karen Travers ABC news Washington. Hearing New York lawyers -- -- one million dollars cash bail for Dominic Strauss-Kahn. ", "aimed squarely at  Israel . What was his the borders of  Israel Palestine  should be based our commitment to  Israel 's security is speech calling the  1967 .  Borders  indefensible president has thrown  Israel  under the bus ", "direct words today from President Obama many of them aimed squarely at Israel What was his message here's Jake -- The need for the Israelis and Palestinians to make peace is more urgent than ever the president said as He formally announce this new policy. We believe the borders of Israel Palestine should be based on the 1967 lines. Would mutually agreed swaps. Those 1967 lines did not include the West Bank or Golan Heights. The president will get an earful about this new policy from Israeli prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu. When He visits the White House. Tomorrow our commitment to Israel's security is unshakable. But precisely because of our friendship. It's important. That we tell the truth. The status quo is unsustainable. Netanyahu was reportedly not happy with the president's speech calling the 1967 Borders indefensible. This is now a campaign issue but Republican presidential hopeful Mitt Romney saying the president -- has thrown Israel under the bus. He has disrespect -- Israel and undermined its ability to negotiate peace. Other Israel supporters suggest this is much ado about nothing at the 1967 lines have always been the basis for negotiation although usually. Privately. ", "abide by peace deal with  Israel  if it's approved by end the deadlock between  Israel  and Hamas the question Palestinian state on the  1967 .  Borders  if such a deal was approved destruction. Of the State of  Israel  its charter its founding ", "him they would accept the establishment of a Palestinian state on the 1967 . Borders if such a deal was approved by the Palestinian people. Now that has caused some quiet optimism here in Jerusalem because don't they get. Prior to this statement Hamas has been accused -- Seeking the destruction. Of the State of Israel its charter its founding charter has a -- specifically -- for the destruction. Of Israel by Austin recounted an incident -- do about that because He said when He speaks to have us about that paid off they say it's ancient history. So some cause for optimism this morning in Jerusalem He urging Israel to engage in direct negotiations with Hamas then. Yes very much city says that they can be no successful peace talks unless Hamas is included. Now the United States and Israel rejected that notion and -- Hamas is willing to specifically recognizes -- Israel and give up violence on the second issue. President got admitted that his talks have been unsuccessful. -- last -- -- -- ", "criticism. Both in  Israel  and from Republicans the borders of  Israel Palestine  should be based on the efforts to delegitimize.  Israel . Will and Palestinian denying the right of  Israel  to address. In an interview unshakable commitment to  Israel  security. You're involve looking at that  1967 border . Recognizing that ", "-- leads. Instead it set off a firestorm of criticism. Both in Israel and from Republicans. Governor Mitt Romney said President Obama has thrown Israel under the bus. Majority -- Eric Cantor said the speech undermines our special relationship with Israel and Mike Huckabee President Obama has betrayed Israel And new Gingrich called it disastrous. The -- visible -- -- -- Obama became the first US president is still publicly endorsing something that's been the basis of negotiations for the last decade. Also a key goal of the Palestinians. We believe the borders of Israel Palestine should be based on the 1967 lines would mutually agreed swaps. So that secure and recognized borders are established for both states. What he's talking about is this these -- the borders of Israel be fooled in 19676. Day war. The decisive Israeli victory then put the west bank and Gaza with its large Palestinian population. Under its control. Since then Israel has annex large -- of Jerusalem. And the west bank and build thousands of settlements. -- -- nearly 300000. Israelis live among ", 'in the peace process can  Israel  and the Palestinians seems Put more pressure on  Israel  introduce his own peace plan even call for  Israel  to return to its borders from 44 years ago the  1967 borders  so far no guidance on what ', "investment and debt relief Jordan. Meanwhile -- in the peace process can Israel and the Palestinians seems to be dead. In the water right now and there's been quite a debate going on inside the administration over how much the president should say about that in today's speech. That's exactly right there's been debate whether or not He should. Put more pressure on Israel introduce his own peace plan even call for Israel to return to its borders from 44 years ago the 1967 borders so far no guidance on what He will say but there is a lot of pressure on the administration to do something ", "has made today's meeting with  Israel  Israeli prime minister Netanyahu interesting has with his call for  Israel  to revert to its  1967 borders  and energize the Republican field now is letting down He ally in  Israel  there we have Phoebe and it's ", "start off with border lines. President Obama has made today's meeting with Israel -- Israeli prime minister Netanyahu. Really really kind of interesting has -- with his call for Israel to revert to its 1967 borders and energize the Republican field. Who rushing -- the case that the president has failed in the Middle East and now is letting down He ally in Israel there we have Phoebe and it's. The president today. I think for a lot of Republicans who want to fire up that ", "words aimed squarely at  Israel  so how did it go this directly to reporters  Israel 's security remain Paramount should be based on the  1967 .  Borders . Which do not include upon land swaps while  Israel  was prepared to make generous ", "Netanyahu -- 24 hours after that was harsh words aimed squarely at Israel so how did it go this meeting. Jake Tapper the White House tonight. They made nice in front of the cameras. For a by the body language was intriguing the president spoke directly to reporters Israel's security -- remain Paramount. US. Evaluations. Of any prospective peace and prime minister Netanyahu. He spoke directly to President Obama offering Jewish "]