["The Judge explains why going to war is a serious matter, and we must only do it when it's in our vital national interest.", "The Judge explains why going to war is a serious matter, and we must only do it when it's in our vital national interest.", 'With fears mounting about a stalemate in Libya , the Obama administration is facing pressure from Congress to reclaim a lead role in the fight and take unprecedented...', "Fmr. Gov. Sarah Palin, (R-Ala.), on Wisconsin's union battle and whether the U.S. should intervene in  Libya .", '"The fog of war" is what commanders face after the first shot is fired. Comes now President Obama\'s war of choice in Libya , where the "fog of words" hides the plan ...', 'Five months after President Obama told him to leave Libya, Muammar Qaddafi is pressing on against NATO-backed rebel forces, flaunting his remaining power in the face...', "Obama  Defends Military  Mission in Libya , Says U.S. Acted to 'Prevent a Massacre'", 'President Obama, defending his decision to send U.S. forces to Libya while outlining in unprecedented detail his foreign policy philosophy, said Monday that the Unit...', "FBN's Connell McShane offers the latest details about action against the Middle East nation.", 'The U.S. House formally rebuked President Obama Friday for his handling of the war in Libya , though lawmakers stopped short of calling for a withdrawal of U.S. forc...', "TOBRUK, Libya -- Muammar Qaddafi's warplanes bombed a strategic opposition-held city Monday as his forces tried to push ahead in an offensive to retake the rebel-hel...", 'President Obama announced Saturday that limited U.S. military action had begun in Libya to protect civilians and rebel forces from Col. Muammar al-Qaddafi.Obama said...', "Anti-Qaddafi  Forces Say They Are Close to Talks Related to the Libyan Leader's Departure", "Representatives of forces opposing Muammar al-Qaddafi say they have received an offer to negotiate terms of the Libyan leader's departure, but reports indicate that ...", "The military force unleashed on Libya by the U.S. and its partners upset several African nations despite the international community's widespread concerns over Moamm...", 'Defense Secretary Leon Panetta says plans to set up a no-fly zone over parts of Syria are "not on the front burner," despite persistent calls from rebel forces there...', "The following are President Obama's remarks from his speech to the nation on March 28, 2011, in which he defended his decision to send U.S. forces to Libya.THE PRESI...", "The scope of Muammar al-Qaddafi's control was whittled away Wednesday as major Libyan cities and towns closer to the capital fell to the rebellion against his rule. ..."]