['spend more time with his wife and children. Portman remained tucked away in private life until then-Ohio  Sen .  George Voinovich  announced he would not seek re-election in January 2010. Two weeks later, Portman announced his intent to ', 'that\'s not the case anymore. "For a generation or more, the Republicans who were most successful here - Jim Rhodes,  George Voinovich , Bob Taft, Mike DeWine, Rob Portman and John Kasich - were much closer in tone to Romney than to Santorum" Frolik writes ', 'Political Director Amy Walter: By this point in 2009, four Republican senators had already announced their retirements:  George Voinovich  (OH), Kit Bond (MO), Mel Martinez (FL) and Sam Brownback (KS). Beltway prognosticators (me included ', 'Republican Senators. In fact, by this point in 2009, four Republican senators had already announced their retirements:  George Voinovich  (OH), Kit Bond (MO), Mel Martinez (FL) and Sam Brownback (KS). Beltway prognosticators (me included) expected ', 'of Georgia, Mike Johanns of Nebraska, Dick Lugar of Indiana, Lisa Murkowski of Alaska, Olympia Snowe of Maine, and  George Voinovich  of Ohio. In addition to Biden, Secretary of State Hillary Clinton was also at the Capitol when the vote was called. The Senate ', 'Holiday Rush: Senate Advances to Final Vote on START, Plans to Take Up 9/11 Bill Before Christmas', "even getting to a vote. Now. I was pleased to yesterday. Republican  senator George Voinovich  of Ohio said he would refuse to support this blockade anymore.  Senator Voinovich  said this country is really hurting and we don't have. Time anymore ", "getting to a vote. Now. I was pleased to -- yesterday. Republican senator George Voinovich of Ohio said he would refuse to support this blockade anymore. Senator Voinovich said this country is really hurting and we don't have. Time anymore to play games. I could not agree more. I understand ", "now because of its. Unfunded liabilities and so there were certain things that He didn't bother with because He knows  George Voinovich  I've taken positions and and that's the way senator on health care. Back. I have. And that's. I'm. I've ", "there were certain things that He didn't bother with because He knows George Voinovich I've taken positions -- and and that's the way -- senator on health care. Back. I have. And that's. I'm. I've I've ", 'business people for whom this will make a meaningful difference. I was heartened that senators LeMieux and  senator George Voinovich  crossed party lines to help pass this one provision last night. And I hope we can now finish the job and pass ', 'will make a meaningful difference. I was heartened that senators LeMieux and senator George Voinovich crossed party lines to help pass this one provision last night. And I hope we can now finish the job and pass ', "latest defector from what's been a solid wall of Republican support for President Bush's Iraq policy. Is  senator George Voinovich  of Ohio he says troops should Begin withdrawing as soon as possible. I would hope that many of my colleagues ", "a solid wall of Republican support for President Bush's Iraq policy. Is senator George Voinovich of Ohio he says troops should Begin withdrawing as soon as possible. I would hope that many of my colleagues which -- ", "resolution to confirm that there is broad discomfort. But the president's plan within congress. Republican  senator George Voinovich  and had a personal message for Mr. Bush many of us feel you are not listening. But ultimately even though ", "that there is broad discomfort. But the president's plan within congress. Republican senator George Voinovich and had a personal message for Mr. Bush many of us feel you are not listening. But ultimately even though most Republicans ", "something the Republicans say therefore. It took a long time to get the votes the senate finally we had one Republican senator  senator Voinovich  of Ohio. Who is retiring. And said. Hey you know what guys we shouldn't be playing politics something so important ", "to get the votes the senate finally we had one Republican senator senator Voinovich of Ohio. Who is retiring. And said. Hey you know what guys we shouldn't be playing politics -- something so important American ", 'the auto industry. Even though there was a bipartisan compromise on the table led by senators Levin Democrat of Michigan  senator Voinovich  Republican. Of Ohio senator bond of Missouri that would allow the auto companies to draw on a loan that has already been ', 'bipartisan compromise on the table led by senators Levin Democrat of Michigan senator Voinovich Republican. Of Ohio senator bond of Missouri that would allow the auto companies to draw on a loan that has already been ']