['Ken Aden, Democrat From Arkansas, Claimed to Be a Green Beret, Never Completed Training', "with his pop when he got his arm stuck deep inside a gum ball machine -- area fire department called the end. They think has poured maybe a little oil on the -- and -- out but no he wasn't all ", 'A woman is suing her former high school in Minnesota for a homecoming event that she claims was racially offensive and illegal. She said fellow students wore stereotypical low-slung pants, oversized sports jerseys, baseball hats tilted to the side and "doo rags" on their heads on a day designated', 'PHOTO: Singer Celine Dion performs at the Wal-Mart Stores Inc. annual shareholders meeting in Fayetteville, Arkansas, U.S., June 1, 2012.', 'PHOTO: Singer Celine Dion performs at the Wal-Mart Stores Inc. annual shareholders meeting in Fayetteville, Arkansas, U.S., June 1, 2012.', "Major legal battle escalating over tossed out lottery ticket -- Josh brought this to us in this news yesterday the woman who who bought the ticket. Threw it out because she was told there wasn't any good and then another woman found it in the trash -- it and got a million dollars so who really is a rightful owner -- -- judge. Has -- this is the follow up people despite that was far from over -- BC's Brian -- has the story. It's the battle what they share -- two Arkansas women Sarah Palin and explain. To express ticket worth. First -- Shearer and Duncan. Had. This week a judge how old she should the share who gets the million dollars to see even -- -- the winning ticket are much trash. It happened last summer. This year and bought the ticket at this gas station in Beebe Arkansas. The computer mistakenly skidded -- -- -- her so she drew -- else. Along comes the other -- Sharon ", "It's the love affair Arkansas Razorbacks coach Bobby Petrino hoped he would never have to talk about and which may ultimately cost him his job. The 51-year-old, married, father of four, admits having a relationship with Jessica Dorrell, a university employee. Petrino hired the tall, 25-year-old,", "That was out of Albert Hitchcock movie sometimes the truth really is stranger than fiction. How else could you explain the day thousands of blackbirds fell from the sky indeed while the mayor or make when he called me. He got me up. At 4 o'clock in the morning to only have follow Milton color was", "know. You know -- -- happen autopsy showed the birds died from blunt force trauma . Experts say something like fireworks likely scared the animal but it's impossible to know for sure. And conspiracy theorists Steele called the DB police department about once a week probably as long as the birds are here. Report. The conversation. Will continue. If you come dvd you'll ", "this. You know. -- -- Well. -- lieutenant duke says the BB police department plans to increase patrols this weekend. To try and make sure that no one has the bird brained idea to try and recreate what happened last New Year's Day. By shooting off commercial grade fireworks for ABC news on Rodgers is it. ", "to rob a bank here's ABC's rob Nelson. 73 year old grandmother Betty Davis claimed she was forced to rob a bank after a mass gunmen broke into her home and strap a bomb -- or ", 'Man Suspected of Forcing Woman to Enter Bank is a Longtime Acquaintance of her Husband', 'PHOTO: Former Arkansas governor and FOX new personality Mike Huckabee speaks during the 2011 Republican Leadership Conference, June 16, 2011 in New Orleans, La.', 'PHOTO: Former Arkansas governor and FOX new personality Mike Huckabee speaks during the 2011 Republican Leadership Conference, June 16, 2011 in New Orleans, La.', 'An Arkansas inmate who sawed through jail bars and escaped with a friend Monday received help from his mother and brother, who furnished him with a hacksaw and cellphone, according to police. The mother of Quincy Stewart, Charlene Stewart, 55, was arrested and charged Tuesday with furnishing', "VIDEO: Watch how far firefighters in Arkansas had to go to pull the boy's arm out.", "VIDEO: Watch how far firefighters in Arkansas had to go to pull the boy's arm out.", "Police overnight tracked down country singer Mindy McCready and her 5-year-old son after she defied a court order to return him to his grandmother. Around 8 p.m. Friday, police took her son, Zander, from his mother at a lake home owned by McCready's boyfriend in Heber Springs, Arkansas, according", "The two Oklahoma State University basketball coaches were killed in a plane crash women's basketball coach. but he and assistant coach Miranda. Cern have died when the plane went down in central Arkansas about 45 miles west of Little Rock. The plane's pilot and another passenger also died crash.", "Oklahoma State University basketball coaches were killed in a plane crash women's basketball coach . -- but he and assistant coach Miranda. Cern have died when the plane went down in central Arkansas about 45 miles west of Little Rock. The plane's pilot ", 'VIDEO: Steve Lynn directed Arkansas police from the sky to men robbing his home.', 'VIDEO: Steve Lynn directed Arkansas police from the sky to men robbing his home.']