['referendum on the euro. Federal investigators are said to be looking into whether BP representatives lied to Congress about  how much oil  was leaking into the  Gulf  of Mexico after the Deepwater Horizon disaster in 2010. The Wall Street Journal says investigators are exploring whether ', '2010, blowout on the oil rig in the  Gulf  of Mexico, and provides evidence that the flow rate of oil pouring into the  Gulf . The Deepwater Horizon blowout and resulting messages with a BP contractor concerning  how much oil  was flowing from the Macondo well after led to the devastating tragedy in the  Gulf  of Mexico," Attorney General Eric Holder ', "April 20 explosion of an oil rig in the  Gulf  of Mexico released an estimated 205 million into these waters. It remains unclear  how much oil  was actually recovered, how much remains over a period of years to determine  how much oil  is embedded into coastal habitats, and Beaches So far, NOAA's directives for  Gulf  Coast beach cleanup include cosmetically ", 'PLO Brain Drain? Palestinian New Guard Hits an Old Mindset - NYC Imam In the Gulf : How a Controversy Over Islam Plays Here - OPEC At 50: A more "Cooperative" "Cartel"', 'New America Foundation NYC Imam In the  Gulf : How a Controversy Over Islam Plays Here from the Middle East) have set quotas on  how much oil  they can produce each month (for GHADDAR: HEZBOLLAH UNDER FRIENDLY FIRE  GULF  NEWS/FAWAZ TURKI: PEACE TALKS ARE ', 'New America Foundation NYC Imam In the  Gulf : How a Controversy Over Islam Plays Here from the Middle East) have set quotas on  how much oil  they can produce each month (for GHADDAR: HEZBOLLAH UNDER FRIENDLY FIRE  GULF  NEWS/FAWAZ TURKI: PEACE TALKS ARE ', 'BP Cover Up? Plaquemines Parish President Billy Nungesser Says Oil Giant Lies About Oil Spill Cleanup', 'Markey (D-Mass.) that it had "carpet-bombed" the  Gulf  with dispersants, chemicals that some continue to question then, the crisis will not be over. "The big question is,  how much oil  is out there beneath the surface? And how long will we have to fight before all the oil is gone from the  Gulf ?" ABC\'s Jeffrey Kofman, Lisa Chinn and the Associated ', 'served only to rub salt into the wounds of  Gulf  Coast residents , would step down this rough conditions will persist in the  Gulf  of Mexico for years to come because of the disaster by grossly underestimating  how much oil  was flowing into the  gulf . Tony Hayward to Receive Hefty Compensation ', "new cap kept oil from spewing into the  Gulf  of Mexico for a fifth consecutive day for the latest on the oil spill in the  Gulf . BP says the procedure has real promise scientists from ever accurately calculating  how much oil  gushed out of the well, masking BP's said. BP Sells Off Assets to Pay for  Gulf  Liabilities BP remains under financial ", 'a Category 2 storm in the  Gulf  of Mexico, has churned up spill that is plaguing the  Gulf  Coast. The storm is far from the  Gulf oil spill , but cleanup vessels were send crews out to determine  how much oil  has been driven into the ', 'businesses hurt by the BP  Gulf oil spill  their money faster and people who are down in the  gulf , who are in desperate raw attitudes on the  Gulf . "It says that he really removed -- 40,000  barrels a day  more than the high end ', "most of the oil leaking the  Gulf  of Mexico will be contained will continue to pour into the  Gulf  every day until mid-July at estimates that up to 60,000  barrels a day  is leaking -- meaning 7,000 barrels a day  leaking into the  gulf  until mid-July. That's ", 'much as 50,000  barrels a day  by the end of scientists figure out  how much oil  is still seeping miles of the  Gulf  Coast were closed published in several  Gulf  Coast newspapers and across the  Gulf  Coast are anxiously cleaning this up,  how much oil  has been put ', 'After a day and a half in the  Gulf  -- visiting a Coast Guard station in long-term recovery plans for the  Gulf ; * how the spill underlines the need sure that money is spent to restore the  Gulf  to the healthy environmental standards the official says, both in terms of  how much oil  is being released and in terms of "our ', "Is  how much oil  is there out there in the  Gulf  of Mexico behind me for weeks leak at the bottom of the  gulf . Experts are wondering if raised the estimate of 5000  barrels a day  despite objections from But confusing given the here in the  gulf  hasn't grown noticeably ", "Is how much oil is there out there in the Gulf of Mexico behind me for weeks BP -- -- -- -- giving us one solid number for the daily output but. Now that we've seen that video the leak at the bottom of the gulf . Experts are wondering if the leak is in fact a lot bigger than they've been telling us. Just after the rig explosion on -- twentieth. -- -- at the well head was leaking only about a thousand barrels of oil a day when a few days later on April 27. The Coast Guard raised the estimate of 5000 barrels a day despite objections from -- But this video the first images of the leaking well pipe which BP reluctantly released this week is raising questions about the accuracy of that estimate. By slowing down the image and studying the speed of a single particle some experts believe there could be as much as 50000 barrels a day . Coming out of that leaking well. Ocean -- for Ian MacDonald -- Florida State University. Has done his own analysis and says He thinks the slick could easily be four or five times the government's estimate or 25000. Barrels. But -- it is 25000. Barrels a day that would mean it would be spewing the equivalent of one Exxon Valdez spill every ten days. That's a lot of oil. A little confusing given -- the -- here in the gulf hasn't grown noticeably the last day. Whatever the amount BP needs to stop the leak overnight the company began its latest attack. ", 'On day eighty so much of it is about the numbers  how much oil  is actually leaking or being captured from that that that we estimate will have a capacity up to 53000.  Barrels a day . And the relief wells the lead well is now almost 181000 ', 'On day eighty so much of it is about the numbers how much oil is actually leaking or being captured from that that leaking well and how long before they actually -- it. It seemed like ', 'now in day 56 of the  gulf oil spill  the spill has proven his fourth trip to the  gulf  today. Also a speech Matt joins us from the  gulf  to set the scene and fix this week in the  Gulf  of Mexico. Now what contain about 50000.  Barrels a day  by the end of this month to figure out exactly  how much oil  is leaking from that ', "know -- of course the robots to fix this week in the Gulf of Mexico. Now what about this deadline it's sort of came in when it seems like He did they basically -- been giving VP 48 hours -- to respond how they're going to handle the the -- from hearing and it's sort of didn't go anywhere that it. Well EDS BP did respond to clip -- last night and received notice of that today and essentially they say they can contain about 50000. Barrels a day by the end of this month that shook out her the bulk of the -- we're not exactly sure how much is coming out of there and that is a problem today they drop the bunch of sensors down there. Several of them one of them hope we will work to determine exactly what the pressure -- in that well. We determined finally the flow rate. Hive of activity out here today still as you can hear helicopters flying above. -- skiers heading out to try to contain that oil so it's still very much activity but the goal today it will be to figure out exactly how much oil is leaking from that -- still. All right so response from BP that I wonder about a response from the people of the gulf I don't know if you've had time to sort of take the pulse of the people there but the what are what ", 'now estimate. Up to 40000.  Barrels a day  are spewing from that well p residents that detained on the  gulf  for their livelihoods were furious gallons may have used into the  gulf . Enough to fill 4300. Average expediting the number of claims to  gulf  residents. Which could top ', "scenario just not worse. Government task force now estimate. Up to 40000. Barrels a day are spewing from that well -- p.'s original estimate just 1000 barrels a day . Louisiana residents that detained on the gulf for their livelihoods were furious. Unbelievable -- and life in fact 87 million gallons may have used into the gulf . Enough to fill 4300. Average sized swimming pools and while we now know BP and the government's estimates were far off. Right ", "has strong -- the company -- expediting the number of claims to gulf residents. Which could top fourteen billion dollars. But for the war present PJ oysters and New Orleans institution it's too late. They ", "has reached into the landscape now these were crews. 2000  gallons a day  just from this spot alone so what's the most frustrating system. We caught up with the man who became the face of the  gulf  outrage. He told us with the worst seemingly over he now has ", 'We caught up with the man who became the face of the gulf outrage. He told us with the worst seemingly over he now has a new fighter in his hands. -- six months ago ', "will no longer be responsible for the cleanup operation in the  gulf  and our share del Ponte has more from Burris Louisiana good expanded containment system. It's capturing more than a million  gallons a day  for the first time reaching its peak capacity. Saddening it's ", 'He will no longer be responsible for the cleanup operation in the gulf and our share del Ponte has more from Burris Louisiana good morning Sharon. Good morning well you know Tony Hayward upset a ', 'been spewing into the  gulf . And estimated rate of 5000  barrels a day . With no ability boom is now in the  gulf  is little more than huge oil spill in the  gulf  approved by the government almost a half million  barrels a day . Fraud fantasy for ', "tonight that more natural gas and less oil is gushing into the Gulf of Mexico. It's perhaps one silver lining in a very dark and toxic cloud. BP has yet to find a way to ", "underwater videos made public by BP oil has been spewing into the gulf . And estimated rate of 5000 barrels a day . With no ability yet to stop it I think that reflects the reality that once this disaster happens. We really don't. Have ", "oil spill technology. Says putting out the boom is now in the gulf is little more than an exercise in public relations. Well they just -- it because it's the only thing they can do. Knowing it's not going to do much good. Yet BP's worst case scenario for a huge oil spill in the gulf approved by the government relies heavily on booms and attempting to skim almost a half million barrels a day . Fraud fantasy for -- no intelligent person in the oil industry who seriously thought that it couldn't believe such. An assertion when "]