['With purchase of drug legal at licensed dispensaries, Beverly Hills women start Cannabis Club.', "disabled by a crippling depression. Reporter: Cheryl needed an escape. She tried prescription drugs . But popping prozac to get up and xanax to come down every day, felt like a prison, than a panacea. I was at my physician's office . And I said, help me get my life back. He said, you need to smoke a joint. I took a hit off ", 'and slide. The blaze, still very close to these mountain communities. And palm springs , as well. This morning, about the quaint town of idyllwild, a raging inferno and a 30,000-foot column of smoke threatening its existence. ', "size and dangerously close to nearby towns, including the outer edges of palm springs . The area's rough terrain is a huge challenge. There's something on fire with smoke that you try to get to. And you're weighted down with packs and equipment. Reporter: For some family, it's too late. The fire is moving 15 miles per hour. And it came right on top of him. Reporter: And there's no end in sight, with high winds and even dry lightning potentially headed this way. In colorado, the extreme heat has triggered thunderstorms and tragedy. Overnight, a lightning bold struck nine farm workers in ft. Collins, leaving two in critical condition . The fire here is so intense, firefighters did something they haven't done in 30 years. They fought the blaze from above, through ", 'Calif. outage leaves 123,000 without power overnight in San Diego, Orange counties', "The town of Idyllwild, Calif.'s existence is under threat from a raging inferno and a 30,000-foot column of smoke hovering above the community as thousands of residents evacuate. The wind-whipped fire has burned more than 35 square miles in the mountains near Palm Springs, which is near the popular", 'Most evacuate, some remain or return as wildfire looms over Southern California mountain town', '2 more men found guilty in 2009 gang rape outside of Northern California high school', 'Napolitano prepares for debut before University of California board, confirmation vote', 'Southern California Edison seeks to hold Mitsubishi liable for nuclear plant closing', 'VIDEO: Calif. firefighters say this season is shaping up to be one of the deadliest in their history.', 'VIDEO: Calif. firefighters say this season is shaping up to be one of the deadliest in their history.', 'Firefighters in California say the fire season is shaping up to be one of the deadliest in history.', "the world I own is gone. Reporter: Firefighters across california say this fire season is shaping up to be one of the deadliest in their history. The favor behavior we're seeing right now is what we would typically be seeing in august and september. Reporter: Drought, sizzling temperatures and high winds are creating extreme conditions across the entire west. Those same conditions led to the inferno 2 1/2 weeks ago in arizona, which killed 19 hot shots . Investigators now say that fire was moving at a record speed of 15 miles per hour, 13 miles per hour faster than average. Firefighters here say this fire is 15% contained. You can see some of the fire trucks behind me. The terrain is so rough, they're having trouble getting close to the flames. And so, they're being fought mostly from ", 'Protest over Zimmerman acquittal leads to 17 arrests in small Southern Calif. city', 'Napolitano prepares for debut before University of California board, confirmation vote', 'Authorities have issued evacuation orders for more than 2,000 homes in the mountains southwest of Palm Springs, Calif., sending more than 6,000 residents and visitors fleeing an out-of-control wildfire that has already damaged 23 structures, including seven homes. The latest evacuation orders are', 'Forest Service: Hundreds of homes being evacuated near Palm Springs as Calif. fire approaches', 'Homeowners in sinking California subdivision file claim, blame county water lines for damage', 'VIDEO: Michael Boatwright woke up in a California emergency room only speaking Swedish.', 'VIDEO: Michael Boatwright woke up in a California emergency room only speaking Swedish.', 'Michael Boatwright woke up in a California emergency room only speaking Swedish.', 'foreign accent syndrome. It goes way, way, way beyond my voice. Reporter: Social workers are working to get him social security and veterans benefits. And are looking for other living options in the meantime. For "good morning america," rob nelson, abc news, new york. ']