['House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform chairman  Rep .  Darrell Issa  weighs in on his issues with the nomination of Tom Perez for Labor Secretary.', 'Rep .  Darrell Issa , (R-Calif.), on a report on government waste on redundant federal programs.', 'This is a rush transcript from "Special Report," July 8, 2011. This copy may not be in its final form and may be updated.[fnvideo 1044426507001](BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP...', 'This is a rush transcript from "On the Record," May 28, 2010. This copy may not be in its final form and may be updated.JAMIE COLBY, FOX NEWS GUEST HOST: Tonight, a ...', 'This is a rush transcript from "Hannity," May 26, 2010. This copy may not be in its final form and may be updated.SEAN HANNITY, HOST: News of the White House\'s alleg...', 'The following is a rush transcript of the May 30, 2010, edition of "Fox News Sunday With Chris Wallace." This copy may not be in its final form and may be updated.CH...', '"There have been concerns before about [President] Obama\'s record on civil liberties and the security state, but people are genuinely shocked by the extent of this."...', 'The government watchdog who issued the report that found the IRS was targeting conservative groups was turned into a punching bag by Democrats in the second half of ...', 'Rep .  Darrell Issa , (R-Calif.), on the potential impact on businesses if the estate tax rate were raised.', 'Rep .  Darrell Issa , (R-Calif.), on the government wasting money on old technology.', 'Lawmakers pummeled the IRS on Thursday for spending millions of the taxpayer dollars it collected on lavish conferences, with one Republican calling the behavior "ma...', 'Sen. Ted Cruz is proposing the beleaguered Internal Revenue Service be abolished.In an interview with Fox News in recent days, the Texas Republican said paying taxes...', 'Issa looks to call back IRS official who refused to testify, says she voided 5th Amendment right', 'Republican Rep. Darrell Issa declared Thursday that the embattled IRS official who refused to testify Wednesday had no right to do so, and is now looking to haul her...']