['respects to nineteen fallen  firefighters  who lost their lives from this. Honoring. Fallen  firefighters . Thank. And to the governor various law. Elite band of  firefighters . Only 108. Hot shot crews firefighters  sends. They doing  hotshot crew  you knew. Laying down their ', '-- Brothers and sisters. -- -- -- Since they chose to be firefighters sends. They doing -- hotshot crew you knew. -- -- -- Laying down their lives every single time -- -- you call. Every time they walked out the ', 'Devin Dwyer. One by 119 brave young  firefighters  were remembered as heroes their names the nation now mourning the loss of  firefighters  greater than any since nine elevenths lives on the line every single day  firefighters . Law enforcement officers may run ', "we begin with -- ABC's Devin Dwyer. One by 119 brave young firefighters were remembered as heroes their names read outside of Phoenix -- where -- recovered bodies lay inside Andrew. -- -- 29. Andrew ", "Nineteen angels for Arizona and the nation now mourning the loss of firefighters greater than any since nine elevenths. The men died Sunday afternoon when a wind whipped wall of twenty foot flames trapped them in a tinderbox there -- emergency shelters no match for the inferno. Our first responders they put their lives on the line every single day firefighters . Law enforcement officers may run towards the danger only one member of the twenty man team survived the Prescott fire chiefs at the men can't be replaced. There aren't any other groups forums to -- to put together that was our only thing. The fire they thought continues to rage out of control growing to 8000 acres in 0% contained. Authorities have doubled the number of firefighters battling the blaze now 500. But gusty winds triple digit temperatures aren't helping dictation. And. -- In this banks aren't the only ", "contained. Now, it's the deadliest u.S. Wildfire involving  firefighters  in 80 years. The fire took the lives of 19 men part of an natural resources and still try to remain safe. Reporter: The  firefighters  were forced to deploy their fire shelters, tent-like structures ", "and still zero percent contained. Now, it's the deadliest u.S. Wildfire involving firefighters in 80 years. The fire took the lives of 19 men part of an elite 20-member firefighter team known as the granite ", "between homes, natural resources and still try to remain safe. Reporter: The firefighters were forced to deploy their fire shelters, tent-like structures designed to shield flames and heat and keep in breathable air. It's one ", "the chain link fence of the  firefighters  parking lot. The closest the families. The brave  firefighters  were out there is this is you from the inferno. The  firefighters  knew that. This is a last members of last year's  hotshot crew  training in that video shot ", "these things countless times in fact we -- members of last year's hotshot crew training in that video shot last year by journalist -- Galvin. When they did the the drill what. This fire shelters even "]