['Her husband continues to have a concealed weapons permit. Martin Literary Management has in the past represented other figures involved in high profile cases including Raffaele Sollecito, the ex-boyfriend of Amanda Knox, and  SEAL Team Six .', 'Osama  bin Laden was well the raid as told by  Navy SEALs  on the operation be killed by the  SEALs . Then bin Laden resisted." A  SEAL Team Six  member who was on disputed by other  SEAL Team Six  members who spoke ', "Leaked Osama  Bin Laden Report Accuses Pakistani Officials of 'Gross Incompetence'", "political and military leaders allowed al Qaeda leader  Osama  Bin Laden to evade capture while living for years in Pakistan interviews with bin Laden's family who recount the night  U . S .  Navy SEALs  killed the al Qaeda leader. DOCUMENT: The Abbottabad ", "A bearded U.S.  Navy  SEAL, his tan pants ambushed team of fellow  SEALs  in Operation Red Wings Michael Murphy, a  Navy  SEAL, had led a manhunt Murphy and two of his  SEALs  were killed, but the Murphy's team. The  SEALs ' Army MH-47 helicopter to embed with U.S.  Special Operations  Forces and infantry ", 'published with redactions today on the  special operations  website SOFREP.com , was originally specialist Sean Smith and two former  Navy SEALs , Glen Doherty and Tyrone Woods reporters. Brandon Webb, a former  Navy  SEAL who founded SOFREP.com and ', 'airport, his destination unknown. Will he go to Cuba? To Iceland? To Ecuador? Be whisked away to a secret location by  Navy SEALs ? That uncertainty, and the breadth of available choices, makes guessing - and betting - on where Snowden will ultimately ', "'Days of Rambo Are Over': Military Details Plans for Integrating Women Into Combat Units", 'over,"  Special Operations  Command has Though U.S.  Special Operations  Command says Army and  Navy  plans could mid-2015 and as  Navy SEALs  by 2016 but U.S.  Special Operations  Command is into their  special ops  units. But ', "soon join the ranks of the storied  Navy SEALs . When former Defense Secretary frontline infantry, armor and  special operations  units, the move was widely cheered be welcomed to train to become  Navy SEALs  and Army Rangers. Whether they'll ", 'become Army Rangers and  Navy SEALs  under plans to be announced infantry, armor and  special operations  units and set a January Exclusion Rule. While the  Navy  has 88 percent of its the spring of 2015 and  Navy SEALS  training in early 2016 ', "Qaeda leader  Osama  bin Laden before that the  Navy 's elite  SEAL Team Six  was responsible surprise of the  special operations  personnel name of the  Special Operations  Planner to member of the  special operations  community ", "compromised  special operations  capabilities intelligence and  special operations  personnel decade-plus-long hunt for  Osama  bin Laden report said.  Special operations  personnel before that the  Navy 's  SEAL Team Six  was responsible ", "officer in the elite  Navy Seals , amassing seven well as a tour in  Seal Team Six , the secretive went on to kill  Osama  bin Laden. Born Princess: A U.S.  Navy  SEAL's Journey last week, the  Navy  agreed to change ", "former member of the elite  U . S .  Navy SEALs  has come out to say she's front lines of American  special operations . Brandon Webb, a former Beck's reputation in the  SEALs  was a good one and said For Chris the other  SEALs  were brothers and in ", 'killed 22  Navy SEALs  most of them who killed  Osama  bin Laden specifically for  special operations . It happened were part of  seal team six  that heroic 300. Men in  seal team six  so when this highly valuable  seal team six  has perished ', "troops in -- Afghans everyone on board. Among the Americans killed 22 Navy SEALs most of them from team's sixth the elite of the elite. Double members of their team with the ones who killed Osama bin Laden. Tonight our team from Washington to Afghanistan reporting in and we Begin here with ABC's Martha Raddatz. It is a crushing loss the most elite forces in the US military. 22. Seals killed in the fiery crash of their chinook helicopter. Along with air force and army personnel. Thirty Americans in all. Eight Afghans and a dog trained specifically for special operations . It happened last night near a Taliban stronghold in ward -- -- province. US forces were engaged in a firefight on the ground. They should -- full of seals was on its way to help. When it was shot down probably by a rocket propelled grenade an eye witness describes the same. We were outside our rooms on the veranda the witness said we saw this helicopter flying very low. And it was hit by a rocket and it was on fire it started coming down and it crashed just yards away from our house close to the river. Most of the 22 seals were part of seal team six that heroic unit that carried out a highly successful raid. On Osama bin Laden's compound in May but none of those who actually took part in the raid. Are believed to have been on this helicopter. President Obama in the midst of an economic crisis received the terrible word last night. US special operations teams carry out a to a dozen missions a day in Afghanistan. Three to 4000. Last year alone. Since 9/11 there have been 32 seals -- But 22 win one day is devastating. There are just 300. Men in seal team six so when this one incident. More than 7%. Of the highly trained highly valuable seal team six has perished. It's a terrible loss of terrible human tragedy. There's also has significant strategic boss for the nation as well it takes a generation. To grow with special operations warrior. A loss for the nation and a loss for a tiny and close community. That one officer said has done more for this nation and we will ever know. And I'm joined by Martha Raddatz in Washington so much loss today Martha and we know that these seals operated such secrecy and understandably so. How does the Pentagon go about notifying the families and in doing so protecting the privacy even now. Well I'm sure they had notification teams out all night I've been thinking a lot about that David 22. Notification teams in just that small seal community eight more elsewhere in the nation that's just so many. And what makes this even more tragic is that it follows on the heels of that bin Laden -- Where those -- families the seals themselves. In the entire country felt such pride. But tonight he's you know he's feeling such pain. Martha wrapped in Washington Martha ", 'base for  seal team 6  where this this tight  navy  town the Swept the  Osama  bin Laden only men  seals  H 28 or number friends of the  Navy SEALs . Like the after the  Osama  bin Laden comes to the  seals . I think the elite  seal team six . How serious to 4000.  Special operations  raids in ', 'all the time sometimes twelve -- day. There were three to 4000. Special operations raids in Afghanistan. Last year did they play a major role in this war. ', "of how a team of  Navy SEALs  rescued a young the office for  seal team six  here's ABC's bin Laden. The  seal team six  the president personally training video  seal teams  incessantly. For kidnappers but  seals  quickly killed ", "encampment -- for the northern Somalia we know through this training video seal teams -- incessantly. For such missions the rescue team. Parachuted to the ground quietly landing a few miles from the site. They know that they are going into one of the highest stakes most dangerous operations that any commando forces ever been thrown into. Within minutes of arriving at the encampment. Gunfire erupted from the kidnappers but -- seals quickly killed all nine of the heavily armed man. You wanna hit your enemy when they're not expecting you wanna hit them fast and you -- -- hit him hard Buchanan insisted were both outside. About thirty to forty yards apart. Approximately 45 minutes after the seals parachuted in. US Blackhawk helicopters swooped down. Picked up the seals in the hostages and headed from neighboring Djibouti. The first hint that something extraordinary. Had taken place came at 908 PM back ", 'team took down  Osama  bin Laden that mission that made  seal team six  famous elimination forty minutes.  seals  tell us the mission the mind of the  navy  seal during any this mission the  seals  recruited from bound 75%. Of  seals  fail for the rest ', "nearly eight months now since members of that same team took down Osama bin Laden -- -- that but so many of us to ask who are these men and how do they train. Point when he anchor Chris Cuomo on that part of the story tonight. We all remember the mission that made seal team six famous elimination of enemy number one Osama bin Laden in the dark against an unknown number of enemy fighters. A small team escaping without a scratch after just forty minutes. -- seals tell us the mission in Somalia was even tougher because a rescue requires the ultimate battle skill restraint. Every action that's taken on the battlefield is designed for one objective alone and that's to bring that hostage home to their family. And that demands more than physical toughness so it's not the freezing water nor the tear gas not -- jumping from planes eleven miles up. The toughest training for a mission like this is mental. In the mind of the navy seal during any operation and especially during something is high states is -- hostage rescue operation. They're always aware of where's the hostage how do I need to react in order to accomplish this mission the seals recruited from the best and winnowed down from there. Holding their breath underwater for two minutes without releasing a bubble. Then swimming with hands and legs bound 75%. Of seals fail for the rest of us. Yes. How to do. Barely half the might make it through and the result is often. ", 'pulled off by that  navy seal team six  parachuting in here how did the  seals  pull this high prepares these  Navy SEALs  for unthinkable missions not only  seal team six  facing enemy pirates encampment the  seals  were facing a barrage ', 'That secret rescue mission once again pulled off by that -- -- navy seal team six parachuting in under cover of night. To save a 32 year old American woman held hostage by pirates in Somalia -- been ', 'members of the  navy  seal team that took out  Osama  lines. The will members of the 160.  Special operations  aviation regiment well some of the  Navy SEALs . At ground zero politicize killing  Osama  bin Laden but that was done and  Osama  bin Laden as well ', "travel to Fort Campbell Kentucky to personally congratulate the members of the navy seal team that took out Osama -- lines. The -- will cap off one of the most memorable weeks of his presidency. Take up resorting to out of Fort Campbell and -- this is something of a victory lap for the present these are -- -- -- some political benefits. That's correct short -- seeing some bumps in the polls but right now here at Fort Campbell this is where some members of the 160. Special operations aviation regiment those -- the helicopter. Pilots that participated. In their mission they're called the night stalkers that's where -- -- and the president will meet with some of them today as well some of the Navy SEALs . At ground zero the president lay a wreath at the survivors -- And bowed his head at silence earlier He spoke to ", 'day a phone call from her husband Aaron a member of  navy seal teams  six serving in Afghanistan. And efforts to me Raila Now. At the wave church in Virginia Beach near where  seal team six  is based prayers for those who lost. And those left ', '-- day a phone call from her husband Aaron a member of navy seal teams six serving in Afghanistan. And -- efforts to me Raila you. Of -- two later it was late Friday in Afghanistan. Some ']