["second only to  Osama Bin Laden  at the time, was 10. Kevin Weeks  killed  five people and served loved ones of the  dead  and maimed, the Rakes was found  dead  at the side of a Police are calling his  death  suspicious. Bulger's ", 'attack on a house, which  killed  at least 16 suspected post. President Barack  Obama  signaled the administration\'s no civilians will be  killed  or injured." Senior covert U.S. raid that  killed Osama bin Laden  in 2011 outraged Pakistanis ', "least four people were  killed . So far, however one of his sons,  Osama , told a Cairo news conference More than 40 people were  killed  in January in clashes said, adding that the  death  was under investigation since Morsi's fall has  killed  14 members of the security ", 'and shootings in Iraq  killed  13 people on Sunday, as the  death  toll from a coordinated one of the explosions  killed  57, including some who around Iraq on Saturday  killed  a total of 71, according in and around Baghdad  killed  at least 76 people Parliament speaker  Osama  al-Nujaifi urged security ', 'frontier funds, too. Still, a frontier market like Pakistan can leave some investors skittish.  Osama bin Laden  hid in Pakistan before he was  killed  in a U.S. raid in 2011. The country is often at loggerheads with neighboring India. And Pakistan ', 'frontier funds, too. Still, a frontier market like Pakistan can leave some investors skittish.  Osama bin Laden  hid in Pakistan before he was  killed  in a U.S. raid in 2011. The country is often at loggerheads with neighboring India. And Pakistan ', 'always refused," said 28-year-old  Osama  Youssef, who traveled to Cairo from the high after 51 Islamist protesters were  killed  last week when the military opened fire troops, saying anyone doing so risked  death . The military also dropped flyers warning ', 'had previously been reported  killed  several times but there was time he was injured he was  killed ." Rubaish said al-Shehri known as al Qaeda core after  Osama Bin Laden  was  killed  in May 2011. "The  death  of Said [al-Shehri] marks ', 'Muhammad Lila: " Leaked  Osama Bin Laden  Report Accuses Pakistani allowed al Qaeda leader  Osama Bin Laden  to evade capture while investigation into  bin Laden \'s life and  death . The report, referred Karzai, President  Obama  is giving serious ', "Osama bin Laden  was well aware American Khalid would later be  killed  by the SEALs. Then pseudonym Mark Owen said  bin Laden  was shot by another only later found  bin Laden 's weapon, an AK-47 including President  Obama , noted that a weapon ", "Leaked Osama Bin Laden  Report Accuses Pakistani Officials of 'Gross Incompetence'", "Qaeda leader  Osama Bin Laden  to evade capture investigation int0  bin Laden 's life and  death . The report interviews with  bin Laden 's family who Navy SEALs  killed  the al Qaeda both during  Bin Laden 's nine year ", "Bulger was in the FBI's Most Wanted List second only to  Osama Bin Laden . The raid that led to Bulger's June 2011 arrest also can be heard imitating a machine gun and describing the  death  of a bartender he is charged with murdering. It is one ", "Because of the  death  of  Osama bin Laden  reminding is  Osama bin Laden 's essentially was  Osama bin Laden  of  bin Laden 's corpse That He was  buried at sea  according compound where  Osama bin Laden  was captured  killed . You can ", "for Americans at the world is a safer place. Because of the death of Osama bin Laden reminding. This country that there is nothing we cannot do again invoking the spirit of unity. That we heard him for speak about in the overnight hours in our Special Report as we first learned the news about twelve hours ago I want to bring in our. Chief White House correspondent Jake Tapper and Jake you've learned more about -- Osama bin Laden's body to rest at CNN how that was transported. That was was fulfilled and what can you tell us about that. Well first of all David just in the last few seconds administration officials have told me. That there the DNA. Evidence has come back and there is a 99.9. Percent certainty that the body is Osama bin Laden's essentially. Proving that this was Osama bin Laden of -- bin Laden's corpse was taken by the troops to the aircraft carrier the USS Carl Vinson. That He was buried at sea according to Muslim tradition there was a Muslim semen. Who was there and they wrapped him and said the prayers -- according to what is part of the Islamic tradition the idea being not to. Inflame the Muslim world. In any way right now White House officials are fiercely debating whether or not they should release a photograph of bin Laden's corpse. Those in arguing in favor say it needs to be done to rest -- that the rest aside any concerns any skepticism that this did not happen. But I'm also told by somebody who has seen the photograph it is a gruesome photographs with bin Laden had taking a bullet wound above his left thigh it is a photograph that has brains and blood and -- and so those -- that the issue is being debated right now David. But as you point out a lot of questions people down at ground zero asking me just today are we going to see an image particularly also want to show you these. Images from the Defense Department -- satellite imagery that actually shows the compound where Osama bin Laden was captured killed . You can see as we push in on -- there are much larger than any of the home surrounding it this second ", 'still searching for  Osama bin Laden . A California diver the nation. They  killed Osama bin Laden . And took custody States proclaimed that  bin Laden  was  killed  in this Pakistani weighted bag and  buried at sea  but photos of his ', "man who may be the last person and are still searching for Osama bin Laden . A California diver who makes his living discovering shipwrecks and setting on her new mission to recover bin -- remains any hopes -- a reward. -- Woodrow has his story. It's the ultimate challenge of a lifetime for a treasure hunter with a thirst for adventure. Six weeks after the president announced to the nation. They killed Osama bin Laden . And took custody of his -- well. Bill Warren is plotting to find bin Laden's remaining in the north Arabian seas and most exciting and maybe dangerous project the Warren who says he's discovered 150. Racks. Is plotting a two week expedition which includes renting a remote operated submarine -- -- one way or the other thing He has in fact. -- you think that's up for debate. Well yes after the United States proclaimed that bin Laden was killed in this Pakistani compound. And then DNA test to verify his identity. His body was placed in a weighted bag and buried at sea but photos of his corpse were never publicized which some say -- skepticism. If we're successful. And we find it -- side ", 'nearly 3000 Americans were  killed  on nine elevenths and operation that took out  Osama bin Laden  I believe it absolutely violent. Beginning that  Osama bin Laden  himself began for us bomb had been. Had been  killed  and I remembered that ', 'security advisor Richard Clarke described it. Navy seal operation that took out Osama bin Laden I believe it absolutely. And it is heart warming news. Is a fitting end to a very violent. Beginning that Osama bin Laden himself began for us and Dave McCourt what did you do at the moment you heard. Well interesting enough the first I heard it was 2:30 this morning. I am when you studio called and asked to power appeared this morning she explained what I was appearing before and Houston bomb had been. Had been killed and I remembered that there was a feeling. You relation. In one sense that justice had been served. -- on the other ', 'us. And Alison I know that you have said that -- -- bin Laden will answer to god some today. What is it you say to yourself each morning now. Well it used a form of closure to know that Osama bin Laden . Is facing his god it is it is reassuring to know that He is no longer. Fomenting violence. I am concerned. That ', "death  of  Osama bin Laden  many Americans anger. Will  bin Laden 's  death  bring the so when the  death  of  bin Laden  occurred for This event of  Osama bin Laden  has allowed the sudden  death  of somebody Quote and  killed Osama bin", "In the wake of the death of Osama bin Laden many Americans may feel mixed emotions vindication and yet lingering anger. Will bin Laden's death bring the needed closure for 9/11 families here to discuss these issues is clinical psychiatrist doctor -- man of its. Doctor thank ", "of Lawton was  killed  He is sad now the hunt for  Osama bin Laden  for eight years president's  Obama  and his team even to the  death  of Benazir Bhutto and now  Osama bin Laden . His dad hey members. Well the  death  of  Osama bin", "really no reason to doubt that -- some of -- Lawton was killed He is sad now. That chapter is behind us and he's been buried -- seat I don't think there's any reason to doubt that you -- you were part of the hunt for Osama bin Laden for eight years. In George W Bush's White House that -- -- amazing moment for you personally. When you heard the news. It was an extraordinary moment because it really set so much about the United States of America. Remember when President Bush that we will not tire we will not fall through -- not fail He really meant the United States America. And -- president's Obama and his team are to be congratulated on having brought this to an end. This is of course a real victory for ", "al-Qaeda terrorism they have been victims of terrorism leading even to the death of Benazir Bhutto. And so I'm sure Pakistan will want to understand better why He could hide right there in plain -- Norwood -- also lead to rethinking of the mission in Afghanistan. We we now know that there are fewer than 100 al-Qaeda. In Afghanistan the more than a 140000. Coalition troops and now Osama bin Laden . His dad hey do you still do you believe -- -- that kind of mission can be justified. To go after so few al-Qaeda members. Well the death of Osama bin Laden brings to an important chapter to a close but. Al-Qaeda still has. -- -- hearing who is that number two in command ", "The killing of  Osama bin Laden  is reverberating nation days after his  death  and today President  Obama  will visit ground president's visit and the  death  of  Osama bin Laden  Richard Skinner bin Laden  had been  killed  the man who  killed", "The killing of Osama bin Laden is reverberating. Around the nation days after his death and today President Obama will visit ground zero. To -- reef and meet with victims families. Joining me now to talk more about the emotions surrounding the president's visit and the death of Osama bin Laden Richard Skinner. And Joseph -- -- -- first responders on the day of the Twin Towers were destroyed Richard Joseph thank you ", "killing of  Osama bin Laden  parents having jubilation over his  death . here to someone's  death . They think people were  killed . That number that he's  dead  commerce and but. He's  dead  and that's hear. About  bin Laden  did you hear ", "people cheering in the street. That. Cheering in the streets over someone's death that this is it a unique situation well. I think the most important part of citizens -- teachable moment and this is one of those times but parents should sit down and start the conversation. But the most important part before the conversation is remembering the developmental stage so we would treat a five year old. Or six to twelve year old or a teenager very differently with these conversations. But I think it is hard because. How do you explain to someone that we're celebrating someone's death . They think there's an important part here especially if you're going to six to twelve year -- That you can explain that this was a very evil man. That it was the scariest time and our history and that for that day things were so awful that 3000 people were killed . That number two. This -- convinced other people to kill innocent people. Number three He convinced that the people to hate other people because of their religion or different skin color. And therefore we were so frightened and this man resist arrest that now that he's dead -- commerce and sometimes when people are so frightened. And they get relief. They sometimes are so excited about this and they would -- just as excited if He had been caught and put in prison but. He's dead and that's why people are celebrating. I didn't blog -- mother. That she told her son she compared him to Baltimore for ", "make them frightened. And that you could say did you hear. About bin Laden did you hear about this bad man that was captured. Did you see anything on television about that and if they say no when they're not interested you drop it right. But otherwise. If they have seen it say do you have any questions listened carefully to the questions. Answer the questions not what they don't ask but what they specifically -- and keep this answer simple. Very dead man who did very bad things and the government went and got him and punched him. So you keep it straight forward ", "then explaining to your child about. This bad man and now he's dead that could open a hole. World of fears for -- I think more about men out there you know -- -- he'll "]