['The two South American nations filed complaints against Patagonia Inc., a California-based clothing company.', 'VIDEO: An early harvest in Napa Valley could result in interesting flavors for fans of the fermented grape.', 'VIDEO: An early harvest in Napa Valley could result in interesting flavors for fans of the fermented grape.', 'Stolen Flock of Seagulls van found in S. Calif. but $70,000 worth of equipment is missing', 'Guinness record holder for shoe-related items killed in S. California.; ex-boyfriend arrested', 'VIDEO: Health officials in California are warning people to stay away from unusual looking bats.', 'VIDEO: Health officials in California are warning people to stay away from unusual looking bats.', 'Health officials in California are warning people to stay away from unusual-looking bats.', "This is a copy of the notice handed out this afternoon by Alameda County health officials . It says the -- infected with rabies was founded the neighborhood and -- other rabid animals might still be nearby it's a message residents are not taking lightly. No doubt -- see you probably want to go and investigate and play -- chased away. An animal had to stay away and that's exactly what experts want you to do. Rabies is fatal almost always Alameda County health officials issued the warning after learning a team volunteer at the Oakland zoo was bitten on Saturday. This is the Mexican free tailed ", 'Officials: Former Northern California news helicopter pilot used fake name to obtain license', 'California prison officials say close to 1,000 prisoners remain on a hunger strike.', "Calif. high court denies San Diego clerk's bid to immediately stop same-sex marriages", 'VIDEO: Police detained the actress following a disturbance in a driveway at a home in Thousand Oaks, Calif.', 'VIDEO: Police detained the actress following a disturbance in a driveway at a home in Thousand Oaks, Calif.', 'Police detained the actress following a disturbance in a driveway at a home in Thousand Oaks, Calif.', "then there are tiny little -- Iraq which has light at the crash site -- OK thank you. -- I'll let it's apparently yeah slightly. And I can't. ", 'Two cousins who were killed in an Arizona wildfire last month with 17 other members of an elite Hotshots firefighting crew were remembered in California on Saturday. A public memorial service was held for Grant McKee, 21, and Robert Caldwell, 23, at a church in Newport Beach. More than 300 people', 'Two cousins who were members of an elite Hotshots firefighting crew killed in an Arizona wildfire are being remembered in California. A public memorial service was held Saturday for 21-year-old Grant McKee and 23-year-old Robert Caldwell in Newport Beach. More than 300 people attended, including', 'Bicyclist pleads guilty to manslaughter in death of pedestrian in San Francisco crosswalk', 'Amanda Bynes held for mental evaluation after allegedly starting fire in California driveway', 'Humpback whales off the coast of California decided to feed a little too close to two divers.', "own business off the coast of California you know. Diving though with humpback whales which sounds kinda cool. And tell you learn that they're done with humpback whales . During feeding season. A lunge feed. How close. These whales got so. So there will be no sea rescue necessary Sam. But "]