['Napolitano prepares for debut before University of California board, confirmation vote', 'Southern California Edison seeks to hold Mitsubishi liable for nuclear plant closing', 'VIDEO: Calif. firefighters say this season is shaping up to be one of the deadliest in their history.', 'VIDEO: Calif. firefighters say this season is shaping up to be one of the deadliest in their history.', 'Firefighters in California say the fire season is shaping up to be one of the deadliest in history.', "the world I own is gone. Reporter: Firefighters across california say this fire season is shaping up to be one of the deadliest in their history. The favor behavior we're seeing right now is what we would typically be seeing in august and september. Reporter: Drought, sizzling temperatures and high winds are creating extreme conditions across the entire west. Those same conditions led to the inferno 2 1/2 weeks ago in arizona, which killed 19 hot shots . Investigators now say that fire was moving at a record speed of 15 miles per hour, 13 miles per hour faster than average. Firefighters here say this fire is 15% contained. You can see some of the fire trucks behind me. The terrain is so rough, they're having trouble getting close to the flames. And so, they're being fought mostly from ", 'Protest over Zimmerman acquittal leads to 17 arrests in small Southern Calif. city', 'Napolitano prepares for debut before University of California board, confirmation vote', 'Authorities have issued evacuation orders for more than 2,000 homes in the mountains southwest of Palm Springs, Calif., sending more than 6,000 residents and visitors fleeing an out-of-control wildfire that has already damaged 23 structures, including seven homes. The latest evacuation orders are', 'Forest Service: Hundreds of homes being evacuated near Palm Springs as Calif. fire approaches', 'Homeowners in sinking California subdivision file claim, blame county water lines for damage', 'VIDEO: Michael Boatwright woke up in a California emergency room only speaking Swedish.', 'VIDEO: Michael Boatwright woke up in a California emergency room only speaking Swedish.', 'Michael Boatwright woke up in a California emergency room only speaking Swedish.', 'foreign accent syndrome. It goes way, way, way beyond my voice. Reporter: Social workers are working to get him social security and veterans benefits. And are looking for other living options in the meantime. For "good morning america," rob nelson, abc news, new york. ', 'Catholic Church, private schools lobby against California childhood sex abuse bill', 'Nomination of first Muslim student to university board draws anger from some Jewish groups', 'R&B singer shoved after dedicating song to Trayvon Martin at Northern Calif. music festival', 'Calif. regulators recommend record $300M fine against PG&E for 2010 gas pipeline explosion', 'VIDEO: Florida resident Michael Boatwright woke up in a California hospital claiming his name was Johan Ek.', 'VIDEO: Florida resident Michael Boatwright woke up in a California hospital claiming his name was Johan Ek.']