['Catholic Church, private schools lobby against California childhood sex abuse bill', 'Nomination of first Muslim student to university board draws anger from some Jewish groups', 'R&B singer shoved after dedicating song to Trayvon Martin at Northern Calif. music festival', 'Calif. regulators recommend record $300M fine against PG&E for 2010 gas pipeline explosion', 'VIDEO: Florida resident Michael Boatwright woke up in a California hospital claiming his name was Johan Ek.', 'VIDEO: Florida resident Michael Boatwright woke up in a California hospital claiming his name was Johan Ek.', 'Florida resident Michael Boatwright woke up in a California hospital claiming his name was Johan Ek.', "is a California resident who works the past four years in China teaching English . As a son. But that's all news to him. -- right was found unconscious in a California motel in February and when he woke up he spoke only Swedish. And believes his name to be -- -- back. -- doctors diagnosed him with something called transient global amnesia they couldn't agree on a course of treatment though. Today the right appears healthy except ", 'Police say suspects were selective in the items they stole, making off with $100,000 in loot.', "they really could happen anywhere so. I'm not -- -- targeted here. Police officers responded to the store's alarm but -- too late they're -- the place for any evidence these brazen jewel thieves may have ", 'VIDEO: Huntington Beach, Calif., boasts great shops, restaurants and bike-riding along with its surf scene.', 'VIDEO: Huntington Beach, Calif., boasts great shops, restaurants and bike-riding along with its surf scene.', 'Huntington Beach, Calif., boasts great shops, restaurants and bike-riding along with its surf scene.', 'celebrating, you, all week. It\'s all about you and your favorite summer hot spots . After seeing -- the great state of texas yesterday, we gave you earlier in the show. We asked you -- remarkable snapshots. And you know the iconic pier. You know where we might be going. Boogie board , lifeguard ring. We\'re heading to a beach. So many submissions from beautiful beaching all over the country. This one, though, really stood out. Welcome to huntington beach , california . Reporter: Located along the southern california coastline, huntington beach is singular fun in the sun. There\'s surfing. People riding bikes. Running. Go down to main street, hang out with your friends. Tons of fun-loving people. Surf city. Huntington beach . Reporter: Ten miles of christine beaches. The longest stretch on the west coast. And those waves have gotten huntington beach the nickname -- welcome to surf city, usa. Huntington beach is the place to be. Reporter: And if surfing\'s not your thing, not to worry. Huntington beach offers something for everyone. You have to go to ruby\'s. Walk down the end of the pier and hit all of the shops. We love huntington beach . All of southern california\'s coastline, tied for first. It\'s a wonderful beach. And this one, not just for humans. And also a place for your four-legged best pals. It\'s the huntington dog beach. It\'s not unusual to see a dog and owner tandem surfing. Incredible. It\'s been on "play of the day" before. Probably twice. And I can attest, ruby\'s, if in huntington beach , it\'s the best. Have a burger and a chocolate milkshake. And to see more of our summer hot spots that all of you have recommended to us, go to goodmorningamerica.Com on yahoo! Right now, I wish we could all head to ', 'Florida man found in Southern California motel wakes up with amnesia, speaks only Swedish', 'Florida man found in Southern California motel wakes up with amnesia, speaks only Swedish', 'Judge: Calif. teen charged with murdering half-brother, 11, has history of violent outbursts', 'Iowa egg producers blamed for 2010 salmonella outbreak reach settlement with Calif. vendor', 'Iowa egg producers blamed for 2010 salmonella outbreak reach settlement with Calif. vendor', 'Iowa egg producers blamed for 2010 salmonella outbreak reach settlement with Calif. vendor', 'California Supreme Court refuses to grant emergency order halting same-sex marriages', 'Prison officials say inmates protesting against solitary confinement could face disciplinary action.', "mop of their eighth amendment there eighth amendment which is cruel. And unusual punishment earlier the prisoners. I'm here today to acquire my husband who has been housed in. The security housing unit for its when he does the federal government protects chimpanzees. Some -- -- and finance. Then -- violation of federal -- who's been taking my husband both protect dean. -- ", 'Inmate family members held a rally Saturday outside the gates of California State Prison at Corcoran.']