['2-year-old recovering after coyote bit and dragged her at Southern California cemetery', 'Bendable sensors and displays have made the tech rounds before, but a team of engineers at the University of California-Berkeley have found a way to combine the two. Ali Javey and his lab have successfully created e-skin, a pressure-sensitive circuit array that is thin, flexible,...', 'Mudslide threat prompts evacuation warning for about 20 homes after S. Calif. wildfire', 'Coast Guard officials are trying to determine why a sailboat captain refused to allow officers to inspect his vessel and took off, leading them on a low-speed 2.5 mile chase out of San Francisco Bay. The 43-foot boat was moored near Sausalito on Sunday afternoon when Coast Guard officers approached', "The head of Homeland Security will now oversee California's public university system.", 'VIDEO: Case brought by family of California woman whose car sped up, out of control.', 'VIDEO: Case brought by family of California woman whose car sped up, out of control.', 'First Toyota sudden acceleration case involving death of Calif woman set to begin in LA', 'Two cousins who were killed in an Arizona wildfire last month with 17 other members of an elite Hotshots firefighting crew were remembered in California on Saturday. A public memorial service was held for Grant McKee, 21, and Robert Caldwell, 23, at a church in Newport Beach. More than 300 people', 'Two cousins who were members of an elite Hotshots firefighting crew killed in an Arizona wildfire are being remembered in California. A public memorial service was held Saturday for 21-year-old Grant McKee and 23-year-old Robert Caldwell in Newport Beach. More than 300 people attended, including', 'A 10-year-old Santa Ana, Calif., boy is in protective custody after his mother allegedly shackled chains around his ankles as a way to keep him inside the house and out of trouble, police said. Irma Navarro, 37, was arrested and faces charges of child abuse after neighbors found her son lying on', 'California-based swimmers Anderson, Mellouli collect gold on opening day of worlds in Spain', 'Threatening thunderstorms are weekend wildcard for huge wildfire in S. California mountains', "San Francisco Bay Area school's AP test scores invalidated due to 'seating irregularities'", 'Earlier this month, 30,000 prisoners across 24 California facilities began a hunger strike to call attention to a number of conditions they say are inhumane.', "San Diego doctor faces legal restrictions in removing protected bird's nest from his property.", "San Diego area doctor is praying for some heat as a bird of prey continues to attacked him and his family. Last time out the big bird swooped in and tore at this man's scalp with its razor sharp talons. When not -- asked animal control for help. Shot him down explaining that -- are protected by the migratory bird treaty killing the bees could cost him 100000 dollars even jail time. Now with the help of local marketers and -- sympathetic ", 'Calif judge finalizing $1 billion settlement for lost car values in Toyota acceleration cases', 'Japanese company says it will fight negligence claim by operator of California nuclear plant']