['Calif. prosecutors allege boyfriend beat record shoe collector to death with baseball bat', 'Husband, wife born same day in 1918, married 75 years, die a day apart in Southern California', 'A plague-infected squirrel has closed a California campground for at least a week, according to Los Angeles County health officials. The squirrel, trapped July 16 in the Table Mountain Campgrounds of Angeles National Forest, tested positive for the infection Tuesday, prompting a health advisory ...', "stand in line. Don't basically is -- described it almost like a drug addiction two days ago task. Okay now to better story how America can now have plane into the Guinness book of world records. I'll record that the oldest man a lot of -- -- -- 112 years old self taught musician originally ", 'Discovery of plague-infected squirrel closes 3 Angeles National Forest campgrounds in Calif.', 'Hacker who made ATM machines spit out cash dies in San Francisco; cause under investigation', 'The sheer number of people in the United States who speak limited English - more than 25 million in 2011 - is up by more than 80 percent since 1990, according to a study out this month from the Migration Policy Institute . That might sound like a huge increase, but when you look at it in context,', "Calif. judge puts off ruling on whether to place Amanda Bynes under parents' conservatorship", 'US prison population down to 1.57 million in 2012 with California leading the way', 'Calif. judge to hear case against husband of slain Iraqi-American; note fueled hate crime fear', "VIDEO: Chris Bucchere, 37, struck and killed a pedestrian in California; won't serve time in prison.", "VIDEO: Chris Bucchere, 37, struck and killed a pedestrian in California; won't serve time in prison.", "Chris Bucchere, 37, struck and killed a pedestrian in California; won't serve time in prison.", 'I believe. The justice -- conserve. Mr. McCurry has -- -- accountable. District attorney George Scott Cohn said it was the right outcome -- and -- had agreed to plead guilty to felony vehicular manslaughter . Suu Kyi way and his wife -- in the crosswalk at Castro and market last year when the bicycle is struck and killed the 71 year old man. Police said security video taken from the twin peaks tavern showed -- -- going at a good clip hitting -- straight on. -- -- was subsequently charged with felony vehicular manslaughter . -- -- announced today that he pleaded guilty in exchange for a thousand hours of community service in three years probation. The DA explained it would have been a tough case if it went to trial while we have. ', 'The two South American nations filed complaints against Patagonia Inc., a California-based clothing company.', "VIDOE: Flames engulf the vehicle seconds after California sheriffs' deputies drag the man to safety.", "VIDOE: Flames engulf the vehicle seconds after California sheriffs' deputies drag the man to safety."]