["Variety's Justin Chang dishes on the winners and losers of the Screen Actors Guild Awards.", 'without her consent should marry call was among the hundreds made public in the years after the attacks bush  Sony Pictures entertainment  said they contacted several relatives of the victims before using the recordings.', 'among the hundreds made public in the years after the attacks bush Sony Pictures entertainment said they contacted several relatives of the victims before using the recordings. ', 'Rashida Jones and Andy Samberg play a couple divorcing in  Sony Pictures  comedy.', "requesting documents and information. Related to the CIA's cooperation with the makers of zero dark thirty. And telling  Sony Pictures  the film was grossly inaccurate and misleading. It is based on actual events and is based on firsthand accounts and I took ", "the CIA's cooperation with the makers of zero dark thirty. And telling Sony Pictures the film was grossly inaccurate and misleading. It is based on actual events and is based on firsthand accounts and I took ", 'have become a part of it the more it is on people\'s minds as they get ready to vote. Reporter: On friday, the studio  sony pictures  jumped to the film\'s defense releasing this statement ""zero dark thirty" does not advocate torture. To not include ', 'minds as they get ready to vote. Reporter: On friday, the studio sony pictures jumped to the film\'s defense releasing this statement ""zero dark thirty" does not advocate torture. To not include that part of history ', "She's 27 years old. hollywood at the moment. She certainly is. Other names on the list, amy pascal, co-chair of  sony pictures . Dana walden. And nancy dubuque, president of entertainment and media at a&e. Are any surprises on this list? Anybody ", "She certainly is. Other names on the list, amy pascal, co-chair of sony pictures . Dana walden. And nancy dubuque, president of entertainment and media at a&e. Are any surprises on this list? Anybody you didn't expect ", "it's also the name of the incredibly popular. TV show this now and it's in his last season here and here so much and see  Sony Pictures  from seaside heights the town that was. Also nearly wiped off the map there it is obviously on the show you know featured ", "it's in his last season here and here so much and see Sony Pictures from seaside heights the town that was. Also nearly wiped off the map there it is obviously on the show you know ", "focus of course on his battle with Parkinson's disease. But it turns out that he probably won't be back in business at  Sony Pictures  television on a comedy that would debut next year. And he told ABC inmate at the medications helped temper the Texas parkinson's ", "it turns out that he probably won't be back in business at Sony Pictures television on a comedy that would debut next year. And he told ABC inmate at the medications helped temper the Texas parkinson's. ", "And the congress. Calling for investigation. There's been reported more.  Sony Pictures  movie makers doing you feel great movie. That having given that top level access the most verified classified mission history ", "-- -- And the congress. Calling for investigation. There's been reported more. Sony Pictures movie makers doing you feel great movie. That having given that top level access the most verified classified mission history from an ", 'mail also reports that jobs spent the past year overseeing the development of the new. I cloud service and some reports say  Sony Pictures  the film rights to jobs upcoming biography. Shove off post has unveiled a new line of portable TVs each of the LC STVs in ', 'the development of the new. I cloud service and some reports say Sony Pictures -- the film rights to jobs -- upcoming biography. Shove off post has unveiled a new line of portable TVs each of ', 'lot of sugary soda drinks rights and they says it was the kid and parent the right choice is choice. Now last year CEO of  Sony Pictures  Michael appealed to theater on offense and can you please offer healthier options now. What are you thinking that this was ', 'and parent the right choice is choice. Now last year CEO of Sony Pictures Michael -- appealed to theater on offense and can you please offer healthier options now. What are you thinking that this was ', "In today's tech and other major data breach of Sony. This time it's a  Sony Pictures  website. The same group that hacked the PBS website last week and stole passwords email addresses and dates of birth of more than ", "-- and other major data breach of Sony. This time it's a Sony Pictures website. The same group that hacked the PBS website last week and stole passwords email addresses and dates of birth of more ", "really fascinating insights appreciate it. And in today's tech another major data breach at Sony this time it's the  Sony Pictures  website. This same group that hacked at PBS website last week and stole passwords email actresses and dates of birth of ", "tech -- another major data breach at Sony this time it's the Sony Pictures website. This same group that hacked at PBS website last week and stole passwords email actresses and dates of birth of more ", "Concerned about a 125. Million dollars from his own recordings. They burned they earned a sixty million dollar advance from.  Sony Pictures  for that this is it documentary. Favored for merchandise. They've they've earned from all publishing his my Jack catalog ", "own recordings. They burned they earned a sixty million dollar advance from. Sony Pictures for that this is it documentary. Favored for merchandise. They've they've earned from all publishing his -- my Jack catalog so they've ", 'seems like an American birthright at the movies so could you ever imagine munching on show instead. the powerful chairman of  Sony Pictures  has his way you may soon have the choice. This week Michael Litton told theater owners that by bringing healthier snacks ', 'imagine munching on -- show instead. -- -- the powerful chairman of Sony Pictures has his way you may soon have the choice. This week Michael Litton told theater owners that by bringing healthier snacks in ', 'seems like an American birthright at the movies so could you ever imagine munching on instead. the powerful chairman of  Sony Pictures  has his way you may soon have the choice. This week Michael Litton told theater owners that by bringing healthier snacks ', 'ever imagine munching on -- instead. -- -- the powerful chairman of Sony Pictures has his way you may soon have the choice. This week Michael Litton told theater owners that by bringing healthier snacks in ', 'like an American birthright at the movies did you ever imagine munching on fruits show instead. the powerful chairman of  Sony Pictures  has his way you may soon have the choice. This week Michael Litton told theater owners that by bringing healthier snacks ', 'imagine munching on fruits show instead. -- -- the powerful chairman of Sony Pictures has his way you may soon have the choice. This week Michael Litton told theater owners that by bringing healthier snacks in ', 'Do this we. And need to be able leads up cold water and indigo in America act. See you naturally. Among them some easy  Sony Pictures . demon news. See you loans. Food and saved us. Fullness. Patsy. Who. Okay. You it only fonts and. Listen to this ', 'and indigo in America act. See you naturally. Among them some easy Sony Pictures . -- demon news. See you loans. Food and saved us. Fullness. Patsy. Who. Okay. You -- it only fonts and. Listen ']