['of Hollywood because he\'s "a terrible dish washer and a terrible lover and a terrible pet owner." That\'s why when  Sony Pictures  Television and NBC were willing to bring him back as showrunner of "Community\'\'\'s fifth season, it was a no brainer ', 'recession. Juzcar is a traditional village in the mountains of Andalusia, whose homes were originally all white. But in 2011,  Sony Pictures  picked this town of 250 people as the site for a Smurfs 3D movie premiere, and it asked the town to remake itself in blue ', '8212; Universal and Focus are owned by NBC Universal, a unit of Comcast Corp.; Sony, Columbia,  Sony Screen Gems  and  Sony Pictures Classics  are units of Sony Corp.; Paramount is owned by Viacom Inc.; Disney, Pixar and Marvel are owned ', 'lifted a line from a William Faulkner book. Faulkner Literary Rights LLC filed the copyright lawsuit against  Sony Pictures Classics  Inc. in October in U.S. District Court in Oxford, Miss. The lawsuit says a movie character took a line from ', "modern-familys-danny-zuker-how-586267?AP NO MEN ALLOWED: HOW  SONY PICTURES CLASSICS  IS WOOING WOMEN TO 'AUSTENLAND' Female-only hollywoodreporter.com/news/austenland-how- sony - pictures - classics -586093?AP 'COMMUNITY'S' DAN HARMON REVEALS ", '8212; Universal and Focus are owned by NBC Universal, a unit of Comcast Corp.; Sony, Columbia,  Sony Screen Gems  and  Sony Pictures Classics  are units of Sony Corp.; Paramount is owned by Viacom Inc.; Disney, Pixar and Marvel are owned ', "Then and Now: How Ethan Hawke, Julie Delpy Have Changed from 'Before Sunrise' to 'Before Midnight'", '2013) (Courtesy  Sony Pictures Entertainment ) Imagine growing older 1995). (Courtesy  Sony Pictures Entertainment ) Ethan Hawke and Julie 2004). (Courtesy  Sony Pictures Entertainment ) Both are now in their ', 'director Greg Nava and "Daughters of the Dust" director Julie Dash, are expected to speak. The president of  Sony Pictures Classics  and the head of the Telluride Film Festival will also pay tribute. PHOTOS: Roger Ebert Through the Years The ', 'and Alexia Garland Former welterweight champion Victor Ortiz was most recently linked with Alexia Garland, a publicist for  Sony Pictures . But he\'s also fended off rumors that he was involved with "Basketball Wives L.A." star Draya Michele and Kobe Bryant\'s ', 'attended the Oscars Sunday, the 9-year-old "Beasts of the Southern Wild" star had reason to celebrate when  Sony Pictures Entertainment  announced that Quvenzhane has been cast in the title role of a new film adaptation of "Annie." "Quvenzhane ', 'director Kathryn Bigelow about the effort to find and later kill Osama bin Laden. The trio also sent a letter to  Sony Pictures Entertainment  - the studio that released the film - claiming that "Zero Dark Thirty" was "grossly inaccurate" in suggesting ', 'Thirty," to which Amy Pascal, the co-chair of  Sony Pictures Entertainment , which released "Zero Dark Thirty," sharply to the location of bin Laden. Lawmakers asked  Sony Pictures  to attach a disclaimer saying the film is fictional ', "problem first to we're just fine but. Rui I think it takes it to the next level movie which was acquired by  Sony Pictures Classics  is really going to please its audience and really quite delight them to. to pressure to deliver on that one obviously ", 'takes it to the next level -- movie which was acquired by Sony Pictures Classics is really going to please its audience and really quite delight them to. -- to pressure to deliver on that one obviously ', 'without her consent should marry call was among the hundreds made public in the years after the attacks bush  Sony Pictures entertainment  said they contacted several relatives of the victims before using the recordings.', 'among the hundreds made public in the years after the attacks bush Sony Pictures entertainment said they contacted several relatives of the victims before using the recordings. ', 'Rashida Jones and Andy Samberg play a couple divorcing in  Sony Pictures  comedy.', "requesting documents and information. Related to the CIA's cooperation with the makers of zero dark thirty. And telling  Sony Pictures  the film was grossly inaccurate and misleading. It is based on actual events and is based on firsthand accounts and I took ", "the CIA's cooperation with the makers of zero dark thirty. And telling Sony Pictures the film was grossly inaccurate and misleading. It is based on actual events and is based on firsthand accounts and I took ", 'have become a part of it the more it is on people\'s minds as they get ready to vote. Reporter: On friday, the studio  sony pictures  jumped to the film\'s defense releasing this statement ""zero dark thirty" does not advocate torture. To not include ', 'minds as they get ready to vote. Reporter: On friday, the studio sony pictures jumped to the film\'s defense releasing this statement ""zero dark thirty" does not advocate torture. To not include that part of history ', "She's 27 years old. hollywood at the moment. She certainly is. Other names on the list, amy pascal, co-chair of  sony pictures . Dana walden. And nancy dubuque, president of entertainment and media at a&e. Are any surprises on this list? Anybody ", "She certainly is. Other names on the list, amy pascal, co-chair of sony pictures . Dana walden. And nancy dubuque, president of entertainment and media at a&e. Are any surprises on this list? Anybody you didn't expect ", "it's also the name of the incredibly popular. TV show this now and it's in his last season here and here so much and see  Sony Pictures  from seaside heights the town that was. Also nearly wiped off the map there it is obviously on the show you know featured ", "it's in his last season here and here so much and see Sony Pictures from seaside heights the town that was. Also nearly wiped off the map there it is obviously on the show you know "]