['Orlando, Fla., this summer. Universal Orlando theme park has unveiled plans for a new area to be built around  Universal Studios \' existing attraction, "The Simpsons Ride." The new area is set to open sometime this summer, the theme park ', 'guests to polar bears and Pacific walruses. This is one of a few VIP experiences offered at SeaWorld San Diego.  Universal Studios  VIP Experience Offering a combination of line-jumping privileges, visits to completely staged landmarks (Courthouse ', 'to appear over the next few months at airports in New York, Miami and Seattle and commercial businesses such as  Universal Studios  in Orlando and Jack in the Box restaurants. While it remains to be seen how well the hand dryers do in real-life ', 'Detective Yuri Melich at her family\'s home. Hours later, she repeated two of the lies to Melich at an interview at  Universal Studios , where she falsely claimed she worked. "Appellant gave false information to Detective Melich during two separate ', 'He\'s also seen how desperate people can get to party with stars. "I just booted a person who claimed to be from  Universal Studios  UK," he said. "This guy was RSVP-ing to parties saying he was with David Spade and some other celebrity. So ', 'reprise his role in the sequels, "Back to the Future II" and "Back to the Future III," and filed suit against  Universal Studios  for using his unauthorized likeness after another actor wore prosthetics in order to resemble him. The case was ', 'lawyers are kind of shielding them," she said. There are other similarities. Anthony claimed falsely to work at  Universal Studios  while Arias told friends falsely that she worked at a Margaritaville bar. Anthony said her daughter was taken by ', 'Happy Halloween! From La Llorona to Paranormal Activity, Latinos Love A Good Scare', 'movie yet, but over the past few weeks, La Llorona has gotten some major play in other areas of pop culture. At  Universal Studios \' Halloween Horror Nights, she\'s getting her very own maze, a section called "La Llorona: Hunter of Children ', '( Universal Studios ) First Kristen Stewart reportedly lost her boyfriend of three years, Robert Pattinson, after cheating on him with her "Snow ', '(Mary Cybulski/ Universal Studios ) When it comes to "The Bourne Legacy," the natural first question is, "Will we miss Matt Damon?" Upon hearing Jeremy Renner ', 'she has lived the last 18+ years with the knowledge that she will probably outlive her child." MacFarlane and  Universal Studios  did not immediately respond to ABC News\' request for comment. "Ted" scored $54 million at the box office last ', "universal's new vision plan hopes to transform 124 acres of  Universal Studios . Into a residential neighborhood called universal the horizon mark has lived less than a mile from  Universal Studios . Thirteen years traffic implications would be the ", "NBC universal's new vision plan hopes to transform -- 124 acres of Universal Studios . Into a residential neighborhood called universal village nearly 3000 homes a town -- shops restaurants and urban utopia. Altogether the existing and ", 'on the horizon mark -- has lived less than a mile from Universal Studios . Thirteen years -- traffic implications would be the most important thing for me. And it would. Be very difficult because -- -- ', 'We have new video of that massive fire at  Universal Studios  in Los Angeles on Sunday. Flames swept through the back lot destroyed several sets and thousands of duplicate videos. Low water ', 'We have new video of that massive fire at Universal Studios in Los Angeles on Sunday. Flames swept through the back lot destroyed several sets and thousands of duplicate videos. Low water pressure ', 'back lot at the famous  Universal Studios  looked like a scene from a disaster movie flames leaping from essentially. Two city blocks on fire. At the same time.  Universal Studios  is both a working movie lot. And theme park in the middle ', '-- back lot at the famous Universal Studios looked like a scene from a disaster movie flames leaping from building smoke billowing into the sky. It was not a movie ', 'We had essentially. Two city blocks on fire. At the same time. Universal Studios is both a working movie lot. And -- theme park in the middle of -- well populated area where residents were awakened ', "If there is a follow up to Snow White and the Huntsman it will not involved Kristen Stewart  Universal Studios  has decided that shouldn't go ahead with the second movie. It will focus on the Huntsman Chris where who started Snow White ", "to Snow White and the Huntsman it will not involved Kristen Stewart Universal Studios has decided that shouldn't go ahead with the second movie. It will focus on the Huntsman -- -- Chris -- where -- ", 'Orlando this has done wonderful business for of course  Universal Studios . And according to reports Harry Potter is going to be making his debut at  Universal Studios  Hollywood I think there will be a very popular rioting ', "Harry Potter in Orlando this has done wonderful business for of course Universal Studios . And according to reports Harry Potter is going to be making his debut at Universal Studios Hollywood -- I think there will be a very popular rioting can't get in line now actually organic thank you so much "]