['We have new video of that massive fire at  Universal Studios  in Los Angeles on Sunday. Flames swept through the back lot destroyed several sets and thousands of duplicate videos. Low water ', 'We have new video of that massive fire at Universal Studios in Los Angeles on Sunday. Flames swept through the back lot destroyed several sets and thousands of duplicate videos. Low water pressure ', 'back lot at the famous  Universal Studios  looked like a scene from a disaster movie flames leaping from essentially. Two city blocks on fire. At the same time.  Universal Studios  is both a working movie lot. And theme park in the middle ', '-- back lot at the famous Universal Studios looked like a scene from a disaster movie flames leaping from building smoke billowing into the sky. It was not a movie ', 'We had essentially. Two city blocks on fire. At the same time. Universal Studios is both a working movie lot. And -- theme park in the middle of -- well populated area where residents were awakened ', "If there is a follow up to Snow White and the Huntsman it will not involved Kristen Stewart  Universal Studios  has decided that shouldn't go ahead with the second movie. It will focus on the Huntsman Chris where who started Snow White ", "to Snow White and the Huntsman it will not involved Kristen Stewart Universal Studios has decided that shouldn't go ahead with the second movie. It will focus on the Huntsman -- -- Chris -- where -- ", 'Orlando this has done wonderful business for of course  Universal Studios . And according to reports Harry Potter is going to be making his debut at  Universal Studios  Hollywood I think there will be a very popular rioting ', "Harry Potter in Orlando this has done wonderful business for of course Universal Studios . And according to reports Harry Potter is going to be making his debut at Universal Studios Hollywood -- I think there will be a very popular rioting can't get in line now actually organic thank you so much ", 'so impossible. Alongside the movie clips web site  Universal Studios  now has tips for what children can do to help save fourth grade class and by the way the Hollywood giant  Universal Studios  has invited them and other fourth graders at the ', "galore -- Not so impossible. Alongside the movie clips -- web site Universal Studios now has tips for what children can do to help save the planet. We're not just -- he can be very powerful. ", 'mr. wells fourth grade class and by the way the Hollywood giant Universal Studios has invited them and other fourth graders at the school. To a screaming. Of the lower acts. ', "who recognize that. Do what you recognize that they. It's in. Aerial image or satellite image. Be a part of  Universal Studios  to include the back gate or the employee entrance we went through the gate for the security guard gate which is this ", "they. It's in. Aerial image or satellite image. Be a part of Universal Studios to include the back gate or the employee entrance we went through the gate for the security guard gate which is this ", "available Orlando's where you take kids it probably got a nice bump from all the press for the Harry Potter near  Universal Studios  theme and last year. And number two on the list is Las Vegas. Well Las Vegas is a great destinations it to go to ", 'a nice bump from all the press for the Harry Potter near Universal Studios theme -- and -- last year. And number two on the list is Las Vegas. Well Las Vegas is a great destinations ', "makes a movie when it knows there's a buyer willing to pay for. So I. The asylum is film studio. How much like  Universal Studios  or Disney go without the attractions for about the mascots. Movies are not released in theaters so how does asylum ", 'for. So I. The asylum is -- film studio. How much like Universal Studios or Disney go without the attractions for about the -- mascots. Movies are not released in theaters so how does asylum sell ', 'unemployment checks last year. Which she got out Florida officials say she blew that taxpayer cash on a trip to Orlando and  Universal Studios . And that may be the tip of the iceberg over the past year more than one out of every ten dollars the federal government ', 'say she blew that taxpayer cash on a trip to Orlando and Universal Studios . And that may be the tip of the iceberg over the past year more than one out of every ten dollars the ', "disappearance of little Caylee. Leading investigators on a wild goose chase for the truth she lied about working  Universal Studios  that she'd left child with a baby sitter. She told to fellow employees who didn't exist that Caylee was missing ", "on a wild goose chase for the truth she lied about working Universal Studios that she'd left child with a baby sitter. She told to fellow employees who didn't exist that Caylee was missing and that ", 'Jack from a deadly for Monday and chairman of the motion picture association of He worried that someone might target  Universal Studios  as a symbol of western decadence He now. What worries me is six. Backpack bombs in six and complexes around the ', 'of the motion picture association of He worried that someone might target Universal Studios as a symbol of western decadence He -- now. What worries me is six. Backpack bombs in six and complexes around the ', "Monday's late for Monday and chairman of the motion picture association of He worried that someone might target  Universal Studios  as a symbol of western decadence He says What worries me is six backpack bombs in six and complexes around the country ", "discovered his criminal background. After he was fired. He fell into acting. I got a call from. Some friends and  Universal Studios  think part and they went and we with stage you know I'm like oh cool and elect well Alvin and the Only give them ", "He fell into acting. I got a call from. Some friends and Universal Studios think part and they went and we -- with stage you know I'm like oh cool and elect well Alvin and the ", 'surprising but. Most of them agree with me. Yeah I noticed as and that the episode the other night where you your  Universal Studios  and you put you put you got initial reactions to and women you put them up on the big Jumbotron I guess universal ', 'as -- and that the episode the other night where you your Universal Studios -- and you put you put you got -- initial reactions to and women you put them up on the big Jumbotron ', "The employee parking a  Universal Studios  are lined by Jane fences and Bush's. Late Saturday night universal worker got the surprise of his life out here for somebody ", "The employee parking -- a Universal Studios are lined by Jane -- fences and Bush's. Late Saturday night -- universal worker got the surprise of his life out here ", "81 miles before police opened fire on him the middle of traffic. Taking him into custody in front of all places  Universal Studios  the suspect what was wanted on attempted murder charges in Indiana and he's now recovering in hospital.", "middle of traffic. Taking him into custody in front of all places Universal Studios the suspect what was wanted on attempted murder charges in Indiana and he's now recovering in -- hospital. ", "seemed perplexed by the series of lies investigators say Anthony told them. Including a story that she worked at  Universal Studios  and that she dropped off her daughter at a friend's house. Electric zero trial. What person He does not exist ", "investigators say Anthony told them. Including a story that she worked at Universal Studios and that she dropped off her daughter at a friend's house. Electric zero trial. -- -- What -- person He does not "]