['Time Warner  Cable announced Thursday that its chairman and CEO Glenn but take a non-executive role. Marcus, 48, joined  Time Warner  Inc. in 1998 and moved to  Time Warner  Cable in 2005. He was named chief financial officer in 2008 ', 'Holdings LLC; 20th Century Fox and Fox Searchlight are owned by News Corp.; Warner Bros. and New Line are units of  Time Warner  Inc.; MGM is owned by a group of former creditors including Highland Capital, Anchorage Advisors and Carl Icahn ', "Time Warner  has named one of its former executives as the new CEO of its Information Services. He spent almost 20 years with Time and  Time Warner , including serving as  Time Warner 's chief financial officer. Ripp will succeed Time CEO Laura ", 'same period last year. CBS and  Time Warner  Cable are in a public spat over could go dark for around 3 million  Time Warner  Cable customers in New York, Los The dispute is over how much  Time Warner  Cable pays for retransmitting signals ', 'CBS and  Time Warner  Cable are in a public spat over fees stations could go dark for around 3 million  Time Warner  Cable customers in New York, Los Angeles Wednesday. The dispute is over how much  Time Warner  Cable pays for retransmitting signals ', 'Street Journal. Apple has discussed a rival plan that would be in partnership with cable providers such as Comcast or  Time Warner . Netflix and Amazon already offer online TV, but the Google proposal would be more disruptive, adding live broadcast ', 'among all NFL teams, such as broadcast deals and road receipts. Murphy said a new league uniform deal with Nike, and  Time Warner  and Cablevision adding the NFL Network, helped bolster those figures. The Packers spent $136 million on player costs ', 'Holdings LLC; 20th Century Fox and Fox Searchlight are owned by News Corp.; Warner Bros. and New Line are units of  Time Warner  Inc.; MGM is owned by a group of former creditors including Highland Capital, Anchorage Advisors and Carl Icahn ', '6 million users left in 2008, and 11.5 million left a year later ). Yahoo! closed GeoCities in 2009. AOL buys  Time Warner  Cable This seemed like a good idea at the time; two big media companies merging at the start of the new millennium ', "lovers, like dog parks and dog beaches, there were a few surprises. Did you know Fido is welcome at New York City's  Time Warner  Center? On a haunted history tour of New Orleans? At the Flinstones Theme Park in South Dakota? The publisher also ", "garner support for this show because Bill Hanna, apparently, didn't want in. After Hanna-Barbera was bought out by  Time Warner , distribution of the show dissipated. And that's a shame, because this show was ahead of its time in combining ", 'other "pop news." It\'s about time hollywood has rediscovered one of the great children\'s book series of all- time .  Warner  brothers is in final negotiations to pick up the movie rights of the 28 "encyclopedia brown" books. I devoured these ', 'time hollywood has rediscovered one of the great children\'s book series of all- time . Warner brothers is in final negotiations to pick up the movie rights of the 28 "encyclopedia brown" books. I devoured these books. They ', "I wanted to do was set up a new account 36 hours later I've lost the will to live up. Well immediately after that  Time Warner  Cable all finally responded but it was too little too late. By the way Stewart's rant has been more than 11100 ", "later I've lost the will to live up. Well immediately after that Time Warner Cable all finally responded but it was too little too late. By the way Stewart's rant has been -- -- more than ", "continued love and attention. Are empty spaces where there used to be living rooms and bedrooms in classrooms. And  Time Warner  and Refill those spaces would love and laughter and community. We don't yet know the full extent of the damage from ", "where there used to be living rooms and bedrooms in classrooms. And Time Warner and -- Refill those spaces would love and laughter and community. We don't yet know the full extent of the damage from ", "battle off the field tonight between  Time Warner  Cable and fox the two are an eleventh midnight right surreal. unfortunately  Time Warner  Cable isn't joking. Joke indeed game tomorrow. Unless fox and  Time Warner  make a deal Florida fans could ", "and it's all because of the battle off the field tonight between Time Warner Cable and fox the two are an eleventh hour talks right now. But will their feud lead viewers in the dark. Here's David -- -- -- thirteen million homes fox TV could disappear at midnight right surreal. -- unfortunately Time Warner Cable isn't joking. Joke indeed know since since no -- but even more distressing no football bowl game tomorrow. Unless fox and Time Warner make a deal Florida fans could miss their team in the Sugar Bowl. How could they not let that gave the -- ", "battle off the field tonight between  Time Warner  Cable and fox the two are an eleventh midnight right surreal. unfortunately  Time Warner  Cable isn't joking. Joke indeed game tomorrow. Unless fox and  Time Warner  make a deal Florida fans could ", "and it's all because of the battle off the field tonight between Time Warner Cable and fox the two are an eleventh hour talks right now. But will their feud lead viewers in the dark. Here's David -- -- fourth thirteen million homes fox TV could disappear at midnight right surreal. -- unfortunately Time Warner Cable isn't joking. Joke indeed know since since no -- but even more distressing no football bowl game tomorrow. Unless fox and Time Warner make a deal Florida fans could miss their team in the Sugar Bowl. How could they not let that gave the unseemly ", "and talking that's for sure that's for certain.  Time Warner  also is growing in size insight communications. In its its big states in three states. So this is a way that  Time Warner  Cable can expand its base try to get rid of some workers ", "cash we'll death delegates and talking that's for sure that's for certain. Time Warner also is growing in size insight communications. In its path. Right is -- is the ninth biggest -- cable company Ohio is one of its big states in three states. So this is a way that Time Warner Cable can expand its base try to get rid of some workers because they get rid of overlapping sales force. And try ", "teens don't burn all I need you kind of he's fat in this isn't he so seriously you guys broke and the houses of  Time Warner  yeah. is he knows he could always replaced. Off. It's. It's a very important lessons I think you know covering ", "he -- -- so seriously you guys broke and the houses of Time Warner yeah. -- -- is he knows he could always replaced. Off. It's. It's a very important lessons -- I think you know "]