['Bollinger champagne," said Kirk Senior, the CEO of  Village Roadshow  Gold Class Cinemas. Or you can check out the rest five years. According to the company\'s Web site,  Village Roadshow  operates approximately 660 cinemas in four countries ', 'singer Aaliyah, who proved her acting chops in Romeo Must Die, has joined the sci-fi franchise for Warners/ Village Roadshow  Pictures and producer Joel Silver. The plot of the highly anticipated sequels is closely guarded, but Variety reports ', 'singer Aaliyah, who proved her acting chops in Romeo Must Die, has joined the sci-fi franchise for Warners/ Village Roadshow  Pictures and producer Joel Silver. The plot of the highly anticipated sequels is closely guarded, but Variety reports ', 'singer Aaliyah, who proved her acting chops in Romeo Must Die, has joined the sci-fi franchise for Warners/ Village Roadshow  Pictures and producer Joel Silver. The plot of the highly anticipated sequels is closely guarded, but Variety reports ', 'singer Aaliyah, who proved her acting chops in Romeo Must Die, has joined the sci-fi franchise for Warners/ Village Roadshow  Pictures and producer Joel Silver. The plot of the highly anticipated sequels is closely guarded, but Variety reports ', 'singer Aaliyah, who proved her acting chops in Romeo Must Die, has joined the sci-fi franchise for Warners/ Village Roadshow  Pictures and producer Joel Silver. The plot of the highly anticipated sequels is closely guarded, but Variety reports ', 'singer Aaliyah, who proved her acting chops in Romeo Must Die, has joined the sci-fi franchise for Warners/ Village Roadshow  Pictures and producer Joel Silver. The plot of the highly anticipated sequels is closely guarded, but Variety reports ', 'singer Aaliyah, who proved her acting chops in Romeo Must Die, has joined the sci-fi franchise for Warners/ Village Roadshow  Pictures and producer Joel Silver. The plot of the highly anticipated sequels is closely guarded, but Variety reports ', 'singer Aaliyah, who proved her acting chops in Romeo Must Die, has joined the sci-fi franchise for Warners/ Village Roadshow  Pictures and producer Joel Silver. The plot of the highly anticipated sequels is closely guarded, but Variety reports ', 'singer Aaliyah, who proved her acting chops in Romeo Must Die, has joined the sci-fi franchise for Warners/ Village Roadshow  Pictures and producer Joel Silver. The plot of the highly anticipated sequels is closely guarded, but Variety reports ', 'silver-screen debut in the forthcoming Denzel Washington thriller Training Day, reports Variety. Warner Bros. and  Village Roadshow  Pictures are wooing the trouble-prone rapper to play the villain in the flick, about a veteran Los Angeles Police ', 'silver-screen debut in the forthcoming Denzel Washington thriller Training Day, reports Variety. Warner Bros. and  Village Roadshow  Pictures are wooing the trouble-prone rapper to play the villain in the flick, about a veteran Los Angeles Police ']