['UNLV head football coach Bobby Hauck is year contract extension.The Nevada System of Higher Education Board of Regents voted Thursday to approve a deal to sign Hauck through the 2014 season."We are thrilled to have Bobby Hauck leading this program and the extension just further stabilizes UNLV football as it moves forward," UNLV athletic director Jim Livengood said in a statement.Hauck is in his second year as head coach after taking over for the fired Mike Sanford in December 2009. The Rebels went 2-11 last season and lost their season opener to Wisconsin, 51-17, last Thursday.The NHSE board also voted to approve an 18-month extension for men\'s soccer coach Rich Ryerson....', 'A promising University of Montana cornerback was being held on $1 million bail Friday, charged with the shooting death of a man during a domestic dispute earlier thi...', 'D.J. Harper rushed for 59 yards and two touchdowns and Jay Ajayi added a rushing score to lead No. 24 Boise State to a 32-7 win over UNLV on Saturday.Joe Southwick w...', 'Tied with three other teams for the second- ranked Boise State Broncos come off a bye week in order to clash with the UNLV Rebels in Mountain West Conference action ...', 'Last season, six teams posted 4-4 records in the Missouri Valley Conference .Whether you want to say those four teams tied for third - behind Northern Iowa and Weste...', 'Just how does North Dakota State do it anyway?Some FBS schools wish they knew because then they could stop losing to the FCS team.Amazingly, NDSU has a 5-3 record ve...', 'The 18th-ranked TCU Horned Frogs try to wrap up their third straight Mountain West Conference title this weekend as they host the slumping UNLV Rebels in league play...', 'Vai Taua rushed for three touchdowns and caught a fourth as No. 25 Nevada rolled past intrastate rival UNLV 44-26 on Saturday night to win the Battle for the Fremont...', "Terrance Cain played like he had never lost his starting job and No. 20 Utah capitalized on punting that was worse than the Utes' own.Cain passed for two touchdowns ...", 'With the first coach firing done, who are the others that could be bracing for bad news', 'The first firing of the college football season came Sunday. Idaho let go of Robb Akey in a move that was not unexpected.With a little more than a month to go, there...', "Russell Wilson's debut at Wisconsin was a 17, in the season opener for both teams.The powerhouse backfield of James White and Montee Ball had a big hand in Wisconsin...", 'The UNLV Rebels have the unenviable task of ranked Wisconsin Badgers .Bobby Hauck posted a staggering 80-17 record as the head coach of Montana, so when he decided t...', "Alabama earned its way into the BCS title game this year. AJ McCarron's go-ahead 45-yard touchdown pass to Amari Cooper with 3:15 remaining lifted No. 2 Alabama to a...", '2011 SEASON IN REVIEW: Now entering his third season with the UNLV Rebels, head coach Bobby Hauck probably thought he was stepping up to the big time in college foot...', "UNLV coach Bobby Hauck says five players have been suspended and will miss Saturday's matchup with No. 5 Boise State .Hauck says the suspensions are for violations o...", 'The UNLV Rebels go up against another top-flight program from the Mountain West Conference this weekend as the team tangles with the 24th-ranked Boise State Broncos ...', "New UNLV coach Bobby Hauck laughed before answering the question of just exactly how a team might stop No. 12 Wisconsin's power running attack featuring junior stand...", 'The red carpet in Camelot has been replaced by a long trail of egg shells.Nobody in the University of Montana football program will walk with a sense of easiness for...', 'They will be playing football again at the University of Montana when the Grizzlies wrap up spring practices with their annual intrasquad game Saturday evening.Ah, y...', "Despite UNLV's recent woes, No. 24 Boise State vows to not get caught overlooking Rebels", "For No. 24 Boise State, the path to Saturday's matchup with UNLV is littered with warning signs.The Rebels are 1-6 and reeling after letting a 17-point halftime lead..."]