['million-plus price tag. The failure was all the more pronounced because of the robust opening ($41.5 million) for  Warner Bros .\' "The Conjuring," an old-fashioned horror film made for under $20 million. It\'s become a recurring theme of summer 2013 ', 'million-plus price tag. The failure was all the more pronounced because of the robust opening ($41.5 million) for  Warner Bros .\' "The Conjuring," an old-fashioned horror film made for under $20 million. It\'s become a recurring theme of summer 2013 ', 'logo, backed by the Batman symbol, flashed on the screen.  Warner Bros . confirmed the first-ever pairing in a statement. Snyder million worldwide. Cavill and Adams will appear in the sequel,  Warner Bros . said. Reaction to the news stunned Twitter and left fans ', 'RCA Records) 2. Avenged Sevenfold, "Hail to the King" ( Warner Bros .) 3. John Mayer, "Wildfire" (Columbia Records) 4 UNITED KINGDOM 1. Avenged Sevenfold, "Hail to the King" ( Warner Bros .) 2. Kings of Leon, "Supersoaker" (RCA Records) 3 ', 'place with $12.7 million, while the  Warner Bros . haunted house thriller "The Conjuring com, are: 1. "The Conjuring,"  Warner Bros ., $41,855,326, 2,903 locations 422, one week. 6. "Pacific Rim,"  Warner Bros ., $16,002,231, 3,285 locations ', 'has settled the roiling dispute between Harvey Weinstein and  Warner Bros . over the use of the title "The Butler." In a ruling Friday Daniels\' White House drama. In the MPAA\'s title registry,  Warner Bros . reserves the rights to the title due to a so-named 1916 ', 'fright this weekend, sending "The Conjuring" into first place at the box office. According to studio estimates Sunday, the  Warner Bros . haunted-house horror debuted with $41.5 million in domestic ticket sales, unseating the three-week champ, "Despicable ', 'beat you," read Harry Lennox, before an image of the Superman logo, backed by the Batman symbol, flashed on the screen.  Warner Bros . then confirmed the first-ever pairing in a statement. Snyder reimagined Superman in his June blockbuster "Man of Steel ', 'Taylor-Johnson joined director Gareth Edwards to offer a look at early footage from "Godzilla," which hits theaters next spring.  Warner Bros . first announced the film at Comic-Con last year, and Edwards said shooting just wrapped days before this year\'s pop-culture ', 'mattmooreap) --- SUPERMAN\'S 75th TOUTS THE OLD AND NEW It was a gathering of the old and new for DC Entertainment and  Warner Bros . At a party atop the Hard Rock Hotel, Henry Cavill, the star of "Man of Steel," marked the ongoing 75th anniversary ', 'In what may be the biggest super mashup yet Superman at bat and go head to head on the big screen  Warner Bros . made the announcement. At comic con over the weekend that the two biggest superheroes now look tape to tape in to man of steel ', 'Superman at bat and go head to head on the big screen Warner Bros . made the announcement. At comic con over the weekend that the two biggest superheroes -- now look -- tape to tape in ', 'millions of citizens uploaded in 2007. Now  Warner Bros . and gained developer that now. Are YouTube. The man who created it says  Warner Bros . is using without his consent an injunction of not until the matter is resolved.  Warner Bros . is not commenting on the suit.', "-- It's gotten millions of citizens -- -- uploaded in 2007. Now Warner Bros . and gained developer that now. Are being sued for using a -- in east -- blogs video games allegedly without permission from the Eleanor. And then there's this video nine and Catholic. It was the fifth most viewed in 2011 on YouTube. The man who created it says Warner Bros . is using without his consent an injunction has been filed to stop the sale of -- not until the matter is resolved. Warner Bros . is not commenting on the suit. ", 'that story for us. Reporter: This morning, the royal trio out together, officially opening the multimillion-dollar  warner brothers  studios. Giving it the royal seal of approval. A real boys with toys day out. William getting in on the action, riding ', 'Reporter: This morning, the royal trio out together, officially opening the multimillion-dollar warner brothers studios. Giving it the royal seal of approval. A real boys with toys day out. William getting in on the action, riding ', 'other "pop news." It\'s about time hollywood has rediscovered one of the great children\'s book series of all-time.  Warner brothers  is in final negotiations to pick up the movie rights of the 28 "encyclopedia brown" books. I devoured these books. They ', 'hollywood has rediscovered one of the great children\'s book series of all-time. Warner brothers is in final negotiations to pick up the movie rights of the 28 "encyclopedia brown" books. I devoured these books. They solved ', 'Jennifer Aniston plays an exotic dancer in a  Warner Bros . movie to be released this summer.', "nightmare. The movie's distributor  Warner Bros . acted fast canceling premiere events there are personal feelings involved at  Warner Bros . there are people who have families goes out to them something even the  Warner Bros . has decided to cancel the big premieres ", "being a blockbuster bonanza. To a public relations nightmare. The movie's distributor Warner Bros . acted fast canceling premiere events in Paris Mexico City in Tokyo. And pulling the trailer for a different. -- -- in light ", "business it's the movie industry. But there are personal feelings involved at Warner Bros . there are people who have families -- their -- -- sensitive to this. And I think in terms of the box office ", 'ones. But my heart goes out to them something -- even the Warner Bros . has decided to cancel the big premieres with the stars of the movies. They will go ahead with the special screenings for ', "is you Harry Potter fans  Warner Bros . launching the making of Harry Potter studio tours later this month. ABC's nick what was in the square sneak for all of us ", "-- is -- you Harry Potter fans Warner Bros . launching the making of Harry Potter studio tours later this month. -- ABC's nick what was in the square sneak -- for "]