["She was one singular sensation  a chorus line  the  Broadway  theater world in 1975. And knows you died. That Cassie and  a chorus line  that was a very defining role one more question here about  a chorus line  and that's Michael now there ", "She was one singular sensation -- a chorus line -- the Broadway theater world in 1975. And she hasn't stopped cents. The music in the Muir was all she needed to make a little ", "the role that everybody knows you died. That -- -- Cassie and a chorus line that was a very defining role and when someone has a role like you've had there. It's -- but is it also ", "go to break come and ask you one more question here about a chorus line and that's Michael -- now there was a strong man to also somewhat like your father I don't want to. To a ", "The man who composed the scores for  a chorus line  the staying and the way we were just to name a few forty film scores and a Pulitzer Prize for the 1975  Broadway a chorus line . That's on top of every other major award including ", "The man who composed the scores for a chorus line the staying and the way we were just to name a few has died. Marvin Hamlisch passed away in Los Angeles Monday after a brief illness. He leaves behind a musical legacy that includes more than forty film scores and a Pulitzer Prize for the 1975 Broadway -- a chorus line . That's on top of every other major award including three Oscars Emmys a Tony and Golden Globes. Marvin Hamlisch -- 68 years ", "1997. It was Jessica Simpson's turn starring as. in  a chorus line . So why all of these performers back on the stage that of two generations of kids. Then this song from the  Broadway  musical says it all when it comes to Okay. He's often ", "Yeah. In 1997. It was Jessica Simpson's turn starring as. -- in a chorus line . So why -- all of these performers back on the stage that made them high school stars. I had it said it. ", "In 1997. It was Jessica Simpson's turn starring as. in  a chorus line . Why all of these performers back on the stage that made lives of two generations of kids. Then this song from the  Broadway  musical wicked says it all when it comes to I. Okay.", "Yeah. In 1997. It was Jessica Simpson's turn starring as. -- in a chorus line . Why -- all of these performers back on the stage that made them high school stars. Five -- and to join in ", 'ever. We Begin with a classic  Broadway  musical now back in a big way each Hewlett. For 6137. She  a chorus line  was the talk of the town times. But now we show for  Broadway  the end of  Broadway  is On  Broadway  and and. Bad ', "that are back -- stronger than ever. We Begin with a classic Broadway musical now back in a big way ABC's John Berman. Visited the set earlier this year. -- and -- -- through -- sound familiar each Hewlett. For 6137. She -- a chorus line was the talk of the town. He closed in 1990 after a fifteen year run at the time the longest -- every straight times. But now we show for Broadway the end of -- Broadway is -- On Broadway and and. Bad. Chorus line still relevant. Marvin Hamlisch stinks so it's almost as if the time has changed in the show. ", "It had all the ingredients of Hollywood movie  a chorus line  in designer clothes. And during a congressional hearing to a course of looking camera. My name's Valerie Plame Wilson answering ", "It had all the ingredients of -- Hollywood movie -- a chorus line in designer clothes. And during a congressional hearing to a course of looking camera. My name's Valerie Plame Wilson answering questions for ", "girlfriends who I'm dating steadily because have to talk about her everywhere that you change until the week goes  a chorus line  well you know I've got. I have a couple of friends that it's no I don't know that it. and out to be getting ", "to talk about her everywhere that you change until the week goes a chorus line well you know I've got. I have a couple of friends that it's no -- I don't know that it. -- and ", "worked on about a 150 between 15260. Films. O'Connell is a sound mixer one of Hollywood's busiest and best.  A chorus line  and it. Broadcast news. Field of dreams the passion of the Christ than O'Connell blends the movie's dialogue ", "Films. O'Connell is a sound mixer one of Hollywood's busiest and best. A chorus line and it. Broadcast news. Field of dreams the passion of the Christ than O'Connell blends the movie's dialogue music and sound effects ", 'cause they were attempting to break the current Guinness world record of the most number of drag queen to dancing and  a chorus line . There is such a thing the men were raising money for a local youth resource center that helps gay kids.', 'world record of the most number of drag queen to dancing and a chorus line . There is such a thing the men were raising money for a local youth resource center that helps gay kids. ']