['millions of citizens uploaded in 2007. Now  Warner Bros . and gained developer that now. Are YouTube. The man who created it says  Warner Bros . is using without his consent an injunction of not until the matter is resolved.  Warner Bros . is not commenting on the suit.', "-- It's gotten millions of citizens -- -- uploaded in 2007. Now Warner Bros . and gained developer that now. Are being sued for using a -- in east -- blogs video games allegedly without permission from the Eleanor. And then there's this video nine and Catholic. It was the fifth most viewed in 2011 on YouTube. The man who created it says Warner Bros . is using without his consent an injunction has been filed to stop the sale of -- not until the matter is resolved. Warner Bros . is not commenting on the suit. ", 'other "pop news." It\'s about time hollywood has rediscovered one of the great children\'s book series of all-time.  Warner brothers  is in final negotiations to pick up the movie rights of the 28 "encyclopedia brown" books. I devoured these books. They ', 'hollywood has rediscovered one of the great children\'s book series of all-time. Warner brothers is in final negotiations to pick up the movie rights of the 28 "encyclopedia brown" books. I devoured these books. They solved ', 'that story for us. Reporter: This morning, the royal trio out together, officially opening the multimillion-dollar  warner brothers  studios. Giving it the royal seal of approval. A real boys with toys day out. William getting in on the action, riding ', 'Reporter: This morning, the royal trio out together, officially opening the multimillion-dollar warner brothers studios. Giving it the royal seal of approval. A real boys with toys day out. William getting in on the action, riding ', 'Jennifer Aniston plays an exotic dancer in a  Warner Bros . movie to be released this summer.', "nightmare. The movie's distributor  Warner Bros . acted fast canceling premiere events there are personal feelings involved at  Warner Bros . there are people who have families goes out to them something even the  Warner Bros . has decided to cancel the big premieres ", "being a blockbuster bonanza. To a public relations nightmare. The movie's distributor Warner Bros . acted fast canceling premiere events in Paris Mexico City in Tokyo. And pulling the trailer for a different. -- -- in light ", "business it's the movie industry. But there are personal feelings involved at Warner Bros . there are people who have families -- their -- -- sensitive to this. And I think in terms of the box office ", 'ones. But my heart goes out to them something -- even the Warner Bros . has decided to cancel the big premieres with the stars of the movies. They will go ahead with the special screenings for ', "is you Harry Potter fans  Warner Bros . launching the making of Harry Potter studio tours later this month. ABC's nick what was in the square sneak for all of us ", "-- is -- you Harry Potter fans Warner Bros . launching the making of Harry Potter studio tours later this month. -- ABC's nick what was in the square sneak -- for ", "to Netflix at a discount the service will have to pay the same prices for the HBO dvds it distributes as any retailer. And  Warner Bros . is going to make Netflix red box and blockbuster new films. Everyone speculating on what's next from apple USA today's ", "same prices for the HBO dvds it distributes as any retailer. And Warner Bros . is going to make Netflix red box and blockbuster -- -- -- -- new films. Everyone speculating on what's next from apple ", 'Warner Bros . releases new trailer for the first film in the Peter Jackson-directed trilogy.', 'not the message that image show contract.  Warner Bros . tough guys collection fresh out on dvd together budget spectacular was Paramount classics.  Warner Bros . made gangster movies  Warner Bros . made movies where they shot as many people ', "Tuesday it is not the message that image show -- -- contract. Warner Bros . tough guys collection fresh out on dvd together with the also brand new film -- volume three. To box -- that present a powerful trip down memory lane is. My favorite John removed happens to be and what's fascinating about the tough guys collection we look at a political Jeanne -- Back in the 1930s studios made different kinds of some specialized. -- pride themselves. MGM made big budget spectacular was Paramount -- classics. Warner Bros . made gangster movies Warner Bros . made movies where they shot as many people as they possibly. Like the bat might have kept either squeaky clean and hard ", "of war between yes Charlie Sheen and  Warner Bros . The studio fired the actor on Monday Charlie sheen's reaction on Monday after  Warner Bros . fired him from two and a half minutes enabling. Relationship. The firing means  Warner Bros . they to put those silly shirts and ", "turn to the bitter Tug of war between yes Charlie Sheen and Warner Bros . The studio fired the actor on Monday -- Sheen says he's ready to launch a big time lawsuit Chris -- brings us to speak. The biggest moneymaking sitcom on television. -- is officially down a man. Hey John hey what are you gonna do that to. That was Charlie sheen's reaction on Monday after Warner Bros . fired him from two and a half minutes. A lawyer for the studio sent this letter obtained by TMC to sheen's lawyer ", 'with CBS. As very much a unhealthy enabling. Relationship. The firing means Warner Bros . they -- to put those silly shirts and a new actor. And keep the series running for another season on CBS. I think it was very significant that. Both Warner Bros . and CBS pointedly said. But the future of the show they would not comment on. Meanwhile Sheen himself may be hiring advertising ', 'him. And any reasonable expectations of keeping our jobs.  Warner Bros . today which produces a long running show. Put out a terse half an hour ago quoting now. After careful consideration  Warner Bros . television has terminated Charlie services on Two and a ', "who pay him. And -- any reasonable expectations of keeping our jobs. Warner Bros . today which produces a long running show. Put out a terse but brutal statement about half an hour ago quoting now. After careful consideration Warner Bros . television has terminated Charlie -- services on Two and a Half Men. Effective immediately that's it. She who has battled and may ", "It's a movie deal that would make Ari Gold crowd  Warner Bros . has given the green light to a movie version of the hit HBO show entourage. Deals are in the works to bring everyone back he ", "It's a movie deal that would make Ari Gold crowd Warner Bros . has given the green light to a movie version of the hit HBO show entourage. Deals are in the works to bring ", "your life. Nearly 2,000 movies were removed from netflix today. After a licensing deal with hollywood giants mgm and  warner brothers  expired. It means you can no longer stream movie classics wyke woody allen's star dust memories, south park, even bond ", "from netflix today. After a licensing deal with hollywood giants mgm and warner brothers expired. It means you can no longer stream movie classics wyke woody allen's star dust memories, south park, even bond goldfinger. Upset ", "looting on opposite sides on Super Bowl Sunday there's another incredible story on the gridiron. Two of their best players  Warner Bros . by birth but Brothers in line. Big mind why into the Michael wars has the story made famous in the Oscar winning film the ", "there's another incredible story on the gridiron. Two of their best players Warner Bros . by birth but Brothers in line. Big mind why -- into the -- -- -- -- -- Michael wars has the story ", 'launched a kick starter campaign to raise the $2 million that  warner brothers  said they would need to raise in 30 days for it to be a this movie for years and years. It just was stalled and  warner brothers  said go ahead and try this, a kick starter campaign. If ', "thomas launched a kick starter campaign to raise the $2 million that warner brothers said they would need to raise in 30 days for it to be a go. They did it and then some. In less than 11 hours. They made it the most successful crowd funded movie ever. The studio has now green-lit the project. Production begins this summer. 2 million. They actually raised -- it's still going. People still contributing. They've been trying to make this movie for years and years. It just was stalled and warner brothers said go ahead and try this, a kick starter campaign. If your fans are getting behind you we'll consider it. That's incredible. ", 'you\'re going to go in the boxing ring one more time with robert de niro. Oh, my god. You described it -- it\'s for  warner brothers . It\'s called "grudge match." It\'s amazing. I\'ve never had so much fun. We get in the ring and get it on. Aren\'t ', 'robert de niro. Oh, my god. You described it -- it\'s for warner brothers . It\'s called "grudge match." It\'s amazing. I\'ve never had so much fun. We get in the ring and get it on. Aren\'t ', "at heart a little bit in the backtrack on remembered his mouth and New another part kind of favorite creature can gremlin  Warner Bros . had been in talks to revive the eighties comedy. He's I think that there's room for the again and love that I love ", "and New -- another part kind of favorite creature can gremlin -- Warner Bros . had been in talks to revive the eighties comedy. He's I think that there's room for the -- again and love that ", "Mohammed they're calling possibly the next gun gun style. He actually tried auditioning for X factors couldn't deal with  Warner Bros . signed him to a deal try to get him to make. The UK's number one Christmas didn't quite get there but his video more ", "gun style. He actually tried auditioning for X factors couldn't deal with Warner Bros . signed him to a deal try to get him to make. The UK's number one Christmas -- didn't quite get there but ", "and this call he got the call he'd been waiting for. Doing this agent Colin November was interesting doing some work with  Warner Bros . and Paramount and Disney. We thought okay we know that this opportunity get violent past or even as for the long runs ", 'Doing this agent Colin November was interesting -- doing some work with Warner Bros . and Paramount and Disney. We thought okay we know that this opportunity -- get violent past or even as for the long ']