['12 in 2012: Bobby Jindal  Seen as Competent Governor With Experience Beyond His Years', "Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal is only 39 years old. If he were to run for president in 2012 and win the election, he'd be the youngest president in history.So it's not...", "U.S. Rep. Bobby Jindal easily defeated 11 opponents and became the state's first nonwhite governor since Reconstruction, decades after his parents moved to the state...", "Bobby Jindal  on 2012 Election: I'm Supporting Mitt Romney Because This Is About Preserving the American Dream For Our Children", 'Gov. Bobby Jindal  Endorses Rick Perry for President, Brushes Off Possible Role as VP in a Perry Administration', '(Updates throughout)HASH(0x93d5848)At least one person was killed and 73 others were injured in a huge explosion followed by a fire at a chemical plant in Geismar, L...', 'Bobby Jindal  on Brewer, Obama Photo Exchange: The Same Thing Happened to Me After Gulf Oil Spill', 'Court strikes at private school tuition voucher plan backed by La. Republican Gov Bobby Jindal ', "Louisiana's Supreme Court says the funding method for a private school tuition voucher program pushed through the Legislature last year by prominent Republican Gov. ...", "A large rental truck sideswiped a sport utility vehicle carrying Gov. Bobby Jindal home from his son's soccer game in Baton Rouge, but the governor was not hurt, off...", 'Republicans face tough questions with no easy answers over how, and where, to attract voters even GOP leaders say the party needs to stay nationally competitive when...', 'Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal on Saturday easily coasted to a second term, winning in a landslide election after failing to attract any well-known or deep-pocketed opp...', 'This is a rush transcript from "Your World with Neil Cavuto," July 29, 2008. This copy may not be in its final form and may be updated.DAVID ASMAN, GUEST HOST: Well,...', 'This is a rush transcript from "Hannity & Colmes," October 31, 2008. This copy may not be in its final form and may be updated.SEAN HANNITY, CO-HOST : With John McCa...']