["boutiques, a cigar bar, trendy restaurants and a museum and park dedicated to Oklahoma's Dust Bowl balladeer,  Woody Guthrie . The elegant Brady Theater is one of the jewels, opened by Brady in 1914 as the biggest arena between Kansas City ", 'sweetened sound of pop music. "Mississippi John Hurt isn\'t with us anymore, and Lead Belly is gone. The spirit of  Woody Guthrie  is still lurking around," Elliott said. "This land ain\'t your land, and it ain\'t my land, but the songs are ', 'sweetened sound of pop music. "Mississippi John Hurt isn\'t with us anymore, and Lead Belly is gone. The spirit of  Woody Guthrie  is still lurking around," Elliott said. "This land ain\'t your land, and it ain\'t my land, but the songs are ', 'Here are some of the reasons why. Fred Ross Sr. and  Woody Guthrie , 1939 Ross Sr. began community organizing in the California John Steinbeck in "The Grapes of Wrath." Folk singer  Woody Guthrie  took his guitar to the cotton fields and sang to the migrant ', 'also played some crowd pleasers at the rally to rev up the audience. The Boss played six songs, including a cover of  Woody Guthrie \'s "This Land Is Your Land," "We Take Care of Our Own," from his new album, and "No Surrender," which he dedicated ', 'also played some crowd pleasers at the rally to rev up the audience. The Boss played six songs, including a cover of  Woody Guthrie \'s "This Land Is Your Land," "We Take Care of Our Own," from his new album, and "No Surrender," which he dedicated ', 'also played some crowd pleasers at the rally to rev up the audience. The Boss played six songs, including a cover of  Woody Guthrie \'s "This Land Is Your Land," "We Take Care of Our Own," from his new album, and "No Surrender," which he ', 'also played some crowd pleasers at the rally to rev up the audience. The Boss played six songs including a cover of  Woody Guthrie \'s "This Land is Your Land," "We Take Care of Our Own," from his new album and "No Surrender," which he dedicated ', 'also played some crowd pleasers at the rally to rev up the audience. The Boss played six songs including a cover of  Woody Guthrie \'s "This Land is Your Land," "We Take Care of Our Own," from his new album and "No Surrender," which he dedicated ', 'memory, I was able to hear on a stereo in our living room -- a great big piece of furniture -- I was able to hear  Woody Guthrie ," Mellencamp said of one of his biggest musical influences. "Lucky for me, one of the first voices I ever heard ', "Scotsman's Relatives Had Abortions, Fearing Huntington's Disease After Diagnosis", 'indie band Grizzly Bear , and Canadian singer-songwriter Feist , joined the group on stage for a soulful rendition of  Woody Guthrie \'s "California Stars." (Indie-music veterans Yo La Tengo , who opened for Wilco, also took part in the jam ', "marked his first appearance on Britain's top of the problem. The old. In the same way that the dust bowl created  Woody Guthrie  in the same way the civil rights movement spawned Bob Dylan adventurism. The backlash against it launched One would ", 'problem. The old. In the same way that the dust bowl created Woody Guthrie in the same way the civil rights movement spawned Bob Dylan adventurism. The backlash against it launched -- One would give -- ', 'country face a watershed in Wisconsin. From their early days of organizing coal miners immortalized by singers like  Woody Guthrie . The groups were once a powerhouse in politics. But today labor unions favorable ratings are at their lowest level ', 'From their early days of organizing coal miners immortalized by singers like Woody Guthrie . -- -- -- -- -- -- The groups were once a powerhouse in politics. But today labor unions favorable ratings are at ', "common neurological diseases Huntington's Korea probably the most famous. Because it affected the famous folks who  Woody Guthrie . Huntington's Korea is now known to be a minor controversies. And I could list another. You know 120 diseases ", "Korea probably the most famous. Because it affected the famous folks who Woody Guthrie . Huntington's Korea is now known to be a minor controversies. And I could list another. You know 120 diseases. Are falling one "]