['the air on set, attached to a harness. "The flying was my favorite part of the job by far," she said. The  Walt Disney Pictures  film opens nationwide March 8. The Walt Disney Co. also owns ABC and this website. RELATED: Michelle Williams ', 'film. The new "Muppet" movie is set to hit theaters in time for Thanksgiving. "The Muppets" was produced by  Walt Disney Pictures , which is owned by ABC\'s parent company, Disney. Click here to return to the "Good Morning America" website ', 'Dancing With the Stars Season 12 Results: Mike Catherwood, Lacey Schwimmer First Couple Booted', 'recently appeared in the Paramount Pictures feature film "The Fighter," and served as a consultant on the upcoming  Walt Disney Pictures  film starring Hugh Jackman, "Real Steel," being released fall 2011. Ray will release his first autobiography ', 'recently appeared in the Paramount Pictures feature film "The Fighter," and served as a consultant on the upcoming  Walt Disney Pictures  film starring Hugh Jackman, "Real Steel," being released fall 2011. Ray will release his first autobiography ', 'sings the main title theme songs on "Cory in the House," "Yin! Yang! Yo!" and performed the title track for  Walt Disney Pictures \' "Underdog." Currently, Kyle is starring as the voice of Milo on the Disney Channel\'s upcoming animated ', 'sings the main title theme songs on "Cory in the House," "Yin! Yang! Yo!" and performed the title track for  Walt Disney Pictures \' "Underdog." Currently, Kyle is starring as the voice of Milo on the Disney Channel\'s upcoming animated ', 'sings the main title theme songs on "Cory in the House," "Yin! Yang! Yo!" and performed the title track for  Walt Disney Pictures \' "Underdog." Currently, Kyle is starring as the voice of Milo on the Disney Channel\'s upcoming animated ', 'sings the main title theme songs on "Cory in the House," "Yin! Yang! Yo!" and performed the title track for  Walt Disney Pictures \' "Underdog." Currently, Kyle is starring as the voice of Milo on the Disney Channel\'s upcoming animated ', 'sings the main title theme songs on "Cory in the House," "Yin! Yang! Yo!" and performed the title track for  Walt Disney Pictures \' "Underdog." Currently, Kyle is starring as the voice of Milo on the Disney Channel\'s upcoming animated ', 'sings the main title theme songs on "Cory in the House," "Yin! Yang! Yo!" and performed the title track for  Walt Disney Pictures \' "Underdog." Currently, Kyle is starring as the voice of Milo on the Disney Channel\'s upcoming animated ', 'sings the main title theme songs on "Cory in the House," "Yin! Yang! Yo!" and performed the title track for  Walt Disney Pictures \' "Underdog." Currently, Kyle is starring as the voice of Milo on the Disney Channel\'s upcoming animated ', 'Fourth pirates of the Caribbean movie is like all the others from  Walt Disney pictures  owned by the same parent company is WABC TV. It was directed by Rob Marshall best known for hit musicals like Chicago to this ', 'Fourth pirates of the Caribbean movie is like all the others from Walt Disney pictures owned by the same parent company is WABC TV. It was directed by Rob Marshall best known for hit musicals like Chicago ', "movie in Swedish or something. As trade as ever though Muppets return on November 23 it's being released by  Walt Disney pictures  which like ABC news is part of the Disney corporate family we have to.", "as ever though Muppets return on November 23 it's being released by Walt Disney pictures which like ABC news is part of the Disney corporate family we have to. ", "and I told my sister's kids bedtime story and it came true big kid Adam Sandler is telling bedtime stories of  Walt Disney pictures  don't by the same parent company is ABC seven silly. Yes but the famous father itself. Marley and me is a movie ", "it came true big kid Adam Sandler is telling bedtime stories of Walt Disney pictures don't by the same parent company is ABC seven silly. Yes but the famous father itself. Marley and me is a movie ", "high what I did enjoy was the reaction of the young people in the audience when I watched that the picture is from  Walt Disney pictures  owned by the same parent company is WABC TV camera hello Ian bell. That's a good good way to judge from the ", "people in the audience when I watched that the picture is from Walt Disney pictures owned by the same parent company is WABC TV camera hello Ian bell. That's a good good way to judge -- from "]