["PHOTOS: Inside the Queen's Diamond Jubilee Celebration Although the album's title track, co-written by  Andrew Lloyd Webber  and Gary Barlow, features musicians from across England, royal watchers with a sharp ear will notice the rhythm ", 'work very difficult." And then there is the music that gets him pumped up and keeps him coming back for more --  Andrew Lloyd Webber \'s operatic "The Music of the Night." In the play, Broadway\'s longest running musical, the phantom puts ', 'Thompson is picking up her backstage pass. Pop singer Shakira , rock icon Beth Ditto of the band Gossip and composer  Andrew Lloyd Webber  are in hair and make-up. And Lena Meyer-Landrut is sitting on a sofa in her dressing room, awaiting her turn ', 'made it to the U.K. Top 10 and produced three hit singles. He also starred in several musicals, including  Andrew Lloyd Webber \'s "Joseph and the Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat" in 2003 to 2004. Facebook Tributes to Gately Pour In He and ', 'made it to the U.K. Top 10 and produced three hit singles. He also starred in several musicals, including  Andrew Lloyd Webber \'s "Joseph and the Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat" in 2003-04. Gately\'s Fans Pay Tribute to "Heavenly Voice ', "the Boyzone star who died last Saturday in Majorca, Spain, at his funeral in Dublin Saturday. Sir Elton John ,  Andrew Lloyd Webber  , Louis Walsh , boyband Westlife and former Taoiseach Bertie Ahern were among the congregation at St Laurence O'Toole ", "than she is. When, in 1994, my agent called to tell me I'd been invited by the producers to audition for Sir  Andrew Lloyd Webber 's Sunset Boulevard, I was familiar with the rhythms of a life in which the phone didn't ring as often, at ", "office party that you wind up dancing on the bar, groping someone you shouldn't and/or reenacting your favorite  Andrew Lloyd Webber  musical. How can you save your reputation -- and your job -- come Monday morning? Face the Gaffe Head-On First ", 'Ticketmaster, a special Disney hot line, 212-307-4747. The Phantom of the Opera. The one with the chandelier. The  Andrew Lloyd Webber  musical about a deformed composer who haunts the Paris Opera House is the prime, Grade A example of big Brit musical ', 'peers. "Amy Winehouse is simply one of the finest musical talents this country has ever produced," composer Lord  Andrew Lloyd Webber  told ABC News. "I\'m nervous to see Amy perform tonight," British \'60s star Lulu told ABC News earlier on ', "of her and partner Julie Cypher's two children, conceived through artificial insemination.  Andrew Lloyd Webber  Broadway composer  Andrew Lloyd Webber  has something to sing about: his successful management of his type 2 diabetes. Lloyd Webber ", 'to remember her in a fun way." Diana\'s good friend Elton John is scheduled to headline the show. Songs from  Andrew Lloyd Webber  will be performed and Pharrell Williams, a friend of Prince William, will also be featured in the show. "That\'s ', "one of the most successful musicals of all time open last night on the London stage that is the next chapter of  Andrew Lloyd Webber 's Phantom of the Opera. As the BBCs will Roberts reports reviews are mixed. Defensive. Is back. And you the ", "last night on the London stage that is the next chapter of Andrew Lloyd Webber's Phantom of the Opera. As the BBCs will Roberts reports reviews are mixed. -- Defensive. Is back. -- And you the big ", 'fitting tribute. Welsh crooner search Tom Jones performs its kind live Followed by the powerhouse Broadway composer  Andrew Lloyd Webber . He teamed up with an African required to perform same. Written especially for this occasion. spoke to us earlier ', 'performs its kind live -- -- Followed by the powerhouse Broadway composer Andrew Lloyd Webber . He teamed up with an African required to perform same. Written especially for this occasion. -- spoke to us earlier today about ', "which is 120000. People. Study for two years every day. To do this mass gymnastics this sort of choreographed.  Andrew Lloyd Webber  on No history of Korea thing. You're supposed to go away from it saying this is the glory of the You go away ", "years every day. To do this mass gymnastics this sort of choreographed. Andrew Lloyd Webber on -- No history of Korea thing. You're supposed to go away from it saying this is the glory of the -- ", "the varying games which 120000. Study for two years every day to do this mass gymnastics sort of choreograph.  Andrew Lloyd Webber  on No history of Korea thing. You're supposed to go away from it saying this is the glory of the solutions ", "every day to do this mass gymnastics -- -- sort of choreograph. Andrew Lloyd Webber on -- No history of Korea thing. You're supposed to go away from it saying this is the glory of the solutions. ", "an issue want to. The best as well as investors it's about. Headlining the show relatives Jones of course.  Andrew Lloyd Webber  and for the younger crowd Williams putting through Williams. it's record calls for the because of suited the ", "-- -- -- -- Headlining the show -- relatives Jones of course. Andrew Lloyd Webber and for the younger crowd Williams putting -- through -- Williams. -- -- -- -- it's -- record -- calls for the "]