['live performances from country music star Brad Paisley, and a duet from pop star Jennifer Lopez and opera legend  Andrea Bocelli . Returning to the competition on Monday are Ortiz, Olympic gymnast Aly Raisman, Disney star Zendaya, country music ', 'executive producer Simon Fuller. She followed with the song that earned her a spot in the top 24, Celine Dion and  Andrea Bocelli \'s "The Prayer," and ended with the original song, a pop power ballad called "Change Nothing." Starting with ', "'American Idol' Recap: Jessica Sanchez and Phillip Phillips Compete for the 'Idol' Crown", 'online as part of the Coca-Cola Perfect Harmony contest. Starting round two, Jessica revisited Celine Dion and  Andrea Bocelli \'s "The Prayer," the song that earned her a spot in the top 24. It was a powerful performance backed by a full ', 'broken countless records with her albums going platinum around the world. She has performed with Placido Domingo and  Andrea Bocelli , had lunch and performed for the Queen and other members of The Royal Family as well as Prime Ministers and dignitaries ', 'wine, fireworks and entertainment that ranged from  Andrea Bocelli  to the Black Eyed Peas. "Petra Ecclestone\'s wedding diamonds on her ears and a diamond tiara on her head.  Andrea Bocelli  sang for the happy couple after they delivered their ', 'awesome. Glazer\'s mission statement, proudly displayed on the Web site, is simple: "Before the fanny packs and  Andrea Bocelli  concerts, your parents (and grand-parents) were once free-wheeling, fashion-forward and super awesome ', 'Foster and child prodigy, Charice Nov. 19 -- Il Divo Nov. 24 -- Tom Jones Nov. 25 -- Kanye West Dec. 1 --  Andrea Bocelli  Dec. 2 -- Britney Spears Dec. 3 -- Martina McBride Dec. 16 -- Melissa Etheridge Click here for more information ', 'began to step into the spotlight. Foster asked Groban to rehearse a duet on stage with Celine Dion in the absence of  Andrea Bocelli . Then, in the 2001 season finale of Ally McBeal, Groban performed the song "You\'re Still You" which became ', "The Miracle That We Were Hoping for' Months went by, and Garbern continued his research. In the meantime,  Andrea Bocelli  -- Jacob's favorite singer -- was in the Toronto area for a concert. With the help of ABC News, the family reached ", 'such as ballerina Carla Fracci, film director Franco Zefferelli, actress Giulietta Masina and celebrated tenor  Andrea Bocelli . So, what do these letters teach us about love and human beings? "What I learned about love, about yearning ', 'designer Giorgio Armani. Other stars planning to attend the event are actor Will Smith and wife Jada Pinkett Smith.  Andrea Bocelli , the famous tenor from Tuscany, is expected to perform. Bridesmaids and Flower Girls But the ceremony itself may ', "events, including games played by the Washington Wizards and Capitals and the Baltimore Orioles, and concerts by  Andrea Bocelli  and Bruce Springsteen. But that didn't seem to be Ralston's biggest problem. In a statement, the House committee ", 'This is huge for me.  Andrea bocelli  and david foster right here. One of the most successful classical solo artists.  Andrea bocelli  has a new album out today, "passione." Andrea, before we ', 'This is huge for me. Andrea bocelli and david foster right here. One of the most successful classical solo artists. Andrea bocelli has a new album out today, "passione." Andrea, before we get a song out of you. I love early stories. And I ', 'well and give people what they want. You mentioned "rhinestone." You were saying a moment ago, with the great  andrea bocelli , if he needs any singing help. He does need some pointers. Andrea, open. Breathe. You heard me in "rhinestone ']