['Loki in attempt to get back at those jerks He-Man and Thor, and "Star Wars" reimagined as a musical complete with  a chorus line  of Jawa showgirls. Cosplay enthusiasts gathered Saturday night at Comic-Con to get their geek on, participating ', 'Loki in attempt to get back at those jerks He-Man and Thor, and "Star Wars" reimagined as a musical complete with  a chorus line  of Jawa showgirls. Cosplay enthusiasts gathered Saturday night at Comic-Con to get their geek on, participating ', 'gigs. He made a TV comeback in 2006 after finishing second on "Dancing With the Stars," and hit  Broadway  in 2008 to star in " A Chorus Line ." That same year, he was named permanent weekday host of "Extra" and published a fitness book ', 'Ordinary People." SEE PHOTOS: NOTABLE PEOPLE WHO HAVE DIED THIS YEAR For the stage, Hamlisch composed the music for " A Chorus Line ," which won him the Pulitzer Prize, as well as "They\'re Playing Our Song," "The Goodbye Girl" and others ', 'by posting a photo of her ultrasound and positive pregnancy tests on Twitter. Her baby bump is visible in one of the wedding day photos she posted online. Porter was mostly recently seen on  Broadway  in "Footloose" and " A Chorus Line ."', 'gigs. He made a TV comeback in 2006 after finishing second on "Dancing With the Stars," and hit  Broadway  in 2008 to star in " A Chorus Line ." That same year, he was named permanent weekday host of "Extra" and published a fitness book ', 'gigs. He made a TV comeback in 2006 after finishing second on "Dancing With the Stars," and hit  Broadway  in 2008 to star in " A Chorus Line ." That same year, he was named permanent weekday host of "Extra" and published a fitness book ', 'Simpson, who starred as Cassie in a 1997 production of " A Chorus Line ." To commemorate the theater program\'s long success Stone was ready to reprise her role as "Val" in " A Chorus Line " ... on one condition. "She was the first person ', 'Dodd and Mary Brownback, reports ABC News\' Sunlen Miller. (Entertainment will be provided by Marvin Hamlisch of  A Chorus Line  fame). Barack Obama meets his supporters in Newton, IA before enjoying an "Evening in the Park" in Ottumwa, IA ', 'which garnered him a Tony Awards. Gerald Schoenfeld , 84 -- Theater impresario. He revived  Broadway  by bringing hits such as " A Chorus Line " and "Cats." THIS WEEK, THE PENTAGON RELEASED THE NAMES OF FOUR SOLDIERS AND MARINES KILLED ', "RV. He will be making his  Broadway  debut in Spring Awakening at www.telecharge.com .  Broadway  ticket availability Unless Telecharge. Closes July 27.  A Chorus Line . Michael Bennett's classic dancers auditioning for a big  Broadway  show is back. Gerald Schoenfeld ", 'O\'Connell has worked on an estimated 160 films. He is a sound mixer, one of Hollywood\'s busiest and best. " A Chorus Line ," "Broadcast News," "Field of Dreams," "The Passion of the Christ" -- O\'Connell blends a movie\'s dialogue ', 'occasional series. On  Broadway . and through sound familiar Hewlett. For 6137. She  a chorus line  was the talk of the town every But now we show for  Broadway  the end of  Broadway  is these stories. Crafting  a chorus line . To illustrate that ', "legend making a comeback the musical chorus line is heading back to Broadway after an absence of more than fifteen years. So does the old magic still holed up. Is this show the Broadway version of reality TV ABC's John Berman has the new installment of our occasional series. On Broadway . -- and -- -- through -- sound familiar each Hewlett. For 6137. She -- a chorus line was the talk of the town. He closed in 1990 after a fifteen year run at the time the longest running every -- But now we show for Broadway the end of -- Broadway is that. On Broadway . This was the original kind. And -- reality show on stage you were getting inside look at what it's like. To be a performer and theater and go through that process. Was this the 1970s. Version of American Idol. If almost seventeen dancers trying desperately. To get over all in the chorus of a Broadway Show. Just deport. Any more. I. -- -- -- -- -- -- -- The whole idea came from a workshop for the ", '-- The legendary director and choreographer Michael Bennett -- these stories. Crafting a chorus line . To illustrate that metaphorical line between desperation. And hope. Composer Marvin Hamlisch. One day. Michael took -- piece that you -- to ', "-- that's -- even after 6137. Performances. American need be ready to a chorus line once more. It represents -- -- And then there's the quote in the program by Michael Bennett that says this shows dedicated ", "She was one singular sensation  a chorus line  the  Broadway  theater world in 1975. And knows you died. That Cassie and  a chorus line  that was a very defining role one more question here about  a chorus line  and that's Michael now there ", "She was one singular sensation -- a chorus line -- the Broadway theater world in 1975. And she hasn't stopped cents. The music in the Muir was all she needed to make a little ", "the role that everybody knows you died. That -- -- Cassie and a chorus line that was a very defining role and when someone has a role like you've had there. It's -- but is it also ", "go to break come and ask you one more question here about a chorus line and that's Michael -- now there was a strong man to also somewhat like your father I don't want to. To a ", "The man who composed the scores for  a chorus line  the staying and the way we were just to name a few forty film scores and a Pulitzer Prize for the 1975  Broadway a chorus line . That's on top of every other major award including ", "The man who composed the scores for a chorus line the staying and the way we were just to name a few has died. Marvin Hamlisch passed away in Los Angeles Monday after a brief illness. He leaves behind a musical legacy that includes more than forty film scores and a Pulitzer Prize for the 1975 Broadway -- a chorus line . That's on top of every other major award including three Oscars Emmys a Tony and Golden Globes. Marvin Hamlisch -- 68 years ", "1997. It was Jessica Simpson's turn starring as. in  a chorus line . So why all of these performers back on the stage that of two generations of kids. Then this song from the  Broadway  musical says it all when it comes to Okay. He's often ", "Yeah. In 1997. It was Jessica Simpson's turn starring as. -- in a chorus line . So why -- all of these performers back on the stage that made them high school stars. I had it said it. ", "In 1997. It was Jessica Simpson's turn starring as. in  a chorus line . Why all of these performers back on the stage that made lives of two generations of kids. Then this song from the  Broadway  musical wicked says it all when it comes to I. Okay.", "Yeah. In 1997. It was Jessica Simpson's turn starring as. -- in a chorus line . Why -- all of these performers back on the stage that made them high school stars. Five -- and to join in ", 'ever. We Begin with a classic  Broadway  musical now back in a big way each Hewlett. For 6137. She  a chorus line  was the talk of the town times. But now we show for  Broadway  the end of  Broadway  is On  Broadway  and and. Bad ', "that are back -- stronger than ever. We Begin with a classic Broadway musical now back in a big way ABC's John Berman. Visited the set earlier this year. -- and -- -- through -- sound familiar each Hewlett. For 6137. She -- a chorus line was the talk of the town. He closed in 1990 after a fifteen year run at the time the longest -- every straight times. But now we show for Broadway the end of -- Broadway is -- On Broadway and and. Bad. Chorus line still relevant. Marvin Hamlisch stinks so it's almost as if the time has changed in the show. ", "It had all the ingredients of Hollywood movie  a chorus line  in designer clothes. And during a congressional hearing to a course of looking camera. My name's Valerie Plame Wilson answering ", "It had all the ingredients of -- Hollywood movie -- a chorus line in designer clothes. And during a congressional hearing to a course of looking camera. My name's Valerie Plame Wilson answering questions for "]