['calling for release of jailed members of the Russian punk group Pussy Riot. Amnesty said Monday that Adele, U2, Madonna,  Yoko Ono , Radiohead, Patti Smith, Bruce Springsteen, Ke$ha, Sir Paul McCartney and Sting were among those who signed an open ', 'a few guesses and then wrote, "What the hell - it\'s Linda?" The Lennon letterhead has a circular image of Lennon and  Yoko Ono  almost touching lips. (Image credit: Profiles in History/AP Photo) The Lennon letter is expected to fetch between $40 ', "President Obama's Twitter Account Retweets Photo of John Lennon's Bloody Glasses", '@yokoono/Twitter The Twitter account @BarackObama tonight retweeted  Yoko Ono \'s picture of John Lennon"s bloody glasses from the day he was murdered. The arresting photo, which includes text that more ', 'Yoko Ono  joined the U.S. gun debate when she tweeted a picture of the blood-stained glasses her husband, John Lennon, was wearing ', "PM Note: 'Peace is Possible', Reid Moves Gun Bill, Congress Funds Government, Senate Hopeful Eats Lion", "SCOTUS - Guess which one says it is unconstitutional - http://abcn.ws/Z3Onaz (Sastry)  Yoko Ono  Tweets John Lennon's Bloody Glasses-  Yoko Ono  joined the U.S. gun debate when she tweeted a picture of the blood-stained glasses her husband ", 'class of Mexico, there is no other way to come to America except illegally. It\'s impossible," he said. John Lennon and  Yoko Ono  The Nixon administration issued a deportation order to Lennon and Ono, alleging the couple had been admitted to the country ', 'Courtesy Opening Ceremony/AP Photo  Yoko Ono  can now add fashion designer to her list of accomplishments. The 79-year-old author, artist, musician and innovator unveiled ', "Book Excerpt: 'Untouchable: The Strange Life and Tragic Death of Michael Jackson'", "Usher, and included such disparate talents as Destiny's Child, Ray Charles, Marc Anthony, Missy Elliot, Dionne Warwick,  Yoko Ono , Gloria Estefan, Slash, and Whitney Houston. Samuel L. Jackson had agreed to serve as master of ceremonies, while Michael's ", "Credit: Lester Cohen/WireImage/Getty Images. Back down,  Yoko Ono  haters: in a new interview, Paul McCartney says John Lennon's widow didn't break up the Beatles. According to the L.A ", 'in the 60s." Strawberry Fields, John Lennon Memorial, New York City Opposite the Dakota Apartments where John Lennon and  Yoko Ono  lived (and in front of which he died), this memorial in New York\'s Central Park is a fitting tribute to the musician ', 'MOSCOW -  Yoko Ono , the artist and widow of legendary Beatles singer John Lennon, and Amnesty International have announced that members of Pussy ', 'life which you caused as a result of this heinous, unprovoked, violent, cold and calculated crime," the board wrote.  Yoko Ono , the wife of the late musician, said in 2010 that she opposed paroling Chapman and believed he could be a danger to her and ', 'have been someone else," he said. Chapman said he chose the Beatle because he was the most accessible target on his list.  Yoko Ono , the wife of the late musician, said in 2010 that she opposed paroling Chapman and believed he could be a danger to her and ', 'It was a star studded revival for the  plastic Ono band  this week 76 year old Yoko own Joyner 34 year old son Sean Put together an all star lineup to last Tuesday Eric Clapton Paul Simon ', 'It was a star studded revival for the plastic Ono band this week 76 year old Yoko own Joyner 34 year old son Sean -- Put together an all star lineup to -- ', "Yoko Ono  is well I don't know. Recently outperformed what the which he called the voice art piece at the museum of modern art in new York and it was. As you can imagine quite wonderful. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. change. Yeah it's. Okay.", "Yoko Ono is well -- I don't know. Recently outperformed what the which he called the voice art piece at the museum of modern ", "John Lennon's widow  Yoko Ono  says she's devastated this morning after finding her longtime Taina Hernandez. Her world famous marriage to John Lennon made  Yoko Ono  in nighttime. of that it was making front page news again. As ", "John Lennon's widow Yoko Ono says she's devastated this morning after finding -- her longtime driver violated her trust and threatened her life. That driver is accused of extortion and here with the details ABC's Taina Hernandez. Her world famous marriage to John Lennon made Yoko Ono in nighttime. -- of that it was making front page news again. As a prime. Allegedly extorted by her -- -- -- ", 'police say that it will when he was with The Beatles he did want to be more politically active he needed wanna And I really easy yet playing you me dad. Silly Philly about thinking that they may says we can do it together competing senate. For him to stick out and do it alone plan health field to']