["of her dance abilities. Tonight's show include live performances from Miami rapper Pitbull, Korean rapper PSY and  Wynonna Judd , who was eliminated from the show early on in this season. There were also dance performances from the rest of the ", 'the show last week. He was preceded by boxing champion Victor Ortiz, comedian D.L. Hughley, country music legend  Wynonna Judd  and reality TV star Lisa Vanderpump who have already been eliminated this season. Figure skating legend Dorothy Hamill ', 'Zendaya and NFL player Jacoby Jones. Boxing champion Victor Ortiz, comedian D.L. Hughley, country music legend  Wynonna Judd  and reality TV star Lisa Vanderpump have already been eliminated this season. Figure skating legend Dorothy Hamill ', "'Dancing With the Stars' Week 6: Kellie Pickler Regains Lead on Stevie Wonder Night", "the show's official Slacker Radio station! Comedian D.L. Hughley was voted off last week. Country music legend  Wynonna Judd  and reality TV star Lisa Vanderpump preceded him off the dance floor. This is the show's 16 th season. The Individual ", "performance show. RELATED: 'Dancing With the Stars' Results: Lisa Vanderpump Voted Off in Week 4 Country music legend  Wynonna Judd  and reality TV star Lisa Vanderpump have already been eliminated this season. Figure skating icon Dorothy Hamill withdrew ", "is now in its sixteenth season. Country music legend  Wynonna Judd  was eliminated from the competition last week. Exclusive L. Hughley, reality TV star Sean Lowe. RELATED:  Wynonna Judd  Eliminated from 'Dancing with the Stars'", "viewer votes and judges' scores will leave the competition during the results show tomorrow. Country music legend  Wynonna Judd  was eliminated from the competition last week. The Routines Sean Lowe: The reality TV star's Viennese waltz represented ", 'the video was viewed by the school\'s athletic director. 5. \'DWTS\' Votes Off First Contestant Country music star  Wynonna Judd  was the first contestant to be eliminated from the ballroom on this season\'s "Dancing With the Stars." Judd and ', 'landed at the top of the leaderboard with 25 points out of 30 on "Dancing With the Stars" Monday night. Country star  Wynonna Judd  and her partner Tony Dovolani got the lowest score of the night with 15 points.', "to see more Rumba content, but I agree with the judges that Jacoby's movement was very refined. Scores are good.  Wynonna Judd  and Tony Dovolani's . Argh, I so want to be positive and say great things, but I have to be honest and write what ", "'Dancing With the Stars' Elimination: Wynonna Judd  Voted Off in Week 3 of Season 16", 'Jason Merritt/Getty Images Country music legend  Wynonna Judd  was the first contestant to be voted off the dance floor in season 16 of ABC\'s "Dancing With the Stars." Judd, who has struggled ', "'Dancing With the Stars' Elimination: Wynonna Judd  Voted Off in Week 3 of Season 16", 'Jason Merritt/Getty Images Country music legend  Wynonna Judd  was the first contestant to be voted off the dance floor in season 16 of ABC\'s "Dancing With the Stars." Judd, who has struggled ', "'Dancing With the Stars' Prom Night: Kellie Pickler Leads in Week 3 of Season 16", "jive, while country music legend  Wynonna Judd  was the night's low scorer said. Jones earned 24 points.  Wynonna Judd : The country music legend's Hughley and Cheryl Burke: 16  Wynonna Judd  and Tony Dovolani: 15", "premiere and a couple sure to be very popular with the audience here with us now from the new cast get ready to welcome  wynonna judd  and tony dovolani. Come on out! oh, yeah. Wow. Hello. So good to see you, wynonna. I don't want to let you ", "here with us now from the new cast get ready to welcome wynonna judd and tony dovolani. Come on out! oh, yeah. Wow. Hello. So good to see you, wynonna. I don't want to let you. ", "Wynonna Judd  Postpones Concerts After Husband Michael 'Cactus' Moser's Motorcycle Accident", 'Country singer  Wynonna Judd  postpones concerts after her husband was seriously injured in a motorcycle crash Michael cactus needles or.', 'Country singer Wynonna Judd postpones concerts after her husband was seriously injured in a motorcycle crash Michael cactus needles or. ', "What is the greatest. Country music I have to go back to church and say it's between how great thou art an amazing grace. I think those two are alike. You know the original tabernacle. Country music comes from the church so I have to go back to. Burris from an Appalachian remember. Learning amazing", 'morning, the couple leaving the ba after an emotional good-bye on "dancing with the stars" last night. Our friend  wynonna judd  and tony dovolani. Here\'s a look at wynonna\'s response. I faced one of my biggest fears and I\'ve made a lifetime ', 'an emotional good-bye on "dancing with the stars" last night. Our friend wynonna judd and tony dovolani. Here\'s a look at wynonna\'s response. I faced one of my biggest fears and I\'ve made a lifetime friend ', 'Wynonna Judd  heads home from "Dancing With the Stars" as Andy Dick survives another week.', 'Kelly Monaco discusses performances by Zendaya, Jacoby Jones and  Wynonna Judd .']