['Glover in "The Tap Dance Kid" on Broadway. Directed and choreographed by Warren Carlyle with musical direction by  Wynton Marsalis , the show appeared off-Broadway last year at New York City Center under the name "Cotton Club Parade." Songs ', 'for Nov. 3. Barrino ends her run Feb. 9. Directed and choreographed by Warren Carlyle with musical direction by  Wynton Marsalis , the show appeared off-Broadway last year at New York City Center under the name "Cotton Club Parade." Songs ', 'remembering a great man and keeping Laurene and the rest of the Jobs family in our thoughts and prayers." Statement from  Wynton Marsalis , jazz musician "Steve Jobs was a man of absolute integrity. He pursued the deepest truths in his imagination with ', "have been illegal. Now, it's part of a wider cultural opening between the United States and Cuba. Jazz great  Wynton Marsalis  performed here two weeks ago with the Jazz at Lincoln Center orchestra. A Cuban singer was allowed to attend this ", "Harry Connick Jr.'s New Album Marks First Collaboration With Legendary Producer Clive Davis", 'features advice from notable New Yorkers such as restaurant recommendations from Mario Batali and music picks from  Wynton Marsalis . In conjunction with the site launch, the city has also opened a new Manhattan visitor center (810 Seventh Ave ', 'got a chance to go backstage and because it was just me and my FLIP CAM, I was able to do a quick interview with  Wynton Marsalis  in his dressing room. He waxed poetic about how jazz is a truly innovative American art form. I asked Marsalis ', 'expected to draw thousands of ordinary Harlemites, as well as African-American celebrities such as Harry Belafonte and  Wynton Marsalis , and perhaps a surprise appearance by actor John Cusack. "It\'s going to be crazy," said one security guard ', 'pen and pad briefing for reporters in the U.S. Capitol. Stars of the music world are on Capitol Hill today, as  Wynton Marsalis  testifies before a 10:30 am ET hearing of the House Appropriations Committee on creativity and the arts, and ', 'Jazz legend  Wynton Marsalis  is about to release his most political album yet. "From the Plantation Penitentiary" condemns complacency and calls on citizens to act.  Wynton Marsalis : Apathy is the enemy. Participate. With the song, "Where Y\'All ', 'and in return, will contribute 300 hours of sweat equity, building their houses and those of their neighbors.  Wynton Marsalis  is also playing concerts to help Katrina survivors and believes the construction of Musicians Village will help heal ', "As students return to Tulane University, musicians like trumpeter  Wynton Marsalis  will welcome them back with some of New Orleans's famed jazz at an event at the university's cultural center tonight as part ", "they work and finally we'll speak with jazz great  Wynton Marsalis  about his new highly political album from the plantation with something a little different from jazz trumpeter  Wynton Marsalis  his new album from the plantation to the penitentiary ", "show you how they work and finally we'll speak with jazz great Wynton Marsalis about his new highly political album from the plantation to the penitentiary. But first today's top story shocking allegations of wretched conditions ", 'we leave you today with something a little different from jazz trumpeter Wynton Marsalis his new album from the plantation to the penitentiary. Sounds political. And it is. Every decade -- tried to make an album ', 'Something a little different from jazz trumpeter  Wynton Marsalis  his new album from the plantation to the penitentiary. Sounds political. And it is. Every decade try to make an album that addresses ', 'Something a little different from jazz trumpeter Wynton Marsalis his new album from the plantation to the penitentiary. Sounds political. And it is. Every decade -- try to make an album ', 'celebrating her ninetieth birthday here. This is part of a wider opening between the two countries the American musician.  Wynton Marsalis  visited here recently Cuban musician. Invited to the US for the Grammy Awards and there are bigger changes as well ', 'a wider -- -- opening between the two countries the American musician. Wynton Marsalis visited here recently -- Cuban musician. Invited to the US for the Grammy Awards and there are bigger changes as well Cuban ', 'work that you were doing. And going forward what an exciting what an exciting year. And we plan to do even more  Wynton Marsalis  wrote a piece for us and that we performed the Jazz at Lincoln Center. And Mya Angelo I and John and Cornell west ', 'exciting what an exciting year. And we plan to do even more Wynton Marsalis wrote a piece for us and that we performed the Jazz at Lincoln Center. And Mya Angelo I and John and Cornell ', 'join together to create a hybrid sound of jazz and country on the album two men with the balloons. Willie Nelson and  Wynton Marsalis  recorded the collection after successful that at Lincoln finally she gave us in New York.', 'country on the album two men with the balloons. Willie Nelson and Wynton Marsalis recorded the collection after successful -- -- that at Lincoln -- finally she gave us in New York. ', 'Our this week  Wynton Marsalis . Jazz legend is about to release most political album yeah. From the plantation to the penitentiary condemns complacency. And ', 'Our -- this week Wynton Marsalis . Jazz legend is about to release -- most political album yeah. From the plantation to the penitentiary condemns complacency. And calls on ']