['Something a little different from jazz trumpeter  Wynton Marsalis  his new album from the plantation to the penitentiary. Sounds political. And it is. Every decade try to make an album that addresses ', 'Something a little different from jazz trumpeter Wynton Marsalis his new album from the plantation to the penitentiary. Sounds political. And it is. Every decade -- try to make an album ', 'celebrating her ninetieth birthday here. This is part of a wider opening between the two countries the American musician.  Wynton Marsalis  visited here recently Cuban musician. Invited to the US for the Grammy Awards and there are bigger changes as well ', 'a wider -- -- opening between the two countries the American musician. Wynton Marsalis visited here recently -- Cuban musician. Invited to the US for the Grammy Awards and there are bigger changes as well Cuban ', 'work that you were doing. And going forward what an exciting what an exciting year. And we plan to do even more  Wynton Marsalis  wrote a piece for us and that we performed the Jazz at Lincoln Center. And Mya Angelo I and John and Cornell west ', 'exciting what an exciting year. And we plan to do even more Wynton Marsalis wrote a piece for us and that we performed the Jazz at Lincoln Center. And Mya Angelo I and John and Cornell ', 'join together to create a hybrid sound of jazz and country on the album two men with the balloons. Willie Nelson and  Wynton Marsalis  recorded the collection after successful that at Lincoln finally she gave us in New York.', 'country on the album two men with the balloons. Willie Nelson and Wynton Marsalis recorded the collection after successful -- -- that at Lincoln -- finally she gave us in New York. ', 'Our this week  Wynton Marsalis . Jazz legend is about to release most political album yeah. From the plantation to the penitentiary condemns complacency. And ', 'Our -- this week Wynton Marsalis . Jazz legend is about to release -- most political album yeah. From the plantation to the penitentiary condemns complacency. And calls on ', "Count Basie and Duke Ellington Everett who never got credit that they deserve. I loved jazz trumpet players like  Wynton Marsalis  whom I think is genius. And I love miles Davis Love baker. Dizzy Gillespie. That's where are What I now. The ", "-- credit -- that they deserve. I loved jazz trumpet players like Wynton Marsalis whom I think is -- genius. And I love miles Davis Love -- baker. Dizzy Gillespie. That's where are -- -- What ", "this market turbulence have the first ever Sunday interview with the secretary of the treasury Hank Paulson plus.  Wynton Marsalis  gets political. It's all coming up on this week.", "ever Sunday interview with the secretary of the treasury Hank Paulson plus. Wynton Marsalis gets political. It's all coming up on this week. "]