['my family, and to play more music -- and to figure out how to balance the two." Ne-Yo R&B star Ne-Yo tweeted this resolution: "I\'m gonna try to go Vegan. Discipline test. NOT looking forward to it. Wish me luck!!"  Wyclef Jean', 'falsetto he flexes on that one is dangerous. On the new single "Do You," produced by Jerry "Wonda" (Fugees,  Wyclef Jean ), he bluntly poses the question: "Do you like drugs? Yeah, me too/...I\'ma do you like drugs tonight ', 'Nathaniel West 1912 Pope John Paul I 1918 Rita Hayworth 1938 Evil Knievel 1959 Richard Roeper 1968 Ziggy Marley 1969  Wyclef Jean  1972 Eminem 1974 Ariel Levy Jump back to Oct. 16: Day in History . View more videos from This Month in History: October ', 'can stay on beat, he really really does what he does," Pizza said. Pizza has worked with hip hop acts including  Wyclef Jean  and Naughty by Nature, but said he has never worked with a middle-aged white man before. Samuels, who met his music ', 'Shriver Jr., who died Tuesday . Former President Bill Clinton, first lady Michelle Obama, U2 front man Bono and singer  Wyclef Jean , along with members of the Kennedy and Shriver families were among those in attendance at Our Lady of Mercy Parish ', 'Sean Penn Criticizes Wyclef Jean  for Haiti Presidential Bid: Should Jean Be Running?', "Hip-hop star  Wyclef Jean 's bid to become Haiti's president about any situation that has to do with  Wyclef Jean  in public, he might just want to pick Our question to you today: Should  Wyclef Jean  be running for the Haitian presidency ", "Oil Spill Gets Star Power: Justin Bieber, Sting to Headline Larry King's Telethon", "and featuring some of music's biggest names, including Jay-Z, Bono, Alicia Keys and Justin Timberlake. Rapper  Wyclef Jean  made it the subject of one of the most ambitious text message and Twitter campaigns to date. It all added up. As of ", "and featuring some of music's biggest names, including Jay-Z, Bono, Alicia Keys and Justin Timberlake. Rapper  Wyclef Jean  made it the subject of one of the most ambitious text message and Twitter campaigns to date. Haiti and Katrina got ", 'received e-mails from the musician  Wyclef Jean  , asking for donations to the earthquake continues, "?My (sic) name is  Wyclef Jean  the chief coordinator of Yele Haiti the bogus e-mail see "From:  Wyclef Jean " at the top of the message. At ', "Clooney holds down the fort in Los Angeles, Haitian native  Wyclef Jean  will host from New York. CNN's Anderson Cooper will Sting, Mary J. Blige, Shakira, Jennifer Hudson and  Wyclef Jean . Los Angeles: Justin Timberlake, Christina Aguilera ", 'Haitian-born musician  Wyclef Jean  has come under intense scrutiny imprudence. Yele, also known as the  Wyclef Jean  Foundation, raised more than who cares more about Haiti than  Wyclef Jean ," said Art Taylor, president ', "already surrounds one small charity, Yele Haiti, which was founded by Haitian-American and Grammy Award winning singer  Wyclef Jean . After reports that Jean's business interests are intertwined with the charity, the singer took to YouTube to defend ", 'Tiger Woods Not Sending Mobile Hospital to Haiti, Still Waiting to Make Donation', "was a stark contrast to comments made by celebrities  Wyclef Jean  and Russell Simmons -- who earlier this week gave details spokeswoman, Lacy Pica, would not comment. Calls made to  Wyclef Jean 's Yele organization for comment were not returned ", "did you hear is not stop. When I got to the United States. in his out of the project woes. The first sounds was obese. of them and news. As was that get back in the house I don't want to listen to this music. And of course there's some reason I started listening to I was upon his son at that time", "When I got to the United States I ten years out of the project was the first sounds are heard was a beast. And can. Prudent to improved 222222. it was that windows get back in the house I don't want to listen to this music. And of course there's some reason I started listened I was group are not"]