['Former Baltimore cop, Mark Haygood and his robot HEX, which he made by recycling electrical equipment. ', 'HEX is four foot, three inches tall and weighs 50 pounds. Haygood fell in love with robots at a young age. "I grew up very poor in Baltimore and every Christmas my mother used to purchase toy robots for me -- the kind that shuffled across the floor, spun around with lights flashing. I thought they were the most marvelous things on the planet," he says.', 'His feet are made from cooking trays and his legs were built using hi-fi speakers. ', "Haygood dismantled fans and power tools to create HEX's arms. He also used a 3D printer to make the hands. ", 'The camera situated inside HEX\'s head will be wired up in the next phase of the project, Haygood says. "I\'m trying to build a machine which is inexpensive so that it can be readily available for high-school age kids." ', 'HEXs hands were a combination of the Inmoov open source design and his own artistic expression, says Haygood. ', 'HEX meets "R2-D2" at a recent Robofest event. Haygood hopes to inspire kids in Baltimore to build robots. ', 'Robot weighs 50 pounds and has a clock radio for a head and cooking trays for feet', '(CNN) -- Take a pair of hi-fi speakers, an old radio, a couple of DVD players and countless other household appliances, apply some ingenuity and what do you get?', "If you're Mark Haygood, an ex-cop turned robot maker, you get HEX -- a four foot, three-inch tall humanoid robot.", '"Frankly, I think of it as a very large toy. I think that mindset helped me get the build done, because it\'s such a daunting task," said Haygood.', "Four years in the making, it's been as much art project as engineering feat, he says, requiring the visualization of the various body parts.", '"The legs are made from outdoor speakers -- they\'re gorgeous. His shoulders are made from fans, his forearms from power tools. The chest and back are made from kid\'s riding toys and his head is a clock radio. I also employed a 3-D printer for the hands, using a combination of the Inmoov open-source design and my own artistic expression," the 49-year-old from Baltimore explains.', '"There are so many diverse parts on the machine that it would take me all day to tell you. It was a really complex build, but I love this machine and I\'m anxious to build another."', "The self-taught roboticist has drawn inspiration from Honda's ASIMO robot and Drexel University's HUBO as well as sounding out opinion at his local hackerspace.", 'Assembling HEX has cost the proverbial arm and a leg -- "tens of thousands of dollars," says Haygood -- and is controlled remotely using a Zigbee USB dongle attached to his laptop.', '"He can step unsupported, but it\'s not completely stable -- I have a slight problem with joint compliance at the moment. But his hands are fully functional, his legs are functional and he has 23 degrees of freedom."', "It's all a far cry from Haygood's previous life as a police officer -- serving the Baltimore Police Department for over two decades before retiring in 2006.", '"I really enjoyed being a cop ... I wanted to go out and lock up the bad guys and that\'s what I did. But policing completely takes over your life. That\'s one of the reasons I got out," he says.', 'The death of his father three years later prompted Haygood to re-evaluate his life and in looking for a new path he turned back to an old passion.', '"I grew up very poor in Baltimore and every Christmas my mother used to purchase toy robots for me -- the kind that shuffled across the floor, spun around with lights flashing. I thought they were the most marvelous things on the planet."', "This was trial by fire. I chose the most difficult thing a person could build and I've learned so much that my brain is just brimming now and ready to goMark Haygood", 'Not content playing with them, Haygood would pull them apart and put them back together in differing configurations.', "It helped numb the pain of poverty, he says, while also keeping him out of trouble -- a trick he's hoping to pull off for a new generation of kids.", "Haygood has already introduced HEX to the robotics club at Baltimore's Dunbar High School and plans future visits to other schools and clubs in the city.", '"Because of the crime problems in Baltimore, it\'s a perfect opportunity to try and snatch some children back from the abyss. That\'s my objective. It\'s a really beautiful thing to be able to introduce robotics to kids."', 'To help spread the message, and the cost, Haygood is launching a Kickstarter campaign. The money raised will be used to iron out flaws as well as document the entire process -- "so anyone can see every nut, bolt and screw," he says.', '"It\'s full speed ahead for me now. This was trial by fire. I chose the most difficult thing a person could build and I\'ve learned so much that my brain is just brimming now and ready to go. I\'m excited for the future."', 'Do you need a new TV, house or limb? All you need is to press print. Take an interactive scroll through to the future of 3D printing.', "See how India's frugal innovators are adapting existing tools and technologies to provide all manner of imaginative low-cost solutions.", "It could easily be a deleted scene from the classic movie, ET, but two British inventors claim to have invented the world's first flying bicycle.", "What's 1,200-years-old, made of wood and responsible for the smart-phone in your pocket? Japan's Toji Pagoda, of course!", 'The inventor of GPS technology, Bradford Parkinson, tells CNN the future of transport is self-driving cars. ', 'It may be constructed from drainage pipes but according to its 18-year-old inventor, this single-person U-boat can plunge to a depth of 30 feet.', "A treasure trove of technological 'firsts', including an incredibly rare Apple 1 computer, goes on auction in Germany", 'How did an ex-cop fashion a fully functioning robot from old hi-fi speakers, DVD players and assorted household items?', "More than 10 billion USB sticks are believed to be in use around the world today ensuring co-inventor, Ajay Bhatt, has a place in tech's unofficial hall of fame.", 'A California tech company has launched a tool that turns a regular iPhone 4 or 4S into a powerful biometrics scanning tool.', 'What\'s four centimeters long, two centimeters high and smaller than the average thumb? The "Little Cyclops" fisheye camera.', 'They are a formidable new force in the tech world -- tween developers with world-class coding skills and firsthand insights into the games kids really want to play.', "The rubber from dandelion roots could be on your car wheels before the decade is out. CNN's Nick Glass visits the Dutch firm pioneering the effort.", 'The notion of self-healing materials might sound a bit "Terminator" -- but the first versions of the technology are destined to hit the market in 2013.']