["Yoko Ono  is well I don't know. Recently outperformed what the which he called the voice art piece at the museum of modern art in new York and it was. As you can imagine quite wonderful. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. change. Yeah it's. Okay.", "Yoko Ono is well -- I don't know. Recently outperformed what the which he called the voice art piece at the museum of modern ", "John Lennon's widow  Yoko Ono  says she's devastated this morning after finding her longtime Taina Hernandez. Her world famous marriage to John Lennon made  Yoko Ono  in nighttime. of that it was making front page news again. As ", "John Lennon's widow Yoko Ono says she's devastated this morning after finding -- her longtime driver violated her trust and threatened her life. That driver is accused of extortion and here with the details ABC's Taina Hernandez. Her world famous marriage to John Lennon made Yoko Ono in nighttime. -- of that it was making front page news again. As a prime. Allegedly extorted by her -- -- -- ", 'police say that it will when he was with The Beatles he did want to be more politically active he needed wanna And I really easy yet playing you me dad. Silly Philly about thinking that they may says we can do it together competing senate. For him to stick out and do it alone plan health field to', "Music new and old came together on Saturday when  Lady Gaga  and Yoko teamed up at a Los Angeles concert to celebrate what would have been the late John Lennon's seventieth Its recently ", "Music -- new and old came together on Saturday when Lady Gaga and Yoko -- teamed up at a Los Angeles concert to celebrate what would have been the late John Lennon's seventieth -- ", "now for the seventh time. The Parole Board cited quote Hollis disregard for the sanctity of human life. Lennon's widow  Yoko Ono  has written to the Parole Board saying she and her family would not feel safe if Chapman was allowed to walk free. And where ", "cited quote Hollis disregard for the sanctity of human life. Lennon's widow Yoko Ono has written to the Parole Board saying she and her family would not feel safe if Chapman was allowed to walk free. ", 'What are you guys you well tell us who are we talking about here what kind of a on this list. Well we run the gamut from  Yoko Ono  to Russell Simmons Kanye West Susan Sarandon and the obvious Michael Moore. Eight and even somebody like Tom Morello from ', 'a -- -- on this list. Well we run the gamut from Yoko Ono to Russell Simmons Kanye West Susan Sarandon and the obvious Michael Moore. Eight and even -- somebody like Tom Morello from a ', "The monument in memory of John Lennon was unveiled an Iceland yesterday by his widow  Yoko Ono . lit up the imagine peace tower on an island near the Icelandic capital's harbor and what is in London 67 birthday. The plan ", "memory of John Lennon was unveiled an Iceland yesterday by his widow Yoko Ono . -- lit up the imagine peace tower on an island near the Icelandic capital's harbor and -- what is in London 67 ", "of context and published and I still received death threats. From Beatles fans and years later I sat down at a table with  Yoko Ono  and And they were. They were teasing me about. And I was apologizing and and they verbally Michael calm down it's okay ", 'Beatles fans and years later I sat down at a table with Yoko Ono and -- -- And they were. They were teasing me about. And I was apologizing and and they verbally Michael calm down ', "would have been John Lennon's seventieth birthday his widow  Yoko Ono  said he dreaded turning forty but thinking of seventy made You know that wasn't really a thing that you saw so much.  Yoko Ono  has said she's surprised by all the activity around her husband's ", "Tomorrow would have been John Lennon's seventieth birthday his widow Yoko Ono said he dreaded turning forty but thinking of seventy made him smile. So with the celebrations coming peaceful musical all over the ", "You know that wasn't really a thing that you saw so much. Yoko Ono has said she's surprised by all the activity around her husband's birthday. But it is a testament to his enduring appeal. Life ", "would've been John Lennon's seventieth birthday his widow  Yoko Ono  said he dreaded turning forty but thinking of seventy made You know that wasn't really a thing that you saw so much.  Yoko Ono  has said she's surprised by all the activity around her husband's ", "the bright light. Tomorrow would've been John Lennon's seventieth birthday his widow Yoko Ono said he dreaded turning forty but thinking of seventy made him smile. So with the celebrations coming peaceful musical all over the ", "You know that wasn't really a thing that you saw so much. Yoko Ono has said she's surprised by all the activity around her husband's birthday. But it is a testament to his enduring appeal. Life ", "would have been John Lennon's seventieth birthday his widow  Yoko Ono  said he dreaded turning forty but thinking of seventy made You know that wasn't really a thing that you saw so much.  Yoko Ono  has said she's surprised by all the activity around her husband's ", "Tomorrow would have been John Lennon's seventieth birthday his widow Yoko Ono said he dreaded turning forty but thinking of seventy made him smile. So with the celebrations coming peaceful musical all over the ", "You know that wasn't really a thing that you saw so much. Yoko Ono has said she's surprised by all the activity around her husband's birthday. But it is a testament to his enduring appeal. Life ", 'It was the first major landscape be designed by the Central Park conservancy. Thanks to a one million dollar donation by  Yoko Ono . Park historian Sarah cedar just finished a book about. This area he raised his son here. A day you love Central Park you ', 'the Central Park conservancy. Thanks to a one million dollar donation by Yoko Ono . Park historian Sarah cedar just finished a book about. This area he raised his son here. A day you love Central Park ', "nothing they could do. And once again the suspect is in custody  Yoko Ono  was here with John when he was brought in she was at his side killed this evening at the age of forty leaves behind his widow  Yoko Ono  and this won't job.", 'nothing they could do. And once again the suspect is in custody Yoko Ono was here with John -- when he was brought in she was at his side. And the hospital has been pretty much ', "killed this evening at the age of forty leaves behind his widow Yoko Ono and this won't job. ", 'On this very night twenty years ago in fact at this very moment John Lennon and his wife  Yoko Ono . being given the short distance from recording studio to the New York City apartment. destiny waiting. Really you when you heard ', 'ago in fact at this very moment John Lennon and his wife Yoko Ono . -- -- being given the short distance from recording studio to the New York City apartment. -- destiny waiting. Really you when ', "wouldn't my favorite in there is you want to  Yoko Ono  and asked her why The Beatles broke that's question why did Beatles break up and  Yoko Ono  herself and she did better answer because and you know. Some people might blame  Yoko Ono  for breaking up the field took it. Roche ", "people who normally wouldn't my favorite in there is you want to Yoko Ono and asked her why The Beatles broke that's right. Well I tried to get someone to answer question who's actually experienced. The answer in the Paper back about an a plus we have somebody was actually run -- by car and stung by a -- about it and hardcover. But who better than to answer the question why did Beatles break up and Yoko Ono herself and she did better answer because they all grew up wanted to go to do their own thing and they did -- a nice thought about growing up and you know. Some people might blame Yoko Ono for breaking up the field -- -- took it. Roche died dean let's get some more of your good questions here what "]