['Children\'s Chorus and the cathedral\'s choir will perform at the front of the church this morning. American cellist  Yo - Yo Ma  is also expected to play. The cathedral seats more than 2,000 people. It is the "mother church" of the Roman Catholic ', 'Star-Spangled Banner." It\'s not the first time for synced music at an Obama inauguration. In 2009, the cellist  Yo - Yo Ma  and the violinist Itzhak Perlman, because of cold and wind, did not play the version of John Williams\' "Air and Simple ', 'Magazine\'s 21 sexiest men of 2012. The former Utah Governor shares the distinction with actor George Clooney and musician  Yo - Yo Ma  as part of the magazine\'s "Men on Fire 2012? series. Huntsman was the only politician to make the list. "Your ', "Elizabeth II in Buckingham palace, a duet with soul singer Aretha Franklin for charity and a performance alongside cellist  Yo - Yo Ma  in concert at Washington's Constitution Hall. Kevin Winter/Getty Images 2. Bill Clinton The former president of ", 'Schwarzenegger became the governor-elect. Famous Birthdays 1931 Desmond Tutu 1943 Oliver North 1951 John Mellencamp 1955  Yo - Yo Ma  1959 Simon Cowell 1964 Dan Savage 1968 Thom Yorke 1976 Taylor Hicks Jump back to Oct. 6: Day in History . View more ', 'then read from Psalm 46, which starts, " God is our refuge and strength ." The ceremony also included performances by  Yo - Yo Ma , James Taylor and Paul Simon. Among the crowd gathering at the memorial plaza this morning were children too young ', 'their first pops concert and first classics concert. A now cancelled April performance with world-renowned cellist  Yo - Yo Ma  sold out too. Changing Musical Tastes According to the National Endowment for the Arts, in the last 25 years paid concert ', 'first defining moment that sort of set off this road of my life as a musician was when I was 5," she said. "I saw  Yo - Yo Ma  on "Mr. Roger\'s Neighborhood. When I saw that, I said hey, I want to do music." She taught herself to play the ', "Earlier multi Grammy winning cellist  Yo - Yo ma  is celebrating the holiday this season with a CD you on friends' songs of joy and peace now guest artists on this album include ", "Earlier multi Grammy winning cellist Yo-Yo ma is celebrating the holiday this season with a CD you -- -- on friends' songs of joy and peace now guest artists ", "means Watch Kelly Clarkson closely here. It's so hard she mount congratulating There is a precedent Yitzhak Perlman  Yo - Yo ma  played air violin and cello that Obama's first inaugural. It was cold enough that snapped the string on a stradivarius ", "hard she mount congratulating -- -- There is a precedent Yitzhak Perlman Yo-Yo ma played air violin and cello that Obama's first inaugural. It was cold enough that -- snapped the string on a stradivarius. And "]