["House. ABC's Mary Bruce notes that the president records three radio interviews with Al Sharpton, Joe Madison and  Yolanda Adams . At 12:30 pm ET Vice President Biden delivers the keynote address at a conference on the federal response to gun ", "American Heart Association spokesperson and television personality Star Jones Actress Angela Bassett Gospel singer  Yolanda Adams  Rep and Iraq War veteran Tammy Duckworth, D-Ill. Philadelphia Mayor Michael Nutter The World Children's Choir ", 'Artist - Big Sean Best Male R&B Artist - Chris Brown Best Collaboration - Wale (featuring Miguel) Best Gospel -  Yolanda Adams  Best Female R&B Artist - Beyonce Best Female Hip Hop Artist - Nicki Minaj Lifetime Achievement Award - Maze (featuring ', 'Welch of Florence and the Machine with "Think." Jennifer Hudson tackled the iconic "Respect", and gospel great  Yolanda Adams  rounded things out with "Spirit in the Dark." The ladies closed with the empowering "Sisters Are Doin\' It for ', 'Tie and Boots Ball in the evening. The ball begins at 8:00 pm ET and features performances from Robert Earl Keen,  Yolanda Adams , Del Castillo, Lyle Lovett, Clay Walker, Neal McCoy; Asleep at the Wheel, the Derailers and the Gourds. If organizers ', 'Gospel Album: Spirit of the Century, The Blind Boys of Alabama Contemporary Soul Gospel Album: The Experience,  Yolanda Adams  Gospel Choir or Chorus Album: Love Is Live!, LFT Church Choir, Hezekiah Walker, choir director Latin Pop Album ', 'featured Paul McCartney, Barry Manilow, Marc Anthony, Mary J. Blige, Patti LaBelle, James Ingram, Wynonna,  Yolanda Adams  and Mariah Carey. Carey, wearing a long, royal blue dress, performed the national anthem for the first time, and ', 'Brothers, Nelly Furtado, Moby, Lou Reed, Shelby Lynne, Stone Temple Pilots, Seal, Marc Anthony, Cyndi Lauper, and  Yolanda Adams . Beck has dropped out of the event due to scheduling conflicts. Reuters contributed to this story.', 'Brothers, Nelly Furtado, Moby, Lou Reed, Shelby Lynne, Stone Temple Pilots, Seal, Marc Anthony, Cyndi Lauper, and  Yolanda Adams . Beck has dropped out of the event due to scheduling conflicts. Reuters contributed to this story.', 'Brothers, Nelly Furtado, Moby, Lou Reed, Shelby Lynne, Stone Temple Pilots, Seal, Marc Anthony, Cyndi Lauper, and  Yolanda Adams . Beck has dropped out of the event due to scheduling conflicts. Reuters contributed to this story.', 'Brothers, Nelly Furtado, Moby, Lou Reed, Shelby Lynne, Stone Temple Pilots, Seal, Marc Anthony, Cyndi Lauper, and  Yolanda Adams . Beck has dropped out of the event due to scheduling conflicts. Reuters contributed to this story.', 'Brothers, Nelly Furtado, Moby, Lou Reed, Shelby Lynne, Stone Temple Pilots, Seal, Marc Anthony, Cyndi Lauper, and  Yolanda Adams . Beck has dropped out of the event due to scheduling conflicts. Reuters contributed to this story.']