['Scientists have unraveled the genetic code of a malaria parasite that sickens hundreds of millions of people each year, a step that may lead to better treatment and a vaccine. The bug, known to researchers as Plasmodium vivax, is the main cause of malaria in Latin America and Southeast Asia,', "George W. Bush, in particular. Last week Bush met with Bono, music producer Bob Geldorf and Senegalese singer  Youssou N ' Dour  before the start of the G-8 summit of major industrialized nations, which was held in Germany. With his low public ", "Travers Reports: President Bush met with Irish rocker/activist Bono, music producer Bob Geldof and Senegalese singer  Youssou N ' Dour  Wednesday at the Kempinski Grand Hotel Heiiligendamm in Germany, site of the G8 meetings. Bush, Bono, Geldof and ", "Travers Reports: President Bush met with Irish rocker/activist Bono, music producer Bob Geldof and Senegalese singer  Youssou N ' Dour  Wednesday at the Kempinski Grand Hotel Heiiligendamm in Germany, site of the G8 meetings. Bush, Bono, Geldof and ", 'Rome, Toronto, Tokyo, Johannesburg, Moscow, Scotland and Philadelphia. Gabriel, along with Senegalese musician  Youssou N \' Dour , will host "Africa Calling," and the concert will include African performers such as Maryam Mursal, Salif Keita ', "worldwide festival series will be held July 27-29 in Redmond, Wash. Also on the bill are the Neville Brothers,  Youssou N ' Dour , Steel Pulse, and David Lindley. Tickets for the festival go on sale Friday through Ticketmaster and the festival ", "worldwide festival series will be held July 27-29 in Redmond, Wash. Also on the bill are the Neville Brothers,  Youssou N ' Dour , Steel Pulse, and David Lindley. Tickets for the festival go on sale Friday through Ticketmaster and the festival ", "worldwide festival series will be held July 27-29 in Redmond, Wash. Also on the bill are the Neville Brothers,  Youssou N ' Dour , Steel Pulse, and David Lindley. Tickets for the festival go on sale Friday through Ticketmaster and the festival ", "worldwide festival series will be held July 27-29 in Redmond, Wash. Also on the bill are the Neville Brothers,  Youssou N ' Dour , Steel Pulse, and David Lindley. Tickets for the festival go on sale Friday through Ticketmaster and the festival ", "worldwide festival series will be held July 27-29 in Redmond, Wash. Also on the bill are the Neville Brothers,  Youssou N ' Dour , Steel Pulse, and David Lindley. Tickets for the festival go on sale Friday through Ticketmaster and the festival ", "worldwide festival series will be held July 27-29 in Redmond, Wash. Also on the bill are the Neville Brothers,  Youssou N ' Dour , Steel Pulse, and David Lindley. Tickets for the festival go on sale Friday through Ticketmaster and the festival ", "worldwide festival series will be held July 27-29 in Redmond, Wash. Also on the bill are the Neville Brothers,  Youssou N ' Dour , Steel Pulse, and David Lindley. Tickets for the festival go on sale Friday through Ticketmaster and the festival "]