['It might look like a a mixture between a spaceship and the Concorde, but this futuristic vessel is in fact the award-winning superyacht Adastra.', 'The luxury boat -- valued at $15 million -- has just picked up three prizes, including Best Naval Architecture, at the prestigious ShowBoats Design Awards in Monaco.', "The high-tech boat features three prongs -- a slimline hull and two 'wings,' allowing it to glide over the water with ease. The remarkable design creates less drag -- and less fuel consumption.", '"You may think it looks unusual, but it\'s very logical to us -- the big aim was to create an ocean-going boat with good fuel consumption," said co-designer John Shuttleworth.', '"Extensive tank testing and radio controlled model tests in waves were carried out to analyze stability and performance," said co-designer Orion Shuttleworth.', 'The luxury vessel includes an iPad controller, allowing the owner to control the boat remotely from up to 50 meters away.', 'The elegant interior was created by Hong Kong-based firm, Jepsen Designs. The team "draws from Scandinavian modern design principles fused with Eastern accents."', '"Inevitably, there has to be a trend for reducing fuel consumption -- and I think superyachts will have to look something like this in the future," said John Shuttleworth.', "Editor's note: MainSail is CNN's monthly sailing show, exploring the sport of sailing, luxury travel and the latest in design and technology.", "(CNN) -- With her curved 'wings,' long pointed nose, and gleaming underbelly propped high above the waves, this space-age yacht might be better suited to the sky than the sea.", 'Just a few square meters of the futuristic vessel -- valued at $15 million -- actually touch the surface of the water, allowing it to skim across the waves with ease.', 'The innovative design, along with high-tech features such as an iPad-controller, helped glossy "Adastra" win three prizes at last week\'s prestigious ShowBoats Design Awards in Monaco, including Best Naval Architecture.', 'The yachting world is clearly impressed. The honor follows a prize for the Most Innovative Design at the 2013 World Superyacht Awards earlier this year.', 'So could this alien shape -- resembling something between a spaceship and the Concorde supersonic plane -- be the future of superyacht design?', '"The superyacht industry is pretty traditional," designer John Shuttleworth, told CNN. "But the establishment has given a \'yes\' to this idea which is a huge step forward."', '"Inevitably, there has to be a trend for reducing fuel consumption -- and I think superyachts will have to look something like this in the future. Initially I don\'t think economics will drive it -- these are wealthy owners and cost isn\'t an issue. Instead, it will be from an ethical, environmental point of view."', 'Billionaire shipping magnate Anton Marden is believed to be the proud owner of the plush 42.5-meter vessel, which took more than five years to design and build.', 'The Hong Kong-based mogul and wife Elaine will be able to remotely control their luxury yacht from up to 50 meters away, simply by sweeping their hand over an iPad.', 'Our new designs incorporate lots of space to accommodate jet skis, sailing boats, kayaks, paddle boards and other toysOrion Shuttleworth, co-exterior designer ', 'If you want to appeal to the mega rich, such flashy gadgets -- and room to house them -- are now an essential part of superyacht architecture.', '"We have recently seen an increase in new and exciting superyacht toys on the market and clients are increasingly looking for more space to house these," said co-exterior designer Orion Shuttleworth.', '"Our new designs incorporate lots of space to accommodate jet skis, sailing boats, kayaks, paddle boards and other toys."', 'With just 20% of the enormous 52-ton boat submerged in water, Adastra is able to glide along the waves without the same drag as traditional superyachts, hitting up to 43 kilometers per hour.', 'It also means the vessel, made from a super-light glass and carbon material, consumes a lot less fuel -- around 14% of a conventional superyacht the same size.', '"Adastra\'s longer, slender main hull has extremely low drag, which is why she is so fuel efficient," explained Orion.', '"The smooth, seamless, unbroken surfaces also help to reduce weight," he said of the boat, which can travel up to 6,400 kilometers -- the same distance from London to New York -- without refueling.', 'Introducing Asfar, the 30-meter superyacht used by pop princess Beyonce during a holiday in Dubai. For around $100,000 a week, you could sailing the Gulf in the very same boat.', "Many wealthy superyacht owners use their luxury vessels just a few times a year. And if you've got cash to splash, you could hire the same elegant boats used by the world's A-list celebrities, such as this one used by Beyonce.", "If you've ever wanted to be treated like a princess on holiday, this is the superyacht for you. The iconic M/Y Grace was the vessel of choice for Princess Grace and Prince Rainier of Monaco during their honeymoon in 1956.", 'Today, the luxurious boat has been refitted with nine staterooms and a top-deck hot tub. Guests can enjoy fine dining as the yacht winds its way around the exotic Galapagos Islands. ', 'Musician P. Diddy knows how to holiday in style, chartering opulent superyacht Solemates. The high-tech vessel features an iPad controller, aromatherapy shower and an award-winning on board chef.', 'The spectacular boat is not for the faint hearted, costing $686,00 per week in July and August. Then there are expenses, estimated at around $137,000. ', 'If only the Honey Fitz could talk, the stories this presidential yacht could tell. Built over 80 years ago, the pretty wooden boat has served five U.S. presidents and after a recent makeover is now available for hire by the public.', "The Honey Fitz's most famous owner was John F. Kennedy, who would spend Easter and Christmas holidays on the yacht in Palm Springs, Florida.", "Business magnate Richard Branson's elegant 32-meter catamaran includes four luxury suites, a roof-top diving board and scuba equipment.", 'The state-of-the-art vessel also includes three-person mini sub, "Necker Nymph," for underwater exploration. ', 'It might look like a spaceship, but this remarkable design is in fact a luxury underwater hotel.', 'The brainchild of Polish designers Deep Ocean Technology (DOT), the futuristic building features saucer-like lounges connected to 21 underwater bedrooms.', 'The sleek design, which can cost up to $50 million, is now set to be built on the remote tropical island of Kuredhivaru in the Maldives. ', '"The biggest challenge is to sink the hotel," said designer Pawel Podwojewski. "In this case, we\'ll take care of the construction, which means the underwater hotel will be completed in Poland and shipped to Maldives."', 'The unique structure may plunge 30-meters below the water, but its luxury facilities are sky-high, including a helicopter landing pad, opulent restaurant and rooftop swimming pool.', 'Guests can enjoy views of vibrant coral reefs and sea creatures, all from the comfort of their bedroom.', 'More adventurous guests can dive straight into the water from a special airlock compartment, including its own decompression chamber.', 'The lounges are connected by a glass tunnel. In an emergency, the doughnut-shaped underwater room can slide to the surface of the ocean. ', 'The unique hotel may soon be built in the United Arab Emirates, with Dubai construction company Drydocks now in negotiations with designers. ', 'Skimming across the water at 95 kilometers per hour, with its giant wings stretched out over the waves, it would be easy to mistake this sleek machine for a plane preparing to take off.', 'In fact, the record-breaking vessel -- called Hydroptere -- is one of the fastest sailboats in the world, harnessing wind power much the same as an airplane.', 'The brainchild of French sailor Alain Thebault (pictured), the state-of-the-art yacht features a 28-meter mast -- roughly the same height as the Christ the Redeemer statue in Rio de Janeiro in Brazil.', "Named after the Greek words for water (hydros) and wing (ptere), the innovative vessel broke the World Sailing Speed Record in 2009, notching up 95 kilometers per hour over 500 meters. That record was broken by Australian Paul Larsen's Vestas Sailrocket last year, which hit 121 kilometers per hour. But the battle for the fastest sailboat isn't over yet...", 'Later this month the Hydroptere team hope to break the record for the fastest crossing of the Pacific, between Los Angeles and Honolulu. Compatriot Olivier de Kersauson currently holds the record for the fastest crossing of four days and 19 hours, set in 2005. Thebault aims to beat that time by at least 24 hours.', 'Hydroptere features six-meter wings called "floats." Once in full flight, just 2.5 square meters of the boat are in contact with the water. "We use hydrofoil wings, which lift up with the wind," Thebault told CNN. "It\'s exactly the same as an airplane -- we reduce drag and increase acceleration."', 'Submerged beneath the wings are foils which lift the boat out of the water, giving it its speed. The streamlined seven and a half ton boat can shoot from 37 kilometers per hour to 83 kilometers per hour in just 10 seconds.', 'While the Hydroptere easily zips across flat water, one of the biggest challenges for the crew in the upcoming transpacific challenge will be negotiating waves around four-meters high. "Twenty years ago everyone said it\'s not possible to make a boat fly. I did it. Now they\'re saying it\'s not possible to make it fly over swell. I will do it again," Thebault said. ', 'The ambitious project has been more than 25 years in the making, with 50-year-old Thebault saying it cost "20 years of passion and a few million euros." The father-of-three recently sold his home to help finance the scheme.', 'As a youngster growing up in a children\'s home in France, Thebault dreamed of making a sail boat lift off. "I felt like I was living in a jail and I wanted to fly," he said, pictured here with a model boat outside the Palace of Versailles in 1985. ', '"I grew up in a home for children with no parents -- my father was living in Africa and my mother was in a psychiatric house," said Thebault. "I discovered freedom through windsurfing."', "Despite Thebault's success, it hasn't all been smooth sailing. In 1994 Hydroptere broke the speed record at a whopping 104 kilometers per hour -- unfortunately capsizing shortly after. ", "In fact, the three-pronged design -- featuring a slim hull and two 'wings' -- is similar to the world's fastest sailboat Hydroptere, which broke the speed record in 2009 at 95 kilometers per hour.", "Step inside the sleek Adastra and you'll find all the luxury of a five-star hotel, including five elegant bedrooms and four bathrooms.", 'The plush yacht also features a saloon, a lounge and an industrial kitchen. The rear deck has an open-air bar, allowing guests to gaze out at the water while they enjoy a cocktail.', 'At night, the glowing underbelly of the boat lights up in neon blue, giving it the impression of a futuristic spacecraft.', 'If the reams of recent awards are anything to go by, this yachting future could be a lot closer than you think.', "What do you do when there's no room to build your dream five-star hotel? Answer: Create a $200m yacht hotel.", "With the launch of the gleaming new Azzam, Russian billionaire Roman Abramovich can no longer lay claim to being the owner of the world's largest superyacht.", 'MainSail takes a look at the life, legacy and achievements of the extraordinary British sailing Olympian Andrew "Bart" Simpson.', "He's fired darts at a gray whale, sped through St Petersburg in an F1 car, and taken a supersonic flight in a bomber jet.", "Jacques Cousteau's grandson, Fabien, plans to live in an underwater lab for 31 days to explore the deep-sea.", 'If this yacht could talk, one can only imagine the stories it would tell about one of the most high-profile romances of the 20th century.', 'With her curved wings and gleaming underbelly high above the waves, this space-age yacht might be better suited to the sky than the sea.', 'From Beyonce to Grace Kelly, now you can sail the seas on the very same superyachts used by the rich and famous.', 'The tour brings together superpowers from the worlds of both sailing and global business to enable amateur sailors to race with pro-sailors.', 'A naval ship has been turned into an underwater gallery featuring photographs of retro sailors and glamorous girls in a ghostly fantasy world.', 'With its luminous body hovering above the water, and five spidery legs plunging deep into the sea, this futuristic building could be in a sci-fi film.', 'Explorer James Cameron makes history after becoming the first person to reach the deepest point of the ocean solo. ', "Can you imagine a world where the sun never sets? For scientists in Antarctica, that's what they encountered."]