['Rampling, "Restless," Sundance Channel; Alfre Woodard, "Steel Magnolias," Lifetime. Reality Program: " Antiques Roadshow ," PBS; "Deadliest Catch," Discovery Channel; "Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives," Food Network; "MythBusters ', 'spotted it and understood it was important," Chartock said. "There\'s all kinds of stuff. If you ever watch \' Antiques Roadshow ,\' you know they love to see all of this stuff together: a picture of the whole platoon, combat medals, and a ', 'In the tales of trash to treasure made famous by shows like " Antiques Roadshow " and the DIY decorating craze, a recent sale at Sotheby\'s may top them all. A rare Chinese bowl purchased at a tag sale in ', 'Just like a scene out of " Antiques Roadshow ," a woman in Hartford, Conn., turned in an old rifle to her local police station\'s gun buy-back, only to discover the ', "can rest assured they'll continue getting their Daily Letter, fans of other PBS programs such as Frontline and  Antiques Roadshow  may not be so lucky. About 15 percent of PBS's budget comes from federal funds. But for many rural stations ", 'Hopkins of WGBH, the PBS station that produces the show, in a statement to ABC News. Mark Wahlberg, who hosts " Antiques Roadshow ," will be now be the voice on Willard\'s episodes, Hopkins said. The decision to drop Willard came less than ', 'antiques experts Leigh and Leslie Keno bring their  Antiques Roadshow  pedigree to Fox. At first blush, Buried Treasure sounds like a version of  Antiques Roadshow , only the Kenos visit the owners in their homes ', 'PBS\'s " Antiques Roadshow " had not seen an appraisal like this in its 16 years of production. A man arrived at the interview with KTUL. The episode will air next year as part of the 16th season of the " Antiques Roadshow ."', 'mum on specific objects, but he said viewers can expect to see "everything from the kinds of antiques you see on  Antiques Roadshow  to the kind of art you see in a museum, to the kind of jewelry you see on your favorite celebrity, to the kind of ', 'the diversity of the American states. In 2003, Spencer signed on as host of the most-watched series on PBS, " Antiques Roadshow ," which she hosted for two seasons, while working for "GMA," and then "The Insider." She left when she gave ', 'correspondent and many of us remember her spirited 50 state road trip in a bright red convertible. Lara also hosted  Antiques Roadshow  on PBS. In 2003, Lara moved to The Insider as co-anchor in New York and later as solo anchor in Los Angeles ', 'revisits the first Carter Work Project in New York.  Antiques Roadshow : Trash to Treasure PBS, Dec. 15, 8 p.m. ET to have something on the TV in the background like  Antiques Roadshow , where experts assess the value of objects brought ', 'bucks from auctioning off theirs in coming years should avoid investing too much, according to Philip Weiss with the  Antiques Roadshow . "They will have minimal value because everyone is going to save them," he says. "What makes collectibles valuable ', '$1 milllion Rhino Horn cups are highest valued items ever on  Antiques Roadshow .', "Mexican artist Diego Rivera. And it's worth 800000. Wow between 800000 a million dollars he just goes he takes its  antiques roadshow  and hey it's That that is how much. it was worth apparently is great grandparents fled back in 1920 and it's ", "Wow between 800000 a million dollars he just goes he takes its antiques roadshow and hey it's -- That that is how much. -- it was worth apparently is great grandparents fled back in 1920 and ", "by the way. Zero. We're taking it from there are starting right here. At the GMA studios say hello. She like  antiques roadshow  police timing out. It always feels good he can never call them. But even better when you know. That began to kick ", 'right here. At the GMA studios say hello. She -- -- like antiques roadshow police timing out. It always feels good he can never call them. But even better when you know. -- -- -- -- ', "885000. we've seen everything is possible in the world of collecting coats. From cleaning out her closet like  antiques roadshow  police timing to Josh visiting the host of CDC shows. The Cameron mathison hitting the theater district. It's ", "the world of collecting coats. From -- cleaning out her closet like antiques roadshow police timing -- to Josh visiting the host of CDC shows. The Cameron mathison hitting the theater district. It's been a lot ", "don't think I can hit me. At the time we now trying to get done my birth weight back but perhaps penniless French  antiques roadshow  timing out. I'm humor. Maybe someone can mean them. Things I have Mountain man. And you can just a few bars ", "trying to get done my birth weight back but perhaps penniless French antiques roadshow -- timing out. I'm humor. Maybe someone can mean -- them. Things I have -- Mountain man. And you can just a ", "its brand new world news now this matter I don't play at some morning Paper as you start with us. A story about  antiques roadshow  turns in the also stopped recently. The most expensive most valuable items came up in that shows sixteen years why ", 'at some morning Paper as you start with us. A story about antiques roadshow turns -- in the -- also stopped recently. The most expensive most valuable items came up in that shows sixteen years why ', 'They cannot get your autograph that that your mind here I mean I had tears. she never saw a grown man cry over  antiques roadshow . I think our angles and me we caught up with the American stickers on a recent rainy Sunday in Saint Louis camera ', 'I had tears. -- she never saw a grown man cry over antiques roadshow . I think our angles and me we caught up with the American stickers on a recent rainy Sunday in Saint Louis -- ']