["As relief workers struggled to deliver aid to flood-ravaged Pakistan, the UN confirmed Saturday that waterborne diseases including cholera have broken out. NBC's Stephanie Gosk reports. ", 'This content comes from Closed Captioning that was broadcast along with this program.', ', a humanitarian catastrophe is unfolding after the worst flooding in decades. the ', ' estimates 6 million people still need food, water and shelter and have not received any assistance at all. now the ', ' say the terrain there is beautiful but deadly. the gorges are deep and the weather changes quickly. it is also where an estimated 100,000 people have been trapped since the floods hit just over two weeks ago, washing away every bridge. most of the 1,400 people killed by the raging water died here.', 'disease is spreading. today the first case of cholera was confirmed and thousands of children are sick with diarrhea. the ', ' to focus their relief effort in swat. in the last nine days, u.s. helicopters have evacuated more than 3,000 people and delivered 180 tons of food.', "they're thrilled. i have more volunteering to come out to come over here and help still in afghanistan, still wanting to come.", 'today we joined his team and ran into the same problem that has grounded more than half of their flights -- rain. we just got word that we have to turn around. clouds have moved into the ', " and it's now too unsafe to land, a good indication of just how difficult it is to bring aid to people that are stranded there. back on base, the marines have just arrived to take over the effort. flown in from the u.s. in the ", '. 19 helicopters in total. the commander of the operation acknowledges that they have a difficult job ahead.', "the notion that it's taking time to get to some of the people that have been affected is not surprising to me. this is a historically large disaster.", ', they delivered flour and high-nutrient biscuits and evacuated the neediest, many of them hungry, sick and homeless. a successful day, weather permitting, they hope to do it again tomorrow. stephanie gosk, nbc news, ']