['Tony Bennett  what He has been a big star for loan because of his voice. The beauty about  Tony Bennett  as you see in this interview as everyone undoubtedly. His longevity. And now like 85  Tony Bennett  burst into the digital age with his new ', 'Tony Bennett what He has been a big star for loan losses have been alive six decades more than fifteen million records sold is ', "so long ago. Not just because of his voice. The beauty about Tony Bennett as you see in this interview as everyone knows is this man has made it into business. Without ever compromising quality. He sold more than fifty million records won every award periods but his legacy is undoubtedly. His longevity. And now like 85 Tony Bennett burst into the digital age with his new duets album going viral before it even hits stores you're going viral. What they ", "was -- team that these. Young hot stars. All wanna sing with Tony Bennett . I think with -- this is my longevity. They they noted right now but. What about six months from now. It's interesting ", "Singing legend  Tony Bennett  made some eye opening remarks about the war on terror during an interview with Howard Stern. That I was on Stern's Sirius radio ", "Singing legend Tony Bennett made some eye opening remarks about the war on terror during an interview with Howard Stern. That I was on Stern's Sirius ", 'Singer clarifies comments and expresses "desire for peace throughout the world."', 'In Saturday and this is. My signature songs I lift my San Francisco because you. It may be an international artists and saying that all over the world. People. Until of of this Saudi Arabia. Everywhere you name it and and then as a result of that song. We grew up during depressant. And when people', "grew up during the And we obliterated in those cities. friendly and elected. Member that was over and I was in the united exists. In the influenced me. And ministers. And and was. There's. No Armstrong. Less than blues. And he invented in popular music everything that we that whether it's hip hop.", 'letters. Among them, our special guest this morning,  tony bennett . Hi. How are you? Happy thanksgiving, belatedly she thinks the song is written for her. Very great.  Tony bennett , thanks so much for being here this morning. Thank ', "and their owners writing letters. Among them, our special guest this morning, tony bennett . Hi. How are you? Happy thanksgiving, belatedly. Thank you so much. It's a great book. Robin, how did you get the idea ", 'birthday." And she thinks the song is written for her. Very great. Tony bennett , thanks so much for being here this morning. Thank you very much. Robin, this is a great book. And dog lovers would ', 'Chris Rock,  Tony Bennett , Adam Scott and Amanda Peet join lawmakers in gun law reform push.', "celebrity message. If you something you get involved so if for once in your life. You're getting politically active  Tony Bennett  could be calling because of each game yet. on how long would the Brady campaign is asking you to text mind boys. 877877 ", "involved so if for once in your life. You're getting politically active Tony Bennett could be calling because of -- each game yet. -- -- on how long would the Brady campaign is asking you to ", "because I'm up against the kennedy center honers and rock and roll hall of fame. Betty white's 90th birthday party.  Tony bennett  duets, I'm screwed, america. Just go have fun. I'm going have fun and get a great rented dress. We'll see ", "and rock and roll hall of fame. Betty white's 90th birthday party. Tony bennett duets, I'm screwed, america. Just go have fun. I'm going have fun and get a great rented dress. We'll see you on ", "to hear a little more of her. Because back in March actually film this duet called body and soul with the legendary  Tony Bennett  he's putting on his new album that's gonna come out September 20. To coincide with his 85 birthday believe it or ", "March actually film this duet called body and soul with the legendary Tony Bennett he's putting on his new album that's gonna come out September 20. To coincide with his 85 birthday believe it or not ", "Hello good evening ladies and gentlemen and happy Thanksgiving. I'd to introduce you tonight the one and only mr.  Tony Bennett  and let it. The track. Yeah. See And yeah yeah. Asian Americans. It is just. Okay. Okay. Would you And that's ", "Thanksgiving. I'd -- to introduce you tonight the one and only mr. Tony Bennett and let it. The track. -- Yeah. See -- And yeah yeah. -- ", "able to hear a little more of her. Because back in March actually film this called body and soul with the legendary  Tony Bennett  he's putting on his new album is gonna come out September 20. To coincide with his 85 birthday believe it or not ", "March actually film this -- called body and soul with the legendary Tony Bennett he's putting on his new album is gonna come out September 20. To coincide with his 85 birthday believe it or not. ", "Beyonce's Pregnant: 'Single Ladies' Superstar Announces on VMA Stage as Jay-Z Looks On", 'Perry. Well with a box. of moments viewers got to see one of Amy Winehouse is last recording sessions a jazz duet with  Tony Bennett . We. Show. It certainly was on night full of moments from remembering Amy Winehouse to Beyonce is big news. And ', 'one of Amy Winehouse is last recording sessions a jazz duet with Tony Bennett . We. Show. It certainly was on night full of moments from remembering Amy Winehouse to Beyonce is big news. And everything in ', "tribute to Amy Winehouse and now is very yeah I'm  Tony Bennett  up there as really. Kept everyone's attention. Yeah Brand gave a beautiful beautiful speech about her and  Tony Bennett  I mean it amazingly got to see a little snippet of the ", "had a tribute to Amy Winehouse and now is very yeah I'm Tony Bennett up there as really. Kept everyone's attention. Yeah I mean you know Russell Brand gave a beautiful beautiful speech about her and Tony Bennett I mean it amazingly got to see a little snippet of the video. She you know He was -- -- artists that ", "it days. it done but what's cool. Itself and it live on. Don't get around that sent him  Tony Bennett 's voice and you know it's  Tony Bennett  no one else you can sense folks.", "cool. Itself and it live on. Don't get around that sent him Tony Bennett's voice and you know it's Tony Bennett -- no one else you can sense folks. ", 'vowed to dissuade Abbas. Joining me now a big player in the told envoy to the peace process British prime minister  Tony Bennett . Welcome to this week bet. Thank you so is there any way of avoiding this or is this a done. A proposition they will ', 'in the told envoy to the peace process -- British prime minister Tony Bennett . Welcome to this week -- bet. Thank you so is there any way of avoiding this or is this a done. A ', 'Vietnam and vowed to dissuade Abbas. Joining me now a big player in the envoy to the peace process British prime minister  Tony Bennett . Welcome to this week missed bet. Thank you so is any way of avoiding this or is this a done. I proposition they ', "for an alternative to surgery but there was no way so he's canceled. A number of concerts a clean an appearance of  Tony Bennett  his album has been pushed back. To next year we wish him. Speedy recovery had a commission for a little also all the ", "he's canceled. A number of concerts a clean -- an appearance of Tony Bennett his album has been pushed back. To next year we wish him. Speedy recovery had a commission for a little also all ", "Regis Philbin Discusses Retiring, New Book As Days Count Down to His Final Show Hosting 'Live'", "he said I didn't. Thousands. Of dollars of under the table money he finally let me let do this. So aren't with  Tony Bennett  today Teddy event it was on the what a thrill he offered to sing a song with me you know little go by thing. And divert ", "he finally let me let -- do this. So aren't -- with Tony Bennett today Teddy -- event it was on the -- what a thrill he offered to sing a song with me you know "]