['musical is reportedly following in the footsteps of other Broadway musicals "Mamma Mia," "Hairspray" and " The Phantom of the Opera ," and in the works to be made into a film. "I feel thrilled, I want that movie to be made. I want more ', 'with head injuries. 10:30 a.m. ET Singer in Space This morning it was announced that singer Sarah Brightman, of " Phantom of the Opera " fame, would be the next space tourist . She is expected to blast off on a Russian Soyuz rocket in 2015 . The last space ', 'ABC News has learned that singer Sarah Brightman , of " Phantom of the Opera " fame, will be the next tourist in space, sometime Brightman, who thrilled the world when she starred in " Phantom of the Opera ," the inspiration should be out of this world. Rumors ', 'Sistine Chapel alone with family before it is open to the public; and $2,500 for a Phantom of the $2,500 for a  Phantom of the Opera  experience, including costume fitting, wig fitting, escorted on-stage during the Hannibal Opera sequence, and four ', 'You Up" by Surely_You\'re_Choking on Reddit Harry Potter\'s "Hedwig\'s Theme" by Jason Perlow MGMT\'s "Kids" by @oreobaus on Twitter "  Phantom of the Opera  " by origamisculptures on Tumblr Gary Numan\'s "Cars" by Jon Durbin', "Quotes Of The Week: 'I Blew It Because I Didn't Think I Was Good Enough for Her'", 'she wanted to live her life and I had another way to live mine and I was just too insecure. "I did feel like  the Phantom of the Opera  hiding in the catacombs," he added. "People have actually said that I didn\'t deserve to be with her ', "Billy Bob Thornton Says He 'Blew' His Marriage to Angelina Jolie Because He Was 'Too Insecure'", 'she wanted to live her life and I had another way to live mine and I was just too insecure. "I did feel like  the Phantom of the Opera  hiding in the catacombs," he added. "People have actually said that I didn\'t deserve to be with her ', 'him on is a world away from the Shakira video that features his rippling muscles. It\'s the theme song from " The Phantom of the Opera  ," called "The Music of the Night." Nadal said, "I love the musical. I was there in New York, watching ', "that. In Madison Square Garden everybody gets a Russell under the lights but I truly am the only one it's underneath alliance. Off but I suspect that somewhere in the rafters is a former wrestler with a mask remember  the Phantom of the Opera", 'somewhere in the rafters is a former wrestler with a mask remember the Phantom of the Opera -- ', 'board last week. I gave up if you got talent. The lowest score of the night went to Chaz Bono. Whose ten go to  the Phantom of the Opera  earned him nineteen out of thirty but Watching a few people tried to be a big messy battle cry. Tonight we will ', 'score of the night went to Chaz Bono. Whose ten go to the Phantom of the Opera earned him nineteen out of thirty but -- Watching a few people -- -- tried to be a big messy battle cry. ', "29 out of thirty. I'm given it to JR when the whole competition the worst us of the night tonight again. Did a up  Phantom of the Opera  and it just really didn't take the judges were not to clients of his nineteen points there but you've got the hot ", "of the night tonight again. -- -- -- -- Did a up Phantom of the Opera and it just really didn't take -- the judges were not to clients of his nineteen points there but you've got the ", "was gonna say that's an eating disorder isn't. Yet. Absolutely that I always felt like I was Quasimodo  the Phantom of the Opera  opened a show you how good these problems. Billy Bob is working on his fourth album with the box masters of ", "isn't. Yet. Absolutely that I always felt like I was Quasimodo -- the Phantom of the Opera opened a show you how good these problems. Billy Bob is working on his fourth album with the box masters of rockabilly ", "Those decisions created a priceless moment at a musical show for a Down's syndrome group. performing as  the Phantom of the Opera  brought Kerry who was unaware of what was about to happen onto the stage. He kept and He pulled me up something ", "a musical show for a Down's syndrome group. -- -- performing as the Phantom of the Opera brought Kerry who was unaware of what was about to happen onto the stage. He kept -- -- and He pulled me ", "hasn't the skeleton ever been phantom and play  the Phantom of the Opera  is currently starting in love never dies in London's to be the He went with a school group they saw  the Phantom of the Opera  and He decided that's what He wanted to do so ", "that hasn't -- the -- skeleton ever been -- phantom and play the Phantom of the Opera is currently starting in love never dies in London's West End. But we're -- In his brain is fascinating to us as we were doing our research because He was able to lock on an age twelve. The idea that He wanted to be the -- He went with a school group they saw the Phantom of the Opera and He decided that's what He wanted to do so He started climbing that ladder to that point where He now played ", "stage that is the next chapter of Andrew Lloyd Webber's  Phantom of the Opera . As the BBCs will Roberts reports reviews are mixed Lloyd new musical is a sequel to his global blockbuster  Phantom of the Opera . It. Expectations are high. Lloyd Webber and his supporters ", "the London stage that is the next chapter of Andrew Lloyd Webber's Phantom of the Opera . As the BBCs will Roberts reports reviews are mixed. -- Defensive. Is back. -- And you the big reputation to live update. Love never dies Andrew Lloyd -- new musical is a sequel to his global blockbuster Phantom of the Opera . It. Expectations are high. Lloyd Webber and his supporters. Are out home -- You can tell when the major theatrical event winds "]