['Pop sensation chats about her success since her "Call Me Maybe" single topped the charts.', "parent company Disney's  The Little Mermaid  was a box office hit when it opened in 1989 kept that long ago grossing more than 200 million dollars worldwide. Well our health ", "-- parent company Disney's The Little Mermaid was a box office hit when it opened in 1989 kept -- that long ago grossing more than 200 million dollars worldwide. ", "An time. Right yeah. And then. I. A. But. A A. That was hit our world from opening night of  The Little Mermaid  broadway's newest musical based on the mega popular Disney filming classic fairy tale. It was star studded night hands Christian ", "A. That was hit -- -- our world from opening night of The Little Mermaid broadway's newest musical based on the mega popular Disney filming classic fairy tale. It was -- star studded night -- hands Christian ", 'I think this is actually incredibly elegant. But the argument is that she looks a little bit like ursula from " the little mermaid ." For me, wait a second. Fozzi bear, ursula, sesame street and disney. It\'s like win-win. I love the ', 'the argument is that she looks a little bit like ursula from " the little mermaid ." For me, wait a second. Fozzi bear, ursula, sesame street and disney. It\'s like win-win. I love the chances she takes, I ', 'character named nick fury after all that we highly doubt work slowdown that blockbuster at the box up. As they say in  The Little Mermaid  and Ledbetter now written letter accompanied by to build an underwater Yes will be able to sleep distance between ', 'work slowdown that blockbuster at the box up. As they say in The Little Mermaid and Ledbetter now written letter accompanied by -- -- to build an underwater -- -- Yes will be able to sleep -- ', 'also asked about his relationship with Elizabeth Edwards. young and his wife nicknamed Ursula after the C which in  The Little Mermaid . I know mrs. Edwards hated me young admitted she banned me from the house and banned me from driving mr. Edwards ', 'young and his wife nicknamed Ursula after the -- C which in The Little Mermaid . I know mrs. Edwards hated me young admitted she banned me from the house and banned me from driving mr. Edwards. The ', 'ingenious creations spending only fifteen dollars in total. Dressed as almost every character from the wizard Abbas.  The Little Mermaid . And Star Wars there was a Chiquita banana in November percent of cost in December even blushing bride in June ', 'dollars in total. Dressed as almost every character from the wizard Abbas. The Little Mermaid . And Star Wars there was a Chiquita banana in November percent of cost in December even blushing bride in June. And for ', 'is. Perhaps the last couple months the school. Through all of the and 140 after. Before. Is that before after  The Little Mermaid . All alone. It was after that. And and and okay so that was after and and I take Little Mermaid would that was ', 'of the -- and 140 after. Before. Is that before -- after The Little Mermaid . All alone. It was after that. And and and okay so that was after -- and and I take -- Little Mermaid ', "true. I mean that's sure I grew up watching.  The Little Mermaid  and Beauty and the Beast and Aladdin and now soon company and Jeff so differently who's your favorite  The Little Mermaid . By far money could be hurt I wanted to start singing ", "mean that's -- -- -- -- -- sure I grew up watching. The Little Mermaid and Beauty and the Beast and Aladdin and now -- soon to be included in that same company and Jeff so differently who's your favorite -- The Little Mermaid . By far -- money could be hurt I wanted to start singing because the car ruined and you use your voice is ", "George Larry it's not just for you a little anybody from fifteen to 85. They have all sorts of jeweler it this is  The Little Mermaid  opens up mean these pieces are really really adorable and They have that believe this is a hundred dollars this is ", 'fifteen to 85. They have all sorts of jeweler it this is The Little Mermaid -- opens up mean these pieces are really really adorable and -- They have -- that -- believe this is a hundred ', 'Disney films they such part of my childhood spill. I would say though I was sort of of that that the generation of  The Little Mermaid  Utley is that area in out that the tops irony. Say a lot of girls would definitely agree with you there now you ', 'say though I was sort of of that that the generation of The Little Mermaid Utley is that area -- -- in out that the tops irony. Say a lot of girls would definitely agree with you ', 'He is credited with creating a second golden age for Disney. Overseeing the production of recent classics such as  The Little Mermaid  Beauty and the Beast Aladdin and the lying king. He was a recipient of the Disney legend the court. After a year ', 'golden age for Disney. Overseeing the production of recent classics such as The Little Mermaid Beauty and the Beast Aladdin and the lying king. He was a recipient of the Disney legend the court. After a year ', "price adult ticket to get a free children's tickets for the three Disney shows playing on Broadway The Lion King  The Little Mermaid  and Mary Poppins. It is one of the leading searches although I do admit this is the parent company of ABC. And ", 'tickets for the three Disney shows playing on Broadway The Lion King The Little Mermaid and Mary Poppins. It is one of the leading searches although I do admit this is the parent company of ABC. And ', "price adult ticket to get a free children's tickets for the three Disney shows playing on Broadway The Lion King  The Little Mermaid  and Mary Poppins. It is one of the leading searches although I do admit this is the parent company of ABC. And ", 'tickets for the three Disney shows playing on Broadway The Lion King The Little Mermaid and Mary Poppins. It is one of the leading searches although I do admit this is the parent company of ABC. And ', "at Disney's hit animated film  The Little Mermaid  in for a big tree because now it's making a splash on Broadway that's right the stage version of that show. We're getting ", "-- at Disney's hit animated film The Little Mermaid -- in for a big tree because now it's making a splash on Broadway that's right the stage version of that show. "]