['hollywood-exec-why-i-gave-590408?AP HOW  HARVEY WEINSTEIN , OBAMA AND CLINTON NEARLY STAGED A LED ZEPPELIN www.hollywoodreporter.com/news/how- harvey - weinstein -obama-clinton-590406?AP HOW RYAN SEACREST ', 'The Motion Picture Association of America has settled the roiling dispute between  Harvey Weinstein  and Warner Bros. over the use of the title "The Butler." In a ruling Friday night, the MPAA\'s Title Registration Bureau ', "President Obama Blames Political Gridlock on 'Hyper-Partisanship,' Rush Limbaugh", 'the first of three fundraisers in New York City Monday. He spoke to 65 guests at a reception hosted by movie mogul  Harvey Weinstein  and actress Georgina Chapman. Later in the afternoon, the president addressed a second 60-person fundraiser hosted ', "Meron or Zadan or even White House staff, but from the teenage mind of the daughter of uber-Hollywood producer  Harvey Weinstein , whose company was behind three films with multiple nominations at this year's awards. Weinstein and his daughter ", "Jennifer Lawrence on Career, Being Star-Struck and a Homebody: 'I Just Have a Very Weird Job'", 'director, her fellow cast members and producing honcho  Harvey Weinstein . Then she went home. "I always go home," Lawrence said. "I stopped at Harvey\'s party,  Harvey Weinstein \'s party, for a little bit. Got my parents drunk ', 'Sher, James W. Skotchdopole, Bob Weinstein and  Harvey Weinstein . Les Miserables Director: Tom Hooper Producers Mark Kamine, George Parra, Bob Weinstein and  Harvey Weinstein . Zero Dark Thirty Director: Kathryn Bigelow Producers ', 'onstage, or someone says, "I didn\'t prepare anything!" 2. Eat a meatball sub any time anyone thanks producer  Harvey Weinstein . 3. Take off an article of clothing every time the cameras show Judi Dench and any time Maggie Smith wins. Regardless ', 'of actress Sarah Jessica Parker in June and a $35,800-a-head event at the Connecticut home of movie mogul  Harvey Weinstein  in August. Obama attended both events. During the 2008 campaign, Obama spoke out against the influence of special ', 'fundraiser in Connecticut. Hathaway co-hosted the $35,800 per-person fundraiser Aug. 6, 2012, with producer  Harvey Weinstein  at his home in Connecticut. The duo helped Obama add $2 million to his campaign war chest. Hathaway is a longtime ', 'fundraiser in Connecticut. Hathaway co-hosted the $35,800 per-person fundraiser Aug. 6, 2012, with producer  Harvey Weinstein  at his home in Connecticut. The duo helped Obama add $2 million to his campaign war chest. Hathaway is a longtime ', 'fundraiser in Connecticut. Hathaway co-hosted the $35,800 per-person fundraiser Aug. 6, 2012, with producer  Harvey Weinstein  at his home in Connecticut. The duo helped Obama add $2 million to his campaign war chest. Hathaway is a longtime ', 'fundraiser in Connecticut. Hathaway co-hosted the $35,800 per-person fundraiser Aug. 6, 2012, with producer  Harvey Weinstein  at his home in Connecticut. The duo helped Obama add $2 million to his campaign war chest. Hathaway is a longtime ', 'hollywood\'s most powerful couples.  Harvey weinstein  has produced films such as weren\'t met. The producer,  harvey weinstein , who won an academy award for in love," and co-founded  miramax  studio. This man, vivek shah ', 'kill his family if his demands in cash weren\'t met. The producer, harvey weinstein , who won an academy award for "shakespeare in love," and co-founded miramax studio. This man, vivek shah, busted by authorities for sending threatening communications among other charges. Extortion in and of itself doesn\'t draw ', 'Harvey Weinstein  is one of the most powerful men in Hollywood the head of an award winning film studio. And today a wannabe actor is behind bars ', 'Harvey Weinstein is one of the most powerful men in Hollywood the head of an award winning film studio. And today a wannabe actor ', "as ABC parent company they have sold  Miramax . Yes six before I'm about 660. million company founded in 1979 by Bowman and  Harvey Weinstein  an after that moment that Miriam and cement  Miramax . Com and if that's how this for a ", "which I should say as ABC -- parent company they have sold Miramax . Yes six before I'm about 660. -- million dollars this was the other company founded in 1979 by Bowman and Harvey Weinstein an -- after that moment that Miriam and -- -- cement Miramax . Com and -- -- if that's how this for a long time and that they sold it to a group of investors. ", 'confidential. Jennifer Lawrence won best actress saying. She thanked her family director fellow cast members and honcho  Harvey Weinstein  and then. I but I always illegal to light up that. Her views arguing seemed pretty for a little bit become apparent ', 'saying. She thanked her family -- director fellow cast members and honcho Harvey Weinstein and then. I -- -- but I always illegal to light up that. Her views -- arguing seemed pretty for a little ', "sessions. And Amy Adams in the master. Congratulations you five ladies no longer have to pretend to be attracted to  Harvey Weinstein  and. It's okay. We're best animated found the nominees are. Franken we need Tim Burton. The pirates band ", "you five ladies no longer have to pretend to be attracted to Harvey Weinstein and. It's okay. We're best animated -- -- found the nominees are. Franken we need Tim Burton. The pirates band of misfits ", "sessions. And Amy Adams in the master. Congratulations you five ladies no longer have to pretend to be attracted to  Harvey Weinstein . We're best animated feature film the nominees are. Franken we need Tim Burton. The pirates band of misfits ", "you five ladies no longer have to pretend to be attracted to Harvey Weinstein . We're best animated feature film the nominees are. Franken we need Tim Burton. The pirates band of misfits Peter lord. Wreck it ", "sessions. And Amy Adams in the master. Congratulations five ladies no longer have to pretend to be attracted to  Harvey Weinstein . We're best animated feature film the nominees are there. Franken we need Tim Burton. The pirates band of misfits ", "-- five ladies no longer have to pretend to be attracted to Harvey Weinstein . We're best animated feature film the nominees are there. Franken we need Tim Burton. The pirates band of misfits Peter lord. Wreck "]