['Online Banking BenefitsThe internet has revolutionized the way we bank as more and more individuals make the shift to online banking. No longer do individuals need to drive to their local bank to make a deposit as online banking has become greener and more convenient than ever.', 'One of the biggest benefits of online banking is the ease of which you can manage your bank accounts. You can view up to date statements online and have access to years worth of prior statements which make it easy to track and manage expenses. This is especially beneficial when tax time comes as all your statements are stored electronically by the bank and are just a click away, no more need to file away paper statements.', 'Online checking accounts offer some of the best benefits of online banking. You can now manage your checkbook online and send checks to pay bills with most bill pay services offered by online banks. The need for a physical checkbook is decreasing as more and more people are making the shift towards online bill pay and checking accounts. Online bank accounts also offer the benefit of keeping scanned copies of all cashed checks for your accounting purposes making it easy to determine if someone has received your payment.', 'Although interest rates are not relatively high at the moment, most online banks offer higher interest saving accounts as compared to local brick and motor banks. This is due to them having less overhead and the ability to focus mainly on passing those savings to customers via a higher interest rate. It is probably in your best interest to compare the interest rate you are earning at your local bank with those offered by online saving accounts as they tend be higher. Some terms do apply such as a minimum balance but most online banks are very competitive with what your large institutional bank maybe offering.', 'There are many other benefits to online banking that most brick and mortar banks simple cannot offer, here are just a few of them:', 'Most online banks offer the ability to deposit checks via a mobile phone instead of having to bring it to the local branch.', 'Local BankingWhile many of the banks featured on this site are online only, you may want to consider stopping by a local bank branch to see if they also offer online banking. Most of the large institutional banks have excellent online banking features and coupled with their local branches, you can get the best of both [...]']