["Transcript of President Obama's remarks following deadly attacks at US consulate in Libya ", 'Americans are rightly outraged over the news last week that a Libyan ex-Gitmo detainee named Abu Sufian Bin Qumu was behind the terrorist attack on our consulate in ...', 'Tunisian linked to US consulate attack charged as Egypt says another suspect killed', 'A Tunisian man who was arrested in Turkey this month with reported links to the attack on a U.S. consulate in Libya is facing terrorism charges, his lawyer said Wedn...', 'Officials at the White House and State Department were advised two hours after attackers assaulted the U.S. diplomatic mission in Benghazi, Libya, on September 11 th...', 'The House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform has subpoenaed the leading security official at the U.S. consulate in Libya for an upcoming hearing, an attemp...', 'EXCLUSIVE: Jailed filmmaker vows to finish film wrongly blamed for Benghazi  attack', "EXCLUSIVE: The controversial filmmaker whose crude Internet trailer was wrongly blamed by the White House for sparking last year's deadly Benghazi attack vowed to fi...", '3 diplomatic security officials among Americans injured in Benghazi , sources say', 'Three diplomatic security agents, as well as a State Department contractor, were among the Americans injured during the terrorist attack last September on the U.S. C...', "Cheney defends NSA programs, says Snowden a 'traitor,' Obama 'lacks credibility'", 'Former Vice President Dick Cheney on Sunday strongly defended the recently exposed U.S. surveillance programs, which he helped craft in the aftermath of 9/11, but sh...', 'Like all Americans, I was shocked to learn that four of our diplomats had been killed by Islamist radicals outside the U.S. consulate in Benghazi, Libya, on the anni...', "'Fox News Reporting' special looks at the facts and politics surrounding terror attack in  Libya", 'Their identities have been a well-guarded secret, known only to their high-powered lawyers and a handful of House lawmakers and staff. But now Fox News has learned t...', 'Gunfire, then a missing ambassador -- officials describe chaotic scene at Benghazi  post', 'The attack started with little warning. The U.S. diplomatic compound in Benghazi began taking fire at 10 p.m. Tuesday night. Within minutes, the attackers were in --...', 'CNN reported on the personal journal of slain American ambassador Christopher Stevens over objections from his family, a State Department spokesman said.The news cha...', "Report on Libya  attack cites 'systemic failures' in security, confirms no protest", 'A State Department-ordered investigation into September\'s attack on the U.S. Consulate in Benghazi, Libya, concluded that "systemic failures" left the facility inade...']