['now and again. Evan Agostini/AP Photo  Cyndi Lauper  Wins In May, she was a "World News" person of the week, but Sunday evening  Cyndi Lauper  took home a Tony award for  the musical  " Kinky Boots ." Lauper is the first woman to win the ', 'been 28 years since  Cyndi Lauper  \'s " Girls Just Wanna show. Her show, " Cyndi Lauper  -- Still So Unusual silver spoon." PHOTO:  Cyndi Lauper , Before She Was Famous what else -- " Kinky Boots ," the story of a struggling ', 'wanted to have fun in using one of  Cyndi Lauper \'s hits for a negative Mitt Romney just got back from the wk sp for  KInky Boots . Got a phone call saying my version responded on Twitter in kind, writing " Cyndi Lauper  has never spoken truer words ', 'unusual." Her hit musical, " kinky boots ," has been nominated for more Give it up for the one, the only  cyndi lauper  you are such -- I know how excited the theater happy after seeing " kinky boots ." Well, you know, there was ', 'of her grou groundbreaking debut album "she\'s so unusual." Her hit musical, " kinky boots ," has been nominated for more than any tonys than anybody else, a whopping 13 tonys. Give it up for the one, the only cyndi lauper you are such -- I know how excited you are. For best score and best musical. I know you\'re not feeling well and such a consummate professional for showing up and doing this gig. But the tonys are coming up. What does this mean to you? People are going insane. They leave the theater happy after seeing " kinky boots ." Well, you know, there was a lot of people involved in making a musical and it\'s everybody and it was -- it ', 'that last champ the bottom of the And a tip of the hat tonight for our person of the week took home a Tony for  the musical kinky boots . She truth about this picture of herself and her new prize. Block for the first woman to win this old award ', '-- for our person of the week took home a Tony for the musical kinky boots She truth about this picture of herself and her new prize. Block for the first woman to win this old award for ', "testament of as to what the best musical the winner it sounds like it's like boots I don't know. Beat out bring it on  the musical  Christmas story in the news. But with a host Neil Patrick Harris back for his fourth straight year he is very talented isn't ", "-- like -- boots I don't know. Beat out bring it on the musical -- Christmas story in the news. -- -- -- -- But with a host Neil Patrick Harris back for his fourth straight ", 'loser was "matilda" getting stomped on by " kinky boots " for best musical. " Kinky boots " won five other tonys, as well including best score for  cyndi lauper . Tom hanks not such a lucky guy. A surprise ', 'there are losers. Ironically that loser was "matilda" getting stomped on by " kinky boots " for best musical. " Kinky boots " won five other tonys, as well including best score for cyndi lauper . Tom hanks not such a lucky guy. A surprise upset when he didn\'t get best actor for his play of that name. ', 'behind the scenes of " kinky boots ." And her message this the always outrageous  cyndi lauper , caught outside the broadway theater where " kinky boots " plays to a packed house Reporter: The charm of " kinky boots " is it seems to speak ']