['Oklahoma will have to be happy with a share of the Big 12 title.Damien Williams ran for 115 yards and scored a pair of touchdowns, while Landry Jones threw for 244 y...', "No. 13 Oklahoma, fresh off taming Baylor QB Florence, gets another test in WVU's Geno Smith", "Oklahoma's stingy secondary is getting another chance to slow down a 3,000-yard passer.The Sooners held Nick Florence, the nation's leader in passing yards per game,...", "Blake Bell's 4-yard touchdown run tied the game with four seconds remaining in regulation and Brennan Clay ran for an 18-yard score in overtime to lift No. 14 Oklaho...", 'Landry Jones threw for 291 yards and three touchdowns, as the 10th-ranked Oklahoma Sooners destroyed the Kansas Jayhawks, 52-7, at Oklahoma Memorial Stadium.Jones co...', "Kenny Stills' fourth touchdown reception gave No. 13 Oklahoma a dramatic 50-49 victory and squashed West Virginia's upset bid in a wild Big 12 shootout at Mountainee...", 'After some ugly losses the previous 2 seasons, No. 5 Notre Dame finding ways to win ugly', "Notre Dame's victory over Brigham Young lacked the drama of the goal-line stand against Stanford, the defensive domination the Fighting Irish showed against Michigan...", 'Championship implications as No. 5 Notre Dame, No. 8 Oklahoma add to rich history', 'The words "Play Like a Champion Today" are plastered on the walls leading from the locker room to the field at both No. 5 Notre Dame and No. 8 Oklahoma, a rich piece...', "Notre Dame is relevant once again.Everett Golson ran for a go-ahead 1-yard touchdown with 5:05 left in the fifth-ranked Fighting Irish's 30-13 victory over No. 8 Okl...", 'Freshman Darlington latest to get the call on banged-up offensive line for No. 13 Oklahoma', "When Ty Darlington arrived on Oklahoma's campus this fall, he got to work learning the center position behind the team's most experienced lineman and an all-conferen...", "Michigan facing another school in a spring game at the Big House?Probably not.Wolverines coach Brady Hoke working with Eastern Michigan's Ron English to put together...", "The Sooners are squeaking a bit these days and that's just fine with linebacker Travis Lewis.No. 8 Oklahoma (4-0) isn't regularly demolishing opponents, but Lewis sa...", "DeMarco Murray scored three times to set Oklahoma's career record for touchdowns, Ryan Broyles broke his own mark for receptions in a game and the No. 6 Sooners roll...", "Florida State believes it's ready to return to the big time.The fifth-ranked Seminoles (2-0) get their chance Saturday when No. 1 Oklahoma (1-0) comes to town for th...", "After four years of being recruited, Dorial Green-Beckham's college decision was made in less than a minute.As he and his family drove home from his official visit t...", 'NEW YORK -- Being voted preseason No. 1 is a tradition at Oklahoma, and this season is no different.The Sooners will start out top-ranked in The Associated Press col...', 'With their chances of playing for the BCS ranked Oklahoma Sooners will ranked Kansas State Wildcats .Oklahoma had opened the season at 6-0 and was ranked as high as ...', 'The Iowa Hawkeyes of the Big Ten Conference and the Oklahoma Sooners of the Big 12 will meet in Tempe, Arizona for what figures to be a competitive Insight Bowl matc...', 'Oklahoma defensive captain and leading tackler Travis Lewis will miss up to eight weeks with a broken bone in his left foot, leaving the Sooners without one of their...', "It's an all too familiar scene for Oklahoma fans eagerly awaiting the program's eighth national championship.Just as the Sooners start getting hyped up as a favorite...", 'Far more than state bragging rights is on ranked Oklahoma State ranked Oklahoma Sooners do battle in the latest installment of the Bedlam Series.A victory would give...']