['to try out for the role of "Sandy" in the new  Broadway  production of Annie. "Something about her picture movies, including Toto in The Wizard of Oz on  Broadway  and Bruiser in the  Legally Blonde  films. It all started when he was charged with ', "promotion with two nights' lodging, tickets for On Location's Sex and the City tour, plus two seats at the  Broadway  show  Legally Blonde  and an appointment with a personal shopper. The package can be customized. Rates typically start at $699 a person ", 'New York\'s  Broadway  show " Legally Blonde  the Musical MTV\'s show " Legally Blonde  the Musical to replace  Laura Bell Bundy  as the leading student to  Broadway  star. "Everything Heather Hach, " Legally Blonde \'s" playwright ', 'Washington Heights moves to  Broadway . Winner of the 2008 Tony theatrical, acrobatic creation.  Broadway . Telecharge.  Legally Blonde .  Laura Bell Bundy  stars in this musical version songs of ABBA makes it to  Broadway . Die-hard ABBA fans will ', '40s and \'50s at her grandfather\'s house, long before she was impressing audiences as Elle Woods in " Legally Blonde  the Musical" on  Broadway . "He basically played Rosemary Clooney and Dean Martin and Pearl Bailey," Bell said. "So I grew ', 'class that incorporates dance moves from the new  Broadway  musical " Legally Blonde ," couldn\'t agree more. "[The class is] is the class combines "the two things we love most:  Broadway  and dancing." In the Crunch class, instructors ', 'the London and  Broadway  productions of Australia, and " Legally Blonde ," a $10-million 3 residency at  Broadway \'s Palace Theatre of a lifetime,  Laura Bell Bundy  (Kristin Chenoweth\'s School student. " Legally Blonde " also marks the ', 'week as Elle Woods in  Legally Blonde  2: Red White and Blonde. In the first  Legally Blonde , Elle packs up her opening), the makers of  Legally Blonde  2 instituted National becomes the toast of  Broadway  in Diamond Lil. The ', 'American Family. And she takes a comic turn in the film  Legally Blonde . In her early 20s, she was the most visible and highly she could never fill: She replaced Lauren Bacall on  Broadway  in the musical Woman of the Year. It was tough adapting ', "gone before. As star Elle Woods in  legally blonde  the musical that thanks so much for because it is you're the star of a  Broadway  Show how many performances a week back of Jennifer is at the OK so  Broadway  stars slash country slash fashion ", "-- night after night because it is you're the star of a Broadway Show how many performances a week -- and we -- Heat and eat well it depends last week we did an extra ", 'company -- -- the back of Jennifer is at the OK so Broadway stars slash country -- slash fashion designer slash us. Philanthropist to tell us about your charity -- -- related kids. Creative with ', "the big night.  Broadway  shows and he's latest project  legally blonde  a few people out everybody feeling  Laura bell Bundy  of course four from an idea to  Broadway . So a lot of come to life on  Broadway  unfortunately ", "the latest buzz. From behind the scenes to the big night. -- Broadway shows and he's the author of the new book let's put on -- -- Mr. lane thanks for joining us it's great to bigger things out first I have to admit to you congratulations. Your latest project legally blonde a few people out there may have heard of it. Received seven Tony nominations this year. Tell us about that excitement how is everybody feeling Laura bell Bundy of course four best actress in a musical tell us about the excitement. Of course we're -- thrilled about it because all the work that went into the project you know musical takes -- seven years to -- To just -- and go from an idea to Broadway . So a lot of these people into associated with the show for so many years that at that period of time you -- some recognition. So really thrilled because our our director Jerry Mitchell got a nomination and Laura bell Bundy and Christian moral for best featured actor you know and our custom -- I mean -- we're just. And happy as a ", "That shouldn't be very happy to see it come to life on Broadway unfortunately we are out of time but I talk to you for -- this is great just getting started. Thank you for ", "see you again congressional should million. You from  Broadway legally blonde  get rid of the denomination did you have this country writing singing catchy music forever but nobody noticed a  Broadway  Show itself. I'm finally getting to do. Do my music ", "the chance to see you again congressional should -- million. You from Broadway legally blonde get rid of the -- denomination -- did you have this country star and you all -- -- I get well you know I've been writing -- singing catchy music forever but nobody noticed -- a Broadway Show itself. I'm finally getting to do. Do my music the way -- wanted to do -- on a regional analysts and "]