['Aaron Paul and Neil Patrick Harris anounce the nominations for the 2013 primetime emmy awards.', 'Amy Poehler  asks store employee more hard hitting questions in this extended version of the ad.', 'about an historic first this week.  Amy poehler  and tina fey, named co-hosts girls live a big, brave life.  Amy poehler  is our "person of the week" and questions when you\'re 40. Reporter:  Amy poehler  knows how to make people laugh ', 'And finally tonight, we told you about an historic first this week. Amy poehler and tina fey, named co-hosts of the golden globes. The first time two women will do the honors. But you should know, poehler is already handing out something pretty golden. Really smart advice to help young girls live a big, brave life. Amy poehler is our "person of the week" and she sat down with abc\'s david wright. Am I enough? Do I fit in? You still ask those questions when you\'re 40. Reporter: Amy poehler knows how to make people laugh. Really congress? You held a congressional committee on preproductive rights and you didn\'t invite any women? ', "life will unfold the way it's supposed to. And so, we choose, amy poehler . Chef says there's power in looking silly and not caring what you do. ", 'But all that soul may come at a cost it all started at the Golden Globe awards when the queens of comedy Tina Fey and  Amy Poehler . Teased us with about her love life you know what let you stay away from my budget cuts It. This week we discovered ', 'the Golden Globe awards when the queens of comedy Tina Fey and Amy Poehler . Teased us with about her love life you know what -- let you stay away from my budget cuts -- It. This ', 'I feel a little tall. You are a little bit tall. I knew you were stressed out about this. You worked it out with  amy poehler . Hey, rob. Hi, amy. Are you excited about hosting "good morning america"? No. I\'m petrified. Of what? George ', 'knew you were stressed out about this. You worked it out with amy poehler . Hey, rob. Hi, amy. Are you excited about hosting "good morning america"? No. I\'m petrified. Of what? George stephanopoulos. He hates me. ', 'office scramble for success. And all day long, a huge shoutout for two people in the news. Funny girls teeny faye and  amy poehler  tapped to host the 70th annual golden globe, the first time two co-hosts are women. A dream "saturday night live ', 'shoutout for two people in the news. Funny girls teeny faye and amy poehler tapped to host the 70th annual golden globe, the first time two co-hosts are women. A dream "saturday night live" reunion. You ', "The host of Golden Globes were. By many accounts the ninth biggest winners check out one of funniest moments. Everything they could not be here tonight because. He is no longer technically in show business. We want to assure you that we had no intention of being edge here it's because as we learn", 'practically itself. Latest episode of Jersey floor earned a fictional floor inside 30 Rock. Featured Tina Fey and  Amy Poehler  bronzed and pretty good fist pump their way through the night do little DTL. He played Jersey Shore wannabes stalking ', "floor earned a fictional floor inside 30 Rock. Featured Tina Fey and Amy Poehler bronzed and pretty good fist pump their way through the night do little DTL. He played Jersey Shore wannabes stalking Jamie's character ", "Hello there welcome to the webcast I'm Avery and our beautiful offices in New York feel like. Maybe we should be. Program here very few years. Because. All spring and finally here in this city so tonight we are we are working. It's another shows where things are kind of blocks. We're not sure it", 'Tina Fey and  Amy Poehler  set their sights on the audience when it comes to comedy.', 'white house dinner. La la, looking great. Looked fabulous. I thought kerry washington looked beautiful. We had  amy poehler  and jessica pare come with us. See foe -- sofia vergara was amazing. Sam and I had a chance to sit with -- hayden ', 'looking great. Looked fabulous. I thought kerry washington looked beautiful. We had amy poehler and jessica pare come with us. See foe -- sofia vergara was amazing. Sam and I had a chance to sit with ', "All that soul may come at a cost it all started at the Golden Globe awards when the queens of comedy Tina Fey and  Amy Poehler . Teased us with about her love life you know I stay away from my budget cuts A. This week we discovered swift didn't ", 'the Golden Globe awards when the queens of comedy Tina Fey and Amy Poehler . Teased us with about her love life you know I -- -- -- stay away from my budget cuts -- A. This ', "eating wings and I had to put them down. Take antibiotics, you're killing me. For me, it was the audio. I loved  amy poehler 's best buy ad. This proved once again, golden globes, she did it. She's one of the funniest ladies in the business ", "antibiotics, you're killing me. For me, it was the audio. I loved amy poehler's best buy ad. This proved once again, golden globes, she did it. She's one of the funniest ladies in the business. She's ", 'cruising for carrie on "sex and the city." Don\'t come into the audition. Reporter: And was a counselor with  amy poehler  on "wet, hot, american summer." Who is that guy again? Everybody loved will. Not when he was on there. Reporter ', 'city." Don\'t come into the audition. Reporter: And was a counselor with amy poehler on "wet, hot, american summer." Who is that guy again? Everybody loved will. Not when he was on there. Reporter: Anne hathaway ', 'carpet had nothing on jessica chastain, rocking THAT alexander McQueen. Keeping it dark and dramatic were tina fey,  amy poehler  and busy philipps. And claire danes rocked it lips to hips. I knew it was the right one. Reporter: The passion and ', 'rocking THAT alexander McQueen. Keeping it dark and dramatic were tina fey, amy poehler and busy philipps. And claire danes rocked it lips to hips. I knew it was the right one. Reporter: The passion and ']