["be much for surrender fire resistant. Amy Adams plays Lois Lane as a hard charging journalists. Well Bob that get  writer ' s block  I'm not wearing a black Jack and. Drawn to the soon to be blessed by his strength and more by his vulnerability ", "Lois Lane as a hard charging journalists. Well Bob -- that get writer's block I'm not wearing a black Jack and. Drawn to the soon to be -- blessed by his strength and more by his ", "one presuming that was the name hated it goes those horrible saw his kindness pointed. I also this back bandit who didn't like his name needed to get shockingly offended a of the that guy doesn't get  writer ' s block  a to benefit the.", "shockingly offended -- a -- of the -- that guy doesn't get writer's block a -- to benefit the. ", "it's a really great thing. It augments your life in ways you never thought you could. When I would go through  writer ' s block  and all of them were waiting on me, I would think, wow. I have a woman I dig. And she's smart. She's funny ", "in ways you never thought you could. When I would go through writer's block and all of them were waiting on me, I would think, wow. I have a woman I dig. And she's smart. She's ", "pleasure to meet you thanks for coming we really appreciate it thank you so best of luck with his new book thank thirty  writer ' s block  head out. We appreciate having you thank you so much.", "-- best of luck with his new book thank -- -- thirty writer's block -- -- head out. We appreciate having you thank you so much. ", "trying to in a book in earnest. And started I had  writer ' s block  I started to write about the fact that I had  writer ' s block  and somehow I wrote a book. It happened with the caption ", "trying to -- in a book in earnest. And started I had writer's block -- I started to write about the fact that I had writer's block and somehow I wrote a book. It happened with the caption. Yes exactly it's a book a book about writing a book ", "was boy who'd become you've here A biography of life. In the music. It hasn't always come easy always got  writer ' s block  those as it was an anxiety right assumes no that's good no witness an excellent for this time it came from home ", "-- life. In the music. It hasn't always come easy always got writer's block those as it was an anxiety right assumes no that's good -- no witness an excellent -- for this time it came ", "It's famous here too. Cisco phone. A biography of life. And the music. It hasn't always come easy always got  writer ' s block  was an anxiety right assumes no that's good no no witness an excellent coach for this time He came from home. After ", "-- life. And the music. It hasn't always come easy always got writer's block -- -- was an anxiety right assumes no that's good no no witness an excellent coach for this time He came from ", "this you'd think she'd run out of ideas to get writers. and I'll absolutely I mean every day I think I have  writer ' s block  you sit there at The blank pad of Paper or the blank computer screen and you just think all but. Is there are new ", "-- and I'll absolutely I mean every day I think I have writer's block you sit there at -- The blank pad of Paper or the blank computer screen and you just think all but. Is ", "you'd think she'd run out of ideas. You have to get  writer ' s block  I'll absolutely I mean every day I think I have  writer ' s block  you sit there at the the blank pad of Paper or the ", "this you'd think she'd run out of ideas. You have to get writer's block -- I'll absolutely I mean every day I think I have writer's block you sit there at the the blank pad of Paper or the blank computer screen and you just think -- -- Is ", "later you revisit that hotel it comes back to you vision for this movie. And and you talk about how you had a bit of  writer ' s block  that it did not come together for two for you and until he would travel to this hotel. try to get a break to write ", "movie. And and you talk about how you had a bit of writer's block that it did not come together for two for you and until he would travel to this hotel. -- try to get "]