["Lawyer for NY gov's ex-wife, Kerry Kennedy, says he'll try to get drugged driving case tossed", 'An attorney for Kerry Kennedy, ex-wife of Gov. Andrew Cuomo, said Tuesday that he will file a motion to dismiss the drugged driving charge against her.Kennedy, daugh...', 'BOSTON -- Sen. Edward M. Kennedy was laid to rest alongside slain brothers John and Robert on hallowed ground at Arlington National Cemetery on Saturday evening, cel...', "A New Kennedy Legacy? Vicki Kennedy Wouldn't Be First Pol's Spouse to Inherit a Seat", 'With Caroline Kennedy no longer making headlines, political insiders are buzzing about another Kennedy clanswoman -- Victoria Reggie Kennedy, wife of ailing Sen. Ted...', 'Abel Barrera, an advocate for rural and indigenous people in the southern Mexican state of Guerrero, was honored here Friday with the 2010 Robert F. Kennedy Human Ri...', 'This story originally published October 13, 2012.The world stood at the brink of Armageddon for 13 days in October 1962 when President John F. Kennedy drew a symboli...', '50 years after Cuban missile crisis, scholars say compromise not brinkmanship ruled the day', 'The world stood at the brink of Armageddon for 13 days in October 1962 when President John F. Kennedy drew a symbolic line in the Atlantic and warned of dire consequ...', 'Latino Organizations Demand Apology from Kennedy Center President Michael Kaiser', 'A coalition of 30 national Latino organizations is still waiting for an apology from Kennedy Center President Michael Kaiser after he swore at a prominent Hispanic l...', 'Taylor Swift has been named the most charitable celebrity of 2012 by the website DoSomething.org. Largely, this is due to her hugely generous donation of $4 million ...', 'President John F. Kennedy was supposed to just stop by and wave hello.Instead, a group of eager Latinos persuaded him to come inside and speak to a packed room of Me...', 'In 1962, then President of Cuba, Fidel Castro recruited two former Nazi SS soldiers to help train his military at the height of the Cuban Missile Crisis, according t...', 'President John F. Kennedy was supposed to just stop by and wave hello.Instead a group of eager Latinos persuaded him to come inside and speak to a packed room of Mex...', 'Morocco expels 19 foreigners from disputed Western Sahara region, says they were journalists', 'Morocco has expelled 19 foreigners from the annexed territory of the Western Sahara, saying they were journalists who entered without permission.The action, which un...', "McNamara's personal papers, memorabilia coming to auction; includes engraved memento from JFK", "Supporters say Kennedy cousin Skakel deserves parole, but Conn. victim's family objects", 'Kennedy cousin Michael Skakel, who will get his first parole hearing Wednesday, deserves to be released from prison a decade after he was convicted of killing his ne...', 'Kennedy cousin Michael Skakel, who will get his first parole hearing Wednesday, deserves to be released from prison a decade after he was convicted of killing his ne...']