["the big night.  Broadway  shows and he's latest project  legally blonde  a few people out everybody feeling  Laura bell Bundy  of course four from an idea to  Broadway . So a lot of come to life on  Broadway  unfortunately ", "the latest buzz. From behind the scenes to the big night. -- Broadway shows and he's the author of the new book let's put on -- -- Mr. lane thanks for joining us it's great to bigger things out first I have to admit to you congratulations. Your latest project legally blonde a few people out there may have heard of it. Received seven Tony nominations this year. Tell us about that excitement how is everybody feeling Laura bell Bundy of course four best actress in a musical tell us about the excitement. Of course we're -- thrilled about it because all the work that went into the project you know musical takes -- seven years to -- To just -- and go from an idea to Broadway . So a lot of these people into associated with the show for so many years that at that period of time you -- some recognition. So really thrilled because our our director Jerry Mitchell got a nomination and Laura bell Bundy and Christian moral for best featured actor you know and our custom -- I mean -- we're just. And happy as a ", "That shouldn't be very happy to see it come to life on Broadway unfortunately we are out of time but I talk to you for -- this is great just getting started. Thank you for ", "see you again congressional should million. You from  Broadway legally blonde  get rid of the denomination did you have this country writing singing catchy music forever but nobody noticed a  Broadway  Show itself. I'm finally getting to do. Do my music ", "the chance to see you again congressional should -- million. You from Broadway legally blonde get rid of the -- denomination -- did you have this country star and you all -- -- I get well you know I've been writing -- singing catchy music forever but nobody noticed -- a Broadway Show itself. I'm finally getting to do. Do my music the way -- wanted to do -- on a regional analysts and "]