['paper." Less Than Jake has tour dates in Europe set through June 2012. They don\'t have any official plans to play  Vans Warped Tour  this summer, but Wasilewski hinted, "That\'s not saying maybe it wouldn\'t happen for a day or two." "We\'re ', 'it to be much more difficult than it has been," Phillips says. "People still need to get out of the house."  Vans Warped Tour  founder Kevin Lyman says his roving rock and extreme sports festival is selling better than last year. The tour ', "this summer, read on for what's on, where. What:  Vans Warped tour  Who: More than 100 bands including Yellowcard, The 29-Aug. 5 Where: Venues across the country Why: The  Vans Warped Tour  celebrates its lucky 13th year with its biggest and ", 'They\'ve been worn by punk rockers, skateboarders and that quintessential drugged-out SoCal surfer dude Jeff Spicoli in "Fast Times at Ridgement High," and now Vans, the poster child for rebellious youths, celebrates its 40th anniversary. Not quite over the hill, but no spring chicken, either. It', "series of DualDiscs contains high-definition audio and video of primarily pop and punk bands that played in the  Vans Warped Tour . Garage-band punk isn't naturally conducive to super-high-quality audio the way classical or jazz would be ", 'Chris Cheney, upright bassist Scott Owens) turned heads Stateside while opening for The Offspring and playing on the  Vans Warped Tour . The latter stint is where Demsey crossed paths with rapping Bill of Rights-advocate Eminem. "I called him a ', 'Chris Cheney, upright bassist Scott Owens) turned heads Stateside while opening for The Offspring and playing on the  Vans Warped Tour . The latter stint is where Demsey crossed paths with rapping Bill of Rights-advocate Eminem. "I called him a ', 'Chris Cheney, upright bassist Scott Owens) turned heads Stateside while opening for The Offspring and playing on the  Vans Warped Tour . The latter stint is where Demsey crossed paths with rapping Bill of Rights-advocate Eminem. "I called him a ', 'Chris Cheney, upright bassist Scott Owens) turned heads Stateside while opening for The Offspring and playing on the  Vans Warped Tour . The latter stint is where Demsey crossed paths with rapping Bill of Rights-advocate Eminem. "I called him a ', 'Chris Cheney, upright bassist Scott Owens) turned heads Stateside while opening for The Offspring and playing on the  Vans Warped Tour . The latter stint is where Demsey crossed paths with rapping Bill of Rights-advocate Eminem. "I called him a ', 'Chris Cheney, upright bassist Scott Owens) turned heads Stateside while opening for The Offspring and playing on the  Vans Warped Tour . The latter stint is where Demsey crossed paths with rapping Bill of Rights-advocate Eminem. "I called him a ', 'Chris Cheney, upright bassist Scott Owens) turned heads Stateside while opening for The Offspring and playing on the  Vans Warped Tour . The latter stint is where Demsey crossed paths with rapping Bill of Rights-advocate Eminem. "I called him a ', 'Chris Cheney, upright bassist Scott Owens) turned heads Stateside while opening for The Offspring and playing on the  Vans Warped Tour . The latter stint is where Demsey crossed paths with rapping Bill of Rights-advocate Eminem. "I called him a ']