['Jimbo Fisher got his first celebratory water-cooler shower, shocked at how chilling it really was. On the other side of the field, Randy Shannon was boiling mad.Sums...', "When Florida State and Miami play Saturday night, it'll be like old times.No. 1 vs. No. 2.OK, not in the national polls. But when it comes to sacks and tackles for l...", "Clemson's Swinney understands why 4th-ranked Florida State favored to beat No. 10 Tigers", "Clemson's Dabo Swinney said if he were a casual college football fan, he'd pick No. 4 Florida State to beat the 10th-ranked Tigers, too.Swinney said Tuesday there ar...", 'Former Florida State  Coach Bobby Bowden  works with On The Line, a prostate awareness campaign', 'Florida State Head  Coach Bobby Bowden  and sons discuss life in and around the game of football.', 'No. 10 Sooners hope to erase subpar play in opener with early test against No. 17 Seminoles ', "Florida State started its season with a blowout win that didn't provide much perspective on how good the 17th-ranked Seminoles might be in Jimbo Fisher's first year ...", 'Penn State plans to renovate the building where former assistant football coach Jerry Sandusky sexually molested boys, confronting one of the most potent and siniste...', 'Fifth-ranked Seminoles  looking to climb back among the elite against No. 1 Oklahoma', "Florida State believes it's ready to return to the big time.The fifth-ranked Seminoles (2-0) get their chance Saturday when No. 1 Oklahoma (1-0) comes to town for th...", 'Reactions to the death of longtime Penn State coach Joe Paterno:___"He died as he lived. He fought hard until the end, stayed positive, thought only of others and co...', 'Happy Valley was perfect for Joe Paterno, a place where "JoePa" knew best, where he not only won more football games than any other major college coach, but won them...', 'Tyrell Higgins didn\'t even plan to redshirt, let alone end his Texas career prematurely."I was going to go play for four years and go pro," he recalled. "That pretty...', 'The famed statue of Joe Paterno was taken down from outside the Penn State football stadium Sunday, eliminating a key piece of the iconography surrounding the once-s...', "Penn State football was all but dismantled Monday by an NCAA ruling that wiped away 14 years of coach Joe Paterno's victories and imposed a mountain of fines and pen...", "Just hours before the start of Saturday night's Coke Zero 400 at Daytona International Speedway, NASCAR announced that Sprint Cup Series driver A.J. Allmendinger has...", 'Former Penn State star Lydell Mitchell visited Joe Paterno about a week and a half ago, hoping to get just a moment with his ailing coach.After an emotional hour and...', 'Penn State tailback Silas Redd still stands by his former coach Joe Paterno. Defensive tackle Jordan Hill does, too.Redd, Hill and the rest of the Nittany Lions are ...', 'With his championship-winning resume, Alabama coach Nick Saban hardly needs a pat on the back from a fellow coach to feel appreciated.Joe Paterno might be the only g...', 'Florida State has extended Jimbo Fisher\'s contract for one year, taking the head football coach through the 2015 season.Fisher said in a statement: "Everything is in...', "Ponder's 4 TDs lead No. 20 Florida State to 59-6 win over Samford in Fisher's coaching debut", "For the first time in 34 years, a Florida State football season started without Bobby Bowden on the sideline. It's Jimbo Fisher's team now, though against Samford it..."]