["Blessing' Some of the famous names who've done rehab at Malibu facilities include David Hasselhoff, Britney Spears and  Andy Dick . Lindsay Lohan is currently undergoing court-mandated treatment at the famous Cliffside Malibu facility. Richard Taite ", 'Hospital" star Ingo Rademacher was voted off the show last week. He was preceded by "The Bachelor" star Sean Lowe, comedian  Andy Dick , boxing champion Victor Ortiz, comedian D.L. Hughley, Judd and reality TV star Lisa Vanderpump. Because of an injury ', "Charleston. MORE: Can't get enough Dancing with the Stars? Check out the show's official Slacker Radio station! Comedian  Andy Dick  was voted off the show last week. He was preceded by boxing champion Victor Ortiz, comedian D.L. Hughley, country music ", "minor flaw with Raisman's lifts but said she'd transformed into a passionate dancer. Raisman earned 29 points. RELATED:  Andy Dick  Reacts to Judge Carrie Ann Inaba's Low Score Trio Round In this second round of dances for the night, each star and his ", 'After weeks of obvious struggle on the dance floor, comedian/actor  Andy Dick  was eliminated from ABC\'s "Dancing With the Stars" tonight. Dick hugged Sharna Burgess, his pro dance partner, and held ', "'Dancing With the Stars' Season 16, Week 7: Louis Van Amstel Blogs on Latin Night", "partner, which is typical Rumba.  Andy Dick  and Sharna Burgess' Rumba . Okay type that no one sees coming.... Andy Dick . It's exciting to see what happens Sean Lowe and Peta Murgatroyd: 24  Andy Dick  and Sharna Burgess: 17", "'Dancing With the Stars' Week 7: Raisman Soars to the Top on Latin Night, Pickler Gets Immunity", "the show, gymnast Aly Raisman was in the lead, and comedian  Andy Dick  was in last place. RELATED: 'Dancing With the Stars' Elimination and Kym Johnson: 22, 3: 25 Sean Lowe and Peta Murgatroyd: 24  Andy Dick  and Sharna Burgess: 17", "'Dancing With the Stars' Elimination: Victor Ortiz Booted From Ballroom in Week 6", 'trophy are Lowe, Olympic gymnast Aly Raisman, Disney star Zendaya, country music singer Kellie Pickler, NFL player Jacoby Jones, soap opera star Ingo Rademacher and comedian  Andy Dick . "Dancing With the Stars" is in its 16 th season.', "improving, learning and doing her work. She's a star!  Andy Dick 's Samba: Great routine! He's so much fun to watch. You 23, 22; 45 Sean Lowe and Peta Murgatroyd: 21, 25; 46  Andy Dick  and Sharna Burgess: 18, 25; 43 Victor Ortiz and Lindsay ", "'Dancing With the Stars' Week 6: Kellie Pickler Regains Lead on Stevie Wonder Night", 'presence, slick hip action." Zendaya earned 29 points.  Andy Dick  : The comedian\'s samba won him a standing ovation from the 23, 22; 45 Sean Lowe and Peta Murgatroyd: 21, 25; 46  Andy Dick  and Sharna Burgess: 18, 25; 43 Victor Ortiz and Lindsay ', "'Dancing With the Stars' Season 16: Louis Van Amstel, Sabrina Bryan Blog on Week 5", "The first 10 of the season is deserved. Awesome scores.  Andy Dick  and Sharna Burgess' Paso Doble with Pros Sasha and Emma Sabrina and Lindsey Arnold: 21 D.L. Hughley and Cheryl Burke: 18  Andy Dick  and Sharna Burgess: 18 Pro Louis van Amstel is a three-time ", "delivering a performance that put him in the middle of the pack after judges said he'd shown improvement. He and comedian  Andy Dick  tied for last place after Monday night's performances. RELATED: 'Dancing With the Stars' Week 5 Recap The star with the ", "tango. Comedians DL Hughley and  Andy Dick  were tied as the night's low scorers her the first 10s of the season.  Andy Dick : The comedian and his partner L. Hughley and Cheryl Burke: 18  Andy Dick  and Sharna Burgess: 18", 'Josh, all right, on "dancing with the stars,"  andy dick \'s time in the ballroom has come to an end sadly. Here\'s happens you\'ll go out of it a hero. Well done. Indeed,  andy dick , sharna, we thank you both so much. Congratulations ', 'Josh, all right, on "dancing with the stars," andy dick\'s time in the ballroom has come to an end sadly. Here\'s a look at that moment of truth. On this seventh week ', "whatever happens you'll go out of it a hero. Well done. Indeed, andy dick , sharna, we thank you both so much. Congratulations. Congratulations on everything and we wish you all the best. Thank you. Thanks. ", 'work that music, they better watch their back. Reporter: Kellie pickler danced the rumba to a serenade from her husband.  Andy dick  danced his heart out for his daughter. It was like the simplest poem. Reporter: D.L. Hughley redeemed himself with his ', "they got two calls last night regarding  Andy Dick  possibly having too much to drink. The call around 1 in the morning regarding  Andy Dick  saying He was drunk and had urinated obviously offended by by what had happened.  Andy Dick 's been in trouble before in 1999 He ", "no laughing matter police say they got two calls last night regarding Andy Dick possibly having too much to drink. The first call came at around 9 o'clock at the corner pockets in -- area. Police ", "miles away. Police got another call around 1 in the morning regarding Andy Dick saying He was drunk and had urinated in the bush isn't and possibly sexually battered a seventeen year old girl. Yes she was traumatized by it obviously. She as well as one of her friends and also another witness. Actually signed a private person's arrest placing Mr. Big into police custody. She was obviously offended by by what had happened. Andy Dick's been in trouble before in 1999 He faced drug and alcohol charges when police say He drove his car into a tree in Los Angeles then just last year on the Jimmy Kimmel show He was escorted by security guards off the sets. After He grabs the bucket -- arm and asked her to give him a quote. Big fat sloppy kiss. Back to what happened early this morning police say they also found a -- of marijuana and one xanax pill in his pocket. Andy Dick is charged with drug possession sexual battery and possibly public intoxication. This is Robert Millen for ABC news. ", 'Andy Dick  survives another night as Victor Ortiz is kicked off "Dancing With the Stars."', 'Wynonna Judd heads home from "Dancing With the Stars" as  Andy Dick  survives another week.']