['thing he\'s never lacked is charisma. Whether hoofing it in a Broadway musical or crooning as Jean Valjean in " Les Miserables ," that charisma makes him always worth watching. And so, whether you\'re an X-Men fan or not, it\'s Jackman ', 'fascinating to me and that\'s why I keep coming back." Last year, Jackman starred in the film adaptation of " Les Miserables " as the iconic Jean Valjean, picking up a Golden Globe win and an Oscar nomination for his effort. In between ', 'Oscar for Best Picture went to "Argo." (Ben Affleck\'s "Argo" was a dark horse that beat out frontrunner " Les Miserables " and "Lincoln.") Super Bowl XLVII: Baltimore Ravens defeat the San Francisco 49ers 34-31.', 'character that catapulted him to stardom in 2000. In a recent interview with The Associated Press, the versatile " Les Miserables " star talked about returning to Comic-Con to face fans enraged by 2009\'s "X-Men Origins: Wolverine," teaming ', 'about love and sex coincides with her upcoming role as porn star Linda Lovelace in the biopic "Lovelace." The " Les Miserables " actress landed the role once coveted by Lindsay Lohan, Olivia Wilde and Kate Hudson. "I read the script and I ', 'Lovelace" Trailer Amanda Seyfried has come a long way from her "Mean Girls" and "Mamma Mia!" days. The " Les Miserables " actress stars as porn star Linda Lovelace in the upcoming movie "Lovelace" whose trailer has just been released ', 'Carter Cash had already died when Witherspoon, 37, took on the role. Amanda Seyfried With films like "Chloe" and " Les Miserables " on her resume, Amanda Seyfried, 27, has demonstrated both acting and singing chops. Add to the plus category ', 'Hathaway reportedly donned her second-choice dress for the Academy Awards this year after she learned that her " Les Miserables " co-star, Amanda Seyfried, was wearing a gown that was remarkably similar to the one she had originally planned ', 'PHOTOS: Racy Celebrity Covers She also used her experience playing Lovelace to improve her singing performance for " Les Miserables ." Seyfried said she imagined "deep-throating" to "get that feeling in the back of your throat, and then sing ', 'Never anything as hairy the airport escape scene in "Argo" or the crash-landing of "Flight." More like " Les Miserables ." You know, stuck in a middle seat with no legroom, no nothing (but at least no one sings). Lately though I\'ve ', 'Female Performance Anne Hathaway,  Les Miserables  Mila Kunis, Ted Jennifer Lawrence a Wallflower Eddie Redmayne,  Les Miserables  Suraj Sharma, Life of Pi Quvenzhane Musical Moment Anne Hathaway,  Les Miserables  Channing Tatum, Matt Bomer ', 'Christmas wishes. Among Su-Bo\'s co-stars is Samantha Barks, who played Eponine in the Oscar-nominated film " Les Miserables ," and who just performed on the Oscars. The two should have a lot to talk about because Boyle, 51, first shot ', '(Jason Merritt/Getty Images) Actress Anne Hathaway won an Oscar for Best Supporting actress, but the " Les Miserables " star has received backlash about the dress she donned on the red carpet. Hathaway, 30, is rumored to have swapped ', 'laughs. Meryl streep is not here tonight. She has the flu. I hear she\'s amazing in it. Reporter: And -- " les miserables ." Reporter: At the 70th anniversary golden globes. The silver screen remake of broadway\'s "les mis," taking ', 'has the flu. I hear she\'s amazing in it. Reporter: And -- " les miserables ." Reporter: At the 70th anniversary golden globes. The silver screen remake of broadway\'s "les mis," taking home three statues. Anne hathaway dreamed ', 'Actor and director show Peter Travers why Tom Hooper erred in his casting decisions.', '" Les Miserables " star chats about the Academy Awards while filming a new movie in Atlanta.', 'rushmore than daniel day-lewis for taking home theaward for best actor. Hugh jackman, first-time nominee of " les miserables ." . Gets it. No actor playing an u.S. President has won an academy award. If daniel day lewis doesn\'t win ', 'for taking home theaward for best actor. Hugh jackman, first-time nominee of " les miserables ." . Gets it. No actor playing an u.S. President has won an academy award. If daniel day lewis doesn\'t win the best ', 'But on the best performance, I\'m actually going to get out of my comfort zone and go with anne hathaway in " les miserables ." That was a very raw performance. George and steven and I can be movie buddies. I\'m also going to go with ', 'get out of my comfort zone and go with anne hathaway in " les miserables ." That was a very raw performance. George and steven and I can be movie buddies. I\'m also going to go with "zero ']