['Telfer ("Saved by the Bell") is 36. Country singer  Zac Brown  is 35. Actor B.J. Novak ("The Office") is 34 Army Wives") is 41. Violinist Jimmy De Martini of  Zac Brown Band  is 37. Actress Evangeline Lilly is 34. Singer Holly ', 'Performance "Pontoon," Little Big Town Best Country Song "Blown Away," Carrie Underwood Best Country Album Uncaged,  Zac Brown Band  Song Written For Visual Media "Safe & Sound" (From The Hunger Games), Taylor Swift, John Paul White, Joy Williams ', 'Best Country Solo Performance, which was won by Carrie Underwood for "Blown Away," and Best Country Album, which  Zac Brown Band  won for "Uncaged." Underwood told the crowd, "Country music has always been so good to me, and I thank the Lord ', 'Grammy Performances: Ziggy Marley, Bruno Mars, Sting and Rihanna Pay Tribute to Bob Marley', 'Helm, drummer and singer for Rock and Roll Hall of Famers The Band, featured a dream team of Elton John, country star  Zac Brown , soul legend Mavis Staples, Mumford & Sons, producer and guitarist T Bone Burnett and Brittany Howard of alt-rockers ', 'FAVORITE FEMALE ARTIST - COUNTRY Miranda Lambert Taylor Swift Carrie Underwood FAVORITE BAND, DUO or GROUP - COUNTRY  Zac Brown Band  Lady Antebellum Rascal Flatts FAVORITE ALBUM - COUNTRY Luke Bryan/ tailgates & tanlines Lionel Richie/ Tuskegee Carrie ', 'Those Nights" Miranda Lambert - "Fastest Girl in Town"  Zac Brown Band  - "Goodbye in Her Eyes" Dierks Bentley - "Tip It On Country Must Be Country Wide" Keith Urban feat.  Zac Brown  - "Georgia Woods" Brad Paisley - "Southern Comfort ', 'Church. Female artist, country: Miranda Lambert, Taylor Swift, Carrie Underwood. Band, duo or group, country:  Zac Brown Band , Lady Antebellum, Rascal Flatts. Album, country: Luke Bryan, "Tailgates & Tanlines"; Lionel Richie, "Tuskegee ', 'a slideshow of the red carpet at he CMT Music Awards  Zac Brown Band  performed their brand-new single, "The Wind in My Hand." Willie Nelson welcomed Jamey Johnson,  Zac Brown Band , Darius Rucker and Toby Keith for a group performance ', 'year." That fun vibe is spilling over to the night\'s performances too. Keith is teaming up with Willie Nelson,  Zac Brown Band , Jamey Johnson and Darius Rucker for a collaboration on Nelson\'s song "Roll Me Up." Of course, the song addresses ', 'ACM Awards 2012: Reba McEntire and Blake Shelton Host as Taylor Swift, Miranda Lambert, Lady Antebellum Take Home Top Awards', 'Paisley performed "Camouflage," and also joined the  Zac Brown Band  for "Whiskey\'s Gone." Brad was sporting the same knit cap as  Zac  during the performance. Introducing the Female Vocalist ', "Saadiq Tonight's The Kind of Night - Noah and the Whale We Take Care of our Own - Bruce Springsteen Keep Me In Mind -  Zac Brown Band  The Weight - Aretha Franklin Even Better Than The Real Thing - U2 Home - Dierks Bentley -Jake Tapper and Devin Dwyer", 'CMA Awards 2011: Taylor Swift Named Entertainer of the Year, The Band Perry Wins Three', 'Rucker and Rascal Flatts. Rock legend Gregg Allman of the Allman Brothers even made an appearance, sitting in with the  Zac Brown Band  on the standard "Georgia." Once again, Brad Paisley and Carrie Underwood hosted the telecast, and got big laughs ', 'singers providing the harmonies. Passengers can croon or caterwaul over 100 popular songs from artists like ABBA ,  Zac Brown Band , the Beatles , Taylor Swift , Bon Jovi and Lady Gaga . The program, called "Superstar Live Karaoke," is already ', 'seen these. Award number one, nominees for best musical event. And they are, dixie highway by alex jackson and  zac brown band . "Feel like a rock star." "Roll me up and smoke me when i die." "Safe & sound." Taylor swift and the civil ', 'best musical event. And they are, dixie highway by alex jackson and zac brown band . "Feel like a rock star." "Roll me up and smoke me when i die." "Safe & sound." Taylor swift and the civil ', 'The nominees for vocal group of the year are, eli young band. Lady antebellum. Little big town. The band perry.  Zac brown band . Love it. All right. All right. The nominees for male vocalist of the year are, jason aldean. What do you know ', 'are, eli young band. Lady antebellum. Little big town. The band perry. Zac brown band . Love it. All right. All right. The nominees for male vocalist of the year are, jason aldean. What do you know? Luke ']