['Monday, Obama dropped in on a private White House meeting with celebrities including singer Jennifer Hudson and actors  Amy Poehler  and Kal Penn. The White House said the artists expressed interest in helping spread the word about the health insurance ', 'Obama stopped by a private White House meeting Monday with celebrities including singer Jennifer Hudson and actors  Amy Poehler , Michael Cera and Kal Penn. The White House says the artists expressed interest in helping spread the word about the ', 'Obama stopped by a private White House meeting Monday with celebrities including singer Jennifer Hudson and actors  Amy Poehler , Michael Cera and Kal Penn. The White House says the artists expressed interest in helping spread the word about the ', 'Obama stopped by a private White House meeting Monday with celebrities including singer Jennifer Hudson and actors  Amy Poehler , Michael Cera and Kal Penn. The White House says the artists expressed interest in helping spread the word about the ', 'Obama stopped by a private White House meeting Monday with celebrities including singer Jennifer Hudson and actors  Amy Poehler , Michael Cera and Kal Penn. The White House says the artists expressed interest in helping spread the word about the ', 'comedy acting honors are Laura Dern for "Enlightened"; Lena Dunham for "Girls"; Edie Falco for "Nurse Jackie";  Amy Poehler  for "Parks and Recreation" and Julia Louis-Dreyfus, who claimed the trophy last year for "Veep." Most of the ', 'Series: Laura Dern, "Enlightened," HBO; Lena Dunham, "Girls," HBO; Edie Falco, "Nurse Jackie," Showtime;  Amy Poehler , "Parks and Recreation," NBC; Tina Fey, "30 Rock," NBC; Julia Louis-Dreyfus, "Veep," HBO. Supporting ', 'Tina Fey, 30 Rock Lena Dunham, Girls Julia Louis-Dreyfus, Veep Laura Dern, Enlightened Edie Falco, Nurse Jackie  Amy Poehler , Parks and Recreation Outstanding Lead Actor in a Comedy Series Alec Baldwin, 30 Rock Jason Bateman, Arrested Development ', 'Julia Louis-Dreyfus, "Veep"; Tina Fey, "30 Rock"; Zooey Deschanel, "New Girl"; Lena Dunham, "Girls";  Amy Poehler , "Parks and Recreation"; Laura Dern, "Enlightened" "If I was betting, I would say Julia Louis-Dreyfus ', 'years. Swift tells her fans to expect the unexpected when The RED Tour rolls into their town. RELATED: Tina Fey,  Amy Poehler  Respond to Taylor Swift\'s \'Special Place in Hell\' Comment "I really like the element of surprise, and I really ', "that her love life -- a topic mined for tabloid fodder and album lyrics alike -- had been the punchline to a joke  Amy Poehler  and Tina Fey made during the Golden Globes . Swift responded by paraphrasing TV host Katie Couric's paraphrasing of ", "Tina Fey, Amy Poehler  Respond to Taylor Swift's 'Special Place in Hell' Comment", "As Tina Fey and  Amy Poehler  tell it, Taylor Swift just can't take a joke. The two comediennes joke was funny, as it turns out, Swift was not laughing. READ:  Amy Poehler  and Tina Fey's Best Golden Globe Moments The seven-time Grammy ", "Dern and lights and Lena Dunham girls. Edie Falco nurse Jackie. Tina Fey 30 Rock. Julia Louis-Dreyfus. The and  Amy Poehler  parks and restoration. Here this year's nominees for reality competition program. The Amazing Race. Shock. Dancing ", "Edie Falco nurse Jackie. Tina Fey 30 Rock. Julia Louis-Dreyfus. The and Amy Poehler parks and restoration. Here this year's nominees for reality competition program. The Amazing Race. Shock. Dancing With The Stars. Project Runway. So ", 'Amy Poehler  asks store employee more hard hitting questions in this extended version of the ad.', 'about an historic first this week.  Amy poehler  and tina fey, named co-hosts girls live a big, brave life.  Amy poehler  is our "person of the week" and questions when you\'re 40. Reporter:  Amy poehler  knows how to make people laugh ', 'And finally tonight, we told you about an historic first this week. Amy poehler and tina fey, named co-hosts of the golden globes. The first time two women will do the honors. But you should know, poehler is already handing out something pretty golden. Really smart advice to help young girls live a big, brave life. Amy poehler is our "person of the week" and she sat down with abc\'s david wright. Am I enough? Do I fit in? You still ask those questions when you\'re 40. Reporter: Amy poehler knows how to make people laugh. Really congress? You held a congressional committee on preproductive rights and you didn\'t invite any women? ', "life will unfold the way it's supposed to. And so, we choose, amy poehler . Chef says there's power in looking silly and not caring what you do. ", 'But all that soul may come at a cost it all started at the Golden Globe awards when the queens of comedy Tina Fey and  Amy Poehler . Teased us with about her love life you know what let you stay away from my budget cuts It. This week we discovered ', 'the Golden Globe awards when the queens of comedy Tina Fey and Amy Poehler . Teased us with about her love life you know what -- let you stay away from my budget cuts -- It. This ']