['details from the George Zimmerman murder trial.  Wiz Khalifa  and Amber Rose Tie the Knot  Rapper Wiz Khalifa  and model Amber Rose say they are married less worrying. Slightly. Rose, 29, and  Khalifa , 25, have a son together and announced their ', 'Henry V," Ronald Reagan and George C. Scott in the movie "Patton." On the other hand, Sen. Marco Rubio quoted  rapper Wiz Khalifa , Jay-Z and a few lines from "The Godfather" movies. (Specifically Michael Corleone\'s warning to Fredo ', 'a boy for  Wiz Khalifa  and Amber Rose! The  rapper  and his fiance world," the  rapper  tweeted It appears  the Wiz  is off to photo of the  rapper  holding their December,  Khalifa  said he\'s SEE MORE:  Wiz Khalifa , Amber Rose ', 'Grammy Performances: Ziggy Marley, Bruno Mars, Sting and Rihanna Pay Tribute to Bob Marley', 'they were not electrocuted. Miguel performed a brief version of his nominated song "Adorn" with some help from  Wiz Khalifa , and it was enough to make Kelly Clarkson call it "the sexiest damn thing I\'ve ever seen!" Grammy host LL Cool ', "kiwi and a grape made a baby inside Willy Wonka.  Wiz Khalifa Wiz Khalifa  rocked a shirtless look during his Grammy performance Miguel Miguel's striped sequined jacket matched  Wiz Khalifa 's black and white suit, briefly creating a vortex ", 'Elton John later during the show. His "The A Team" is up for song of the year. 6:33 p.m. EST Amber Rose and  Wiz Khalifa  are talking baby. He\'s in white tux and bow tie. She\'s in black Donna Karan and looks like she might give birth ', 'as he was drafted. They were inspired to do a rap video for their football hero by the "Black and Yellow" video  rapper Wiz Khalifa  made for his hometown Pittsburgh Steelers, according to Redden. "At first we just wanted Colin to see it and he ', 'Guns N\' Roses 6. "How You Remind Me" - Nickelback 7. "Hit the Road, Jack" - Ray Charles 8. "Get Rhythm" - Johnny Cash 9. "Heartless" - Kanye West 10. "Young, Wild and Free" - Snoop Dogg &  Wiz Khalifa  (feat. Bruno Mars)', "different Billboard charts, and peaking at No. 1 on the R&B/Hip-Hop Airplay chart, where it's still No. 1.  Wiz Khalifa  jumped on the remix . It was just one of the many gems on the album. What's Next? As for his strategy in 2013 for ", "Wiz Khalifa , Amber Rose: 'Our Son Is Just Going to Know That Daddy Likes to Smoke'", 'Flanigan/WireImage/Getty Images)  Rapper Wiz Khalifa  and fiancee Amber Rose are open In an interview with E! News ,  Khalifa  said he\'s not making any changes natural water birth at home, which  Khalifa  supports. "I\'m looking forward ', 'it," Obama told DJ E.J. Greig of Cincinnati\'s 101.1  The Wiz  in a pre-taped interview . "There\'s probably not a group a path to your door," Obama told Laz, a Cuban-american  rapper /DJ who\'s a well-known and popular figure in the Florida ', 'it," Obama told DJ E.J. Greig of Cincinnati\'s 101.1  The Wiz  in a pre-taped interview . "There\'s probably not a group a path to your door," Obama told Laz, a Cuban-american  rapper /DJ who\'s a well-known and popular figure in the Florida ', 'MTV Video Music Awards Preview: Taylor Swift, Nicki Minaj, Alicia Keys, and More', "then when you get to number one apps are remembered by bill let's build up the anticipation to it it by two chains in  wiz Khalifa . As he may have an album. This is the same song. From these. In the latest which has The last couple weeks nice ", 'up the anticipation to it -- -- it by two chains in wiz Khalifa . As he may have -- an album. This is the same song. From these. In the latest which has -- The last ']