['the voice of chef on South Park but. Juror but for  comedian Bernie Mac  it was always about the kid from south side Chicago affect going to look at it when you walk ethical grass.  Bernie Mac  died after a bout with pneumonia He was only fifty ', 'As the voice of chef on South Park but. Juror but for comedian Bernie Mac it was always about -- the kid from south side Chicago made it big on the road. In the movies even on ', "us news today that actor and  comedian Bernie Mac  has died Mac whose real name and critics with hit sitcom  the Bernie Mac show . And roles in films like ocean's complications of pneumonia.  Bernie Mac  was fifty years old. That is ", "later this month. And finally from us news today that actor and comedian Bernie Mac has died Mac whose real name was. Bernard McCullough won over television audiences and critics with -- hit sitcom the Bernie Mac show And roles in films like ocean's eleven and transformers. He died in Chicago. Hospital this morning from complications of pneumonia. Bernie Mac was fifty years old. That is it. For today's webcast remember you can always get the latest on a website abcnews.com. I'm ", "The late entertainer  Bernie Mac  had a rare disease called suck quite be damaged throughout the body.  Bernie Mac 's publicist has said the comedians comment by the bizarre terrible tragedy  Bernie Mac  can really sad. His publicist had ", "The late entertainer Bernie Mac had a rare disease called suck quite doses this is Venus just diseases -- mark Connelly an African Americans in this country. And it's an immune system disorder that leads to sales clustering causing organs to be damaged throughout the body. Bernie Mac's publicist has said the comedians illness was in remission and wasn't related to didn't pneumonia that killed and at age fifty. Still ", "you're Carol liners. Have you back. Up again actor  comedian  and probably for it. On the hit series in living color to since in the move a you've done a lot of don't  Bernie Mac  show. On Malcolm and Eddie do the voice on another proud ", "on Broadway you're Carol liners. Have you back. Up again -- actor comedian and probably for -- it. On the hit series in living color. On here who. Owns about shelves everything he's the real ", 'Recalling  Bernie Mac , Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn, Bernie Brillstein, Peter Rodman.', 'Recalling  Bernie Mac , Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn, Bernie Brillstein, Peter Rodman.', "take a leak. Exactly and it and yeah all. This is the same idea and it's nonsense to me it's not funny just like  Bernie Mac  John what the economy. They cannot impose its funny I mean that's the difference between the satire. Sacks are supposed ", "same idea and it's nonsense to me it's not funny just like Bernie Mac John what the economy. They cannot impose its funny -- -- I mean that's the difference between the satire. Sacks are supposed ", "told a joke yesterday as it turns out yes I don't know if you saw this government. We're talking about a jump the  Bernie Mac  had died at a benefit. And we as it turns out only had a quarter of the hook yeah. Where there is actually what did ", "know if you saw this government. We're talking about a jump the Bernie Mac had died at a benefit. And we as it turns out only had a quarter of the hook yeah. Where there is ", 'base metals. Now if we look beyond that searches for  Bernie Mac  you know very fortunate with his passing before searching for information on  Bernie Mac . And the Miley Cyrus also has always you top of the ', 'the base metals. Now if we look beyond that -- searches for Bernie Mac you know very fortunate with his passing before searching for information on Bernie Mac . And the Miley Cyrus also has always you -- top of the list and now if we segue into politics -- celebrities ', 'interest and I love All right well the very talented  Bernie Mac  who passed away suddenly at the age of fifty. Was working on soul men can you tell us about one. Well not only  Bernie Mac  NIC cage they died in the same weekend this summer which ', "love interest and I love -- All right well the very talented Bernie Mac who passed away suddenly at the age of fifty. Was working on soul men can you tell us about one. Well not only Bernie Mac NIC cage they died in the same weekend this summer which is really tragic events that happened and they're both in this ", "am sorry but eighteen fire piece is the best offer that I could make those people strategies to bargain for a car like  Bernie Mac  in ocean's eleven and if you you I'm him that don't say 716. But shoppers are discovering they can bargain for ", "I could make those people strategies to bargain for a car like Bernie Mac in ocean's eleven and if you -- you -- I'm -- him -- that don't say 716. But -- -- shoppers are ", "Here's ABC's he's down. Well I am sorry 185 piece is the best offer me. Those people to bargain for a car like  Bernie Mac  and ocean's eleven and if you really became. I'm him that downed trees have been sixteen. The easy shoppers are ", "best offer me. Those people -- to bargain for a car like Bernie Mac and ocean's eleven and if you really became. I'm -- him -- that downed trees have been sixteen. The easy shoppers are ", "her mother. On friends and all of these people offensive Robin Williams Antonio Banderas Ramada. They've just great  Bernie Mac  and our first athlete which bush. Are all doing these PSAs for us television spots. And it's great because they put ", "-- Robin Williams Antonio Banderas -- Ramada. They've -- -- just great Bernie Mac and -- our first athlete which bush. Are all doing these PSAs for us television spots. And it's great because they put "]