['and 1980s in his hometown of Memphis, Tenn. He received mainstream attention after his scripted feud with comedian  Andy Kaufman  during the 1980s. Lawler played himself in the 1999 Kaufman biopic, "Man on the Moon." Lawler was inducted into ', 'and 1980s in his hometown of Memphis, Tenn. He received mainstream attention after his scripted feud with comedian  Andy Kaufman  during the 1980s. Lawler played himself in the 1999 Kaufman biopic, "Man on the Moon." Lawler was inducted into ', 'room in Little Rock, Ark., in 1991. Famous Birthdays 1922 Betty White 1931 James Earl Jones 1942 Muhammad Ali 1949  Andy Kaufman  1954 Robert F. Kennedy, Jr. 1957 Steve Harvey 1962 Jim Carrey 1962 Sebastian Junger 1964 Michelle Obama 1971 Kid ', 'as he\'ll bring much needed levity and pop culture." An example of a comedian taking a joke too far may be when  Andy Kaufman  fought wrestling hero Jerry Lawler in the 1980s. The match outraged fight fans who took it as a mockery of their sport ', "usage during Ted Bundy's execution. 3. The BabyInk body art chain specializes in tattooing babies. 2. Comedian  Andy Kaufman  has returned, 20 years after faking his death. 1. The U.S. government plans to track homeless persons by implanting ", 'Immortalized Along With Mr. T, Cyndi Lauper and  Andy Kaufman  Fans who wanted to see Federline get a beating -- even Cyndi Lauper, Dennis Rodman, Jay Leno, and the late  Andy Kaufman  who have thrown their hats into a wrestling ring. Though ', '260 million. The move to drama could hardly be called a failure. His work in The Truman Show and his portrayal of  Andy Kaufman  in Man on the Moon earned raves. But they failed to find an audience. Both those roles earned Carrey Golden Globe ', 'stars who tried to score on TV: Arnold Schwarzenegger, Farrah Fawcett, Steve Martin (before his hair grayed) and  Andy Kaufman , who pretended to be a confused foreigner and refused to answer any questions. Gong Show Rejects The Gong Show was ', "didn't have a little hunk like  Andy Kaufman 's Mighty Mouse. I didn't have thing to do. He said I should cut  Andy Kaufman . I probably didn't have the two too many. Iconoclastic comic  Andy Kaufman  sang along with a recording of ", "health effects. And doctor Shay told ABC news that the research report had objective shortcomings. Both mark Jacoby and  Andy Kaufman  have stopped using for accident but the damage to their bodies done they're both now suing. Procter & Gamble. What ", "news that the research report had objective shortcomings. Both mark Jacoby and Andy Kaufman have stopped using for accident but the damage to their bodies -- -- -- done they're both now suing. Procter & Gamble. ", "the professional aspect of their lives. You try being method for seven years it's weird that you don't like about  Andy Kaufman  or something he was he he would you play jokes forever. So I I've I kept my distance in in a major way so that when ", "being method for seven years it's weird that you don't like about Andy Kaufman or something he was -- -- -- he -- he would you play jokes forever. So I I've I kept my distance ", "lead with what Jay hidden in Billy Crystal and Larry David came a little after that about a year after that and then  Andy Kaufman  vs Sonya that was really time this who like it was us against them you know it's like we were felt like Gypsies like ", "came a little after that about a year after that and then Andy Kaufman vs Sonya that was -- really -- time this who like it was us against them you know it's like we were "]