["spinning a basketball and asked what Beyonce's response was. And he replied... who else does that?? Comedian  Aziz Ansari  jumped in for a great tweet about one of Jay's new songs. But then this random person replied with an amazing response ", 'she\'s forging ahead. "EPIC," which hits theaters on May 24, is a fantasy adventure that also stars the voices of  Aziz Ansari , Amanda Seyfried, Pitbull and Steven Tyler. It tells the story of an ongoing battle between good and evil, and of ', "draw of their Main Street lounge comes from their headline acts. This year's slate includes Drake, Cobra Starship,  Aziz Ansari , Wiz Khalifa and Jason Mraz. The shows are free, so are the plentiful drinks. While Bing won't comment on how ", "going out Saturday night? Of course not. Sundance's historically most hectic night lived up to its reputation, with  Aziz Ansari  and Drake rocking out a packed house at Bing bar (even though the rapper's plane arrived six hours late and he ", 'Wale, and Jason Mraz. The Bing-sponsored bar on Main Street is the place to see and be seen, where headliners like  Aziz Ansari  are slated to entertain packed houses. Gifting suites often draw reality TV and tabloid stars - the Lohans, the Hiltons ', '20-something pizza delivery guy who spends most of his time fighting with his ex-best friend, grade school teacher Chet ( Aziz Ansari ). One night Nick delivers a pizza to two lowlifes, Dwayne and Travis (Danny McBride and Nick Swardson) who conspire ', 'There are the loud, brash, in-your-face folks (see: Will Ferrell ,  Aziz Ansari  , Kathy Griffin ). Then there are the quieter comedians. The subtler sort. Zach Galifianakis belongs to that camp, a dollop ', "He's got credentials. Louisiana Governor Bobby Jindal:  Aziz Ansari  Bobby Jindal 's made a big production of jetting about more worthy of satire. Who better to pull it off than  Aziz Ansari ? The comedian of the moment clearly cares about the ", "seen the ads on television, you've pretty much seen this already. This film is packed with cameos from the likes of  Aziz Ansari , Lars Ulrich and Paul Krugman, just to name a few. (Yes, Paul Krugman!) If you are looking for a comedy classic ", 'too-tight dress pants and suspenders to shimmy to Ludacris\' "Get Back" with, inexplicably, Jennifer Lopez. Host  Aziz Ansari  contributed another song and dance, impersonating R. Kelly in a hilarious lyrical tribute to "Avatar." Ansari ended ', 'by boss Ron Swanson (Nick Offerman), who is hostile to the idea of serving the public; colleague Tom Haverford ( Aziz Ansari ), a self-serving fast talker who fashions himself a player; and an uninterested college intern, April Ludgate ', 'survive without us. We keep it moist. Moist is what we do. All right, joining us now is the man behind the slug,  aziz ansari , whose voice is mub. How are you? Hi, good experience playing the slug. It was really fun. Normally I play human ', 'do. All right, joining us now is the man behind the slug, aziz ansari , whose voice is mub. How are you? Hi, good experience playing the slug. It was really fun. Normally I play human beings, ', 'curators shop called art of analysts see him and all. Proceeds from the shop go to this it. And people like well as  Aziz ansari . Amy Smart have all picked out that favorite things that they were alive in their medicine cabinet in the morning governor ', 'to -- -- this -- it. And people like -- well as Aziz ansari . Amy Smart have all picked out that favorite things that they were alive in their medicine cabinet -- -- in the morning ', "the end that campaign with a guy named bush with those vote Next President Obama New York fund raiser with comedian  Aziz ansari . Like the only thing she thinks. Is worth I want to thank him for what he said earlier I knows he's backstage but ", '-- -- Next President Obama -- New York fund raiser with comedian Aziz ansari . -- -- -- -- -- Like the only thing she thinks. Is worth -- -- I want to thank him for what ']