['A Senate panel moved ahead Tuesday on legislation that would impose tough sanctions on Russian human rights violators, a bill certain to be linked to congressional e...', 'A Senate panel moved ahead Tuesday on legislation that would impose tough sanctions on Russian human rights violators, a bill certain to be linked to congressional e...', 'A bill that would open up trade relations with Russia cleared Congress and headed for President Obama\'s desk Thursday, but Russia denounced the bill as "absurd" and ...', 'Judy Gross, the wife of U.S. aid subcontractor Alan Gross, who is imprisoned in Cuba , urged President Barack Obama to "take the first step" toward negotiating his r...', "A Maryland lawmaker apologized Tuesday for involving a police boat and helicopter in his marriage proposal to his girlfriend at the Inner Harbor, the city's police c...", 'Sen. Benjamin Cardin, D-Md., introduced a bill that would allow newspapers to choose tax-exempt status. They would no longer be able to make political endorsements, ...', 'WASHINGTON -- Struggling newspapers should be allowed to operate as nonprofits similar to public broadcasting stations, Sen. Benjamin Cardin, D-Md., proposed Tuesday...', 'Critics Say Senate Bill to Rescue Newspapers May Invite Government Control of News', "Call it the opening salvo of the broadsheet bailout. Castaway columnists and struggling stringers might be America's next charity case if Sen. Benjamin Cardin has hi...", 'Sen. Dick Durbin claimed Tuesday that American Muslims face charges today that they are "not real Americans," as he convened a hearing on Muslim civil rights to coun...', 'With television lights glaring, 20 lawmakers will gather next week to revisit the fight that consumed Congress before Christmas over renewing a Social Security payro...', 'Online piracy costs U.S. copyright owners and producers billions of dollars every year, but legislation in Congress to block foreign Internet thieves and swindlers h...', 'The House Foreign Relations Committee voted Thursday to penalize Russian human rights violators in a measure that could complicate efforts to normalize trade relatio...', 'Online piracy costs U.S. copyright owners and producers billions of dollars every year, but legislation in Congress to block foreign Internet thieves and swindlers h...', "The special panel's goal is lofty: concoct a deal both parties will embrace to slash federal deficits by a mammoth $1.5 trillion or more over the next decade.Yet fro...", "The special panel's goal is lofty: concoct a deal both parties will embrace to slash federal deficits by a mammoth $1.5 trillion or more over the next decade.Yet fro...", "Senators voiced concern Tuesday that the United States has lost influence with African governments as China has emerged as the continent's main trading partner and a..."]