['The Soup Don Mischer Producer/director. Won fifteen  Emmy  Awards, ten Directors Guild of America Awards for Outstanding Desperate Housewives Larry Wilmore The Office, Whoopi,  The Bernie Mac Show , In Living Color, Fresh Prince of Bel Air Paul Junger ', 'stormed Belgrade, forcing him into hiding. Famous Birthdays 1864 Louis Lumiere 1951 Bob Geldof 1952 Clive Barker 1957  Bernie Mac  1975 Kate Winslet 1983 Jesse Eisenberg Jump back to Oct. 4: Day in History . View more videos from This Month in History ', 'kick the screwball factor up a notch by installing a  comedian , as the movie "Charlie\'s Angels: Full Throttle" did when it cast the late  Bernie Mac  as Bosley. Tracy Morgan , anyone? Charlie Townsend ', 'Bernie Mac  , 50 -- Actor and  comedian . Known for his stand-up and TV series " The Bernie Mac Show ," he went on to star in such movies as "Ocean\'s Eleven" and "Charlie\'s Angels: Full Throttle." Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn ', "Whose political purgatory will last longer -- Jesse Jackson's or Phil Gramm's? Whose joke fell flatter --  Bernie Mac 's, or that one on The New Yorker cover ? Which Monday fight has the most implications -- Sen. John McCain vs. Sen ", 'Research to that end. But the disease has perhaps gotten the most attention from the untimely death of actor- comedian Bernie Mac  last week. Mac battled the illness, which had plagued him with lung problems, for 25 years before he died Aug ', 'news of the couple\'s breakup, Aniston lands at No. 3 on the index, behind former Sen. John Edwards and the late  Bernie Mac . Mayer hit No. 7. Despite the couple\'s split, Aniston\'s personal life is not likely to fade. "Jen is still ', 'When Malcolm Lee got the call over the weekend that  Bernie Mac  had died, the director says he was overcome by grief didn\'t have to entertain the crew and bystanders, but the  comedian  wouldn\'t hear it. "He said, \'These people made ', 'been cheated out of  Bernie Mac \'s second act. Dead appreciated sitcom " The Bernie Mac Show ". But as with any the next year with " The Bernie Mac Show ." Loosely based on earned "Mac" two  Emmy  nominations. But as ', 'Chicago fundraiser last night,  comedian Bernie Mac  said his "little nephew came to statement saying, "Sen. Obama told  Bernie Mac  that he doesn\'t condone these at a Democratic fundraiser,  comedian  Whoopi Goldberg made a joke using ', "TV it's now start here.  Comedian Bernie Mac  died this morning after suffering complications from pneumonia outside sensibility and never left in critical success of  the Bernie Mac show . Every time you broke the fourth wall to commiserate America's ", "sensibility and never left -- in -- -- -- critical success of the Bernie Mac show Every time you broke the fourth wall to commiserate -- America's parents. The punchline -- sincere. Analysts and net income to Selma. ", 'the voice of chef on South Park but. Juror but for  comedian Bernie Mac  it was always about the kid from south side Chicago affect going to look at it when you walk ethical grass.  Bernie Mac  died after a bout with pneumonia He was only fifty ', 'As the voice of chef on South Park but. Juror but for comedian Bernie Mac it was always about -- the kid from south side Chicago made it big on the road. In the movies even on ', "us news today that actor and  comedian Bernie Mac  has died Mac whose real name and critics with hit sitcom  the Bernie Mac show . And roles in films like ocean's complications of pneumonia.  Bernie Mac  was fifty years old. That is ", "later this month. And finally from us news today that actor and comedian Bernie Mac has died Mac whose real name was. Bernard McCullough won over television audiences and critics with -- hit sitcom the Bernie Mac show And roles in films like ocean's eleven and transformers. He died in Chicago. Hospital this morning from complications of pneumonia. Bernie Mac was fifty years old. That is it. For today's webcast remember you can always get the latest on a website abcnews.com. I'm ", "The late entertainer  Bernie Mac  had a rare disease called suck quite be damaged throughout the body.  Bernie Mac 's publicist has said the comedians comment by the bizarre terrible tragedy  Bernie Mac  can really sad. His publicist had ", "The late entertainer Bernie Mac had a rare disease called suck quite doses this is Venus just diseases -- mark Connelly an African Americans in this country. And it's an immune system disorder that leads to sales clustering causing organs to be damaged throughout the body. Bernie Mac's publicist has said the comedians illness was in remission and wasn't related to didn't pneumonia that killed and at age fifty. Still ", "you're Carol liners. Have you back. Up again actor  comedian  and probably for it. On the hit series in living color to since in the move a you've done a lot of don't  Bernie Mac  show. On Malcolm and Eddie do the voice on another proud ", "on Broadway you're Carol liners. Have you back. Up again -- actor comedian and probably for -- it. On the hit series in living color. On here who. Owns about shelves everything he's the real ", 'Recalling  Bernie Mac , Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn, Bernie Brillstein, Peter Rodman.']