["show's brief item that. He hit. And with his impersonation not only but also Mitt Romney which he did it. Good job  Bill Hader  and Fred Armisen I'll have previously announced that they will not be returning also new cast it is going to be interest ", "-- but also Mitt Romney which he did it. Good job -- Bill Hader and Fred Armisen I'll have previously announced that they will not be returning also -- -- new cast it is going to ", 'company who quits his job before the business goes on to makes millions. The star-studded cast includes Jon Hamm,  Bill Hader , Eva Mendes, Kate Hudson, Danny McBride, Michael Keaton, and J.B. Smoove, who appeared in "Curb."', 'them, but they deserved it." The film, which opens Friday, was written and directed by Maggie Carey, wife of actor  Bill Hader  ("Saturday Night Live"). They met in improv class at the Upright Citizens Brigade Theatre and first worked together ', 'them, but they deserved it." The film, which opens Friday, was written and directed by Maggie Carey, wife of actor  Bill Hader  ("Saturday Night Live"). They met in improv class at the Upright Citizens Brigade Theatre and first worked together ', 'and Shoemaker assisted in hiring cast members for the sketch show, many of whom voice characters in "The Awesomes."  Bill Hader , Kenan Thompson, Taran Killam and Rachel Dratch lend their voices to the 10-epidosde season. "This would not have come ', 'show has been "really, really amazing." It\'s an exodus of male cast members at "SNL." Both Fred Armisen and  Bill Hader  previously announced they were leaving the show. Seth Meyers will be replacing Jimmy Fallon on his late-night talk ', 'Trailer Next season will be an interesting one for the sketch comedy show, which has also lost longtime cast members  Bill Hader  , Fred Armisen and Seth Meyers, who was tapped as the new host of "Late Night," replacing Jimmy Fallon. "It\'s ', 'city, with three historical reenactments from various time periods in the same location. Celebrity guests include  Bill Hader  and Kevin Nealon. Konner said that while it can be amusing to film a drunken friend telling a story, it\'s "far and ', 'throws Brandy off her stride. Her nonchalant response to the constant hazing from her coworkers and slacker boss Willy ( Bill Hader ) earns her some respect, however, particularly when she elicits the well-kept secret that could get Willy fired ', 'Night Live" as Jay-Z explaining how in his new gig as a sports agent he only represents winners. Former "SNL" star  Bill Hader  spoofed Russian president Vladimir Putin, who was accused by New England Patriots owner Robert Kraft of stealing his ', 'Ferguson, "Modern Family," ABC; Ed O\'Neill, "Modern Family," ABC; Ty Burrell, "Modern Family," ABC;  Bill Hader , "Saturday Night Live," NBC; Tony Hale, "Veep," HBO. Supporting Actress, Comedy Series: Mayim Bialik ', "Series Adam Driver, Girls Jessey Tyler Ferguson, Modern Family Ed O'Neill, Modern Family Ty Burrell, Modern Family  Bill Hader , Saturday Night Live Tony Hale, Veep Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Comedy Series Mayim Bialik, The Big Bang ", 'spends all his downtime watching VHS tapes of professional car races, especially the many won by his hero, Guy Gagne ( Bill Hader , amusingly assuming a French-Canadian accent). Of course, the message of the film, as with so many other kid-inspirational ', 'themselves," Spitzer said. "And this is something that I think infected me." "Saturday Night Live" cast member  Bill Hader , who did an impression of Spitzer in a 2010 skit, was also scheduled to appear. Leno gleefully seized on Spitzer\'s ', "show's brief item that. He hit. And with his impersonation not only but also Mitt Romney which he did it. Good job  Bill Hader  and Fred Armisen I'll have previously announced that they will not be returning also new cast it is going to be interest ", "-- but also Mitt Romney which he did it. Good job -- Bill Hader and Fred Armisen I'll have previously announced that they will not be returning also -- -- new cast it is going to ", 'that was it. Don\'t despair, wiig has several projects in the works including "anchorman 2" and something with  bill hader . Magical news on channing tatum. You know he was here last week not that I noticed and he talked a little about his ', 'has several projects in the works including "anchorman 2" and something with bill hader . Magical news on channing tatum. You know he was here last week not that I noticed and he talked a little about ', "products in the ago on the way Kristen wig that the by Jason Bateman and a very. As Steve to Hollywood actress and it's  Bill Hader  and after the trio And it's it's. Comedy. That you could you agree with that it's absolutely a lot of smudges ", "Jason Bateman and a very. As Steve to Hollywood actress and it's Bill Hader and after the trio -- And it's it's. Comedy. That you could you agree with that it's absolutely a lot of smudges "]