['Lucas Glover fired a 9-under 62 on Friday to jump into a share of the lead after 36 holes of the John Deere Classic.Glover ended 36 holes at 12-under-par 130. Defending champion Zach Johnson managed a 5-under 66 to end alongside Glover.The two former major champions share the lead with Patrick Reed, who fired an 8-under 63 on Friday.Matt Jones posted a 65 and is alone in fourth place at minus-11.Jerry Kelly and Troy Matteson both fired 64s to jump to 10-under 132. They were joined in fifth place by David Hearn (66), Kevin Streelman (66) and Daniel Summerhays (67).Three-time champion Steve Stricker (66) is one of five players tied for 10th at minus-9.Camilo Villegas, who shared the first-round lead with Johnson at TPC Deere Run, struggled to a 2-over 73 and he tumbled into a tie for 36th.Glover, the 2009 U.S. Open champion, rolled in a 7-footer birdie on his first hole, the 10th, then stuffed his approach inside a foot at the 12th. After kicking that in, he parred the next three.The 33-...', 'Charley Hoffman and Kevin Sutherland won their respective qualifiers on Monday to advance to the U.S. Open Championship at Merion next week.Hoffman was at the larges...', "PGA TOUR - RBC HERITAGE, Harbour Town Golf Links, Hilton Head, South Carolina - A week after the season's first major, the PGA Tour makes the short trip from Augusta...", 'Stewart Cink and Bill Haas wound up with a share of the lead Saturday in the Houston Open, and they have plenty of company.Cink is winless in 75 starts on the PGA To...', 'Bill Haas and Stewart Cink moved into a tie for the lead Saturday after three rounds of the Houston Open.Haas carded a 5-under 67, while Cink posted a 4-under 68. Th...', 'D.A. Points waited out a lengthy weather delay on Sunday before carding a 6-under 66 to win the Houston Open.Points finished the tournament at 16-under-par 272 to ca...', 'D.A. Points came back from a long rain delay and made four pars, the last one giving him a one-shot victory in the Houston Open and a trip to the Masters.With a putt...', 'Tiger Woods cared more about the number of rounds left at Torrey Pines than the number of PGA Tour wins belonging to the guys chasing him.When the second round ended...', 'PGA TOUR - WASTE MANAGEMENT PHOENIX OPEN, TPC Scottsdale, Scottsdale, Arizona - The PGA Tour heads to Phoenix this week for the annual party in the desert.The rowdie...', "Ben Crane has withdrawn from the PGA Championship because of a back injury.It's the second straight major that Crane has missed, though this one could not be helped....", "Chris Stroud has replaced an injured Ben Crane in the field for the PGA Championship.The year's fourth and final major starts Thursday on the Ocean Course at Kiawah ...", 'The CIMB Classic 2013, the first official PGA Tour FedExCup event in Asia, will move to the Kuala Lumpur Golf & Country Club, organizers announced Thursday.Phil Mick...', 'Phil Mickelson is heading to Malaysia later this year for the CIMB Classic.The PGA Tour announced Thursday that CIMB Classic is moving from The Mines to Kuala Lumpur...', 'Bubba Watson bogeyed three of the last six holes on Saturday to fall back into a share of the lead after three rounds of the Travelers Championship.Watson posted an ...', "There is no reason golf should take this long to play.That's why players at Merion for the U.S. Open received a notice when they registered that warned about pace of...", "Once he became eligible to play a few Asian tournaments, Ben Crane wasn't immediately sure he wanted to go halfway around the world for golf. It's already paying off...", "When Mark Wilson got to 8 under through 11 holes on the Palmer Private course Friday, he seriously discussed golf's magic number with playing partner Harrison Frazar...", 'Friday At TPC Southwind Memphis, Tenn. Purse: $5.7 million Yardage: 7,239; Par: 70 Second Round SCORE THRU 1. Harris English -10 F 2. Shawn Stefani -8 F 3. Scott Sta...']