["Read the transcript to the Dateline report, which airs Friday, Sept. 10, 9pm/8C. Click on 'next' to see each part of the episode. The full hour will be available for viewing online, Tuesday, Sept. 14. ", 'And the self-imposed exile with its secret codes, its impossible demands, and her particular hope for the two little girls who are the reason at the heart of the whole disturbing puzzle.', 'LINDA YAMAN: I was working in the same department where he was studying for his PhD. ', 'DR. MARY TRACY BEE: I always remember Linda saying, "I\'m not gonna get married." ', 'LINDA YAMAN (home video): Hellooo, I am Linda and this is my wonderful husband Ozgur. ', 'Busy, exciting... big new job for him, brand new country for her... along with a two year old, and another baby on the way,', "It was stressful too, especially as she discovered that this living abroad thing wasn't going to be so easy.", "Turkey, buzzing all around her in words, habits, and foods she simply couldn't fathom.", "To make matters worse, Linda says, it seemed to her that Ozgur, so busy at the university, didn't understand her anxiety.", 'LINDA YAMAN: I really felt that I should have the support of my husband during this really difficult time.', 'KEITH MORRISON: And now came the central moment of our story - the one that would change every bit of family history that came after it.', "... Ozgur at home caring for the children, Helen, Linda's 82-year-old grandmother, at home with them.", 'Linda decided not to say a word to her husband. Instead, she talked to her grandmother, whose memory, with the passage of time, now seemed quite certain.', 'And, more disturbing, she actually saw Ozgur showing signs of sexual arousal when he held two and a half-year-old Amy.', 'KEITH MORRISON: Did you take either of your daughters to a doctor in Turkey to get an opinion about this?', 'So one morning soon after, Linda waited until Ozgur had left for work, then rushed to the airport with the girls and flew back to Michigan.', 'That evening Ozgur arrived home from the university to discover his family had vanished.', "And so, in June 2004, she returned to Ozgur, in Turkey, in defiance of her mother's repeated and very vocal objections.", 'But now, back home with Ozgur, Linda was convinced her mother was the problem, not her husband.', 'She agreed, with Ozgur and abruptly severed all ties with her mother, and set out to restore her marriage. ', "And that's when a secret window opened, a window into a sometimes troubled family past.", '"She told me that she hated my husband from the beginning and that she wished she had killed him before we were married."', 'Still, Linda says, she was uneasy so she pleaded with Ozgur to protect the girls from anything that might be construed as sex abuse.', "LINDA YAMAN: He told me basically you know you have to put these thoughts out of your head of this abuse or we just can't continue.", 'But then, Linda says, the psychologist spoke to Ozgur and heard his side of the story.', "Then Ozgur introduced that letter Linda sent to her mother's therapist, the one that revealed the family history of sex abuse.", 'Linda immediately filed an appeal and was allowed to retain custody of the girls while she waited.', "Except, as you'll see, Linda and her mother Karen were not just idly waiting... nor was the mysterious man they were calling.", 'In July 2007, the supreme court of Turkey announced it had a final verdict in the custody case of Ozgur and Linda Yaman.', 'LINDA YAMAN: I felt that the system had totally failed the girls in protecting them. ', 'KAREN POLIZZI: I was very concerned that immediately, the children would go to him, right then. ', "And in fact, Linda's mother Karen had already put a drastic plan in motion, which involved... this man.", 'And when Karen told her story, says Gus, he just assumed that Linda had legal custody.', 'And so these retired parents re-mortgaged their house, wired the cash to Zamora.', 'KEITH MORRISON: You knew it would be breaking the law because the Turkish court had ruled?', "The mother who'd said she so desperately wanted to escape her ex-husband and rescue her kids, now seemed paralyzed by fear, said Gus. ", 'But the women seemed panicked, he said and suddenly and without any green light from Gus, Linda and Karen snatched up the girls and took off by bus.', 'And finally, in the dark of night, after five frightened weeks in hiding, they gathered up what they could carry and hurried to a local harbor.', 'Forty minutes, a rough crossing, in the black of night, Linda said, with two little girls hidden in the bowels of the boat to a small Greek island miles from the Turkish coast.', 'And that, says Gus, is when he realized the women may not have been exactly straight with him.', "LINDA YAMAN: I'd put the girls in the little foot area where you put your feet... actually get down on the floor and put some pillows on them so they can't be seen! ", "She'd been on the road for months, ever since the U.S. Embassy in Greece denied her request for U.S. passports for the girls.", 'She started north towards Albania and kept driving through the coastal cities of Europe. Three long months on the road until... they arrived here... and stopped running.', "... sent care packages for their granddaughters, and having financed their daughter's life on the run, they struggled with worry and debt. ", 'Linda told Dateline the girls rarely asked about their Dad, and she avoided talking about him.', 'LINDA YAMAN: I just absolutely hate the idea of having to uproot again and go someplace else, and start again. ', 'KEITH MORRISON: He also said he is heartbroken, he has no idea where his daughters are, and is haunted by the idea that they live as fugitives.', 'Could all of the running, the hiding, the fake names, the terror of police... could it all have been paranoia based on that sordid family history?', "They filed an appeal with the U.S. State Department on behalf of Linda and her girls, asking the U.S. government to reconsider issuing the girls passports without requiring Ozgur's consent. ", "Her lawyers claim that even though Linda's case reached the Turkish supreme court, she was railroaded by the Turkish legal system.", 'Experts who contended that she imagined abuse where none existed were not cross-examined, said the lawyers.', 'Well, no. Because at the conclusion of what appeared to be a stern lecture, the answer was... ', 'And so, for all her worry, it was not the police, not arrest, but relief that came to this drab little European hideout.', 'LINDA YAMAN: Some things you just have to leave behind, but I got the most important things... the girls.', 'Then, this past April, she walked with her girls into a U.S Consular Office in Europe.', 'At the airport the next day, an official handed over temporary passports for the girls, valid for just five days.', 'BETH BOLAND: We are just ecstatic to have her here and to know the kids are safe.', "But if he doesn't, in about two years, Linda can file for legal custody in the U.S. and so finally back on American soil. ", 'All they share now is the declaration they both carry into battle: they love their little girls.', 'A broken marriage, a legal nightmare, an international flight from the law, years in hiding, and ahead, even now, a fight whose ending is not at all clear.']