['President Barack Obama vowed on Wednesday to work with Libya to bring to justice attackers who killed the U.S. ambassador and other diplomats but said the killings w...', 'President cites legacy of  Libya Ambassador Christopher Stevens  in address to General Assembly', 'Amb. Ali Aujali reflects on deadly attacks against Americans in  Libya , remembers US  ambassador Christopher Stevens', 'A top State Department official scheduled to give congressional testimony this week on the fatal attacks on the U.S. outpost in Benghazi, Libya, says he knew immedia...', 'The United States is dispatching a Marine fleet anti-terrorist security team to boost security in Libya after an attack that killed the U.S. ambassador, a U.S. offic...', 'Libyan ambassador to the U.S. discusses murder of US  ambassador Christopher Stevens , the anti-Muslim movie that allegedly sparked anti-US protests across the Mideast and more', 'Libya President Mohammed el-Megaref has ordered rogue militias to disband by Tuesday, an effort to regain control of the country amid violence and armed attacks, inc...', "Romney takes foreign policy swipe at Obama, calls Libya  attack 'tragic failure'", 'Mitt Romney, fresh off what by most accounts was his victory Wednesday night in the first debate with President Obama, said in a Fox News interview that the deadly c...', 'Obama avoids question on whether Americans in Libya  were denied requests for help', 'President Obama declined to answer directly whether a CIA annex was denied urgent requests for military assistance during the deadly attacks last month on U.S. outpo...', 'Two Navy guided missile destroyers are being deployed off the coast of Libya, after attacks Tuesday on the U.S. Consulate in Benghazi left four Americans dead, inclu...', 'Panetta says US looking into possible link between arrest of 2 Tunisians and Libya  attack', 'Defense Secretary Leon Panetta says the U.S. has been looking into the arrests of two Tunisian men being detained in Turkey reportedly in connection with attacks on ...', 'Lawmakers press for Petraeus testimony on Libya , despite resignation over affair', "Lawmakers and other officials, after getting over the shock of Gen. David Petraeus' sudden resignation Friday, are increasingly coming to at least one consensus -- t...", 'U.S. intelligence officials knew within 24 hours of the assault on the U.S. Consulate in Libya that it was a terrorist attack and suspected Al Qaeda-tied elements we...', "Lawmakers express concern over Obama administration's handling of Libya  attack in letter", 'Key House members have sent a letter to President Obama expressing concerns about the events surrounding the terrorist attack on the U.S. Consulate in Libya that kil...', 'Feinstein: Hill inquiry into Libya  attack will include questions on Petraeus, FBI', 'Sen. Dianne Feinstein, chairman of the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence, said Sunday the Capitol Hill investigations into the Libya terrorist attack also will...', 'McCain calls for special committee on Libya , says public outcry will lead charge', 'Sen. John McCain stepped up his request Saturday for the Obama administration to give a complete account of the fatal attacks last month on U.S. outposts in Libya, u...', 'Top Republican lawmakers stepped up their demand Sunday for the Obama administration to provide more hard evidence about what happened during the fatal attacks on U....', "Benghazi  whistle-blower's lawyer demanding probe into media leaks, alleged intimidation"]