['Comedian joins partner Sharna Burgess in discussing their time on "Dancing With the Stars."', 'work that music, they better watch their back. Reporter: Kellie pickler danced the rumba to a serenade from her husband.  Andy dick  danced his heart out for his daughter. It was like the simplest poem. Reporter: D.L. Hughley redeemed himself with his ', "they got two calls last night regarding  Andy Dick  possibly having too much to drink. The call around 1 in the morning regarding  Andy Dick  saying He was drunk and had urinated obviously offended by by what had happened.  Andy Dick 's been in trouble before in 1999 He ", "no laughing matter police say they got two calls last night regarding Andy Dick possibly having too much to drink. The first call came at around 9 o'clock at the corner pockets in -- area. Police ", "miles away. Police got another call around 1 in the morning regarding Andy Dick saying He was drunk and had urinated in the bush isn't and possibly sexually battered a seventeen year old girl. Yes she was traumatized by it obviously. She as well as one of her friends and also another witness. Actually signed a private person's arrest placing Mr. Big into police custody. She was obviously offended by by what had happened. Andy Dick's been in trouble before in 1999 He faced drug and alcohol charges when police say He drove his car into a tree in Los Angeles then just last year on the Jimmy Kimmel show He was escorted by security guards off the sets. After He grabs the bucket -- arm and asked her to give him a quote. Big fat sloppy kiss. Back to what happened early this morning police say they also found a -- of marijuana and one xanax pill in his pocket. Andy Dick is charged with drug possession sexual battery and possibly public intoxication. This is Robert Millen for ABC news. ", 'Andy Dick  survives another night as Victor Ortiz is kicked off "Dancing With the Stars."', 'Wynonna Judd heads home from "Dancing With the Stars" as  Andy Dick  survives another week.', "Liz and I did not. I can I was in I doubt I just got out of jail. I got out of jail I didn't iPods not violent not this boy is up in prison. Did stretch I'm not gonna I was news for good. 23 Alison. And I'm not re asked it's something. When it's lately in this. I can dream can't see. City ever MS.", 'of the boards. You can get a job as a stripper. Reporter: And tied for last place, boxer victor ortiz, with comedian,  andy dick . And in a touching tribute, massachusetts native, aly raisman dedicated her fox trot to the victims of the boston marathon ', 'stripper. Reporter: And tied for last place, boxer victor ortiz, with comedian, andy dick . And in a touching tribute, massachusetts native, aly raisman dedicated her fox trot to the victims of the boston marathon. You brought ', "It was -- it was -- i think -- I have to go with jacoby. Same. I think we're rooting for jacoby. I want to be for  andy dick . I just want to actually say that on tv. I want to be -- I wanted to be team dick but I can't say that. I love you both ", "Same. I think we're rooting for jacoby. I want to be for andy dick . I just want to actually say that on tv. I want to be -- I wanted to be team dick but I ", "want to from time to time haven't been so good this season I've got to be honest with you but I he had been watching and  Andy Dick  the and fell more than anybody flat. Say they actually did something pretty personal last night me they didn't dance that ", 'to be honest with you but I he had been watching and Andy Dick -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- the -- and fell more than anybody flat. Say they actually did something pretty ', 'finals. Do you have a favorite? I have talk show on hallmark. I love it. We talk about all kinds of things opinion but,  andy dick  did the show. We did a cold opening. I said, you want to win that show, I have to teach you how to faint. I taught him ', 'I love it. We talk about all kinds of things opinion but, andy dick did the show. We did a cold opening. I said, you want to win that show, I have to teach you how ', "see that happening for her. She's just doing so well. How about andy dick . He was so fun. Oh, gosh. So relaxed this week. Truly my favorite performance of the night. I loved watching him. Last ", 'star Lisa Bender pumped into her dance with the kids there was too much speculation about a melanoma but. But it was comedian  Andy Dick  DL who landed at the bottom. the leaderboard. Yeah. Saying yeah I and my routine her mother of tears and had her famous ', 'was too much speculation about a melanoma but. But it was comedian Andy Dick -- DL -- who landed at the bottom. -- the leaderboard. Yeah. Saying yeah I and my -- -- -- -- routine ', "you recap of some of the highlights remember. There's Kellie with half they've rehearsing their. we just ahead comedian  Andy Dick  who came out and reveals himself to the crowd probably yeah you're gonna. better and aren't call him out of breath and ", "with -- half they've -- rehearsing their. -- we just ahead comedian Andy Dick who came out and reveals himself to the crowd -- probably -- yeah you're gonna. -- -- better and aren't -- call ", "decades and decades people to appreciate Abraham Lincoln hopefully it won't take that while we're back at this need to know  Andy Dick  got thanks well I. Here's what here's what I exactly him. Here's what here's what probably will happen. Is once ", "it won't take that while we're back at this need to know Andy Dick got thanks well I. Here's what here's what I exactly -- him. Here's what here's what probably will happen. Is once we ", "really knows for sure that's that's the but the let what are. Thank you let me be clear that up let's move along to  Andy Dick  we hear he's having sobriety issues against her false true I had an industry actually ended it has struggled for years ", "Thank you let me be clear that up let's move along to Andy Dick we hear he's having sobriety issues against her false true I had -- -- -- an industry actually ended it has struggled ", "and 100 with my father and I don't have it with. I don't I don't well and well Its victims I have first. And ahead  Andy Dick  got there you have sly Stallone on the show and Rosanna Arquette Jeff Goldblum. Joseph Maddon just had a baby with the wouldn't ", 'well -- and well -- Its victims I have first. And ahead Andy Dick got there you have sly Stallone on the show and Rosanna Arquette Jeff Goldblum. Joseph Maddon just had a baby with the ', "fat. Very nice and and that. I want thank you so much for joining us it's been a it's actually any things drag me to  Andy Dick  gets married and on I currently on Saturday nights at 8 PM and Sunday night at 7:30 PM. I Nickelodeon or online at connect ", "been a -- it's actually -- any -- things drag me to Andy Dick gets married and on I currently on Saturday nights at 8 PM and Sunday night at 7:30 PM. I Nickelodeon or online "]