["Do you remember making mix tape cassettes for your friends? All these years later, that's something a best friend recalls about Cindy.", "Maybe the soundtrack to your life in the middle 80's was like Cindy Zarzycki's. Another, Cyndi -- Cyndi Lauper -- Motley Crue, and especially hometown favorite: Madonna.", "In the middle 80s, a kid like Cindy didn't live in a big universe. Hers was a blue-collar Detroit suburb known back then as East Detroit. Neighbors mostly assembled cars or stamped out the parts for them.", "The borders of this teenage girl were home, school, church and the mall for movies, meeting boys and messing around. In the warm months, there were rundown ballfields for softball games, a family passion. And, of course, there was the friendly Dairy Queen down the street after softball. Eddie Jr.'s the kid brother.", 'Eddie Jr.: Vanilla, probably swirled ice cReam cone. We always got the twist with the chocolate and...', 'Ed Zarzycki: It was kinda exciting because it was something that, as a father, I could connect with her. ', "It hadn't been easy for Cindy's father--raising a son and two daughters by himself after the marriage broke up. Ed Zarzycki was a school custodian and what exactly to do with a young daughter, other than love her, perplexed him a bit. So this new softball connection was a welcome one between father and daughter.", 'And not at all a shy kid. There was that time the summer before on a family camping trip across the river in Canada.', 'Ed Zarzycki: And in the middle of the night, when the bonfire was going and at that time, Greenwood had that song.', "The boy's name she was writing the most that spring, filling notebooks, was Scott.", "TheresaOlechowski: Scott had a couple of friends with him. And we passed by. We started talkin' to them. They started talkin' to us. And-- I think they had a lot of the same interests.", "CathyBouford: She was really, really head-over-heels in love with him, but it wasn't anything like a long, deep relationship, so...", "But the place where puppy love blossomed - here at the Macomb Mall - would a few weeks later get Cindy in hot water with her father. This mall was about 7 miles from Cindy's house and she had standing orders from her dad never to walk home. But she did. And a single dad, raising a teenager, needed his rules followed.", "After school Friday April 18, 1986, Cindy said goodbye to her friends Cathy and Theresa and reported directly home as per her father's punishment. But the next evening, Saturday, Cindy bolted from house arrest.", 'CathyBouford: Well, she called me and wanted to come over. And she escaped her house. Came over to my house between 6:00 and 6:30.', 'CathyBouford: She had told Mr. Zarzycki that she was going to church with me the next morning.', 'The infatuated 13-year old softball ace--in her cool white boots and jeans purse--pivoted and strode to the Dairy Queen. And then, she vanished.', "Art Ream drew this map when explaining to police where he had buried Cindy Zarzycki's body. "]