['hotel in vegas home of the chippen deals theater when he reveals how he felt. Immediately my head raced to the head of  chris farley  and patrick swayze doing that chipen dales ad. Reporter: He dropped an astoshishing 30 pounds and with those pecs ', 'reveals how he felt. Immediately my head raced to the head of chris farley and patrick swayze doing that chipen dales ad. Reporter: He dropped an astoshishing 30 pounds and with those pecs mixed with the ', "comedy is pain. We all remember  Chris Farley  the larger than life war funny its lessons the subject of the  Chris Farley  show which is a new biography that. you would put yourself you  Chris Farley 's shoes is a difficult thing ", "a commonplace. That the fuel of comedy is pain. We all remember Chris Farley -- the larger than life war -- funny comedian who brought such big laughs for one thing on Saturday Night Live. But also suffering from demons in his personal life He died at the age of 331997. Of morphine. And cocaine and overdose and his legacy and its lessons -- the subject of the Chris Farley show which is a new biography. Written by his brother Tom -- He joins us here and it's good to see them ", "The -- always get that. -- -- you would put yourself you Chris Farley's shoes is a difficult thing because the fact is come. Chris would have done anything to make people laugh and and -- ", "in New York it's. It's and it's -- incredible story. Called the Chris Farley show Tom Farley junior tanner called -- and the -- it. Thanks so much things can read an excerpt of -- by ", "largest losses amount like this time for her own personal question like. Ivan Watson Michelle I honestly think that  Chris Farley  joined SNL isn't so member of the time I think you don't even remember a time and the moved up from. I was so excited ", "her own personal question like. Ivan Watson Michelle I honestly think that Chris Farley joined SNL isn't so -- -- member of the time I think you don't even remember a time and the -- moved ", "Wayne do you plan to retire from public speaking I imagine Islam rising The and I can't quite imagine and like. No  Chris Farley  doing things like the show. An island like giving speeches and when this coming Friday went into. Our long lecture ", "rising -- The and I can't quite imagine and -- like. No Chris Farley doing things like the show. An island like giving speeches and when this coming Friday -- went into. Our long lecture on ", "respond to it. Your wife and paul rudd couldn't keep a straight face. Yeah. Beyond that, it reminds me of  chris farley  when  chris farley  looked you right in the eye, you had to laugh. There's no escape. And she has that. Also in the movie ", "couldn't keep a straight face. Yeah. Beyond that, it reminds me of chris farley when chris farley looked you right in the eye, you had to laugh. There's no escape. And she has that. Also in the movie are ", "forward here he's a a nation. It we'll be smoking. Chiba along with only caught a book call Harrisburg good look  Chris Farley  sit around all day eating junk food. And locked in cages doing nothing. They're trying to. monkey just like that ", "with -- only caught a book call Harrisburg good look -- -- Chris Farley sit around all day eating junk food. And locked in cages doing nothing. They're trying to. -- monkey just like that the ", "mirror. This golden bit of good news bridge. Really anything or American. Could anything so inspired the appetite of  Chris Farley . Pass. Good evening triggered rampant tip of the pride guides and ride yeah. There's no question love them but ", "Really -- anything or American. Could anything so inspired the appetite of Chris Farley . Pass. Good evening triggered rampant tip of the pride guides and ride yeah. There's no question love them but the stunning fact ", "or how important is to. He grounded. Its like you're in a tough business the comedy business you also work with  Chris Farley  also. Who's good there's a chapter in the book to Wear. That was one the saddest things so where there's tremendous ", "you're in a tough business the comedy business you also work with Chris Farley -- also. Who's good -- -- there's a chapter in the book to Wear. That was one the saddest things so where ", "just like. Doesn't have to be that intense you know. Learned to lighten up. Big time. Going belly to belly with  Chris Farley  on Saturday Night Live it seemed every morning to dance with Patrick Swayze He sometimes you. You do something that ", 'know. Learned to lighten up. Big time. Going belly to belly with Chris Farley on Saturday Night Live it seemed every morning to dance with Patrick Swayze He -- sometimes you. You do something that just ']