["Doug Murphy: Ahwatukee's-- really a kind of a close-knit little neighborhood. It's like a small town in a bigger city.", "But do the neighbors, behind their desert landscaping, ever really know what is going on behind the doors of those perfect little homes? It's a story of suburban passion, of desperate housewives, and of secrets that come with a terrible price.", 'Grace sold real estate. Adam worked as a computer engineer. They spent their free time traveling and hiking.', 'Grace Pianka: I met Adam at the gym that we both attended and we developed a friendship.', "Randy Thompson: One of the best friends I've ever had. A wonderful guy. Very intelligent-- quick-witted. always willing to help.", 'As a new resident of the American West, Adam did not take his right to keep and bear arms for granted. He had a large gun collection.', 'Randy Thompson: I know Adam, from his-- background in-- Poland, communist background-- really enjoyed the freedom and the Second Amendment rights here in the United States ', "And, fittingly, one of Grace's closest friends -- Cynthia Levario -- met the couple on the most patriotic of days: at a 4th of July celebration.", 'Josh Mankiewicz: You knew he was-- you knew he was not living at home for a week, even though he was in town?', 'Josh Mankiewicz: Were Adam and Grace on the same page, in terms of how to deal with Victor?', "What happens next is not really disputed. Grace drives to the bank where she withdraws the couple's entire savings, which is more than $20,000 in cash and a cashier's check. She tries to deposit that money into another bank under her own name, but it's Saturday and the banks have closed early. So Grace returns home and calls Adam a number of times on her cell phone. Adam doesn't pick up. She leaves some voicemail messages. She's sad and crushed, according to her friend Cynthia Levario. And at some point during that afternoon, Grace Pianka begins drinking.", 'And shortly, a day that began with a startling phone call would end with another one. ', 'Caller: And I can see his body laying on the floor. I just-- I went around the back.', 'A frantic 911 call broke the silence of a quiet April evening, summoning police to this house in Ahwatukee, a prosperous pocket of greater Phoenix. ', "This was Brian Hansen's first case as a lead homicide detective. Patrol officers gave him the news:", 'Det. Brian Hansen: They find Adam Kostewicz, deceased, in his bedroom, from gunshot wounds.', "Adam Kostewicz -- a healthy and active Polish immigrant who'd chased the American Dream to settle in this successful community -- was dead at age 41. ", "Friend Cynthia Levario heard the news from a reporter outside the couple's house.", 'Who was responsible? And why? Police say that a crime of passion had started - and ended - in the master bedroom.', 'Det. Brian Hansen: The one thing that stands out in my mind is the-- nightstand drawer that was thrown open and dangling.', 'Josh Mankiewicz: Suggesting that somebody had gone in there and gotten something out in a hurry?', 'Police found multiple bullet holes in the bedroom wall. Holes that told a story. ', 'Det. Brian Hansen: They start high in the wall and they travel-- towards the door and then lower.What it looks like to me is that Adam was attempting to run out of the bedroom and-- and towards the open door and was struck.', 'Virginia McIntyre: This was a-- you know, pull the trigger event for-- a life event.', "An odd choice of words? Maybe. According to Jen, Adam had tried to pull the trigger before on a new life, but grace had threatened suicide when he tried to leave her. Now, finally, he'd had enough.", "At least some of Jen's story of what happened the morning of the murder did seem to match the one Grace had told her friend Cynthia: Jen had called Adam's home early in the morning and he'd met up with her at this McDonald's parking lot. They had spent the day together. She said Adam called it the first day of the rest of their lives.", "The plan, said Jen, was that Adam would go home to retrieve his clothes at about 6:30 p.m. and he'd meet her back at this hotel. Jen then met her husband, Bob, for dinner at 7:15 at an In-N-Out Burger restaurant.", "But, Jen told the detective, she couldn't find the heart to tell Bob she was leaving him.", 'The nightstand in the bedroom -- the one hanging open the night of the murder. Worried, she says, that Adam was not back to the hotel yet, at 9:30 she decided to call the police. She refers to Grace as Adam\'s "ex" wife.', "Virginia McIntyre: It's the-- the man that I'm seeing went back to uh, his ex-wife's to pick up some things, uh, at his house. But he's not-- he's not picking up his phone and I'm just scared to death.", "Virginia McIntyre: It's the man that I'm seeing went back to uh, his ex-wife's to pick up some things, uh, at his house.But he's not, he's not picking up his phone and I'm just scared to death.", "The operator told Jen there was nothing they could do. Now really worried, Jen says she drove to Adam's house. A little after 10 p.m. she went around back, and looked in the window:", "Jen made it clear to the detective: She believed Grace had shot Adam. In fact, Jen seemed to know the crime scene as well as if she'd actually been there herself.", "Detective Hansen says he bought Jen's story: that she and Adam were having an affair and were going to run away together.", "Det. Brian Hansen: This wasn't somebody that wandered up off the street, selling me, you know, a made-up story; she knew a lot about Adam Kostewicz.", "And police even later uncovered some webcam video on Adam's computer that seemed to back up jen's story.", "Adam Kostewicz: I love you very much, Jen. I'm really looking forward to a life with you. ", "Police did not find a murder weapon in Grace's car, or at the crime scene. But they did learn that Adam had been killed with a 38-caliber slug, and that he owned a .38 caliber revolver that was missing from his collection.", 'Det. Brian Hansen: She said that, when Adam came home, that there was yelling, and that there was hitting and shoving. ', 'Police believe she then left the house, drove off in her car. And, later took all that aspirin because, according to the social worker, Grace said there was no other way out.', 'Det. Brian Hansen: She made the suicide attempt because her situation was hopeless.', 'Police had their theory -- Grace had learned of the affair, spent the day drinking, and then killed her husband when he came home to pack up and leave her. Then, alone, depressed, and guilty, she tried to commit suicide. Grace Pianka was arrested and charged with second-degree murder for killing her husband Adam.', "Friend Randy Thompson said there had been some signs of problems in Adam and Grace's marriage, but he never imagined a situation like this.", "Josh Mankiewicz: And from what I gather he doesn't seem like the kind of person that you would think would be doin' that.", "Grace Pianka was tried in this Phoenix courtroom in August of 2008. But it was a tough case for the jury. There was no gun. No DNA evidence. No witness to the murder. In the end, the jury couldn't reach a verdict. Six months later, Grace would be retried in front of a brand new jury, and it would hear a stunning theory of the murder, of who pulled the trigger, and why.", "But Lynch believed the facts were clear: Angry and hopeless after learning her husband was having an affair, grace drained the couples' bank accounts, spent the afternoon drinking, then shot and killed Adam when he came home.", "This sheriff's deputy found grace after that suicide attempt -- lying across the seats in her car, an empty bottle of aspirin next to her. And in her purse, what seemed to be a key piece of evidence:", "A .38 -- the same caliber as the bullets that killed Adam. Although without the murder weapon, there was no way to match that casing to the slugs at the crime scene, or to the .38-caliber revolver missing from Adam's collection.", 'And the prosecutor argued there was more hard evidence that showed Adam was indeed leaving Grace for Jen McIntyre, his mistress. There were garbage bags in the entryway filled with Adam\'s clothes, and what Lynch called a "packing list" found on Adam\'s body.', "And when the detective says Adam's dead, she acts upset, but never asks the questions you'd expect a new widow to ask.", 'Grace\'s defenders called the charges against her a "rush to judgment," and would point the finger at the other woman in this fatal love triangle.', "Now it was the defense's turn. And attorneys would argue that police had tunnel vision by focusing on Grace Pianka, and ignoring the person truly responsible. Alicia Dominguez and Ulises Ferragut represented Grace.", "In a third-party defense, Grace's lawyers would take on the role of prosecutor -- essentially charging Adam's mistress with murder.", 'So who is Virginia or "Jen" McIntyre? The defense started digging into her background and that of her husband, Bob. They claimed to make a good living working in sales. Yet defense investigators found the McIntyres have a history of owing people money, including a $400, 000 debt to the IRS.', 'Ulises Ferragut: These are people that all of their contacts sort of lead back to strip mall, P.O. boxes. It all kind of indicates a bit of shadiness, if you will.', 'And the defense team learned something else. Even after she met Adam, Jen continued to talk to other men on that Web site where they met. She did go off of it for a while, but then signed back in just one day before Adam died, and on that day, she made changes to her profile. ', "Why would Jen go back on that Web site at all, especially the night before she and Adam were supposedly going to start a life together? The trial judge would not allow the defense to bring up the McIntyre's debts to the IRS or the information about the extramarital dating Web site. Even so defense attorneys believed they had plenty to use against Jen McIntyre -- and they would argue that she had both the means and the motive to kill Adam Kostewicz.", "Remember, even though the police had found a .38 cartridge in Grace's purse, they never found the murder weapon and couldn't link the cartridge to anything. This gave the defense an opening to link Jen McIntyre to the murder weapon.", 'The defense put this computer forensics expert on the stand, who uncovered an instant message on Adam\'s computer between Adam - screenname "Simon"- and Jen.', '.38 caliber ammunition - the very type of bullets Adam was killed with, he was suggesting Jen use in her gun. Could that have been the murder weapon? ', 'Defense attorneys said Jen had used a gun. They showed the jury a blown-up police photo of Jen taken the night of the murder. Her right thumb appears to have an abrasion on it, and it does look as if her thumbnail has been broken. The gun shop owner who sold Adam his .38 told the jury that kind of injury can happen when firing a revolver.', 'Brad Desaye: Under recoil this thumbnail could easily be broken by the cylinder especially if long fingernails will break fingernail.', 'And then, there was this. Something the defense claimed police had missed: a little white curved speck on the rug next to Adam\'s body. Could that white speck be Jen\'s fingernail at the crime scene? Could the night she described to Detective Hansen as a "pull the trigger event" have been literally that? Jen\'s alibi at the time of the murder was that she was at a fast food restaurant with Bob. ', "The defense focused the jury on cell phone records from that day. Outgoing calls were made from both Jen and Bob's phones all day long.", "And if there was opportunity, the defense also offered a motive: money. Jen McIntyre had somehow managed to insert herself right into her dead, married lover's financial affairs. Five months after Adam was killed, Jen McIntyre went to court and persuaded a judge to appoint her the special administrator of Adam's estate, coordinating communication between the courts and Adam's parents in Poland. An estate that included an $806,000 life insurance policy.", 'Josh Mankiewicz: Explain to me how the married girlfriend of a murder victim ends up in charge of his estate. ', "And this woman from Adam and Grace's mortgage lender testified that as special administrator, Jen never once paid the mortgage on the house. The defense's argument: Jen wasn't doing anything to protect Adam's assets. She just wanted her hands on Adam's money.", 'And the defense asked the jury to listen very closely to that 911 call. This operator thought she heard someone besides Jen. ', 'The defense argued that voice was saying "think money." They played a slowed-down version.', "And in that first interview after Adam died, Detective Hansen's courtesy to Jen McIntyre may have changed the course of the investigation.", 'Defense Attorney: You did not tell Miss McIntyre, "Do not wash your hands, we\'re gonna need to test those?"', "And in allowing Jen to use the bathroom and wash her hands, he guaranteed that any test of Jen's hands for gunshot residue the night Adam was killed, would come back negative.", "Josh Mankiewicz: You think Jen McIntyre played Detective Hansen like a violin, don't you?", 'Josh Mankiewicz: You never take her fingerprints to compare with the fingerprints inside the house.', 'DetectiveBrian Hansen: No, I-- nothing, other than what if, pointed that Jen did this murder.', 'Did police focus immediately on grace as a suspect? Detective Hansen says yes, because all the evidence pointed to Grace.', 'Josh Mankiewicz: Did you ever look at the whole issue of whether or not Jen had any financial motive in wanting Adam dead?', 'The defense believed it had shown that Jen McIntyre had the opportunity, motive and maybe even the weapon that killed Adam Kostewicz. Now the accused, his wife Grace Pianka, would take the stand to try to convince the jury that whether or not Jen committed murder, grace did not.', "On trial, accused of murdering her husband, it was Grace Pianka's turn to tell her side of the story. She told the court that in January of 2006, something had changed in her husband, Adam.", 'She said she bought counseling tapes, and tried to reach out to Adam through an email.', 'Alicia Dominguez: Grace, with all his mood swings and these changes you saw in him, did you have any suspicion that he was having an affair?', 'Grace told the jury all about the day Adam died: the early morning phone call, the car chase, the drinking. When Adam came home, she said, she finally confronted him face to face.', 'Grace told the court that when Adam refused to discuss what was going on, they separated. Adam went to the balcony of the house. Grace ran to her car. ', 'She says she drove off, and later in the night, started gulping down aspirin, trying to take away her pain.', 'Alicia Dominguez: Did you have any intention of killing yourself with these aspirin?', 'The next thing she remembers is waking up in the hospital, where she spoke with police.', "Alicia Dominguez: And what did you think when they weren't answering your question about Adam. ", "Now it was prosecutor Cleve Lynch's turn to cross-examine Grace -- and he presented a very different version of events for what happened that evening.", "Both sides now made final arguments to the jury. The prosecutor ridiculed the defense's theory - that the mistress Jen McIntyre had killed Adam.", "But - said the defense- this case all boils down to reasonable vs. unreasonable behavior. Grace's drinking, draining the bank accounts, swallowing aspirin- all reasonable behavior by a wife devastated to learn her husband is having an affair. But, Dominguez argued, Jen McIntyre's actions were not reasonable.", "Now it would be up to eight jurors to decide whether Grace Pianka killed her husband, or whether it could have been the other woman, Jen McIntyre. She's not around to tell her story. But her son is.", 'Like both sides in this case, we also wanted to find Virginia McIntyre. This is as close as we got. Her son, Lewis Hansen Moore. He goes by Hansen.', "Hansen says he didn't know his mother was having an affair until after Adam's death, which, he says, left her heartbroken.", "Hansen Moore: She sat in front of that laptop. And she just kept showin' me, you know, his videos.", 'Hansen Moore: It was just blatantly obvious that she was very much, you know, falling in love with this man.', "But it wasn't long after the murder that people started to point the finger at his mother.", 'Hansen says his mother and stepfather left town because they received threats. And he says his mother wanted to save Bob the embarrassment of what might come out in court.', "Hansen Moore: --would she not tell me where she's going, when they-- when she would try and make contact and call me, it was always an un-- unavailable or private number so I couldn't get an area code. ", "Hansen Moore: Absolutely. She just didn't want me to have anything to do with this. You know what I mean? She's a good person. And-- my stepfather's done an incredible job of-- of raising me and-- and-- and treating me like his own.", "Her son says Jen didn't do it. But what would the jury decide? We sat down with four of the eight. ", 'Jeremy Galloway: The whole aspect of Jen McIntyre being gone was, I guess, the main biggest doubt of the whole case because she wasn\'t there to explain herself. But in the end when we were talking about the case, we\'re like, "Grace is on trial here, not Virginia McIntyre." You know, what we\'ve gotta focus on is the evidence that we have.', 'After four days of going over that evidence, the jury announced it had a verdict. Grace Pianka was about to learn her fate. ', 'Clerk: We the jury duly impaneled and sworn in the above entitled action upon our oaths do find the defendant as to the charge of second degree murder: Guilty.', "So now, all three players in this ill-fated drama are gone. Adam's dead. Thirteen years in jail for grace. And who knows where Jen might be? A bloody triangle of love, with no winners. Adam's friends are still mourning him."]