["Guan Tianlang didn't need the school books he brought to America to learn two important life lessons in the Masters.Don't ask your caddie too many questions. And nev...", '14-year-old Guan Tianlang makes cut on number after getting 1-stroke penalty for slow play', "History is one of Guan Tianlang's favorite subjects in school.How fitting.Hours after the 14-year-old was the first player ever penalized for slow play at the Master...", "What a weekend! Tiger Woods in the mix at Augusta National, but he's got plenty of company", "Sergio Garcia started out with the lead. That didn't last long. Dustin Johnson seized the top spot. Then he dunked his ball in the water. Here comes Fred Couples, st...", '14-year-old Guan Tianlang makes cut on number despite getting 1-stroke penalty for slow play', 'Guan Tianlang will surely remember his first trip to the Masters.Everyone else, too.Already in the history books as the youngest ever to play the Masters, the 14-yea...', 'Tianlang Guan finished his historic first appearance at the Masters with a 3-over 75 on Sunday.The 14-year-old China native, who set a couple of records at Augusta N...', "There was a time when a 14-year-old on the PGA Tour would be considered big news.It's starting to feel like old news.Guan Tianlang tees it up Thursday at the Zurich ...", 'The 93 players who have qualified and are expected to compete in the 77th Masters, to be played April 11-14 at Augusta National Golf Club. Players listed in only fir...', "MASTERS '13: 10th hole, named after a pretty flower, is the toughest at Augusta National", 'Bubba Watson held his right arm out to his side and hung his head as his tee shot sailed toward the woods to the right of the 10th fairway at Augusta National. For a...', 'The 94 players who have qualified and are expected to compete in the 77th Masters, which starts Thursday at Augusta National Golf Club. Players listed in only first ...', 'Phil Mickelson won the Phoenix Open for the third time on Sunday, but even in victory he produced several "what-if" moments.The first round ended with Mickelson\'s bi...', 'Pinehurst prepares to make history in June 2014 with back-to-back US opens at No. 2', "Pinehurst is getting ready to make history next year with the first double-dip of U.S. opens.USGA Executive Director Mike Davis said Friday the resort's renowned No....", 'The Fairmont Orchid, Hawaii http://global.fncstatic.com/static/managed/img/fn2/travel/fairmont.jpg1 N. Kaniku Dr. Kamuela, Hawaii HI 96743 808-885-2000One of the pre...', 'The 85 players who have qualified and are expected to compete in the 77th Masters, to be played April 11-14 at Augusta National Golf Club. Players listed in only fir...', 'Believing in themselves when no one else did, Europeans pull off improbable Ryder Cup comeback', 'The scoreboard said 10-6 and just about everyone figured the Ryder Cup was over.Everyone, that is, but the Europeans.There was so much energy and excitement in Europ...', 'The 83 players who have qualified and are expected to compete in the 77th Masters, to be played April 11-14 at Augusta National Golf Club. Players listed in only one...', 'One month, the debate was Fred Couples getting elected to the World Golf Hall of Fame by the slimmest of margins. The next month, conversation shifted to whom the PG...', "It's almost perfect that Jose Maria Olazabal is the captain of a European Ryder Cup that is down 10-6 with the singles to go.By now, you've heard that the largest co...", "Things are starting to take shape before the first doubleheader of U.S. opens.In just over two years, Pinehurst's renowned No. 2 course will play host to the U.S. Op...", 'FACTS AND STATS: Course Architect(s): Donald Ross (1901-48), Rees Jones (1996-99, 2004), Bill Coore and Ben Crenshaw (2010-12 - renovation and restoration). Year Ope...']