["start the Celeste and Sydney Recovery Fund . It has reached $582,000 of its $750,000 goal. Comedian-actress  Chelsea Handler  donated $25,000. The fund's Facebook page already has more than 7,800 likes, and Carter said the mother and ", 'Surrounded by friends (Jessica Alba and  Chelsea Handler ) and family (sister Ashlee Simpson was even a wooden boat beside a nearby pond.  Chelsea Handler  Late-night talk host  Chelsea Handler  and her beau, Andre Balazs, helped fete ', 'friendsarethebesttherapy." The pair reportedly dated for more than two years. Seacrest gushed about Hough two months ago to TV-host  Chelsea Handler , calling his then-girlfriend "phenomenal" and "the best part of each day." The source claimed their busy work ', 'What Happens Live" with host Andy Cohen, comedian  Chelsea Handler  criticized "The Real Housewives" series. "I think Twitter to explain why she was offended. "I think  Chelsea Handler  is funny most of the time, she sucked on WWHL and ', 'Late-night got downright awkward on Wednesday, when Piers Morgan and  Chelsea Handler  locked horns on her E! show. Morgan was on to promote the second anniversary of his CNN primetime show, which comes on the heels ', 'hours a day, six days a week, afterward. "The nightmare thing about it is I had to stop working out," she told  Chelsea Handler  on "Chelsea Lately" in 2010. "At first I panicked, so I would work out a little bit, and then I had to lie and ', 'able to get home or power." Many more stars have pledged money to aid storm victims, including New Jersey native  Chelsea Handler , who ponied up $100,000 to the Red Cross when actor John C. Reilly stopped by her talk show to urge audience ', 'with all of u," she wrote. Many more stars have pledged money to aid storm victims, including New Jersey native  Chelsea Handler , who ponied up $100,000 to the Red Cross when actor John C. Reilly stopped by her talk show to urge audience ', 'Actress Jennifer Aniston couldn\'t hide her emotions when talking to her friend  Chelsea Handler  about her recent engagement to Justin Theroux . The former "Friends" star got emotional Monday night during an interview on the ', 'hours a day, six days a week, afterward. "The nightmare thing about it is I had to stop working out," she told  Chelsea Handler  on "Chelsea Lately." "At first I panicked, so I would work out a little bit, and then I had to lie and be like ', 'exercising two hours a day, six days a week. "The nightmare thing about it is I had to stop working out," she told  Chelsea Handler  on "Chelsea Lately." "At first I panicked, so I would work out a little bit and then I had to lie and be like ', 'superfancy stuff, so we\'re trying to eat before we go, just in case they didn\'t have good food," the actress told  Chelsea Handler . But Union was in for a surprise when she arrived at the White House with boyfriend and Miami Heat basketball player ', "We're talking about  Chelsea handler  and it's interesting because and we talked about Monday mortar alarming flashes of off color racial humor. We'll she in typical  Chelsea handler  and as responding and she wrote on Twitter on Monday. I know ", "We're talking about Chelsea handler and it's interesting because and we talked about Monday mortar Monday Morning Quarterback -- -- here it is and people -- vicious the New York Times said in response to her hosting the BMA awards. Worst in show's history she never looked comfortable she was un done by -- out of touch with brief alarming flashes of off color racial humor. We'll she in typical Chelsea handler -- and -- as responding and she wrote on Twitter on Monday. I know I had a good night. I woke up ", "We start off with could be amazing my you and I are old think this is really didn't know a lot of regard as but.  Chelsea handler  was the host and there was a lot of hype about her especially because there had been a woman who it's ninety crazy ", "think this is really didn't know a lot of regard as but. Chelsea handler was the host and there was a lot of hype about her especially because there had been a woman who -- it's ", "think you Let's start with the your report that  Chelsea handler  and Angelina Jolie are perhaps not Gosh a shocking story I think a lot of people don't know that  Chelsea handler . The talk showed that in late lady is very very close ", "-- I think you -- Let's start with the your report that Chelsea handler and Angelina Jolie are perhaps not -- -- -- Gosh -- a shocking story I think a lot of people don't know that Chelsea handler . The talk showed that in late -- lady is very very close to Jennifer Aniston. They spent Thanksgiving together in Mexico in ", "Jennifer Aniston apparently is a good friend talk show host  Chelsea handler  who didn't hold back her feelings about Angelina Jolie in the current partner Jennifer Ex husband Brad take a look up and she ", "Jennifer Aniston apparently is a good friend talk show host Chelsea handler who didn't hold back her feelings about Angelina Jolie in the current partner Jennifer -- Ex husband Brad -- -- -- take ", "Still fifty and  Chelsea handler  apparently a bar in New Orleans last night which they're like the most uncommon couple I think anyone would ever think got but ", "Still fifty -- and Chelsea handler apparently a bar in New Orleans last night which they're like the most uncommon couple I think anyone would ever think got ", "I haven't found that wrote about a one nighter that the war. Now the sidekick on her show is demanding she Bravo and look at this hot a very nice and what it will what you think about North CB nuggets to their call tonight it's prime personality change the word in the dictionary there's a limits", 'too. Reporter: It was a rare candid moment for the usually guarded star, sitting across from her good friend,  chelsea handler , on the comedienne\'s show "chelsea lately." Animated at times, aniston gave viewers glimpse of her engagement ', 'moment for the usually guarded star, sitting across from her good friend, chelsea handler , on the comedienne\'s show "chelsea lately." Animated at times, aniston gave viewers glimpse of her engagement ring. Fans have been clamoring for ']