["We start off with could be amazing my you and I are old think this is really didn't know a lot of regard as but.  Chelsea handler  was the host and there was a lot of hype about her especially because there had been a woman who it's ninety crazy ", "think this is really didn't know a lot of regard as but. Chelsea handler was the host and there was a lot of hype about her especially because there had been a woman who -- it's ", "think you Let's start with the your report that  Chelsea handler  and Angelina Jolie are perhaps not Gosh a shocking story I think a lot of people don't know that  Chelsea handler . The talk showed that in late lady is very very close ", "-- I think you -- Let's start with the your report that Chelsea handler and Angelina Jolie are perhaps not -- -- -- Gosh -- a shocking story I think a lot of people don't know that Chelsea handler . The talk showed that in late -- lady is very very close to Jennifer Aniston. They spent Thanksgiving together in Mexico in ", "Jennifer Aniston apparently is a good friend talk show host  Chelsea handler  who didn't hold back her feelings about Angelina Jolie in the current partner Jennifer Ex husband Brad take a look up and she ", "Jennifer Aniston apparently is a good friend talk show host Chelsea handler who didn't hold back her feelings about Angelina Jolie in the current partner Jennifer -- Ex husband Brad -- -- -- take ", "Still fifty and  Chelsea handler  apparently a bar in New Orleans last night which they're like the most uncommon couple I think anyone would ever think got but ", "Still fifty -- and Chelsea handler apparently a bar in New Orleans last night which they're like the most uncommon couple I think anyone would ever think got ", "I haven't found that wrote about a one nighter that the war. Now the sidekick on her show is demanding she Bravo and look at this hot a very nice and what it will what you think about North CB nuggets to their call tonight it's prime personality change the word in the dictionary there's a limits", 'too. Reporter: It was a rare candid moment for the usually guarded star, sitting across from her good friend,  chelsea handler , on the comedienne\'s show "chelsea lately." Animated at times, aniston gave viewers glimpse of her engagement ', 'moment for the usually guarded star, sitting across from her good friend, chelsea handler , on the comedienne\'s show "chelsea lately." Animated at times, aniston gave viewers glimpse of her engagement ring. Fans have been clamoring for ', 'The star on her new sitcom, working w/ Chelsea Handler  and her cult web series.', 'done that Chelsea Lately recently she talked about well apparently decided up a little bit she at a dinner date With  Chelsea handler  and another friend recently in the friend. Apparently a different friend talked about problems at the husband and ', 'up a little bit -- she at a dinner date -- With Chelsea handler and another friend recently in the friend. Apparently a different friend talked about problems at the husband and any advice is pretty ', 'Lindsay Lohan jokes about her recent troubles in a sketch with  Chelsea Handler .', "just that there she's been dated for about a year and a half until. Last night and Chelsea Lately of course test  Chelsea handler  is live very that's the world. And she appeared on the show and got quite emotional talking about that engagement ", "and a half until. Last night and Chelsea Lately of course test Chelsea handler is live -- very that's -- the world. And she appeared on the show and got quite emotional talking about that engagement. ", 'that. That was an amazing experience. And to witness the love between her and k.G. I want to read a letter from  chelsea handler  and her dog, chunk. Thank for having good table manners. And thank you for not being a cat. These letters are ', 'love between her and k.G. I want to read a letter from chelsea handler and her dog, chunk. Thank for having good table manners. And thank you for not being a cat. These letters are quite ', "that's Fred you know tragedy trumps. You know politics and that's great to see that also speaking of the storm here  Chelsea handler  put her money where mouth and she's gonna donate a 100000. Dollars to media. Red cross and support her because ", "and that's great to see that also speaking of the storm here Chelsea handler put her money where mouth and she's gonna donate a 100000. Dollars to media. Red cross and support her because she is ", 'relationship can turn violence or lethal. And a lot of stars coming forward. Next week, barbra streisand. Demi lovato.  Chelsea handler . A lot of great, established and scary women. Not really. Powerful. Maybe that scares you, george. Not at all ', 'a lot of stars coming forward. Next week, barbra streisand. Demi lovato. Chelsea handler . A lot of great, established and scary women. Not really. Powerful. Maybe that scares you, george. Not at all. ', 'Her date was hotel mogul andre belaz. Did I say that correctly? He is handsome. He dated uma thurman, and chis  chelsea handler . They noticed her playing ping-pong. Someone tweeted this picture of a not-so-undercover pippa. Coming to ', 'say that correctly? He is handsome. He dated uma thurman, and chis chelsea handler . They noticed her playing ping-pong. Someone tweeted this picture of a not-so-undercover pippa. Coming to manhattan and not coming to visit us. ', 'bit about Jennifer Aniston and  Chelsea handler  yes I love this story because Jennifer Aniston was furious at  Chelsea handler  because he went on a vacation then there was some reports that  Chelsea handler  with slamming Angelina Pratt ', "documentary comes out. Struck up a little bit about Jennifer Aniston and Chelsea handler yes I love this story because. You know about a year ago we -- hearing that Jennifer Aniston was furious at Chelsea handler because he went on a vacation together. And apparently. You know they have -- girl talk and then there was some reports that Chelsea handler with slamming -- Angelina Pratt saint. He's a man -- -- you know you really can't trust her. Jennifer Aniston in -- ", "help stay grounded as having a good group of girlfriends which includes some famous faces like Courteney Cox news  Chelsea handler . Many of its GN Oh yeah it's man and we used to go to a Mexican restaurant every week. It was great. He seemed ", "group of girlfriends which includes some famous faces like Courteney Cox news Chelsea handler . Many of its GN -- Oh yeah it's -- man and we used to go to a Mexican restaurant every week. It "]