["work. It can't be forty years  Susan Lucci  joins us she's here with us in bonding guilty pleasure shopping list  Susan Lucci . And now math aren't I'm staying. Defense I  Susan Lucci  has played the scandalous Erica ", "woman that whose -- -- from work. It can't be forty years Susan Lucci joins us -- she's here with us in the studio would talk to her. In just a moment but first -- -- takes a closer look. If anything from. It's a girl bonding guilty pleasure shopping list Susan Lucci . And now -- math aren't I'm staying. Defense I -- Susan Lucci has played the scandalous Erica Kane on All My Children for more than forty years beginning when the character was just fifteen. ", "is that -- dead. -- And though she delivers a perfect -- Susan Lucci is not a diva she just plays one on TV. Yeah and -- and little. Nurse Susan Lucci and that's now she has a brand new book out it is called fall line of life. It is wonderful to have ", "in the yard pass today. Where I'm meeting with an actress who the role of a lifetime that actually changed my life  Susan Lucci  Erica from All My Children Under one and only has been helmet Hubert and they at a charity that's near and dear to ", '-- -- the role of a lifetime that actually changed my life Susan Lucci Erica -- from All My Children -- -- -- -- -- -- Under one and only has been helmet Hubert and they ', 'My Children yes. But there is life after that after 41 years. the soap opera vixen and became so delicious things.  Susan Lucci  is taken on a new role is guest starring on army wives alongside and former All My Children cast And yes and she is ', '41 years. -- the soap opera vixen and became so delicious things. Susan Lucci is taken on a new role -- is guest starring on army wives alongside and former All My Children cast -- And ', "our victim. I'm gonna wind up big time and look like really let you have it. And ready for my big slap okay. This can be so much fun. How is that dad. And those who delivers a perfect  Susan Lucci  is not a diva she just plays one on TV.", 'How is that -- dad. And those who delivers a perfect -- Susan Lucci is not a diva she just plays one on TV. ', "Well I have a very important arm load of important clothing little boutique. The most famous. Everybody on about all of these but let's take some time. First bought it thank you you bring these fur coat drive because you do. Wonderful things for kids all the time I don't think. Maybe you're over", 'final file on Dancing With The Stars as the you know after the exit last night of so upset start All My Children star  Susan Lucci  and her partner Tony Dovolani who join us now live from Los Angeles and good morning to to do. Susan the power and ', 'the exit last night of so upset start All My Children star Susan Lucci and her partner Tony Dovolani who join us now live from Los Angeles and good morning to -- to do. Susan the ', "There are women out there let say it's. Mean woman who is maybe Amanda she's weapon may now have this new. Phrase called cougars are you think this is being exploratory. I think you'll I think there is still aren't you know don't. Yeah yeah. I adore you call this. Plus is on television and you know", "who starred in a big baby food you do according to Liza Huber. Author of the new book spoonful and daughter. actress  Susan Lucci  and but there are here what does yeah I do yes well and you're actually yes that's my little fun and a half months ", "Huber. Author of the new book -- spoonful and daughter. -- actress Susan Lucci and but there are here what does yeah I do yes well and you're actually yes that's my little fun and a ", "and you're the second. My but Do you you aren't. Charlotte the most fundamental character of all time and Kane  Susan Lucci  played the the 41 years. And anyone who could hinge it. And the at night so it's not all black. We've drawn from ", 'Charlotte the most fundamental character of all time and -- -- Kane Susan Lucci played the -- the 41 years. -- -- -- -- -- And anyone who could hinge it. And the -- at night ', 'children and Livan pine valley without spending some time in the hospital were all in here who heard the apocalypse  Susan Lucci  watch nearly 1000. Characters come and go since 1970. When she first got hired as Erica Kane. She was 23. I want ', 'the hospital were all in here who heard the apocalypse -- -- Susan Lucci watch nearly 1000. Characters come and go since 1970. When she first got hired as Erica Kane. She was 23. I want ', "volleying you know attorney didn't kind of crowded and his men on the fireplace there is Steve obviously mean this is  Susan Lucci  of comedy anyway comedy series and any chance modern family will not win. For a second straight year and because that ", 'men on the fireplace there is Steve -- obviously mean this is Susan Lucci of comedy anyway -- comedy series and any chance modern family will not win. For a second straight year and because that ', "audience credit from All My Children Broadway vet might.  Susan Lucci  who came to watch me and my daughter verdict. Once a that you have stood upright but helpful for like that  Susan Lucci  that was It was very very cool and you're right adrenaline ", "audience -- credit -- from All My Children Broadway vet -- might. Susan Lucci who came to watch me and my daughter verdict. Once a riot it was so much it looked like you're having a ", "you have stood upright but helpful for -- -- -- like that Susan Lucci that was -- It was very very cool and -- you're right adrenaline kind of kicked. I got into -- no problem ", "there seem to be do one at this fall at some point in community service it's kind of embarrassing it's almost as  Susan Lucci  situation. You know the shows centers around the Johnson and John am's Don Draper Don did Don pair. Yet he has not ", "some point in community service it's kind of embarrassing it's almost as Susan Lucci situation. You know the -- shows centers around the Johnson and John am's Don Draper Don did Don -- pair. Yet he ", 'Day is just around the corner and what better way to celebrate with the biggest baby shower ever. Jessica Alba TM our  Susan Lucci  among the guests at this huge event aimed to celebrate. And educate. Posted by big city the thirteenth annual event ', 'celebrate -- with the biggest baby shower ever. Jessica Alba TM our Susan Lucci among the guests at this huge event aimed to celebrate. And educate. Posted by big city -- the thirteenth annual event drew ', "then Nova Scotia Duck Tolling Retriever for Isabel the schnauzer. After two long days of judging. She's kind of the  Susan Lucci  because she's never done best in show it came down to this final seven. Pint the underdog. The crowd pleaser the ", "the schnauzer. After two long days of judging. She's kind of the Susan Lucci because she's never done best in show it came down to this final seven. Pint -- -- the underdog. The crowd pleaser ", "this morning joining us now our club members Deborah Roberts haven't Schwarzenegger our special all my children's  Susan Lucci . This a little bit here already. It's springtime and summertime a lot of folks are coming over to visit and everything ", "Deborah Roberts haven't Schwarzenegger -- -- our special -- all my children's Susan Lucci . -- -- -- -- -- This a little bit here already. It's springtime and summertime a lot of folks are coming over ", 'tolerated. Or even at times despise but always welcome in millions of homes no one among them was more welcome than  Susan Lucci . When she finally won an Emmy award after so many defeats it seemed like a victory for all of us. She lived in pine ', 'in millions of homes no one among them was more welcome than Susan Lucci . When she finally won an Emmy award after so many defeats it seemed like a victory for all of us. She lived ', "that a whole cast of characters played by the likes of  Susan Lucci  Kelly up and Our very own Cameron mathison. Ryan what old days all my children's grand armed incomparable  Susan Lucci  who was played leading lady Erica Kane for. Forty years ", "with that a whole cast of characters played by the likes of Susan Lucci Kelly -- up and -- Our very own Cameron mathison. Ryan what it's been twelve years I think it's been he's been ", "-- about the good old days all my children's grand armed incomparable Susan Lucci who was played leading lady Erica Kane for. Forty years just heard what episode six visitors and ten episode 1010. So I "]