['power, mass repressions against honorable Soviet people, and other activities in the period of the personality cult ."  King Tutankhamun  One of the most famous of Egypt\'s pharoahs, Tutankhamun, was embalmed and laid to rest around 1323 BC. His tomb was ', "Image Credit: Stan Honda/AFP/Getty Images) The mystery of  King Tut 's death might finally be solved, according to one scientist to the mystery lies in the art of the time, which depicted  King Tut  with highly feminine features, including enlarged breasts ", "King Tut  , silent in Egypt's Valley of the Kings for 3,000 years, may still have secrets to reveal. Researchers, examining what remains ", "visitor from the Netherlands, is making his way to the room that holds the gold- and jewel-encrusted funeral mask of  King Tutankhamun . Normally, the packed confines would permit only a brief inspection of the boy king's paraphernalia. But in these anything-but-normal ", "was far worse than known, with more than a dozen priceless treasures stolen, including a small statue of a goddess holding  King Tut . Meanwhile, among Egypt's allies, there is anxiety over what the future entails for the entire region. Egypt is one of ", 'mention Egypt and they\'ll probably say " the pyramids ," or "  King Tut  ," or perhaps " Cleopatra ." Egypt\'s great historical treasures appeared in one news photo with its breast plate removed.  King Tut  in the Crossfire: Egypt\'s Crisis Affects Historic Treasures ', 'hotel, the Winter Palace, would be a good target for vandals -- but you go out, you wave at them and they wave back."  King Tut  in the Crossfire: Egypt\'s Crisis Affects Historic Treasures "We\'re scared. We don\'t know what will happen," said ', "The museum is home to more than 120,000 items, including  King Tut 's golden mask and solid gold coffin. Looters destroyed two mummies a 3,000-year-old wooden statue from the time of  King Tut  was shattered. Soldiers have detained about 50 men who tried ", 'sky-diving in Detroit, chemical peels in Philadelphia and dancing in Dallas. Culture is a hot-seller, too. From the  King Tut  exhibit in New York to the Joffrey Ballet in Chicago. Last month, Groupon sold its first big national coupon: $25 for ', 'The team featured good ballplayers but also high circus-style entertainment. Toni Stone, a woman, played second base.  King Tut , an enormous man with a round belly, served as a mascot, wearing nothing but a grass skirt. If Henry made the club ', 'The Egyptian city of Luxor, formerly known as Thebes, is often called the "world\'s greatest open air museum" and the latest discovery announced over the weekend is no exception. On the west bank of the Nile in this ancient city, beneath a mound of earth and rubble, a team of Egyptian and European', 'And today the scientists say they did and they did it with DNA they solve the huge mystery. About the death of the boy king of Egypt showing up everywhere in American culture. He is the most famous Egyptian who ever lived so famous. Well you you want to see it again. What can own laughter. We', 'On the money tonight although recalls are forcing Toyota to put the brakes on some US production. Toyota is idling assembly plants in San Antonio Texas and Georgetown Kentucky for a few days to a few weeks. But workers will still be paid. And a big rally on Wall Street the Dow soared almost a 170', "Well for the first time in more than 3000. Years the world's most famous Egyptian king will finally show off. His face to the public today will be removed from his tightly sealed sarcophagus exposing the face of the boy king. Here's ABC's Christiane He's the most famous pharaoh mall to comment and", "saying if you don't know Maggie get emails coupons you can get. Teeth whitening strips you can get discounts at the teen  King Tut  exhibit anywhere from local discounts in national discounts. So this should be pretty powerful tool the one concern is how ", 'can get. Teeth whitening strips you can get discounts at the teen King Tut exhibit -- anywhere from local discounts in national discounts. So this should be -- pretty powerful tool the one concern is how ', 'battled declining in Santa Cruz Detroit chemical fields in Philadelphia. And dancing in doubt. Culture is a hot to from the  King Tut  exhibit in New York for the Joffrey Ballet of Chicago. Last month sold its first big national coupon when he five dollars ', 'And dancing in doubt. Culture is a hot -- to from the King Tut exhibit in New York for the Joffrey Ballet of Chicago. Last month -- sold its first big national coupon when he five ']