['Getty Images; Rob Kim/FilmMagic/Getty Images. It was a reconciliation three decades in the making. This week,  Suzanne Somers  and Joyce Dewitt buried the hatchet stemming from their "Three\'s Company" feud on Somers\' online show, "Breaking ', 'Oct. 16: Marie Antoinette Beheaded; Desmond Tutu Wins Nobel Peace Prize; Million Man March', "She's Back! Rosie O'Donnell Talks About New Show, Passing Oprah's 'Crazy Check' and Her Love Life", 'needed to take hormones. "I had zero levels of estrogen," she said, a discovery that was prompted by her friend  Suzanne Somers , who urged her to get her levels checked. "I started on bio-identical estrogen cream and I think it made a huge ', 'HGH -- Human Growth Hormone -- Injections Give Couple New Energy, Enjoyment of Life', 'Human growth hormone is the so-called fountain of youth, and many celebrities are fans. Actress  Suzanne Somers  calls it "sex in a capsule." Actor Nick Nolte calls it "a systems repair" for the body, and actor Sylvester Stallone used ', 'features reporting from Deborah Roberts , Becky Worley and Jim Avila . Reports include: Infomercial Celebrities:  Suzanne Somers , Cher and others reveal why they took the plunge into the wild world of infomercials. Roberts reports. Too ', 'stars, sports stars -- infomercials have attracted a galaxy of celebrities, notably "Three\'s Company" alumna  Suzanne Somers  , now of Thighmaster fame, and George Foreman , the boxing great behind the George Foreman Grill. But some product-pushing ', 'of thing," she said. One unlikely reason for the growth of the extreme treatments? Weintraub pointed to TV star  Suzanne Somers  , whose books and media appearances endorsing hormone treatments have racheted up demand for anti-aging regimens ', 'live on the Internet forever. Group: Star\'s Chemotherapy Comment Has Real Consequences Comments made by actress  Suzanne Somers  of "Three\'s Company" and "Step by Step," in which she blamed Patrick Swayze\'s death from pancreatic cancer ', 'book them. So far, we had gotten Dick and Pat Van Patten, Candy Spelling, Joan Danger? eld, and my dear friend  Suzanne Somers . It was coming together, but I stopped for a moment when a provocative e-mail landed in my in-box. The popular ', 'Life on the D-List," whose fifth season begins tonight at 10 p.m. ET on Bravo. Bette Midler , Lily Tomlin,  Suzanne Somers , Rosie O\'Donnell , Christina Aguilera, T.I. and Paris Hilton are some of the marquee names who "mentor" the ', 'this good and gives you a sense of clarity," Panessi said. Alternative Medicine: Effective or Risky? Actress  Suzanne Somers , suffering from breast cancer, has said she felt much the same way when she took her health into her own hands ', "instead placed two vintage trailer homes on the land. Both were burned in this week's wildfire. In January, actress  Suzanne Somers ' beachfront home burned to the ground despite efforts by firefighters and actor (and neighbor) John Cusack. Somers ", 'Along with Magic Johnson, Roundtree is encouraging African-American men to see their doctors regularly.  Suzanne Somers Suzanne Somers  decided to have controversial alternative therapy when she was diagnosed with breast cancer in 2001. After ', "It's the reunion that has been thirty years in the making  Suzanne Somers  and Joyce DeWitt starred together in three's company. But the co stars stopped speaking when left the show over a salary dispute ", "It's the reunion that has been thirty years in the making Suzanne Somers and Joyce DeWitt starred together in three's company. But the co stars stopped speaking when -- left the show over a salary ", "she shot to stardom as a TV sitcom goddess we bought this. And and I was doing three's company but these days  Suzanne Somers  is justice stands for her alternative anti aging regiments. Let's cut aloe Vera willow herb. And her endless lines ", "this. And -- and I was doing three's company but these days Suzanne Somers is justice stands for her alternative anti aging regiments. Let's cut aloe Vera willow herb. And her endless lines of merchandise. I ", 'coming come and knock on the window. work and profit infomercials badminton  Suzanne Somers  now 65 time. What led to that going from being an actress to an infomercial. Out careers are cyclical I was 22 hours shows every ', 'come and knock on the window. -- work and profit infomercials badminton Suzanne Somers now 65 time. What led to that going from being an actress to an infomercial. Out careers are cyclical I was -- ', "New study finds that and these skills who read a book called late rescued lost weight. I'm joined by one of the people who out with those findings so Russell. Except. That more about this book how to Gilles who read it actually end up losing weight. Have the study to see if He novel could help", "It's nearly impossible even now to see  Suzanne Somers  and not hear that laugh. Snow was a third of the sell my sell books and use. Food in you products and  Suzanne Somers  is more than a human being it's a brand it is all ", "It's nearly impossible even now to see Suzanne Somers and not hear that laugh. Snow was a third of the three's company trio. It dominated primetime television for ABC I'm not ", "my -- sell books and use. Food in you -- products and Suzanne Somers is more than a human being it's a brand it is all of these people in your book. Our marketing or selling ", 'TV Icon and fitness guru  Suzanne Somers  opens up her new book, "Breakthrough."', "you ended up. Working that are reading them active trade and you know that led to infomercials he was the guy in  Suzanne Somers  I'm telling you that there's just times Nestor million excellent results now with XT's front I'm not working ", "and you know that led to infomercials he was the guy in Suzanne Somers -- -- I'm telling you that there's just times Nestor million -- excellent results now with XT's front -- -- I'm not "]