['they could have been attributable to that," said the actor, who has battled alcoholism.  Teri Hatcher  In 2006, "Desperate Housewives" star  Teri Hatcher  went public with a claim of sexual abuse at the hands of an uncle when she was 5. "This ', 'story about your drive to the doctor\'s office."  Teri Hatcher  Roberts\' comments garnered cheers, especially from "Desperate Housewives" star  Teri Hatcher , who posted on her Facebook page photographs of herself ', 'went on to wow critics again in "Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon," scoring a BAFTA nomination for best actress.  Teri Hatcher  Since Wai Lin wouldn\'t succumb to Bond until the end of "Tomorrow Never Dies," he had to get his kicks somewhere ', 'story about your drive to the doctor\'s office."  Teri Hatcher  Roberts\' comments garnered cheers, especially from "Desperate Housewives" star  Teri Hatcher , who posted on her Facebook page photographs of herself ', "Vanessa Williams' character - got married to Ben, but on the way, pregnant Julie's water broke, forcing her mother,  Teri Hatcher 's Susan, to comically take the wheel of the limo to get them to the hospital. Felicity Huffman's Lynette reconciled ", 'the gals too. "She has had events and fundraisers that the other cast members have attended," O\'Connor said.  Teri Hatcher \'s Rumored Feud With the Cast When "Desperate Housewives" began, Hatcher was the show\'s biggest star. Then ', 'daughter Coco when "Desperate Housewives" creator Marc Cherry wanted to cast her as Susan. The role went instead to  Teri Hatcher . A few years later, in 2007, she launched her comeback playing a tabloid editor in the FX sitcom "Dirt," which ', 'your drive to the doctor\'s office." Her comments garnered cheers, especially from "Desperate Housewives" star  Teri Hatcher  , who posted on her Facebook page photographs of herself fresh out of the shower to show off her wrinkles and reveal ', 'daughter Coco when "Desperate Housewives" creator Marc Cherry wanted to cast her as Susan. The role went instead to  Teri Hatcher . A few years later, in 2007, she launched her comeback playing a tabloid editor in the FX sitcom "Dirt," which ', 'the \'Diner Dash\' game series." "Diner Dash 5" is available now for download. A Chick\'s Guide to Life Actress  Teri Hatcher  is launching a new Web site called a Chick\'s Guide to Life . The site says it celebrates women and offers answers ', 'daughter Coco when "Desperate Housewives" creator Marc Cherry wanted to cast her as Susan. The role went instead to  Teri Hatcher . A few years later, in 2007, she launched her comeback playing a tabloid editor in the FX sitcom "Dirt," which ', 'Sources report "Desperate Housewives" star  Teri Hatcher  is dating Ryan Seacrest.', "And now from listeria lane to the world wide web  Teri Hatcher  is a hot ticket she's a great friend of our show and was beyond glamorous helping to south. With our Oscar coverage earlier ", "And now from listeria lane to the world wide web Teri Hatcher is a hot ticket she's a great friend of our show and was beyond glamorous helping to south. With our Oscar coverage ", "Time for you right now and you still packing to do. Lots unpacking. Terry Hatcher played mom Dakota Fanning title role in line in the film the adventurous little girl discovers adored her house. It's really an entryway to an alternate version of her life. Or Hatcher a different voice for this", 'The \'Desperate Housewife\' will voice two roles in the animated film, "Coraline."', "The title role in the stop action animation film and  Teri Hatcher  plays both of real mother and the other scary You wouldn't It's so create this kind of ask you know how to work  Teri Hatcher  and get action film and think. Well having great show ", "-- plays. The title role in the stop action animation film and Teri Hatcher plays both of real mother and the other scary -- You wouldn't you know -- you deliberation. You didn't see your I ", "create this kind of ask you know how to work -- -- Teri Hatcher and get action film and think. Well having great show. -- because it did because it's an animated in the and that ", "down when she's lovely and injured on the it guys it's like not this is there is not. this is. The thing that's  Teri Hatcher  is eyebrows and Marcia try and imagine a lot of in there seems 57 girlfriends that. So so you can park yeah it also ", "not this is there is not. -- this is. The thing that's Teri Hatcher is eyebrows and Marcia -- try and imagine a lot of -- in there seems 57 girlfriends that. So so you can "]