['Petraeus testifying before congressional intelligence committees on Sept. 11 attack in Libya ', 'Former CIA Director David Petraeus arrived early Friday for closed hearings on Capitol Hill as lawmakers seek details from the retired general about the Sept. 11 att...', "Tunisian authorities released one of the only men in custody for alleged links to September's attack on the U.S. diplomatic mission in the Libyan city of Benghazi, t...", 'Top State Dept. official quits, others on leave after report on security lapses in Libya ', 'A State Department security chief has resigned and three other officials could lose their jobs following the release of scathing report about safety lapses at the U....', "Ambassador Stevens  reportedly warned of Libya  'security threats' in final diary entry", 'In a chilling note shortly before he was killed, U.S. ambassador Chris Stevens complained about "never ending security threats" in Libya, according to excerpts of wh...', 'Nearly six weeks later, the attack on the U.S. mission in Benghazi, Libya, that left Ambassador Chris Stevens and three other Americans dead is still shrouded in mys...', 'Washington Democrats and Republicans are questioning U.S. taxpayer aid to the Middle East amid anti-American riots in the region and the fatal attack on the U.S. Con...', "The investigation into last week's killing of four American diplomats in eastern Libya is raising pressure on a shaky new Libyan government to quash pockets of viole...", 'The lawyer of a Tunisian man suspected of involvement in the U.S. consulate attack in Libya says his client has been questioned by the FBI.Anwar Ouled Ali told The A...', "Hill lawmaker: scene outside consulate in Benghazi  like a 'street party in Miami'", 'House lawmakers say video they reviewed Wednesday from the fatal Libya consulate attack shows looters leaving the charred and smoking U.S. facility in Benghazi with ...', 'Veteran of Iraq and Afghanistan takes over Africa Command at time of turmoil on continent', "One of the American military's most seasoned combat leaders took charge Friday of U.S. Africa Command, whose No. 1 mission is to work with allies to neutralize the c...", 'The remains of the four Americans who were killed in the attack on the U.S. Consulate in eastern Libya were returned Friday, in a solemn ceremony at Joint Base Andre...', 'Secretary of State Hillary Clinton suggested the deadly consulate attack in Libya involved the Al Qaeda affiliate in North Africa, going further than any other Obama...', 'Senate Republican leaders returned Sunday to demanding answers from Susan Rice, the U.S. ambassador to the United Nations, about her public explanation on the fatal ...', 'President Obama, under pressure to address the surging unrest in the Middle East as well as the deadly attack on the U.S. Consulate in Libya, will have the chance Tu...', 'Republican senators suggest Rice knew attacks were terror related, demand answers', 'Republican senators on Tuesday demanded answers from U.S. Ambassador to the U.N. Susan Rice on whether her public statements on the deadly consulate attack in Libya ...', 'Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, under pressure from Republican lawmakers to testify "as soon as possible" about the Libya terror attack, is scheduled to appear D...']