['In the wake of economic reports showing job creation at a standstill, the U.S. Census reported on Tuesday that one in six Americans are living in poverty. Poverty last year surged to its highest level since 1993.', '    Poll: What Will Be the Most Important Issue for Your Party in the 2014 Elections?', 'In some battleground state polls and national polls, Obama comes out ahead of the two leading contenders for the Republican nomination, Mitt Romney and Rick Perry.', 'The article, "Obama Allies: Time to Wake Up" first appeared in the National Journal. ', "good evening. this is not what you want when you're trying to launch a recovery. today, the ", ' and reportedly close a lot of branches in cities and across the countryside all over this country. the plan is designed to make sure ', " survives and stays healthy, but it's the largest single u.s. lay-off of the year. at the same time, the president was out there again today selling his new jobs plan. he's fighting his own downward numbers and questions about becoming a one-term president. it's what we talked about in our exclusive conversation with the president at the ", " ran against a do-nothing congress. this congress hasn't done much so far, but it still has an opportunity over the next several months to do something that helps the ", ". and i want to give them a chance. i'm pleased to see that so far speaker boehner and some of the other republican leadership have said that some of the proposals i put forward deserve serious consideration. and i'm going to be open to any ideas they have in addition to how we are going to grow this economy, but what is not an option is doing nothing.", 'did you come to a decision that what the country needs is in large part a good old public works bill?', 'what i came to the conclusion is that given all the headwinds we have been seeing this year -- high ', " as a result of the arab spring, the tsunami in japan which disrupted supply lines but probably most significantly what's been happening in europe and the turmoil that's taken place there, ", ' act -- puts construction workers back to work, puts teachers back to work, puts our veterans who are ', ' looking for a job back to work, the long-term unemployed back to work. it provides ', " when they hire new employees. so this package, it's estimated, would help the economy grow by as much as an additional 2%. that could mean an additional 2 million jobs.", "all of this, of course, is if you get what you want in a highly toxic atmosphere and it sure looked to me from the outside like you went into the debt ceiling fight thinking, surely they will do the statesman-like thing, surely they won't go there. and it seemed to me as if speaker boehner was coming to you saying, look, if it were up to me, we would do this, but i've got this membership problem.", 'well, there is no doubt that we went to the brink in a way that was unacceptable. we are in an ', " and the fact that we made it worse here in washington is inexcusable. we can't sit back and squabble while the country is suffering.", "your approval, 44%. on your handling of the economy, 37%. voters now prefer a generic, as-yet-unnamed republican. and most americans now say that you are in something that you can't likely recover from. do you accept those numbers? do you have to wear those?", "well, look, you know, one of the things that i learned very early on is not to worry about polls. if i was worrying about polls i wouldn't be sitting here interviewing with you. as i recall when i was running for president, i was down about 30 points around this time in my first run for presidency. you know, the truth of the matter is the ", " since the great depression. and they are understandably impatient and i can say to them, look, all the actions we have taken have been the right actions. if we hadn't taken those actions, things would be much worse, but the ", ' is unemployment is still at 9%. and there are still a lot of folks hurting out there. my job as ', ' is not to worry about my job. my task is to worry about their job and their economic situation.', 'you see what\'s out there. you see what\'s being said about you. what do you say to those americans who voted for that man on the poster that said "hope"?', 'well, what i would say is that for the last two and a half to three years, we have been working tirelessly and nonstop to deal with the worst ', " of our lifetimes. ultimately, i'm going to be judged by, you know, whether we have stayed focused on making sure that this economy is moving in the right direction. and like the captain of a ship in a storm, you know, when the ship is rocking and people are getting hurt, they're not going to be happy, no matter how good the captain's doing. now, my hope is that when we are on the other side of it, folks will look back and say, you know, he wasn't a bad captain of the ship. what i tell everybody i meet whether they voted for me or they didn't is this country always gets through these storms. we always right the ship. and we will this time as well.", '. there is more on our website. today, by the way, the administration announced how they plan to pay for his new jobs plan through a series of previously proposed tax hikes that have all been raised by the ', "    Boehner whacks King again, says comments make immigration progress 'more difficult'", "    Boehner whacks King again, says comments make immigration progress 'more difficult'"]