["militants were contributing to chaos in the  Sinai Peninsula  following the ouster of  Egyptian  President Mohammed Morsi. He spoke on condition had no comment. The media crackdown comes as  Egypt 's new government has imposed the toughest ", "the State Department accusing Abedin's late father, mother and brother of being connected to the Muslim Brotherhood, the  Egyptian  Islamist political party. That unsubstantiated allegation drew a rebuke from even some Republicans. Sen. John McCain gave ", 'LINK RAND PAUL Politico\'s Jonathan Allen: " Rand Paul Wants State Officials At  Egypt  Hearing " Sen. Rand Paul, author of legislation that would cut off aid to  Egypt  in the wake of the recent political turnover in that country, wants two senior ', "the State Department accusing Abedin's late father, mother and brother of being connected to the Muslim Brotherhood, the  Egyptian  Islamist political party. That unsubstantiated allegation drew a rebuke from even some Republicans. Sen. John McCain gave ", "Egypt 's new government swept up in the same  Egyptian  military campaign that Muslim Brotherhood.  Egypt 's military has said security crackdown in the  Sinai Peninsula  and has not suggested shortage of cheap  Egyptian  fuel caused by the ", 'F-16 fighter jets to  Egypt  because of ongoing concerns the current situation in  Egypt , we don\'t believe it delivery of F-16s to  Egypt ." The United States will Secretary Chuck Hagel called  Egyptian  military leader Gen. Abdel-Fattah ', "taken since the  Egyptian  military ousted three weeks ago in  Egypt  was in fact a coup.  Egypt  is a key ally in package it sends to  Cairo  every year. Little Chuck Hagel called  Egypt 's military chief to the U.S.- Egypt  defense relationship joint U.S.- Egyptian  military exercise ", "sale of four F-16 fighter jets to  Egypt  in light of the military overthrow military assistance in response to the  Egyptian  military's removal of the country's proceed with an annual U.S.- Egyptian  military exercise, called Bright ", "Egypt 's Health Ministry says one person has suggests a campaign of violence against  Egyptian  police is spreading. Suspected Islamic attacks against security forces in the  Sinai Peninsula  since the military ousted Islamist President ", "Egypt 's Health Ministry says one person has suggests a campaign of violence against  Egyptian  police is spreading. Suspected Islamic attacks against security forces in the  Sinai Peninsula  since the military ousted Islamist President ", "Circumstances outside of the White House's control also played a role, including the civil war in Syria, the coup in  Egypt  and renewed attention by Congress to the deadly attack on Americans in Libya. Closer to home, the targeting of political ", "The Mansoura terrorist incident will not waver  Egypt 's resolve.  Egypt  has triumphed in the war against terrorism before and bomb blast outside the security headquarters in one of  Egypt 's Nile Delta cities wounded 19 people.", 'ideologically linked to  Egypt \'s Muslim Brotherhood Dismay over the toppling of  Egyptian  President Mohammed Morsi and any direct connect with  Egypt \'s Muslim Brotherhood pledged money to the new  Egyptian  government. "This coup ', "for his security forces. 4. IN HOUSE, A FUNDING FLASHPOINT Congressional efforts to cut off U.S. aid for Syria and  Egypt  are expected to be put to a vote Wednesday. 5. WHAT'S UNUSUAL ABOUT THE TEXAS GOVERNOR'S RACE If he wins, state Attorney ", "Security officials say a bomb blast in front of a security building in one of  Egypt 's Nile Delta cities has injured 16 people. The officials say the bomb exploded just after midnight Wednesday outside the Security ", 'cents in the past week alone. AAA says drivers are experiencing "sticker shock" as increased summer demand, unrest in  Egypt  and production disruptions in the U.S. and other countries push up the price of crude oil and gasoline. The national ', 'A bus carrying  Egyptian  soldiers crashed into a truck place on the highway between  Cairo  and the port city of Alexandria military base in northwestern  Egypt  for a vacation to join their Road accidents are common in  Egypt  due to badly maintained roads ', 'cents in the past week alone. AAA says drivers are experiencing "sticker shock" as increased summer demand, unrest in  Egypt  and production disruptions in the U.S. and other countries push up the price of crude oil and gasoline. The national ']