["Not nationally a shocker here little  Susan Sarandon  is not the bide her time particularly when it comes to politics and such without she's taken all the Catholic Church apparently ", "Not nationally a shocker here little -- -- Susan Sarandon is not -- the bide her time particularly when it comes to politics and such without she's taken all the Catholic Church ", 'The actress plays table tennis with Robin Roberts, Josh Elliot and Sam Champion.', 'Susan Sarandon  brings passion to every in her life devoted mother fearless activist for charitable and political causes and of course Oscar winning ', 'Susan Sarandon brings passion to every -- in her life devoted mother fearless activist for charitable and political causes and of course Oscar winning ', "One-on-one with Sarandon, who plays evil Queen Narissa in Disney's, 'Enchanted.'", "star cast including Diane Keaton. As a divorced couple forced to pretend they're still merit their son's wedding  Susan Sarandon  plays to hero's girlfriend TV she's here right now to take a look at the movie. Just pretend to be married for ", "a divorced couple forced to pretend they're still merit their son's wedding Susan Sarandon plays to hero's girlfriend TV she's here right now to take a look at the movie. Just pretend to be married for ", "Reporter: For some up and coming actors there is a easy fix to the problem. They simply use a less high profile name.  Susan sarandon 's daughter, it's really interesting because they don't share the last name. This is mirl streep and we want ", "fix to the problem. They simply use a less high profile name. Susan sarandon's daughter, it's really interesting because they don't share the last name. This is mirl streep and we want to say good morning, ", 'Sport has cerebral side says neuroscientist; enthusiast  Susan Sarandon  agrees.', "The pit is a nonprofit public advocacy the who has started 25 years ago by Christopher Reeve bright silver Walton  Susan Sarandon . Specifically to the paramedics came behind she's social importance. As all of us entertainment. Can educate ", "has started 25 years ago by Christopher Reeve bright silver -- Walton Susan Sarandon . Specifically to -- the paramedics came -- behind she's -- social importance. As all of us -- entertainment. Can educate them as ", "of now whether a woman in her sixties who was well. Arm is so hot this movie's going to be so big at the Oscars  Susan Sarandon  I turner I and she's she and she really represents her age. And I love it she wears suits and everything. We picked ", "so hot this movie's going to be so big at the Oscars Susan Sarandon -- I -- turner I -- and she's she and she really represents her age. And I love it she wears suits ", "she's coming from. You know, she's gotten very comfortable with the lifestyle. Let's show a little of that.  Susan sarandon . How do you think I've tolerated all this? Tolerated? What about me? What about the complaining. The unhappiness ", "gotten very comfortable with the lifestyle. Let's show a little of that. Susan sarandon . How do you think I've tolerated all this? Tolerated? What about me? What about the complaining. The unhappiness. The drinking. The shopping. ", 'people were arrested when they stormed the Brooklyn Bridge. Now major unions are joining in as our celebrities like  Susan Sarandon  and Alec Baldwin and similar protests are popping up across America. So you wanna see more of this and not just here ', 'Brooklyn Bridge. Now major unions are joining in as our celebrities like Susan Sarandon and Alec Baldwin and similar protests are popping up across America. So you wanna see more of this and not just here ', "talking about here what kind of a on this list. Well we run the gamut from Yoko Ono to Russell Simmons Kanye West  Susan Sarandon  and the obvious Michael Moore. Eight and even somebody like Tom Morello from a rage against machines so it's it's ", "we run the gamut from Yoko Ono to Russell Simmons Kanye West Susan Sarandon and the obvious Michael Moore. Eight and even -- somebody like Tom Morello from a rage against machines so it's it's artists ", 'who All the best of what really set unexpected news from her first if not nationally a shocker here little members  Susan Sarandon  one divide her time particularly when it comes to politics and such and Catholic apparently in an interview. At that ', 'from her -- first if not nationally a shocker here little members Susan Sarandon one divide her time particularly when it comes to politics and such and -- -- -- -- -- Catholic -- apparently in ', 'great things about. Time is very sensitive. Glenn Close Larry David Chevy Chase Edward James almost John McEnroe  Susan Sarandon . And Kennedy luminaries. Half paying respects. But despite the bold face names of some shocking absences. Several ', '-- Glenn Close Larry David Chevy Chase Edward James almost John McEnroe Susan Sarandon . And Kennedy luminaries. Half paying respects. But despite the bold face names of some shocking absences. Several of -- siblings did not ', 'north. And supported by some of my favorite stars  Susan Sarandon . Forest Whitaker and Mary Louise Parker of weeds programs in the this has done nothing on me. My friend  Susan Sarandon  had already become involved With him and we together ', "charity is -- north. And supported by some of my favorite stars Susan Sarandon . Forest Whitaker and Mary Louise Parker of weeds and she'll be sitting down with a stick with the founder of hope north ", 'in the this has done nothing on me. -- -- My friend Susan Sarandon had already become involved -- With him and we together put on a benefit last year at her campaign -- -- And ', "We can just talking talking talking  Susan Sarandon  as an Oscar winners you know she's an activist that's what orbit talking about right now. And she's about when it comes ", "We can just talking talking talking Susan Sarandon as an Oscar winners you know she's an activist that's what orbit talking about right now. And she's about when it comes ", 'from a great people in the business from actors producers writers critics you names like Kevin Spacey James Lipton  Susan Sarandon  Mel Brooks say goddess to the ten in each category. That in America vote without a jury of their peers and up to ', 'actors producers writers critics you -- names like Kevin Spacey James Lipton Susan Sarandon Mel Brooks say goddess to the ten in each category. That in America vote without a jury of their peers and up ']