['planning to attend the Creative Coalition Inaugural Ball, including Kirsten Dunst, Ashley Greene, Matt Bomer, Paula Abdul,  Taraji P .  Henson , Omar Epps, David Arquette and Creative Coalition president Tim Daly, according to The Washingtonian . Get more pure ', "actresses out there who can play the part, and it's not like those actresses don't have legitimate bones to pick. Take  Taraji P .  Henson , an Oscar-nominated black actress (and one of my favorites), who, as one of the three leads in the CBS show Person ", "in the film, told ABC News Radio. Anthony is just one part of an ensemble cast that includes Oscar-nominated actress  Taraji P .  Henson , who plays a successful career-driven women who doesn't buy into Harvey's dating rules, and comedian Kevin Hart ", "Walsh , jazz artist Diana Krall and funk star Maceo Parker have been added to the lineup of performers on Sunday's telecast. Reba McEntire, Diana Ross , rapper/actor Common and actress  Taraji P .  Henson  have been added as presenters.", 'tough for it to lose this one." Venturelli/Getty Images Outstanding Lead Actress, Movie or Miniseries: Kate Winslet  Taraji P .  Henson , "Taken From Me: The Tiffany Rubin Story"; Diane Lane, "Cinema Verite"; Jean Marsh, "Upstairs Downstairs (Masterpiece ', 'tough for it to lose this one." Venturelli/Getty Images Outstanding Lead Actress, Movie or Miniseries: Kate Winslet  Taraji P .  Henson , "Taken From Me: The Tiffany Rubin Story"; Diane Lane, "Cinema Verite"; Jean Marsh, "Upstairs Downstairs (Masterpiece ', "Jaden Smith is transported from Detroit, where he is a popular middle schooler, to China, where his mother, played by  Taraji P .  Henson , finds work after losing her job. When Jaden's character, Dre Parker, falls for schoolmate Mei Ying, he makes him ", 'interruption for director Shawn Levy and co-stars Steve Carell ,  Taraji Henson , and Jimmi Simpson, who were already doing interviews across you\'ve gotten a taste of forbidden fruit." Co-star  Taraji Henson , who plays a New York detective in the film, agreed with ', "TODAY looks at some from this year's crop. 'I Can Do Bad All By Myself' (Sept. 11) Director: Tyler Perry Stars:  Taraji P .  Henson , Tyler Perry, Gladys Knight, Mary J. Blige, Adam Rodriguez Story: Henson (supporting-actress Oscar nominee for ", 'of Penelope Cruz from "Vicky Christina Barcelona," who is widely regarded as the favorite, Silver\'s data points to  Taraji P .  Henson  from "The Curious Case of Benjamin Button." "Benjamin Button is the only best picture nominee to have a nominee in this ', 'would prove the naysayers wrong, adding, "This time, it would be completely deserved." The honorable mention goes to  Taraji P .  Henson , who plays Brad Pitt\'s adoptive mother in "The Curious Case of Benjamin Button." Travers said Henson gives the movie ', 'so-called Ick Factor in "Button." Evident throughout, especially when the woman who raises Benjamin -- overplayed by  Taraji Henson  -- is on screen, it crescendos in the closing moments when a hummingbird, burdened with significance throughout the film ', 'I\'m not sure my dog knew what was going on. "Benjamin Button" co-star and newly minted supporting actress nominee  Taraji P .  Henson  knew exactly why her phone was ringing in the wee hours of the morning in Los Angeles. "The phone rings at 5:30 a ']