['Tim Lincecum Throws First No-Hitter San Francisco Giant pitcher Tim Lincecum can add another achievement to his mantle. On Saturday, in a game against the San Diego Padres, Lincecum threw his first career no-hitter -- a career high of 148 pitches. "Right now I think I\'m just kind of coming down and', 'about 400 misplaced Twitter mentions so far. Even actress  Tara Reid , who stars in the movie, accidentally used a Twitter people on Twitter, Wylder joked, "Like a less plastic  Tara Reid . Or maybe one of the lesser Kardashians; maybe a third ', 'this instant phenomenon. "Sharknado" features "Beverly Hills 90210? star Ian Ziering and "American Pie" darling  Tara Reid , who have to move into action after sharks start falling from the skies, attacking unassuming people. IMDB has the ', 'Hollywood newcomers, including Biggs,  Tara Reid , Mena Suvari and Chris Klein, but in 2010 and checked into rehab.  Tara Reid  After a memorable role in "The Big Lebowski,"  Tara Reid  played the virginal Vickie in three ', 'Day 1900 Margaret Mitchell 1929 Bobby Bowden 1949 Bonnie Raitt 1950 Mary Hart 1966 Gordon Ramsay 1968 Parker Posey 1975  Tara Reid  1985 Jack Osbourne 1994 Lauren Alaina Jump back to Nov. 7: Day in History . View more videos from This Month in History ', 'line for the new movie and deals are in the works for  Tara Reid  , Chris Klein, Mena Suvari , and Jennifer Coolidge at Cirque Lodge since the original "American Pie."  Tara Reid  hasn\'t fared much better. After a broken engagement ', 'she underwent to remove her breast implants, actress  Tara Reid  bemoaned the horrors of her botched breast-augmentation still don\'t admit that they\'ve had work done. But  Tara Reid  wants everyone to know about the "botched" breast implant ', 'Cisqo are now on tour in Australia. Like Hollywood actors whose stars fade -- from David Hasselhoff of "Baywatch" to  Tara Reid  of "American Pie" -- their stars still glimmer in other countries. Mike Esterman, Coolio\'s booking agent, confirmed ', "that Timberlake's first album did, Chasez kept himself in the spotlight by becoming romantically linked to actress  Tara Reid  and engaging in a short-term relationship with actress Eva Longoria. Annette Funicello Annette Funicello was discovered ", 'year? Elton John, Robin Williams or will you settle for  Tara Reid ? That all depends on your wallet and the value of your who\'s hot and who\'s not. This week, the going rate for  Tara Reid , the chaste blonde from the teen cult-classic "American ', 'these clothes had been left mercifully untouched by the wand of the skank fairy, whom I envision as looking a lot like  Tara Reid . Instead of being able to buy pretty things for my daughter, sweet somethings in ice cream colors, I must now shop ', 'innocent people, or even yourselves. Have you ever thought of that? Have you learned anything from Shannon Doherty or  Tara Reid ? Look what happened to those careers after all their career hijinx and partying antics -- just some food for thought ', 'from here in L.A. -- and all around the country. "Just be sure to do your research ladies! Look what happened to  Tara Reid  because she didn\'t ask questions or get opinions from other doctors. There are a lot of scam artists out there ', 'so deliciously right here to make this so bad that it scared. Andy had amazing casting and I mean ironically hilarious  Tara Reid  lays the love interest opposite. Ian Ziering currently at Vegas Chippendale most famously Steve. How was it working ', 'scared. Andy had amazing casting and -- -- I mean ironically hilarious Tara Reid lays the love interest opposite. -- Ian Ziering currently at Vegas Chippendale most famously Steve. How was it working with the public ', 'So what could be more fun than talking about the actress terror read she recently told us magazine quote. I was on the web sites as having the boob job in the world that is a quote otherwise it would not have set it. Read unwittingly as you might know expose the disastrous results of her botched', 'name of beauty. From celebrities like Lisa Rinna who recently reversed the size of her uneven and an oversized lips to  Tara Reid  who was publicly embarrassed by liposuction and botched brass. Sharon Osbourne revealed this month on the talk she just ', 'recently reversed the size of her uneven and an oversized lips to Tara Reid who was publicly embarrassed by -- liposuction and botched brass. Sharon Osbourne revealed this month on the talk she just had her ', "frankly is worthy of play of the day I'm so glad that we got a pop news capture rock out of the and I didn't take us  Tara Reid  it's precariously. Like balancing tree branches out there this is while would you rather and the days that the Braves ", "news capture -- rock out of the and I didn't take us Tara Reid -- it's precariously. Like balancing -- tree branches out there this is -- while would you rather and the days that the ", "an exchange with his longtime girlfriend Lauren Miller. Gene marry his partner of 28 years. Ex playmate Shannon tweet  Tara Reid  Reese Witherspoon plus Behar and Sherri shepherd. All got view matrimony meanwhile somewhere hoping the third time's ", "Gene -- marry his partner of 28 years. Ex playmate Shannon tweet Tara Reid Reese Witherspoon plus -- -- Behar and Sherri shepherd. All got -- view matrimony meanwhile somewhere hoping the third time's a charm "]