['violation following his 2011 arrest for heroin possession as long as he stayed clean. Redmond\'s older half-sister,  Tatum O \' Neal  , also told of her battle with drug addiction in her memoirs, "A Paper Life" and "Found." Cameron Douglas In ', "Richard Boyd says he's been on many memorable flights with famous people aboard, including tennis star John McEnroe,  Tatum O ' Neal , Stevie Wonder and Vin Scully. Though none of the encounters was life-changing, sitting next to the late Stanley ", 'violation following his 2011 arrest for heroin possession as long as he stayed clean. O\'Neal\'s older half-sister,  Tatum O \' Neal  , also detailed her battle with drug addiction in her memoirs "A Paper Life" and "Found." Cameron Douglas In 2010 ', 'Actor Richard Dreyfuss is suing his father and uncle to dissolve their business partnership and demand repayment of a $870,000 loan. Star of "Jaws" and "Close Encounters of the Third Kind," Dreyfuss filed an action for dissolution and breach of fiduciary duty against his father, Norman Dreyfuss,', 'story \'GOT CANCER. HAVING PROSTATE REMOVED.\' For  Tatum O \' Neal , Father\'s Day will be a Sunday just like any other longtime partner Farrah Fawcett, which came out in May.  Tatum O \' Neal  has a book of her own, "Found," now in paperback ', 'For  Tatum O \' Neal  , Father\'s Day will be a Sunday just like any other. Though she attempted life with longtime partner Farrah Fawcett, which came out in May.  Tatum O \' Neal  has a book of her own, "Found," now in paperback, that chronicles ', 'extra push" to build up her own enterprise.  Tatum O \' Neal  vs. Ryan O\'Neal  Tatum O \' Neal  was born in the spotlight, the daughter of star said her life became "very toxic."  Tatum O \' Neal  told "Nightline" anchor Cynthia McFadden ', 'following his arrest last year for heroin possession as long as he stayed clean. O\'Neal\'s older half-sister,  Tatum O \' Neal  , also detailed her battle with drug addiction in her 2004 autobiography, "A Paper Life." Cameron Douglas In 2010 ', 'extra push" to build up her own enterprise.  Tatum O \' Neal  vs. Ryan O\'Neal  Tatum O \' Neal  was born in the spotlight, the daughter of star said her life became "very toxic."  Tatum O \' Neal  told "Nightline" anchor Cynthia McFadden ', 'extra push" to build up her own enterprise.  Tatum O \' Neal  vs. Ryan O\'Neal  Tatum O \' Neal  was born in the spotlight, the daughter of star said her life became "very toxic."  Tatum O \' Neal  told "Nightline" anchor Cynthia McFadden ', "to finally put her 2007 havoc behind her this week, at what could be her final probation hearing.  Tatum O ' Neal  and Ryan O'Neal  Tatum O ' Neal  described how her drug dependence stemmed from her father, Ryan O'Neal, in her 2004 autobiography ", "1981 Gianni Versace ? 1980 Jane Fonda ? 1982 O.J. Simpson ? 1977 Arnold Schwarzenegger ?1977 Ryan O'Neal ? 1971  Tatum O ' Neal  ? 1986 Muhammad Ali ? Undated Edward Kennedy ? 1979 Tina Turner ? 1974 Truman Capote ? 1977 Liza Minnelli ? 1977 John ", 'extra push" to build up her own enterprise.  Tatum O \' Neal  vs. Ryan O\'Neal  Tatum O \' Neal  was born in the spotlight, the daughter of star said her life became "very toxic."  Tatum O \' Neal  told "Nightline" anchor Cynthia McFadden ', "We moved out our collaboration with Google and today's top rising searches  Tatum O ' Neal . The actress is the youngest person to ever win an Academy Award she was ten when she won the best supporting actress playing ", "We moved out our collaboration with Google and today's top rising searches Tatum O'Neal . The actress is the youngest person to ever win an Academy Award she was ten when she won the best supporting actress ", "Living their on reality TV took Iraqi turn for Ryan and  Tatum O ' Neal  and the father and daughter have. Well they've had which is an ongoing process the spokesman noted that  Tatum O ' Neal  joined her father in court just a few weeks ago. To ", "their -- -- on reality TV took Iraqi turn for Ryan and Tatum O'Neal and -- the father and daughter have. Well they've had a turbulent relationship for quite some time now but now a new ", "strengthening their relationship which is an ongoing process the spokesman noted that Tatum O'Neal joined her father in court just a few weeks ago. To offer support as her half brother Redmond faced another drug charge ", "She has been famous all of her life  Tatum O ' Neal  won an Oscar when she was just ten years old still the attempts by thirteen the drug addiction to heroin. Tonight  Tatum O ' Neal  who's written a new book tells a remarkable story ", "She has been famous all of her life Tatum O'Neal won an Oscar when she was just ten years old still the youngest person ever to win. But what's her life has been marked by sadness a mother who was unable to care for her to suicide attempts by thirteen the drug addiction to heroin. Tonight Tatum O'Neal who's written a new book tells a remarkable story of healing and forgiveness. How she got sober and -- searching for movie ", 'Tim accounts things were going well in her life she was sober the relationship with her ex husband John McEnroe had finally healed. They even attended the college graduation of their son Kevin together along with white rock star patty Smyth. Which makes what did earlier this month all the more', "Just came out of the courtroom her lawyer is sitting there and  Tatum O ' Neal  will be arraigned very shortly.  Tatum O ' Neal  drew the spotlight from a very at ten she became the youngest ever Academy Award winner for ", "Just came out of the courtroom her lawyer is sitting there and Tatum O'Neal will be arraigned very shortly. Tatum O'Neal drew the spotlight from a very -- -- at ten she became the youngest ever Academy Award winner for her role -- "]