['sought out advice during that time from actresses whose careers have stood the test of time, such as Meryl Streep,  Susan Sarandon  and Jodie Foster. She recounted the advice she got from the legendary actresses to Vogue. "You have to pick your ', "One of the sweetest, funniest, most generous actors I've ever worked with. Sending prayers to his family. -  Susan Sarandon  (@SusanSarandon) June 20, 2013 James Gandolfini. This is a tremendous loss. A brilliant actor and a wonderful ", 'Get-Up, "Tyler Perry\'s Madea\'s Witless Protection" Adam Sandler and either Leighton Meester, Andy Samberg or  Susan Sarandon , "That\'s My Boy" Worst Screenplay: "Atlas Shrugged: Part II" "Battleship" "That\'s My Boy!" "A Thousand ', 'using his business influence, arranges a meeting with politically ambitious federal prosecutor Joanne Keeghan ( Susan Sarandon ) and offers to help bust drug dealers in exchange for leniency for Jason. At first, Keeghan dismisses the idea ', 'It pays to be related to the stars. Michael Jackson\'s 16 year-old-son Prince is following in his father\'s Hollywood footprints and is working in the entertainment industry. Prince Jackson has landed a gig as special correspondent for "Entertainment Tonight." "I\'m looking to become well-rounded as a', "Vivienne Jolie-Pitt's Acting Debut, Plus 7 More Celeb Kids Mimicking Their Parents", 'It pays to star in an Angelina Jolie movie. Just ask her 4-year-old daughter, Vivienne Jolie-Pitt. It was announced last year that Vivienne -- one of six kids Jolie has with her fiance Brad Pitt -- will appear in her mom\'s Disney film "Maleficent," which tells the story of Sleeping Beauty from the', 'funny to put the Oscar in the refrigerator when people would go grab a beer or something ... It\'s still there."  Susan Sarandon  Like Foster, Sarandon once kept her golden statue for 1995\'s "Dead Man Walking" in the guest bathroom of her ', 'Get-Up, "Tyler Perry\'s Madea\'s Witless Protection" Adam Sandler and either Leighton Meester, Andy Samberg or  Susan Sarandon , "That\'s My Boy" Worst Screenplay: "Atlas Shrugged: Part II" "Battleship" "That\'s My Boy!" "A Thousand ', "David Beckham's son Romeo is following in his famous dad's footsteps, and we're not talking about the soccer field. Romeo, who turns 11 in January, is the star of Burberry's Spring/Summer 2013 ad campaign. Rocking a kids' trench coat and a big grin, he looks like a natural in front of the camera.", 'personally affected by the Superstorm gathered on stage. The telecast featured celebrity appearances by Billy Crystal,  Susan Sarandon , Adam Sandler, Ben Stiller, Kristen Stewart, Jon Stewart, Stephen Colbert, Diddy, Olivia Wilde, Steve Buscemi ', 'With Tom Cruise and Nicole Kidman as parents, one would think Connor Cruise would follow in their footsteps to become an award-winning actor. But Cruise has music in his future. The 17-year-old deejayed on "Live with Kelly and Michael" Monday, playing music for the audience and the hosts during', 'think about what images I\'m modeling for my daughter; decisions I\'m making and how that will affect her in her life," Berry said. "Cloud Atlas," which also stars Tom Hanks,  Susan Sarandon  and Hugh Grant, opens on October 26.', '14 we\'re back, now, with  susan sarandon . She\'s one of the biggest stars in hollywood big year also. Such a great guest this morning.  Susan sarandon . Rigby, too. "Arbitrage" opens tomorrow. Coming ', "14 we're back, now, with susan sarandon . She's one of the biggest stars in hollywood. She has more than 60 movies to her name. That's incredible. She has an ", 'Penny had a big year also. Such a great guest this morning. Susan sarandon . Rigby, too. "Arbitrage" opens tomorrow. Coming up, from the smallest ', "Not nationally a shocker here little  Susan Sarandon  is not the bide her time particularly when it comes to politics and such without she's taken all the Catholic Church apparently ", "Not nationally a shocker here little -- -- Susan Sarandon is not -- the bide her time particularly when it comes to politics and such without she's taken all the Catholic Church ", 'The actress plays table tennis with Robin Roberts, Josh Elliot and Sam Champion.', 'Susan Sarandon  brings passion to every in her life devoted mother fearless activist for charitable and political causes and of course Oscar winning ', 'Susan Sarandon brings passion to every -- in her life devoted mother fearless activist for charitable and political causes and of course Oscar winning ', "One-on-one with Sarandon, who plays evil Queen Narissa in Disney's, 'Enchanted.'", "star cast including Diane Keaton. As a divorced couple forced to pretend they're still merit their son's wedding  Susan Sarandon  plays to hero's girlfriend TV she's here right now to take a look at the movie. Just pretend to be married for ", "a divorced couple forced to pretend they're still merit their son's wedding Susan Sarandon plays to hero's girlfriend TV she's here right now to take a look at the movie. Just pretend to be married for ", "Reporter: For some up and coming actors there is a easy fix to the problem. They simply use a less high profile name.  Susan sarandon 's daughter, it's really interesting because they don't share the last name. This is mirl streep and we want ", "fix to the problem. They simply use a less high profile name. Susan sarandon's daughter, it's really interesting because they don't share the last name. This is mirl streep and we want to say good morning, "]