["George Will, Martha Raddatz, David Ignatius, and Michael Rubin on Egypt's future.", "point of voting what's the point of  democracy  where's my vote you know we we voted and say I'm not. Participate in  democracy  where others fear that. He speaks country the most populous country in the  Arab  world million people about one quarter of the entire  Arab  population when you're talking about unstable. Countries and the rest the  Middle East  whether it's you know Syria Lebanon ", "when you -- in -- country the most populous country in the Arab world -- -- million people about one quarter of the entire Arab population when you're talking about that country possibly falling into civil war or at least being so divided that he can't -- mean -- -- -- be mired in this stuff for a long long time to come. It's extraordinarily. Worrying we -- -- Very you know very unstable. Countries and the rest the Middle East whether it's you know Syria Lebanon. You know Tunisia. Libya the list goes on so to -- At this as such importing ", 'defeated this is street  democracy . Here supporters key player in the  middle east , in the  arab  world, the top more important than  democracy . They will work the most important  arab  country in the  middle east . Turning now to ', "advisers in the situation room. Egypt is the key player in the middle east , in the arab world, the top economic power, military power, political power. So while the white house says it's deeply concerned with the way morsi ", 'way is when it comes to egypt stability is more important than democracy . They will work with this new military team. They will talk about the need to eventually get to a democratic process, but they can not see a civil war break out in the most important arab country in the middle east . Turning now to the 4th of ', "Now we head overseas to the boiling unrest in egypt, the giant  arab  nation and a linchpin for america in the  middle east . This map shows you one reason why. A major life line for the world's oil supply drives through the heart of that and america knows it. A quarter of the region's arabs live in egypt. The fear is that if millions here give up on  democracy , they could turn to extremism, even terror. Where is my vote? Where is his vote? Reporter: Then there's the ", "Now we head overseas to the boiling unrest in egypt, the giant arab nation and a linchpin for america in the middle east . This map shows you one reason why. A major life line for the world's oil supply drives through the heart of that ", 'sending is that.  Democracy  is not for air moment of go as the  Arab Spring  as Groundhog Day elections and  democracy . That an  Arab came we had the  Arab Spring  because came through that that in the  Arab Spring  Egypt was already ', "you're having and then of the Groundhog Day in terms of the Arab Spring just. Less than three years late -- It will be interesting to see. Yes. Hasn't -- or some of his. Supporters. And ", 'will have with. -- more -- supporters but yes even if the Arab Spring you saw historically that that people did have an implicit trust of the military. And that the military said that you know ', "State Department in Dana. You talked a moment of go as the Arab Spring as Groundhog Day. When you look at this scene in tahrir square how do you think those images those actions in Egypt will impact other. Air springs other country -- -- even younger democracies. You know there's two -- look at it again the way that say the Muslim Brotherhood is saying is that. This sets a bad precedent it sets a precedent that. Even if there are elections and democracy . That an Arab countries they don't take those seriously and that. Really you can have government by the mob rule out another way to look at the situation. Is that. You know after years in years of what many considered to be an oppressive regime where the people didn't have a voice they're now saying no. We demand a voice and Jesse -- we elect to -- does not mean the UN then not accountable to us the people. We came we had the Arab Spring because -- came through and oppressive system. We came -- a long period where we had no voice and that's not gonna ", "what's happened with the  Arab Spring  him in in hindsight. Did years to get rid of slavery.  Democracy  requires a patient hand.  Democracy  requires. The building of civil society. And I believe  democracy  will ultimately take hold ", "-- in the streets. What -- look at what's happened with the Arab Spring him in in hindsight. Did did we pushed did you push too hard. Too fast for democratic change now Middle -- I think what you're saying is an evolution. Democracies take awhile to take -- I mean look at our own country took a hundred years to get rid of slavery. Democracy requires a patient hand. Democracy requires. The building of civil society. And I believe democracy will ultimately take hold and I hope that. People who live in comfortable nations are helping. Some these young egyptians understand -- ", 'this evening, perhaps the most arresting images since the  arab spring  there. Giant protests unfolding with several million people protest when he was stabbed. His family said he loved the  middle east  and wanted to move here in pursuit of peace. Tonight, that ', "And in egypt this evening, perhaps the most arresting images since the arab spring there. Giant protests unfolding with several million people on the streets of cairo now, marking the one-year anniversary of their president's inauguration. ", "they want side regime to go since very early on. And the  Arab Spring  when eight. When they're adults began when protests in of the core group of essentially Latin countries. In the  Middle East  and in Europe that it worked together to strengthen the Syrian ", "-- side regime to go -- since very early on. And the Arab Spring when -- eight. When they're adults began when -- protests in the streets. Began it gets to decide regime we started hearing ", "sorts why well here is why while you were flipping chicken. It GA decided to give twenty billion dollars to help. And  Middle East .  Democracy  movements what does that mean here's the quote our collective aim is to ensure that instability does not undermine ", "chicken. It GA decided to give twenty billion dollars to help. And Middle East . Democracy movements what does that mean here's the quote our collective aim is to ensure that instability does not undermine the process of ", "the heady days of the  arab spring  last year. When I visited fulfilled promises about the  arab spring . The  arab spring  wasn't just about freedom and  democracy . It was about social sentiment roaring through the  middle east . This video is disgusting ", "The rhetoric now, a world away from the heady days of the arab spring last year. When I visited yemen during its own uprising, the atmosphere was optimistic. Things have clearly changed. We do have to recognize that this kind of outrage that we're seeing in the region is a result of an enormous amount of frustration with the lack of fulfilled promises about the arab spring . The arab spring wasn't just about freedom and democracy . It was about social and economic progress. Reporter: Despite the death and utter devastation at the u.S. Mission in benghazi, the state ", "the use of excessive force against the protesters. And is encouraging restraint it's too early to say whether the  Arab Spring  has now spread to Turkey. But what is clear is that yet another of America's closest friends in the region is under ", "protesters. And is encouraging restraint it's too early to say whether the Arab Spring has now spread to Turkey. But what is clear is that yet another of America's closest friends in the region is under ", "the dawn of the  Arab Spring  and the ripple use the phrase  Arab Spring  springs last for only know we have  democracy  again years if wasn't well I think  Arab uprisings  are probably the disagreements about  democracy  again the same events in the  Arab  world with one away from the  Middle East  and and moving ", "you said if -- might. First as I would use the phrase Arab Spring springs last for three months this is gonna last for three decades springs are good this may not -- Second of all I don't think it's fair to say democracy -- -- What we've seen as the overthrow of some authoritarian regimes we don't have the basics of democracy real and a civil society we don't have constitutional is and we don't -- checks and balances. We'll only know -- we have democracy again years if not decades -- So does the pessimistic. Viewpoint realistic -- You -- -- -- institutions have yet to be enshrined. But political Islam was bound to be the first situation wasn't well I think -- -- Arab uprisings are probably the most important story of the early 21 century terms of changing. The last bloc of countries the world's most ", "Let's just talk about the  Arab spring  I since the Iran in revolution of 2009. Up through now obviously social media has become beam generator of the social activism ", "Let's just talk about the Arab spring I -- since the Iran in revolution of 2009. Up through now obviously social media has become beam generator of the social ", "Let's just talk about the  Arab spring  I since the Iran in revolution of 2009. Up through now obviously social media has become beam generator of the social activism ", "Let's just talk about the Arab spring I -- since the Iran in revolution of 2009. Up through now obviously social media has become beam generator of the social ", "uprising sweeping the  Middle East  where heady atmosphere if it promotes  democracy . Any military the rest of the  Arab  world president events the so called  Arab spring  create an end and what's going on a  Middle East  without being too like the phrase  Arab spring  for two reasons ", "that are not expected. What do you think the people of the Arab world right now those who have rising in countries from two -- and on to Syria and beyond. What are they looking for if anything from a speech by President Obama. Well I think -- -- generally events the so called Arab spring -- create an end and an enormous amount of enthusiasm and excitement but also some trepidation. I think the power of the United States again this is just from interviews but the power the United States and -- the revolutions in Egypt and Tunisia. Was at the revolution's themselves were not very associated with the United States. These organic movements organic change in a new and a way of -- spring is about the Arab world itself. I think the president is going to have a challenge in trying to navigate that. Trying to take to have some role in what's going on a Middle East without being too associated with that I think we'll look at the history of the Arab world -- understand that intervention is rarely gone well be it. The 1956 Suez war the Israeli invasion of Lebanon -- 82. Even the Iraq War so. This is a very delicate moment I think in the Arab world and and what gives -- I think gives they are -- such force and such vigor in some ways is that. It's the Arab world at a moment trying to determine on its. Own what it will be cop -- thank you so much for joining ", "President -- to avoid over promising indeed I don't like the phrase Arab spring for two reasons it's too positive and it suggests things are gonna happen in the course of the season. We're looking at ", "to deal with the upheaval across the  Middle East . She contracting and development speech although He will talk about how the  Arab spring . Has not exactly flourished in Syria attempt I'm told to re engaged with the  Arab  and Muslim world as the US. Draws down And Egypt to countries on their way to  democracy . With serious effort to economic reform ", "Obama with his latest strategy to deal with the upheaval across the Middle East . She -- contracting and development -- speech from the white SA and -- we saw the president call for Mubarak to go. In Egypt and called for Qaddafi to go. In Libya. The White House announced sanctions on Syria in advance this speech but the president will not call for president -- to go. That's right that's what sources say the president -- -- not call for the Syrian president to step down although He will talk about how the Arab spring . Has not exactly flourished in Syria and and -- the new sanctions that you talked about against president decide the speech will be an attempt I'm told to re engaged with the Arab and Muslim world as the US. Draws down troops from Iraq to talk about how the US want to have a political. And economic engagement with the region with an emphasis on nonviolence human rights political and economic reform and in terms of economic reform. The US will talk about how it's prepared to step in and help Tunisia. And Egypt to countries on their way to democracy . With serious effort to -- economic reform including two billion dollars for Egypt for loan guarantees investment and debt relief Jordan. Meanwhile ", 'Obama, King Abdullah Press Conference 2013: Leaders Discuss Mideast Peace in Jordan', "president Obama's  Middle East  tour he flies alliance in the  Arab  world right now two years of the  Arab Spring  there has been balances of proper  democracy . And our parliament the third in the  Middle East . We are saying that the  Arab Spring  is behind this wrapping up his  Middle East  trip with a Jordan's politically he said the  Arab Spring  is behind us the ", "his father before him king Hussein -- some of the closest allies Arab allies. That the US has had so it's very important for President Obama to sit down with King Abdullah it is very important juncture in the Middle East . But we expect them to not just talk about now in this press conference but in the meetings that will follow tonight. There's some of the same issues that were discussed here in Israel the Palestinian territories. Namely Syria. And it's the the Palestinian Israeli peace process -- were also expecting him to touch on domestic reforms in Jordan to the last two years of the Arab Spring there has been unrest in Jordan not nearly on the same level as we've seen in places like. Yemen Tunisia. Libya Egypt ", "and -- -- what we're -- is the third -- in the Middle East . We are saying that the Arab Spring is behind this we -- what I'm looking now at the -- summer for actual. Which means that we will -- -- ", "surrounded. The anger is all too familiar. But this is different and very frighten frightening. Egypt, the most populous  arab  country, is america's number one ally in the region. With its long-standing peace treaty with israel, egypt helps night. Many of the people we've spoken to here on the street say they won't let up until they get the freedoms and  democracy  they fought so hard for.", "street say they won't let up until they get the freedoms and democracy they fought so hard for. ", 'and freedom is indeed universal S men and women in the  Middle East  rise up to it. Yet the promise of the  Arab Spring  is in in uncertainty. Internal strife and hostile neighbors. Are challenging the young fragile  democracy  of Iraq dictators in Iran and Syria butchered their people ', 'liberty and freedom is indeed universal S men and women in the Middle East rise up to -- it. Yet the promise of the Arab Spring is in -- in uncertainty. Internal strife and hostile neighbors. Are challenging the young fragile democracy of Iraq dictators in Iran and Syria butchered their people and threaten regional security. Russia and China prevent a response and every ', 'indeed universal as men and women in the  Middle East  rise up to it. Yet the promise of the  Arab Spring  is in in uncertain deep internal strife Are challenging the young fragile  democracy  of Iraq. Dictators in Iran and Syria religious dissident in China. The  democracy  advocate in Venezuela the political ', 'liberty and freedom is indeed universal as men and women in the Middle East rise up to -- it. Yet the promise of the Arab Spring is in -- in uncertain deep internal strife and hostile neighbors. Are challenging the young fragile democracy of Iraq. Dictators in Iran and Syria -- their people and threaten regional security. Russia and China prevent a response and every ']