['any addiction, but for David Duchovny , the road to recovery has been especially rocky. This week, Duchovny and his wife,  Tea Leoni  , separated for a second time in their 14-year marriage. Duchovny, 50, and Leoni, 45, have weathered this storm before ', 'back to Sweden and planned to be out of the country when Woods played the Masters. The jury is still out on this marriage.  Tea Leoni  and David Duchovny In August 2008, Duchovny, the "Californication" star , admitted he had a sex addiction and entered rehab ', 'so-called sex addict on his Showtime series "Californication," also sought treatment after he admitted to cheating on wife  Tea Leoni . Family therapist Terry Real said the medical community needs to open itself up to accepting that addictions don\'t always ', 'my wife and children as we deal with this situation as a family." Duchovny, 48, has been married since 1997 to actress  Tea Leoni , with whom he has a 9-year-old daughter and a 6-year-old son. Showtime, which will begin airing the show\'s second ', 'decisions before their interview airs, but David Duchovny did not listen. The day after he talked to Walters, he married  Tea Leoni . What are the biggest mistakes a guest can make on a Barbara Walters special? Forgetting to tell the truth, and forgetting ', 'down to this: Whom do you want to save the planet? Bruce Willis, Billy Bob Thornton and Ben Affleck, or Robert Duvall,  Tea Leoni  and Elijah Wood? Buck Wolf is entertainment producer at ABCNEWS.com. "The Wolf Files" is published Tuesdays.', 'How fornication starred David Duchovny has separated from his wife Leone after fourteen years. Sources say the couple is taking some time apart but have not decided whether to take the next step and file for divorce.', "say anything I don't think anyone would have known this but Billy Bob Thornton has come out and said don't blame me. For  Tea Leoni  and David Duchovny splitting up so yesterday they announced they were splitting up. There's been all these you know people ", "Billy Bob Thornton has come out and said don't blame me. For Tea Leoni and David Duchovny splitting up so yesterday they announced they were splitting up. There's been all these you know people have been ", "rising searches are about politics but. One search stood out David Duchovny the actor according to his lawyer the husband of  Tea Leoni  has entered rehab to treat his sex addiction. We don't no sex addiction rehab is existed. And we probably don't wanna ", "out David Duchovny the actor according to his lawyer the husband of Tea Leoni has entered rehab to treat his sex addiction. We don't -- no sex addiction rehab is existed. And we probably don't wanna ", "I ask for respect and privacy for my wife and children. As we deal with the situation as a family of course is married to  Tea Leoni  the actors they have two children together and again he's in rehab. His lawyer tells People Magazine for sex addiction I've ", "deal with the situation as a family of course is married to Tea Leoni the actors they have two children together and again he's in rehab. His lawyer tells People Magazine for sex addiction I've actually ", "rising searches are about politics but. One search stood out David Duchovny the actor according to his lawyer the husband of  Tea Leoni  has entered rehab to treat his sex addiction. We don't no sex addiction rehab is existed. And we probably don't wanna ", "out David Duchovny the actor according to his lawyer the husband of Tea Leoni has entered rehab to treat his sex addiction. We don't -- no sex addiction rehab is existed. And we probably don't wanna "]