['Demonstrators attacked the U.S. embassies in Yemen and Egypt on Thursday in protest at a film they consider blasphemous to Islam, and American warships headed to Lib...', 'J. Christopher Stevens, the U.S. ambassador to Libya, was killed Tuesday in the attack on the U.S. Consulate in the eastern city of Benghazi by protesters angry over...', 'Republican senators finally got their opportunity Tuesday for a face-to-face talk with UN Ambassador Susan Rice about the events surrounding the fatal attacks on U.S...', 'Former US official in Tripoli describes confusion, call with Clinton during Benghazi  attack', 'A former top diplomat in Libya on Wednesday delivered a riveting minute-by-minute account of the chaotic events during the deadly assault on the U.S. diplomatic miss...', 'A Libyan official said Thursday that the deadly attack on the U.S. Consulate in Benghazi was a planned, two-part operation that included a raid on a supposedly secre...', 'The surrounding mystery of the man behind the crudely produced anti-Islamic video that sparked violence in the Middle East took a strange turn after he appeared in c...', "Several hundred lawyers protesting an anti-Islam video forced their way into an area in Pakistan's capital that houses the U.S. Embassy and other foreign missions on...", 'From an ordinary computer, a Raytheon system can monitor television broadcasts from all over the world, 24 hours a day, 7 days a week -- and instantly translate and ...', "Ambassador Rice spends Sunday reinforcing White House position that Middle East violence was 'spontaneous'", "The leader of Al Qaeda is encouraging Muslims to wage holy war against the United States and Israel in response to a film that insulted Islam's Prophet Muhammad.Ayma...", 'Secretary of State Hillary Clinton must testify before Congress on the Benghazi issue before the Senate begins confirmation hearings on likely replacement Sen. John ...', 'Rep. Rogers slams State Department for Pakistan ads denouncing anti-Islamic film', 'A leading House Republican criticized the Obama administration Sunday for running ads in Pakistan denouncing the anti-Islamic film that allegedly sparked violent and...']