['Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan speaks to the deputies of his ruling Justice and Development Party during a meeting with Turkish parliament on Tuesday, June 18. Erdogan said he had no intention of restricting anyone\'s democratic rights. "If you want to make a protest do it, do it, but do it within the framework of law," he said.', 'Turkish performance artist Erdem Gunduz, center, is joined by others as he makes his silent protest in Taksim Square. As word of his gesture of protest spread, Gunduz became known as the "standing man." Protests that began as a demonstration against the planned demolition of a park have grown into general anti-government dissent across the nation. ', 'People carry the coffin of Ethem Sarisuluk, who was killed during recent protests in Turkey, on Sunday, June 16, in Ankara. ', 'Tens of thousands attend a rally to hear Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan speak in Istanbul on June 16, a day after he ordered a crackdown on anti-government protesters at Gezi Park. ', 'A protester faces water cannons during a clash with police at an anti-government demonstration in Ankara on June 16. ', 'Police walk through tear gas during protests at Kizilay Square in central Ankara on June 16.', "Police detain protesters after a crackdown on a demonstration at Istanbul's Gezi Park on June 16.", 'A protester runs during clashes between riot police and demonstrators in the streets adjacent to Taksim Square in Istanbul on Sunday, June 16. ', 'A protester throws a tear gas canister back at riot police during clashes near Taksim Square on June 16.', 'Trash containers burn in front of riot police forces in Ankara, Turkey, on June 16.', 'Protesters gather in the main shopping street near Taksim Square in the early morning hours of June 16 as riot police clear Gezi Park in Istanbul. ', 'Turkish riot police officers use rubber bullets on June 15 to disperse demonstrators in Gezi Park in Istanbul on June 15. ', 'Protesters scramble for safety as Turkish riot police officers push them out of Gezi Park using tear gas and rubber bullets. ', 'Protesters run for cover as riot police spray them with a water cannon on June 15. ', 'A protester throws rocks at police during clashes at the entrance of Gezi Park on June 15.', 'A protester on June 15, reacts in pain to a salvo of tear gas fired by Turkish riot police chasing out demonstrators in order to dismantle their tent camp in Gezi Park in Istanbul. ', "Protesters sleep in Gezi Park in Istanbul's Taksim Square early Thursday, June 13. Turkey's prime minister on Thursday called on protesters camped out in the park to pack up and leave. ", 'A man plays piano for hundreds of protesters in Taksim Square on Wednesday, June 12, in Istanbul.', "A man sleeps in Gezi Park in Istanbul's Taksim Square early on June 12, hours after riot police moved into the square in an attempt to push demonstrators out. ", 'Municipal workers clean up a street in Taksim Square early on June 12, after police moved in to disperse protesters.', 'A protester prepares to throw a tear gas canister back toward police in Taksim Square on Tuesday, June 11.', 'Photographers crowd around a protester posing in front of a riot police vehicle at Taksim Square on June 11.', 'Riot police aim a water cannon at a protester as others take cover behind a makeshift shelter in Taksim Square on June 11.', 'A protester holds fireworks during clashes with riot police in Istabul on June 11.', "Riot police use water cannons and tear gas to disperse a crowd near Istabul's Taksim Square on June 11.", 'Medics carry Yasin Ayhan, 23, a protester who broke his leg in a raid early Monday, June 10, in Kugulu Park. Riot police doused thousands of protesters in Ankara with tear gas and jets of water for a second straight night. ', 'Protesters sleep at Taksim Square in central Istanbul on June 10. Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan warned protesters who have taken to the streets demanding his resignation that his patience has its limits and compared the unrest with an army attempt six years ago to curb his power.', 'A demonstrator is detained by police officers as protests resumed in Kizilay Square in Ankara on Sunday, June 9. ', 'A demonstrator covers his face with a makeshift gas mask during protests in Kizilay Square in Ankara on June 9. ', 'Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan, left, and his wife, Emine, wave to supporters upon their arrival in Ankara on June 9. Erdogan told supporters that "even patience has an end" as he went on the offensive against mass protests that have consumed Ankara and Istanbul.', 'Erdogan addresses supporters from the top of a bus as police stand guard at Esenboga International Airport in Ankara on June 9.', 'Protesters gather during a demonstration at Taksim Square in Istanbul, on June 9. ', 'A demonstrator runs toward police during clashes with riot police in Istanbul, on Saturday, June 8.', 'Demonstrators shout slogans as they gather at Kizilay Square in Ankara, Turkey, on June 8.', 'Protesters rest in Gezi Park next to Taksim Square during a demonstration in Istanbul on Friday, June 7.', 'Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan speaks during the opening session of the Ministry for European Union Affairs Conference on June 7 in Istanbul. Erdogan said today his Islamic-rooted government was open to "democratic demands" and hit back at EU criticism of his government\'s handling of a week of unrest.', "Supporters of Erdogan wave the Turkish flag upon the prime minister's arrival in Istanbul, on June 7.", 'A man walks past damaged buses near Taksim Square on Thursday, June 6, in Istanbul, Turkey.', 'A mother and her daughter read notes placed by protestors on a destroyed car in Taksim Square on June 6. Thousands of striking union members joined the anti-government protests on June 5, marching in Istanbul and Ankara in a sea of red and white union flags, drumming and yelling for Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan to resign.', 'Protestors demonstrate near the office building of Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan in Istanbul early on June 6.', 'A municipal worker collects garbage set on fire by Turkish protesters in a restaurant district of Ankara on June 5. ', 'A woman is wheeled away by paramedics during clashes on Kizilay Square in Ankara on Wednesday, June 5.', 'Protesters confront police forces during riots in a restaurant district of Ankara, on June 5.', 'Demonstrators run for cover as police use water cannons and tear gas on the crowd in Ankara on June 5.', 'Protesters gather in Taksim Square as they shout slogans while protesting on Tuesday, June 4, in Istanbul, Turkey.', 'Paramedics carry a woman injured during clashes between demonstrators and riot police in Istanbul on June 4.', "A protester looks on during clashes with Turkish police outside of Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan's office, near Taksim Square in Istanbul on Tuesday, June 4. ", "Protesters cover their faces with plastic. After chaotic scenes in the streets Monday that continued late into the night and sent tear gas wafting through the air, the situation was relatively calm on Tuesday morning in Istanbul's central Taksim Square, near the park where the movement began.", 'A demonstrator takes cover at a road block between Taksim and Besiktas in Istanbul on June 4.', 'Protesters clash with riot police between Taksim and Besiktas in Istanbul on Monday, June 3.', 'Protestors pass bricks for building barricades during clashes with riot police in Istanbul on June 3.', 'Demonstrators set up road blocks between Taksim and Besiktas. Barricades remain up around the square, and Erdogan\'s opponents appear determined to continue the demonstrations despite the prime minister\'s comment on June 3 that he expects the situation to return to normal "within a few days."', 'A medical team tends to a protester. The Turkish Medical Association claimed that at least 3,195 people had been injured in clashes on June 1 and June 2. Only 26 of them were in serious or critical condition, it said.', 'Protesters stand atop a pile of rubble during clashes with Turkish police on Monday, June 3. ', 'Turkish riot police fire tear gas canisters to disperse protesters near Taksim Square on June 3.', 'Police officers tend to a demonstrator during the violent clashes in Istanbul on June 3.', 'A protester waves the Turkish flag from a rooftop at Taksim Square on June 3 as large crowds continue to demonstrate below.', 'A protester wears a gas mask as smoke from a burned car fills the air at Taksim Square on June 3.', "Despite Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan's call for calm on Monday, June 3, protests continued in Istanbul. Protesters carry the Turkish flag and shout against the government in Gezi Park near central Istanbul.", 'After protests that lasted until the early morning, a protester sleeps in a damaged and vandalized vehicle in Taksim Square on June 3. Protests showed no sign of letting up on Monday, almost a week after a peaceful sit-in was met with a police crackdown, igniting the biggest anti-government riots the city has seen in a decade.', 'A tired protester rests in front of the graffiti-sprayed wall of an information booth at Taksim Square in central Istanbul on June 3.', "Turkish protesters clash with riot police near the prime minister's office between Taksim and Besiktas early June 3.", "Protesters drive an excavator toward Turkish riot police as they make their way to Erdogan's office on June 3.", 'During the clashes, volunteer doctors helped injured protesters in a mosque on June 3.', 'A protester is silhouetted by a burning car at Taksim Square during clashes in the early morning of June 3.', "Riot police fire tear gas during a protest against Turkey's Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan and his ruling AK Party in central Ankara on June 2. Sparked by the events in Istanbul, general anti-government protests have sprung up in Ankara.", 'Demonstrators hide behind makeshift shields during clashes with Turkish riot police in Ankara on June 2.', "Police use a water cannon to disperse protesters outside Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan's working office in Istanbul on June 2.", 'Protesters cling to a police vehicle mounted with a water canon in Istanbul on June 2.', 'A protester flashes a victory sign as he takes part in a demonstration in Ankara on Saturday, June 1 in support of the protests in Istanbul against government plans to demolish a park. ', "Protesters clash with riot police near Gezi Park on June 1. Earlier this week, several dozen activists tried to stage a sit-in at the park, the last bit of green space left in Istanbul's Taksim Square, the city's transit and commercial hub.", "Turkish protesters wearing gas masks face off against riot police near Istanbul's Taksim Square on June 1. ", 'Riot police use tear gas in an attempt to disperse the crowd of demonstrators on June 1. ', 'A man flees the clashes between Turkish protestors and riot police on June 1. On Friday, May 31, riot police stormed the growing camp in Gezi Park with water cannons and tear gas, pushing protesters into surrounding streets and triggering the clashes that have continued for more than 24 hours.', 'The clashes damaged surrounding businesses in Istanbul and forced them to close on June 1.', 'A man catches his breath behind the line where clashes are taking place on June 1.', 'A pair of tourists gasp for air as riot police use tear gas and water cannons the fend off the demonstrators. Turkish security forces allowed small groups of pedestrians to travel through the square.', 'Riot police fire tear gas into the crowd of protesters overnight on Friday, May 31.', 'Demonstrators set up barricades and build a fire as they clash with Turkish officers on May 31.', 'Friends carry an injured protester on May 31. More than a dozen people have been injured in the clashes.', 'Riot police use tear gas and water cannons to disperse a crowd at Taksim Square on May 31.', 'A crowd scatters during clashes on May 31, as one demonstrator throws back the tear gas canister that was launched by riot police.', 'Protestors brace themselves as they are fired upon with a water canon by Turkish police forces.', 'A large group of demonstrators gather to protest the demolition of Gezi Park in Taksim Square on May 31.', 'Police crackdown on peaceful protests against plans to demolish park sparked riots', "Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan calls crackdown 'excessive' but says he's not a dictator", "Editor's note: Fadi Hakura is the associate fellow and manager of the Turkey Project at the London-based think-tank Chatham House. He has written and lectured extensively on Turkey's political, economic and foreign policy and the relationship between the European Union and Turkey. ", "(CNN) -- Taksim Square is Istanbul's equivalent to Cairo's Tahrir Square or London's Trafalgar Square and it is now the epicenter of demonstrations triggered by construction plans for a shopping center in one of the city's few remaining green spaces.", 'What was initially a small sit-in has morphed into a major series of protests due to -- in the words of Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan -- "excessive force" by the police.', 'These protests reflect, in part, the deep ideological polarization between secular, liberal-minded Turks, and the more religious Turks, representing a quarter and two-thirds of the population respectively based on the 2011 general election results.', "A typical example cited by detractors is the government's recent enactment of tight restrictions on the sale and promotion of alcohol even though the Turkish government's Household Budget Surveys estimates that only 6 percent of Turkish households are alcohol drinkers. Less than 1.5 percent of car accidents in 2012 were alcohol-related according to Turkish economist Emre Deliveli .", "At the same time, critics are unhappy at the rapid pace of urbanization in Turkey's metropolitan cities. Erdogan is planning to build a third airport, a third Bosphorus bridge and a canal linking the Black Sea with the Sea of Marmara, which are likely to destroy millions of trees and a delicate ecosystem in northern Istanbul. A staggering $4.7 billion was spent on ambitious construction projects last year in Istanbul alone.", 'Given the litany of grievances and the confrontational nature of Turkish politics, the raging protests come as no surprise. They coincide with a rapidly slowing economy that is likely to witness moderate growth rates at best for the foreseeable future without increased structural reforms. Unfortunately, the Turkish government is not expected to undertake major reform initiatives anytime soon, especially since the campaigning for the local and presidential elections in 2014 and the parliamentary elections in 2015 are already underway.', 'Despite the rising emotions sweeping Turkey, this is not equivalent to the "Arab Spring" that led to the toppling of former Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak. Unlike Egypt and other Arab countries, Turkey is a functioning, albeit incomplete, democracy and has been since 1950.', 'Erdogan received a resounding mandate of almost half the vote in the last general elections in 2011. He still remains the most popular politician in Turkey, while the opposition is widely seen by many Turks as weak and ineffective.', "Undoubtedly, the global media coverage of the riots and the disproportionate security response has dented the international image of Erdogan and the governing Justice and Development Party as a progressive force in Turkey's political scene. Nevertheless, the ultimate determinant of Erdogan's staying power will be the state of the Turkish economy rather than anti-government demonstrations.", 'CNN received more than 1,000 iReports from Turkey in less than a week from Turks compelled to document, protest and demand their voices be heard.', 'Scenes of violent clashes between protesters and police may make visitors to Istanbul think twice. Is it time to cancel your trip?', 'The ruling party has exploited the resentment toward the parting with old Islamic ways when Ataturk moderned Turkey, writes David Perry.', 'The image of a woman in a red dress being sprayed with tear gas has become the symbol of the protests.', "He's perhaps the most powerful and popular politician Turkey has seen in generations. But Erdogan may also be the most polarizing.", "Violence in Turkey is a direct result of Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan's use of extreme force, escalating rhetoric, and inability to listen to dissent, two experts write.", 'How has a peaceful sit-in over plans to demolish a park grown to become the biggest protest movement against Prime Minister Erdogan?']