["An  Egyptian  security official says an army bus has crashed into a truck on the country's was not authorized to speak to the press. Road accidents are common in  Egypt  due to badly maintained roads and poor enforcement of traffic laws. According ", "An  Egyptian  security official says an army bus has crashed into a truck on the country's was not authorized to speak to the press. Road accidents are common in  Egypt  due to badly maintained roads and poor enforcement of traffic laws. According ", 'Foreign Ministry officials did not respond Saturday to questions about the discrepancy in the version of events. Seldon Lady faces prison in Italy after being convicted in absentia in the 2003 abduction of an  Egyptian  terrorism suspect.', "drafting of  Egypt 's constitution by young  Egyptians  who helped suggestions from  Egyptians  on the constitution between  Cairo  and the volatile region of the  Sinai Peninsula . Part of supporters in  Cairo  this week operate in  Egypt . An employee made by  Egyptians , according released by the  Egyptian  presidency ", "competed for Obama's attention, most notably U.S. intelligence assessments of Syrian chemical weapons use and the coup in  Egypt , as well as troubles with Afghan President Hamid Karzai as the U.S. moves toward ending the war there. But the controversies ", "with Islamist supporters of  Egypt 's ousted President Mohammed Morsi camped out outside a  Cairo  mosque in their neighborhood complaints have been sucked into  Egypt 's bitter polarization over presence on the edge of the eastern  Cairo  district of Nasr City. At least ", 'to questions about whether former  Egyptian  President Mohamed Morsi\'s ouster refusing to characterize the situation in  Egypt  as one. "I don\'t want to be analyzing challenge is "to describe the events in  Egypt , but if you use the word coup you ', 'broke out in  Cairo , according destined for  Egypt \'s military land and the  Sinai Peninsula  from "terrorists militants against  Egyptian  security the wave,  Egypt  has beefed Ramadan, which  Egyptians  celebrate return of the  Sinai Peninsula  to  Egypt Al-Jazeera\'s  Egypt  affiliate along one of  Cairo \'s main ', 'The U.S. says a former CIA base chief in Milan convicted in the 2003 abduction of an  Egyptian  terror suspect in Italy is either en route or has already landed in the United States. State Department spokeswoman Marie Harf ', 'has revoked five licenses allowing exports to  Egypt  in light of recent unrest there leading to the government undertook a review of export licenses for  Egypt  "as a result of the changing situation."  Egypt  has witnessed street clashes and protests since ', "he felt glamorized him. 3. MASSIVE PROTESTS PLANNED IN  EGYPT  Allies of ousted president Mohammed Morsi will rally against convicted in absentia in Italy in 2009 in the abduction of an  Egyptian  terror suspect from a Milan street. He's never been in ", "N. resolution aimed at pressuring Assad's government to end the escalating civil war in Syria. Omar Suleiman, 76,  Egypt 's former spy chief, deposed President Hosni Mubarak's top lieutenant and keeper of secrets who ran for president earlier ", "an Indiana Jones-style archaeological fantasy, the Digs includes a 500-pound mahogany and gold-leaf bed, a handmade  Egyptian  chandelier and Alexander the Great's war mask. And that's just in the pictured room. Not shown: The 400-pound aquarium ", 'buck." Boehner calls the measure "a train wreck." 4.  EGYPT \'S NEW LEADER WARNS AGAINST CHAOS In his first address convicted in absentia in Italy in 2009 in the abduction of an  Egyptian  terror suspect from a Milan street. He\'s never been in Italian ', "Netanyahu spoke by phone Thursday. In addition to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, they also discussed the crisis in  Egypt , Syria's civil war and Iran's nuclear program. Kerry is in Jordan and will consult with Israeli and Palestinian leaders ", "Egypt's  Interim Leader Vows to Protect Country From Those Who Push for Chaos, Violence", "Egypt 's interim leader vows to protect country from those who push for chaos, violence.", "Egypt 's military has issued a stern warning against violence a day ahead of potentially massive protests called for by supporters of ", "Egypt 's military has issued a stern warning against violence a day ahead of potentially massive protests called for by supporters of ", 'The Italian justice ministry says a former CIA station chief who was convicted in the 2003 abduction of an  Egyptian  terror suspect from a street of Milan has been detained in Panama. Robert Seldon Lady, the former Milan station chief, was sentenced ']