['"Tears in the Darkness" authors Michael and Elizabeth Norman and Fmr. POW Ben Steele on the  Bataan Death March  during  World War II .', 'U.S. thriller writer Dean Koontz has been labeled a racist for referring to a Japanese executive as "Mr. Teriyaki" and referring to Japan\'s surrender during World Wa...', "Japan's foreign minister apologizes to visiting group of US POWs, says treatment was brutal", "John Dahl's ( search ) career can be summed up in four words: good movies, bad timing.Dahl does not dispute this characterization, which extends even to his latest p...", "Fox News' Tony Snow interviews Secretary of State Colin Powell:SNOW: President Bush returned late last night from his first extended trip overseas, a journey on whic...", 'This week, "War Stories" brings you the story of how a small group of American Rangers were called upon to rescue over 500 American and Allied prisoners of war from ...', 'Monday, April 21 at 3 a.m. ETHosted by Oliver NorthThis week, during the year of the 66th anniversary of the Baatan death march, "War Stories" brings you the story o...', 'Blowing in the wind: Syracuse, SDSU practice in breeze for hoops game on aircraft carrier', 'The strong wind whipped the American flag and dozens of signal flags on the island of the USS Midway, giving No. 9 Syracuse and No. 20 San Diego State an idea of wha...', "Americans honored the nation's troops Tuesday in commemoration of Veterans Day.President Bush arrived in New York to formally rededicate the Intrepid museum in honor...", 'The Philippines said Wednesday its oldest World War II veteran, who escaped from Japanese troops before the infamous Bataan Death March and became a guerrilla fighte...', 'Go inside the largest and most successful rescue mission of American troops in U.S. Army history', 'More than six decades after being freed from a Japanese prisoner of war camp, a Utah veteran was compelled to relive the horrors and triumphs of his World War II exp...', 'John J. Wilpers Jr., the last surviving member of the U.S. Army intelligence unit that captured former Japanese Prime Minister Hideki Tojo after World War II, has di...', 'Xavier Alvarez was in good company when he stood up at a public meeting and called himself a wounded war veteran who had received the top military award, the Medal o...', 'Xavier Alvarez was in good company when he stood up at a public meeting and called himself a wounded war veteran who had received the top military award, the Medal o...']