['you\'ve been living (and/or creating performance art) under a rock, you are likely aware that actress and artist  Tilda Swinton  performed her piece, "The Maybe," at New York City\'s MoMA this past weekend. This involved napping in a glass ', "It's nap time for  Tilda Swinton . The Academy Award-winning actress and recent Davide Bowie music video star is performing art on an unexpected display at New ", "Mormon' opened on Broadway in the U.S. it sold $1.5 million dollars in ticket sales.  TILDA SWINTON 'S PERFORMANCE ART PIECE Actress  Tilda Swinton  is drawing in crowds for her performance art piece at the New York's Museum of Modern Art ", 'filmmaker Floria Sigismondi, writer and director of " The Runaways" about the \'70s starring Kristen Stewart. Actress  Tilda Swinton , 2007 Academy Award winner for Best Supporting Actress in "Michael Clayton," plays Bowie\'s wife. Swinton even ', "The Zen of Bruce Willis: Action Star Talks New Baby, 'Die Hard 5' and 'Moonrise Kingdom'", 'story of two kids who fall in love, stars some acting heavyweights, including Oscar winners Frances McDormand and  Tilda Swinton , along with nominees Edward Norton and Bill Murray. Willis says the young stars in the cast were less than intimidated ', 'known for her eccentric dress and androgynous look -  Tilda Swinton  is warm and charming in person. At 5\'11 she arrived Nightline" anchor Cynthia McFadden\'s full interview with  Tilda Swinton  tonight at 11:35 p.m. ET', 'Lindsay Lohan, Kim Kardashian, Paris Hilton Inexplicably Show Up at Golden Globe After Parties', 'carpet in a low cut, black lace number at InStyle\'s party, which ABCNews.com saw Mila Kunis, Emma Stone, and  Tilda Swinton  streaming out of at around 10 p.m. We later spotted Swinton talking with "Girl with the Dragon Tattoo" director ', 'DreamWorks Pictures / Touchstone Pictures) MERYL STREEP / Margaret Thatcher - THE IRON LADY (The Weinstein Company)  TILDA SWINTON  / Eva - WE NEED TO TALK ABOUT KEVIN (Oscilloscope Laboratories) MICHELLE WILLIAMS / Marilyn Monroe - MY WEEK WITH ', 'psychopathic colors early before going on a killing rampage at his high school. The character\'s mother, played by  Tilda Swinton , wonders if it was her fault, and it would be comforting to say, "no." But psychiatric experts say that psychopathy ', "with a bank the 66 year old spurs new video from his first new album and it pretty serious star power Oscar winner  Tilda Swinton  stars alongside in the six minute real for his song. Stars are out tonight she plays but and we watched as they're ", 'new album and it -- -- pretty serious star power Oscar winner Tilda Swinton stars alongside -- in the six minute real for his song. Stars are out tonight she plays but -- -- and we ', "As you know you're your domestic situation is always this sort of mystery. Yeah there is some mix of but sabathia people like to believe all sorts of magical ideas. So you you have. Twin children and grandchildren whose father is a beloved uncle John. I've not lived with both Japanese. And for the", "And I think. it's something. Used to. Far you know things something. Mask. And accurate numbers. That's great competitors. And if it looks. I. Don't deliberate effort. To his hotel after the of losers you know among.", "This to even ask you to sing it well it's my thing where I just letting people do it. Kabul witnessing. And missing teach them. Fed do on trend that I think what probably something in panic from an the things that I used to sing to them to sing. And come on just a little bit net because they'll be", 'She is known as one of the finest actresses of her generation but  Tilda Swinton  is nothing if not unexpected. Former David we style hair. Her latest film defies the rules as my co anchor Cynthia McFadden discovered ', 'is known as one of the finest actresses of her generation but Tilda Swinton is nothing if not unexpected. Former David -- we style hair. Her latest film -- defies the rules as my co anchor ', 'Tilda Swinton  plays the mother of a psychopathic teenager in this chilling film.']