["adaptability and crude interference in  Egypt 's affairs ... It is an essentially fighting. Morsi has also maintained  Egypt 's 1979 peace treaty with Israel, a Tuesday in four different locations in  Cairo .  Egypt 's state news agency said 17 policemen ", "of Middle East diplomacy as he tries to prevent crises in  Egypt  and Syria from overtaking his bid to restart stalled Israeli-Palestinian sides back to negotiations, and discuss developments in  Egypt  and Syria. In Amman, Kerry will also see Jordan's king ", 'last year. The price spike has been caused by a significant decline in crude oil inventory "as well as the situation in  Egypt  that is likely stoking tensions and fears of supply disruption from that region," says Patrick DeHaan, senior petroleum ', 'Egyptian  Officials: 7 Killed in Clashes Overnight Between Morsi Supporters and Police', 'Egyptian  officials: 7 killed in clashes overnight between Morsi supporters and police.', 'Using \'Hidden Hand\' Approach ": In the nearly two weeks since  Egypt \'s military seized power, President Obama has promoted a better he has not done is publicly address the violent upheaval in  Cairo . LINK MILITARY SEXUAL ASSAULT Politico\'s Darren Samuelsohn ', "sharp drops in U.S. crude and gasoline inventories, which suggest stronger demand. The military ouster in early July of  Egypt 's president has also added a premium to crude, reflecting the risk of supply disruption from political instability in a ", "returns to the Middle East this week as rising tensions in  Egypt  and deteriorating conditions in Syria threaten to overshadow will see Arab League officials to discuss developments in  Egypt  since the military's ouster of President Mohammed Morsi ", "sharp drops in U.S. crude and gasoline inventories, which suggest stronger demand. The military ouster in early July of  Egypt 's president has also added a premium to crude, reflecting the risk of supply disruption from political instability in a ", "held talks Monday with  Egypt 's interim leaders as American official since the  Egyptian  army ousted the country's State William Burns to  Cairo  comes nearly two weeks political developments in  Egypt  ... and ways to reinforce S. support for the  Egyptian  people and an inclusive ", "diplomat has held talks with  Egypt 's interim president and prime American official since the  Egyptian  military ousted the country's Burns Burns' meetings Monday in  Cairo  come nearly two weeks after two-day visit American support for  Egypt 's people and an inclusive ", "next month. Protest factions in the Gulf nation have called for large demonstrations Aug. 14 inspired by the toppling of  Egypt 's President Mohammed Morsi. Bahrain has been wracked by 29 months of near nonstop unrest as majority Shiites seek a greater ", 'pushed higher by drops in US crude inventories, a rise in US demand for gas with the summer driving season, and tensions in  Egypt . But few analysts expect oil to get much more expensive. US oil production is up more than 15 percent compared with a ', "the ouster of  Egyptian  President Mohamed touched down in  Cairo  to hold high-level talks with  Egypt 's military and support for the  Egyptian  people, an end officers' club in  Cairo , the Brotherhood Sunday night that  Egypt 's public prosecutor televised speech by  Egyptian  military chief ", 'Abdel-Fattah el-Sissi says the people wanted the Islamist leader removed as a deputy U.S. secretary of state headed to  Egypt  to meet with interim leaders. 5. REID WANTS TO CHANGE NOMINATION RULES Congress is talking today about having a simple ', 'they are guests in  Egypt  and they behave foreign policy, and  Cairo  is the official would not prevent  Egyptians  from traveling to the honeymoon in  Egypt  ultimately came you interfere in  Egypt , you will beaten All of a sudden,  Egyptians  started hating us pushed from office,  Egyptian  authorities implemented ', "sharp drops in U.S. crude and gasoline inventories, which suggest stronger demand. The military ouster in early July of  Egypt 's president has also added a premium to crude, reflecting supply disruption risks from political instability in a country ", 'Mercantile Exchange. The contract gained $1.04 to $105.95 in New York on Friday, driven higher by continuing tensions in  Egypt  and a sharp drop in U.S. crude stockpiles. The euro was little changed at $1.3068 from $1.3066 late Friday. The ', 'advised residents living near the  Egyptian  border to stay indoors because of fighting in the neighboring country.  Egyptian  security forces have been clashing officials say the fighting is an internal  Egyptian  matter, but they are keeping a close ', 'advised residents living near the  Egyptian  border to stay indoors because of fighting in the neighboring country.  Egyptian  security forces have been clashing officials say the fighting is an internal  Egyptian  matter, but they are keeping a close ']