['Steve Martin (Scribner) 5. "Lean In" by Sheryl Sandberg (Knopf Doubleday Publishing Group) 6. "Bossypants" by  Tina Fey  (Little, Brown) 7. "Unbreakable: My Story, My Way" by Jenni Rivera (Atria) 8. "A Thousand Days in Tuscany ', 'Lena Dunham, "Girls," HBO; Edie Falco, "Nurse Jackie," Showtime; Amy Poehler, "Parks and Recreation," NBC;  Tina Fey , "30 Rock," NBC; Julia Louis-Dreyfus, "Veep," HBO. Supporting Actor, Comedy Series: Adam Driver, "Girls ', 'Outstanding Comedy Series 30 Rock Girls Louie Modern Family The Big Bang Theory Veep Outstanding Lead Actress in a Comedy Series  Tina Fey , 30 Rock Lena Dunham, Girls Julia Louis-Dreyfus, Veep Laura Dern, Enlightened Edie Falco, Nurse Jackie Amy Poehler ', 'best traction for taking home the award. Lead Actress, Comedy Predicted Nominees: Julia Louis-Dreyfus, "Veep";  Tina Fey , "30 Rock"; Zooey Deschanel, "New Girl"; Lena Dunham, "Girls"; Amy Poehler, "Parks and Recreation"; Laura ', "Step Aside, Gwyneth Paltrow: Here's Who ABC News Commenters Nominated for 'Most Beautiful Woman'", 'feature stories and filed breaking news for both the magazine and People.com. Over her tenure she covered everything from  Tina Fey \'s life after "30 Rock" to the shenanigans of the cast of the "Jersey Shore" and what it is like inside Jessica Simpson\'s ', 'the past few years. Swift tells her fans to expect the unexpected when The RED Tour rolls into their town. RELATED:  Tina Fey , Amy Poehler Respond to Taylor Swift\'s \'Special Place in Hell\' Comment "I really like the element of surprise ', "life -- a topic mined for tabloid fodder and album lyrics alike -- had been the punchline to a joke Amy Poehler and  Tina Fey  made during the Golden Globes . Swift responded by paraphrasing TV host Katie Couric's paraphrasing of a comment once ", "Tina Fey , Amy Poehler Respond to Taylor Swift's 'Special Place in Hell' Comment", "As  Tina Fey  and Amy Poehler tell it, Taylor Swift just can't take a joke. The two funny, as it turns out, Swift was not laughing. READ: Amy Poehler and  Tina Fey 's Best Golden Globe Moments The seven-time Grammy winner made headlines ", 'women,\'" said Swift, quoting some advice from Katie Couric after this year\'s Golden Globes, when Amy Poehler and  Tina Fey  mocked Swift\'s highly publicized dating life. In fact, the way her writing has been twisted into something other than ', 'telecast that had William Shatner pleading from the future for  Tina Fey  and Amy Poehler to host next year\'s Oscars, Fey is saying that gig is so hard," Fey told the website. WATCH:  Tina Fey  and Amy Poehler\'s Best Golden Globe Moments "Especially ', 'Duties In a skit during Sunday\'s Oscars, William Shatner - who was beaming in from the "23rd century" - suggested that  Tina Fey  and Amy Poehler host the awards show next year. Fey said today though that the gig wasn\'t in her future. In an interview ', "self-made ultra high net worth individuals. Notable alumni include talk show host Katie Couric and comedian and writer  Tina Fey . 12. Boston University, Private Boston University's 491 wealthiest individuals are worth a combined $38 billion ", "nominees for lead actress in a comedy series are. Laura Dern and lights and Lena Dunham girls. Edie Falco nurse Jackie.  Tina Fey  30 Rock. Julia Louis-Dreyfus. The and Amy Poehler parks and restoration. Here this year's nominees for reality ", "Dern and lights and Lena Dunham -- girls. Edie Falco nurse Jackie. Tina Fey 30 Rock. Julia Louis-Dreyfus. The and Amy Poehler parks and restoration. Here this year's nominees for reality competition program. The Amazing Race. ", "Funny people saluting one of their own  Tina Fey  was on our last night in Washington with the nation's generation. The recipient of the 2010. Mark Twain prize  Tina Fey . Be a liar and an idiot if I didn't think Sarah Palin ", "Funny people saluting one of their own Tina Fey was on our last night in Washington with the nation's top prize for humor she didn't disappoint with a couple of really ", "-- and their generation. The recipient of the 2010. Mark Twain prize Tina Fey . Be a liar and an idiot if I didn't think Sarah Palin for helping get me here tonight's. My partial resemblance and ", "oscars. You remember captain kirk raising an idea about  tina fey  last sunday night. Why couldn't they just get tina and amy to host the show? Well, today,  tina fey  answered him, telling huffington post, quote, that gig ", "update from the oscars. You remember captain kirk raising an idea about tina fey last sunday night. Why couldn't they just get tina and amy to host the show? Well, today, tina fey answered him, telling huffington post, quote, that gig is so hard, especially for a woman. The amount of months that wou be ", 'the tabloids. But all that soul may come at a cost it all started at the Golden Globe awards when the queens of comedy  Tina Fey  and Amy Poehler. Teased us with about her love life you know what let you stay away from my budget cuts It. This week ', 'all started at the Golden Globe awards when the queens of comedy Tina Fey and Amy Poehler. Teased us with about her love life you know what -- let you stay away from my budget cuts ', 'Our "instant index" tonight begins with two surprises from the animal kingdom. 110 days until summer, and word today, we\'re going to need a bigger boat. Yep, that\'s a great white, a real life jaws, you see there, trolling the waters off long island here in new york today. It is 16 feet long, 3,500', 'Diane Sawyer reports on a few of the noteworthy people, pictures and quotes in the "Instant Index."', "The host of Golden Globes were. By many accounts the ninth biggest winners check out one of funniest moments. Everything they could not be here tonight because. He is no longer technically in show business. We want to assure you that we had no intention of being edge here it's because as we learn"]