['Like many moms,  Tiffani Thiessen  is juggling a lot. Not only is she starring in a hit TV show, but the former "Saved by the Bell" actress tells ABC News that ', "women embrace their curves. She recently told Larry King that she was launching her own plus-size clothing line. MORE:  Tiffani Thiessen  on Pressure to Stay Slim McCarthy's real-woman appeal has made her one of the most successful actresses in Hollywood ", 'and Dustin Diamond .  Tiffani Thiessen  Opens Up About Body Haskins have signed on.  Tiffani Thiessen  posted a parody video busy to participate.  Tiffani Thiessen /Kelly Kapowski  Tiffani - Amber Thiessen  (she later dropped ', 'Tiffani Thiessen  made a name for herself playing shirt and underwear. RELATED:  Tiffani Thiessen  and the \'Saved by the Bell\' Cast model type," she said . VIDEO:  Tiffani Thiessen  on New Show, New Company Thiessen ', 'P!nk (@Pink) December 18, 2012 Actress  Tiffani Amber Thiessen  of "Saved by the Bell" fame, also tweeted her my account due 2 their ridiculous new terms. -  Tiffani Thiessen  (@TAThiessen) December 18, 2012 But fashion ', '2003. She is the fifth cast member of "Saved by the Bell" to start a family. Mark-Paul Gosselaar (Zack Morris),  Tiffani Thiessen  (Kelly Kapowski), Lark Voorhies (Lisa Turtle) and Mario Lopez (A.C. Slater) have all become parents within the ', "Albright - Condoleeza Rice and Hillary Clinton. Famous Birthdays 1951 Chesley Sullenberger 1957 Caroline, Princess of Hanover 1964 Gail O'Grady 1974  Tiffani Thiessen  1989 April Pearson View more videos from This Month in History: January .", 'According to TMZ ,  Tiffani Thiessen  , who played perky cheerleader the rest of the gang.  Tiffani Thiessen /Kelly Kapowski  Tiffani - Amber Thiessen  (she later dropped principal, have signed on.  Tiffani Thiessen  posted a parody video ', 'after giving birth to her daughter,  Tiffani Thiessen  returned to work this week on the set and not fat," she wrote on Twitter.  Tiffani Thiessen /Valerie Malone:  Tiffani Thiessen  as Valerie Malone and now. After Doherty ', 'principal, have signed on.  Tiffani Thiessen  posted a parody video on the was too busy to participate.  Tiffani Thiessen /Kelly Kapowski  Tiffani Thiessen  as Kelly and now.  Tiffani - Amber Thiessen  (she later dropped the Amber ', 'Bundschen , Pamela Anderson , and "ER\'s" Noah Wyle\'s wife Tracy , have learned how to put mind over matter. Actress  Tiffani Thiessen  of television\'s "Saved By the Bell" and "90210" has also just announced she will prepare for a HypnoBirth. "We are ', 'this excerpt for ABCNews.com, he talks about fellow castmastes Zach Morris, aka "The Golden Child," and  Tiffani Amber Thiessen . "I\'ve heard lots of Hollywood hearsay in my day, but I can only vouch for what I saw with my own two eyes ', 'Actress  Tiffani Thiessen  discusses the stresses of weight in Hollywood and embracing her curves.']