['will also soon star in Hello, Suckers, a biopic about early 20th-century showbiz personality Mary Louise Cecilia " Texas "  Guinan ; Martin Scorsese will executive-produce. The actress recently filed a lawsuit against the ex-wife of her onetime ', 'will also soon star in Hello, Suckers, a biopic about early 20th-century showbiz personality Mary Louise Cecilia " Texas "  Guinan ; Martin Scorsese will executive-produce. The actress recently filed a lawsuit against the ex-wife of her onetime ', 'will also soon star in Hello, Suckers, a biopic about early 20th-century showbiz personality Mary Louise Cecilia " Texas "  Guinan ; Martin Scorsese will executive-produce. The actress recently filed a lawsuit against the ex-wife of her onetime ', 'will also soon star in Hello, Suckers, a biopic about early 20th-century showbiz personality Mary Louise Cecilia " Texas "  Guinan ; Martin Scorsese will executive-produce. The actress recently filed a lawsuit against the ex-wife of her onetime ', 'will also soon star in Hello, Suckers, a biopic about early 20th-century showbiz personality Mary Louise Cecilia " Texas "  Guinan ; Martin Scorsese will executive-produce. The actress recently filed a lawsuit against the ex-wife of her onetime ', 'will also soon star in Hello, Suckers, a biopic about early 20th-century showbiz personality Mary Louise Cecilia " Texas "  Guinan ; Martin Scorsese will executive-produce. The actress recently filed a lawsuit against the ex-wife of her onetime ', "star in Hello Suckers, a film about Hollywood legend  Texas Guinan , a turn-of-the-century showgirl who schemed her Hwang's adaptation of Louise Berliner's 1993 book,  Texas Guinan , Queen of the Night Clubs. Love herself made it to ", "star in Hello Suckers, a film about Hollywood legend  Texas Guinan , a turn-of-the-century showgirl who schemed her Hwang's adaptation of Louise Berliner's 1993 book,  Texas Guinan , Queen of the Night Clubs. Love herself made it to ", "star in Hello Suckers, a film about Hollywood legend  Texas Guinan , a turn-of-the-century showgirl who schemed her Hwang's adaptation of Louise Berliner's 1993 book,  Texas Guinan , Queen of the Night Clubs. Love herself made it to ", "star in Hello Suckers, a film about Hollywood legend  Texas Guinan , a turn-of-the-century showgirl who schemed her Hwang's adaptation of Louise Berliner's 1993 book,  Texas Guinan , Queen of the Night Clubs. Love herself made it to ", "star in Hello Suckers, a film about Hollywood legend  Texas Guinan , a turn-of-the-century showgirl who schemed her Hwang's adaptation of Louise Berliner's 1993 book,  Texas Guinan , Queen of the Night Clubs. Love herself made it to ", "star in Hello Suckers, a film about Hollywood legend  Texas Guinan , a turn-of-the-century showgirl who schemed her Hwang's adaptation of Louise Berliner's 1993 book,  Texas Guinan , Queen of the Night Clubs. Love herself made it to ", "star in Hello Suckers, a film about Hollywood legend  Texas Guinan , a turn-of-the-century showgirl who schemed her Hwang's adaptation of Louise Berliner's 1993 book,  Texas Guinan , Queen of the Night Clubs. Love herself made it to "]