["And now from listeria lane to the world wide web  Teri Hatcher  is a hot ticket she's a great friend of our show and was beyond glamorous helping to south. With our Oscar coverage earlier ", "And now from listeria lane to the world wide web Teri Hatcher is a hot ticket she's a great friend of our show and was beyond glamorous helping to south. With our Oscar coverage ", "Time for you right now and you still packing to do. Lots unpacking. Terry Hatcher played mom Dakota Fanning title role in line in the film the adventurous little girl discovers adored her house. It's really an entryway to an alternate version of her life. Or Hatcher a different voice for this", 'The \'Desperate Housewife\' will voice two roles in the animated film, "Coraline."', "The title role in the stop action animation film and  Teri Hatcher  plays both of real mother and the other scary You wouldn't It's so create this kind of ask you know how to work  Teri Hatcher  and get action film and think. Well having great show ", "-- plays. The title role in the stop action animation film and Teri Hatcher plays both of real mother and the other scary -- You wouldn't you know -- you deliberation. You didn't see your I ", "create this kind of ask you know how to work -- -- Teri Hatcher and get action film and think. Well having great show. -- because it did because it's an animated in the and that ", "down when she's lovely and injured on the it guys it's like not this is there is not. this is. The thing that's  Teri Hatcher  is eyebrows and Marcia try and imagine a lot of in there seems 57 girlfriends that. So so you can park yeah it also ", "not this is there is not. -- this is. The thing that's Teri Hatcher is eyebrows and Marcia -- try and imagine a lot of -- in there seems 57 girlfriends that. So so you can ", "alphabetically. They're regularly $20, less than have. 10 bucks. Okay. These have been seen on julia robert,  teri hatcher . I'm wearing one here. So fabulous, brass and leather. Slash these in half, $45. I love this. Feel this and ", "than have. 10 bucks. Okay. These have been seen on julia robert, teri hatcher . I'm wearing one here. So fabulous, brass and leather. Slash these in half, $45. I love this. Feel this and smell this. ", "they're all sitting pretty and just little surprise to that much Tina. Hey Lindsay you can pay me a little bit more but  Teri Hatcher  the knicks are back and show debuted but He though because used to the new face you played the sexy character and all ", 'Lindsay you can pay me a little bit more but -- -- Teri Hatcher -- the knicks are back and show debuted but He though because used to the new face you played the sexy character ', 'Desperate Housewives is back in Golden Globe Award winning actress  Teri Hatcher  is here to tells all about the twists and coming up you look. Fantastic sound minds really thank you well the premiere last Sunday ', 'Desperate Housewives is back in Golden Globe Award winning actress Teri Hatcher is here to tells all about the twists and -- coming up you look. Fantastic sound minds really -- thank you well ', "settle down until. I think we have brown definitely an icon down into I just isn't really from Cleveland's is that  Teri Hatcher  value carried. Any address how are very cute cute. Only. Effectively put question clearly as many games sports teams ", "icon down into -- I just isn't really from Cleveland's is that Teri Hatcher -- -- value carried. Any address how are very cute cute. Only. Effectively put -- question clearly -- as many games sports ", 'speculating about who done what to themselves. From  Teri Hatcher  and Patricia Heaton to Melanie Griffith and Denise Richards to. It may help that more stars are coming out like  Teri Hatcher . Fresh out of the pages of the latest gossip for a ', "or at least speculating about who -- done what to themselves. From Teri Hatcher and Patricia Heaton to Melanie Griffith and Denise Richards. Some of actually come out to defend themselves against reports of surgery. It's ", 'herself to. It may help that more stars are coming out like Teri Hatcher . Fresh out of the pages of the latest gossip -- for a different reason this time. She put out pictures of herself ', "needs to get myself comic book add to this Come on anything that trained for that there. You know it's interesting  Teri Hatcher  I was listen to her talk on Good Morning America and she was saying that. She did a triathlon and that she likened ", "on anything that -- trained for that there. You know it's interesting Teri Hatcher I was listen to her talk on Good Morning America and she was saying that. She did a triathlon and that she ", "experience that to come to expect from the asking. And diner S five is available now for download. Finally actress  Teri Hatcher  is launching a new website called guide to life the site says it celebrates women and offers answers to life's big ", "And diner -- S five is available now for download. Finally actress Teri Hatcher is launching a new website called -- -- guide to life the site says it celebrates women and offers answers to life's ", "it. They did do this for you mean you didn't. Think I got a really interesting notes and flowers. On Sunday from  Teri Hatcher  as a matter of fact to me. I don't even know her and she was just talking about how much she was touched by the relationship ", "Think I got a really interesting notes and flowers. On Sunday from Teri Hatcher as a matter of fact to me. I don't even know her and she was just talking about how much she was ", "what we can find B. Behind their closed end unlocked doors. Okay this is inside Susan's house of course played by  Teri Hatcher  looks right but we wanna see how real these houses are for instance. Look people know Number one. let's check out ", "unlocked doors. Okay this is inside Susan's house of course played by Teri Hatcher looks -- right but we wanna see how real these houses are for instance. Look people know -- Number one. -- let's ", 'What was it like to the heavy. Yeah it was fun because you know rob Moore has great sort of on definable equality  Teri Hatcher  has it too where users instantly pull for them. On so so there was a real trap for for me in that and so that the challenge ', 'you know rob Moore has -- great sort of on definable equality Teri Hatcher has it too where users instantly pull for them. On -- -- so so there was a real trap for for me ', "her numbers eight very day. OK yeah next analysts that totally blew my mind yeah I know biggest surprise amber fort  Teri Hatcher  not AKA Paris carver. Yes she. Of course she's the oldest on the list she's 42 but still very hot on Desperate ", "totally blew my mind yeah I know biggest surprise -- amber fort Teri Hatcher not AKA Paris carver. Yes she. Of course she's the oldest on the list she's 42 but still very hot on Desperate ", "opportunities merchandise around. And so we're also talking about clothing I guess so if a pair of jeans and I aside  Teri Hatcher  wearing Desperate Housewives tonight by those genes of course there's no And you can that products directly from your ", "guess so if -- -- a pair of jeans and I aside Teri Hatcher wearing Desperate Housewives tonight by those genes of course there's no -- And you can -- that products directly from your web "]