['8 billion lower than last year. The bill would gut climate change and clean technology efforts and ends payments to some U.N. and international agencies. Aid would be conditional for Afghanistan,  Egypt , Pakistan and the Palestinians.', "Egypt 's Interior Ministry says suspected militants seriously wounded two in an attack in the  Sinai Peninsula . The ministry said in a statement on last August of an attack that killed 16  Egyptian  soldiers. Militants were also blamed ", "Egypt 's Interior Ministry says suspected militants seriously wounded two in an attack in the  Sinai Peninsula . The ministry said in a statement on last August of an attack that killed 16  Egyptian  soldiers. Militants were also blamed ", "The head of  Egypt 's military, Gen between el-Sissi and  Egypt 's first freely elected political reins in  Egypt . When an activist militants in the  Sinai Peninsula , ordering el-Sissi jihadis who had killed  Egyptian  soldiers and were ", 'in two areas of  Cairo  since shortly ouster and return  Egypt  back on the road majority, but many  Egyptians  accused him of Hosni Mubarak,  Egypt  has been split into led by secular  Egyptians , liberals, Christians William Burns was in  Cairo  on Monday to meet committed to helping  Egypt  succeed in its ', "talks and on American views of the crises and Syria and  Egypt . On his sixth trip to the region in as many months as America's government there, as well as Washington's position on  Egypt 's political turmoil. The gathering came a day after Kerry ", "way to Libya. In 1996, artillery rockets and Scud missile components were reportedly found in Switzerland and bound for  Egypt . MYANMAR Washington says one of the contracts between Myanmar's former ruling junta and North Korea was for Pyongyang ", 'the conflict." About 1.8 million Syrian refugees are registered with the UNHCR in Lebanon, Jordan, Turkey, Iraq and  Egypt , and two-thirds of them have arrived since the beginning of this year. The real numbers, however, are likely much ', "way to Libya. In 1996, artillery rockets and Scud missile components were reportedly found in Switzerland and bound for  Egypt . MYANMAR Washington says one of the contracts between Myanmar's former ruling junta and North Korea was for Pyongyang ", 'controls last year after social networking and other websites played a key role in protests that brought down governments in  Egypt  and Tunisia. Also last year, regulators tightened controls on video, requiring providers to prescreen all material before ', "Egyptian  intelligence officials say a civilian attack on a military outpost in the  Sinai Peninsula  near  Egypt 's border with the Palestinian-ruled wounded a 50 year-old woman in the  Egyptian  city of Rafah. Two military officers ", "roadways near  Cairo 's central Ramses Square.  Egyptian  prosecutors television,  Egypt 's interim Friday. But  Egypt 's military facilities... the  Egyptian  forces have created to kill  Egyptians  or to be killed two-day visit to  Cairo , who urged to discuss  Egypt 's transition ", "number of positions in the  Egyptian  Central Bank, other state career diplomat, he was  Egypt 's ambassador to the American University in  Cairo . As a diplomat, Fahmy also director of the  Egyptian  Center for Economic Studies fall, he is a member of  Egypt 's oldest opposition ", "sharp drops in U.S. crude and gasoline inventories, which suggest stronger demand. The military ouster in early July of  Egypt 's president has also added a premium to crude, reflecting the risk of supply disruptions from political instability in a "]