['President Bush. The controversial director is reportedly in final negotiations with "Mission Impossible II" star  Thandie Newton  to play Condoleeza Rice in his upcoming "W," which starts filming this month. And "Fantastic Four" star Ioan ', 'swagger. He also "overplayed the faith card." Richard Dreyfuss as "vice" (Dick Cheney) was "spot on," though  Thandie Newton  as Condoleezza Rice was "unflattering" as a "yes woman," according to McClellan. Jeffrey Wright did a good job ', "who pals around with another small-time hood played by Jeremy Piven. Uri's glamorous accountant, Stella ( Thandie Newton ), transfers the deal money, but things go awry, thanks to a pair of petty crooks (Gerard Butler and Idris Elba ", 'Banks as Laura Bush, Richard Dreyfuss as Vice President Cheney, Jeffrey Wright as Secretary of State Colin Powell,  Thandie Newton  as Condoleezza Rice and James Cromwell as George H.W. Bush. Stone, an outspoken liberal, Vietnam War veteran ', 'with "RocknRolla", due in theaters on Halloween. It\'s the first in a planned trilogy with a cast that includes  Thandie Newton , who plays a crooked accountant. Ritchie isn\'t known for his powerful female roles, something that wasn\'t lost ', 'play "American Gangster," then Tichina Arnold,  Thandie Newton , Victoria Rowell, Angela Bassett, Jada Pinkett-Smith makeup, first appeared. Caramel-colored actress  Thandie Newton  told Britain\'s The Sun, after seeing photos from ', 'wish for her to be happy and serene, and it makes me want to do everything I can to be happy and serene." Actress  Thandie Newton , 35 Daughters Ripley, 7, and Nico, 3 "I\'ve learned the value of stripping it down to the basics: love, respect ', 'script pits Dennis against Whit (Hank Azaria), as the love handle-bearer tries to win back his ex, played by  Thandie Newton . "Friends" star and perpetual pouter David Schwimmer steps behind the camera as a freshman feature film director ', 'of Gardner\'s worst days. Will Smith stars as Gardner with his real-life son Jaden, then 9 years old. Actress  Thandie Newton  plays the wife who leaves Gardner when he takes over guardianship of their son. After Brown\'s "20/20" report ', 'who\'s pulling his life together. Some say Smith might earn his second Oscar nominations for this performance.  Thandie Newton  plays Smith\'s clinically depressed ex-wife. "Charlotte\'s Web" -- Why compete with an animated classic ', "succeeds. Even though Mark Wahlberg wears a hat, we still recognize him and are reminded every minute not who he and  Thandie Newton  are, but who they aren't Cary Grant and Audrey Hepburn, who starred in the original. Demme does something I've ", "succeeds. Even though Mark Wahlberg wears a hat, we still recognize him and are reminded every minute not who he and  Thandie Newton  are, but who they aren't Cary Grant and Audrey Hepburn, who starred in the original. Demme does something I've ", "which starred Cary Grant and Audrey Hepburn. Taking over for the lovely Audrey will be Mission: Impossible 2's  Thandie Newton  in the role of a woman who is pursued by four strangers after her husband is murdered. Director Jonathan Demme "]