["An  Egyptian  security official says an army bus has crashed into a truck on the country's was not authorized to speak to the press. Road accidents are common in  Egypt  due to badly maintained roads and poor enforcement of traffic laws. According ", "An  Egyptian  security official says an army bus has crashed into a truck on the country's was not authorized to speak to the press. Road accidents are common in  Egypt  due to badly maintained roads and poor enforcement of traffic laws. According ", "An  Egyptian  security official says an army bus has crashed into a truck on the country's was not authorized to speak to the press. Road accidents are common in  Egypt  due to badly maintained roads and poor enforcement of traffic laws. According ", "An  Egyptian  security official says an army bus has crashed into a truck on the country's was not authorized to speak to the press. Road accidents are common in  Egypt  due to badly maintained roads and poor enforcement of traffic laws. According ", 'Foreign Ministry officials did not respond Saturday to questions about the discrepancy in the version of events. Seldon Lady faces prison in Italy after being convicted in absentia in the 2003 abduction of an  Egyptian  terrorism suspect.', "S. assistance to a strife-riven  Egypt  have exposed deep divisions in Congress East. The ouster of Mohammed Morsi,  Egypt 's first freely elected president efforts to cut off funds for Syria and  Egypt  were expected to be put to a vote on ", 'election, says CID officers interviewed Owalo on Monday for allegations, among others, that he is plotting to initiate "an  Egyptian -style uprising." Ndubi said Tuesday the allegations are baseless and it is worrying how the police are allowing themselves ', "SAYS MORSI 'KIDNAPPED' BY MILITARY Four people died in the latest protests between supporters and opponents of the ousted  Egyptian  leader, who has been out of sight for nearly three weeks. 7. KOREA'S ROCKET RACE The AP's Foster Klug reports an eight-month ", 'violated the War Powers Resolution. Another amendment would prohibit money to fund military or paramilitary operations in  Egypt . Republicans and Democrats argued that Congress should have a say in what amounted to taking sides in a sectarian war ', 'treason. He was convicted and condemned to death, but the sentence was commuted. In 1951, Petain died in prison. In 1952,  Egyptian  military officers led by Gamal Abdel Nasser launched a successful coup against King Farouk I. In 1967, a week of deadly race-related ', "Southwest Airlines jet touches down and several people on board are injured. 5. MORSI REMAINS INCOMMUNICADO The fate of  Egypt 's former leader, still held without charge, has become a focus of the political battle between his Muslim Brotherhood ", 'Washington, which is why I\'m going to need your help." A series of foreign policy crises, like the Syrian civil war and  Egyptian  coup, have also competed for the White House\'s attention. So have a flurry of recent controversies, including the Internal ', 'refinery glitches in parts of the country. Recent turmoil in  Egypt , which has spooked the market and increased prices, is increased to more than $100 a barrel, he said. While  Egypt  is not an oil-producing country, its territory, which ', "anti-Morsi line.  Egyptian  human rights Osama, told a  Cairo  news conference priorities for  Egypt 's new leadership conflict in  Egypt . Prosecutors of dozens of  Egyptians  in street riots director of the  Egyptian  Initiative every day in  Cairo  in addition investigation. In the  Sinai Peninsula , suspected ", 'beer, wine and distilled spirits in Islamic countries from  Egypt  to Indonesia. The colorful characters and fascinating situations placing heavy taxes and restrictions on alcohol. Moving on to  Cairo , he revisits his favorite bar during riots in Tahrir Square ', 'cents in the past week alone. AAA says drivers are experiencing "sticker shock" as increased summer demand, unrest in  Egypt  and production disruptions in the U.S. and other countries push up the price of crude oil and gasoline. The national ', "Security officials say militants in  Egypt 's northern  Sinai Peninsula  have launched a coordinated attack on three locations lawless desert peninsula. A police camp in the  Egyptian  border city of Rafah also came under attack by ", 'say they have thwarted an attempt by  Egypt -based hackers to bring down UAE government of the military-led authorities in  Egypt  since Morsi was toppled earlier this of the alleged hackers were given to  Egyptian  officials.', 'the king who built it. Last week, for instance, archaeologists in Israel found pieces of a sphinx bearing the name of the  Egyptian  pharaoh who reigned when the statue was carved. Garfinkel insisted that critics like Finkelstein are relying on outdated theories ', 'A bus carrying  Egyptian  soldiers crashed into a truck place on the highway between  Cairo  and the port city of Alexandria military base in northwestern  Egypt  for a vacation to join their Road accidents are common in  Egypt  due to badly maintained roads ']