['pay the fine and ignore it. A lot of people on the left were unhappy. Why are we setting employers off the hook? As  mark twain  said with the death of obamacare is greatly exaggerated. Look, 96% of businesses with 50 or more employees already ', 'left were unhappy. Why are we setting employers off the hook? As mark twain said with the death of obamacare is greatly exaggerated. Look, 96% of businesses with 50 or more employees already provide health insurance. ', "is the oldest known photograph of  Mark Twain  he's fifteen. The young printers Authorized censored autobiography. Of  Mark Twain . In here there's photos of the Angels Camp now preparing for the  Mark Twain  mother festival. Featuring the scholars ", "This is the oldest known photograph of Mark Twain he's fifteen. The young printers apprentice would grow to become the father of American literature doesn't have a lot of white -- yet. He's into his white suits and the place where his stories of jumping frogs catapulted him to fame is now in the international spotlight. This is incredible for this area and here's the reason why this is the first public copy of the complete. Authorized -- censored autobiography. Of Mark Twain . In here there's photos of the pages. His comments is edits 737. Pages compiled from writings -- -- of the master of American letters whose views on imperialism the president. Friends enemies an autobiography. Suppressed for 100 years at twain's request he didn't want to embarrass people he would -- -- his family. But he wanted to tell the truth. A free flow of ideas and family as he wrote of his daughter Susie when -- was thirteen with a slender little -- with late details of copper tinged brown hair down her back. Angels Camp now preparing for the Mark Twain mother -- festival. Featuring the scholars and editors who worked years on the project and if anyone wants to know anything about Mark Twain you'll have the best. Panel of the world to ask those questions a milestone event for this small Sierra town. Really it's ", "It's all the folks that has blessed me with with words of wisdom you know in the best way it's like when  Mark Twain  have  Tom Sawyer . Going to his own funeral he'll look back and you see what kind of impact He had let's face it. Yours ", "words of wisdom you know in the best way it's like when Mark Twain have Tom Sawyer . Going to his own funeral he'll look back and you see what kind of impact He had let's face it. Yours was ", 'through this congress? Well, if you put it that way, jonathan, maybe I should just pack up and go home. Golly, as  mark twain  said, you know, rumors of my demise may be a little exaggerated at this point. Reporter: The problem, he said ', 'jonathan, maybe I should just pack up and go home. Golly, as mark twain said, you know, rumors of my demise may be a little exaggerated at this point. Reporter: The problem, he said, is with ', "Gliding along justice have since  mark twain 's earliest memories. On this times. This is the stuff you know  Tom Sawyer Mark Twain  has written about and here we are this same night. Of steamboat life  Twain  wrote it is all us training pool ", "The delta queen graceful as ever. Gliding along justice -- have since mark twain's earliest memories. On this voyage -- her majesty is tinged with melancholy. The last of the great stern wheelers is steaming toward ", 'Corrigan have come back 22 times. This is the stuff you know Tom Sawyer Mark Twain has written about and here we are in the 21 century. Living this same night. Of steamboat life Twain wrote it is all us training pool and propose fullest dreamland. Nothing to hang -- or worry upon but now the delta ', 'he brought his skills to the occasional guest spot into animated projects. In 1999 he was awarded the  mark twain prize for american humor , a fitting tribute for a comedy legend. He died in montecito, california, friday, he was 87 years old ', 'occasional guest spot into animated projects. In 1999 he was awarded the mark twain prize for american humor a fitting tribute for a comedy legend. He died in montecito, california, friday, he was 87 years old. Such a funny man. ', "ellen DeGeneres awarded the  mark twain prize for american humor . A kind of academy award for comedians. The  mark twain  prize is an absolute honor and to end by sharing my favorite  mark twain  quote. Don't you worry your ", 'And our happy person in the NEWS TODAY, ellen DeGeneres awarded the mark twain prize for american humor A kind of academy award for comedians. The mark twain prize is an absolute honor and I would like to end by sharing my favorite mark twain quote. Don\'t you worry your pretty little mind, people throw rocks at things that shine and life makes love look hard. "That ', 'World News 10/23: Mitt Romney, Barack Obama Hit Background States Following Debate', 'person in the news today Ellen DeGeneres awarded the  Mark Twain prize for American humor  kind of Academy Award for comedian.  Mark Twain  prize is an absolute honor and I would like to ', "And are happy person in the news today Ellen DeGeneres awarded the Mark Twain prize for American humor kind of Academy Award for comedian. -- Mark Twain prize is an absolute honor and I would like to end by sharing my favorite part plain clothes don't you worry your ", "outstanding talk show episode. If you can believe that there is more she's going to be presented with the fifteenth annual.  Mark Twain  prize for humor. This coming October. she's come from her show that would amazing. It's absolutely and a New Orleans ", "there is more she's going to be presented with the fifteenth annual. Mark Twain prize for -- -- humor. This coming October. -- -- she's come from her show that would amazing. It's absolutely and a ", "Writing an elephant is on your bucket list or you're looking to channel your inner  Huckleberry Finn  cracking down Exotic markets your water and ancient Asian architecture inspires you. Try heading up to the mountains in northern ", "is on your bucket list or you're looking to channel your inner Huckleberry Finn cracking down -- Exotic markets -- your -- water and ancient Asian architecture inspires you. Try heading up to the mountains in ", "order one of the greats about it take pairs of impairment. If you meet people Europe body at many questions about this  Mark Twain  the first being who Eight people is much you're national treasure. I'm not done my speech. On Saturday Night Live ", "If you meet people -- Europe body at many questions about this Mark Twain the first being who -- Eight people -- is much you're -- national treasure. I'm not done my speech. On Saturday Night ", "problems that you one reason not to argue with the full of people who are watching won't of would I think it might be  Mark Twain  and it never argue because onlookers may not be able to tell the difference. And that's right and you know there's ", "are watching won't -- of -- would I think it might be Mark Twain and it never argue -- -- because onlookers may not be able to tell the difference. And that's right and you know ", 'offensively talented guys scale to kind of musical Mount Everest that is if you like banjo and blue grass as I do what  Mark Twain  called the glory beaming music. Then you appreciate how Steve Martin shows everyone what can happen in life when you ', 'is if you like banjo and blue grass as I do what Mark Twain called the glory beaming music. Then you appreciate how Steve Martin shows everyone what can happen in life when you concentrate on ', "there and also we want to our congratulations to Will Ferrell He was honored at the Kennedy Center with the  Mark Twain prize for American humor . She joked He joins the likes of funny folks like let's if Bill Cosby Steve Martin Whoopi Goldberg ", "to Will Ferrell He was honored at the Kennedy Center with the Mark Twain prize for American humor She joked He joins the likes of funny folks like let's -- if -- Bill Cosby Steve Martin Whoopi Goldberg. Our congratulations ", "Sunday night in DC. Potter my fellow funnyman including Conan O'Brien and his former husband have made TC He drops the  Mark Twain  award holding me her best. Hot He said He jokingly. Refused the thirteen times before but decided to accepted this ", 'and his former husband -- have made TC -- He drops the Mark Twain award holding me -- her best. Hot He said He jokingly. Refused the -- thirteen times -- before but decided to accepted ', "about that Shakespeare also fraught. some distinguished company. Famous people said Shakespeare was a fraud include  Mark Twain  Sigmund Freud and three Supreme Court justices. But they were not scholars who've spent a lifetime exploring the evidence ", "some distinguished company. Famous people -- said Shakespeare was a fraud include Mark Twain Sigmund Freud and three Supreme Court justices. But they were not scholars who've spent a lifetime exploring the evidence professor James Shapiro ", "member legislature would be in jail so I'd put the ethics of Austin. of the ethics in Washington DC. Cool wants with  Mark Twain  who said congressman is in recess the Republicans say.", 'of Austin. -- of the ethics in Washington DC. Cool wants with Mark Twain who said congressman is in recess the Republicans say. ', "Santorum on the roof of his car. Could say the big day for politics and comedy. It's a big day for us it's like  Mark Twain  said Super Tuesday is the funniest day ever.", "for politics and comedy. It's a big day for us it's like Mark Twain said Super Tuesday is the funniest day ever. ", "do you happen. I asked her. Outlook may not entirely. Allen great great day for her she picked up the  Mark Twain prize for American humor . They're only fifty other comic superstars that are on this list Richard Pryor Whoopi Goldberg says she's ", "Allen -- -- great great day for her she picked up the Mark Twain prize for American humor They're only fifty other comic superstars that are on this list Richard Pryor Whoopi Goldberg says she's joining some of the best. "]