["of pop culture. Mason, number 2, is the name of Kourtney Kardashian's son and Liam, number 6, is the name of  Tori Spelling 's son. But this year there's also a bit of tradition. Elizabeth, a departure from the trend towards unique names ", 'Torispelling.com After revealing her harrowing ordeal with her last pregnancy,  Tori Spelling  is now sharing her precious first moments with baby Finn. Spelling posted a video of the Aug. 30 arrival of her newborn son ', 'Actress  Tori Spelling  has vehemently denied a tabloid magazine\'s children growing up in." RELATED:  Tori Spelling  Reveals Pregnancy Complications, Health the headline wasn\'t true. WATCH:  Tori Spelling  on Being a \'Normal Mom\' "Driving ', 'books, a reality show and four kids, it seems that  Tori Spelling  can perhaps do it all. But even Spelling can get into having twins at home. It\'s overwhelming." RELATED:  Tori Spelling  Reveals Pregnancy Complications, Health Crisis', 'resolution is to put my cell phone down more and play with my kids as much as possible," said the actress-mom of three.  Tori Spelling  Spelling, the actress and mother of four, listed her resolutions on her website . They include getting back into ', 'Vacation," as well as old and new TV movies and specials. In the original ABC Family musical "The Mistle-Tones,"  Tori Spelling  and "Sister,Sister" star Tia Mowry play rival Christmas singing group leaders who face-off on Christmas Eve ', 'Tori Spelling  has played the good girl on "Beverly Hills 90210? and is starring as Margaret, 14 months - all with her husband, actor Dean McDermott. WATCH:  Tori Spelling  on Being a \'Normal Mom\' The hospitalization and bed rest - she was ', "Image credit: Us Weekly  Tori Spelling  gave birth to Finn Davey McDermott reports in its new issue. WATCH:  Tori Spelling  on Being a 'Normal Mom' Spelling her life. Read more: Pregnant  Tori Spelling  Defends Pregnant Bikini Pic ", 'Paul Archuleta/FilmMagic/Getty images  Tori Spelling  is recovering after undergoing emergency surgery over is resting comfortably." RELATED: It\'s a Boy for  Tori Spelling  Spelling gave birth to her fourth child, Finn Davey ', 'the summer when she announced that she would breastfeed Ever, now 20 months, until he was ready to stop.  Tori Spelling Tori Spelling  and her husband, Dean McDermott , stars of their own reality show, "Home Sweet Hollywood," have never been ', 'Click through to read about other star moms and some of their eyebrow-raising child-rearing practices.  Tori Spelling Tori Spelling  and her husband, Dean McDermott , stars of their own reality show, "Home Sweet Hollywood," have never been ', 'a boy and baby number four for  Tori Spelling  and husband Dean McDermott. The California on Thursday. WATCH:  Tori Spelling  on Being a \'Normal Mom\' "We months. READ MORE: Pregnant  Tori Spelling  Defends Bikini Pic McDermott ', '2008 with a whole new cast of teens taking over Beverly Hills on the CW\'s "90210." Former cast members Garth,  Tori Spelling , Joe E. Tata and Shannon Doherty have all made an appearance on the show, which is still on the air. Colin Farrell\'s ', "doesn't care about the fashion. She's really concerned about getting to business. Reporter: We bump into actress  tori spelling , whose purse holding tells us she had some other places to be. And based on my bag, can you tell what kind of mood ", "She's really concerned about getting to business. Reporter: We bump into actress tori spelling , whose purse holding tells us she had some other places to be. And based on my bag, can you tell what kind ", "Since confiscated and at least with a story about actress  Tori Spelling  and okay so she's pregnant. To their record third child is cumulative Horrible little kids anyway she was on her way to an abortion ", "Since confiscated and at least with a story about actress Tori Spelling and -- okay so she's pregnant. To their -- record third child is cumulative -- Horrible little kids anyway she was on ", 'Okay this is weird  Tori Spelling  had a yard sale this past weekend and a whole brouhaha for her VH one reality shows Atari. Yeah school a pair girl roller skates ', 'Okay this is weird Tori Spelling had a yard sale this past weekend and -- a whole brouhaha for her VH one reality shows -- Atari. Yeah school ', 'morning.  Tori spelling , opening up about a life-threatening angeles. Hi, see celia. RepMORNING.  Tori spelling  says she can relate to her difficulties get drunk. Reporter: These days,  tori spelling  is all grown up. Still living life ', "morning. Tori spelling , opening up about a life-threatening pregnancy scare, with her youngest son, finn. And how it helped her to make her a better mother. Cecilia vega spoke with her and joins us now from los angeles. Hi, see celia. RepMORNING. Tori spelling says she can relate to her difficulties right now. But for tori, the difficulty, the danger and toll it took on her body, she says baby number four is probably her last. I didn't plan to get drunk. Reporter: These days, tori spelling is all grown up. Still living life in front of the camera. But a this time, as a wife and a mom. ", 'We have one new  tori spelling  baby. We\'re down now, one cast of "jersey shore." Joining contributor. Please welcome david kaplan and katrina szish. Mazel tov to  tori spelling  and her husband. Number four. Finn davey. This is ten months ', 'We have one new tori spelling baby. We\'re down now, one cast of "jersey shore." Joining us, he is the fun toer of gossip david.Com, she is an entertainment contributor. Please welcome david kaplan and katrina szish. Mazel tov to tori spelling and her husband. Number four. Finn davey. This is ten months after hattie. Ten months? You do the math. She tweeted the ', "In the summer of 2012.  Tori Spelling  gave birth to her fourth child and now she's sharing the moment she been dating McDermott for the first time. Victoria pulls ", "In the summer of 2012. Tori Spelling gave birth to her fourth child and now she's sharing the moment she -- been dating McDermott for the first time. Victoria ", 'Actress fires back against suggestions that her marriage to Dean McDermott is in trouble.']