['Aaron Paul and Neil Patrick Harris anounce the nominations for the 2013 primetime emmy awards.', "Funny people saluting one of their own  Tina Fey  was on our last night in Washington with the nation's generation. The recipient of the 2010. Mark Twain prize  Tina Fey . Be a liar and an idiot if I didn't think Sarah Palin ", "Funny people saluting one of their own Tina Fey was on our last night in Washington with the nation's top prize for humor she didn't disappoint with a couple of really ", "-- and their generation. The recipient of the 2010. Mark Twain prize Tina Fey . Be a liar and an idiot if I didn't think Sarah Palin for helping get me here tonight's. My partial resemblance and ", "oscars. You remember captain kirk raising an idea about  tina fey  last sunday night. Why couldn't they just get tina and amy to host the show? Well, today,  tina fey  answered him, telling huffington post, quote, that gig ", "update from the oscars. You remember captain kirk raising an idea about tina fey last sunday night. Why couldn't they just get tina and amy to host the show? Well, today, tina fey answered him, telling huffington post, quote, that gig is so hard, especially for a woman. The amount of months that wou be ", 'the tabloids. But all that soul may come at a cost it all started at the Golden Globe awards when the queens of comedy  Tina Fey  and Amy Poehler. Teased us with about her love life you know what let you stay away from my budget cuts It. This week ', 'all started at the Golden Globe awards when the queens of comedy Tina Fey and Amy Poehler. Teased us with about her love life you know what -- let you stay away from my budget cuts ', 'Our "instant index" tonight begins with two surprises from the animal kingdom. 110 days until summer, and word today, we\'re going to need a bigger boat. Yep, that\'s a great white, a real life jaws, you see there, trolling the waters off long island here in new york today. It is 16 feet long, 3,500', 'Diane Sawyer reports on a few of the noteworthy people, pictures and quotes in the "Instant Index."', "The host of Golden Globes were. By many accounts the ninth biggest winners check out one of funniest moments. Everything they could not be here tonight because. He is no longer technically in show business. We want to assure you that we had no intention of being edge here it's because as we learn", 'pregnant later in life are a little out of date and misunderstood. I want a baby now. I\'m 37. Reporter: Just like  tina fey \'s character in "baby momma," many women wait too long to get pregnant. But jean asks, what\'s the rush? The period ', 'and misunderstood. I want a baby now. I\'m 37. Reporter: Just like tina fey\'s character in "baby momma," many women wait too long to get pregnant. But jean asks, what\'s the rush? The period between 35 ', 'coming soundtrack NBC show 30 included Tina if they do wet with Christopher Cross called lemons they take a lesson.', "saying we we know her right now we have breaking baby news she's going to be a mother again the it is exciting announced yesterday on Oprah that it was taped yesterday. On the Oprah Winfrey Show that will air sometime we assumed it 30 Rock stars said that she is expecting her. Second child five", "What's money go back to Saturday nights and nights are always thought I like Tina Fay was the host and did she that thing. Is it Tina feigned death isn't terrible I'm not paying You know ever since I won the silver medal and last year's vice presidential election. It just seemed like the next", "Tina reprise her famous impression. Of Sarah Palin. Do you say gotcha journalism won't get ready for hey journalist I got yeah. So Katie what newspapers do you read. questioned the eighty. Better luck next time. Yeah yeah. Little editing on the fake Sarah Palin network courtesy of Saturday night", "I didn't know when he personally but I think. I think I think they're there are many similarities. Between them in the sense that it's very brave. And it was sort of humorous take their generation when I like about her she's she's just she will try anything from the work. Any way. Possible New", "Now my mama grizzly in no way and then. Cleveland 10 Washington and that and then up let your picnic table and. Tina dusting off first Sarah Palin impression after the GOP's big night isn't that electoral earthquake just one of the topics. today's morning makes turning around the table today the", "Isn't that that also doesn't make sense to me will  Tina Fey . Go to Saturday Night Live tomorrow. And play Sarah Palin as she has asked. If not He has that might look so they do look they ", "Isn't that that also doesn't make sense to me will Tina Fey . Go to Saturday Night Live tomorrow. And play Sarah Palin as she has asked. If not He has that might look so ", 'This year one of the must think this Tebow and comedy just happened to look Clark one of the most famous people and politics. And even with passes on to say never shortcomings. This happens to film stock When Sarah Palin became vice presidential candidate and now I like to entertain everybody with', 'wrestler. Now on the TV side 30 Rock won for best comedy series with the acting awards going to stars Alec Baldwin and  Tina Fey . If you ever start to feel too good about yourself. They have this thing called the Internet. You can find a lot of ', 'comedy series with the acting awards going to stars Alec Baldwin and Tina Fey . If you ever start to feel too good about yourself. They have this thing called the Internet. -- You can find a ', "thing. And in addition to showing us how she did Sarah Palin because this was to interface right yeah. Yeah and have  Tina Fey  and how sad can say anything but she smiled as she's. Object she did something that's not cannot and our actual special ", "Sarah Palin because this was to interface right yeah. Yeah and have Tina Fey and how sad -- -- can say anything but she smiled as she's. Object she did something that's not cannot and our ", "hunger games was one of the biggest films of the year. And the six weeks it took me to get into this dress. Reporter:  Tina fey  and amy poerl. You know what, taylor swift, you stay away from michael j. Fox's son. Reporter: Stealing the show ", "the six weeks it took me to get into this dress. Reporter: Tina fey and amy poerl. You know what, taylor swift, you stay away from michael j. Fox's son. Reporter: Stealing the show. Amy poerl, "]