["President Obama kicks off a bus tour in Minnesota today. He'll eventually head to Iowa. President trying to shore up some support after a brutal series of polls including a new Gallup poll showing the president has just a 39% approval rating.", "We'll have reaction and advice for you! Is crisis the beginning of the end for some democracies?", "Are you concerned about our nation's debt?  Are you interested in what the Tea Party plans to do to help bring fiscal responsibility to the government?  ", 'In the Hot Seat today is one of the leaders behind the movement...Co-Author of "Give Us Liberty", Chairman of FreedomWorks (the organizational arm of the Tea Party) and former Majority Leader Dick Armey.', 'The 112th Congress begins today at Noon Eastern Time.Sixteen new Senators and 94 new Congressmen will officially take their positions on Capitol Hill.', 'Health care reform, jobs, the national debt, andthe budget are just a few of thekey initiatives they will tackle in their first months in Congress.', "Today'sTown Hall panelis here to take your questions aboutwhat changes we will see inthe new Congress.", '~ Prof. Larry Sabato is theDirector of the Center for Politics at the University of Virginia', "It's cold & flu season andit seemseveryone gets one or the other during winter months.What methods really help you stay healthy this season? Fox News A-Teamer Dr.Caroline Cromwell is here to answer your questions.", "Does walking outside with a wet head make you more susceptible to catching avirus?Can taking airborne help ward off a cold? Should you be careful who you kiss this New Year's Eve? Do symptoms show themselves immediately?", "Today's Town Hall is all about the economy:the Deficit Commission's vote, the Federal Jobs numbers out today, unemployment benefits, and the debate on Capitol Hill over the tax cut extensions.", 'He is theSpecial Advisorto the United-Nations Secretary General Ban-Ki-Moon and Author of "Common Wealth: Economics for a Crowded Planet".', "Thursday July 25, 2013 Happening Now - President Obama's Big Economy Push as New Polls Give Pause", "Wednesday July 24, 2013 Happening Now - President Obama's Economy Push; Congress Pushes Back", 'Friday July 12, 2013 Happening Now - Closing Arguments Wrap Up in Zimmerman Murder Trial', 'Wednesday July 17, 2013 Happening Now - Another Vote on Obamacare? NSA Spying Hearings', 'Choose an authorbardiseberteHarris FaulknerJon ScottmaguirespmoRick FolbaumShow Producers']