['the elite team that killed  Osama bin Laden  donated a knife he carried for the family of another  Navy SEAL  who perished in a training accident in March.  Mark Owen , the pseudonymous author of " No Easy Day ," which detailed the bin ', 'who actually killed  Osama bin Laden , the one member the pseudonymous  Mark Owen  in the book " No Easy Day ," which came out still in press when " No Easy Day " hit bookshelves Owen wrote in " No Easy Day ." "It was a selfless ', 'The  Navy SEAL  who says he pulled the trigger on  Osama bin Laden  is speaking out put "I killed  Osama bin Laden " on his resume Decepticon." As in " No Easy Day ," written by children refer to  Osama bin Laden  as "Poopyface ', 'in the raid that killed  Osama bin Laden , have received non-judicial in Pakistan that killed  Osama bin Laden . The SEALs were punished the release of the book " No Easy Day ," written by the pseudonym  Mark Owen , a former SEAL Team Six ', 'mock-up of  Osama bin Laden \'s compound layout of  Osama bin Laden \'s compound announced that  Osama bin Laden  had been killed The book " No Easy Day ," which by a former  Navy SEAL  on the mission pseudonym  Mark Owen , revealed ', 'the former  Navy SEAL  who wrote that killed  Osama bin Laden , saying the The book " No Easy Day " is a first-person pseudonym  Mark Owen  that includes he said. " No Easy Day " was originally charity, The  Navy SEAL  Foundation ', 'officials and a  Navy SEAL  who was on the the pseudonym  Mark Owen , the  Navy SEAL  Team Six member who first shot  Osama bin Laden  said that before his book, " No Easy Day ." "\'If he charity, The  Navy SEAL  Foundation ', "A  Navy SEAL 's account of raid that killed  Osama bin Laden  that went on information.  Matt Bissonnette , who wrote  No Easy Day  under the pseudonym  Mark Owen , does not hold Press reporter  Kevin Maurer , had been screened ", 'that killed  Osama bin Laden  written by a former U.S.  Navy SEAL  reveals classified The book, " No Easy Day ," was written pseudonym  Mark Owen  and is the Version " No Easy Day ," written co-author  Kevin Maurer , takes readers ', 'the ex- Navy SEAL  who penned Qaeda leader  Osama bin Laden  did so in called " No Easy Day " and written pseudonym  Mark Owen , arrives by former  Navy SEAL  Brandon Webb journalist  Kevin Maurer , to the working with  Mark Owen  on this book Owen\'s book " No Easy Day " provides and that  Osama bin Laden  was the man ', 'The Pentagon has told the SEAL who wrote the book on the  Osama bin Laden  raid that he could face legal action for violating his release classified information. The SEAL wrote the book " No Easy Day " under the pseudonym " Mark Owen ."', 'warned a former  Navy SEAL  that he faces raid that killed  Osama bin Laden , according to addressed to  Mark Owen , the pseudonym for  Matt Bissonnette , alleges that Putnam. The book,  No Easy Day , gives a first-hand ', "Pentagon Tells Ex-SEAL He Could Face Legal Action Over Osama Bin Laden  Raid Book, 'No Easy Day'", 'determined the former  Navy SEAL  who has authored a book about his role in the  Osama bin Laden  raid is in "material SEAL on his book, " No Easy Day ," which is scheduled author\'s pseudonym, " Mark Owen ," because the Pentagon ', 'raid that killed  osama bin laden . S.E.A was there when  osama bin laden  was shot to death the pseudonym  mark owen  has written a tell-alls.  No easy day . The firsthand mission that killed  osama bin laden  has been a closely ', "s.E.A.L. Has written a book giving des about the raid that killed osama bin laden . S.E.A.L.s FAMOUSLY GUARD THEIR Secrecy. So who is he and why is he doing this? Abc's martha raddatz has those details. Reporter: The author does not use his real name or those of OTHER S.E.A.L.s BUT THIS HAS THE S.E.A.L. Community buzzing. No s.E.A.L. From the bin laden raid has ever gone public before. Pseudonym or not. He was there when the navy S.E.A.L.s BUSTED DOWN THE DOORS Of the bin laden compound. He was there when osama bin laden was shot to death. The former navy s.E.A.L. Who uses the pseudonym mark owen has written a tell-all to beat all tell-alls. No easy day . The firsthand account of the mission that killed osama bin laden has been a closely held secret by the publisher but is cted to be an instant best-seller when it is released ON ", 'L. Team that carried out the raid on  osama bin laden , has written a book about that night with bin laden. He uses the sid anymore  mark owen  in the book. His publisher says " no easy day " is a blow-by-blow narrative of the ', 'in pakistan, coming face-to-face with bin laden. He uses the sid anymore mark owen in the book. His publisher says " no easy day " is a blow-by-blow narrative of the assault, beginning with the helicopter crash that could have ended owen\'s life. The officer has retired ', 'navy s.E.A.L. Who stormed  osama bin laden \'s compound last year. The former s.E.A.L., Using the name  mark owen , was disguised with makeup for He denies that his book, " no easy day " is being timed for the election ', 'time, we\'re hearing this morning from the former navy s.E.A.L. Who stormed osama bin laden\'s compound last year. The former s.E.A.L., Using the name mark owen , was disguised with makeup for his safety, during a cbs "60 minutes" interview. He denies that his book, " no easy day " is being timed for the election. IN THE BOOK, HE SAYS S.E.A.L.s Shot bin laden at his bedroom door. Unarmed, by the ', "thinking OK well there's no other books coming out so I think this is the most accurate kale pick marks word for it. And  no easy day  came out we would finish the movie and in the editing room and I ran out and I bought it and every time it mentions ", 'is the most accurate kale pick marks word for it. And -- no easy day came out we -- would finish the movie and -- in the editing room and I ran out and I bought it ']