['Famous Birthdays 1871 Stephen Crane 1942 Larry Flynt 1957 Peter Ostrum 1958 Charlie Kaufman 1967 Sophie B. Hawkins 1972  Toni Collette  1972 Jenny McCarthy 1973 Aishwarya Rai 1979 Coco Crisp 1986 Penn Badgley Jump back to Oct. 31: Day in History . View ', 'television series "Northern Exposure," has been a relationship with Bo Derek since 2002. He currently stars opposite  Toni Collette  in "The United States of Tara." Mikhail Baryshnikov/Aleksandr Petrovsky Russian ballet dancer Baryshnikov portrayed ', 'television series "Northern Exposure," has been a relationship with Bo Derek since 2002. He currently stars opposite  Toni Collette  in "The United States of Tara." Mikhail Baryshnikov/Aleksandr Petrovsky Russian ballet dancer Baryshnikov portrayed ', 'it\'s pretty safe to assume that Michael C. Hall, star of "Dexter," is not a serial killer in real life or that  Toni Collette , star of "United States of Tara," does not have multiple personalities. On the other hand, there are those actors ', 'favorite, along with its star Edie Falco , and "United States of Tara," which has picked up awards for its star  Toni Collette  , Showtime has become a source for drama. Dos Santos said the third season of "Secret Diary of a Call Girl" is even ', 'mustache and a slightly deranged expression when her name was announced as a nominee for best actress in a comedy series.  Toni Collette  was the surprise winner for her dark role in the Showtime series, "The United States of Tara." Naturally, there ', 'Charlie Sheen, "Two and a Half Men" Jemaine Clement, "Flight of the Conchords" Lead Actress in a Comedy Series  Toni Collette , "United States of Tara" Julia Louis-Dreyfus, "The New Adventures of Old Christine" Tina Fey, "30 Rock ', "advertising-themed Trust Me, with Tom Cavanagh and Eric McCormack; and Showtime's United States of Tara, starring  Toni Collette  as a woman with multiple personalities. And FX returns with new seasons of Nip/Tuck and Damages, its most popular ", "Los Angeles leg of the tour, she and her mother were surrounded by stars such as Russell Crowe, Cate Blanchett,  Toni Collette  and Olivia Newton-John. Steve Irwin was the tour's headliner in past years. Since his death, Bindi has taken ", "his same feisty self. Previews of the online show show him interviewing the likes of author Stephen King, actress  Toni Collette  and musician Rob Thomas. More Orignals for Amazon Shoppers The move is part of Amazon's plan to step up original ", 'Toni Collette  and Liam James discuss their roles in coming-of-age film "The Way Way Back."', 'The multi-talented actress  Toni Collette  battles mental illness in her hit show.', "Adventures of Old Christine Edie Falco of nurse Jackie. Amy Poehler of parks and recreation Tina from 30 Rock. And  Toni Collette . Of the united states of The one to me here is Edie Falco she's a winner for best drama. Now she's got nominated ", "Amy Poehler of parks and recreation Tina -- from 30 Rock. And Toni Collette . Of the united states of -- The -- one to me here is Edie Falco -- she's a winner for best drama. ", "head of the outstanding lead actress comedy series yet lea Michelle Julie Louise Dreyfus Edie Falco Amy Poehler Tina  Toni Collette . So who do you think it's gonna take home the in that category that's a tough one. Well you again old new and ", "yet lea Michelle Julie Louise Dreyfus Edie Falco Amy Poehler Tina -- Toni Collette . So who do you think it's gonna take home the -- in that category that's a tough one. Well you again old ", "began. We look here at the greater Baghdad area. This whole area. We'll be very shallow pool well. That's is  Toni Collette  I'm home on 12 we're gonna have to go back to Saddam and then what is Andy it. Today that I am lucky I feel a "]