['year. Other top 10 quotes include  Steve Jobs \' last words (Oh wow Oh wow." - Apple co-founder  Steve Jobs \' last words on Oct. 5, as reported by sister  Mona Simpson  in her eulogy. 9. "I can\'t ', 'haunted Apple founder  Steve Jobs , who died last sister, author  Mona Simpson , but he refused Nights" and " Steve Jobs ," expose an unspoken Quintana died.  Steve Jobs  knew from a young of his sister.  Mona Simpson  was a full biological ', 'Full disclosure:  Steve Jobs  was my white whale His Biological Father  Steve Jobs  was born to--and placed his sister--novelist  Mona Simpson . She later called Simpson he told her. "Even  Steve Jobs  . He was a sweet guy ', 'most famous CEOs,  Steve Jobs  kept his private innovator. PHOTOS:  Steve Jobs  Through The Years Apple. READ MORE:  Steve Jobs \' 20 Best Quotes in later years.  Mona Simpson , the acclaimed writer of books like " Anywhere But Here ," offered Jobs relationship entitled " A Regular Guy ." Though Simpson ', 'the wake of  Steve Jobs \' resignation Private World of  Steve Jobs  Though he famous CEOs,  Steve Jobs  has remained sister is  Mona Simpson , the acclaimed books like " Anywhere But Here ." Jobs did the book, " A Regular Guy ," Simpson ', "Twitter. Well without  Steve Jobs  running apple what sparked it. Before  Steve Jobs  with a modern day successful author of  anywhere but here Mona Simpson  she remains one of Henry Ford and and  Steve Jobs  remembering that you're ", 'as an adult jobs tracked down his biological sister successful author of anywhere but here Mona Simpson she remains one of jobs closest confidant Steve Wozniak a man who co founded apple with jobs out of a garage spoke ', "and his sister  Mona Simpson  and his wife again. He sent  Mona Simpson  tracked him down Everybody's there even  Steve Jobs  and this is the couldn't say  Steve Jobs  is your son she do this I mean  Steve Jobs  a person with intense ", "adoption studied overseas you know the boy again. He -- -- sent Mona Simpson tracked him down and He starts talking about the great restaurants who used to and including one in Silicon Valley said. Everybody's -- there even Steve Jobs and this is the fathers or father or the biological father and Steve would tell Mona. Don't tell them about me -- -- -- divided tongue and couldn't say Steve Jobs is your son she just looked a bit shocking -- yeah He was going temper. So that's so amazingly that father in the son met but didn't know -- they were father and sign yet. When they both know it Steve says I want nothing to do this -- -- I mean Steve Jobs -- a person with intense emotions and loyalties. At his real family and that includes his adoptive parent who called his real parents and really taught him everything they would -- -- Great people. And then of course his four children. There's a strong bond they are but if you're not part of the strong bond -- in somebody like his biological father He had no desire to -- a phrase keeps recurring in the book it's called reality distortion field. His his colleagues at apple said he's got a reality distortion field Steve Jobs thought He could then -- To fit his will and then they have shortened his life. You know -- that magical thinking. ", 'kangaroos can get a surprising phrase that the into the monkey see Steve Jobs is not exceptionally smart. But the genius you know was his jeans his genius who has the ability to connect you know ', 'intimate look at the final days of  Steve Jobs  when He stepped down from apple to jobs in those last weeks.  Steve Jobs  sister  Mona Simpson  says in his final weeks jobs revelation since his death or about  Steve Jobs  the man the father of four ', "It turned out to an intimate look at the final days of Steve Jobs when He stepped down from apple back in August He knew that it was time to say goodbye to friends and family. And ABC's -- carlin's get a chance to speak to some of those closest to jobs in those last weeks. Steve Jobs sister Mona Simpson says in his final weeks jobs biggest concerns were for the people who depended on him. His tone was tenderly apologetic at ", 'and so beautiful. The most surprising revelation since his death or about Steve Jobs the man the father of four. I asked him what it was like to be apparent and He said the units 101000 ', "on a different don't recall those black mock connect hurdle next. That Steve Jobs always wore a company that makes them think Roy says that since his death. They've been flying off the shelves nearly a ", "Just before He passed away  Steve Jobs  biographer Walter Isaacson ask them questions. Why didn't biological sister. Who just happened to be best selling author  Mona Simpson  my mom which tastes OK could it hurt his mother and so. Of course ", "Just before He passed away Steve Jobs biographer Walter Isaacson ask them questions. Why didn't spend the last couple years of his life sharing so much after saying private ", 'getting an extraordinary glimpse into the final hours of  Steve Jobs  his life it comes from the moving eulogy that his sister.  Mona Simpson  read at his memorial now sharing it to the New York Times ', "We're also getting an extraordinary glimpse into the final hours of Steve Jobs his life it comes from the moving eulogy that his sister. Mona Simpson read at his memorial now -- sharing it to the New York Times she says at the end jobs seem to be. "]