['Neanderthals in his book and subsequent interview with Der Spiegel news weekly, it sounded like something out of  Michael Crichton \'s " Jurassic Park " coming to life. But experts say that safety and ethical hang-ups mean the first Neanderthal birth ', 'as few as four years. It may sound like a fantasy straight out of " Jurassic Park ." But it was a real scientific breakthrough that\'s said to have inspired  Michael Crichton \'s bestseller. In 1984 the quagga, a South African zebra with stripes ', 'Burning Wire," Tom Bower "Still Missing," Chevy Stevens "Deliver Us From Evil," David Baldacci "Next,"  Michael Crichton  "Remains Silent," Michael Baden and Linda Kenney "The Broker," John Grisham Click here to return to the "Good ', 'Charlton Heston / Actor William F. Buckley / Conservative Commentator Bo Diddley / Musician George Carlin / Comedian  Michael Crichton  / Author and Producer 2007 Merv Griffin / Talk Show Host Lady Bird Johnson / First Lady of the US Norman Mailer ', 'Celebrity Estate Disputes from Michael Jackson, Steve McNair to Anna Nicole Smith', 'Brooke Astor ,  Michael Crichton  , Tom Carvel , Marlon trying to kill her.  Michael Crichton : Family\'s Novel Over Estate When  Michael Crichton , the author behind " Jurassic Park " and "The  Andromeda Strain ," died in November ', 'deliberately across the " ER " trauma room set, from event. More recently, " ER " has become revitalized really well-written by  Michael Crichton  and wonderfully produced by provided the inspiration for  ER \'s seamless visual style ', "Think about that for a minute: humans that can and will control the evolution of the species. Where is the late  Michael Crichton  when we need him? These feats are not possible today -- and that's probably the good news, because there are ", "The money might be drying up in Hollywood, but there's still plenty of cash to be made in the graveyard. The 13 iconic figures on Forbes' list of the Top-Earning Dead Celebrities grossed a collective $886.5 million in the past 12 months. Topping the list for the first time is Yves Saint Laurent,", 'Michael Crichton  , 66 -- Author, screenwriter, and director. Wrote best-selling novels including  Jurassic Park  and created the television hit " ER ." Cecil Stoughton , 88 -- Chief photographer, Kennedy ', "movies do you admire? A: I loved The  Andromeda Strain . I wish they had offered me  Jurassic Park . Q: That would have been a different wonderful what-if ideas. I like all of  Michael Crichton 's ideas. Q: Those are movies that ", "America's front burner.  Michael Crichton  was already a star science-fiction novel called The  Andromeda Strain  . Since then he's increase donations.  Crichton  has been a star of paper.) The name of  Crichton 's book only appears ", "America's front burner.  Michael Crichton  was already a star science-fiction novel called The  Andromeda Strain  . Since then he's increase donations.  Crichton  has been a star of paper.) The name of  Crichton 's book only appears ", "talking about best selling author  Michael Crichton  now he's back with a brand of science and run a vintage  crichton . Stir up some controversial it gets. Did you like to the  Jurassic Park  bringing dinosaurs back and state ", "the father of the techno thriller we're talking about best selling author Michael Crichton now he's back with a brand new book it's called next it's in stores this morning go out and get -- today. It is a tale of science and run a -- vintage crichton . Stir up some controversial on the -- joining us the author himself -- -- so it's a pleasure. A pleasure to meet ", "bounds of foreseeable possibility. Certainly sounds like the stuff of  Jurassic Park . But it was a real scientific breakthrough that says you've inspired  Michael crichton 's best In 1984 this special kind of zebra became the first animal from ", "within the bounds of foreseeable possibility. Certainly sounds like the stuff of Jurassic Park . But it was a real scientific breakthrough that says you've inspired Michael crichton's best -- -- In 1984 this special kind of zebra became the first animal from which scientists successfully retrieved. Ancient DNA the ", "a it never ages. It's not for real though it's part of a website called next gen code of publicity stunt for  Michael crichton 's next novel. company claims to offer lots of Anderson genetic alterations including they can do math. And Iraq ", "part of a website called next gen code of publicity stunt for Michael crichton's next novel. -- company claims to offer lots of Anderson genetic alterations including -- they can do math. And Iraq containment talks ", "pictures of a it never ages. It's not for real though part of a website called next gen code of publicity stunt for  Michael crichton 's next novel. I think company claims to offer lots of interesting genetic alterations including a parent that can ", "part of a website called next gen code of publicity stunt for Michael crichton's next novel. I think company claims to offer lots of interesting genetic alterations including a parent that can do math. An -- "]