['mention that they would be including the new definition of tweet. The OED is also a bit behind competitor the  Merriam - Webster dictionary , which added the word "tweet" in August 2011 . Other words that have made their way into the OED\'s latest ', 'nomination. At this point, Sokolowski says, "The whole culture has adopted this gesture." New Words Added to  Merriam - Webster Dictionary  Another recent addition of note: " parkour ," defined as "the sport of traversing environmental obstacles ', 'turned to, and what they\'ve made of them: 1. Food service crew member The definition of "McJob" in the  Merriam Webster dictionary  is "a low-paying job that requires little skill and provides little opportunity for advancement." McDonald\'s ', 'highs despite occasional sell-offs. And investors will make money with a buy-and-hold strategy. The  Merriam - Webster dictionary  defines the adjective "secular" as "relating to a long term of indefinite duration." There is no standard ', 'metro ranks No. 1 on our Best Bargain Cities list. Behind The Numbers What do we mean by a bargain? The  Merriam - Webster Dictionary  defines it as an "advantageous deal." On that score Omaha qualifies, thanks to a list-leading combination ', 'Perimenopause," "Menopause," and "Postmenopause"? The term "perimenopause" first appeared in the  Merriam Webster dictionary  in 1962. The literal meaning is "around the menopause." Perimenopause refers not only to the years when ovulation ', 'widely used technology. While Google\'s search engine inspired the addition of the word "google" in the  Merriam - Webster dictionary , Adobe\'s technologies have always spoken louder than the company\'s name itself. "Adobe is not a real ', 'stereotype. The company argued that all chavs are associated with counterfeit versions of the clothing. The Miriam  Webster Dictionary  describes American "white trash" as "a member of an inferior or underprivileged white social group," which ', 'sitcom, regifting has become a staple of holiday lingo. It\'s even garnered coveted page-space in the  Merriam - Webster dictionary : "to give an unwanted gift to someone else; to give as a gift something one previously received as a gift ', 'chair in strategy at the Center for Strategic and International Studies blogs: The AOL short version of the  Merriam Webster dictionary  defines civil war as "a war between opposing groups of citizens of the same country." The Webster\'s New ', 'mental as well as physical capacities and now live up to dictionary definitions of the word strong -- both the  Merriam - Webster Dictionary \'s "those who wield force, authority, or influence" and the Concise Oxford English Dictionary\'s "those ', "work. Another aha moment for oprah winfrey. The talk show queen's signature phrase is being added to the  merriam - webster dictionary . Oprah did not coin the phrase. She helped popularize the saying, which is officially defined as a moment ", "winfrey. The talk show queen's signature phrase is being added to the merriam-webster dictionary . Oprah did not coin the phrase. She helped popularize the saying, which is officially defined as a moment of recognition or comprehension, ", 'they say I do. Infinity pulled Texas hold a mental health day those are some of the latest entries into the  Merriam Webster dictionary  talk about that as well. with politics and an unscheduled stop in Missouri for the Obama campaign the plane ', 'mental health day those are some of the latest entries into the Merriam Webster dictionary -- -- talk about that as well. -- -- -- with politics and an unscheduled stop in Missouri for the Obama campaign ', "It's all Michael. her and to ABC news And finally from us yesterday we told you about some new entries in the  Merriam Webster dictionary . Mom degree being won a word or phrase resulting from hearing something you said or sung. Well we leave you ", 'from us yesterday we told you about some new entries in the Merriam Webster dictionary . Mom degree being won a word or phrase resulting from -- hearing something you said or sung. Well we leave you with ', "And plus Q while you're at such and walk just vanish and might like. You don't understand my words in in a  Webster dictionary . This is the USA we speak English here and treat women with back. Only a little and talk to a girl what you ", "and might like. You don't understand my words in -- in a Webster dictionary . This is the USA we speak English here and treat women with -- back. Only a little and talk to a girl ", 'he definitely was one of the regional One last note the word Blaine was just added to the dictionary the Miriam  Webster dictionary  definition flashy jewelry worn especially as an indication of well. And that does it for the webcast today for ', 'note the word Blaine was just added to the dictionary the Miriam Webster dictionary definition flashy jewelry worn especially as an indication of well. And that does it for the webcast today for all of us ']