["who worshiped the Red Planet as a fierce war god in the sky, to scientists like Percival Lowell and fantasists like  Ray Bradbury , Mars has taunted Earth's adventurers with the ultimate challenge. Now that the fear of imaginary invaders has been ", 'Eastern Time). Mission managers announced they had named that site Bradbury Landing in honor of science fiction writer  Ray Bradbury , whose works include The Martian Chronicles. Bradbury, who died in June, would have turned 92 Wednesday. The test ', "fascination with the Red Planet . Why should I care? Because Mars is awesome, writes Britt Kennerly for Florida Today. From  Ray Bradbury  to Buck Rogers, Earth's neighbor has long been speculated as a potential second home for the human race and the origin ", 'Curiosity is slated to arrive early Monday in a daring landing that itself seems inspired by science fiction worthy of  Ray Bradbury  and "The Martian Chronicles." But even without our imminent return to Mars, there\'s always been something new ', "Ray Bradbury , Author of 'Fahrenheit 451' and 'The Martian Chronicles,' Dies at 91", 'Getty Images.  Ray Bradbury , author of including " Fahrenheit 451 ? and "The heart. RIP  Ray Bradbury  (Ol\' Gramps years later by " Fahrenheit 451 ," set in a Illustrated Man and  Dandelion Wine ." He continued ', 'and health features with such content as commentary by former CBS News Sunday Morning host Charles Osgood, poetry by  Ray Bradbury  and fiction by John Hemingway, grandson of Ernest Hemingway, the magazine could boost circulation to 500,000 ', 'journals, complete with e-mail addresses, phone numbers and a MySpace account readers can visit. " Fahrenheit 451 ," by  Ray Bradbury  The classic dystopian tale is now a gorgeous graphic novel. "Football Champ," by Tim Green Troy White ', 'us are more familiar with the more common name for it: the butterfly effect. The butterfly effect was introduced in  Ray Bradbury \'s 1952 short story "A Sound of Thunder," when time travelers change the world beyond measure by accidentally killing ', "writers soon followed suit with their own tales about Martians, including Edgar Rice Burroughs' A Princess of Mars and  Ray Bradbury 's The Martian Chronicles. Following the Water But as public imagination about the Red Planet grew, scientists were ", 'lasting have been Charles Dickens, James M. Cain,  Ray Bradbury , Robert Heinlein, Theodore Sturgeon, Herman Wouk other places: Theodore Sturgeon, Robert Heinlein,  Ray Bradbury , all the great science fiction writers who virtually ', 'the poverty and violence in which I lived and transported me to other places: Theodore Sturgeon, Robert Heinlein,  Ray Bradbury , all the great science fiction writers who virtually invented the genre in the 1930s and 1940s. Question: Do you ', "writers soon followed suit with their own tales about Martians, including Edgar Rice Burroughs' A Princess of Mars and  Ray Bradbury 's The Martian Chronicles. Following the Water But as public imagination about the Red Planet grew, scientists were ", "Brosnan because of the actor's commitment to the next James Bond film, which is due to shoot whenever the strike ends. The $80 million, Renny Harlin-helmed A Sound of Thunder is based on the  Ray Bradbury  short story of the same name."]