['photographer Robert Mapplethorpe, also deceased, actor Johnny Depp and the late Amy Winehouse. Smith, who won the  National Book Award  in 2010 for her memoir, "Just Kids," said she didn\'t set out to write a song about Winehouse, it "came by accident ', 'published "The Trial" and "The Castle." "Max Brod made the right decision" said Jonathan Franzen , who won the  National Book Award  for his 2001 novel "The Corrections. "Kafka changed my life. Obviously it was good to disobey." The fact that Salinger\'s ', 'According to the Associated Press, The  National Book Awards  wants your vote. The award -- one of the most prestigious literary prizes around -- has been around for sixty years. Now those ', 'Steel\'s latest novel, "Matters of the Heart," Hope Dunne is known as one of the world\'s best photographers and  National Book Award  winner Finn O\'Neill wants her to do the cover for his upcoming book. The two are only in London a few days, but Hope ', "is known as one of the world's best photographers and  National Book Award  winner Finn O'Neill wants her to do the cover for his said the name. He was an important author, had won the  National Book Award , and was always at the top of the best-seller lists ", 'the basis for the acclaimed movie which starred Heath Ledger, and for Paul Monette\'s Becoming a Man, winner of a  National Book Award  in 1992. The "glitch" has even turned on former Amazon favorites, among them M.J. Rose\'s Lip Service, promoted ', 'winning virtually every literary prize, including two Pulitzers, for "Rabbit Is Rich" and "Rabbit at Rest," and two  National Book Awards . LA MAN SHOOTS SELF, FAMILY OVER JOB LOSS-Tragic story out of Los Angeles. A medical technician, apparently distraught over ', 'though they were giving me a  National Book Award  for a novel that I wrote. They were giving me a  National Book Award  in a way that I suppose they bothers me. If I read a list of  National Book Award  Best Novel of the Year finalists ', "writers are all but invisible, and no one knew it better than Lisey Landon. Her husband had won the Pulitzer and the  National Book Award , but Lisey had given only one interview in her life. This was for the well-known women's magazine that publishes ", 'Put them together and come out with ineptitude." Jan. 2, 2005 Susan Sontag , 71 -- Essayist, novelist and 2000  National Book Award  winner whose works were translated into 32 languages. "I like very much the idea of being serious. It invites people ', 'would have happened and she got a little panicky," said Galway Kinnell, who has won both the Pulitzer Prize and the  National Book Award  and is a chancellor of the American Academy of Poets. "She may have thought the poets would have come in like Weathermen ', 'trajectory of the J.P. Morgan empire from its obscure beginnings in Victorian London to the crash of 1987. It won the 1990  National Book Award  for nonfiction and our panel placed it eighth on our list. Chernow just missed making our list a second time with his ', 'Patti Smith she is the singer songwriter high would have just added last year.  National book award  winner to her list of accomplishments. Her raspy and voice is inspired generations of rock musicians and now. She tells us all ', 'singer songwriter high -- would have -- -- just added last year. National book award winner to her list of accomplishments. Her raspy -- and voice is inspired generations of rock musicians and now. She tells us ', "don't give this award Stephen King it wasn't as though they were giving me in a  national book award  for a novel. They were giving me  national book award  in a way that I suppose. They give a girl who's not going to be Miss America the ", "King it wasn't as though they were giving me in -- a national book award for a novel. -- -- -- They were giving me -- national book award in a way that I suppose. They give a girl who's not going to be Miss America the miss congeniality. Award you ", 'Who died in New York last night the Kennedy insider became an acclaimed historian winning two Pulitzer prizes. And the  national book award  for his biographies of past presidents including John F. Kennedy. Andrew Jackson and Franklin Delano Roosevelt. He ', 'Kennedy insider became an acclaimed historian winning two Pulitzer prizes. And the national book award for his biographies of past presidents including John F. Kennedy. Andrew Jackson and Franklin Delano Roosevelt. He once said that as memory ', 'Who died in New York last night the Kennedy insider became an acclaimed historian winning two Pulitzer prizes. And the  national book award  for his biographies of past presidents including John F. Kennedy. Andrew Jackson and Franklin Delano Roosevelt. He ', 'Kennedy insider became an acclaimed historian winning two Pulitzer prizes. And the national book award for his biographies of past presidents including John F. Kennedy. Andrew Jackson and Franklin Delano Roosevelt. He once said that as memory ']