['saying, \'Take out the garbage,\'" said Beck. Although she\'s a supporter of Sen. Barack Obama, feminist writer  Naomi Wolf  thinks Hillary is feeling unfair pressure. "I never see a white man, you know, being bracketed as, \'How dare he ', 'Obamacan" -- is the selection of a Hollywood A-list that includes Ben Affleck, Oliver Stone, Matt Damon,  Naomi Wolf , and Julia Stiles, per ABC\'s Lindsey Ellerson. The Washington Times\' Jerry Seper has more on Clinton White House ', "ABC News' Lindsey Ellerson Reports: Ben Affleck, Oliver Stone, Matt Damon,  Naomi Wolf , Julia Stiles and other eye-grabbing celebrities joined together with the progressive group MoveOn.org to select the newest entry ", 'Said Democratic consultant and author  Naomi Wolf  on MSNBC: "We\'re looking increasingly at a police state and the American people are asking about this and I have to say with ', 'and was accused of doing it as a ploy to appeal to male voters. In 2000, then-Vice President Al Gore hired author  Naomi Wolf  as a consultant to target female voters in his bid for the presidency. It was reported that she was responsible for ', 'it\'s not just Republicans who say Clinton\'s campaign will have to be about more than making history. Feminist author  Naomi Wolf  said Clinton\'s campaign strategy of tapping into women\'s networks is "pure genius," but Wolf also believes that ', 'the requirement to report statistics." Feminist Alum  Naomi Wolf  Speaks Out One noted alumna of the school was not surprised inquiry by the Department of Education. Feminist author  Naomi Wolf , who graduated in 1984, said that Yale has historically ', 'Hillary Clinton will be the first woman president, the Harvard professor Harvey Mansfield, author of "Manliness," and  Naomi Wolf , who taught Al Gore about earthtones, discuss the politics of manliness. Mansfield: Manliness I define as confidence ', 'some of the next steps are," Kramer said. She said CAKE members are "creating a sexual revolution." But feminist  Naomi Wolf , author of The Beauty Myth, disagrees. "A real sexual revolution is where a woman doesn\'t have to take her clothes ', "guests Tina Brown, Jeffrey Toobin and  Naomi Wolf  discuss Stewart's rise and fall spectacle of what's happening?  NAOMI WOLF : Well, you really said it, Ted this is a class thing in your view?  NAOMI WOLF : Well, first, it's just about ", "When  Naomi Wolf 's 1991 book, The Beauty Myth, hit the book stores, it struck a chord From The Beauty Myth: How Images of Beauty Are Used Against Women, by  Naomi Wolf . Copyright Sept. 24, 2002, Harperperennial Library. Used by permission ", 'faces over average ones suggest that beauty is hard-wired into our brains. But others argue, perhaps most notably  Naomi Wolf  in her book The Beauty Myth, that beauty is a purely social construction that is learned from our environments. "There ', 'America Stephanie ABC news New York. And joining me to talk about all this is feminist and author of the book  give me liberty Naomi Wolf  with us this morning good morning to you think thanks for being here so we listed off some of the most prominent ', 'to talk about all this is feminist and author of the book give me liberty Naomi Wolf -- with us this morning good morning to you think -- thanks for being here so we -- listed off some of ', "chose to step out on his way, betray her, break his vows. Reporter: Broadwell is married with children, feminist  naomi wolf  who published a new wolf on women and sexuality says she doesn't condone adultery. It's not up to me to give anybody ", "betray her, break his vows. Reporter: Broadwell is married with children, feminist naomi wolf who published a new wolf on women and sexuality says she doesn't condone adultery. It's not up to me to give anybody ", "investigation. Jeffrey Toobin is also a CNN legal analyst. And  Naomi Wolf  the author of several books about women and feminism we're back once again with Tina Brown Jeffrey Toobin and  Naomi Wolf  as they used to say in the old Hollywood movie is this ", 'insider trading investigation. Jeffrey Toobin is also a CNN legal analyst. And Naomi Wolf the author of several books about women and feminism on the co-founder of the war dole institute for ethical leadership. And you ', "moment. And we're back once again with Tina Brown Jeffrey Toobin and Naomi Wolf as they used to say in the old Hollywood movie is this just in apparently. The story is just move on the ", "Hillary's Hillary nutcracker her legs lined with In the bigger picture even Obama supporters like leading feminist  Naomi Wolf  think Hillary is feeling unfair pressure but she thinks it's self defeating for the candidate to talk about it. Saying ", "-- -- In the bigger picture even Obama supporters like leading feminist Naomi Wolf think Hillary is feeling unfair pressure but she thinks it's self defeating for the candidate to talk about it. -- -- Saying ", 'One of 11 point  Naomi Wolf  estimate. The right to name wolf is that. What mammography does. Is it teaches people the wrong. Ticket. Into the sexual relationships ', 'One of 11 point Naomi Wolf estimate. The right to name -- wolf is that. What mammography does. Is it teaches people the wrong. Ticket. Into the sexual ']