['genocide" and aimed to justify the video, tweeting " Hitler  wrote in  Mein Kampf  that his agenda would not be possible unless the people Christofanelli said. "It\'s a historical fact that  Hitler  implemented gun control before the Holocaust and that\'s ', 'Exclusive: Jared Loughner Radically Changed Before Alleged Shooting, Friend Says', 'says. In the YouTube profile, the account holder, identified as Loughner, lists "The Communist Manifesto" and " Mein Kampf " among his favorite books. Despite being shot in the head, Congresswoman Giffords survived the attack and doctors ', 'says. In the YouTube profile, the account holder, identified as Loughner, lists "The Communist Manifesto" and " Mein Kampf " among his favorite books.', 'hominem." In the YouTube profile, the account holder, identified as Loughner, lists "The Communist Manifesto" and " Mein Kampf " among his favorite books. Laughner\'s Myspace page features a picture of a handgun on a U.S. history textbook ', 'mind-boggling persecution in the form of  Hitler . Was there precedence for this horror Franz is a blond, blue-eyed  Hitler  youth living in a Lebensborn, a Jewish? He studies the Talmud, " Mein Kampf ," much of history to learn the ', 'Himmler. On May 1, the day after  Hitler  committed suicide, Sandberger, according prisoners at Landsberg Prison, where  Hitler  wrote "  Mein Kampf  ." But he was released in 1951. While officer who had fired at a portrait of  Hitler  while intoxicated, and the murder ', 'famous Austrian since  Adolf Hitler " has some Austrians up is for Kampf, as in \' Mein Kampf ,\' ze fashion bible Austria\'s black sheep  Adolf Hitler  " as politically incorrect Austria, or to present  Hitler  merely as a black sheep ', "museum has exhibits you don't see elsewhere, such as  Hitler 's silverware and a collection of political propaganda from around the world, including  Mein Kampf  in Braille. Q: What about the future of Miami Beach? A ", 'January 1933, when  Adolf Hitler  first came to power anti-Semitic commentary by  Hitler \'s propaganda minister Third Reich, including  Hitler \'s speeches; and from newspapers and but also to  Hitler \'s book " Mein Kampf ," is threatening to ', 'The first was young  Adolph Hitler , like many other ridicule to drive  Hitler  and his gang out that young age,  Hitler  was apparently already website devoted to  Mein Kampf , and a vast e-mail would argue that  Hitler  would have been more ', 'is "tantamount to heresy" in Islam. In the past, Wilders has stated that the Quran should be banned like  Adolph Hitler \'s " Mein Kampf ." A spokesperson for Wilder\'s political party said he would not be available for comment, and they would ', 'Later in the episode, a follower gives Thompson\'s character a suitcase full of money and a copy of \' Mein Kampf \' signed by  Hitler . The actor appears deeply touched. "\'Only you would have the sensitivity to know what this means to me ', 'mean "to endorse"; it means "to make public." If you doubt that, ask the mainstream publishers who keep  Adolf Hitler \'s " Mein Kampf " in print to this day. They are likely to say that there is a historical value in publishing such material ']