["Rakes comes from a storied South Boston family. His brother Joseph Rakes was photographed in Stanley Forman's  Pulitzer Prize winning  photograph charging at an African-American man on Boston's City Hall with the sharp end of the American flag ", 'response to a democratic uprising," she told members of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee. Power wrote the  Pulitzer Prize - winning  book, "A Problem from Hell," a comprehensive look at the role the United States and the United Nations has ', "UN Ambassador Nominee Samantha Power: Syria 'a Disgrace History Will Judge Harshly'", 'response to a democratic uprising," she told members of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee. Power wrote the  Pulitzer Prize - winning  book, "A Problem from Hell," a comprehensive look at the role the United States and the United Nations has ', 'Manoocher Deghati, who oversees still images and who assembled the team of award-winning photographers who won the 2013  Pulitzer Prize  for breaking news photography. A video news leader is expected to be named soon. "Ian\'s proven track record of telling ', "FACES BEHIND THE IMMIGRATION DEBATE. In many ways, Jose Antonio Vargas is an American success story. He's a  Pulitzer Prize - winning  journalist, author, and documentary filmmaker. There's only one problem: he didn't immigrate to the United ", 'after 18 troops were killed, the basis for the book and movie Black Hawk Down. According to Samantha Power\'s  Pulitzer - prize winning  book "A Problem From Hell" about America\'s role in the world\'s most well-known genocide, Republican ', 'persecution against Buddhist monks. Browne went on to win the World Press Photo of the Year award in 1963 as well as the  Pulitzer Prize  for International Reporting in 1964. Thich Quang Duc, a Buddhist monk, burns himself to death on a Saigon street, June ', 'Power is a former Obama campaign aide and foreign policy advisor who began her career as a journalist and later won a  Pulitzer Prize  for her 2002 book "A Problem From Hell: America and the Age of Genocide." Power was forced to leave Obama\'s 2008 campaign ', 'Federal-Aid Highway Act of 1956. John F. Kennedy was still a U.S. senator and had not yet published his  Pulitzer Prize - winning  book, "Profiles in Courage." Barack Obama would not be born in Hawaii for almost six more years. Dingell ', '9-1-1 emergency dispatch system. While at the Star Ledger in New Jersey, Josh led the team that was recognized with a  Pulitzer Prize  for breaking news reporting on the resignation of former Governor James McGreevey. Competitive, aggressive and relentless ', 'year so induced two thumbs could deliver huge dividends for a movie. But your Ebert was the first film critic to win a  Pulitzer Prize  for work. Millions of Americans recognized him as the reviewer who loved to talk the sweaters the trademark glasses. It ', 'movie. But your Ebert was the first film critic to win a Pulitzer Prize for -- work. Millions of Americans recognized him as the reviewer who loved to talk the sweaters the trademark glasses. It is ', "of the shadows. Able to work and pay taxes. But earning citizenship only after 13 years of good behavior.  Pulitzer prize - winning  but still undocumented immigrant jose antonio vargas says he's one year closer to the american dream. What ", "pay taxes. But earning citizenship only after 13 years of good behavior. Pulitzer prize - winning but still undocumented immigrant jose antonio vargas says he's one year closer to the american dream. What is the debate about? It's ", "It's not often a we'll shaky to the but this year  Pulitzer Prize winning  book the dead hand does exactly that. The title today. David first of all congratulations on the  Pulitzer Prize  thanks for being here. Thank you is really exciting ", "nuclear terrorism we face today. David first of all congratulations on the Pulitzer Prize thanks for being here. Thank you is really exciting. So let's start with the recent Nuclear Security Summit hosted by -- US ", "a professor of foreign policy advisor she's a  Pulitzer Prize  winner. She perhaps might best be known though security issues. right not what Samantha Power  Pulitzer Prize winning  scholar anti genocide activist. Really superstar ", "working as a journalist a professor of foreign policy advisor she's a Pulitzer Prize winner. She perhaps might best be known though for her role during the Obama campaign -- she left that decision after calling ", 'The  Pulitzer Prize - winning  reporter conducted a series of interview with former church officials.', 'The  Pulitzer - Prize winning  columnist on why every family needs to discuss end-of-life issues.', "sweater and became attached. Towering presence in the movie industry from the 1970s on the first movie critic to win a  Pulitzer Prize  and two thumbs up from him and Cisco. Could mean millions in ticket sales. He always tied it Roger that's go to find ", "from the 1970s -- on the first movie critic to win a Pulitzer Prize and -- two thumbs up from him and Cisco. Could mean millions in ticket sales. He always tied it Roger -- that's "]