['other shallow things will not matter." The shortened phrase did not go unnoticed, drawing heavy criticism from poet,  Maya Angelou , who was quoted in the Washington Post as saying that the statue made King "look like an arrogant twit." "[Paraphrasing ', 'other shallow things will not matter." The shortened phrase did not go unnoticed, drawing heavy criticism from poet,  Maya Angelou , who was quoted in the Washington Post as saying that the statue made King "look like an arrogant twit." "[Paraphrasing ', 'Major" speech. It reads, "I was a drum major for justice, peace and righteousness." Critics including the poet  Maya Angelou  have argued that the quotation was taken out of context and makes King sound arrogant. The park service says the quotation ', 'Major" speech. It reads, "I was a drum major for justice, peace and righteousness." Critics, including the poet  Maya Angelou , have argued that the quotation was taken out of context and makes King sound arrogant. The park service says the ', 'inside look at her life last night on Oprah\'s "Master Class." The model joined a roster of past guests who included  Maya Angelou , Jay-Z and Diane Sawyer. Nothing was off-limits, as Crawford addressed her relationships, career and even the ', 'Latino-advocacy organization National Council of La Raza and the American Civil Liberties Union are both on the list, as are poet  Maya Angelou  and actor Matt Damon. The NRA also thinks that funnywoman Ellen Degeneres and deceased director Nora Ephron, the brains ', 'of just incredible gratitude and love," he said in an interview with NPR . Renowned poets such as Robert Frost and  Maya Angelou  has previously served the role. In the next 11 days, Blanco will write an original poem and recite it at the public ', "house. Banana, sour cream and eggs are blended in a food processor for a smooth bread without any lumps of banana.  Maya Angelou 's Original Joe's Sausage, Eggs, and Greens Any hearty greens you have on hand work great for this dish. (Spinach ", 'initiative prohibited the production, possession and use of chemical weapons by all nations. Famous Birthdays 1928  Maya Angelou  1932 Clive Davis 1964 David Cross 1965 Robert Downey Jr. 1972 Jill Scott 1973 David Blaine 1974 Dave Mirra 1976 James ', 'The Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. Remembered by Obama, King Center Releases Trove of Personal Notes', 'delivered two months before he was killed, discussing how he would want to be remembered. Poet and civil rights activist  Maya Angelou  , a leading critic of the paraphrasing, has said that the out-of-context quote makes King sound like "an arrogant ', 'is the big one in the middle," Edwards explained to People. Edwards also included one of her mother\'s favorite  Maya Angelou  poems, which was read during the service. Close friend Jennifer Palmieri said Elizabeth Edwards could be felt throughout ', 'again not shying away from the spotlight. The convicted murderer took to twitter monday, this time quoting author  maya angelou . When you learn, teach, she tweeted. When you get, give. What arias is getting this morning, support prosecutor ', 'spotlight. The convicted murderer took to twitter monday, this time quoting author maya angelou . When you learn, teach, she tweeted. When you get, give. What arias is getting this morning, support prosecutor a growing chorus of ', 'The opening of a new Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. memorial Washington has stirred up some controversy. Famed poet  Maya Angelou  blasted the monument after a quote was paraphrase Angelou who consulted on the project. Says the quote makes the civil ', 'Luther King Jr. memorial Washington has stirred up some controversy. Famed poet Maya Angelou blasted the monument after a quote was paraphrase Angelou who consulted on the project. Says the quote makes the civil rights leaders ', "Doctor  Maya Angelou  has a new cook book is called great food all day long splendidly eat smart. And you know what that's just what I did when I ", "Doctor Maya Angelou has a new cook book is called great food all day long -- splendidly eat smart. And you know what that's just ", 'The renowned poet and author celebrates her 80th birthday and magnificent career', 'other at candlelight vigils overnight, many celebrities took to social media to express their condolences. Among them  maya angelou , who tweeted, our country is grieving, each child who has been slaughtered belongs to each of us. And each slain ', 'many celebrities took to social media to express their condolences. Among them maya angelou , who tweeted, our country is grieving, each child who has been slaughtered belongs to each of us. And each slain adult is ', 'want to stop. They not listening. Reporter: Children who say they just want a future, too. I actually like reading  maya angelou , like, I like how she wrote "i know why the caged bird sings." I want to be a police officer or a doctor ', 'who say they just want a future, too. I actually like reading maya angelou , like, I like how she wrote "i know why the caged bird sings." I want to be a police officer or a ']