["Cut 'waste'-  Global warming is about the way we live - by iqbal.latif - Newsvine", 'world-newswastenuclear-familyglobal-warming-co2-footprintinequalities-of-wealthpattern-of-waste', "Profligacy of humans sees no human bounds. Look at the pulpits from which the likes of Gore look down and tell the world how we are sinking ourselves into a deserted planet. But hold on! It is our own carbon print that needs to matter - we need to make the first sacrifice.  The rising oil prices can be arrested if we drive intelligently, if we drop gas guzzlers, if we car pool and if we share and, instead of living in a nuclear individual self, look for new collaborations if our own portion of CO2 emissions and print is 500 times that of a poor man in 'sub Saharan Africa or Gobi.'", "Let's not bark at the world and go back to the drawing board to cut our own waste; the 'warming' we have created is in our heads. Similar waste pattern can be observed in the USA and within EU countries. It is this waste that needs to be tackled if inequalities on global scale are to be addressed.  Asking Indians to stop procreation is too much interference in personal freedoms; it is well advised that in tomorrow's world of inequities the same Indians will have the right to ask an equitable distribution of world resources and environment on the basis of per capita CO2 emissions.  We are moving towards an age where, if we care about shared environment, we will need to address the concerns of the commons in our shared habitat. ", 'WSJ reports: "According to the Department of Energy\'s most recent data on greenhouse gas emissions, in 2006 the U.S. emitted 5.8 billion metric tons of carbon dioxide, or just under 20 tons per capita.  An 80% reduction in these emissions from 1990 levels means that the U.S. cannot emit more than about one billion metric tons of CO2 in 2050.', 'By the year 2050, the Census Bureau projects that the population will be around 420 million. This means per capita emissions will have to fall to about 2.5 tons in order to meet the goal of 80% reduction.', 'It is always nice to tell the Chinese and Indians to stop multiplying and use better harder contraceptives but population growth will only be arrested if we have universal education and universal prosperity and that can only come through the steady rise of new mankind that has better access to basic needs of life. A new India and a new China, with a strong middle class, will also become a lesser ballooning India and China.  The most important step for us to recognise is our understanding of per capita CO2 emission. If we become equitable, waste will automatically be cut.', 'Today, the average residence in the U.S. uses about 10,500 kilowatt hours of electricity and emits 11.4 tons of CO2 per year (much more if you are Al Gore or John Edwards and live in a mansion). To stay within the magic number, average household emissions will have to fall to no more than 1.5 tons per year. In our current electricity infrastructure, this would mean using no more than about 2,500 KwH per year. This is not enough juice to run the average hot water heater.', 'The answer is not to reinvent the wheel but cut waste on all fronts. No one will be able to lower their standards of living; all this talk is hot air.  What we need to do is to gradually lower our footprint by sharing and cutting waste, if we have a bed to sleep, a roof over our heads and can send our children to school, enjoy even the lowest standard of living with a calorie intake of 1500/day, we should be grateful.  We are only amongst the 25% blessed ones on earth. If we have a bank account, we are amongst the 30% of the richest, and if we have the internet, we are amongst the 8% elite amongst the \'lesser\' 6.4 billion people.  Let the charity begin from our own doorstep. The idea of a nuclear family and extreme individualism is alien to mankind at large; let\'s revisit our roots and start living and loving together. All this talk of green environment will only lead to our own doorstep; we need to accept responsibility and that is what the world needs now. Shortages and "warming" threats only help us stare at the possibility of a new social contract and new amenable style of living together.']