['Not only did Wikipedia get its facts wrong about the book he labored to write, says novelist  Philip Roth , but when he reached out to the online encyclopedia to request a correction, editors there maintained that they knew better about ', 'Bates from the film, "Psycho," or "lust-ridden, mother-addicted" Jewish bachelors like the protagonist in  Philip Roth \'s "Portnoy\'s Complaint." Homophobia is one of the "big bogeymen" behind why society is so critical of the mother-son ', 'the nation to announce that coalition forces had begun the disarmament of Iraq. Famous Birthdays 1848 Wyatt Earp 1933  Philip Roth  1947 Glenn Close 1955 Bruce Willis 1964 Jake Weber 1967 Mary Scheer 1969 Connor Trinneer 1975 Mason Jennings 1976 Rachel ', 'they need a nap in the afternoon and even helps them shed pounds. Famous figures like Donald Rumsfeld and novelist  Philip Roth  have done it for years. And now some doctors say that you should do it too. Marc Hamilton , a physiologist at the ', 'shot] , I\'d sit on the floor of Barnes & Noble and work my way through the shelves." She read, among others,  Philip Roth : "I like "American Pastoral" the best, but "Sabbath\'s Theater" did my head in." (Says the artist Dan Estabrook ', 'explores the parent-child bond, the meaning of family, and is sure to be a book-club favorite. "Nemesis," by  Philip Roth  The Pulitzer Prize-winning author returns to his roots with the story of Bucky Cantor. Cantor, a 23-year-old ', 'Elegy", an intimate adaptation of  Philip Roth \'s novella "The Dying Animal view of the audience." A fan of  Philip Roth  There\'s little to laugh about since I read the book. I love  Philip Roth , and it was one of the best books I\'ve ', "Excerpt: 'Stars of David : Prominent Jews Talk About Being Jewish' by Abigail Pogrebin", 'writers. I was always very aware of that. I think my mother always said that when she met my father, he reminded her of  Philip Roth . They were both Jewish writers from blue-collar families. So from an early age, I had some idea about Jews being ', "educated New York woman who had been raised on books and movies featuring pushy, troublesome Jewish mothers, thanks to  Philip Roth , among many others. I had learned the lesson of blaming mothers long before Alex's birth, and I remembered that ", '"To become a celebrity is to become a brand name,"  Philip Roth  said more than 20 years ago. He was right, of course, but the novelist wasn\'t thinking big enough. Exploited correctly ', "rumors on this set, we imagine Benton earlier directed Kidman in 1991's Billy Bathgate. The new project is based on  Philip Roth 's unpleasantly titled novel The Human Stain, about an aging classics professor (Hopkins, natch), who is forced ", "Industries reporter  Philip Roth  live in Elizabeth on this exclusive story filled. And can we don't work Davis exclusive story now for a couple of days we've ", "Industries reporter Philip Roth live in Elizabeth on this exclusive story filled. And can we don't work Davis exclusive story now for a couple of days ", "Hugh you've got its two giants of fiction very different kinds of would favorites for. Decades now right twelfth  Philip Roth  is one of the great American since last couple books have gotten mixed reviews I think he's back in his stride with ", "different kinds of -- would -- favorites for. Decades now right twelfth Philip Roth is one of the great American -- since last couple books have gotten mixed reviews I think he's back in his stride ", "deceased great what is it about it that's a special I don't know I think that it's a little bit of the change.  Philip Roth  road and every man. You know amateurs wait for inspiration the rest of us just get up and go to work. And I knew when ", "don't know I think that it's a little bit of the change. Philip Roth road and every man. You know amateurs wait for inspiration the rest of us just get up and go to work. And "]