['Tererai Trent is an accomplished scholar from Zimbabwe who has dedicated her life to bringing educational opportunities to children from a disadvantaged background.', 'Trent grew up in the poor Zimbabwean village of Matau, where she was kept out of school for most of her childhood. At 18, she was already married and a mother of three, but her dream of an education never faded.', 'An NGO worker visited Matau when Trent was 18 and made the young mother realize that she could still fulfil her dreams. Today, aged 53, Trent has three degrees, including a PhD, and is currently studying toward her fourth. ', "Trent's remarkable story has inspired many, including former U.S. president Bill Clinton.", 'Trent is now working to give kids from her village the educational opportunities she lacked as a child.', 'Oprah Winfrey made a $1.5 million donation to fund the rebuilding of the school in Matau, which over the years had become dilapidated. Winfrey also enlisted the charity Save the Children to manage what is known as the Matau Primary School Project.', 'The community in Matau has helped rebuild the school, molding nearly 400,000 bricks for the new building.', 'Education is the pathway out of poverty, says Trent. "Extraordinary things can happen when you put the right tools in the hands of communities. They flourish. They become change makers." ', 'Poverty and cultural traditions kept Tererai Trent out of school for most of her childhood', "But that didn't stop the Zimbabwean from fulfilling her desire to get an education", "Now, she's ensuring kids from her village have the opportunities she lacked as a child", "Editor's note: Tererai Trent is a humanitarian, scholar and speaker. She grew up in rural Zimbabwe, unable to attend school until Heifer International helped her get an education. She now has three degrees, and is founder of Tinogona Foundation.", '(CNN) -- Eight-year-old Tineyi takes my hand and leads me into her mud-thatched hut in my home village of Matau in rural Zimbabwe. There, in a dark corner of the room, is a wooden bookshelf. Carefully crafted by her father, it protects her word-filled treasures from the smoky fire inside the small hut where her mother cooks. I smile, knowing that her father has recognized the value these books will bring to his little bookworm -- a life ahead of her with limitless opportunities.', "It was not a life intended for many girls in Africa. As a cattle-herding tomboy, I was bound to follow in the footsteps of generations of women before me: early marriage, illiteracy and poverty. Back then, most kids in my village never had a chance to attend pre-school because it didn't exist. Instead, we would spend hours chasing birds and monkeys from our parents' fields.", 'Gold mines and urban factories employed men, while women remained at home to look after their children. The more men could read and write, the better their chances of being employed and able to provide for their family. As a result, families wanted to educate their sons, who became village role models. Without an education, how could girls compete? How could they become role models, too?', 'Today, change is happening in my beloved Matau, and all across the long red dirt roads, verdant mountains and open blue skies of Africa. The leaders of African countries have made education more of a priority, even for girls. Now, girls can be role models. Girls like me, a cattle herder who married young, and by age 18 had three children and no high school diploma. But I defied the odds, got an education and came back to build a school.', 'Matau parents and villagers are seeing the value of educating girls. Girls can become leaders of our communities and our African nations. Many parents bring their daughters to me and ask: "Can she be just like you?"', 'Matau parents are sending their daughters to school like never before. Education is the pathway out of poverty and the road to change for boys and girls alike. Mothers, fathers, teachers, brothers and sisters have come together to feed the minds and cultivate growth in learning among children. Extraordinary things can happen when you put the right tools in the hands of communities. They flourish. They become change makers.', 'It is a road to change that leads to Matau and surrounding communities. Here, through a partnership with the Oprah Winfrey Foundation and Save the Children, Matau children are getting a safer school and a better quality education.', 'The community is partnering with Save the Children, the Rural District Council and the Ministry of Education, Sport, Art and Culture, to prepare young boys and girls for school and help older children improve their reading skills, with promising early results. It is an amazing transformation. Our teachers have been trained to keep up with this growth.', 'Matau Community has become the ripple effect of change. You can see it in change makers like the grandmothers here who volunteered and molded nearly 400,000 bricks for the newly constructed school. Molding and curing bricks is exhausting, back-breaking work but when a community owns the process, nothing can stop it. The community realizes something important is at stake: education for all children.', 'Education is the pathway out of poverty and the road to change for boys and girls alike.Tererai Trent', 'Change makers like Dendaredzi, who built the preschool center in his village, and the 346 volunteers who built preschool playgrounds made of locally available materials, and participated in parenting skills training.', 'Change makers like Veronica and 72 other trained volunteers who are promoting and leading after-school reading camps and creating handmade books.', 'Change makers like gogo (grandmother) Kawocha, who never learned to read or write but now encourages her own grandchildren to read at home. She told me in a text message sent by a village boy, "Tererai, my daughter could not read and write and died leaving orphans under my care. Now they can read at home and I get to participate in their reading, it has never been heard of until the Matau Project. It\'s a miracle." It warms my heart when I picture gogo Kawocha taking part in her grandchildren\'s education.', "But there are many more gogo Kawocha's in Africa who do not even know they can be part of the solution.", "How can we involve them, and how can we improve our children's education? What more can we do to encourage children to read at home? What more can we do to promote sending all children to school instead of out into the field to work? What more can we do to keep girls in school and out of early marriage? What more can we do to nurture girls as role models?", 'From my tiny village of Matau and all across this mother continent, we -- our communities -- have the power to bring our African children out of the darkness of illiteracy and into the light of learning. It is a light that beams brightly on progress. It is a light that lets African girls like me and Tineyi dream big. Tinogona! It is achievable.', "Learn more about the Tinogona Foundation and Save the Children's Matau Primary School Project.", 'Tererai Trent is a former child bride turned scholar, who has dedicated her life to bringing educational opportunities to disadvantaged children.', 'The doctor-turned-satirist, known as "Egypt\'s Jon Stewart," has faced lawsuits and hostility, but he says jokes can help rebuild his country.', 'Ugandan businessman Andrew Rugasira has created an international coffee brand that he says is a model for African success.', "Meet Yityish Aynaw, the Ethiopian-born Miss Israel who's ready to shine on the world stage.", 'Abedi "Pele" Ayew is a football legend whose skills on the field earned him the nickname of arguably the game\'s greatest player.', 'Ethiopian scientist Zeray Alemseged discovered "Selam," the fossil known as "the world\'s oldest child."', 'Renowned Nigerian author Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie is known for her provocative novels about life in her country.', 'Tanzanian Josephat Torner is battling for the rights of albinos, who have been attacked and killed for their body parts.', 'Ugandan midwife Esther Madudu has been chosen by AMREF to front its "Stand Up For African Mothers" campaign.', "After making millions in the U.S. with Microsoft, Patrick Awuah founded a university in Ghana to teach Africa's next leaders.", 'Aged 31, with a vast business empire, Ugandan Ashish Thakkar is heading into space with Virgin Galactic program.', "Seeing people have their limbs cut off in Sierra Leone's civil war inspired David Sengeh to create incredible bionic limbs to help amputees the world over. ", 'Judge Albie Sachs was an once an anti-apartheid activist who lost an arm to a car bomb. He helped build the new South Africa.', 'Each week African Voices brings you inspiring and compelling profiles of Africans across the continent and around the world.']