['Major Economies Meeting on Energy Security and Climate Change. After that Bush attends the 7:00 pm ET 2007  National Book Festival  gala performance and dinner at the Library of Congress. Vice President Cheney speaks at the Council for National ', "Holds press conference in Los Angeles, CA. At the White House. . . PRESIDENT BUSH -- 7 pm ET - Attends 2008  National Book Festival  Gala performance in Washington, D.C. POLITICAL NEWS STORIES ON ABCNEWS.COM ABC News' Jake Tapper and ", 'I had before, but I can certainly continue to pay attention to those countries. I hope that things like the  National Book Festival  that we started in 2001 will continue. This will be its eighth year this year, and so I hope every fall people ', 'Mall remains a place for people. Whether it is the Cherry Blossom Festival, the Smithsonian Folk Festival, the  National Book Festival , or any of the scores of cultural celebrations that occur year-round, the Mall is where people gather to enjoy ', 'Kazakhstan at the White House at 11:00 am ET. At 7:00 pm ET, the President and Mrs. Bush attend the 2006  National Book Festival  Gala Performance and Dinner at the Library of Congress before ending the day in Camp David, MD. Sean Hannity ', "First Lady Laura Bush and Librarian of Congress James Billington attend a 7:00 pm ET gala to kick off the  National Book Festival  in the LOC's Jefferson Building. (Note: look to see if the FLOTUS keeps up the pressure to get a woman on ", '00 pm: President and Mrs. Bush attend the 2003  National Book Festival  Gala, D.C. 7:00 pm: Representative Dennis will be back in D.C. tonight to attend the 2003  National Book Festival  Gala. The president stopped to talk about a variety ', 'make remarks on the economy and attend a fundraiser in Milwaukee. President and Mrs. Bush will attend the 2003  National Book Festival  Gala at the Library of Congress in D.C. on Friday evening. General Clark campaigns in Austin, Texas, this ', "economy here in Washington but there's something else that's going on starting tomorrow very big deal the  national book festival . People come from all over the country authors come and most importantly eager adults and children come to read ", "there's something else that's going on starting tomorrow very big deal the national book festival . People come from all over the country authors come and most importantly eager adults and children come to read this has been "]