['The opening of a new Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. memorial Washington has stirred up some controversy. Famed poet  Maya Angelou  blasted the monument after a quote was paraphrase Angelou who consulted on the project. Says the quote makes the civil ', 'Luther King Jr. memorial Washington has stirred up some controversy. Famed poet Maya Angelou blasted the monument after a quote was paraphrase Angelou who consulted on the project. Says the quote makes the civil rights leaders ', "Doctor  Maya Angelou  has a new cook book is called great food all day long splendidly eat smart. And you know what that's just what I did when I ", "Doctor Maya Angelou has a new cook book is called great food all day long -- splendidly eat smart. And you know what that's just ", 'The renowned poet and author celebrates her 80th birthday and magnificent career', 'other at candlelight vigils overnight, many celebrities took to social media to express their condolences. Among them  maya angelou , who tweeted, our country is grieving, each child who has been slaughtered belongs to each of us. And each slain ', 'many celebrities took to social media to express their condolences. Among them maya angelou , who tweeted, our country is grieving, each child who has been slaughtered belongs to each of us. And each slain adult is ', 'want to stop. They not listening. Reporter: Children who say they just want a future, too. I actually like reading  maya angelou , like, I like how she wrote "i know why the caged bird sings." I want to be a police officer or a doctor ', 'who say they just want a future, too. I actually like reading maya angelou , like, I like how she wrote "i know why the caged bird sings." I want to be a police officer or a ', "as the year goes on but it is extremely. Reflected but a point also about the poetry and of course we love. Doctor  Maya Angelou  and there's everything that she's written but did you have just anything but how. you know what in us listen ", "a point also about the poetry and of course we love. Doctor Maya Angelou and there's everything that she's written but did you have -- -- just anything but how. -- you know what in us ", "Clinton steadied herself with a glass of water but I think now the best. Way to that is to become president the poet  Maya Angelou  offered lofty encouragement. This and not that great friend you have seen Hillary Clinton's seemingly at Whitney ", "the best. Way to -- that is to become president the poet Maya Angelou offered lofty encouragement. This and not that great friend you have seen Hillary Clinton's seemingly at Whitney hand. Which is always with ", "selling tickets for a three day cruise to Mexico. Said the weekend it says among the celebrity actress Eartha Kitt poet  Maya Angelou  congresswoman Diane Watson and more. At 2400. Dollars it was no bargain but she figures it's for a good cause says ", "-- weekend it says among the celebrity -- actress Eartha Kitt poet Maya Angelou congresswoman Diane Watson and more. At 2400. Dollars it was no bargain but she figures it's for a good cause -- says "]