['com/thehostmovie) In "The Host," "Twilight" author  Stephenie Meyer  turns her attention from vampires to space aliens. In her written by Joe Smith of Pensacola, Fla., rather than by  Stephenie Meyer , the book never would have been adapted into a screenplay ', "'Twilight' Author Stephenie Meyer  on Teenage Alien Love in New Film and What's Next", "Stephenie Meyer 's fantasies about a lover's triangle between a teenage girl, a vampire and a werewolf who is also in love with her are as ", 'idea," said homeowner Linda Middleton. The home is nestled in the community of Forks -the same location where author  Stephenie Meyer  based her books and films-the home is fifteen minutes from Forks and sits on the peninsula. It features four bedrooms ', 'telling ABC News Radio she and her fellow "Twi-hards" have "grown as a family," and thanked "Twilight" series author  Stephanie Meyer , "because we have more friends for it." Cora explained she and her friend agreed they "can\'t wait to have kids ', "out for lines there too - advance ticket sales for the movie accounted for nearly 30-percent of MovieTickets and Fandango's Wednesday sales, according to Deadline.com . RELATED:  Stephenie Meyer  Not Ruling Out More 'Twilight' Stories", "Kristen Stewart Says She's Grown Up During Breaking Dawn Part 2 Press Conference", "universe of vampire and werewolves that the now-mega-rich  Stephenie Meyer  built from her overactive imagination. I won't spoil I was worried about it. We were very fortunate to have  Stephenie Meyer  on set for these last two movies, and I had quite a bit ", 'weeks. Will the franchise ever be revived one day? Probably not for the foreseeable future, although "Twilight" author  Stephenie Meyer  won\'t rule out the possibility. At a news conference Thursday in Beverly Hills, Calif., Meyer said she has intention ', 'Pattinson and Stewart - who play lovers in the hugely successful "Twilight" series of films based on the bestselling books by  Stephenie Meyer  - have reconciled and are living together again, Us Weekly magazine reported, citing an unnamed source. "Rob really ', 'skateboarding/surfing) OTHER Choice Book The Hunger Games trilogy, Suzanne Collins The Giver, Lois Lowry The Twilight Saga,  Stephenie Meyer  Divergent trilogy, Veronica Roth The Lucky One, Nicholas Sparks Choice Comedian Ellen DeGeneres Jimmy Fallon Andy Samberg ', 'Stewart said. Her co-star and rumored boyfriend Robert Pattinson got laughs about how he and "Twilight" creator  Stephenie Meyer  could keep the movie series going, now that his vampire character Edward Cullen and Bella are married and have a family ', 'said. Ironically, James says that "Twilight" author  Stephanie Meyer \'s books were her inspiration, even though Meyer\'s main the series choosing not to have sex. "I was inspired by  Stephanie Meyer . She just flipped this switch," James said. Notwithstanding ', "Back in the dark ages -- say, 1995, -- there was an upstart little website called Amazon.com that fancied itself as the first real online bookstore . People didn't need to try a book on or squeeze it for freshness, the logic went, so books were a natural for e-commerce. Flash forward to 2011, and", 'Church also went up, by nearly 80,000 members. With famous members like Mitt Romney, Glenn Beck and "Twilight" author  Stephanie Meyer , the church is doing more outreach to the mainstream media. The biggest competition for churches isn\'t other churches ', "everywhere time for inter species romance. But twilight grader  Stephanie Meyer  has changed all that. Capturing hearts and minds around thing bombarded by so much it's stunning to me that used  Stephanie Meyer  mega star. Is insecure. Aren't never want. I feel like ", "make teenage girls everywhere time for inter species romance. But twilight grader Stephanie Meyer has changed all that. Capturing hearts and minds around the world. -- stories are already worth billions. And is ABC's juju Chang ", "thing -- bombarded by so much it's stunning to me that used Stephanie Meyer mega star. Is insecure. Aren't -- never want. I feel like you know the -- for more famous they're whenever someone is ", "books and met and is a lot around I know a lot of are shot. And thirty anger and everything got ready for a lot of fans now  Stephanie Meyer  has a giant legion of fans and I think you'll tune up in this movie opens up congratulations. thank you very much but ", "thirty anger and everything got ready for a lot of fans now Stephanie Meyer has a giant legion of fans and I think you'll tune up in this movie opens up congratulations. -- thank you very ", 'Check out scenes from the romantic thriller "Twilight" due in theaters 12/12/08.', 'and standard and then. Every now and then I have to be  Stephanie Meyer  and going to in cameras pointed at me but general I gets how tyrant I have to forget the whole world when I do it.  Stephanie Meyer  congratulations on the success thank you for joining us ', "and standard and then. Every now and then I have to be Stephanie Meyer and going to -- in -- cameras pointed at me but general -- I gets to streaming it's cool. Leo we have ", 'I have to forget the whole world when I do it. -- Stephanie Meyer congratulations on the success thank you for joining us I want to tell me one more thing about -- Have to ask ', "parties crazed fans and eagerly awaited best sounds familiar right. No it's not the latest Harry potter book it's author  Stephanie Meyer  created another. Fantasy world that has her fans snatching the books right off the shelves. The latest came on at midnight ", "right. No it's not the latest Harry -- potter book it's author Stephanie Meyer -- created another. Fantasy world that has her fans snatching the books right off the shelves. The latest came on at midnight ", "surrounding a series of books when  Stephanie Meyer 's last novel breaking dawn hit bookstores now with her latest breaking dawn.  Stephanie Meyer  has captured her teenage fans with romance It's really amazing and.  Stephanie Meyer  was raised in Phoenix and went to ", "again. Has there been such excitement surrounding a series of books when Stephanie Meyer's last novel breaking dawn hit bookstores early this month. It sold one point three million copies. In the first day. ABC's Brian ", 'less than three years ago and now with her latest breaking dawn. Stephanie Meyer has captured her teenage fans with a series of books. Average girl named Bella Swan who falls in love with the luminous ', "-- sneak up in that passionate romance -- It's really amazing and. Stephanie Meyer was raised in Phoenix and went to Brigham Young University she's Mormon and now the mother of three young children. See you ", 'than $3 billion worldwide. Now,  stephenie meyer  brings us another hotly anticipated chicago. We\'re excited to have  stephenie meyer  back with us this morning. You brought on friday. You can see more with  stephenie meyer  on "night line" tonight with juju ', "a box office bran chiz, grossing their than $3 billion worldwide. Now, stephenie meyer brings us another hotly anticipated, other-worldly romance. We've been invaded by another species who erase our minds and take our bodies. Reporter: ", 'morning america," juju cha chang, abc news, chicago. We\'re excited to have stephenie meyer back with us this morning. You brought a few friends. Man, you have done it again. I told you before we came ', 'you. "The most" opens nationwide on friday. You can see more with stephenie meyer on "night line" tonight with juju. ']