['Salman Rushdie\'s "Joseph Anton": Death Warrant, Secret Police, 9 Years in Hiding', 'Rushdie\'s new memoir chronicles years living with death threats for writing "The Satanic Verses"', "We have read about  Salman Rushdie 's trials for almost two years we know about the death sentence imposed by the late Ayatollah Khomeini. What we don't know ", "We have read about Salman Rushdie's trials for almost two years we know about the death sentence imposed by the late Ayatollah Khomeini. What we don't know is ", 'You may remember the world acclaimed novelist  Salman Rushdie  wrote his book the  satanic verses  the Ayatollah Khomeini in Iran issued a death threat against him. It has since been reversed but there was international outrage ', 'You may remember -- the world acclaimed novelist Salman Rushdie wrote his book the satanic verses the Ayatollah Khomeini in Iran issued a death threat against him. It has since been reversed but there was international outrage and ', "Writer some has risked his life literally for his literature. For years he lived in hiding because of a death threat from the Islamic leaders of Iran. But the celebrated writer is also loving parent and is that part of his life his newest book Luka and the fire of life. Here's our conversation", 'fact walked. Often perceived as an Islamic death sentence after Ayatollah Khomeini ordered Muslims to kill novelist  Salman Rushdie . A fox what is nothing more than just one clerics opinion. You could issue a fatwa that Coke is evil and you should ', 'an Islamic death sentence after Ayatollah Khomeini ordered Muslims to kill novelist Salman Rushdie . A fox what is nothing more than just one clerics opinion. You could issue a fatwa that Coke is evil and you ', "lucky You might know a He is that hosted the reality. Smashed top on Bravo. Or for three year marriage to author  Salman Rushdie . Or more recently you may have seen the multiple newspaper headlines about the fact she won't identify the father ", "Smashed top -- on Bravo. Or for three year marriage to author Salman Rushdie . Or more recently you may have seen the multiple newspaper headlines about the fact she won't identify the father of her newborn ", "burger. You might know He hosted the reality. Smashed top chef on problems. Or for her three year marriage to author  Salman Rushdie . more recently you may have seen the multiple newspaper headlines about the fact she won't identify the father of ", "top chef on problems. Or for her three year marriage to author Salman Rushdie . -- more recently you may have seen the multiple newspaper headlines about the fact she won't identify the father of her newborn "]