['NBC Politics: After DOMA, gay couples still would not receive many federal benefits', 'The Supreme Court&rsquo;s Windsor v. United States decision, which ruled a key part of the Defense of Marriage Act (DOMA) &ldquo;unconstitutional,&rdquo; was celebrated across the country by the gay-rights community, but gay-rights advocates warn that same-sex couples may not be&nbsp;&hellip;', 'TrendingTunisiaUnited AirlinesretireesGeneral MotorsAfghanistaneurosNBCNews.com homeBrowseVideoPhotos', "The president's decision not to fight the Defense of Marriage Act in federal court allowed the administration to fully own the Supreme Court's DOMA decision. Chris Hayes talks with his panel about what this ruling could have felt like if history were different.", 'A boy holds a sign as he attends a rally in support of the United States Supreme Court decision on marriage rights in San Diego,', 'A boy holds a sign and squints into the sun as he attends a rally in support of the United States Supreme Court decision on marriage rights in San Diego, California June 26, 2013. The U.S. Supreme Court delivered a landmark victory for gay rights on Wednesday by forcing the federal government to rec', 'People take part in a gay rights rally following the U.S. Supreme Court strike down of the Defense of Marriage Act, in Fort Lauderdale', "Terry Decarlo  and Bill Huelsman of Wilton Manors take part in a rally by gay rights activists following the U.S. Supreme Court's 5-4 ruling, striking down as unconstitutional the Defense of Marriage Act , in Fort Lauderdale, Florida June 26, 2013. REUTERS/Joe Skipper", "Mounted police officers ride past a gay rights rally following the U.S. Supreme Court's strike down of the Defense of Marriage Act, in Fort Lauderdale", "Mounted Fort Lauderdale police officers ride past a rally by gay rights activists following the U.S. Supreme Court's 5-4 ruling, striking down as unconstitutional the Defense of Marriage Act , in Fort Lauderdale, Florida June 26, 2013. REUTERS/Joe Skipper"]