['Put  Salman Rushdie , Martin Amis and Ian McEwan on a stage novels, both now out in paperback.  Rushdie  handled the introductions and the question curse words and winks to the past.  Rushdie  mentioned an old game they liked to play ', 'if he had known that Islam endorsed the 1980s fatwa on  Salman Rushdie . Islam appeared on Stewart\'s "Rally to Restore Sanity" in 2010, and an upset  Rushdie  called Stewart after the show. "Death for free speech ', 'person. I love to be held. I love massages. I\'m just not a Hallmark kind of gal." On her three-year marriage to  Salman Rushdie : "Now there is somebody who has great wit and is a great flirt. I don\'t regret a day I spent with Salman, but ', 'Bosnia, the London terror attacks and the Royal Wedding, and has interviewed thousands, including Margaret Thatcher,  Salman Rushdie  and Richard Branson. Most recently Rivers covered the tragic terror attacks in Oslo, Norway and the dramatic conclusion ', "name police as publicly as author  Salman Rushdie . In November, Facebook froze proof that he was in fact Mr.  Rushdie . After he sent in a picture of Facebook has buckled! I'm  Salman Rushdie  again. I feel SO much better ", 'and has over 48,000 followers. She follows 230 people, including fellow authors Beverly Cleary, Elmore Leonard,  Salman Rushdie  and Delia Ephron; actors Zooey Deschanel, Ellen Barkin, Kevin Bacon and Steve Martin; journalists Frank Rich and ', 'broke with the left in 1989, when Iran\'s Ayatollah Khomeini issued a fatwa against author  Salman Rushdie , claiming his novel "The  Satanic Verses " defamed Islam. In what would be a recurring theme in his work, Hitchens argued that liberals ', 'you might know as the host of Bravo\'s reality-TV hit "Top Chef," or for her three-year marriage to author  Salman Rushdie , or for her sexy hamburger commercial for Carl\'s Jr. But while many are stuck staring, Lakshmi has her eyes on ', "not always ending up with beautiful people, writer  Salman Rushdie  stepped out Tuesday night in New York with Min Lieskovsky forever getting lucky in the hot lady department. Name:  Salman Rushdie  Claim To Fame: Prolific, award-winning writer who's ", 'Salman Rushdie\'s  "Joseph Anton": Death Warrant, Secret Police, 9 Years in Hiding', 'I recently spoke to the author  Salman Rushdie . Whose novel the  satanic verses . a fatwa a religious edict by the Ayatollah Khomeini the leader of Iran. Who accuse him of blasphemy. Just insulting Islam and ', 'I recently spoke to the author Salman Rushdie . Whose novel the satanic verses . -- -- a fatwa a religious edict by the Ayatollah Khomeini the leader of Iran. Who accuse him of blasphemy. Just -- ', "We have read about  Salman Rushdie 's trials for almost two years we know about the death sentence imposed by the late Ayatollah Khomeini. What we don't know ", "We have read about Salman Rushdie's trials for almost two years we know about the death sentence imposed by the late Ayatollah Khomeini. What we don't know is ", 'You may remember the world acclaimed novelist  Salman Rushdie  wrote his book the  satanic verses  the Ayatollah Khomeini in Iran issued a death threat against him. It has since been reversed but there was international outrage ', 'You may remember -- the world acclaimed novelist Salman Rushdie wrote his book the satanic verses the Ayatollah Khomeini in Iran issued a death threat against him. It has since been reversed but there was international outrage and ', "Writer some has risked his life literally for his literature. For years he lived in hiding because of a death threat from the Islamic leaders of Iran. But the celebrated writer is also loving parent and is that part of his life his newest book Luka and the fire of life. Here's our conversation", 'fact walked. Often perceived as an Islamic death sentence after Ayatollah Khomeini ordered Muslims to kill novelist  Salman Rushdie . A fox what is nothing more than just one clerics opinion. You could issue a fatwa that Coke is evil and you should ', 'an Islamic death sentence after Ayatollah Khomeini ordered Muslims to kill novelist Salman Rushdie . A fox what is nothing more than just one clerics opinion. You could issue a fatwa that Coke is evil and you ', "lucky You might know a He is that hosted the reality. Smashed top on Bravo. Or for three year marriage to author  Salman Rushdie . Or more recently you may have seen the multiple newspaper headlines about the fact she won't identify the father ", "Smashed top -- on Bravo. Or for three year marriage to author Salman Rushdie . Or more recently you may have seen the multiple newspaper headlines about the fact she won't identify the father of her newborn "]