['ABC\'s White House Correspondent discusses his book "The Outpost: An Untold Story of American Valor."', "is a forcing depicted you know intellect that obviously is not her. You know there's a phrase from a column by  Rudyard Kipling  that says if you can bury his mission to tour you've spoken twisted by nature to make a trap for fools. We're ", "is not her. You know there's a phrase from a column by Rudyard Kipling that says if you can bury his mission to tour you've spoken twisted by nature to make a trap for fools. We're ", "higher herbal you know if He comes off the track record of a huge hit show. If he's clean that's a bigger if than  Rudyard Kipling  ever used he's gonna work and he's gonna make a lot of money working silence of the promise getting insurance ", "a huge hit show. If he's clean that's a bigger if than Rudyard Kipling ever used he's gonna work and he's gonna make a lot of money working silence of the promise getting insurance for guys ", 'for the food shall love those respect. It sounds good but these animals see it that way for free conflict. And the  Rudyard Kipling  once said words are the most powerful drug use by mankind will have so. This is the story of a full blown addict ', 'see it that way for -- free conflict. And -- -- the Rudyard Kipling once said words are the most powerful drug use by mankind will have so. This is the story of a full blown ', 'in the appropriate forum. In a court of law. And when I do I am absolutely certain. That I will be vindicated.  Rudyard Kipling  wrote. If you can keep your head when all about you are losing theirs and blaming it on you if you can trust yourself ', 'when I do I am absolutely certain. That I will be vindicated. Rudyard Kipling wrote. If you can keep your head when all about you are losing theirs and blaming it on you if you can ', "when He appeared before the press for the first time He didn't answer any questions but He did recites poetry of.  Rudyard Kipling  wrote. If you can keep your head when all of Bob you are losing theirs and blaming it you if you can trust yourself ", "time He didn't answer any questions but He did recites poetry of. Rudyard Kipling wrote. If you can keep your head when all of Bob you are losing theirs and blaming it -- you if you ", "when He appeared before the press for the first time He didn't answer any questions but He did recites poetry of.  Rudyard Kipling  wrote. If you can keep your head when all of Bob you are losing theirs and blaming it on you if you can trust yourself ", 'quick way out seems would be for Blagojevich to resign. this poetry quoting tough guy does not sound ready to go.  Rudyard Kipling  wrote if you can keep your head when all of Bob you are losing theirs and blaming it you if you can trust yourself ', '-- this poetry quoting tough guy does not sound ready to go. Rudyard Kipling wrote if you can keep your head when all of Bob you are losing theirs and blaming it -- you if you ', "children she is a forcing depicted in intellect that obviously is not her. You know there's a phrase from a by  Rudyard Kipling  that says if you can barely hear mission to tour you've spoken twisted by nature to make a trap for fools. We're ", "is not her. You know there's a phrase from a -- by Rudyard Kipling that says if you can barely hear mission to tour you've spoken twisted by nature to make a trap for fools. We're ", 'advice to the Democrats and Senator Obama suddenly thrown off balance a demoralized by hurricane Palin. Is barred from  Rudyard Kipling  is famous If you can keep your head and all about you are losing there. You see perhaps the greatest damage selection ', 'suddenly thrown off balance a demoralized by hurricane Palin. Is barred from Rudyard Kipling is famous -- If you can keep your head and all about you are losing there. You see perhaps the greatest damage ']