['classic children\'s literature is not limited to Germany, of course. In the first edition of  Roald Dahl \'s " Charlie and the Chocolate Factory ," published in the United States in 1964, the Oompa-Loompas were Pygmies brought by Willy Wonka ', 'the name of pop songster and composer Randy Newman, you may know the music he created for such films as The Natural ,  James and the Giant Peach  , and Meet the Parents as well as Pixar hits like Toy Story and Toy Story 2, among others. In 2012, Newman released ', 'of pop songster and composer Randy Newman, you might know the music he created for such films as "The Natural," " James and the Giant Peach ," and "Meet the Parents," as well as Pixar hits like "Toy Story" and "Toy Story 2," among others. In 2012 ', 'her official website, and had her first big break portraying Violet Beauregarde in Tim Burton\'s " Charlie and the Chocolate Factory " in 2006. Since then she has had major parts in Hollywood fare like "Bridge to Terabithia," "Race ', 'Wendy and Lucy" and "Syriana" 7. The Answers 1 -- E. Meryl Streep played Mrs. Fox to Clooney Mr. Fox in 2009\'s " Fantastic Mr .  Fox ." 2 -- D. Nicole Kidman starred in 1997\'s "The Peacemaker" with Clooney. 3 -- E. Octavia Spencer appeared on ', 'Winfrey he " was writing a lot of poetry in high school and even getting it published." And he says his inspiration is " Roald Dahl , whose books got me reading and influenced my dark sense of humor." 2. It took him until college to get into acting ', 'greatest attractions are deformed people. And remember those Oompa Loompas in the 1971 version of " Charlie and the Chocolate Factory "? But in these slightly more evolved times, there are few places where you can still see this kind ', 'Quentin Tarantino ("Inglourious Basterds") Lee Daniels ("Precious") Best Animated Feature Film "Coraline" " Fantastic Mr .  Fox " "The Princess and the Frog" "The Secret of Kells" "Up" Best Original Screenplay Mark Boal ("The Hurt Locker ', 'potential for an upset. "Up" is considered the front-runner, like other previous Pixar films. But Wes Anderson\'s " Fantastic Mr .  Fox " is a critics\' favorite. "\'Up\' is almost the safe choice, whereas \'Mr. Fox\' is something different," Belloni ', 'alongside Owen Wilson and Adrien Brody. Anderson subsequently cast Schwartzman in his upcoming animated film, "The  Fantastic Mr .  Fox ," which co-stars George Clooney, Meryl Streep and Murray. Schwartzman voiced the son of Clooney\'s Mr. Fox character ', "featured in an American Express commercial. Anderson is currently working on an animated film based on the role book the  fantastic mr .  fox . And searches for the shortest president are rising as well we're not really sure why but for the record the shortest ", "on an animated film based on the role -- -- book the fantastic mr . fox . And searches for the shortest president are rising as well we're not really sure why but for the record the shortest president ", "be featured in an American Express commercial. Anderson is currently working on an animated film based on the book the  fantastic mr .  fox . And searches for the shortest president are rising as well we're not really sure why but for the record the shortest ", "on an animated film based on the -- -- -- book the fantastic mr . fox . And searches for the shortest president are rising as well we're not really sure why but for the record the shortest president ", 'Little people have been used by Hollywood too. Remember those adorable in in the 1971. Version of  Charlie and the chocolate factory . But slightly more at all times there are few places where you can still this kind of entertainment ', 'too. Remember those adorable in -- -- in the 1971. Version of Charlie and the chocolate factory . But slightly more at all times there are few places where you can still -- this kind of entertainment. Online critics have ', 'mine. Little people have been used by Hollywood too. Remember those adorable in the 1971. Version of  Charlie and the chocolate factory . But slightly more volatile times there are few places where He intends to this kind of entertainment ', 'too. Remember those adorable -- -- -- in the 1971. Version of Charlie and the chocolate factory . But -- slightly more volatile times there are few places where He intends to this kind of entertainment. Online critics have slammed ', "that are more spoiled and selfish but is that true. She's the quintessential only child assault of  Charlie and the chocolate factory . I to pay me she personifies the myth that the spoiled brat and little monster of an only child but ", "but is that true. She's the quintessential only child -- assault of Charlie and the chocolate factory . -- I -- -- to pay me she personifies the myth that the spoiled brat and little monster of an only child "]