["Georgetown's run of early NCAA exits is over. The Hoyas are hanging around this March.Jason Clark scored 21 points, Otto Porter added 16 and Georgetown's ruthless de...", 'All Times EST America East Conference At SEFCU Arena Albany, N.Y. First Round Friday, March 8Hartford 68, Binghamton 53UMBC vs. Vermont, 2:30 p.m.Albany (N.Y.) vs. M...', 'All Times EST America East Conference At SEFCU Arena Albany, N.Y. First Round Friday, March 8Hartford vs. Binghamton, NoonUMBC vs. Vermont, 2:30 p.m.Albany (N.Y.) vs...', 'All Times EST America East Conference At SEFCU Arena Albany, N.Y. First Round Friday, March 8Hartford vs. Binghamton, NoonUMBC vs. Vermont, 2:30 p.m.Albany (N.Y.) vs...', 'All Times EST America East Conference At SEFCU Arena Albany, N.Y. First Round Friday, March 8Hartford 68, Binghamton 53Vermont 47, UMBC 43New Hampshire 49, Stony Bro...', 'All Times EST America East Conference At SEFCU Arena Albany, N.Y. First Round Saturday, March 9Vermont 61, New Hampshire 42UMBC 69, Hartford 62Stony Brook 72, Bingha...', 'All Times EST America East Conference At SEFCU Arena Albany, N.Y. First Round Saturday, March 9Vermont vs. New Hampshire, NoonHartford vs. UMBC, 2:30 p.m.Stony Brook...', 'All Times EST America East Conference At SEFCU Arena Albany, N.Y. First Round Saturday, March 9Vermont vs. New Hampshire, NoonHartford vs. UMBC, 2:30 p.m.Stony Brook...', 'Mercer watches another team celebrate on its court, losing to FGCU 88-75 in A-Sun title game', 'Mercer is tired of watching other teams celebrate on its court.For the fourth year in a row, the Bears hosted the Atlantic Sun tournament. But they keep coming up sh...', "And here we go.Each of the 68 lines on sports' greatest geometric structure is filled with a team that earned its way into March Madness , either through a season's ...", 'The Georgetown Hoyas will look to continue seed, battling the red-hot Wolfpack of NC State this afternoon at Nationwide Arena .The Hoyas did as expected on Friday ag...', "The NCAA Tournament selection committee did both a great and terrible job in picking the 68 teams that make up the field of this year's annual event.Luckily, it got ...", 'Kendall Marshall is the most important player in college basketball this season.Glowing reviews and preseason accolades have been heaped on Harrison Barnes and North...', 'PittsburghPittsburgh, 27-5.Nickname: Panthers. Coach: Jamie Dixon .Conference: Big East. Bid: At large.Region: Southeast. Seed: No. 1.Tournament Record: 22-23, 22 ye...', "- The SEC's loss is the Mountain West's gain.During this college basketball season, up is down, Boise State is in and the defending national champion Kentucky Wildca...", 'The ninth-ranked Kansas Jayhawks close out a three-game homestand on Tuesday, as they take on the Richmond Spiders in non- conference action at the Allen Fieldhouse....', 'NCAA tournament guide: A rundown of what to look for as March Madness gets into full swing', 'The NCAA tournament will not have a repeat champion for the sixth straight season. Kentucky made sure of that by failing to make the field of 68.Beyond that, nothing...', 'Every hoops junkie quivers at the very thought of NCAA bids warranted based on evidence spit out by computers."Watch the games!" they bellow. "Talk to coaches," they...']