["Revenge. beaufortpyrateinvasion.com Llandoger Trow PubBristol, England As the backdrop for much of  Robert Louis Stevenson 's  Treasure Island , Bristol is said to be the birthplace of Blackbeard, one of the era's most feared pirates. It ", 'has stunning beaches and from what I was told, the largest coconut plantations in the world.  Robert Louis Stevenson , who wrote  Treasure Island  and Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde, lived out his life in Samoa and his home has been retained as ', "Portree Harbor on the Scottish Isle of Skye. The Harbour has seen many famous faces including Prince Charles and  Robert Louis Stevenson . The menu takes advantage of the restaurant's easy access to fresh seafood with cuisine that the Web site describes ", 'investment gains." The Imp in the Bottle A quite different illustration of our short-sightedness comes courtesy of  Robert Louis Stevenson \'s "The Imp in the Bottle." The story tells of a genie in a bottle able and willing to satisfy your every ', 'a passionate reader who loved military history and poetry. He had his father\'s favorite poem memorized --  Robert Louis Stevenson \'s "Requiem." \'John Wayne McCain\' But the short kid was also the kind of wrestler who could pin an opponent ', 'Buffet wrote the song "Cheeseburger in Paradise." Day Two: Norman Island Norman Island was  Robert Louis Stevenson \'s inspiration for " Treasure Island ," and locals still insist there\'s a fortune buried somewhere. This is an ideal spot ', 'doctors who experiment on themselves may conjure up memories of the late Dr. Jekyll, the creation of writer  Robert Louis Stevenson , who, in an attempt to distill his evil and good natures, ends up turning himself into the monstrous Mr. Hyde ', 'Without her he already felt like one of two pieces of electrical tape pulled apart. He could not risk a mistake.  Robert Louis Stevenson , he read in his Letters, called marriage "a sort of friendship recognized by the police." Charmed, Maytree ', 'to keep us from being our own Ponzis. Imp in a Bottle As I wrote in "A Mathematician Reads the Newspaper,"  Robert Louis Stevenson \'s story "The Imp in the Bottle" provides a fictional illustration of the psychology behind one sort of dismissal ', 'Poems and Prayers for the Very Young, which included selections from Emerson, Robert Browning, Victor Hugo,  Robert Louis Stevenson , William Blake, and Samuel Taylor Coleridge, was, after the Bible, our most frequently used textbook. The ', "C+ Treasure Planet What a brilliant idea: retelling  Treasure Island  in outer space, complete with Long John Silver sailing spellbinding. Having the artists spin the design off from  Robert Louis Stevenson 's 19th century Britain is another piece of genius ", "have you come I'll always features. And it didn't. But the double checked today we asked the expert. And  Robert Louis Stevenson  elementary school misses school buildings fourth and fifth grade class and we're gonna play game name that The ", "it didn't. But the double checked today we asked the expert. And Robert Louis Stevenson elementary school misses school buildings fourth and fifth grade class and we're gonna play game -- name that -- The Beatles are "]