['Familiar with the  hunger games  I talk about the book a movie called the  hunger games  and suddenly the room people realize that the  author Suzanne Collins  supported diploma Libya need to know about the  hunger games  you matter what side ', "he did not but it's very important for people realize that the author Suzanne Collins supported diploma Libya is kind of addition -- to it. Because it just -- amplified when she was retribution. Jennifer Lawrence. You ", "before reality TV is taken to a terrible went. And  Suzanne Collins  he wrote scifi trilogy found the inspiration by writing back. Content in. So very ago we should all of the  hunger games . But here's a surprise I gave this film just three ", "-- in. So very ago we should all -- -- of the hunger games . But here's a surprise I gave this film just three and a half stars just because -- really think that they should ", "the games Begin the  hunger games  and tonight there's get a glimpse of the  hunger games  then In the slaying The movie is based on  Suzanne collins ' best selling book lead character in the  hunger games . Doesn't need anyone's ", "Let the games Begin the hunger games and tonight there's a brand new heroin -- -- the big screen. Here's Abbie Boudreau. Crazed fan up outside the century city California home just get a glimpse of the hunger games then -- In the slaying but -- -- this kind of fanatical frenzy. Vampires and -- moves in the twilight. -- -- and witches and Harry Potter and without. But no break out your -- -- -- for the post apocalyptic survival story. -- -- -- The movie is based on Suzanne collins' best selling book trilogy there are -- -- -- 3.5 million books in print in the US. And advance ticket sales have ", 'particulate just helping novels and one of the heat hot titles of the summer is. The mocking mocking by  Suzanne Collins  which is the last in the  hunger games  trilogy. And it is very hotly anticipated unfortunately fans are gonna have to wait until August ', 'hot titles of the summer is. The mocking -- mocking -- by Suzanne Collins which is the last in the hunger games trilogy. And it is very hotly anticipated unfortunately fans are gonna have to wait until August 24 the find out what happened ']