['a woman trying to keep her head above water, financially and mentally, and as such, it\'s a clear homage to  Tennessee Williams \' "A Streetcar Named Desire" and his tragically unstable Blanche DuBois. Some might quibble with how much Allen ', 'Broadway stage. Underwood makes his Broadway debut  Tennessee Williams \' classic play "Streetcar Named Desire," as the audience, I jump at it." "It\'s Broadway, it\'s  Tennessee Williams , it\'s \'Streetcar,\' it\'s Stanley - it just ', 'A View from the Bridge," Eugene O\'Neill\'s "The Iceman Cometh" and "The Fugitive Kind," based on the  Tennessee Williams \' "Orpheus Descending." But one of his most famous adaptations was of O\'Neil\'s "Long Day\'s Journey Into ', "and a former Spanish colony. It's long attracted artists, bohemians and politicians, most famously playwright  Tennessee Williams  and author Ernest Hemingway. Hemingway, who was introduced to his passion for fishing here, worked on several of ", 'nation\'s self-proclaimed "oldest art colony" and former stage to playwrights like to Eugene O\'Neill and  Tennessee Williams . It has also been named the nation\'s "best gay resort town" and a "number one destination" for same-sex ', 'the nation\'s self-proclaimed oldest art colony and former stage to such playwrights as Eugene O\'Neill and  Tennessee Williams . It prides itself on being the first landing for the Mayflower, where Pilgrims penned the "compact" that would ', 'the nation\'s self-proclaimed oldest art colony and former stage to such playwrights as Eugene O\'Neill and  Tennessee Williams . It prides itself on being the first landing for the Mayflower, where Pilgrims penned the "compact" that would ', 'This Is It" ratifies that greatness with puttin\'-it-together realism. It still feels sad. Because like  Tennessee Williams \' Blanche DuBois, Michael Jackson didn\'t want realism, he wanted magic. No one sought more assiduously to astonish ', 'and Allen Team Up in the Theatre The sisters, who say they are best friends, are teaming up on a new version of  Tennessee Williams \' classic play "Cat on a Hot Tin Roof," with Allen directing her sister, who doesn\'t look the part of Big ', 'bothers me because what do you expect. When I didn\'t do it in \'Kill Bill 1,\' they criticized me. If you go to a  Tennessee Williams  play, do you complain it\'s talky?" Violence on the other hand doesn\'t bother Tarantino. Despite the graphic ', "I haven't seen you there. We are so there. Ask really nicely, though. You know, this is an iconic play,  tennessee williams , how does it feel to follow in the footsteps of the greats, marlon brando. It's intimidating to say the least ", "there. Ask really nicely, though. You know, this is an iconic play, tennessee williams , how does it feel to follow in the footsteps of the greats, marlon brando. It's intimidating to say the least. What most ", "southern that Harrison lost  Tennessee Williams  screenplay. Britain in the isn't even thinking same hair  Tennessee Williams  seen him that had to be a thrill no action being a woman in a  Tennessee Williams  Insists eight you know there's ", "diamond she plays a rebellious young the southern that Harrison -- lost Tennessee Williams screenplay. Britain in the late 1950s -- never made it to the big screen until -- He had a few -- This isn't even -- -- thinking same hair Tennessee Williams seen him that had to be a thrill to do some of his work I'll I'll I couldn't believe that I mean ", "you know it's. I mean no action being a woman in a Tennessee Williams -- Insists eight you know there's nothing to really compare it ten. -- once again you brought it you have an event ", "and I'm talking about loss to the kid got done. In the year ago there I went there but I all right I enjoyed  Tennessee Williams . That people like to say it's from played his but it's not its promises that's justice and but what I see ", "ago there I went there but I all right I enjoyed -- Tennessee Williams . That people like to say it's from played his but it's not its promises that's justice and but what I see and ", 'and top policy. Over the decades prominent guests include Rudolph Valentino Spencer Tracy Katharine Hepburn. and  Tennessee Williams  to me. And then came the residence in the. him hard hit presidential eat with twelve US presidents from Taft are ', 'decades prominent guests include Rudolph Valentino Spencer Tracy Katharine Hepburn. -- and Tennessee Williams to me. And then came the residence in the. -- him hard hit -- presidential eat with twelve US presidents from Taft ', "chest. And if you don't think twice as here on the waterfront. Then Kazan cast him as Archie Lee in another  Tennessee Williams  classic baby doll. Loud. In all Malden made some fifty films almost always playing counterpoint to the lead character ", '-- -- -- Then Kazan cast him as Archie Lee in another Tennessee Williams classic baby doll. Loud. In all Malden made some fifty films almost always playing counterpoint to the lead character as important Harvey ', "child by a man who cannot stand you. He was certainly thirties when He burst off the screen in 1958 adaptation of  Tennessee williams ' on a hot tin roof. smoldering. What is. The victory in the cat caught in the. Just cannot countenance. Now ", "certainly thirties when He burst off the screen in 1958 adaptation of Tennessee williams' -- on a hot tin roof. -- smoldering. What is. The victory in the cat caught in the. Just cannot countenance. Now "]