["The American soldiers stormed into the Afghan family's compound in the middle of the night, kicking in doors and shouting. They ordered everyone into the yard, bound their hands, covered their heads and interrogated them for hours before taking away three men who had done nothing wrong.Full story", 'The U.S. military says an American soldier has been killed during operations in southern Iraq. Full story', 'With Osama bin Laden dead, what will happen to the futures of al-Qaida and the U.S. troops in Afghanistan? A political panel discusses. ', 'From Afghanistan to Pakistan, officials are reportedly angling for a key role in shaping the future of its neighbor once U.S. troops start moving out in July. Amb. Husain Haqqani discusses.', "Responding to intense pressure, the Pentagon is moving Bradley Manning, the Army private suspectedof giving classified data to WikiLeaks, from the Marine Corps brig at Quantico-Virginia to the Army prison at Fort Leavenworth, in Kansas. NBC's Jim Miklaszewski reports. ", 'The black beret, which proved deeply unpopular with American soldiers, will be replaced by a patrol cap', ' In this undated US Army released filed phoro shows US Army Sgt. 1st Class Jeff Myhre sports the new Army Combat Uniform .  The US Army is abandoning the beret, after a failed 10-year experiment.  The black beret, which proved deeply unpopular with American soldiers, will be replaced by a patrol cap', "epa02714400 US President Barack Obama delivers remarks on the death of Osama Bin Laden prior to posthumously awarding Private First Class Anthony Kaho'ohanohano, US Army, and Private First Class Henry Svehla, US Army, the Medal of Honor for conspicuous gallantry, in the East Room of the White House ", '= RESTRICTED TO EDITORIAL USE - MANDATORY CREDIT "AFP PHOTO / DoD  " - NO MARKETING NO ADVERTISING CAMPAIGNS - DISTRIBUTED AS A SERVICE TO CLIENTS =This aerial photo released May 2, 2011 by the Pentagon, Department of Defense shows a 2011 view of the compound in Abbottbad, Pakistan where a US mili', 'Army soldiers stand over the coffins of Frontier Corps personnel before their funeral prayers in Peshawar, Pakistan', 'Army soldiers stand over the coffins of Frontier Corps personnel before their funeral prayers in Peshawar on March 29, 2011. Thirteen members of the Pakistani Frontier Corps, including a colonel, were killed in an apparent friendly fire incident in a northwestern region infested with al Qaeda and Ta']