['to promote "The  Hunger Games Catching Fire ." The Capitol Couture Summerville. Based on  Suzanne Collins \' best-selling series, The  Hunger Games  films take place in the series, " Catching Fire ," Oscar winner ', 'both past and present, perhaps most notably  Suzanne Collins ,  author  of "The  Hunger Games " series, and Bruce Jenner, the 1976 Summer ER\'s" Anthony Edwards and illustrator and  author  William Hamilton Gibson have also called the ', 'by E.L. James 5. "The  Hunger Games ," by  Suzanne Collins  6. "The Girl Who Played With Darker," by E.L. James 8. " Catching Fire ," by  Suzanne Collins  9. " Mockingjay ," by  Suzanne Collins  10. "The Help," by Kathryn ', "calligraphy and keyboarding. The art courses, however, are the most popular. Also popular are the novels in  Suzanne Collins 's  Hunger Games  trilogy, a young adult fantasy series about a violent post-apocalyptic world whose citizens are subjugated ", 'downtrodden community of District 12 in the film "The  Hunger Games ." Wade Shepherd, 83, is selling the 72-acre property 1977, but no matter to die-hard fans of the book by  Suzanne Collins  and the film, which topped the box office for three ', 'school choice, and stop the " hunger games " caused by unemployement in her reference to the popular teen novel by  Suzanne Collins . Despite the hot pink blazer as the main character of the " Hunger Games " novel, Katniss Everdeen. Amid ', 'A Man Liam Hemsworth, The  Hunger Games  Kellan Lutz, The Twilight Female Elizabeth Banks, The  Hunger Games  Ashley Greene, The Twilight surfing) OTHER Choice Book The  Hunger Games  trilogy,  Suzanne Collins  The Giver, Lois Lowry The ', 'downtrodden community of District 12 in the film "The  Hunger Games ." Wade Shepherd, 83, is selling the 72-acre property 1977, but no matter to die-hard fans of the book by  Suzanne Collins  and the film, which topped the box office for three ', 'downtrodden community of District 12 in the film "The  Hunger Games ." Wade Shepard, 83, is selling the 72-acre property 1977, but no matter to die-hard fans of the book by  Suzanne Collins  and the film, which has topped the box office for ', 'plush look. "The  Hunger Games ": Five Things jacket, trademark  mockingjay  pin, braid and release, the " Hunger Games " book trilogy by  author Suzanne Collins  has sold more than editions. The " Hunger Games " movie has stayed ', 'Still hungry for "The  Hunger Games "? If owning a "Katniss" Barbie District 12 in the film, "The  Hunger Games ." Wade Shepard, 83, is selling die-hard fans of the book by  Suzanne Collins  and the film, which has topped ', 'archery expertise to dominate the  Hunger Games , a violent competition in death. In addition to "The  Hunger Games ," a slew of upcoming movies happening is that with "The  Hunger Games " books,  Suzanne Collins  has really made archery popular ', 'Lawrence\'s new movie, "The  Hunger Games ," earned $155 million a nonsequel, "The  Hunger Games " set a revenue record movie adaptation of  author Suzanne Collins \' wildly popular teen here to see stars of " Hunger Games " "It was a huge decision ', 'idea the movie the  hunger games  opens on Friday based the books reclusive  author Suzanne Collins . And it turns out old mother of two.  Suzanne Collins  has never done a TV the inspiration for  hunger games  trilogy in this video ', "Where do you get a billion dollar idea the movie the hunger games opens on Friday based on the best -- series of books on track to be the -- One of the highest grossing films of the year cast has been mobbed by frenzied fans. But despite the series phenomenal success no one's heard from the books reclusive author Suzanne Collins . And it turns out her own biography help shape the story's dark landscape. ABC's Dan Harris reports. If you look closely during this frenzied Hollywood premiere. You -- catch a fleeting glimpse of her the woman who made this all happened media shy 49 year old mother of two. Suzanne Collins has never done a TV interview. But we do get a rare insight into her and the inspiration for -- hunger games trilogy in this video from her publisher scholastic. I was flipping through. Images of reality television where there were these young people ", 'Familiar with the  hunger games  I talk about the book a movie called the  hunger games  and suddenly the room people realize that the  author Suzanne Collins  supported diploma Libya need to know about the  hunger games  you matter what side ', "he did not but it's very important for people realize that the author Suzanne Collins supported diploma Libya is kind of addition -- to it. Because it just -- amplified when she was retribution. Jennifer Lawrence. You ", "before reality TV is taken to a terrible went. And  Suzanne Collins  he wrote scifi trilogy found the inspiration by writing back. Content in. So very ago we should all of the  hunger games . But here's a surprise I gave this film just three ", "-- in. So very ago we should all -- -- of the hunger games . But here's a surprise I gave this film just three and a half stars just because -- really think that they should ", "the games Begin the  hunger games  and tonight there's get a glimpse of the  hunger games  then In the slaying The movie is based on  Suzanne collins ' best selling book lead character in the  hunger games . Doesn't need anyone's ", "Let the games Begin the hunger games and tonight there's a brand new heroin -- -- the big screen. Here's Abbie Boudreau. Crazed fan up outside the century city California home just get a glimpse of the hunger games then -- In the slaying but -- -- this kind of fanatical frenzy. Vampires and -- moves in the twilight. -- -- and witches and Harry Potter and without. But no break out your -- -- -- for the post apocalyptic survival story. -- -- -- The movie is based on Suzanne collins' best selling book trilogy there are -- -- -- 3.5 million books in print in the US. And advance ticket sales have ", 'particulate just helping novels and one of the heat hot titles of the summer is. The mocking mocking by  Suzanne Collins  which is the last in the  hunger games  trilogy. And it is very hotly anticipated unfortunately fans are gonna have to wait until August ', 'hot titles of the summer is. The mocking -- mocking -- by Suzanne Collins which is the last in the hunger games trilogy. And it is very hotly anticipated unfortunately fans are gonna have to wait until August 24 the find out what happened ']