["the the books what she feels that she has learned something from all of them east of Eden John Steinbeck a new by The  Toni Morrison 's a blue asylum is. And remains a voracious reader. And we're gonna celebrate our tenth anniversary hope you'll ", "east of Eden John Steinbeck a new -- by -- -- The Toni Morrison's a blue asylum is. And remains a voracious reader. And we're gonna celebrate our tenth anniversary -- hope you'll come Mother's Day ", "Review it's great you know when you get the right gift it sends a message about both the UN the receiver in this book  Toni Morrison  won the Nobel Prize it says hey I know you'll like smart looks at me like great literature. Beautifully written ", "sends a message about both the UN the receiver in this book Toni Morrison won the Nobel Prize it says hey I know you'll like smart looks at me like great literature. Beautifully written very very ", 'little more off Say where the John I think He wants white males. The Nobel. Prize winning African American author  Toni Morrison  famously observed about Bill Clinton quote. This is our first black president. Blacker than any actual black person ', 'think He wants white males. The Nobel. Prize winning African American author Toni Morrison famously observed about Bill Clinton quote. This is our first black president. Blacker than any actual black person who could ever be ', "endorsements we're hearing people that you know like  Toni Morrison  who had come out initially and said Clinton was the fascinating yet ABC news that climate that story this morning  Toni Morrison  who did make that statement about the Oakland in the ", "getting again that of endorsements we're hearing people that you know like Toni Morrison who had come out initially and said Clinton was the first black president has now. She sounds like she's switching gears also. That's fascinating yet ABC news that climate that story this morning -- Toni Morrison who did make that statement about the Oakland in the -- is going to endorse Barack Obama. -- also appeared today in ", "And then over the course of numerous sessions they've learned how to respond to their to talk play and as writer  Toni Morrison  so eloquently put it to have their eyes light up when their children. I'm going to be able to. Change the course ", "how to respond to their -- to talk play and as writer Toni Morrison so eloquently put it to have their eyes light up when their children. -- -- I'm going to be able to. Change "]