['Baz Luhrmann discusses teaming up with Leonardo DiCaprio to bring classic story to big screen.', "suffer for you always say it glamorous job in a movie critic not at The garbage that I Did you see  The Great Gatsby  DGC have  F .  Scott Fitzgerald  who wrote that novel should be turning in his grave over what Basil or amended to this That's after ", "critic not at -- The garbage that I -- Did you see The Great Gatsby DGC have F Scott Fitzgerald who wrote that novel should be turning in his grave over what Basil or amended to this -- -- That's after -- ", 'Reporter: The roaring \'20s are so right now. With the visually stunn " the great gatsby " leaving us gasping for flapper fashions. Decadent movie focused around a deck depth time, diamonds and crystal embellished dresses and he headbands ', 'Leonardo DiCaprio and the star-studded cast brought the glamour of the 1920s to New York City.', 'think -- there\'s animal farm. Also on that list, perfect timing with that recent movie. LEONARDO DEE KiCAPRIO AS  THE GREAT Gatsby . Students at this school were told to read this book, "the great gypsy." We have seen this pitcher on the mound ', 'that list, perfect timing with that recent movie. LEONARDO DEE KiCAPRIO AS THE GREAT Gatsby . Students at this school were told to read this book, "the great gypsy." We have seen this pitcher on the mound. Cincinnati ', 'And the trailer features jay-z and kanye west song, "no church in the wild." Also, the rocking version of the  f .  Scott fitzgerald  classic, opens in may. leo DiCaprio starring in that one. Beyonce, not by jay-z\'s side. He was busy performing ', 'song, "no church in the wild." Also, the rocking version of the f . Scott fitzgerald classic, opens in may. leo DiCaprio starring in that one. Beyonce, not by jay-z\'s side. He was busy performing for a private ', 'Yeah. Who knew her twenty And the city can assure people and buildings were higher. Attorneys being. The moves from. Restlessness and kind of skater and he Yeah yeah. That he. Thought the timing who. Acquaintance partners coordinate. Treatment interstate. You only. Institute as. She never loved', "He puts the green York city to experience all the of  The Great Gatsby  premier event hills Plaza Hotel have Breakfast at Tiffany's and get your own stylist for the red carpet. Now just get a Good Morning America Good morning America's Great VIP getaway sweepstakes.", "the green -- York city to experience all the -- -- of The Great Gatsby premier event -- hills Plaza Hotel have Breakfast at Tiffany's and get your own stylist for the red carpet. Now just get ", 'this one recently. Here. Okay. As you may guess from individuals there this is one of the many great songs. On  The Great Gatsby  soundtrack which officially releases next week this is sons and testing soundtrack. The whole thing was produced ', 'from individuals there this is one of the many great songs. On The Great Gatsby soundtrack which officially releases next week this is sons and -- testing soundtrack. The whole thing was produced by daisy -- it ', "bonds I would view. Get on the next thing. Yes. Can get could be content wherever you work. here to talk about  The Great Gatsby  the great pilot Fisher and it's fair to sell in that scene. It's really where the action starts it's really ", "get could be content wherever you work. -- here to talk about The Great Gatsby the great pilot Fisher and it's fair to sell in that scene. It's really where the action starts it's really where we ", 'have been going  gatsby  and this morning I will ask mr.  Gatsby  one more question DiCAPRIO WHO PLAYS  GATSBY  ON THE Set. I clothes from " the great gatsby " and become tom Thank you. " The great gatsby " opens in THEATERS ', 'those every day. I would love to steal all my clothes from " the great gatsby " and become tom buchanan but a nicer version. You\'re a nicer version in person. I\'m a big fan of another movie you did "warrior" which you were incredible in. Thank you very much. And prepared enormously, i heard. Went to such extremes for that. A lot of chickens died so that we could, you know, muscle up for "warrior." You were great in " the great gatsby ." Great to have you here this morning. Thank you very much. Well, good luck to you. Thank you. " The great gatsby " opens in THEATERS NATIONWIDE MAY 10th. ', 'Lana Del Rey "Young and Beautiful" off " The Great Gatsby " soundtrack at the number one spot.', 'hollywood reporter" says carey mulligan has emerged as the front runner to star. She wasn\'t even in the discussion. " The great gatsby " star would play a young hillary juggling her career as a lawyer and her relationship with bill clinton. Look at ', 'as the front runner to star. She wasn\'t even in the discussion. " The great gatsby " star would play a young hillary juggling her career as a lawyer and her relationship with bill clinton. Look at this side ', 'second place, 41.7 million and rounding out the top six "star trek in the darkness," epic, "iron man 3" and " the great gatsby " hanging in there. Big movies like "man of teal" coming. Some are wondering whether this might be the biggest ', 'top six "star trek in the darkness," epic, "iron man 3" and " the great gatsby " hanging in there. Big movies like "man of teal" coming. Some are wondering whether this might be the biggest movie summer in ', 'we have been mesmerized by " the great gatsby " and this morning the man center characters in american literature jay  gatsby . I\'ve gotten all these things bid. Great work. Check out " the great gatsby " friday.', 'we have been mesmerized by " the great gatsby " and this morning the man center of IT ALL, leonardo DiCaprio, one of the most icon ic characters in american literature jay gatsby I\'ve gotten all these things, I\'ve gotten all these things for her. Now she just wants to run away. She wants to ', 'Check it outen 0line sign up to bid. Great work. Check out " the great gatsby " friday. ', 'talking about doing " the great gatsby ." And we were discussing around talking about " the great gatsby ." Were you familiar those party scenes. JAY  GATSBY  KNEW HOWsCb TO THROW be here with you. " The great gatsby " opens on FRIDAY ', 'He said, I was talking to baz luhrmann. He\'s talking about doing " the great gatsby ." And we were discussing you and i playing nick and jay. Are you available to come over and hang out with me and baz. I lived next door to leo at the time. It wasn\'t a far journey. You want to come next door, kikt around. Maybe in four year, you\'ll be sitting around talking about " the great gatsby ." Were you familiar with it before that? I had some what embarrassingly not read the book that point. I read it over ', 'enough about you. Thank you. It\'s a great way to kick off gatsby week. I\'m excited to be here with you. " The great gatsby " opens on FRIDAY, MAY 10th. ', 'that beautiful car. Celebrating " the great gatsby " all week long here at "gma maguire had not read " the great gatsby " before this began. You did not mulligan, thanks very much. " The great gatsby " opens in THEATERS NATIONWIDE ', 'was elaborated by baz but said in the script that daisy kisses gatsby and in auditions you never -- you don\'t know if it\'s inappropriate so I asked baz should I kiss him and baz said yes so I did and now baz tells others the story that -- he said that\'s daisy buchanan. That\'s what it is. You like tobey maguire had not read " the great gatsby " before this began. You did not read it until you learned about the audition but right after that you really crammed. Yeah, ', 'and sweet. And it shows on screening. Carey mulligan, thanks very much. " The great gatsby " opens in THEATERS NATIONWIDE ON MAY 10th. ', 'Here\'s abc\'s david wright. Reporter: At a cannes film festival fund-raiser, every bit as fabulous as one of  the great gatsby \'s parties -- you were there all along. Reporter: A pitch that sounded a bit like a sci-fi sequel to "catch ', 'a cannes film festival fund-raiser, every bit as fabulous as one of the great gatsby\'s parties -- you were there all along. Reporter: A pitch that sounded a bit like a sci-fi sequel to "catch me if ', "he's older Brothers are saying cut the card buddy she's no good. Let's talk about Leonardo DiCaprio he's in  The Great Gatsby  was everybody sort of looking forward to highway trailers look. Look terrific but an Maggie talked to George Stephanopoulos ", "-- -- -- -- Let's talk about Leonardo DiCaprio -- he's in The Great Gatsby was everybody sort of looking forward to -- highway trailers look. Look terrific but an -- Maggie talked to George Stephanopoulos about. ", 'from highly anticipated expensive movies like the Lone Ranger with Johnny Depp fragments Boise. The united DiCaprio  The Great Gatsby  he made of steel the canary capital can spend upwards of hundred million dollars in these movies just on the special ', 'Lone Ranger with Johnny Depp fragments -- Boise. The united DiCaprio -- The Great Gatsby he made of steel the canary capital can spend upwards of -- hundred million dollars in these movies just on the special ']