['take notice. The tweet received such wide recognition that the New Oxford American Dictionary named "refudiate" the 2010  word of the year  . So congrats, or something. Honorable mentions: John McCain and Snooki bond on Twitter over tanning taxes, Eva Longoria ', 'caused the concussion. Image credit: Jim Davis/Boston Globe/Getty Images  Word of the Year  The Oxford American Dictionary selected "gif" as its  word of the year . Short for graphics interchange format, gif beat out the acronym "YOLO ', 'tweeting about the mosque planned near Ground Zero in New York City. "Refudiate" later became the Oxford American Dictionary  Word of the Year . Palin also used Twitter this year to discuss the Gulf Coast being "ravished" by the oil spill. But she wasn\'t the ', 'however, have changed the modern lexicon. The New Oxford American Dictionary made her term " refudiate " the official 2010  word of the year . Palin\'s use of the word -- seemingly a mix of refute and repudiate -- launched critics into a frenzy when she first ', 'however, have changed the modern lexicon. The New Oxford American Dictionary made her term " refudiate " the official 2010  word of the year . Palin\'s use of the word -- seemingly a mix of refute and repudiate -- launched critics into a frenzy when she first ', 'American Dictionary announced that a word Palin inadvertently coined in a Twitter message -- "refudiate" -- has been named  word of the year  for 2010. So tonight we ask you: Can Palin make political hay out of all the attention? Or is reality TV what suits her ', 'it alerted you to the wayward friend. (Coincidentally, "unfriend" was the New Oxford American Dictionary\'s 2009  Word of the Year  .) But only days after Defriended\'s debut, Facebook blocked the application, and Apple pulled it from the App store ', 'New Oxford American Dictionary said the correct word is actually "unfriending." When it chose "unfriend" as the 2009  Word of the Year  , Facebook fans erupted with commentary, with some contesting its decision. But no matter what you call it, if you want ', 'is only available for the PlayStation 3.  Word of the Decade  Google changed the way we use computers the dictionary and has now been named the  word of the decade  by The  American Dialect Society . Google beat out tech-related finalists ', 'comfortable pulling an OhMiBod product off the shelf as they would an iPod," Dunham said. Porn Goes 3-D It\'s the buzz  word of the year  over at CES, so it\'s not surprising that a new AEE vendor is unveiling an adult 3-D package this year. "Bad Girls ', 'the presidents of 12 universities. (That same year the term "carbon neutral" was the Oxford American Dictionary\'s  word of the year . Oxford wrote that it "involves calculating your total climate-damaging carbon emissions, reducing them where possible ', "seems ridiculous. Also here this is on a lighter note less controversial note from the  American Dialect society  has now voted for the  word of the year  for 2012 that word is. Hash tag Twitter apology and fully you're Minnesota more of basement ", "is on a lighter note less controversial note from the American -- Dialect society has now voted for the word of the year for 2012 -- that word is. Hash tag -- Twitter apology and fully you're -- -- Minnesota more of basement -- to ", "screens because they're watching more visual content and not making as many phone calls. And  word of the year  is hash tag the  American Dialect Society  chosen over fiscal gangland style and 47%. But the word its title when the only text on the ", 'more visual content and not making as many phone calls. And -- word of the year is hash tag the American Dialect Society chosen over fiscal -- gangland style and 47%. But the word -- its title when the only text on the cover of ', 'seen in our everyday language. The verb Google is in the dictionary and has now been named the  word of the decade  by the  American Dialect Society . Google beat out tech related finalists including blog text and wife fought as well as phrases ', 'verb Google is in the dictionary and has now been named the word of the decade by the American Dialect Society . Google beat out tech related finalists including blog text and wife fought as well as phrases like 9/11 and war on terror. ', "the new Oxford American dictionary has named hyper smiling it's  word of the year  describes people. Who push their cars gas tank to the limit to up on the side of the road by the time Oxford chooses its next  word of the year .", "hyper smiling the new Oxford American dictionary has named hyper smiling it's word of the year describes people. Who push their cars gas tank to the limit to get the best mileage possible. With gas prices coming down these days -- -- could end up on the side of the road by the time Oxford chooses its next word of the year . ", "Oxford American dictionary has named hyper smiling it's  word of the year  describes people. Who push their cars gas tank to the limit the side of the road by the time Oxford chooses its next  word of the year . And finally from the webcast the best selling author of ", "hyper smiling the new Oxford American dictionary has named hyper smiling it's word of the year describes people. Who push their cars gas tank to the limit to get the best mileage possible. The gas prices coming down these days -- -- could end up on the side of the road by the time Oxford chooses its next word of the year . And finally from the webcast the best selling author of the tipping point and blink is back with a new book in ", "letting people know long term we are going to be fine. hope is really what we're talking about a that's been up the  word of the year . But now we're talking about real hope and real hope honestly it doesn't come from Washington it comes from you getting ", "hope is really what we're talking about a that's been up the word of the year . But now we're talking about real hope and real hope honestly it doesn't come from Washington it comes from you getting up ", 'Webcast: Best and Worst Campaign Ads, Somali Pirates Free Hostages, Baghdad Back to Normal?', "Also writing today in Google search the folks behind Merriam Webster's dictionary announced their  word of the year  today and the  word of the year  is won't. The word spelled W 00 T is a hybrid of letters and numbers used by computer gamers ", "today in Google search the folks behind Merriam Webster's dictionary announced their word of the year today and the word of the year is won't. The word spelled W 00 T is a hybrid of letters and numbers used by computer gamers. As an explanation "]