['\t\t\t\t\t\tBut now to the other breaking story, the crisis in egypt. Both sides are calling for demonstrations ler today after deadly clashes this weekend. There is still confusion over who will be named prime... See More ', "\t\t\t\t\t\tBut now to the other breaking story, the crisis in egypt. Both sides are calling for demonstrations ler today after deadly clashes this weekend. There is still confusion over who will be named prime minister in the new military-backed government. Egypt's ambassador to the u.S., mohamed tawfik is joining us next. But first the interview with the spokesman for the muslim brotherhood. He has a warrant out for his arrest, but told byron pitts that even after the violent crackdown, he and his colleagues won't back down until the president is put back in cha Reporter: The military, they have insisted this was not a coup. I don't understand what naive can see the ingredients of a coup, and not see it. It's the military on tv, tanks on the street, military people shooting civilians. It's every ingredient of a full police state. What else are people waiting for? Reporter: The leadership has been calling for the return of president morsi. It seems as we sit here now, that's not going to happen. So what is plan b? There's no plan b. At the end of the day, we stick by our principles. We return to the president back to his rightful place, or they're going to have to shoot us in the streets. Reporter: Why say that? Because I lived my life under the oppressive state of mubarak and my father did the same under different regimes, my grandfather did the same. This country has been rd of its freedoms. I'm not willing to let my son and daughter inherit a state in that mess. I will stand in front of the tank even if it rolls on my dead body. Reporter: A dead man can't enjoy democracy. The ones you leave behind can. And now, egypt's ambassador to the u.S. Appointed by president morsi. Thank you for joining us. You heard there from the spokesperson from the muslim brotherhood, they are willing to die for this. They say it's ridiculous that it's not a coup. What is your response? What has happened is that the people of egypt have decided that president morsi did not act during his year in office as president for all egyptians. 22 million egyptians wrote petitions demanding early elections. My advice to the muslim brotherhood is they need to acknowledge the mistakes that they made and they need to join the process. Let us look ahead to the future. There is room for everyone in egypt, but there is no room for violence. There is no room for incitement to hatred and to commit acts of violence. But you heard what they are saying, they are not ready to compromise on this. They say he was democratically elected and forcibly removed by the military. And they are willing to die to undo that. Morsi was elected democratically, I agree i supported him. I did my best to help him to succeed. Like millions of other egyptians, I wish he acted like a president to all egyptians. But then ie last two months, you have had a massive, a ssive reaction from the eg people. Over 15 million people in the streets saying this can not go on. President morsi was not acting for the vast majority of egyptians. President morsi was not looking at all egyptians. He ooked at the own one. You can't be the most democratically elected president and act that way. So now we want new elections, we are going to get new elections, we are going to get a new parliament. How soon? How soon will we see new elections? As soon as we can. But what we need to do -- months, weeks, years? How quickly does this happen? As quickly as we can put it together. What we need is we need national dialogue. We need everybody to be in the process. We will not repeat president morsi's mistakes. We want an inclusive process. This is what the muslim brotherhood needs to understand. They need to look to the future with the rest of egyptians. There's room for everyone. We want a truly democratic pluralistic society. What are you hearing from the obama administration? Are they recognizing this new military-backed government? Everybody in the united states that I meet, everybody, without exception, they really want a democratic leader. They feel it's good for egypt and the united states and the d. And we agree. This is what we're working towards achieving. We will succeed in the end, because the people of egypt have made a decision. They want full democracy. But I'm asking what is the obama administration telling you? We heard they were deeply concerned by what happened with this military ouster of morsi. I think the main focus of all our discussions has been the future. The future means we want a democratic process, and we do not want violence. The message has to get across to their leaders of the muslim brotherhood. We do not need more violence? Egypt. Yesterday, four teenagers were thrown off the roof of their own house by doctor morsi's supporters. This cannot go on. But under u.S. Law, we cannot -- our government cannot give aid to a country that has been, you know, run by a military -- after a military coup. Do you expect the $1.5 billion in aid from the u.S. To be cut off? Egypt has not undergone a military coup and not run by the military. Today there is an interim president in place. This is not a coup? Absolutely not. The military -- listen, what happened was, you had over 15 mipeople in the street. And president morsi, he would have said, listen, my people, i listen, I hear you. But instead of that, he whipped up religious fervor among his supporters. And there was violence in the air. After more than 20 people had been killed, leaders from egyptian parties, from egyptian religious establishments, from the military, they came together, they said we have to stop this, otherwise violence will spiral out of control. But now your government and you must be in the oddest situation. You were appointed by presiden morsi. Now you are representing the government that has overthrown him. They have closed down the muslim brotherhood television stations, they have arrested leaders of the muslim brotherhood. What is going to happen? Will they have a role in the new egypt? What is going to happen to president morsi? He's under house arrest. The people have a right to demonstrate peacefully. This is guaranteed by the constitution. People have a right to express themselves in any way they want without inciting to violence. If you start inciting to violence, if you start whipping up religious fervor, if you start talking about jihad, about martyrdom, then many, many people are going to lose their lives. And that is against the law. Mr. Ambassador, thank you for taking time to talk to us this morning. Thank you very much, it's a pleasure to be with you. ", '\t\t\t\t\t    This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.', '\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\tGuests: George Will, Martha Raddatz, David Ignatius, Cokie Roberts, Donna Brazile', "\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\tNTSB Chair Deborah Hersman on Asiana Flight 214's crash in San Francisco.", "\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\tGeorge Will, Martha Raddatz, David Ignatius, and Michael Rubin on Egypt's future.", '\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\tJonathan Karl speaks with the former president and first lady on their latest trip to Africa.', '\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\tGeorge Will, Cokie Roberts, Donna Brazile, and Rick Klein on Obamacare and immigration.', "\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\tJonathan Karl on the history and symbolism of one of West Africa's departure points to slavery."]