['Sens. Kirsten Gillibrand and Claire McCaskill both want to stop the "scourge" of military sexual assault. But their competing plans have forced lawmakers, officers and even survivors to take sides.Full story', "It's not news that Republicans want to get rid of Obamacare. But they're now willing to grind the government to a halt in order to do it. Full story", 'WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Republican-controlled House will try to cut billions of dollars from the food stamp program before negotiating an overall farm bill with the Senate, the House majority leader said on Thursday two months before the current farm law expires. Full story', 'TrendingUnited AirlinesretireesGeneral MotorsStarbucksMicrosoftNASDAQNBCNews.com homeBrowseVideoPhotos', 'Top Links: Meet Matt Bevin, the Kentucky man indirectly responsible for Senate gridlock', 'Ezra Klein reports on the last minute radical right-wing legislation being pushed through the Republican-controlled North Carolina legislature as the legislative session comes to a close.', 'Ezra Klein reports on how a new spirit of cooperation by Republican Senator John McCain is loosening the legislative log jam in the Senate and highlights Speaking John Beohner and recalcitrant House Republicans as the reason why this Congress is among the least accomplished in American history.', 'The Cycle hosts unpack the latest in the surveillance debate with attorney David Goodfriend.', 'Adam Goldstein (L), president and CEO of Royal Caribbean International, talks with committee chairman Sen. John Rockefeller (D-WV) after testifying before the Senate Commerce, Science and Transportation Committee July 24, 2013', 'WASHINGTON, DC - JULY 24:  Adam Goldstein , president and CEO of Royal Caribbean International, talks with committee chairman Sen. John Rockefeller (D-WV) after testifying before the Senate Commerce, Science and Transportation Committee July 24, 2013 in Washington, DC. The committee heard testimony ', "Italy's Prime Minister Letta looks on next to Interior Minister Alfano during a vote session at the Senate in Rome", "Italy's Prime Minister Enrico Letta  looks on next to Interior minister Angelino Alfano during a vote session at the Senate in Rome July 19, 2013. REUTERS/Remo Casilli", 'Nancy Jean Schiffer and U.S. Sen. Warren at confirmation hearing for posting on NLRB in Washington', 'Nancy Jean Schiffer  shakes hands with U.S. Sen. Elizabeth Warren before the confirmation hearing begins for her posting on the National Labor Relations Board at the Senate Health, Education, Labor and Pension Committee on Capitol Hill in Washington, July 23, 2013.      REUTERS/Larry Downing  (UNITE', 'Nancy Jean Schiffer and U.S. Sen. Harkin at confirmation hearing for posting on NLRB in Washington', 'Nancy Jean Schiffer  shakes hands with U.S. Sen. Tom Harkin before he chairs the confirmation hearing for her posting on the National Labor Relations Board at the Senate Health, Education, Labor and Pension Committee on Capitol Hill in Washington, July 23, 2013.      REUTERS/Larry Downing  (UNITED S']