['You might think  Natalie Portman  is far too amiable her co-star  Scarlett Johansson  to break into sisters in " The Other Boleyn Girl ," jousting Henry VIII ( Eric Bana ) to divorce is based on  Philippa Gregory \'s best-selling film director ( Justin Chadwick )," Portman ', 'with the Celebrity 100 set: bold-faced beauty  Scarlett Johansson  and Indy car driver Danica Patrick. Despite a buzz-worthy movie from the former ( " The Other Boleyn Girl ") and an Indy car race win in Japan for the latter ', 'England to Beantown Sturgess was in the court of Henry VIII and an entirely different world of decadence, shooting " The Other Boleyn Girl " when the call came to audition for "21." "I was really stuck out in the middle of nowhere, in some old castle ', 'offerings include  Scarlett Johansson  parading in technical foul.  Scarlett Johansson  must like because " The Other Boleyn Girl " is her adapted  Philippa Gregory \'s novel Boleyn ( Natalie Portman ) to win Henry VIII ( Eric Bana ). It\'s ', 'ingredients for  Natalie Portman \'s latest royal drama " The Other Boleyn Girl ." For the basic, " The Other Boleyn Girl " is the novelist  Philippa Gregory \'s best-selling Review of " The Other Boleyn Girl ," please click here . \' The Other Boleyn Girl \' First-time director  Justin Chadwick  tapped Golden Globe winner  Scarlett Johansson  like Portman played by  Eric Bana . Insisting ', 'Natalie Portman  Life in the palace of could be a soap opera. " The Other Boleyn Girl " gets deliciously trashy affection of the king.  Natalie Portman , who plays Anne, has of royal passion with  Eric Bana  that made even the crew ', 'sexual young woman. Two more films on the Tudors are set to be released late this year: " The Other Boleyn Girl ," with  Natalie Portman  and  Scarlett Johansson , and "The Golden Age," also written by Hirst and once again starring Cate Blanchett ', "we'll be talking to  Natalie Portman  who actually plays I want to welcome  Natalie Portman  to popcorn it's god the offer to do  the other Boleyn girl  what with a question movie are we would  Scarlett Johansson  at the same time ", "other bowl then -- And in a minute we'll be talking to Natalie Portman who actually plays one of those holding girls but for right now let's take a peek. At the other boat and go ", "and it's speak. Its content. -- -- OK I want to welcome Natalie Portman to popcorn it's great to have you here they can be here. And you have to looking act this scene. -- a "]