['Eugene Onegin."  Jonathan Franzen  has a book out this novels, including " The Corrections " and " Freedom ," and such nonfiction books as the memoir " The Discomfort Zone " and the essay collection " How To Be Alone ." The new release ', 'President Reagan: The Role of a Lifetime," by Lou Cannon, Deputy White House press secretary Bill Burton confirmed today. On previous vacations, the president\'s reading list included an advanced copy of  Jonathan Franzen \'s " Freedom ."', 'the White House Monday afternoon:  Jonathan Franzen . Asked how his meeting with the went, the celebrated author of " Freedom " said "delightful." During his was gifted with an early copy of  Freedom  . -Jake Tapper', 'booksellers who met Obama. Obama also bought the book " Freedom " by  Jonathan Franzen , the White House told reporters. Franzen is on week\'s Time Magazine and his previous book, " The Corrections " was a national best- seller. Brendan Murphy ', 'Castle." "Max Brod made the right decision" said  Jonathan Franzen  , who won the National Book Award for his 2001 novel " The Corrections . "Kafka changed my life. Obviously it was good to ', 'special books page full of book excerpts, author interviews and more! Fiction " Freedom ," by  Jonathan Franzen  From the author of " The Corrections ," " Freedom " is the story of a strained suburban marriage in St. Paul, Minn., and the story ', 'Played with Fire," by Stieg Larsson 3. "The Girl Who Kicked the Hornets\' Nets," by Stieg Larsson 4. " Freedom ," by  Jonathan Franzen  5. "A Scattered Life," by Karen McQuestion Here are 10 bestselling free books you can get on the Kindle ', 'perception of his mother\'s fading into Alzheimer\'s.  Jonathan Franzen  has written movingly about his father\'s dementia fictional father with Parkinson\'s, in his novel " The Corrections ." I also read as much as I could about the medical ', "any blurring of the line between popular and serious seemed to be at the heart of the controversy when  Jonathan Franzen 's novel  The Corrections  was chosen for Oprah's Book Club, and the author then got uncomfortable with the celebrity status ", "We could lead with  The Corrections  (not by  Jonathan Franzen ): 2003 Note Archives, updated weekly. Click here for The ABCNEWS Political Unit's exclusive major futures calendar and today's ", "the last and best selling author  Jonathan Franzen  learned nine years When he rejected TV's talk queen after she selected  the corrections  as her book club pick. And Monday readers to the author's next book  freedom . and took some Winfrey's airtime ", "Don't cross -- brought that's the last and best selling author Jonathan Franzen learned nine years -- -- When he rejected TV's talk queen after she selected the corrections as her book club pick. And Monday -- Oprah -- -- France and then she directed her two million readers to the author's next book freedom . -- and took some Winfrey's airtime to explain what was going through his mind back in 2001. Take a -- -- what "]