["ten books that common theme among the the books what she feels that she has learned something from all of them  east of Eden John Steinbeck  a new by The Toni Morrison's a blue asylum is. And remains a voracious reader. And we're gonna celebrate ", "what she feels that she has learned something from all of them east of Eden John Steinbeck a new -- by -- -- The Toni Morrison's a blue asylum is. And remains a voracious reader. And we're gonna celebrate ", "learn and spin through look at. Fashion there haven't done to you. Dublin minds are on theater. Joan saw me and  John Steinbeck 's of mice and man. By Cast mr. Excalibur. That was my first real. Experience. In them but real. We always and ", "you. Dublin minds are on -- theater. Joan -- saw me and John Steinbeck's of mice and man. By -- Cast mr. -- -- Excalibur. That was my first real. Experience. In them but -- real. ", 'jams others. Unbelievably wrong Karl Marx did not start the sexual revolution kids you what a fact checked out also  John Steinbeck  He may have loved flipper but He wrote with purpose. Not this. Small details small details.', 'the sexual revolution kids you what a fact checked out -- also John Steinbeck He may have loved flipper but He wrote with purpose. Not -- this. Small details small details. ', 'American authors from Virginia to  John Steinbeck . Miguel Marquez reports from one collection of rare interviews here from  Steinbeck  himself on what drove him to write the ability to take care of it.  Steinbeck  and other voices have rarely been ', 'trove. A voice recordings English and American authors from Virginia -- to John Steinbeck . Miguel Marquez reports from one. Grapes of -- tells the story of the Joseph family in search of a better life during the depths of the Great Depression. -- lose everything I had. In a collection of rare interviews -- here from Steinbeck himself on what drove him to write the definitive story. But regular Americans caught up in extra real economic or. When I was a group throughout there was still naturally would certainly angers. The depression go to without the ability to take care of it. Steinbeck and other voices have rarely been hurt at all. But now the British library has put together two sets of interviews from ', "Yeah this the weight related Cheney is the same ways related to Truman. And of he's also related Winston Churchill  John Steinbeck . Can. And Dick you mentioned as well. You get the idea to these politicians to their celebrity Well I've been ", "related to Truman. And of -- he's also related -- Winston Churchill John Steinbeck . Can. And Dick -- you mentioned as well. -- -- -- -- -- -- You get the idea to -- these politicians "]