['If one word could define Olympic equestrian Elizabeth "Beezie" Madden\'s show jumping career so far, it\'s "Authentic." But it\'s also the one thing she\'ll be missing when she represents the U.S. in London.Authentic was the name of Beezie\'s horse in the last two Olympic games that helped her bring home two gold medals.[sidebar]"He was not a real explosive power jumper like some horses, but he was a winner," Beezie said in an interview with ESPN. "We never felt like he was at his limit -- he just kept doing more and more and more."In 2009 a tendon injury forced Authentic into retirement, taking away Beezie\'s long-time teammate in a sport where chemistry is everything and forcing her to find a new partner for 2012."It\'s kind of the age-old question: How much of it is the horse and how much is the rider?" Beezie told ESPN. "I\'d like to say it\'s almost 50/50 as far as being a successful winner at the top."She\'s been working with her current horse, Coral Reef Via Volo, for a little over two ye...', 'Saudi Arabia had a three-point lead on four countries Sunday after the first round of team jumping at the London Olympics.Meanwhile, another United States rider was ...', 'Jamaica\'s Usain Bolt sprinted his way into the Olympic record books Sunday at the London Games, joining Carl Lewis as the only men to defend the title of "World\'s Fa...', 'The U.S. softball team scored the silver medal at the ISF World Championship after an overtime loss to Japan, 2-1, on July 22 in Whitehorse, Y.T. The defeat was the ...', 'Americans have had plenty of success in equestrian going into the 2012 Olympics, and this time they are counting on young and old talent to possibly clinch a third s...', "U.S. players earned three Wimbledon titles, with Serena Williams (Palm Beach Gardens, Fla.) leading the way in women's singles on July 7 in Wimbledon, England. Willi...", 'Sarah Robles (San Jacinto, Calif.) and Holley Mangold Weightlifting, held March 4 in Columbus, Ohio. Competing in the superheavyweight division, Robles totaled 258kg...', "The U.S. women's eight earned its sixth consecutive World Rowing Championship on Sept. 2 in Bled, Slovenia , after climbing back from fifth place with 1,500 meters t...", 'David Wagner (Portland, Ore.) claimed the gold medal in quad singles at the BNP Paribas Open de France, held June 25-30 in Paris. The No. 1- ranked wheelchair tennis...', "Team USA came out firing, setting an American record in the women's 4x800-meter by 13 seconds at the Penn Relays, held April 24-26 in Philadelphia. The team of Lea W...", 'Jenn Suhr (Fredonia, N.Y.) set the indoor pole vault world record as she cleared 5.02 meters/16-5.50 feet to capture the 2013 USA Indoor Track & Field Championships ...', 'American Beezie Madden, the 2008 bronze medalist, was knocked out of the Olympic equestrian individual jumping competition in the first qualifier Saturday.Madden was...', 'A dozen people opposed to the Syrian government staged a small demonstration Saturday to protest the presence at the Olympics of a Syrian equestrian rider whose fath...', "Sunday marks the third day of track and field at the London Olympics and it will feature the sport's marquee event, as Jamaican sprinter Usain Bolt attempts to defen..."]