["office, one of Ryan's closest friends from high school as well as his chief of staff and oldest advisor. Also involved were  Joyce Meyer , chief of staff in the Washington DC congressional office,; Conor Sweeney, communications director in Ryan's Washington ", 'Romney-Ryan aides. An adviser described Ryan as the "main driver." Ryan\'s congressional staff -- Conor Sweeney,  Joyce Meyer  and Andy Speth -- are helping play up his Wisconsin roots, while Romney adviser and Ryan\'s good friend, Dan Senor ', "Quick set-up for tonight's lead segment, in which co-anchor Cynthia McFadden and producer Mary Marsh spend the day with  Joyce Meyer . For those unfamiliar, the 66-year-old Christian evangelist and mother of four has built a multi-million dollar ministry ", 'At 66,  Joyce Meyer  is as close as it gets to being a Christian is whether we\'d be talking about a  Joyce Meyer  Ministry without her horrible childhood it\'s like, why not tell the truth?"  Joyce Meyer  Admits to Stealing, Facelift Judging ', 'hypocrisy when Christian leaders preach one thing, but practice another. "Well, obviously hypocrisy is wrong," said  Joyce Meyer , a prominent evangelist from St. Louis, today on "Good Morning America." "When things like this happen, we have to ', 'Birth Missionary Baptist Church and Bishop Eddie Long Ministries of Lithonia, Ga.; Joyce and David Meyer of  Joyce Meyer Ministries  of Fenton, Mo.; Kenneth and Gloria Copeland of Kenneth Copeland Ministries of Newark, Texas; and Randy and ', 'to grow his congregation and become a mega-church, as big as those headed by popular televangelists like Joel Osteen and  Joyce Meyer . But when a surprise benefactor promised Dopson he would make that dream come true, and Dopson threw his support behind ', 'for hope," he said. "To be built up, to know that God is good and he\'s on their side." Missouri-based minister  Joyce Meyer , whose "Enjoying Everyday Life" broadcast draws millions of viewers worldwide every day, says much the same thing ', "may be able to come back to. For Good Morning America Dan Harris ABC news. And now we want to turn to  Joyce Meyer  of  Joyce Meyer ministries  a woman who like mr. haggard was named one of the nation's most influential evangelist just invented ", "America Dan Harris ABC news. And now we want to turn to Joyce Meyer of Joyce Meyer ministries a woman who like mr. haggard was named one of the nation's most influential evangelist just invented in -- I'll try to ", "questions to Saint Louis to talk to  Joyce Meyer . For our series faith matters. Joyce not. Agree despite the fact just the  Joyce Meyer  ministry. The assistant him now dives business of the ministries. Is promoting  Joyce Meyer . There's no way that I would be as ", "before critics are asking questions -- to Saint Louis to talk to Joyce Meyer . For our series faith matters. Joyce Meyers is close -- it comes to a Christian rock star. Though she herself says she's ", 'to where we absolutely could not. Agree despite the fact just the Joyce Meyer ministry. The -- -- -- -- assistant him now dives as much a part of it as I am both are sons ', "are left wondering if the real business of the ministries. Is promoting Joyce Meyer . There's no way that I would be as widely accepted. And the world as I -- If god was not giving me ", "tomorrow night my co anchor Cynthia McFadden spends the would  Joyce Meyer . A televangelist millions and what she spends that money have a corporate jet. Mike the night that they available  Joyce Meyer  tomorrow night. My mind and that's our report for tonight ", 'And tomorrow night my co anchor Cynthia McFadden spends the -- would Joyce Meyer . A televangelist -- millions and what she spends that money on. Remains controversial. So -- -- think it looks unseemly for so ', "have a corporate jet. Mike the night that they -- available -- Joyce Meyer tomorrow night. My mind and that's our report for tonight the Cynthia Terry Moran and the wounds of ABC news. "]