["nod to great grandfather Prince Philip, or grandfathers Prince Charles and Michael Middleton, Kate's father. Or  King Arthur . Or a host of other dead kings. But the first name, that has to hit the right note. It is likely to hang around ", 'Thank you so much for your help, Amanda Bennethum. Sara\'s Answer: Amanda, I reached out to my trusted source, the  King Arthur  Flour hotline and Jonathan got back to me with this answer (I asked about butter creams too): "I conferred with another ', "few attempts to bring quality 'cue to the Strip have all failed - until now. The Excalibur Hotel & Casino, with its  King Arthur  aesthetic and medieval banquets, was the last place I expected to find excellent, authentic barbecue. But after Las ", "blanched or un-blanched almonds, almond flour is made from blanched almonds. The two can be used interchangeably.  King Arthur  Flour and Bob's Red Mill are two popular brands that you can buy on line and Trader Joes sells its own brand in its ", 'I am sure you can call the manufacturer and talk to a costumer service representative. Or you can reach out to the  King Arthur  Flour Baker hotline. http://www.kingarthurflour.com/contact/the-bakers-hotline.html Actually, I ', 'producing even slices. This product was the winner of the Red Dot design awards. Shipping for the item is $9.95. 9.  King Arthur  Flour: Giant Spatula Original: $13 GMA Exclusive Deal: $7 Get 50 percent savings on a spatula using promo code ', 'producing even slices. This product was the winner of the Red Dot design awards. Shipping for the item is $9.95.  King Arthur  Flour: Giant Spatula Original: $13 GMA Exclusive Deal: $7 Get 50 percent savings on a spatula using promo code ', 'ratio? and will the cake flour produce a "lighter" cake? cookie? Thank you. Sara\'s Answer: Astrid, I asked the  King Arthur  Flour Baking Hotline for help with your question. Here is their answer: "When using cake flour in place of all purpose ', "be increased or decreased along with all of the ingredients? Sara's Answer: Alex I reached out to my friends at  King Arthur  Flour and here is what they said: When increasing a recipe, if the flour amount is 8 cups or less, leave the yeast ", 'benefits of languid lunches in the English countryside. Her must-have pantry items include bragg liquid aminos,  King Arthur  bread flour, bomba rice and Vegenaise (more on that later). Her children stuff themselves with vegetables and have ', 'direct homage to the 1936. Flash Gordon. But Lucas also reached back into the ancient past adapting Greek and Roman  king Arthur  and As explained in the documentary empire of dreams. return to try to distill everything down to motifs it would be ', 'also reached back into the ancient past adapting Greek and Roman -- king Arthur and -- As explained in the documentary empire of dreams. -- -- return to try to distill everything down to motifs it ', "replaced by Penelope Cruz in the it has had issues with her body in the past she's so thin and and and in one movie  king Arthur  they actually augmented her in the movie this is a big deal He can see that's the real her on the left and that's ", "in the past she's so thin and and and in one movie king Arthur they actually augmented her in the movie -- this is a big deal He can see that's the real her on the ", "atonement usually looks like bits. But in 2001 for her film  king Arthur  and she abruptly went from an eight cup to a C cup And then it's seeking perfection exactly. And her  king Arthur  photos they were touched they were they were before and ", 'And atonement usually looks like bits. But in 2001 for her film king Arthur and she abruptly went from an eight cup to a C cup. He thinks refused swift strokes of the digital effects artist. ', "believe -- you're speaking. And then it's seeking perfection exactly. And her king Arthur photos they were touched they were -- -- they were before and after eyes and her she was made bustier and -- ", "is going out to heed his kind of expect light isn't very interesting it slightly off topic and not really I was up  king Arthur  flour which so wonderful company from. They told me that more people making it forms. Ha. And they definitely attributed ", 'interesting it slightly off topic and not really I was up -- king Arthur flour which so wonderful company from. They told me that more people -- making it forms. Ha. And they definitely attributed to ', 'the White House now remembered as magical. Likened to Camelot popular Broadway play of the time about the legend of  king Arthur . Okay. And now for decades later there is a pretender to that throw. 46 year old Jack Worthington who thinks Kennedy ', 'Camelot -- popular Broadway play of the time about the legend of king Arthur . Okay. And now for decades later there is a pretender to that throw. 46 year old Jack Worthington who thinks Kennedy might ', 'White House now remembered as magical. Likened to Camelot. The popular Broadway play of the time about the legend of  king Arthur . Okay. And now for decades later there is a pretender to that throw. 46 year old Jack Worthington who thinks Kennedy ', 'Camelot. The popular Broadway play of the time about the legend of king Arthur . Okay. And now for decades later there is a pretender to that throw. 46 year old Jack Worthington who thinks Kennedy might ', 'homage to the 1936. Flash Gordon. But Lucas also reached back into the ancient past adapting Greek and Roman myth  king Arthur  and As explained in the documentary empire of dreams. I did return to try to distill everything down to that would ', 'also reached back into the ancient past adapting Greek and Roman myth king Arthur and -- As explained in the documentary empire of dreams. I did return to try to distill everything down to -- that ']