['decision was a gross overreaction. The remake of a 1980 slasher film premiered at the Cannes Film Festival last year. Wood is part of the large ensemble cast in the New Zealand-filmed trilogies, " The Hobbit " and " Lord of the Rings ."', 'yet sometimes volatile co-star Alec Baldwin? Related: Alec Baldwin\'s Most Memorable Rants "Alec was fabulous," " The Hobbit " star said. "I absolutely loved working with him. He\'s so smart, incredibly talented ... He was incredibly playful ', "Napster Co-Founder Sean Parker Ties the Knot in 'Romantic, Magical' Forest Wedding", 'would be offered costumes designed by Academy Award winning designer Ngila Dickson, who was the designer for "The  Lord of the Rings " film trilogy. This is not a "theme" wedding, and there will be nothing medieval about it. - Sean Parker ', 'where a dwarf is a sex symbol. "Game of Thrones," based on George R.R. Martin\'s books, is kind of like " Lord of the Rings " with an NC-17 rating. The producers of "Game of Thrones" pay careful attention to detail, even commissioning ', 'photo. But it didn\'t stop there. Cyrus then shared a split of her younger self with a photo of Gollum from " Lord of the Rings . " "The resemblance is terrifying," she tweeted . Earlier Wednesday, Cyrus shared a photo of herself wearing ', 'Scared-As-S**T Performance Jessica Chastain, Zero Dark Thirty Alexandra Daddario, Texas Chainsaw 3D Martin Freeman,  The Hobbit : An Unexpected Journey Jennifer Lawrence, House at the End of the Street Suraj Sharma, Life of Pi Best On-Screen Duo ', "Travel Attractions RELATED: ' The Hobbit ,' and 8 More Movie-Inspired were shot? Peter Jackson's  Lord of the Rings  Trilogy is probably on your list, as is his latest offering,  The Hobbit . But if you watched the recent ", 'Part 2? (2011) - $1.3 billion 5. "Transformers: Dark of the Moon" (2011) - $1.1 billion 6. "The  Lord of the Rings : The Return of the King" (2003) - $1.1 billion 7. "The Dark Knight Rises" (2012) - $1.08 billion 8 ', 'Dan\'s wife went on to say that her husband had planned to see the extended "Star Trek" preview during a screening of " The Hobbit : An Unexpected Journey" but was hospitalized instead. Thursday, the friend who posted the original plea for help, updated ', 'doctors screen only high risk populations like health care workers and recent immigrants.  The Hobbit  Bilbo Baggins returns in this prequel to  Lord of the Rings , leading a group of dwarves on a riveting adventure through Middle Earth. DWARFISM Is ', 'to Forbes ,  Lord of the Rings  is a serious movie in the  Lord of the Rings  series, " The Hobbit : An Unexpected drawn from  J . R . R .  Tolkien \'s book their heads.  The Hobbit  is the slimmest Tolkien\'s  Lord of the Rings  novels at ', 'Calling all " Lord of the Rings " fans! Middle-earth Montana. So in honor of " The Hobbit : An Unexpected Journey home of the popular " Lord of the Rings " movies. A Hobbit featured in scenes from " The Hobbit ," is located in the ', "Popcorn with Peter Travers:Andy Serkis is the Gollum in Peter Jackson's The Hobbit ", "costume and makeup that's that news. How long do you have to work to do this well. I mean during the original  Lord of the Rings  it was his peak period of recession the character working. How he sounded than how he would move from. was placed ", 'have to work to do this well. I mean during the original Lord of the Rings it was his peak period of recession the character working. How he sounded than how he would move from. -- was placed ', 'He is known by so many as proto from the legendary trilogy  Lord of the Rings  but now Elijah Wood is taking on a very different type of role. Playing a violent serial killer in the remake of the 1980 cult ', 'He is known by so many as proto from the legendary trilogy Lord of the Rings but now Elijah Wood is taking on a very different type of role. Playing a violent serial killer in the remake of ', "what's going on in the pop culture not just movies and today's guest Elijah Wood. Well you know him as proto in The  Lord of the Rings  trilogy but now He has TV series on FX scored will for it. And this is show in which He talks to adult. Who's ", "today's guest Elijah Wood. Well you know him as proto in The Lord of the Rings trilogy but now He has -- TV series on FX scored will for it. And this is -- show in which He ", 'Director Peter Jackson and " The Hobbit " characters appear in in-flight film for Air New Zealand.', "beyond Saddam Bob what does congress would like Captain Scarlet all you know. a a lot of intentionally a lot The  Lord of the Rings  a generation monsters yeah great nation that was that was So long. God's love child all of them. That's really ", "-- -- -- a lot of -- intentionally a lot -- The Lord of the Rings -- a generation -- -- monsters -- -- yeah -- -- great nation that was that was -- So long. God's love "]