["and all of those movies.  Lewis Carroll 's  Alice in Wonderland  itself when I encountered reading it to lessen. The way  Lewis Carroll  kind of plays with logic and good Intel's first of all  Lewis Carroll 's books are brilliant I ", "and love like elaborate than princess bride and all of those movies. Lewis Carroll's Alice in Wonderland itself when I encountered as a child. I was horrified by real hurry up. I remember my mother reading it to lessen. The way Lewis Carroll kind of plays with logic and turns everything on its head as a child I was still like trying to figure out what was real and and so encountering it all messed with it was terrible and like really disturbing but then you know. Coming to it isn't -- it's it's a whole different experience -- -- -- it -- -- when asked about Tim Burton and you can get another version coming out pretty soon what. Think it is about the story that so appealing. I do have theories about good Intel's first of all Lewis Carroll's books are brilliant I mean he's written stories than a 150 years later we're still fascinated by and I think there's something really. It taps into something deeply human. You know fears and anxieties -- and delight to fit that. We can still relate to -- But in terms of why right now Alice in Wonderland has taught me nothing -- Fuzzy I mean might serious it you know. Post 9/11 in the world changed dramatically. In so ", 'that this is occurring. Jordan. How long did that tornadoes last you for every team has everything in way. Blake  Lewis Carroll  is looking eighteen million recent night. I was just grabbing on to whatever said once the riff that lifted off ', 'tornadoes last you for every team has everything in -- way. Blake Lewis Carroll is looking -- eighteen million recent night. I was just grabbing on to whatever -- said once the riff that lifted off. ', "executive. And the judicial branch. We separated. Arrest. From accusation. And trial and verdict for a reason. When  Lewis Carroll 's white queen shouts sentence sparse. Verdict afterwards. The reader's response is supposed to be but that would ", "separated. Arrest. From accusation. And trial and verdict for a reason. When Lewis Carroll's white queen shouts sentence sparse. Verdict afterwards. The reader's response is supposed to be but that would be ups are. In our ", 'something we should not give up on easily. They say  Lewis Carroll  is fiction. Alice never fell down a rabbit home and Said the queen as she shouted at the top of her voice.  Lewis Carroll  is fiction right. When I asked the president. Can ', 'tradition. And something we should not give up on easily. They say Lewis Carroll is fiction. Alice never fell down a rabbit home and the white queens -- judgments. Are not really a threat to your ', 'Said the queen as she shouted at the top of her voice. Lewis Carroll is fiction right. When I asked the president. Can you kill an American. On Americans Sawyer will. It should have been an ', "So it wasn't this tumor is that this is I mean yet sickness you know. It's nice and large in senseless. Either  Lewis Carroll  and since you left Edgar move to locate Dick a bunch of other great artists and writers. Dance pad. Typical so ", "yet sickness you know. It's nice and large -- in senseless. Either Lewis Carroll and since you left Edgar -- move to locate Dick a bunch of other great artists and writers. Dance pad. Typical so. "]