["replaced by Penelope Cruz in the it has had issues with her body in the past she's so thin and and and in one movie  king Arthur  they actually augmented her in the movie this is a big deal He can see that's the real her on the left and that's ", "in the past she's so thin and and and in one movie king Arthur they actually augmented her in the movie -- this is a big deal He can see that's the real her on the ", "atonement usually looks like bits. But in 2001 for her film  king Arthur  and she abruptly went from an eight cup to a C cup And then it's seeking perfection exactly. And her  king Arthur  photos they were touched they were they were before and ", 'And atonement usually looks like bits. But in 2001 for her film king Arthur and she abruptly went from an eight cup to a C cup. He thinks refused swift strokes of the digital effects artist. ', "believe -- you're speaking. And then it's seeking perfection exactly. And her king Arthur photos they were touched they were -- -- they were before and after eyes and her she was made bustier and -- ", "is going out to heed his kind of expect light isn't very interesting it slightly off topic and not really I was up  king Arthur  flour which so wonderful company from. They told me that more people making it forms. Ha. And they definitely attributed ", 'interesting it slightly off topic and not really I was up -- king Arthur flour which so wonderful company from. They told me that more people -- making it forms. Ha. And they definitely attributed to ', 'the White House now remembered as magical. Likened to Camelot popular Broadway play of the time about the legend of  king Arthur . Okay. And now for decades later there is a pretender to that throw. 46 year old Jack Worthington who thinks Kennedy ', 'Camelot -- popular Broadway play of the time about the legend of king Arthur . Okay. And now for decades later there is a pretender to that throw. 46 year old Jack Worthington who thinks Kennedy might ', 'White House now remembered as magical. Likened to Camelot. The popular Broadway play of the time about the legend of  king Arthur . Okay. And now for decades later there is a pretender to that throw. 46 year old Jack Worthington who thinks Kennedy ', 'Camelot. The popular Broadway play of the time about the legend of king Arthur . Okay. And now for decades later there is a pretender to that throw. 46 year old Jack Worthington who thinks Kennedy might ', 'homage to the 1936. Flash Gordon. But Lucas also reached back into the ancient past adapting Greek and Roman myth  king Arthur  and As explained in the documentary empire of dreams. I did return to try to distill everything down to that would ', 'also reached back into the ancient past adapting Greek and Roman myth king Arthur and -- As explained in the documentary empire of dreams. I did return to try to distill everything down to -- that ']