['White Teeth," she went on to write two more successful books. But Smith has openly addressed her trouble with  writer \' s block , which she attributes to her fear of failure. In her collection of essays, "Changing My Mind," Smith wrote ', 'PETER BJORN & JOHN - "GIMME SOME" - Back in 2007, these Swedish tunesmiths topped this list with their album, " Writer \' s Block ." Amazingly, "Gimme Some" is every bit as good as that record. Switching up their sound, the band members turn ', "And then, OOPS : in Clarinda, Iowa he was introduced to a crowd as the Governor of California. Make that Texas.  WRITER ' S BLOCK : And while the Republicans continue to battle it out, is the Obama campaign ready to leap out of the gate with a ", 'Happening in Your Head\' We asked Manning if she ever gets  writer \' s block . "Oh, absolutely," Manning said. "I mean, every day I think I have  writer \' s block . You sit there with the blank pad of paper or the ', 'And now Sting is turning the tables, conducting a musical search for the place he left behind. "I always get  writer \' s block ," said Sting. "You know, there\'s always anxiety. You write a song, you say, \'Well, that\'s good,\' now ', 'you know, I can set a scene here." Brown said he does his best work at 4 a.m. and if he\'s suffering from  writer \' s block , will put on gravity boots like Richard Gere wore in the movie "Gigilo" and hang upside down. "The boots are ', "all been recorded, but singer/songwriter John Roderick can't seem to write the words. He's dealing with his  writer ' s block  in a very public (and very modern) fashion: documenting it on Youtube. In a series of videos called 13SongsWithJohn ", 'drummer Larry Mullen Jr. and bassist Adam Clayton. Horizon\'s lengthy gestation wasn\'t the result of setbacks or  writer \' s block , but rather a geyser of impulses and detours. "We would have loved to finish the album last summer, but the songs ', 'Globe for best comic actor for his lead role as Hank Moody, an oversexed single dad and novelist struggling with  writer \' s block , on "Californication." The show\'s Web site describes Moody as a man who "enjoys life and owns all his various ', 'ticking and dollars were flying out the window." The album is a real feat for Lang, who has said she struggled with  writer \' s block  after the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks. She blamed her musical delay, in part, on the incident. After such a drastic ', "be much for surrender resistant. Amy Adams plays Lois Lane as a hard charging journalists. Well and I can't get  writer ' s block  I'm not wearing a flak jacket. Drawn to the soon to be blessed by his strength and more by his vulnerability ", "Lane as a hard charging journalists. Well -- and I can't get writer's block I'm not wearing a flak jacket. Drawn to the soon to be -- blessed by his strength and more by his vulnerability. ", "be much for surrender fire resistant. Amy Adams plays Lois Lane as a hard charging journalists. Well Bob that get  writer ' s block  I'm not wearing a black Jack and. Drawn to the soon to be blessed by his strength and more by his vulnerability ", "Lois Lane as a hard charging journalists. Well Bob -- that get writer's block I'm not wearing a black Jack and. Drawn to the soon to be -- blessed by his strength and more by his ", "one presuming that was the name hated it goes those horrible saw his kindness pointed. I also this back bandit who didn't like his name needed to get shockingly offended a of the that guy doesn't get  writer ' s block  a to benefit the.", "shockingly offended -- a -- of the -- that guy doesn't get writer's block a -- to benefit the. ", "it's a really great thing. It augments your life in ways you never thought you could. When I would go through  writer ' s block  and all of them were waiting on me, I would think, wow. I have a woman I dig. And she's smart. She's funny ", "in ways you never thought you could. When I would go through writer's block and all of them were waiting on me, I would think, wow. I have a woman I dig. And she's smart. She's ", "pleasure to meet you thanks for coming we really appreciate it thank you so best of luck with his new book thank thirty  writer ' s block  head out. We appreciate having you thank you so much.", "-- best of luck with his new book thank -- -- thirty writer's block -- -- head out. We appreciate having you thank you so much. ", "trying to in a book in earnest. And started I had  writer ' s block  I started to write about the fact that I had  writer ' s block  and somehow I wrote a book. It happened with the caption ", "trying to -- in a book in earnest. And started I had writer's block -- I started to write about the fact that I had writer's block and somehow I wrote a book. It happened with the caption. Yes exactly it's a book a book about writing a book ", "was boy who'd become you've here A biography of life. In the music. It hasn't always come easy always got  writer ' s block  those as it was an anxiety right assumes no that's good no witness an excellent for this time it came from home ", "-- life. In the music. It hasn't always come easy always got writer's block those as it was an anxiety right assumes no that's good -- no witness an excellent -- for this time it came "]