['national anthem was played, followed by three local skydivers jumping onto Clemens Field, the historic old ballpark in  Mark Twain \'s boyhood home of Hannibal, Mo., about 100 miles north of St. Louis. "It was pretty cool," Romanin said ', 'Bloomberg Businessweek listed "10 reasons why Tim Cook dominated Congress," writing that he "spun a tale worthy of  Mark Twain  and emerged not only intact but unscathed. No one laid a glove on him." Key to Cook\'s success were charm, directness ', "PM Note: Mitt Says Marry Early, Have Kids, Obama Says Don't Worry About Obamacare, Gun Debate Festers", "just pack up and go home. (Laughter.) Golly. You know, the - I think it's - it's a little - (chuckles) - as  Mark Twain  said, you know, rumors of my demise may be a little exaggerated at this point. He then launched into an upbraiding ", 'Boston Bombings Battle: President Obama vs. Sen. Lindsey Graham on National Security', 'divided Congress, though Graham sometimes leads the charge against him. READ: Obama: I\'ve Still Got Juice "As  Mark Twain  said, rumors of my demise may be a little exaggerated at this point," the president said today.', 'into his second term, President Obama, paraphrasing  Mark Twain , told reporters, "rumors of my demise are greatly I think it\'s - it\'s a little - (chuckles) - as  Mark Twain  said, you know, rumors of my demise may be a little ', "Washington, D.C., the report's intended audience weighs substance by the pounds of paper. And to paraphrase what  Mark Twain  said: If I had more time, I would have written a shorter letter. The best reports, meetings and articles are those ", "Washington, D.C., the report's intended audience weighs substance by the pounds of paper. And to paraphrase what  Mark Twain  said: If I had more time, I would have written a shorter letter. The best reports, meetings and articles are those ", 'room," according to another traveler, who also noted that young kids on the tour had a blast.  Mark Twain  House, Hartford, Conn.  Mark Twain \'s grandiose home in downtown Hartford has been meticulously restored, and TripAdvisor travelers ', 'News. "He was eager to feed his people, eager to see America. He said he read books about the Mississippi River and  Mark Twain ." Understanding Chinese leaders are akin to reading tea leaves. If little is known about Xi, his fellow Standing ', 'C., where she received the  Mark Twain Prize for American Humor . The award is presented to DeGeneres: The Kennedy Center  Mark Twain  Prize" on October 30. DeGeneres Previous recipients of the  Mark Twain  Prize include Richard Pryor ', 'Three months at Lake Tahoe, a smitten  Mark Twain  writes in his 1862 travelogue Roughing is down from about 100 feet during  Twain \'s day to 70 feet today), the crayfish annual visitors. To truly appreciate  Twain \'s "noble sheet of blue water ', 'Three months at Lake Tahoe, a smitten  Mark Twain  writes in his 1862 travelogue Roughing is down from about 100 feet during  Twain \'s day to 70 feet today), the crayfish annual visitors. To truly appreciate  Twain \'s "noble sheet of blue water ', 'it opened as a simple lodge in 1803, 12 presidents have visited and scores of notable guests like Charles Dickens and  Mark Twain  have walked the halls. In that time, at least three guests have died here. Some believe that the spirits of the unlucky ', "relevant today. In the place where  Mark Twain  launched his literary career who penned the adventures of  Tom Sawyer  and  Huckleberry Finn . Perhaps America's best known play and symposium with the  Mark Twain  project scholars. And here ", 'said in his day is very relevant today. In the place where Mark Twain launched his literary career. This is where he gained his fame from his frog story. And that catapulted. To national attention and ', "society. And uncensored look at the man who penned the adventures of Tom Sawyer and Huckleberry Finn . Perhaps America's best known author and humorist. You might say that he was really. History's original locker -- -- -- -- -- -- Ten will be. The festival will also feature a new play and symposium with the Mark Twain project scholars. And here at the camps restaurant -- Green -- create a gala celebration of his unique contributions to American journalism ", 'pay the fine and ignore it. A lot of people on the left were unhappy. Why are we setting employers off the hook? As  mark twain  said with the death of obamacare is greatly exaggerated. Look, 96% of businesses with 50 or more employees already ', 'left were unhappy. Why are we setting employers off the hook? As mark twain said with the death of obamacare is greatly exaggerated. Look, 96% of businesses with 50 or more employees already provide health insurance. ', "is the oldest known photograph of  Mark Twain  he's fifteen. The young printers Authorized censored autobiography. Of  Mark Twain . In here there's photos of the Angels Camp now preparing for the  Mark Twain  mother festival. Featuring the scholars ", "This is the oldest known photograph of Mark Twain he's fifteen. The young printers apprentice would grow to become the father of American literature doesn't have a lot of white -- yet. He's into his white suits and the place where his stories of jumping frogs catapulted him to fame is now in the international spotlight. This is incredible for this area and here's the reason why this is the first public copy of the complete. Authorized -- censored autobiography. Of Mark Twain . In here there's photos of the pages. His comments is edits 737. Pages compiled from writings -- -- of the master of American letters whose views on imperialism the president. Friends enemies an autobiography. Suppressed for 100 years at twain's request he didn't want to embarrass people he would -- -- his family. But he wanted to tell the truth. A free flow of ideas and family as he wrote of his daughter Susie when -- was thirteen with a slender little -- with late details of copper tinged brown hair down her back. Angels Camp now preparing for the Mark Twain mother -- festival. Featuring the scholars and editors who worked years on the project and if anyone wants to know anything about Mark Twain you'll have the best. Panel of the world to ask those questions a milestone event for this small Sierra town. Really it's ", "It's all the folks that has blessed me with with words of wisdom you know in the best way it's like when  Mark Twain  have  Tom Sawyer . Going to his own funeral he'll look back and you see what kind of impact He had let's face it. Yours ", "words of wisdom you know in the best way it's like when Mark Twain have Tom Sawyer . Going to his own funeral he'll look back and you see what kind of impact He had let's face it. Yours was ", 'through this congress? Well, if you put it that way, jonathan, maybe I should just pack up and go home. Golly, as  mark twain  said, you know, rumors of my demise may be a little exaggerated at this point. Reporter: The problem, he said ', 'jonathan, maybe I should just pack up and go home. Golly, as mark twain said, you know, rumors of my demise may be a little exaggerated at this point. Reporter: The problem, he said, is with ', "Gliding along justice have since  mark twain 's earliest memories. On this times. This is the stuff you know  Tom Sawyer Mark Twain  has written about and here we are this same night. Of steamboat life  Twain  wrote it is all us training pool ", "The delta queen graceful as ever. Gliding along justice -- have since mark twain's earliest memories. On this voyage -- her majesty is tinged with melancholy. The last of the great stern wheelers is steaming toward ", 'Corrigan have come back 22 times. This is the stuff you know Tom Sawyer Mark Twain has written about and here we are in the 21 century. Living this same night. Of steamboat life Twain wrote it is all us training pool and propose fullest dreamland. Nothing to hang -- or worry upon but now the delta ', 'he brought his skills to the occasional guest spot into animated projects. In 1999 he was awarded the  mark twain prize for american humor , a fitting tribute for a comedy legend. He died in montecito, california, friday, he was 87 years old ', 'occasional guest spot into animated projects. In 1999 he was awarded the mark twain prize for american humor a fitting tribute for a comedy legend. He died in montecito, california, friday, he was 87 years old. Such a funny man. ']