['NEW: 70% of ministerial posts filled, interim prime minister says, state media reports', 'Osama Morsy calls his dad\'s ouster "a coup on democracy ... the constitution and the will of the people"', 'He has not spoken to his father since Mohamed Morsy was taken into custody by the armed forces', 'Cairo (CNN) -- Wearing a purple polo and stylish Ray Ban sunglasses, Osama Morsy strolled into the interview room calm, confident, and defiant.', '"What do I see in the coming days? That the revolution will succeed and that the legitimate leader will return," he said. "The Egyptian people will never again be scared or petrified of a tank or terrorized by detention."', "A little more than a week ago, Osama's father, former President Mohamed Morsy, was forcibly ousted by the Egyptian military and swiftly replaced with a civilian transitional government.", '"This is a coup of the revolution, a coup on democracy, a coup on the constitution and the will of the people. The defense minister is essentially saying to the millions that voted in presidential elections and on the constitutional referendum, \'you don\'t know what is best for you. I know what is best for you\'."', "Despite the younger Morsy's outrage at his father's ouster, the new government is continuing to fill posts. Interim Prime Minister Hazem El-Beblawi said that 70% of the choices for ministers and ministerial posts have been completed, according to the state-run al-Ahram news agency. The final formation of the government is expected to be announced Monday, according to al-Ahram.", "A man with a pistol, second left, and opponents of Egypt's former President Mohamed Morsy detain a suspected Morsy supporter who was wounded during clashes in Cairo, Egypt, on Monday, July 22. Supporters and opponents of Morsy's clashed Monday near Tahrir Square, leaving at least one person dead. See photos of protests that have engulfed the country.", 'Men evacuate an injured opponent of Morsy during clashes with Morsy supporters in Cairo on July 22.', 'A man fires a gun during clashes between opponents and supporters of Morsy in Cairo on July 22.', 'A riot police officer aims rubber bullets toward Morsy supporters in Cairo on July 22.', 'A Morsy supporter, center, who was allegedly beaten by opponents of Morsy runs during clashes in Cairo on July 22.', 'Supporters of Morsy pause for Friday prayers on July 19 at Nasr City in Cairo, where protesters have installed their camp and held daily rallies.', 'Morsy supporters take part in a protest march near government ministry buildings on Wednesday, July 17, in Cairo.', 'A Morsy supporter is held back by riot police during a rally near Tahrir Square on July 17.', 'A supporter of the Muslim Brotherhood and of Morsy covers his mouth under the 6th October Bridge in Cairo on Tuesday, July 16.', 'A riot police officer fires tear gas toward Morsy supporters during clashes in Cairo on Monday, July 15.', "Egyptians in Cairo's Tahrir Square pray before breaking their fast on the third day of Ramadan, the sacred holy month for Muslims, on Friday, July 12. ", 'Supporters of the deposed Morsy rally in Nasr City, Egypt, a suburb of Cairo, on Monday, July 8. ', 'A man reacts after seeing the body of a family member at the Liltaqmeen al-Sahy Hospital in Cairo, allegedly killed during a sit-in supporting Morsy in front of the Republican Guard headquarters on July 8.', 'Injured men receive medical attention after clashes between supporters of Morsy and security forces in Cairo on July 8.', 'Opponents of Mohamed Morsy gather at Tahrir Square during a protest in Cairo on Sunday, July 7.', 'Supporters of Morsy pray next to the headquarters of the Republican Guards in Cairo on Saturday, July 6, during the funeral of seven people killed during clashes. ', 'People carry coffins on July 6 of two Morsy opponents who were killed during clashes in Cairo.', 'A Morsy supporter joins protests near the University of Cairo in Giza on July 6.', "A protester is attended to in Cairo's Tahrir Square during fighting between the pro- and anti-Morsy crowds on July 5.", 'An Egyptian military helicopter hovers over supporters of the Muslim Brotherhood and deposed President Mohamed Morsy in Cairo on July 5.', "Morsy supporters hold up their bloodstained hands after Egypt's armed forces opened fire on rally in front of the Republican Guard headquarters in Cairo on July 5.", 'Morsy supporters carry a man who was shot during clashes next to the Republican Guard headquarters in Cairo on July 5. State broadcaster Nile TV said a number of those backing the deposed leader were wounded as they tried to storm the headquarters, where Morsy reportedly was being held.', 'A wounded man is helped following the gun battle outside the headquarters of the Republican Guard on July 5.', 'Egyptians hold portraits of Gen. Abdel-Fatah El-Sisi reading "Come down, Sisi" as they gather in Cairo\'s landmark Tahrir Square on July 5.', 'Morsy supporters react to an explosion during clashes with police officers on July 5 outside Cairo University in Giza.', 'Egyptian Army soldiers stand guard at the Cairo headquarters of the Republican Guard on July 5 as an Apache attack helicopter flies overhead.', 'Protesters take cover from tear gas during clashes outside the headquarters of the Republican Guard in Cairo on July 5.', "Egyptians watch fireworks in Tahrir Square on Thursday, July 4, the day after Morsy's ouster.", 'A Morsy supporter holds a poster of the deposed president during a July 4 rally in Nasr City.', 'Egyptians cheer and wave national flags as airplanes fly above Tahrir Square on July 4, leaving a trail of smoke in the colors of the national flag.', 'An opposition protester chants slogans against Morsy near Cairo University, where Muslim Brotherhood supporters gathered on July 4 to show support for the ousted president.', 'A Morsy supporter shows his bloodied shirt during a July 4 rally near the University of Cairo.', 'A young Egyptian boy shoots off fireworks during celebrations in Tahrir Square on July 4.', "Adly Mansour, center, stands after delivering a speech during his swearing-in ceremony as Egypt's interim president in the Supreme Constitutional Court in Cairo on July 4. Mansour has served as the head of the country's Supreme Constitutional Court.", 'Armored vehicles with the Egyptian army sit at a checkpoint in the Cairo district of Nasr City on July 4.', 'A Morsy supporter reacts as a military helicopter flies over during a July 4 rally in Nasr City.', 'A boy with face paint the color of the Egyptian flag pauses on July 4 in Tahrir Square.', 'A member of the Egyptian military redirects traffic on July 4 at a roadblock in Giza.', 'For the millions of Egyptians who packed the streets in a nationwide revolt on June 30 and screamed "Leave!" at Mohamed Morsy, the word "coup" is an insult, a dirty term that denigrates what they believe is revolution redux, but Osama vehemently disagrees.', '"June 30 was not a revolution! And history will never record it as a revolution. And no one, not the American administration or anyone else, can call it a revolution. Why? Because there is no revolution in the world that brings military rule. There is no revolution in the word that cancels the ballot box."', "That sentiment was echoed by Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan Thursday at a dinner in Ankara, according to Turkey's semi-official news outlet Anadoly Agency.", '"Every military coup, regardless of its target, country and reason, is the murderer of the democracy, people and the future of the country," Erdogan said, adding that protests in Tahrir Square did not legalize the coup.', 'With a 48-hour deadline imposed by the military looming, Mohamed Morsy spoke to his son for the last time before addressing the country on state television on July 2.', '"I asked him on a personal level, as a son, for him to remain defiant and move forward and not retreat in the face of the armed forces," he said. "The Mohamed Morsy that I know is a point of pride as a son, so the Mohamed Morsy that would back down or flee would be shameful to me, even if he stayed president."', 'Former President Morsy is currently being held in an undisclosed location for his "personal safety," Egyptian armed forces spokesman Col. Ahmed Ali told CNN, but for a son missing his father, these reassurances are meaningless.', '"Don\'t worry about his personal safety. No one, not the defense ministry or interior ministry, should worry about his personal safety," Osama said sarcastically. "If the situation is to hold him in this immoral and illegal detention, then he must be released! And if it is a legal detention, then I welcome that, and let us follow the law."', 'The green-eyed father of two had refused to speak in his broken English until the moment he was asked whether he tried to contact his father in custody.', '"I am a part of the revolution and I am stronger than asking one of (the military), \'please let me speak to my dad.\' No! We are in a revolution. A new wave of the January 25 revolution ... our democracy path, we will not let it go."', 'The January 25 revolution of 2011 led to the ouster of longtime President Hosni Mubarak.', 'Hundreds of Muslim Brotherhood supporters remain in detention, and the public prosecutor has issued dozens of arrest warrants for top leadership, but the younger Morsy chose to meet in broad daylight at one of the most recognizable mosques in Cairo.', '"The revolution will succeed. The revolution that ended the Mubarak regime will continue strong. We know no other way than success," Osama continued. "This is a peaceful revolution against a bloody coup, but this revolution will be even more important than January 25 because it will strike at the root. This time the revolution will confront the apparatuses of Mubarak, not just the man himself."', 'More than two years after a popular uprising toppled former President Hosni Mubarak\'s 30-year dictatorship, Egypt\'s various political factions struggle for the ownership of their beloved "thawra," or revolution, a faceless and leaderless movement both the Brotherhood and its organized opposition seek to co-opt.', '"We elected (Morsy) and succeeded him so he can confront challenges by the principles of the revolution, the concepts of a democratic transition, with sound democracy, and in this transition, individuals are not as important as the will of the masses."', 'Over and over again, the 30-year-old judge repeated the well-being of his father is secondary to the principles of democracy and the demands of thousands of pro-Morsy supporters staging a sit-in just outside the window. On Thursday, Morsy supporters continued their sit-in at Rabaa El-Adawiya and has planned to break their Ramadan fast there, Nile State TV reported.', '"Mohamed Morsy, even though he is the president and even though he is elected and the legitimate leader, and despite his international standing and his role in the revolution,n he is not more important than the people killed at the Republican Guard," Osama said, referring to the deaths of 51 people in clashes earlier this week.', 'Despite his bold resilience, Osama longed to reach out to his missing father. He turned, looked straight into the camera and delivered this message:', '"Dad, you are the legitimate leader, you are the elected leader and elected president. We back any decision you take, even if you decided to leave the office. Your family, we are all proud of you. God bless you."', "CNN's Hamdi Alkhshali, Ali Younes, Mohammed Tawfeeq and journalist Sarah El Sirgany contributed to this report.", 'Egyptian satirist Bassem Youssef warns against the "victory high\' some feel after Morsy\'s ouster.', "Egyptians are split over Morsy's ouster. Where some see cause to celebrate, supporters of the former president see a coup plot.", "CNN's Karl Penhaul talks to the parents of a photographer who documented his own death while covering clashes in Cairo. ", 'Voices from both side of the Egyptian crisis share their feelings during a week of political turmoil and violence.', "CNN's Ben Wedeman says Egypt's ousted Mohamed Morsy paid the price for failing to meet the raised expectations of his people. His replacements face the same challenge. ", 'Experts weigh in on how the recent coup in Egypt will impact both the nation and the rest of the region. ', 'Gang rape is an often overlooked aspect of the Egyptian revolution, writes Nina Burleigh. ', "Street protests lead to the end of Egypt's first democratically elected president.", 'Egyptians who campaigned to end the Morsy presidency explain why they protested. ']