["books and met and is a lot around I know a lot of are shot. And thirty anger and everything got ready for a lot of fans now  Stephanie Meyer  has a giant legion of fans and I think you'll tune up in this movie opens up congratulations. thank you very much but ", "thirty anger and everything got ready for a lot of fans now Stephanie Meyer has a giant legion of fans and I think you'll tune up in this movie opens up congratulations. -- thank you very ", 'Check out scenes from the romantic thriller "Twilight" due in theaters 12/12/08.', 'and standard and then. Every now and then I have to be  Stephanie Meyer  and going to in cameras pointed at me but general I gets how tyrant I have to forget the whole world when I do it.  Stephanie Meyer  congratulations on the success thank you for joining us ', "and standard and then. Every now and then I have to be Stephanie Meyer and going to -- in -- cameras pointed at me but general -- I gets to streaming it's cool. Leo we have ", 'I have to forget the whole world when I do it. -- Stephanie Meyer congratulations on the success thank you for joining us I want to tell me one more thing about -- Have to ask ', "parties crazed fans and eagerly awaited best sounds familiar right. No it's not the latest Harry potter book it's author  Stephanie Meyer  created another. Fantasy world that has her fans snatching the books right off the shelves. The latest came on at midnight ", "right. No it's not the latest Harry -- potter book it's author Stephanie Meyer -- created another. Fantasy world that has her fans snatching the books right off the shelves. The latest came on at midnight ", "surrounding a series of books when  Stephanie Meyer 's last novel breaking dawn hit bookstores now with her latest breaking dawn.  Stephanie Meyer  has captured her teenage fans with romance It's really amazing and.  Stephanie Meyer  was raised in Phoenix and went to ", "again. Has there been such excitement surrounding a series of books when Stephanie Meyer's last novel breaking dawn hit bookstores early this month. It sold one point three million copies. In the first day. ABC's Brian ", 'less than three years ago and now with her latest breaking dawn. Stephanie Meyer has captured her teenage fans with a series of books. Average girl named Bella Swan who falls in love with the luminous ', "-- sneak up in that passionate romance -- It's really amazing and. Stephanie Meyer was raised in Phoenix and went to Brigham Young University she's Mormon and now the mother of three young children. See you ", 'than $3 billion worldwide. Now,  stephenie meyer  brings us another hotly anticipated chicago. We\'re excited to have  stephenie meyer  back with us this morning. You brought on friday. You can see more with  stephenie meyer  on "night line" tonight with juju ', "a box office bran chiz, grossing their than $3 billion worldwide. Now, stephenie meyer brings us another hotly anticipated, other-worldly romance. We've been invaded by another species who erase our minds and take our bodies. Reporter: ", 'morning america," juju cha chang, abc news, chicago. We\'re excited to have stephenie meyer back with us this morning. You brought a few friends. Man, you have done it again. I told you before we came ', 'you. "The most" opens nationwide on friday. You can see more with stephenie meyer on "night line" tonight with juju. ', '"Breaking Dawn" is the latest book in  Stephenie Meyer\'s  series about vampires.', 'to talk to you about the outfits. We have a lot to discuss. Let\'s talk about what drew you to this project. Well,  stephenie meyer  and loved "twilight." It was totally team edward so, you know -- mtoo, by the way. Were you? So it\'s always fun ', 'to discuss. Let\'s talk about what drew you to this project. Well, stephenie meyer and loved "twilight." It was totally team edward so, you know -- mtoo, by the way. Were you? So it\'s always fun. ', "after Edward and bella in twilight  Stephanie Meyer  tells us her recipe for success species romance but twilight grader  Stephanie Meyer  has changed all that. Capturing hearts much it's stunning to me that use  Stephanie Meyer  mega star. Is insecure. Aren't ", "-- -- Well -- life after Edward and bella in twilight -- Stephanie Meyer tells us her recipe for success. And what's next for this romance revolutionary. Vampires and Wear wolves used to be scary lead characters -- Halloween -- Not hard -- -- in love stories that make teenage girls everywhere pint for inter species romance but twilight grader Stephanie Meyer has changed all that. Capturing hearts and minds around the world. -- stories are already worth billions. And is ABC's juju Chang ", "thing -- bombarded by so much it's stunning to me that use Stephanie Meyer mega star. Is insecure. Aren't he's never -- I feel like you know the more the more famous -- whenever someone is ", "taking down the Twilight Saga. Breaking dawn part that the high don't make you puke. Part one because. The flip over  Stephanie Meyer  only wrote three of them so they couldn't not making more money so they the book have been made movies out of it. And ", "the high don't make you puke. Part one because. The flip over Stephanie Meyer only wrote three of them so they couldn't -- not making more money so they -- the book -- have been made ", 'mother of two teenage boys who worked at the BBC in London. Then she read this the blockbuster twilight series by author  Stephanie Meyer  which chronicles the romance between teenager Bella Swan. And her vampire boyfriend at. Word of settlements and villages ', 'in London. Then she read this the blockbuster twilight series by author Stephanie Meyer which chronicles the romance between teenager Bella Swan. And her vampire boyfriend at. Word of settlements and villages -- at the moment ', "stories it's. The narrative is it is a constant source of fascination to people and to me as well. And you never read the  Stephanie Meyer  books never that all happened. Have a bit after I started the book and I observe the kind of going on in the background ", 'people and to me as well. And you never -- read the Stephanie Meyer books never -- that all happened. Have a bit after I started the book and I observe the kind of going on ', "Value. bedside table. Let's put it. And from one the best this that the combat it and when you cast in this series.  Stephanie Meyer  passed. Is He ready to be Were you ready to be the I think may have been president elaborate today I mean it's not sticking ", '-- that the combat it and when you cast in this series. Stephanie Meyer passed. Is He ready to be -- -- Were you ready to be the I think may have been president elaborate today ', "around the campfire or not her you're better And I you know  Stephanie Meyer  too doesn't need any publicity however this book this It's a short second life of tanner. I think the secret to  Stephanie Meyer 's success as a writer she really knows her character's ", "-- -- -- -- you're better -- -- And I you know Stephanie Meyer too doesn't need any publicity however this book this -- right. It's a short second life of -- tanner. I think the secret to Stephanie Meyer's success as a writer she really knows her character's mind if this is the most minor character in the book eclipse which ", "Webcast: Health Care Bill's Senate Struggles, Panic at Three Mile Island and 50 Cent's CD Reviewed", "dated in a way and then and then yes that the twilight books upon which the movies they're based. We're written by  Stephanie Meyer  of Mormon who makes her lead vampire Dan noble protector of his love interest bella. Which may explain why the movie is ", "the twilight books upon which the movies they're based. We're written by Stephanie Meyer of Mormon who makes her lead vampire -- -- -- Dan noble protector of his love interest bella. Which may explain why ", "play is for youth BB king and Keith Urban are among the records guest collaborators. And finally for the weekend is six  Stephanie Meyer 's popular twilight book series has become a multi media beat her hungry fans. Iron and wine Perry Farrell abuse of power ", "among the records guest collaborators. And finally for the weekend is six Stephanie Meyer's popular twilight book series has become a multi media beat her hungry fans. Iron and wine Perry Farrell abuse of power more. ", "from the scene of us. It's all reinvention of author  Stephanie Meyer  who created that average girl other average girls could years. And it Bram Stoker was the father of vampires.  Stephanie Meyer  is the literary mother research did you. Happy vampire ", "would listening from the scene of us. It's all reinvention of author Stephanie Meyer who created that average girl other average girls could admire and Edward the boy they could only hope war. -- -- Nations ", "least 200 years. And it Bram Stoker was the father of vampires. Stephanie Meyer is the literary mother -- research did you. Happy -- vampire. Barely any at all I'm I was breaking the rules so ", 'teeth into the twilight star. Twilight has become a worldwide phenomenon and the plot all started out as a dream of author  Stephanie Meyer . Think behind me you have all these amazing. to have this kind of responses. Once stay at home mother of three has gone ', 'phenomenon and the plot all started out as a dream of author Stephanie Meyer . Think behind me you have all these amazing. -- to have this kind of responses. Once stay at home mother of three ', "and send them how Edwards played by 22 year old British actor Robert Pattinson has become the newest heartthrob. Author  Stephanie Meyer  says that thirst for blood finds good manners is what gives the story that. It's not just like forget because my hurts ", "year old British actor Robert Pattinson has become the newest heartthrob. Author Stephanie Meyer says that thirst for blood finds -- good manners is what gives the story that. It's not just like forget because my "]