['DriverLicense-Assistance.com is a privately owned website that is not owned or operated by any government agency', "With our DMV experts, we will help you get a driver's license even when you're under 18 years old. We have listed down all the requirements to make your application easier and faster.", "At DriverLicense-Assistance.com, we will give you all the details you need for your driver's license renewal. We make sure that you will not spend hundreds of dollars to get this done.", 'DriverLicense-Assistance.com has already gathered the most updated information for your state to make sure you avoid the hassle of renewing your license.', "A lot of states will ask you to submit a police report if you lost your driver's license and we will help you learn all the requirements you need to replace your lost card.", 'We know that driving without a license is an illegal act and we are here to help you get one.', 'Disclaimer: DriverLicense-Assistance.com is not owned or operated or licensed by, nor affiliated with any federal, state, county, or city government and is not owned, operated or affiliated with any state Department of Motor vehicles. DriverLicense-Assistance.com contains general information with respect to United States DMV Offices for informational and educational purposes only and to help you bypass government websites. None of our fees are collected for the actual forms which can often be obtained free of charge online by locating and accessing the website used by your state Department of Motor Vehicles and following the instructions on that site. Our charges are to be used for online assistance service, bandwidth and marketing expenses.  Our services are not a replacement for working directly with your local DMV. We do not claim any authority to act on behalf of, nor that we are endorsed, affiliated with, sponsored or sanctioned by, any federal, state or local government agency. DriverLicense-Assistance.com is not a law firm and does not provide legal representation. Any price indicated on this site does not include application or filing fees that may be charged by the DMV Offices or by any other agency. Please note that your access to and use of this site is subject to additional terms and conditions described here.']