["Here's your chance to win a spotlight performance when you enter the Jersey Shore Soundoff!", 'New Jersey Homeowners, Renters and Small Business Owners Can Apply for Assistance Here.', 'Join in the fun of National Tug of War Day as we bring the competition to the coastline of Seaside Park and turn the beach into Stronger than the Storm Stadium - the ultimate battleground to prove that you and your teammates are the strongest at the Shore.', 'Tie up those swimsuits, slip on those flip-flips and come down to Barnegat Bay for a day full of summer fun! Beginning on Monday, July 22, join Stronger than the Storm in Shelter Cove in Toms River for Boats and Boards at Barnegat Bay - an active day of water sports and beach games. And the best part, it is free for you and your family!', 'The Jersey Shore is an integral part of New Jersey and its culture, the shore has rallied for the past seven months and has performed a stellar job with the cleanup efforts after Superstorm Sandy. The Jersey Shore has 45 glorious beaches open and ready for you and your family to enjoy this summer.', 'Summer is in full swing, and we know all the hot spots when it comes to having a good time down at the Shore. So grab your calendar and your pen, and let us guide you as your personal, virtual summer social chairman for the month of July!', 'The Jersey Shore is open and ready for summer!  From beaches and hotels to restaurants and shopping, let us help you plan the perfect getaway. See you there!', 'Superstorm Sandy may have done damage, but it takes more than that to destroy our spirit. Now New Jersey homeowners, renters and small business owners still in need can find information on assistance, and sign up for the latest updates through the Sandy Recovery Website.', "Friday, July 26, 2013The 15th Annual Cape  May County Bar Foundation's Race JudicataFriday, July 26, 20136:30pmSea Isle City, NJThe Cape May County Bar Foundation presents Race Judicata on Friday, July 26th.This 5K beach run and 1k walk will raise college tuition money for deserving Cape May County high school students. The race will start at JFK Boulevard on the beach in Sea Isle City. Race divisions are as follows: female or male, by age: 14 & under, 15-19; 20-29; 30-39; 40-49; 50-59; 60-69, 70-79; and 80 and up.Registrations are open and will be accepted on race day beginning at 5:00 PM at JFK Boulevard and the Promenade. T-shirts are available for participants while supplies lasts. For more information and to register, please see http://www.cmcba5k.org/Raid date for this event is July 27th.", "Co-Ed Ultimate Beach Frisbee TournamentFriday, July 26, 20139:00am - 5:00pmWildwood, NJIt's the largest beach Frisbee tournament in the world!Come out to watch Ultimate Frisbee 4-on-4 teams compete July 26th through July 28th on the beach from Oak to Rio Grande Avenues in Wildwood, New Jersey.More than 400 teams from all over the US will compete in the tournament. Games will be played from 9:00 AM until 5:00 PM daily. Contact (856)-696-9705 for more information or visit http://www.wildwoodsnj.com/calendar.cfm?mode=results&coe_id=1028Saturday, July 27, 2013Record Album Art of Andy WarholSaturday, July 27, 20137:00pm - 10:00pmAsbury Park, NJCovers, a new gallery from Greetings from Geralyn in the Asbury Park Convention Hall, will feature record cover art designed by Andy Warhol. This fun and colorful collection of record album covers will be on display though September 15th. The grand opening will be celebrated on Saturday, July 27th with live music at 7:00 PM by The Shady Street Show Band.Entrance to this event is free!For more information, please visit http://www.etsy.com/people/geralyngray", "The 3rd Annual Soulsational FestivalSaturday, July 27, 201311:00am - 8:00pmBayville, NJThis isn't just an event, it's an experience! Come to Soulsational, An All Day FREE Summer Concert on July 27th at Veteran's Park in Bayville, New Jersey.Soulsational was created to honor, learn, share, and explore the many healing modalities, practitioners, organizations, and businesses devoted to health and wellness right here on the Jersey Shore. The goal is to increase green, holistic, organic, healthy, and healing awareness and positive living in our community, build the local economy and offer to all those involved an experience like no other. Beyond some of the best local wellness practitioners, businesses, and products, the Soulsational Music and Wellness Festival makes for a fun day. Along with live music, there will be interactive (and free!) classes and exhibits, healthy foods, and other activities.Donations are suggested- guests are welcome to bring a food pantry donation, a new/gently used toy, or school supplies. Donations and funds raised will directly support the education and awareness of complementary and alternative medicine and healthier living options and be given to chosen local charities.For more information, please visit http://www.livepositivelytoday.com/soulsational-home", 'Wild Half Mile Kids MarathonSaturday, July 27, 201310:00am - 1:00pmWildwoods, New JerseyMorey\'s Piers invites kids to get fit and participate in their first "marathon". The Wild Half Mile, a run for kids 12 and under, will begin at the Wildwoods Convention Center and follow one half mile of the Boardwalk ending at Mariner\'s Landing Pier on Schellenger Avenue. Registration will be held at  The Wildwoods Convention Center from 8:00 AM-10:00 AM day of.Kids are encouraged to show their "wild side" by dressing in animal print or wearing animal ears, tails and/or noses. Marathon begins at 10:30 AM. Contact (609)-522-3900 or go to http://www.MoreysPiers.com for more information.', "Antique Show and SaleSaturday, July 27, 20139:30am - 2:00pmSt Francis Community CenterFind all kinds of treasures from the past at St. Francis Community Center's Antique Show and Sale that will be held on Saturday, July 27th from 9:30 AM to 4:00 PM and on Sunday, July 28th from 9:30 AM to 2:00 PM. Shoppers will find vintage and estate jewelry, ladies accessories, glassware, tools, fine china, and so much more.  St. Francis Community Center is located at 4700 Long Beach Blvd., in Long Beach Township, New Jersey. Admission is $1.00. For more information please call the St. Francis Community Center at 609-494-8861 or go online to www.stfranciscenterlbi.org. ", 'Just Peachy FestivalSaturday, August 3, 201310:00am - 5:00pmTerhune OrchardsCelebrate Jersey Fresh and one of the state\'s favorite fruits by joining  Terhune Orchards for its inaugural Just Peachy Festival August 3rd and 4th.  The festival is free and will include live music both days. The weekend will be filled with plenty of activities for kids, including a ride through the orchards on our tractor-drawn wagons, pony rides, games and barnyard fun.Food will be available for purchase at Pam\'s food tent, which will offer lots of tasty peach treats like peach pie, peach cobbler, sliced peaches and cream, and peach salsa. Jammin\' Crepes will be selling peach crepes on Sunday. Other tasty summer fare will also be available for purchase. Adults can sample wines including Terhune\'s award-winning Just Peachy wine. Terhune Orchards is also taking part in the New Jersey Peach Promotion Council\'s first "Perfect Peach Pie" contest. The contest is open to any amateur baker and must be either a peach pie or peach cobbler. The entries will be judged at Terhune Orchards at 1:00 PM on Sunday during the Just Peachy Festival. To enter, please fill out this form http://www.terhuneorchards.com/images/pdf/peach%20nj%20release%2013%20pie%20contest%20registration.pdfFor more information about the event, please visit http://www.terhuneorchards.com/eventpage_peachfest.html ', '\t\t\tTown Officials can download Stronger than the Storm local promotional elements here.']