["does reach a lot of people, it doesn't necessarily mean they're going to do anything. Perpetual mind-blower  Malcolm Gladwell  made the case a couple years ago that social networks aren't the best way to bring about social change. He used ", 'through the whole report, and heard much of the response, and a few things struck me: Like most reports, or books by  Malcolm Gladwell , it could have been summed up with many less pages and words. It probably just needed 15 pages instead of 100 ', 'through the whole report, and heard much of the response, and a few things struck me: Like most reports, or books by  Malcolm Gladwell , it could have been summed up with many less pages and words. It probably just needed 15 pages instead of 100 ', 'incredible amount of time preparing for their moment at the Olympics is obvious. In the book " Outliers , The Story of Success,"  Malcolm Gladwell  writes, "To become a grandmaster also seems to take about 10 years. (Only the legendary Bobby ', 'work of TED speakers and their ideas, and featuring playlists of great TEDTalks on ABCNews.com. " Tipping Point " author  Malcolm Gladwell  gets inside the food industry\'s pursuit of the perfect spaghetti sauce -- and makes a larger argument ', "Bill Simmons: 'The Sports Guy' Talks About His New Website, 'Basketball Jesus' and Making Sure His Kids Are Boston Fans", 'showcase a powerhouse roster of writers, including pop culture critic Chuck Klosterman and  Malcolm Gladwell , the best-selling writer for The  New Yorker . Nevertheless, Simmons insists that he\'s still the "Sports Guy." "I\'ve got the title ', "Excerpt: Susan Engel's 'Red Flags or Red Herrings?: Predicting Who Your Child Will Become'", "you don't need to be tested to show that you are forty points smarter than other people. And as  Malcolm Gladwell  has argued in his book  Outliers , above a certain level of intelligence, the difference doesn't, for the most part, matter when ", "Want to Know What 'GMA' Anchors Robin Roberts and George Stephanopoulos Like to Read?", 'entertainment, academia, business and media, including Taylor Swift, Sir James Dyson, Venus Williams, Jodi Picoult,  Malcolm Gladwell , Judy Blume, President George H.W. Bush, and "GMA" anchors Robin Roberts and George Stephanopoulos. Robins\'s ', "code-share partner in 1999 shortly after an accident. An often-told tale, which resurfaced recently in  Malcolm Gladwell 's book  Outliers , assigns blame for a Korean Air crash in Guam in 1997 on the carrier's hierarchical cultural legacy that ", 'that\'s exactly what we are trying to avoid. As  Malcolm Gladwell  says about his book  Blink , "When you meet someone for the first time seconds to jump to a series of conclusions. Well,  Blink  is a book about those two seconds." What will ', 'have to find the killer. Non-Fiction  Outliers  " Outliers " by  Malcolm Gladwell  is the book everyone is already talking thinking. Like his other books, "The  Tipping Point " and " Blink ," " Outliers " will be the topic of conversation at ', 'The best-selling author of "The  Tipping Point " and " Blink " is back with a new book. In his latest offering -- titled " Outliers " --  Malcolm Gladwell  takes a look at how people rise to the top ', 'Bestselling author of the  tipping point  and  blink  is back with a new book in his latest offering which is titled out liars.  Malcolm Gladwell  takes a look at how people rise to the top of their ', "Bestselling author of the tipping point and blink is back with a new book in his latest offering which is titled out liars. Malcolm Gladwell takes a look at how people rise to the top of their professions and glad wells theory. It's not always the brightest ", 'from the webcast the best selling author of the  tipping point  and  blink  is back with a new book in his latest offering which is titled out liars.  Malcolm Gladwell  takes a look at how people rise to the top of their ', "year. And finally from the webcast the best selling author of the tipping point and blink is back with a new book in his latest offering which is titled out liars. Malcolm Gladwell takes a look at how people rise to the top of their professions and -- theory. It's not always the brightest but ", 'gets murdered. And then you have some nonfiction selections that are really fascinating  Malcolm Gladwell  slate as He courtroom Lincoln that  tipping point  right and He is out flyers is this book is about on the success of what makes people successful ', 'murdered. And then you have some nonfiction selections that are really fascinating Malcolm Gladwell slate as He courtroom Lincoln that tipping point right and He is out flyers is this book is about on the success of what makes people successful I would give ', 'about his girls. Passing and and because you are running the risks of forfeiting your own children.  Malcolm Gladwell  authored the book  blink  an examination. Of how we make those split second decisions. Are has got two halves. the half we used ', 'and because you are running the risks of forfeiting your own children. Malcolm Gladwell authored the book blink an examination. Of how we make those split second decisions. Are -- has got two halves. -- the half we used to ', "launching a new web site this week old Lan dot com. Which will showcase a powerhouse roster of flavors including  Malcolm Gladwell  is Chuck Close it. New website is going to be 7% sports they're in some pop culture and and strategists on some ", "Lan dot com. Which will showcase a powerhouse roster of flavors including Malcolm Gladwell is Chuck Close -- it. New website is going to be 7% sports they're in some pop culture and and strategists on ", 'and these. Were intense looking books innocent or apple leases the world is flat by Thomas Friedman and point by  Malcolm Gladwell  of these there. Big idea books and as we are reading these books are mines are really open to all how much bigger ', 'apple leases the world is flat by Thomas Friedman and point by Malcolm Gladwell -- of these there. Big idea books and as we are reading these books are mines are really open to all how ']