["Popcorn with Peter Travers:Andy Serkis is the Gollum in Peter Jackson's The Hobbit ", "costume and makeup that's that news. How long do you have to work to do this well. I mean during the original  Lord of the Rings  it was his peak period of recession the character working. How he sounded than how he would move from. was placed ", 'have to work to do this well. I mean during the original Lord of the Rings it was his peak period of recession the character working. How he sounded than how he would move from. -- was placed ', 'He is known by so many as proto from the legendary trilogy  Lord of the Rings  but now Elijah Wood is taking on a very different type of role. Playing a violent serial killer in the remake of the 1980 cult ', 'He is known by so many as proto from the legendary trilogy Lord of the Rings but now Elijah Wood is taking on a very different type of role. Playing a violent serial killer in the remake of ', "what's going on in the pop culture not just movies and today's guest Elijah Wood. Well you know him as proto in The  Lord of the Rings  trilogy but now He has TV series on FX scored will for it. And this is show in which He talks to adult. Who's ", "today's guest Elijah Wood. Well you know him as proto in The Lord of the Rings trilogy but now He has -- TV series on FX scored will for it. And this is -- show in which He ", 'Director Peter Jackson and " The Hobbit " characters appear in in-flight film for Air New Zealand.', "beyond Saddam Bob what does congress would like Captain Scarlet all you know. a a lot of intentionally a lot The  Lord of the Rings  a generation monsters yeah great nation that was that was So long. God's love child all of them. That's really ", "-- -- -- a lot of -- intentionally a lot -- The Lord of the Rings -- a generation -- -- monsters -- -- yeah -- -- great nation that was that was -- So long. God's love ", "that would like Captain Scarlet although you know eventually a lot to be a lot of the conventionally a lot like The  Lord of the Rings  movies a generation ago did monsters were yeah you know explanation that was that was. So. God's love got all ", "lot to be a lot of the conventionally a lot like The Lord of the Rings movies a generation ago did monsters were -- yeah you know explanation that was that was. So. God's love got -- -- ", 'Popcorn with Peter Travers:Andy Serkis on being a performance capture specialist', "just to adjust your just who just Your way here in the school but you you've talked about the adjustment from The  Lord of the Rings  movies to the hub what haven't you also did King this. Kennedy just wearing a little thing on your head when you're ", "in the school but you you've talked about the adjustment from The Lord of the Rings movies to the hub -- -- what haven't you also did King -- -- this. Kennedy just wearing a little thing on ", 'FACT, THEY JOKE On the official police website, "you may responsibly get baked, order some pizzas and enjoy a \' lord of the rings \' marathon in the privacy of your own home." But even though it\'s legal to have it, it\'s not yet legal to ', 'a definite link between good reviews and good sales especially in economy and mid hotels. Games dot living says  Lord of the Rings  has top notch production with actual dialogue and music. From the and players can join game without disrupting its ', 'and mid -- hotels. Games dot -- living -- says -- -- Lord of the Rings has top notch production with actual dialogue and music. From the -- and players can join -- -- game without disrupting its. ', "is Peter Jackson this is the idea that he did. But  Lord of the Rings  trilogy won the Oscar made more money more anybody although I think I might be up to hear a little bit with  Lord of the Rings  kind of trust Peter Jackson when he's working in ", "This is Peter Jackson this is the idea that he did. But Lord of the Rings trilogy won the Oscar made more money -- more -- -- anybody in New Zealand has ever made before. And now he's doing the prequel to -- told us stories in the -- and he decided he was gonna make two movies now -- decided now I'm -- -- three movies but this is the beginning of everything and this is the holiday movie that. Hollywood thinks will -- in all the -- I'm. Semi excited although I think I might be up to hear a little bit with Lord of the Rings -- kind of trust Peter Jackson when he's working in mission. All people in the fall where always in a musical move ", "If Don King work promoting this fight it'd be called showdown at the Shire  Lord of the Rings  co stars Elijah Wood and Dominick Monahan. Put on a boxing match fantastic that's event in Austin, Texas and like any good ", "King work promoting this fight it'd be called showdown at the Shire Lord of the Rings co stars Elijah Wood and Dominick Monahan. Put on a boxing match -- -- fantastic that's event in Austin, Texas and like ", 'agree with that and opera but. 100. Times John McCain accused hardline Tea Party representatives. Of living in a  Lord of the Rings  fantasy world. And Democrats have no choice but to pass a balanced budget amendment. Reforming entitlements. And ', "Times John McCain accused hardline Tea Party representatives. Of living in a Lord of the Rings fantasy world. And Democrats have no choice but to pass a balanced budget amendment. Reforming entitlements. And Tea Party how that's turned ", "And do you guys know how to next. I knew you would Josh Paterno. We're I Just didn't it when my dad would  Lord of the Rings  tonight and it but very strange childhood. Well Josh everybody if you do not a net new New when you need your help ", "We're I -- -- Just didn't it when my dad would -- Lord of the Rings tonight and it but -- very strange childhood. Well Josh everybody if you do not a net new -- New -- -- ", "montage as crystal inserts himself in the key scenes of the nominated films. Like we played golf in a scene from The  Lord of the Rings  The Return of the King. I haven't been to the Huskers as they would take you know I think he respects. the The ", "the nominated films. Like we played golf in a scene from The Lord of the Rings The Return of the King. I haven't been to the Huskers as they would take you know I think he respects. -- ", 'university of Auckland part of a group of sixteen students. Who set out to explore the volcanic crater where the movie  Lord of the Rings  was films. They near the rural town of helpful when the driver lost control. Police say the students may not had ', 'students. Who set out to explore the volcanic crater where the movie Lord of the Rings was films. They -- near the rural town of helpful when the driver lost control. Police say the students may not had ', "not. Always a plus. It does belong in the conversation cruises beautifully well made movie it's sequel. So The  Lord of the Rings  The Return of the King. Do you feel that academy voters should officer respond on the same level that they would ", "-- beautifully well made movie -- it's -- sequel. So -- The Lord of the Rings The Return of the King. Do you feel that academy voters should officer respond on the same level that they would respond ", "but once it's done it's tough to turn back. It's one thing for Liv Tyler to look like this a half elf in The  Lord of the Rings  child. Elephant ears have even made for some good comedy in HBO's bored to death at the sexiest fat. But now ", "Liv Tyler to look like this -- a half elf in The Lord of the Rings child. Elephant ears have even made for some good comedy in HBO's bored to death at the sexiest fat. But now some ", "candies North American headquarters in Ord is home to some valuable dispensers. There are the yet to be released  Lord of the Rings  characters there's this war rusty crystal Mickey Mouse dispenser but the companies come up with something even ", "home to some valuable dispensers. There are the yet to be released Lord of the Rings characters there's this war rusty crystal Mickey Mouse dispenser -- -- but the companies come up with something even more exclusive. In "]