["Discover if you're part Scandinavian, West African, or maybe Native American. Meet a third cousin for the first time. When combined with 34 million family trees and 10 billion records on Ancestry.com, the new AncestryDNA creates the most comprehensive family history experience yet. It's family history, reinvented.", "Imagine connecting with a distant cousin who holds pieces to your family's story, ones you never would have known about otherwise. Your test results include DNA matches, which show who you may be related to and how. And it's dynamic, so you'll continue to receive new DNA matches, hints and leads.", 'AncestryDNA offers an amazing new test and exciting results, but being an Ancestry.com subscriber takes your results to a whole new level. A fully integrated experience and access to the vast collection of records on Ancestry.com helps you make even more discoveries and bring your family tree to life.', "When you link your Ancestry.com family tree to your DNA test results, it can open up entirely new avenues of research and details that weren't available before now. Explore an interactive map with pins indicating the birth location of your ancestors as seen in your family tree, and so much more.", "One of your DNA matches looks like an interesting lead. With an active Ancestry.com subscription, you can review that person's tree, easily find common links and send a personal message to your potential new relative. You may find a distant cousin, just by reaching out.", 'As an Ancestry.com subscriber, you can review the pedigree and surnames of your matches. Use our special tools designed to help you find common ancestors, along with detailed maps pinpointing birth locations.', 'Looking for our Y-DNA or mtDNA tests? These specialized tests give you information about either your direct paternal or maternal lines. This means that Y-DNA and mtDNA tests limit the number of ancestors you can learn about.', "Also, the Y-DNA and mtDNA tests look at much smaller amounts of your DNA. For example, YDNA tests only look at about 40 locations whereas AncestryDNA comprehensively looks at the entire genome at over 700,000 locations, all with a simple saliva sample. 40 vs. 700,000? You don't need to be a scientist to see that this is a huge improvement.", 'This exclusive BETA period means you get to be one of the first to experience this exciting new product. As scientists gain a deeper understanding of the data, our prediction models can evolve to provide you with even more information about your family history.', "Without our leading team of scientists, all of this wouldn't be possible. We're working with expert population geneticists, molecular biologists and the latest in technological advances to bring you some of the most powerful tools in genealogy research.", "Ken Chahine has served as Senior Vice President and General Manager for Ancestry.com DNA, LLC since 2011. Prior to joining AncestryDNA, he held positions at several institutions, including Parke-Davis Pharmaceuticals (currently Pfizer), the University of Utah and was also Chief Executive Officer of the biotechnology company Avigen. Dr. Chahine also teaches a course focused on new venture development, intellectual property, and licensing at the University of Utah's College of Law. He earned a Ph.D. in Biochemistry from the University of Michigan, a J.D. from the University of Utah College of Law, and a B.A. in Chemistry from Florida State University.", "Catherine Ball is a genomic scientist who has annotated and mined the genomes of various organisms and created resources to help other scientists exploit and explore genome data. Dr. Ball has collaborated on the annotation of the first sequenced eukaryotic genome (brewer's yeast) and has collaboratively built databases to explore the genomes of yeast, E. coli and the bacterium that causes tuberculosis.  As a pioneer in data analysis resources for high-throughput biomedical technologies, she led the Stanford Microarray Database, the largest academic database of its kind. Dr. Ball has used high-throughput biomedical data to shed light on diverse research topics, from the biology of infectious organisms to the mechanisms involved in cell division and cancer. She received a B.S. in Biology and a Ph.D. in Molecular Biology from the University of California, Los Angeles. Dr. Ball was a post-doctoral fellow at the University of California, Berkeley prior to her research in the Departments of Genetics and Biochemistry at Stanford University School of Medicine.", "Prior to joining the AncestryDNA team, Scott R. Woodward was the director of the Sorenson Molecular Genealogy Foundation (SMGF) and President of Genetree.com. Dr. Woodward is a former Professor of Molecular Biology and Microbiology at BYU where he was involved with the Seila, Egypt excavation team, directing the genetic and molecular analysis of Egyptian mummies. He received his Ph.D. degree in genetics from Utah State University and did his postdoctoral work in molecular genetics at the Howard Hughes Medical Institute at the University of Utah. While there, he discovered a genetic marker used for the identification of carriers and the eventual discovery of the gene for cystic fibrosis. Dr. Woodward has been the Scholar in Residence at the BYU Center for Near Eastern Studies in Jerusalem and a visiting professor at Hebrew University. His work at SMGF has been focused around building a comprehensive database that includes genetic and genealogical data from over 100,000 individuals from across the entire world. Dr. Woodward's work has been featured both nationally and internationally on programs including Good Morning America, and the Discovery, History and Learning Channels.", "Jake Byrnes is a biologist with expertise in human populations, particularly African-American and Latino populations from South and Central America. In his previous work, Dr. Byrnes used DNA sequences to study human population expansion, migration, and evolution. Using computer-aided statistical analysis, Dr. Byrnes was able to identify and date events such as European colonization of the Caribbean, the effects of sex-bias in the migration (primarily male European colonists came and took Native American brides), and was even able to identify which West African populations contributed to the slave-trade on the islands. Dr. Byrnes received a B.A. from the New College of Florida. From there, he moved to Chicago where he received an M.S. degree in Statistics and a Ph.D. in Ecology and Evolution from the University of Chicago. After graduate school, Dr. Byrnes moved to Oxford, England where he was a post-doctoral fellow at the Wellcome Trust Centre for Human Genetics, Oxford University.  Most recently, he worked as a postdoctoral fellow in Dr. Carlos Bustamante's laboratory at Stanford University.", 'Natalie has over 10 years of experience in the biotechnology industry with a focus on developing consumer-based DNA testing products. Prior to joining the AncestryDNA team, she began working at Sorenson Molecular Genealogy Foundation (SMGF), later becoming the Director of Research and Development. During her time at SMGF she has managed the bioinformatics and data production/processing functions associated with constructing the SMGF database, the largest database of linked genetic and genealogical information in the world. Ms. Myres has also managed product development and business development activities for SMGF. Additionally, Natalie works with an international team of scientists conducting research on the human Y chromosome, which focuses on understanding population affinity, substructure and history in modern-day populations. She is the co-author of numerous peer-reviewed scientific publications on Y chromosome population genetics. Ms. Myres received a B.S. in molecular biology and a M.S. in biochemistry from Brigham Young University. She also holds M.B.A. degrees from Columbia University and U.C. Berkeley.', "Dr. Philip Awadalla's research includes work relevant to human genomics and a broad range of chronic and rare diseases, including genetic infectious diseases in the developing world. Dr. Awadalla is also the Principal Investigator and Director of the CARTaGENE Biobank of Quebec. This prospective public health survey of Quebec, in its first phase, captured biological, clinical, genealogical and genomic data from over 20,000 participants. He is also co-director of the Centre for Child Health Genomics at University of Montreal and he currently holds the Genome Quebec recruitment award for Population and Medical Genomics.", "Jeffrey Botkin is Chief of the Division of Medical Ethics and Humanities and serves as the Associate Vice President for Research Integrity at the University of Utah. His research is focused on the ethical, legal, and social implications of genetic technology with a particular emphasis on research ethics, genetic testing for cancer susceptibility, biobanking, newborn screening, and prenatal diagnosis. Dr. Botkin formerly was Chair of the Committee on Bioethics for the American Academy of Pediatrics and a former member of the Secretary's Advisory Committee on Human Research Protections at DHHS. Dr. Botkin is currently a member of the Secretary's Advisory Committee on Heritable Diseases in Newborns and Children. He chairs the NIH's Embryonic Stem Cell Working Group and is an elected fellow of the Hastings Center.", 'Dr. Carlos Bustamante is a Population Geneticist who received his Ph.D. from Harvard University. His research focuses on analyzing genome-wide patterns of variation within and between species to address fundamental questions in biology, anthropology, and medicine. During the past nine years as a faculty member at Cornell and Stanford, he has trained about 40 post-doctoral fellows and graduate students as a primary advisory. Much of his research is at the interface of computational biology, mathematical genetics, and evolutionary genomics. .', "Mark Daly directs computational biology for the Massachusetts General Hospital/Harvard Medical School Medical and Population Genetics Program. Dr. Daly holds a B.S. in physics from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and a Ph.D. in genetics from Leiden University. Previously, he was the director of the Human Genetics Informatics group at the Whitehead Institute Center for Genome Research. Dr. Daly's group now currently develops and actively supports GENEHUNTER and MAPMAKER/QTL software, used by hundreds of labs worldwide, for performing linkage analyses in natural and experimental pedigrees and more recently has released Haploview, which has become a standard for LD analysis and is a primary analysis and visualization tool used in the HapMap Project.", "John Novembre earned his Ph.D. under Dr. Montgomery Slatkin at the University of California-Berkeley, before taking an NSF Bioinformatics Fellowship at the University of Chicago under Dr. Matthew Stephens. At UCLA, Dr. Novembre's research focuses on developing population genetic theory and statistical methods for population genetic data, such as high-throughput single nucleotide polymorphism data and next-generation sequencing data. His work focuses on question relevant to human evolution and ancestry, the mapping of disease traits, and spatial population structure.", "Brenna Henn began her PhD by studying the deep population structure and complex migration patterns of African hunter-gatherer groups. She continues to have an abiding interest in diverse, indigenous populations from around the world who harbor genetic (and linguistic and phenotypic) variation that is often absent in commonly studied populations. Motivated by her prior PhD (2009) training in anthropology and evolutionary genetics at Stanford University, she aims to approach questions of genetic and phenotypic diversity from an interdisciplinary standpoint. She also began a postdoctoral position in Dr. Carlos Bustamante's lab in the Department of Genetics, Stanford University School of Medicine. She currently leads genomic projects to understand the early origins of modern humans and the evolution of skin pigmentation in African hunter-gatherer populations.", "Follow the instructions in the kit to activate online and collect your saliva sample. (It's painless, we promise.)", 'Your privacy is very important to us and we are committed to protecting your DNA. For more information on privacy at AncestryDNA, please visit the AncestryDNA Privacy Statement.', "Your results can be a great starting point for your family history research, or a way to dig even deeper into the research you've already done."]