['After the  Times Square ball  drops on  New Year \' s Eve  and copious amounts of Champagne get toasted and drunk, many might find themselves forgetting more "auld acquaintances" than ', "JPL-Caltech Rain of Confetti for  New Year ' s Eve  As a million revelers get set to descend on  Times Square  this  New Year ' s Eve , preparations for the party are expected to rain from above as the  ball  drops. Mary Altaffer/AP Photo", "watching that iconic  ball  drop in  Times Square . You've seen the  New Year ' s Eve ball  drop year after year patterns. 5. The first  New Year ' s Eve Ball  lowering celebration atop One  Times Square  was in 1907. It was ", "Ryan Seacrest Talks 'New Year's Rockin' Eve' Details: Dick Clark, Lady Gaga and His Resolution", 'and party favors, much has changed in how we celebrate  New Year \' s Eve . In the beginning, the iconic  ball  dropped in  Times Square  hosted a mere 100 25-watt bulbs, a bit dimmer than today\'s he wants, and I kind of just stand there and take the  ball  when he passes it." The 37-year-old host said he ', "Barts. Abramovich's  New Year ' s Eve  bash is one of the Kim Kardashian This  New Year ' s Eve , newly single Kim button that drops the  ball  on  Times Square . Gaga will also perform performing on Clark's  New Year ' s Eve  Special. CNN's ", "Pig. (Buddhika Weerasinghe/Getty Images) Workers bring the number two light up to the 2012  Times Square New Year ' s Eve Ball  at One  Times Square , Dec. 27, 2011 in New York City. (Jason Kempin/Getty Images) Prince Philip, Duke of ", 'Valentine\'s Day," " New Year \' s Eve " involves a celebration in  Times Square  and must overcome hospital as the  ball  drops at midnight grinch that steals  New Year \' s Eve  but, of course her hang out in  Times Square  so she can steal ', 'stanchion 400 feet above  Times Square . The  ball  consists of 32,000 lightbulbs Authorities Keeping Close Eye on  Times Square  "When you come here Entertainment, which runs the  New Year \' s Eve  celebration in  Times Square Attendees who leave before the  ball  drops will not be able this was the most secure  Times Square  had ever been. "Well Security Ready for New York  New Year \' s Eve  Outside of  Times Square', "stanchion 400 feet above  Times Square . The  ball  consists of 32,000 lightbulbs Authorities Keeping Close Eye on  Times Square  According to Jeffrey Strauss Entertainment, which runs the  New Year ' s Eve  celebration in  Times Square Attendees who leave before the  ball  drops will not be able Security Ready for New York  New Year ' s Eve  Outside of  Times Square , special roving units ", "Year's celebration.  Times Square  Official  New Year ' s Eve Ball  App 2011 If you don't still get in on the  Times Square New Year ' s Eve  action display beneath the  Times Square New Year ' s Eve Ball  on Dec. 31. New Year's ", "into the crystal  ball  that will drop in New York City's  Times Square  on  New Year ' s Eve . Her fans may essence of the  Times Square  icon: MARC by Jacobs' New Year  Ball  Ring, $68 in The Monster  Ball  Tour 2011 Calendar ", "amount sent during the first half of 2008. New Year's  Ball  App If you have an iPhone, it may want to join your New celebration. Waterford Chrystal, which designed this year's  ball  for  Times Square  on  New Year ' s eve , can help. It helped design the new Clink-Clink iPhone ", "required of Muslims in this one of the five pillars of Islam. And last rising search today the age old question what to the  Times Square New Year ' s Eve ball  dropped Begin. Well you ask well we answer the  ball  drop again exactly 100 years ago.", "last rising search today the age old question what -- to the Times Square New Year's Eve ball dropped Begin. Well you ask well we answer the ball drop again exactly 100 years ago. ", "It's different every year. This is not the same  ball  every time. We construct a quiltwork of designs. The do a little toast after this. Let's talk about the  times square  forecast for tonight. The temperature around 35. The whole world together. All eyes will be fixed on this on  new year ' s eve . It's the tradition our friend dick clark started conversation with people. And often, certainly on the  new year ' s eve  show, you don't have to say much. Not much needs ", "glasses and do a little toast after this. Let's talk about the times square forecast for tonight. The temperature around 35. The wind chile mol more like the mid 20s. Across the nation, tomorrow, just to ", "Measures here in  Times Square  that most of Never even The  Times Square ball drop  isn't the descending on  Times Square  tonight and The city. A  New Year ' s Eve . Any time a spring's failed  Times Square  bombing officials ", "actually a radiation detector there are so many security. Measures here in Times Square that most of the people who come here to celebrate. Never even -- The Times Square ball drop isn't the only -- getting a dress rehearsal. Look at your right still ripple -- got here republic has -- piled snow just days after tons of snow was carted away from the crossroads of the world. Thousands of revelers will be descending on Times Square tonight and He will be kept safe by carefully executed security plan. We have no specific threats against. The city. A New Year's Eve. Any time a large numbers of people come together we put in our counterterrorism overlay. And after last spring's failed Times Square bombing officials are taking no chances a so called ring of steel dozens of video cameras surrounding the area will record everyone's ", 'A "GMA" engraved piece of Waterford crystal is added to the New Year\'s Eve  ball .', "Is going to be one  New Year ' s Eve  in times remembered for one special cut the couple. I'm here with Bethany pellets and Jeffrey do the impact this is Jeffries ", "talk about and I and reveal unveil against. The new  Times Square ball  this is the 100 anniversary of the  ball  drop in  Times Square  and with the two guys. You're in charge of the I'm ", "to talk about and I and -- reveal unveil against. The new Times Square ball this is the 100 anniversary of the ball drop in Times Square and with -- the two guys. You're in charge of the -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- I'm and entertainment we represented building all right and so now we've -- that this new ball what's different from the old ball you've built this and constructed this for the first -- hundredth anniversary. So what's different about. What for the hundredth birthday the ball Tim and I decided forming a facelift and under the leadership of Waterford crystal and Philips lighting. We created a ball like you've never seen before it has instead of the old incandescent lights of the past we now have over 9500 Phillips -- -- -- And we can now actually light each individual Waterford crystal triangles. It's before we had -- like the entire -- one color we can do. A whole series of colors now with the ball and -- there's an entire light show that -- -- this thing let's step down though. Most people have never seen how ", "Here in New York tonight a little more than 24 hours until the New Year's countdown pictures coming in tonight from  Times Square  tested the famous crystal  ball  today it is working and tonight here we thought. We look back.  New Year ' s Eve  1937. Revelers crowding into times we dressed to the nines so many of them because follies still carry them around ", "24 hours until the New Year's countdown pictures coming in tonight from Times Square -- tested the famous crystal ball today it is working and tonight here we thought. We look back. New Year's Eve 1937. Revelers crowding into times we -- "]