['with his  gender nonconformity . "The first Here, these  gender nonconforming  children child\'s  gender identification  in one direction argue that  gender identification  is based but their  gender identification  took divergent up being  gender nonconforming , but still different  gender identity  and we have ', 'concerned that companies that refuse to protect their employees from discrimination based on their sexual orientation or  gender identity , and those that exclude same-sex spouses from employee benefit plans that are available to opposite-sex spouses, are ', 'prohibit employers from firing, refusing to hire, and discriminating against employees because of sexual orientation and  gender identity . "These practices, I believe, are un-American," committee chairman Tom Harkin, D-Iowa, said today during a markup ', 'K-12 schools to allow transgender students to choose which restrooms they use and school teams they join based on their  gender identity . 5. Kerry Washington Marries NFL Star "Scandal" star Kerry Washington revealed she secretly married her boyfriend ', 'law banning discrimination because of sexual oriental and  gender identity  in the workplace, which was signed into law in May. There to all households, regardless of sexual orientation and  gender identity . Two other laws now include LGBT families in public and ', 'When Coy began complaining about "something wrong" with her body, her parents took her to a specialist, who diagnosed  gender identity  disorder. Doctors recommended no immediate medical intervention but to let her "live as a girl," he explained. "They ', 'prohibit discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation or  gender identity , as these are not protected classes under the Act. Straight the same statement: "A person\'s sexual orientation or  gender identity  should not be a reason to receive unfavorable treatment ', "reveal their sexual orientation. More than a third of LGBT adults have not told their moms about their sexual orientation or  gender identity , and 39 percent haven't told their dads. And even though more Americans are in favor of same-sex marriage than 10 ", 'both disorders are about one in 25 million. Only six other cases have ever been reported, according to the case study. The patient decided to keep his male  gender identity  after having his ovaries, uterus and fallopian tubes removed.', 'that President Obama sign an executive order barring discrimination by federal contractors based on sexual orientation or  gender identity . Tickets for the event went for $500, or $5,000 with participation in a photo reception with the first lady. RELATED ', 'said Sturtz was calling for an executive order to bar discrimination by federal contractors based on sexual orientation or  gender identity . The event, which was also attended by Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz, the chair of the Democratic National Committee ', 'Kevin Brockman, EVP of Global Communications for Disney/ABC Television Group, Elected as Chairman of the Board of GLSEN', 'GLSEN envisions a world in which every child learns to respect and accept all people, regardless of sexual orientation or  gender identity /expression. GLSEN seeks to develop school climates where difference is valued for the positive contribution it makes ', 'APA: Gender dysphoria replaces the diagnostic name " gender identity  disorder" and makes other important clarifications in connotation that the patient is "disordered" because of their  gender nonconformity . Hoarding Disorder: Has hoarding been added to DSM-5 ', "contributor keith ablow called it a dramatic example of the way that our culture is being encouraged to abandon all trappings of  gender identity . Reporter: We wanted to find out how people would react to a little boy who wants a mani. We've hired actors to play ", "way that our culture is being encouraged to abandon all trappings of gender identity . Reporter: We wanted to find out how people would react to a little boy who wants a mani. We've hired actors to ", "than a boy that's going through the same thing she's going through? Reporter: Katie, born luke, had struggled with  gender identity  ever since she was a toddler. I had male genitalia, but everything else was feminine. The waist, the butt, the cheekbones ", "same thing she's going through? Reporter: Katie, born luke, had struggled with gender identity ever since she was a toddler. I had male genitalia, but everything else was feminine. The waist, the butt, the cheekbones, the ", "code. Behind me on my left we have the Whipple from the  gender identity  senator Colorado. She's gonna make few comments again crystal football and Michelson and I am the president for the  gender identity  center of Colorado. Today is an incredible days in the ", "Behind me on my left we have -- the Whipple from the gender identity senator Colorado. She's gonna make -- few comments again and a couple of other community members who were kind enough to be ", 'crystal football and -- Michelson and I am the president for the gender identity center of Colorado. Today is an incredible days in the back. Quake -- this -- case came out the way that it. ', "Getting what would you do what you do you see what she does. Show tackle some tough issues facing young Americans including  gender identity . Want to go on stage stress and he wants. Because that's what like alien inside. Unique. Yes. What would you do just ", "she does. Show -- tackle some tough issues facing young Americans including gender identity . Want to go on stage -- stress and he wants. Because that's what -- like alien inside. Unique. Yes. What would you ", 'He went on to say this is a dramatic example of the way that our culture is being encouraged to abandon all trappings of  gender identity . article sparked hundreds of comments and reaction all over the web. Many admonishing Your logic is flawed and ridiculous ', 'way that our culture is being encouraged to abandon all trappings of gender identity . -- -- article sparked hundreds of comments and reaction all over the web. Many admonishing -- Your logic is flawed and ridiculous. ', "the school district. Explaining that the school's position. Was unconstitutional. Tony's right here. Expressed her  gender identity  is protected by federal statute and the federal constitution. In a letter provided to us by the ACLU an attorney for spring ", "Explaining that the school's position. Was unconstitutional. Tony's right here. Expressed her gender identity is protected by federal statute and the federal constitution. In a letter provided to us by the ACLU an attorney for spring ", "they were born in the wrong body. It's also known as  gender identity  disorder. She's not gay. She's not a lesbian. And other children and adults, who suffer from what is called  gender identity  disorder. And she wants parents to love their children ", "feel they were born in the wrong body. It's also known as gender identity disorder. She's not gay. She's not a lesbian. And being transgender is not a phase. Her parents, jeannette and greg have known ", "there are other children and adults, who suffer from what is called gender identity disorder. And she wants parents to love their children and to know that they're okay. And they're still lovable. Boy, it could "]