['A mom turns heads when she lets her son get a manicure, and it gets worse when Dad arrives.', "than a boy that's going through the same thing she's going through? Reporter: Katie, born luke, had struggled with  gender identity  ever since she was a toddler. I had male genitalia, but everything else was feminine. The waist, the butt, the cheekbones ", "same thing she's going through? Reporter: Katie, born luke, had struggled with gender identity ever since she was a toddler. I had male genitalia, but everything else was feminine. The waist, the butt, the cheekbones, the ", "code. Behind me on my left we have the Whipple from the  gender identity  senator Colorado. She's gonna make few comments again crystal football and Michelson and I am the president for the  gender identity  center of Colorado. Today is an incredible days in the ", "Behind me on my left we have -- the Whipple from the gender identity senator Colorado. She's gonna make -- few comments again and a couple of other community members who were kind enough to be ", 'crystal football and -- Michelson and I am the president for the gender identity center of Colorado. Today is an incredible days in the back. Quake -- this -- case came out the way that it. ', "Getting what would you do what you do you see what she does. Show tackle some tough issues facing young Americans including  gender identity . Want to go on stage stress and he wants. Because that's what like alien inside. Unique. Yes. What would you do just ", "she does. Show -- tackle some tough issues facing young Americans including gender identity . Want to go on stage -- stress and he wants. Because that's what -- like alien inside. Unique. Yes. What would you ", 'He went on to say this is a dramatic example of the way that our culture is being encouraged to abandon all trappings of  gender identity . article sparked hundreds of comments and reaction all over the web. Many admonishing Your logic is flawed and ridiculous ', 'way that our culture is being encouraged to abandon all trappings of gender identity . -- -- article sparked hundreds of comments and reaction all over the web. Many admonishing -- Your logic is flawed and ridiculous. ', "the school district. Explaining that the school's position. Was unconstitutional. Tony's right here. Expressed her  gender identity  is protected by federal statute and the federal constitution. In a letter provided to us by the ACLU an attorney for spring ", "Explaining that the school's position. Was unconstitutional. Tony's right here. Expressed her gender identity is protected by federal statute and the federal constitution. In a letter provided to us by the ACLU an attorney for spring ", "they were born in the wrong body. It's also known as  gender identity  disorder. She's not gay. She's not a lesbian. And other children and adults, who suffer from what is called  gender identity  disorder. And she wants parents to love their children ", "feel they were born in the wrong body. It's also known as gender identity disorder. She's not gay. She's not a lesbian. And being transgender is not a phase. Her parents, jeannette and greg have known ", "there are other children and adults, who suffer from what is called gender identity disorder. And she wants parents to love their children and to know that they're okay. And they're still lovable. Boy, it could ", 'And after yeah. Here by being gay men. And really help create transgender. His policy. Allowing all home regardless of  gender identity  or expression. Please welcome call an easy for a foreigner be intolerable. Janice. They were being. Right. Week. Okay ', 'really help create transgender. His policy. Allowing all home -- regardless of gender identity or expression. Please welcome call an easy for a foreigner be intolerable. Janice. -- ', "your kid trans gender but what it can do this possibly save your kid's life because. If young transgendered kids kids we  gender identity  issues. Have a huge suicide they see one positive influence. One positive role model this could save lives and that's ", "possibly save your kid's life because. If young transgendered kids kids we gender identity issues. Have a huge suicide -- they see one positive influence. One positive role model this could save lives and that's why ", "report showed that spike of 13%. Last year and violent crimes against people. Because of their sexual orientation or  gender identity . The victim in the case we're about to show it was a boy who like to dress as a girl. But now defenders of the classmate ", "year and violent crimes against people. Because of their sexual orientation or gender identity . The victim in the case we're about to show it was a boy who like to dress as a girl. But now ", "suddenly there's more pressure are. To in two years signed  gender identity . potentially confusing and now a lot of after Female to attracted to your center. Nothing to do with with your  gender identity  and and a lot of you will find that really confusing but ", "and suddenly there's more pressure are. To -- in two years signed gender identity . -- potentially confusing and now a lot of after -- Female to male trans gender people end up you know doing stand in the lesbian community because. It just kind of makes sense and that's that's what happened demand minute -- Thirteen fourteen I I was real clear at that point that I was attracted to women and so was like attracted to women I am a woman I guess I'm a lesbian men and that's the simple answer right that's is implants us be who you're attracted to your center. Nothing to do with with your gender identity and and a lot of you will find that really confusing but there. They're two completely different thing to you know one ", 'alone unaware of the millions of people who struggle with  gender identity  issues. By his late twenties Ted was in a relationship one to three million people in the US who struggle with  gender identity  issues. And while many state attracted to what was the ', 'felt completely alone unaware of the millions of people who struggle with gender identity issues. By his late twenties Ted was in a relationship serious enough that He felt safe sharing his secret. You know without ', "estimated one to three million people in the US who struggle with gender identity issues. And while many state attracted to what was the opposite sex. It's not unusual for women like Chloe. Who's on high ", "suggest the children are not a blank slate that their pre disposed to be certain ways but the question then becomes. How much  gender identity  influenced by socialization in this case it appears society. Won't come into play very much even storms grandparents ", "to be certain ways but the question then becomes. How much -- gender identity influenced by socialization in this case it appears -- society. Won't come into play very much even storms grandparents don't know the ", "voice that didn't change it too masculine deep voice. India was one other physical trait that Johnston to question his  gender identity . Did you feel that it was the normal anatomy available on you know. No not at all in fact I. It was like a birth to fact ", 'India was one other physical trait that -- Johnston to question his gender identity . Did you feel that it was the normal anatomy available on you know. No not at all in fact I. It was ', "is intersects. Lisa effect. Now dust focus on the sexual differentiation of the brain would be grief that the basis of  gender identity  it's mostly in the opening. The way you are now physically is. A more accurate reflection of how you feel. Is that ", "sexual differentiation of the brain would be grief that the basis of gender identity it's mostly in the opening. The way you are now physically -- -- is. A more accurate reflection of how you feel. ", "choice of toys or dressed. And only a very few expressed concern that the type of boy might actually influence a child's  gender identity . Perhaps this grandmother sums it up best. Ten dragged it is she just twelve to feel. Will have influence how they what ", "expressed concern that the type of boy might actually influence a child's gender identity . Perhaps this grandmother sums it up best. Ten dragged it is she just -- twelve to feel. Will have influence how they ", "been toys aimed at boys. Yeah. And toys aimed at girls yeah. But does the choice of toys say anything about a child's  gender identity . Something most experts agree is largely established by the time a child is born. So we wondered how people react when ", "-- But does the choice of toys say anything about a child's gender identity . Something most experts agree is largely established by the time a child is born. So we wondered how people react when they ", 'petty officer first class Larry bush in April that shared with members of VFW post 392. The fact that He struggled with  gender identity . His entire life life He now lives as a woman. Bush delivered the news at a meeting They Normally dressed as a woman they ', 'with members of VFW post 392. The fact that He struggled with gender identity . His entire life -- life He now lives as a woman. Bush delivered the news at a meeting -- -- They -- ', 'should have to wonder if the law protects them. Trans workers like meaning of federal law that clearly an unmistakably and  gender identity  discrimination. I helped send them back at my old desk working on bills. But no piece of legislation that ever worked ', '-- workers like meaning of federal law that clearly an unmistakably and gender identity discrimination. I helped send them back at my old desk working on bills. But no piece of legislation that ever worked on ', "five I didn't let pregnancy define who I was at and say I'm pregnant therefore I'm a woman I at a solid knowledge  gender identity  all the way through this. You don't have to be biologically related to your child William on her father. Everybody what ", "I'm pregnant therefore I'm a woman -- I at a solid knowledge gender identity all the way through this. You don't have to be biologically related to your child William on her father. Everybody -- what "]