["sent by places such as Dubai. Its tolerant atmosphere permits indulgences such as unlimited-booze brunches and lavish  Valentine ' s Day  getaways but spends far less energy on reminding foreigners that its laws are influenced by Islamic tenets that outlaw sex ", "sent by places such as Dubai. Its tolerant atmosphere permits indulgences such as unlimited-booze brunches and lavish  Valentine ' s Day  getaways but spends far less energy on reminding foreigners that its laws are influenced by Islamic tenets that outlaw sex ", "trouble than those in happier relationships. Indulge in the Dark It's no accident that chocolate hearts are associated with  Valentine ' s Day . Dark chocolate contains high concentrations of cocoa. Intake of this anti-oxidant rich substance appears to relax blood ", "Look at the size of that cake. Some more 4/20 cake. A strong message from RiRi. From a Terry Richardson photoshoot: Just a random day. Hashtag Tuesdayz. Yeah those are my Tuesdays too. Every day. Like for example  Valentine ' s Day .", "Former Silicon Valley Venture Capital Partner Wants 'Justice' in Sex Discrimination Suit", 'claims against KPCB," the firm said. Among the incidents that Pao cites in the complaint is an event that took place on  Valentine \' s Day  2007, when a senior partner came into Pao\'s office, the lawsuit states. He gave her a book called "The Book of Longing ', "prosthetic legs, is accused of premeditated murder for fatally shooting his girlfriend, model Reeva Steenkamp, 29, on  Valentine ' s Day . The double-amputee Olympian was greeted at the entrance of the court by a frenzy of flashbulbs as he was accompanied ", "Sunday after Sky News released images Friday of the blood-stained bathroom where Pistorius fatally shot Reeva Steenkamp on  Valentine ' s Day  at his home in Pretoria, South Africa. Pistorius, 26, says he shot girlfriend Steenkamp, 29, by accident, mistaking ", 'know that you will succeed when you\'re released and that you will prevail. I wish you success." Wright was arrested on  Valentine \' s Day  2012 when detectives searched her zumba studio after receiving complaints from her Kennebunkport neighbors about hearing ', 'around him. He was a dedicated family man. He loved our boys. He loved me," said Ellis\' widow. The couple met on  Valentine \' s day  12 years ago and Amy Ellis said they were inseparable ever since. Joined by Jason\'s mother and a number of her husband\'s ', "every mom can see photos of them online, along with other moms' hand-sewn Halloween costumes for their kids or homemade  Valentine ' s Day  treats for all their children's classmates. Parents' ultra-sharing in today's social media world, on sites like ", 'behind. Illinois Gov. Pat Quinn urged representatives in the State House to send him the bill passed in the Senate on  Valentine \' s Day  that would legalize gay marriage. "It\'s time to vote," Quinn said Thursday, the Chicago Tribune reported . "Illinois ', 'of every year included in the study, with keywords like "merry" and "happy" in high occurrence. Other holidays like  Valentine \' s Day , Easter, Mothers Day and 4th of July each show a spike in joyous tweets including the words "happy," "love" and ', "showed up. Teleflora offered to resend but we opted for a refund. They added that your orders were placed shortly after  valentine ' s day , the busiest in the floral industry. The chicago and new york arrangements did arrive and though nice, none of the bouquets ", "for a refund. They added that your orders were placed shortly after valentine's day , the busiest in the floral industry. The chicago and new york arrangements did arrive and though nice, none of the bouquets we ", "they like about and Laura offered to every but we opted for refunds. They added that new orders replaced shortly after  Valentine ' s Day  since CC and stay in the floral industry. The Chicago and New York arrangements did arrive and now east and none of the ", "we opted for refunds. They added that new orders replaced shortly after Valentine's Day since CC and stay in the floral industry. The Chicago and New York arrangements did arrive and now -- east and none ", "1982. The hair well there was a little out of control what. And hair picketed outside as little more like 2000 part of  Valentine ' s Day  party can broke up after meeting of the 43 years. Never day in the state of seven years until 2011 coming up back together ", "And hair picketed outside as little more like -- 2000 part of Valentine's Day party can broke up after meeting of the 43 years. Never -- day in the state of -- seven years until 2011 ", "Fauria you don't forget it yes it's  Valentine ' s Day  folks the time of year to show someone out of the question so how can you do  Valentine ' s Day  on a budget joining me now On how not grabbing me thanks thank you and happy  Valentine ' s Day  in advance let's start with some ", "you don't know what's good Fauria you don't forget it yes it's Valentine's Day folks the time of year to show someone you care. But for many out there are times are tough sell expensive piece of jewelry or a dozen roses are. Pretty much out of the question so how can you do Valentine's Day on a budget joining me now -- -- -- On how not to break the bank or any hearts is AOL consumer advisor let's play at Drake -- -- how -- -- And grabbing me thanks thank you and happy Valentine's Day in advance let's start with some luck. Figures here how much does the average person actually end up spending on Valentine's Day . Number from The National Retail Federation overall it's fourteen billion dollars -- American entity. But when -- break it down we're spending ", "treat your ladies you -- case -- -- -- -- you know Valentine's Day is on a Sunday this year is it does this mean that folks are gonna have to pay a lot of extra ", "delivering. All right finally let's think about going out to dinner on Valentine's Day which generally is a pretty expensive proposition. Is it okay to use it discount coupons which can deal little you know again I'm romantic for Valentine's Day dinner -- -- and by the way where you find these coupons. Yeah -- on that -- it probably one of the ", "Valentine ' s Day  is just the corner and instead of just picking up some flowers and personal touches. Joining us now with his do it yourself tips for  Valentine ' s Day  creative director rather creative services for Paper it. Alton ", "Valentine's Day is just -- the corner and instead of just picking up some flowers and chocolate -- Jim Press the one you love with a few unique and personal touches. Joining us now with his do it yourself tips for Valentine's Day -- creative director rather creative services for -- Paper it. Alton -- Delaney Alton thank you very much for joining us and ", "very special edition of expansion of horses. It is almost  Valentine ' s Day  a lot of very special dinners being played out there and page definitely check it out He had a trial and on into the  Valentine ' s Day  spirit. Taking hazelnut 10 I didn't really yeah you're ", "-- very special edition of -- expansion of horses. It is almost Valentine's Day a lot of very special dinners being played out there and what is better -- that there will be a great desire ", "definitely check it out He had a trial and on into the Valentine's Day spirit. Taking hazelnut 10 I didn't really yeah you're right yeah go for I'm of the -- -- -- -- Long let ", "Let me start with a quick public service announcement for all the gentlemen out there today is  Valentine ' s Day . Do not forget. I speak from experience here. It is it is important that you remember this and that's my advice.", "quick public service announcement for all the gentlemen out there today is Valentine's Day . Do not forget. I speak from experience here. It is it is important that you remember this and -- -- that's my "]