['troops do say that they feel invisible when they do come home so we are actually calling our viewers to action today on  veterans day  we are asking you. To go out and say thank you to anyone you see on the street in their uniform and send us. Their ', 'home so we are actually calling our viewers to action today on veterans day we are asking you. To go out and say thank you to anyone you see on the street in their uniform and ', 'some unique than women and making them whole again. Today we honor the men and women who proudly serve our nation.  Veterans day  parades are held across the country but none larger than the one here in New York City. over 20000 participants and ', 'Today we honor the men and women who proudly serve our nation. Veterans day parades are held across the country but none larger than the one here in New York City. -- over 20000 participants and ', "It's  veterans day  so as salutes and everybody in uniform. The front page of any newspaper bad  veterans day  and I find that very offensive because guess we talk about it is it's not on  veterans day  when I talking. Got an everyday thing ", "It's veterans day so as salutes and everybody in uniform. The front page of any newspaper bad veterans day and I find that very offensive because we have lost. Over 4000 American soldiers male and female. We have to show the ", "about improvement I guess we talk about it is it's not on veterans day when I -- talking. Got an everyday thing it's a conversation but today's the day -- -- these are men and women ", "for I don't know what I yeah here's the deal today is veterans day . And we are celebrating veterans day and now we're -- -- not okay. ", "Veterans day  earlier this week. We've had any number of great reunions. We had one yesterday on the show, of course. We want to bring ", "Veterans day earlier this week. We've had any number of great reunions. We had one yesterday on the show, of course. We want to ", "for being a particularly today he's seen a minute ago that today's unnecessarily. An easy day. It's never as  veterans day  is always very hard you know because lost a lot of my friends and in Iraq and Afghanistan. And it's it's always ", "a minute ago that today's unnecessarily. An easy day. It's never as veterans day is always very hard you know because -- -- lost a lot of my friends and in Iraq and Afghanistan. And it's ", "On  veterans day  week. There's nothing surprising about it well yeah. But may strike a deal like this. Is that some children and so in tune ", "On veterans day week. There's nothing surprising about it -- well yeah. But -- may strike a deal like this. Is that some children and ", "fabulous for thanksgiving weekend to keep everybody fed over the weekend. It's a really great slow-cooker meal. Coming up next, our own jake tapper with a story of true military courage for  veterans day . Bye, guys! Happy  veterans day !", 'our own jake tapper with a story of true military courage for veterans day . Bye, guys! Happy veterans day ! ', 'And finally tonight, on this  veterans day  monday, a story of courage and the oath that u.S deserve much more than just one day. One day, on this  veterans day  weekend. Thank you so much for this. And I did love ', 'And finally tonight, on this veterans day monday, a story of courage and the oath that u.S. Forces take to protect the country, no matter the cost. Even when ', 'really deserve much more than just one day. One day, on this veterans day weekend. Thank you so much for this. And I did love what you wrote about them, that they are the bravest people, ', "friends said that she was devoted to the cause of wounded warriors. Making this ironic that this scandal comes on  veterans day  weekend. Takes the time to help somebody like me. There's not much time for indiscretions. Reporter: David bixler ", "cause of wounded warriors. Making this ironic that this scandal comes on veterans day weekend. Takes the time to help somebody like me. There's not much time for indiscretions. Reporter: David bixler, a wounded warrior knows ", 'sunday with us. Check out "world news" with david muir tonight. Tomorrow on "good morning america" we\'ll talk with jake tapper about his new book "the outpost." And on this  veterans day , a final look at the tomb of the unknown soldier.', 'with jake tapper about his new book "the outpost." And on this veterans day , a final look at the tomb of the unknown soldier. ', 'will be answering the questions you have on twitter. Look for that on abcnews.Com/thisweek later today. On this  veterans day , we honor our fellow americans who serve and sacrifice. This week, the pentagon released the names of four soldiers ', 'have on twitter. Look for that on abcnews.Com/thisweek later today. On this veterans day , we honor our fellow americans who serve and sacrifice. This week, the pentagon released the names of four soldiers killed in afghanistan. ', 'As I mentioned, this is  veterans day , of course. Tomorrow, the nation will observe the national salute from mike. His own journey to remember. And on this  veterans day , this little boy in north carolina. Repairing to read his own ', 'As I mentioned, this is veterans day , of course. Tomorrow, the nation will observe the national holiday. At arlington national cemetery today, president obama and the first lady making ', 'a salute from mike. His own journey to remember. And on this veterans day , this little boy in north carolina. Repairing to read his own handwritten words for his father. Cabe ellis remembering his dad james, ', 'Those who Wear the uniform of the United States and  veterans day  has a long and solid history. Beverage cart took place defended democracy and freedom overseas. Today we noticed  veterans day . Today when we celebrate. And thank. And honor ', 'and women. Those who Wear the uniform of the United States and veterans day has a long and solid history. Beverage cart took place nine years ago today any small railway car. And a French force. ', "the American soldiers. Who defended democracy and freedom overseas. Today we noticed veterans day . Today when we celebrate. And thank. And honor. Every man woman who has served an armed forces. He's no Americans are sons ", "gears here for a moment although staying on the theme of  veterans day  we have joining us now ambassador. Paul Bremer he's to honor organizations that help the veterans around  veterans day  which is after all tomorrow. You know that was a very ", "switched gears here for a moment although staying on the theme of veterans day we have joining us now ambassador. Paul Bremer he's currently the president and CEO. Of world team sports we remember him of ", 'because this auction. Is to honor organizations that help the veterans around veterans day which is after all tomorrow. -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- ', 'basketball games ever played set for Friday which is also  veterans day  and that is when my number one North Carolina Tar Heels tends to be courtside. And because the game will be on  veterans day  both teams will be wearing new camouflage uniforms ', 'college basketball games ever played -- set for Friday which is also veterans day and that is when my number one North Carolina Tar Heels take on Michigan State. And what is now being called the ', "and tends to be courtside. And because the game will be on veterans day both teams will be wearing new camouflage uniforms. Let's just Hope College basketball's newest temporary stadium will be at rival Bob -- ", 'guest congressman Charlie Rangel. Democrat of New York the former chairman of the house Ways and Means Committee and a  veterans day  tomorrow we should mention a proud not serving the country in the Korean War mr. Rangel thank you so much for being ', 'the former chairman of the house Ways and Means Committee and a veterans day tomorrow we should mention a proud -- not serving the country in the Korean War mr. Rangel thank you so much for ']