["A Southern California husband and wife who were born on the same day and celebrated their 75th  wedding anniversary  last year have died just a day apart. The couple's son Les Brown Jr. tells the Long Beach Press-Telegram (http://bit ", "hikers, but where temperatures often reach 100 degrees and trails are unmarked. It was the couple's fifth  wedding anniversary , ABC affiliate KTVX reported. Bervel and her husband were on their return trip when they got lost. Her husband ", 'arrest when a medical helicopter arrived too late to save her, authorities said. Bervel was celebrating her fifth  wedding anniversary  with her husband Anthony when they lost their way on a 3-mile, unmarked route back to a trailhead, forcing ', 'arrest when a medical helicopter arrived too late to save her, authorities said. Bervel was celebrating her fifth  wedding anniversary  with her husband Anthony when they lost their way on a 3-mile, unmarked route back to a trailhead, forcing ', 'courage, kindness and humility," the president and Michelle Obama said in a statement. Today also marks the 15th  wedding anniversary  for Mandela and his wife, Graca Machel. They were married on his 80th birthday. "She\'s been a tremendous ', "capital. She was handed a replica of Mandela's new ID card during the ceremony. Thursday also marked the 15th  wedding anniversary  of Mandela and Graca Machel, the former First Lady of Mozambique who has spent much of the time at her husband's ", 'but they\'re very safe. This was a nice statement piece." She Never Abandoned Her Heels For her two-year  wedding anniversary  on April 29, Kate Middleton visited Naomi House Children\'s Hospice in Tara Jarmon coat over peach dress and ', "cost a reported $450. The day she was spotted shopping -- April 29 -- was also the royal couple's second  wedding anniversary  to Prince William. They didn't spend most of the day together, however. So how did they spend their anniversary ", 'the other side of a valley hundreds of feet away. Parker and his wife were taking a hike to celebrate their own  wedding anniversary  when they noticed Reyes take a bended knee. "We just hiked the trail and I always have my camera with me ', 'She and her husband, rapper/music mogul Jay-Z, went to the communist Caribbean nation for their fifth  wedding anniversary  , and last month the couple came under fire from lawmakers who questioned whether they had the proper permits ', 'Mariah Carey and Nick Cannon celebrated their fifth  wedding anniversary  - and their twins\' second birthday - by renewing their vows at Disneyland. "I love you @Nick Cannon shut down Disneyland ', 'pain," the royal mum-to-be says in the video. Middleton and Prince William are celebrating their second  wedding anniversary  on Monday, the same day the Duchess plans to visit Naomi Children\'s Hospital in Hampshire, England. Two years ', 'Woman collapsed in the heat after getting lost while hiking on the Utah-Arizona border.', 'inspiration from his extraordinary example of moral courage kindness and humility. Today also marks the fifteenth  wedding anniversary  for Nelson Mandela and his third Michelle who he married when he turned eighty years old. Friends and Stanley ', 'example of moral courage kindness and humility. Today also marks the fifteenth wedding anniversary for Nelson Mandela and his third -- -- -- Michelle who he married when he turned eighty years old. Friends and Stanley ', "And I never did, and I never would. Hilaria baldwin showed five tweets during this time period on topics of  wedding anniversary  ideas and her upcoming appearance on the rachael ray show. But it's possible to preschedule tweets so they ", "Hilaria baldwin showed five tweets during this time period on topics of wedding anniversary ideas and her upcoming appearance on the rachael ray show. But it's possible to preschedule tweets so they post automatically. Alec baldwin ", 'went platinum. Here the couple celebrating their 70th  wedding anniversary . That alone a terrific milestone, both 91, got married Yeah. Awesome. That wa awesome. Well, happy, happy  wedding anniversary  to that couple. What an inspiration. Nks for bringing ', 'of young love that went platinum. Here the couple celebrating their 70th wedding anniversary . That alone a terrific milestone, both 91, got married in 1943. Make this story that much more incredible they were photographed when ', 'agree. You like me? Yeah. Awesome. That wa awesome. Well, happy, happy wedding anniversary to that couple. What an inspiration. Nks for bringing that. ', "I hate to rain on bob's kid parade. My sources told me they're there to celebrate brad's parents'  50th wedding anniversary  which is tomorrow. Boo to a 50th anniversary. Brad is so close to his parents. I can't imagine, all of ", "kid parade. My sources told me they're there to celebrate brad's parents' 50th wedding anniversary which is tomorrow. Boo to a 50th anniversary. Brad is so close to his parents. I can't imagine, all of my sources ", 'fashion empire eighteen But the took a break last month. Traveling to Cuba with her husband GC for their fifth  wedding anniversary  igniting a from lawmakers. Should make up all of the Traversing who was actually quite shocking to. It was such ', 'last month. Traveling to Cuba with her husband GC for their fifth wedding anniversary igniting a -- -- from lawmakers. Should make up all of the -- Traversing -- who was actually quite shocking to. It ']