["they like about and Laura offered to every but we opted for refunds. They added that new orders replaced shortly after  Valentine ' s Day  since CC and stay in the floral industry. The Chicago and New York arrangements did arrive and now east and none of the ", "we opted for refunds. They added that new orders replaced shortly after Valentine's Day since CC and stay in the floral industry. The Chicago and New York arrangements did arrive and now -- east and none ", "1982. The hair well there was a little out of control what. And hair picketed outside as little more like 2000 part of  Valentine ' s Day  party can broke up after meeting of the 43 years. Never day in the state of seven years until 2011 coming up back together ", "And hair picketed outside as little more like -- 2000 part of Valentine's Day party can broke up after meeting of the 43 years. Never -- day in the state of -- seven years until 2011 ", "Fauria you don't forget it yes it's  Valentine ' s Day  folks the time of year to show someone out of the question so how can you do  Valentine ' s Day  on a budget joining me now On how not grabbing me thanks thank you and happy  Valentine ' s Day  in advance let's start with some ", "you don't know what's good Fauria you don't forget it yes it's Valentine's Day folks the time of year to show someone you care. But for many out there are times are tough sell expensive piece of jewelry or a dozen roses are. Pretty much out of the question so how can you do Valentine's Day on a budget joining me now -- -- -- On how not to break the bank or any hearts is AOL consumer advisor let's play at Drake -- -- how -- -- And grabbing me thanks thank you and happy Valentine's Day in advance let's start with some luck. Figures here how much does the average person actually end up spending on Valentine's Day . Number from The National Retail Federation overall it's fourteen billion dollars -- American entity. But when -- break it down we're spending ", "treat your ladies you -- case -- -- -- -- you know Valentine's Day is on a Sunday this year is it does this mean that folks are gonna have to pay a lot of extra ", "delivering. All right finally let's think about going out to dinner on Valentine's Day which generally is a pretty expensive proposition. Is it okay to use it discount coupons which can deal little you know again I'm romantic for Valentine's Day dinner -- -- and by the way where you find these coupons. Yeah -- on that -- it probably one of the ", "Valentine ' s Day  is just the corner and instead of just picking up some flowers and personal touches. Joining us now with his do it yourself tips for  Valentine ' s Day  creative director rather creative services for Paper it. Alton ", "Valentine's Day is just -- the corner and instead of just picking up some flowers and chocolate -- Jim Press the one you love with a few unique and personal touches. Joining us now with his do it yourself tips for Valentine's Day -- creative director rather creative services for -- Paper it. Alton -- Delaney Alton thank you very much for joining us and ", "very special edition of expansion of horses. It is almost  Valentine ' s Day  a lot of very special dinners being played out there and page definitely check it out He had a trial and on into the  Valentine ' s Day  spirit. Taking hazelnut 10 I didn't really yeah you're ", "-- very special edition of -- expansion of horses. It is almost Valentine's Day a lot of very special dinners being played out there and what is better -- that there will be a great desire ", "definitely check it out He had a trial and on into the Valentine's Day spirit. Taking hazelnut 10 I didn't really yeah you're right yeah go for I'm of the -- -- -- -- Long let ", "Let me start with a quick public service announcement for all the gentlemen out there today is  Valentine ' s Day . Do not forget. I speak from experience here. It is it is important that you remember this and that's my advice.", "quick public service announcement for all the gentlemen out there today is Valentine's Day . Do not forget. I speak from experience here. It is it is important that you remember this and -- -- that's my ", "whopping 190. Million flowers for  Valentine ' s Day  this year. Of course is so people Part of the booming business of on  Valentine ' s Day . Today is the Super Bowl for flowers 13 of Americans buying flowers for  Valentine ' s Day . More than half roses but there are ", "jam Americans will buy and send a whopping 190. Million flowers for Valentine's Day this year. Of course is so people won't be sending anything. Part of the booming business of -- -- -- on Valentine's Day . Today is the Super Bowl for flowers a full 13 of Americans buying flowers for Valentine's Day . More than half -- roses but there are some things you should know. You -- -- one of those roses until Christmas ", "for the people who grow them. Now this isn't meant to besmirch Valentine's Day they can be a lot of fun for those who remember. Still there were a growing number of people who would prefer to forget. There's a website called it DVD a dot com a whole line of greeting cards for anti Valentine's Day . At crunch -- are holding special kick boxing classes or disgruntled singles. This isn't your digital. No it's not. Celebrating fancy about the fact that here currencies the celebration of singles. Promising a big I have no I don't ever want to keep the little -- It seems like a lot of fun. Nothing says Valentine's Day like heating up to a photo of your Rex -- And I'm singing I'm like get out of my mind them I'd ", "about 20% of the people who who sent flowers actually wait until Valentine's Day itself to do it. Of course the problem with that is that many of the shops can't get them out in time ", "holidays of the you know schools it's  Valentine ' s Day . And if you haven't found that perfect affordable creative unique gifts for  Valentine ' s Day  and the best part it's all available bath it's not fun. Yeah and not so  Valentine ' s Day  isn't just for adults remember you ", "one of the most romantic holidays of the you know schools it's Valentine's Day . And if you haven't found that perfect gift for your special someone and you weren't because -- put some great -- that we want to shed with you about one break that buying. And joining us with these kids is -- -- that trend and lights -- -- -- a Judy hi how -- I'm good thank you thank you for joining us on the program thank you for having me feel welcome now -- gets stuck it won't -- -- -- criteria thinking -- Well affordable creative unique gifts for Valentine's Day and the best part it's all available with just a click of the -- on your computer. It's it's what feels that ", "-- organic champagne bubble bath it's not fun. Yeah and not so Valentine's Day isn't just for adults remember you -- have kids and family if you have children. We have our effort -- so I'm just -- -- times and when the so mild -- they get to keep it rubber -- that bank unless site for inexpensive hasn't. See you put something that you -- -- fee for the shouldn't feel spotted signs say nothing that you consumed -- -- -- run down it -- and it hasn't. Taking -- exact and looking at things that you can consume -- Walt would Valentine's Day be without yummy chocolate but I understand the top of that you -- -- -- us. Definitely unique right that's right it's ", "them with friends not all of us have someone from special for Valentine's Day you can sit down with a group of friends and -- some -- -- the -- you have to get naked right. ", "The case resumes Aug. 19 allowing more police investigation into the  Valentine's Day  murder.", "via email and yes  Valentine ' s Day  version is available And speaking of  Valentine ' s Day  rounding out our search today is  Valentine ' s Day  history. There are most common involves  saint Valentine . Who was jailed ", "send the -- to the lucky recipient via email and yes -- Valentine's Day version is available and people are looking it up on Google. And speaking of Valentine's Day rounding out our search today is Valentine's Day history. There are a number of opinions for how this -- -- -- him about the most common involves saint Valentine . Who was jailed for refusing to renounce christianity. On the day he was set to die he wrote a love letter to ", "No from department store speakers.  Valentine ' s Day  maybe a day of romance of the U plants five billion dollar profit comes from  Valentine ' s Day  sales. It's almost exclusively purchased obligation topics on the the average. on  Valentine ' s Day  but there are expected to reciprocate ", "other and love so crazy. No -- -- from department store speakers. Valentine's Day maybe a day of romance of the U plants in Japan it's a celebration of love. For all things chocolate it's huge ", "thing. Pensioners say half their annual five billion dollar profit comes from Valentine's Day sales. It's almost exclusively purchased by winning. He thinks so many women here because in Japan it's that women -- give chocolates ", "than a hundred dollars obligation topics on the the average. -- on Valentine's Day but there are expected to reciprocate. Their own holiday. Because he got ABC news. ", "dressed man of course is always important but especially on  Valentine ' s Day  when on first skater. Whether you've been married for month men's magazines for some simple tips. Any guy can  Valentine ' s Day  after the pressure is on human tragedy. With flowers chocolates ", "a sharp dressed man of course is always important but especially on Valentine's Day when -- on -- first skater. Whether you've been married for years. And get it right look at actually easier than think. We may be seasonally hundred to get some expert advice on how you can dress to impress welcome -- get -- -- Diane rob good morning at this isn't tough assignment I visited the headquarters of one of the month -- men's magazines for some simple tips. Any guy can -- -- Valentine's Day after -- -- the pressure is on human tragedy. With flowers chocolates and restaurants to think about. They should be used to ", "to be a five star chef to make a meal to remember it's all part of this special edition of insomnia can. I just it is  Valentine ' s Day  morning lot of folks had big plans big meals bland romantic evening so they want to do dinner. Just like we're making ", "of this special edition of insomnia can. I just -- it is Valentine's Day morning lot of folks had big plans big meals bland romantic evening so they want to do dinner. Just like we're making. ", "murdering his bombshell cover girl on  Valentine ' s Day  Aaron Oscar the story. This has been into his home to surprise Oscar on  Valentine ' s Day . And Oscar fired at mistaking her What do you have up your sleeve for  Valentine ' s Day  later adding it should be a day of ", "-- superstar runner is accused of murdering his bombshell cover girl on Valentine's Day Aaron -- Oscar the story. This has been arrested for allegedly killing his -- friends. Early Thursday morning neighbors in his exclusive ", "-- -- may have sneaked into his home to surprise Oscar on Valentine's Day . And Oscar fired at mistaking her for burglar. -- had treated just the day before how much she was looking forward to the holiday. What do you have up your sleeve for Valentine's Day later adding it should be a day of love for every one may -- be blessed. But police were quick to make ", "and them next hours what kind of like the antithesis to a  Valentine ' s Day  presents. There is apparently an attorney is launching Michigan and he said that he will give anybody free divorce is  Valentine ' s Day . If the come up with the best to break up story yet so ", "and them next hours what kind of like the antithesis to a Valentine's Day presents. There is apparently an attorney is launching -- quite an unorthodox competition to help unhappy couples move forward he's from southern Michigan and he said that he will give anybody free divorce is Valentine's Day . If the -- -- come up with the best to break up story yet so this is ordinarily 15100 dollars to 3000 ", "Some folks who headed to Cancun but instead spent nine hours of their  Valentine ' s Day  stuck on the tarmac there at New York's. the airport not exactly the world's most romantic now. Just a few moments ago I ", "who -- headed to Cancun but instead spent nine hours of their Valentine's Day stuck on the tarmac there at New York's. -- the airport not exactly the world's most romantic -- now. Just a few ", "Modern-day matchmakers setup a real-life date and ABC News' Lana Zak has the results.", "A West Virginia father alters the color of one of his cows for his young daughter's amusement."]