['In a federal courtroom in Harrisburg, 20 miles away, a judge is hearing arguments in the sixth week of a landmark trial over whether the concept can be introduced in public school. The non-jury trial is expected to conclude Nov. 4; it is unclear when the judge will issue a decision.', 'Republican voters outnumber Democrats in the district nearly 8-5. But party affiliation may not matter in the election: While the challengers are running on the Democratic ticket, half of them are actually registered Republicans, according to a spokesman.', 'Intelligent design holds that the universe is so complex that it must have been created by some kind of higher force.', 'The school board voted a year ago to require students to hear a statement about intelligent design before learning about evolution. The statement says Charles Darwin\'s theory is "not a fact" and has inexplicable "gaps."', 'Eight families sued to have intelligent design removed, contending that it is biblical creationism in disguise and therefore violates the constitutional separation of church and state.', 'One of the Pennsylvania plaintiffs, Bryan Rehm, is also running for the school board. "A lot of people in the community are fed up with intelligent design either way. They\'d like for it to go away," he said.', 'Vincent Farrell, a retired Agway store manager, said he is leaning heavily toward keeping the incumbents and sees nothing wrong with making students aware of intelligent design.', '"I think that to sue the Dover school board over this is overkill," said Farrell, 69. "There are a lot of closed minds, from what I\'ve seen."', 'Saundra Roldan, a preschool teacher at the YMCA, is planning to vote for the slate of challengers. Even if the courts side with the school board, "we as voters and taxpayers should say, \'You put us into this mess and we\'re not happy about it and we want you out of here.\'"', '"It should not have come to that point," Roldan said as she took a break from reading her Bible.', '   Copyright 2005 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. ']