['worth taking your kids out of school," Bleiberg says, though prices usually go up around three-day weekends such as  Veterans Day . Cherry blossom season aside (usually late March through mid-April), the spring can be a gorgeous time to visit ', "with the Virginia. The other ancestor was Worden's nephew who served as Worden's aide. Related: President Marks  Veterans Day  at Arlington Cemetery Finlayson is also grateful. He says that you get a sense among the descendants of the 16 who ", 'according to Evans, on holidays like Independence Day and  Veterans Day . The organization accepts donations online and via thinking about veterans in the U.S. To celebrate  Veterans Day  this year, Evans wants to raise enough money to send ', "Brings Son to Tears Petty Officer James Ellis shocked his children with his surprise return from Afghanistan as part of a  Veterans Day  celebration coordinated by their elementary school in Andrews, N.C. Family Surprises Soldier During Live 'GMA ", "capital to steer the nation away from that approaching fiscal cliff. @jaketapper : If you have a minute, here's our  Veterans '  Day  tribute to the troops who served at Combat Outpost Keating > http://abcn.ws/Q9lNUg THE BUZZ: with Elizabeth ", "'Dancing With the Stars: All-Stars' Recap: In Week of Military Tributes, Trio Dances, Melissa Rycroft Reigns", "home. Tonight's show featured two rounds of dance. The first round featured couples in routines that commemorated  Veterans Day  and honored members of the U.S. armed services. In the subsequent round - dubbed the Trio dances - the couples were ", 'with Elizabeth Hartfield ( @LizHartfield ) OBAMA MARKS  VETERANS DAY  AT ARLINGTON NATIONAL CEMETERY. Honoring the nation\'s distinction," President Barack Obama Sunday participated in  Veterans Day  ceremonies at Arlington National Cemetery, reports ', 'Barack Obama today participated in  Veterans Day  ceremonies at Arlington National when he noted this was the first  Veterans Day  without an Iraq War. "Over the year." Read all of ABC News\'  Veterans Day  coverage here. It was an obligation ', 'me. "We wanted to take the kids to Disney World. We wanted to live the American dream." Read all of ABC News\'  Veterans Day  coverage here. In the interview with Sileo, just over a year ago, Jarboe said that as he lay on the ground staring ', 'that no one would replicate." Read all of ABC News\'  Veterans Day  coverage here. Ehredt, a 51-year-old Army veteran experiences later in the day, as well, as part of  Veterans Day  weekend. Ehredt said he\'s sure he\'ll field many ', 'govinfo.library.unt.edu/taxreformpanel/final-report/index.html ... KellyAyotte : 6th graders reading  Veterans Day  reflections at special ceremony at Woodbury School in Salem pic.twitter.com/sGZHqP1k @mlcalderone : Frum ebook ', 'Sen. McCain visits Beaufort, SC for a  Veterans Day  parade and talk with locals.', 'troops do say that they feel invisible when they do come home so we are actually calling our viewers to action today on  veterans day  we are asking you. To go out and say thank you to anyone you see on the street in their uniform and send us. Their ', 'home so we are actually calling our viewers to action today on veterans day we are asking you. To go out and say thank you to anyone you see on the street in their uniform and ', 'some unique than women and making them whole again. Today we honor the men and women who proudly serve our nation.  Veterans day  parades are held across the country but none larger than the one here in New York City. over 20000 participants and ', 'Today we honor the men and women who proudly serve our nation. Veterans day parades are held across the country but none larger than the one here in New York City. -- over 20000 participants and ', "It's  veterans day  so as salutes and everybody in uniform. The front page of any newspaper bad  veterans day  and I find that very offensive because guess we talk about it is it's not on  veterans day  when I talking. Got an everyday thing ", "It's veterans day so as salutes and everybody in uniform. The front page of any newspaper bad veterans day and I find that very offensive because we have lost. Over 4000 American soldiers male and female. We have to show the ", "about improvement I guess we talk about it is it's not on veterans day when I -- talking. Got an everyday thing it's a conversation but today's the day -- -- these are men and women ", "for I don't know what I yeah here's the deal today is veterans day . And we are celebrating veterans day and now we're -- -- not okay. ", "Veterans day  earlier this week. We've had any number of great reunions. We had one yesterday on the show, of course. We want to bring ", "Veterans day earlier this week. We've had any number of great reunions. We had one yesterday on the show, of course. We want to "]