['Woman collapsed in the heat after getting lost while hiking on the Utah-Arizona border.', 'inspiration from his extraordinary example of moral courage kindness and humility. Today also marks the fifteenth  wedding anniversary  for Nelson Mandela and his third Michelle who he married when he turned eighty years old. Friends and Stanley ', 'example of moral courage kindness and humility. Today also marks the fifteenth wedding anniversary for Nelson Mandela and his third -- -- -- Michelle who he married when he turned eighty years old. Friends and Stanley ', "And I never did, and I never would. Hilaria baldwin showed five tweets during this time period on topics of  wedding anniversary  ideas and her upcoming appearance on the rachael ray show. But it's possible to preschedule tweets so they ", "Hilaria baldwin showed five tweets during this time period on topics of wedding anniversary ideas and her upcoming appearance on the rachael ray show. But it's possible to preschedule tweets so they post automatically. Alec baldwin ", 'went platinum. Here the couple celebrating their 70th  wedding anniversary . That alone a terrific milestone, both 91, got married Yeah. Awesome. That wa awesome. Well, happy, happy  wedding anniversary  to that couple. What an inspiration. Nks for bringing ', 'of young love that went platinum. Here the couple celebrating their 70th wedding anniversary . That alone a terrific milestone, both 91, got married in 1943. Make this story that much more incredible they were photographed when ', 'agree. You like me? Yeah. Awesome. That wa awesome. Well, happy, happy wedding anniversary to that couple. What an inspiration. Nks for bringing that. ', "I hate to rain on bob's kid parade. My sources told me they're there to celebrate brad's parents'  50th wedding anniversary  which is tomorrow. Boo to a 50th anniversary. Brad is so close to his parents. I can't imagine, all of ", "kid parade. My sources told me they're there to celebrate brad's parents' 50th wedding anniversary which is tomorrow. Boo to a 50th anniversary. Brad is so close to his parents. I can't imagine, all of my sources ", 'fashion empire eighteen But the took a break last month. Traveling to Cuba with her husband GC for their fifth  wedding anniversary  igniting a from lawmakers. Should make up all of the who was actually quite shocking to. It was such a beautiful ', 'last month. Traveling to Cuba with her husband GC for their fifth wedding anniversary igniting a -- -- from lawmakers. Should make up all of the -- -- who was actually quite shocking to. It was ', 'fashion empire eighteen But the took a break last month. Traveling to Cuba with her husband GC for their fifth  wedding anniversary  igniting a from lawmakers. Should make up all of the Traversing who was actually quite shocking to. It was such ', 'last month. Traveling to Cuba with her husband GC for their fifth wedding anniversary igniting a -- -- from lawmakers. Should make up all of the -- Traversing -- who was actually quite shocking to. It ', 'story the world has been watching for decades Queen Elizabeth and Prince Philip are celebrating their sixtieth.  Wedding anniversary . Our nick outside Westminster Abby with a celebration is under way this morning neck. Good morning Chris the ', 'watching for decades Queen Elizabeth and Prince Philip are celebrating their sixtieth. Wedding anniversary . Our nick -- -- outside Westminster Abby with a celebration is under way this morning neck. Good morning Chris -- the crowds ', "mrs. Carter. Jay-z in his shorts holding a cig dpar. Beyonce with her camera. They celebrated their fifth  wedding anniversary , mobbed by fans excited to see the flash of hollywood. This resident says, it's her first time in cuba ", "holding a cig dpar. Beyonce with her camera. They celebrated their fifth wedding anniversary , mobbed by fans excited to see the flash of hollywood. This resident says, it's her first time in cuba. Long live beyonce. ", "It's actually their sixteenth  wedding anniversary  next month the fifteenth it was last year and already costly. Side Barack Obama says He has a fifteenth  wedding anniversary  next week. The obamas were actually married in 1992 ", "It's actually their sixteenth wedding anniversary next month the fifteenth it was last year and already in the slip up has become very costly. Side Barack Obama says He has a fifteenth wedding anniversary next week. The obamas were actually married in 1992. Making next week. There's sixteen. Would you hope for a man who doesn't ", "best answer is as little as possible. Whoa! That's a good answer. First presidential debate was on your 20th  wedding anniversary . Go figure. And there's your wedding photo that we're showing right now. And the two of you look exactly ", "Whoa! That's a good answer. First presidential debate was on your 20th wedding anniversary . Go figure. And there's your wedding photo that we're showing right now. And the two of you look exactly the same. He's ", "didn't get people to eat cartons a lot which I'm not a huge fan of this was from my husband this year for twelve  wedding anniversary  but it didn't show you what's inside but we'll get it but it's hard. I'm actually I'm old school ", "fan of this was from my husband this year for -- twelve wedding anniversary -- but it didn't show you what's inside but we'll get it but -- it's hard. I'm actually I'm -- old school ", 'Yeah very surprising news Hilary Duff whose one year  wedding anniversary  happened this week took to her and web sites to announce good bye I know that so I spoke to on over the weekend is  wedding anniversary . In two weeks she told me she time with bill and one ', 'expect an announcement. Yeah very surprising news Hilary Duff whose one year wedding anniversary happened this week took to her -- and web sites to announce that not only was she can release a few photographs ', 'that so I spoke to -- on over the weekend is -- wedding anniversary . In two weeks she told me she -- time with bill and one today. New -- apparel shoes and she realized how ', "honor alien aisles making it one of the most popular shows on right now why she just celebrated her. And it your  wedding anniversary  would be hunky Jason seaborne. And did we mention that today is Andy's birthday happy birthday NG. Our Chris ", "-- right now why -- she just celebrated her. And it your wedding anniversary would be hunky Jason seaborne. And did we mention that today is Andy's birthday happy birthday NG. Our Chris Connelly spoke with ", 'from them as not. But this weekend a little break from politics the first couple celebrated their nineteenth  wedding anniversary . The president says the best piece of advice He got from the shell hit the mark of success comes from having ', 'weekend a little break from politics the first couple celebrated their nineteenth wedding anniversary . The president says the best piece of advice He got from the shell hit the mark of success comes from having happy ', "Talk about an anniversary present Harry third  wedding anniversary . To act and Nick Cannon she produced ago. back own life. So on April 30 that couple's third  wedding anniversary . And I have with playing DJ in the delivery room ", 'Talk about an anniversary present -- -- -- Harry -- third wedding anniversary . To act and Nick Cannon she produced -- -- -- ago. -- back to the production. Until tonight -- protective parents of ', "and threatened her own life. So on April 30 that couple's third wedding anniversary . And I have with -- playing DJ in the delivery room. Gave birth you -- music aren't. Had to make sure like ", "name. It's as mark was planning to do the same an effort to escape the shadow consumed him. Their seventh  wedding anniversary  would have been this Sunday. You can read Bernie Madoff handwritten letters to Stephanie on our website abcnews ", 'same an effort to escape the shadow -- consumed him. Their seventh wedding anniversary would have been this Sunday. You can read Bernie Madoff handwritten letters to Stephanie on our website abcnews.com. Slash 20/20. ']