["couple to tie the knot at Denny's new in-house  wedding chapel  in Las Vegas Wednesday evening, walking down the married there after learning about the in-house  wedding chapel  at Denny's on Fremont while reading Food Network ", 'Jas-Lex, Britney Spears\' childhood friend who became her husband for all of 55 hours when they wed at the Little White  Wedding Chapel  in Las Vegas on Jan. 3, 2004. Two days later, Spears asked to have the marriage annulled, saying she "lacked ', 'wrote each other love letters throughout their courtship and marriage. The Wedding: June 21, 1940, Mission Inn  wedding chapel , Riverside, Calif. Their wedding was a small, simple Quaker service. The Honeymoon: Mexico John F. and Jacqueline ', "Britney Spears' Ex, Jason Alexander, Reflects on 55-Hour Marriage: 'I Was in Love'", 'he said. "I was in love with her. ... I feel like she felt the same way." They went to the little white  wedding chapel , exchanged vows and posed for the infamous photo with Spears sporting a white baseball cap and a bare midriff. It ', 'Jas-Lex, Britney Spears\' childhood friend who became her husband for all of 55 hours when they wed at the Little White  Wedding Chapel  in Las Vegas on Jan. 3, 2004. Two days later, Spears asked to have the marriage annulled, saying she "lacked ', 'saying "I do" (and perhaps, "Nothing compares to you?") to Irish lad Barry Herridge at the Little White  Wedding Chapel , which has played host to such long lasting couples as Britney Spears and Jason Alexander. O\'Connor went public ', 'Jas-Lex, Britney Spears\' childhood friend who became her husband for all of 55 hours when they wed at the Little White  Wedding Chapel  in Las Vegas on Jan. 3, 2004. Two days later, Spears asked to have the marriage annulled, saying she "lacked ', 'Jackson, a guest at the resort from Bristol, Tenn., planned to have her dream beach wedding through the Myrtle Beach  Wedding Chapel  on Friday and stay in town until Sunday. Instead, her family decided to push the wedding to Wednesday evening and ', 'Les Clefs d\'Or ("golden keys"), an elite association of concierges. The duo was married the next day at a  wedding chapel . A less-expensive proposal: Mills got members of Cirque du Soleil\'s MGM Grand KA show to surprise a woman dining ', 'Abbey to decide on the music for the April 29 royal wedding. This is the first visit the couple has made to their  wedding chapel  together. Sneaking into the church through a back gate, the couple arrived with the father-of-the-groom at ', 'photography classes. During my Crown Princess journey, a standing-room-only crowd gathered in the Hearts and Minds  wedding chapel  to hear a buff instructor deliver a free lecture on the benefits of a cleansing detox ... only to learn that banishing ', 'badge, a proclamation and a key to the town of Hell. The cost: $100. You can even get married in Hell. "Our  wedding chapel  will bring you happiness in your marriage, as a marriage made in Hell has nowhere to go but up," Colone promises ', 'John and David Furnish , who were friends with Gately and Cowles. Gately and Cowles held a commitment ceremony in a  wedding chapel  while on holiday in Las Vegas in 2003. On March 19, 2006, Gately entered into a civil partnership with Cowles in ', 'assists fifteen feet from. Drive carefully comebacks here. they just put that up and down the Vegas strip and  wedding chapel  on the right casinos that are left. Americans across this country taking a gamble on something yeah. Again. Sales ', '-- they just put that up and down the Vegas strip and wedding chapel on the right -- -- casinos that are left. Americans across this country taking a gamble on something yeah. Again. Sales of ', "Around the world, s are rushing to get married before the day's end. Where else would we find nick watt but at a  wedding chapel  in las vegas. And it looks like you're about to walk down the aisle. Reporter: I'm just here in a supervisory ", "day's end. Where else would we find nick watt but at a wedding chapel in las vegas. And it looks like you're about to walk down the aisle. Reporter: I'm just here in a supervisory capacity. ", 'A mobile  wedding chapel  in Las Vegas will pull up to a curb and charge $99 for the ceremony.', 'the first couple to tie the knot at the new denny\'s in las vegas. This is no ordinary denny\'s. It features a  wedding chapel . A full bar and breakfast burritos to boot. After saying "i do" they share a pancake puppy wedding cake and now ', 'denny\'s in las vegas. This is no ordinary denny\'s. It features a wedding chapel . A full bar and breakfast burritos to boot. After saying "i do" they share a pancake puppy wedding cake and now they\'re ', "advantage of that these days check out the city that's now opened in Moscow park included in the whole thing is eight  wedding chapel  a cinema a lighthouse that even a one room hotel and it's probably a joke but the creators rather say there's ", "now opened in Moscow park included in the whole thing is eight wedding chapel a cinema a lighthouse that even a one room hotel and it's probably a joke but the -- -- -- creators rather ", 'things going through your head. Wentworth month villains I was a shoes she felt the same way. So took a little white  wedding chapel  and those tabloid photo. Baseball hat that bare midriff it all seemed so promising was their honeymoon period for ', '-- shoes she felt the same way. So took a little white wedding chapel and those -- tabloid photo. Baseball hat that bare midriff it all seemed so promising was their honeymoon period for you guys ']