['anniversary Sunday after finally being reunited with Joyce\'s  wedding band . She had lost it 40 years ago. It turned up during years of marriage together," she said. "I put his  wedding band  around my neck on a necklace. We went down to Paducah ', 'said, \'I don\'t have a groom, but if you guys are still around, will you plan my wedding?\'" Owens\' booking her  wedding band  well in advance was just one part of the project manager for I.B.M.\'s detailed wedding day planning that began ', 'anything else. "The first ring is my mother\'s actual  wedding band , that she was not wearing because she was going to deal. I\'m now actually wearing my grandfather\'s  wedding band ." Riphagen said she\'s felt badly about the missing ', 'Harris would never have spotted a  wedding band  in the sand of Idaho\'s Redfish Schroeder would never have lost her  wedding band  at the lake\'s dog beach had her in August when she spotted the  wedding band  at the bottom of the lake. "We ', 'While everyone made it out of the water safely with no injuries, there was one casualty so to speak. Norton says his  wedding band  slipped off when he hit the water and hero or not, his wife is none too pleased.', 'luck wasn\'t completely lost on Lynch. About a year and a half later, her sister, Vicki Belanger, 46, found the  wedding band  by itself glistening on the ground as the snow melted. "I was excited about that, but never found the actual engagement ', "Brian Austin Green and Megan Fox: Son's Birth Overshadowed by Reese Witherspoon Baby", 'Oct. 17 that she and Green had welcomed a son, Noah Shannon Green. Witherspoon and her husband, Jim Toth, also had a son, whom they named Tennessee. Green stars in the new TBS comedy " Wedding Band ," premiering this Saturday night.', 'southern Italian city of Fasano. The next day, Timberlake was spotted out and about in Fasano wearing a simple gold  wedding band . The couple was also snapped Sunday at the airport wearing hats and casual attire. Though Timberlake and Biel were ', 'has never been stronger." Mills calls his wife "a real hero" for helping him and staying by his side. He says his  wedding band  is his most prized possession. His brother-in-law pulled it off of his mangled finger after the explosion and Mills ', 'That\'s going to be a great future," Howard told WFAA. Frank Howard, 52, attended the hearing still wearing his  wedding band , hoping to reconcile with his wife. "I think they\'ve got a possibility of doing that. I think they\'re both people ', "With beautiful design and Sony is for that. The experience starts at 500 dollars. And take a look at this high tech  wedding band  now remember contains a computer chip. Which heats up 24 hours before your anniversary. Unfortunately though it's ", "starts at 500 dollars. And take a look at this high tech wedding band now remember -- contains a computer chip. Which heats up 24 hours before your anniversary. Unfortunately though it's not yet available in ", "Full circle for a cherished  wedding band  a diver who lost his ring in this ocean tank. At this New England Aquarium thought he'd never see again but three months later ", "Full circle for a cherished wedding band a diver who lost his ring in this ocean tank. At this New England Aquarium thought he'd never see again but three ", "He's gonna perform at the wedding do he's gonna need the wedding day that's great I can only hope it's like the  wedding band  and and all of Todd Phillips movies late night. The hangover of the old school yeah which is it just rented its prominent ", "the wedding day that's great I can only hope it's like the wedding band and and all of Todd Phillips movies -- late night. The hangover of the old school yeah which is it just rented ", "Reporter: This video, just released this morning, an r&b HOMAGE TO '50s RAT PACK GLAMOUR. And featuring his  wedding band . Could that woman straightening his tie be his bride? His first video in seven years. He stirred excitement with ", "morning, an r&b HOMAGE TO '50s RAT PACK GLAMOUR. And featuring his wedding band . Could that woman straightening his tie be his bride? His first video in seven years. He stirred excitement with this dramatic announcement. ", "comes to what will come of the wedding day they've been planning for more than a year. My fiance doesn't have a  wedding band  because it's locked up at a jeweler without power. So, we can always use an old-fashioned aluminum foil ring if ", "been planning for more than a year. My fiance doesn't have a wedding band because it's locked up at a jeweler without power. So, we can always use an old-fashioned aluminum foil ring if we have ", "shoplifters. Nasa could get tips from them. Then, at a pawnshop. He pays another friend, 200 bucks, to pawn the wife's  wedding band  and ring. And of course, they go cash in her tips at the palm's casino, even more security cameras. It's a video ", "a pawnshop. He pays another friend, 200 bucks, to pawn the wife's wedding band and ring. And of course, they go cash in her tips at the palm's casino, even more security cameras. It's a video "]