['Part 1: The latest from London, delivery-room details, global reactions and merchandise.', "not quite as appetizing. Leaving Kate following British tradition will reportedly break out the preserve top tier of their  wedding cake  for the christening party. Hopefully user and two year old. Of course there are a lot of baby souvenirs to be had but we're ", 'British tradition will reportedly break out the preserve top tier of their wedding cake for the christening party. Hopefully -- user and two year old. Of course there are a lot of baby souvenirs to be ', "real motive later of course was always This down. This perfect moment. wedding day is finally here. Look out it's a  wedding cake  off. You can make it yourself who doesn't actually go down a local store more fourth overall. dealt the cards cold parties ", "perfect moment. -- wedding day is finally here. Look out it's a wedding cake off. You can make it yourself who doesn't actually go down a local store more fourth overall. -- dealt the cards cold ", "homophobic baker and I'm not going to sell a lesbian  wedding cake . Reporter: Will people tolerate this type of appointment for cake testing. What kind of cake? A  wedding cake . A  wedding cake ? And we like this cake but we wanted to know ", "playing the homophobic baker and I'm not going to sell a lesbian wedding cake . Reporter: Will people tolerate this type of intolerance? We wanted to set an appointment for cake testing. What kind of cake? A wedding cake . A wedding cake ? And we like this cake but we wanted to know if it would go with this topper. You're having a lesbian wedding? ", 'A baker refuses to make a  wedding cake  for a lesbian couple, bringing one man nearby to tears.', 'to meet you. I hear you guys are in the  wedding cake  business. We are.  Wedding cakes  at safe way average around $300. It looks cake expert. Will you please try these  wedding cakes  and tell us which one you look the best ', "you? Nice to meet you. I hear you guys are in the wedding cake business. We are. Wedding cakes at safe way average around $300. It looks like right here that you basically choose your core design. What's relatively new sthauk ", "Ten it's ten on the could this happen to I have to gay sister who I love. Are your kids here tonight. Yet to boy with a  wedding cake . That's the last that is there would you take your kids. And and that's my wife there with the divorce was prepared ", "love. Are your kids here tonight. Yet to boy with a -- wedding cake . That's the last that -- is there would you take your kids. And and that's my wife -- -- there with the ", "ten all of them could this happen to make I have gay sister who I love. Are your kids here today. Yet to go with a bag  wedding cake . That's and that is there would you take your kids. And and that's my wife Lucille there with the divorce to build ", "Are your kids here today. Yet to go -- with a bag wedding cake . That's -- and that -- is there would you take your kids. And and that's my wife Lucille there with the divorce ", "If you thought your  wedding cake  was incredible wait until today. We TV's amazing  wedding cakes  is back for its third is shops featured on amazing  wedding cakes . People would take a look so much pressure to make a  wedding cakes  and we're talking about ", "If you thought your wedding cake was incredible wait until you -- the master -- made by our guest today. We TV's amazing wedding cakes is back for its third is and how we're so happy to have the owners and -- -- -- girls in Chicago with us. Christine peek at their newest creations. Sisters -- -- -- are here with us welcome ladies. Hi hey thanks for having us absolutely sit -- girls as one of four high antique shops featured on amazing wedding cakes . People would take a look at your work how did -- girls come about. Making take some probably it's a minute about ", "necessarily nine year. Turns out in the wake of new cost consciousness and her wedding. Supermarkets are moving in on the gilded  wedding cake  business with more finessed than you'd imagine they thought. Let their game I think realize that this. 74 billion dollar ", "cost consciousness and her wedding. Supermarkets are moving in on the gilded wedding cake business with more finessed than you'd imagine they thought. Let their game I think -- realize that this. 74 billion dollar industry ", "favorite moment at the show another chapter in our royal diary this morning as new details a report we know. Who's baking the wedding and we that we also know who is making the grooms specially requested by Prince William might bruise ours is on the case. cake baker Fiona parents will masterpiece", "we see a lot of same sex couples coming in for casings and consultations right now. Same sex couples tying the needs more  wedding cakes  debate we would do anywhere from six A and its carrier. And our forecast it's like it'll probably be sixty in month ", "and consultations right now. Same sex couples tying the -- needs more wedding cakes debate we would do anywhere from six A and its carrier. And our forecast it's like it'll probably be sixty in -- ", 'A  wedding cake  in Dallas might get more attention the brought in nine cake is decked out. In diamonds and fires and is on sale at a million dollars will serve about 320 people. comes out to just 13025. Dollars per slice.', 'A wedding cake in Dallas might get more attention -- the brought in nine -- cake is decked out. In diamonds and -- fires and ', "Melissa thought about these gorgeous looking now pops here we have checked so how what pops I  wedding cake  pops are really becoming very popular  wedding cakes . And their actually delicious. They a little riding Warren's they also coming AK forty ", "looking now pops here we have checked so how what pops I wedding cake pops are really becoming very popular -- wedding cakes . And their actually delicious. They -- a little riding Warren's they also coming AK forty it is to your wedding -- -- ", "television and Martha Stewart was on promoting her book on  wedding cakes . And looking at each one of these mini masterpieces many the wedding I started to think. What if we did with the  wedding cake  mysteries and speech. Book in the series we'll have a ", "this morning television and Martha Stewart was on promoting her book on wedding cakes . And looking at each one of these mini masterpieces many keyed into a location for the wedding I started to think. What if we did with the wedding cake mysteries and speech. Book in the series we'll have a different bridegroom -- family and friends and different people that populates the ", "for President Obama this is. Coming together like a formal  wedding cakes  at a grand classic formal American wedding which means there's color of. The couple is said to be using local vendors the  wedding cake  from nearby Scarsdale and wine from nearby Clinton vineyards ", "inaugural balls for President Obama this is. Coming together like a formal wedding cakes at a grand classic formal American wedding which means there's probably a lot of white. Probably not a riot of color of. The couple is said to be using local vendors the wedding cake from nearby Scarsdale and wine from nearby Clinton vineyards no relation. Chelsea's dress is believed to be a classic design by -- ", "everything from buying  wedding cakes  made partly styrofoam charge less. Or put a fake  wedding cake  for display and He cake you said a styrofoam.  Wedding cake  it looks just like a real  wedding cake . He served sometimes it's ", "that's just starting out they usually charge less. Or put a fake wedding cake for display and He -- -- cake from the kid. And that -- -- -- as you said a styrofoam. Wedding cake it looks just like a real wedding cake . He served sometimes it's a mostly Arab -- you just cut the first piece for the pictures. -- -- -- Not only ", 'features a wedding chapel. A full bar and breakfast burritos to boot. After saying "i do" they share a pancake puppy  wedding cake  and now they\'re enj their moon over my hammy -- had me until the puppy cake. I just have a question. Yes. All right ', 'burritos to boot. After saying "i do" they share a pancake puppy wedding cake and now they\'re enj their moon over my hammy -- had me until the puppy cake. I just have a question. Yes. ', "Accomplished as I don't And Andy reportedly big the most expensive  wedding cake  in the world cashing in at 52 million dollars no comment she I don't Elaine yeah. What's the call Paul kind of  wedding cake  would you want to there weren't covered in diamonds but ", '-- -- -- -- -- And Andy reportedly big the most expensive wedding cake in the world cashing in at 52 million dollars no comment on why did it better training and he of the -- ', "I don't -- -- Elaine yeah. What's the call Paul kind of wedding cake would you want to -- -- -- -- there weren't covered in diamonds but what he. -- well he need to tell ", "different. Types of the radio station sends Laura to sample  wedding cake . That is really good did you got out. banana and pick out does and there was good natured bickering about Laura's  wedding cakes  election. I'm not sure I feel about banana cake than you ", 'his two different. Types of the radio station sends Laura to sample wedding cake . That is really good did you got out. -- banana and pick out flowers I -- and decide on the music. Ahead ']