['California\'s attorney general calls for same-sex marriages to resume "as soon as possible."', "A its work is worth it hate me. Yeah exactly did this one speaking of love. This couple really had a reducing  wedding ceremony  they literally went to. Seneca rocks in West Virginia went to the they've been basis everybody was a mountain ", "did this one speaking of love. This couple really had a reducing wedding ceremony they literally went to. Seneca rocks in West Virginia went to the -- -- they've been basis everybody was a mountain climb ", 'Hundreds of dogs are united in "marriage" at mass  wedding ceremony  in New Delhi.', 'student by the name of jets in Panama the daughter of an airline pilot. Gonna show you right now the key moment during  wedding ceremony  this is when the king crowned his new queen you can see He touches her face. Quite delicately played and then smiles ', 'airline pilot. Gonna show you right now the key moment during -- wedding ceremony this is when the king crowned his new queen you can see He touches her face. Quite delicately played -- -- and ', "she is married her boyfriend on Thursday. Also happens to be her 45 birthday. Details about the wedding have been released but on her blog she needs says it will be dream  wedding ceremony  and this'll be fourth marriage for O'Connor.", "but on her blog she needs says it will be -- dream wedding ceremony and this'll be -- fourth marriage for O'Connor. ", "was scream no. When he. That he. Besides. If you they're screaming again. I was instead Mitchell performed a  wedding ceremony  and Elizabeth told the crowd what happened next he went straight from. me to reading me enough to that moment ", "you they're screaming again. I was -- instead Mitchell performed a -- wedding ceremony and Elizabeth told the crowd what happened next he went straight from. -- me to reading me enough to that moment. I ", "Aurora, Colorado 'Dark Knight Rises' Shooting: Stories of Heroism Inside Theater", "let him go. And so he left me. He thought I died. Reporter: Just three weeks ago, pierce performed carey's  wedding ceremony . The worst part for me was thinking my buddy passed away. Reporter: Both men wounded. Taken to separate hospitals ", "He thought I died. Reporter: Just three weeks ago, pierce performed carey's wedding ceremony . The worst part for me was thinking my buddy passed away. Reporter: Both men wounded. Taken to separate hospitals. But they survived. ", 'wrapped the blanket around the bend and right underneath each have and a mine and we got out of them. Despite the the  wedding ceremony  continues you know white dress. Two of the eight remaining bridesmaids and blacks gained a time. They not paying ', 'and a mine and we got out of them. Despite the the wedding ceremony continues -- -- you know white dress. Two of the eight remaining bridesmaids and blacks gained a time. They -- not paying. ', 'husband Matthew Gilmore were spotted strolling on the North Shore in Hawaii Sunday. One day after their private  wedding ceremony  at this Mormon temple. The couple was engaged just last month something Elizabeth told us about exclusively. I ', "-- -- North Shore in Hawaii Sunday. One day after their private wedding ceremony at this Mormon temple. The couple was engaged just last month something Elizabeth told us about exclusively. I couldn't help but notice ", 'For the first time ever a  wedding ceremony  in Japan was conducted by rove. The four foot humanoid miss seeing blasting eyes and plastic pig tails. Led a couple through ', 'For the first time ever a wedding ceremony in Japan was conducted by rove. The four foot humanoid miss seeing -- blasting eyes and plastic pig tails. Led a couple ', "This system. Prince William has decided he's gonna Wear two pairs of underpants one on top of the other for the  wedding ceremony . Simon Cowell has delayed in the date of his own wedding He says. I don't want to overshadow Prince William said ", "two pairs of underpants one on top of the other for the wedding ceremony . Simon Cowell has delayed -- in the date of his own wedding He says. I don't want to overshadow Prince William said ", "can't. From TV now Here OK a. Took Ilyce I'm gonna feel that seems like every couple once not mostly traditional  wedding ceremony . But one that reflects their own individual okay. Read our bit impossible to get married by a celebrity impersonators ", 'feel that seems like every couple once not -- -- mostly traditional wedding ceremony . But one that reflects their own individual -- -- okay. Read our -- bit impossible to get married by a celebrity impersonators. ', "that would be happy together ever hear bats yaks and I question staff. What endearing mistake that lady during her  wedding ceremony  prince loans. Everybody there. I got and we have these really pretty teaching and it's from Kearney who sentenced ", "-- question staff. What endearing mistake that lady -- -- during her wedding ceremony prince -- loans. Everybody -- there. I got -- -- -- -- and we have these really pretty teaching and it's from ", "You know after the brand's  wedding ceremony  at Westminster Abbey is only a lucky we'll head back to where we are right here Buckingham Palace to pick up their heels an evening ", "You know after the brand's wedding ceremony at Westminster Abbey is only a lucky we'll head back to where we are right here Buckingham Palace to pick up their ", "upcoming show. Yes you will now. Com we've been there for ten years now but we actually low so it was no big  wedding ceremony  you know we just kind of went to Vegas and got it done. But what we did it I promise I said you know. In five years ", 'ten years now but we actually low so it was no big wedding ceremony you know we just kind of went to Vegas and got it done. But what we did it I promise -- I ', "Murphy who drew Princess Diana was my god father and that. Stick around who drew Hagar the horrible. Perform my  wedding ceremony . get a bad rap they considered the poor relation of the art world. definitely I don't think cartoons. Comic ", "father and that. Stick around who drew Hagar the horrible. Perform my wedding ceremony . -- -- -- get a bad rap -- they considered the poor relation of the art world. -- definitely I don't think ", "their marriage. How much do we know about the relationship between Ryan Reynolds and Scarlett tornadoes courtship.  wedding ceremony . There eventual relationship this is how much we know. Zero because they didn't want to share India into that ", "about the relationship between Ryan Reynolds and Scarlett tornadoes -- courtship. -- wedding ceremony . There eventual relationship this is how much we know. Zero because they didn't want to share India into that -- plunge reality ", 'uncle what do they were all kidnapped. From Friday  wedding ceremony  in plaudits. The bodies turned up and beaten and then being taken from a church in the middle of the  wedding ceremony  and then murdered proves the assassins have no regard ', 'brother -- and uncle what do they were all kidnapped. From Friday wedding ceremony in plaudits. The bodies turned up and beaten and bludgeoned to death they were still wearing a formal clothing and their faces were covered with tape. Church officials on both sides of the border are reacting to describe. Issued and then being taken from a church in the middle of the wedding ceremony and then murdered proves the assassins have no regard for -- -- What many along the border considered to be -- house ']