["REPORT DATES: July 21st (rookies), July 25th (veterans)SITE: Wofford College, Spartanburg, SCCAMP CONFIDENTIAL: Carolina is probably a little better off than most think after an uneven 2012 season. Obviously getting more consistency from ultra- talented quarterback Cam Newton would go a long way in curing many of the Panthers' woes so maximizing his efficiency has to be paramount. One way Carolina could have helped Newton was clearing up the question marks on the offensive line but that really wasn't addressed. Newton could also use more weapons outside. Veteran Steve Smith is still plenty productive but on the downside and Brandon LaFell is entering a contract year. Domenik Hixon and Ted Ginn aren't the answers, however. New Carolina general manager Dave Gettleman instead decided to create a defensive identity inside in the draft by selecting back-to-back defensive tackles in the first and second rounds. Star Lotulelei is a run-stuffer in the mold of Haloti Ngata, while Kawann Short i...", "Now that we're done with the Super Bowl, it's time to focus in on the real apex of the NFL calendar year -- draft weekend.Since our last mock draft , several seniors...", 'First Round1. ST. LOUIS RAMSSam Bradford, QB, OklahomaComing off of what longtime league personnel man Gil Brandt described as the best quarterback Pro Day workout s...', 'First Round1. ST. LOUIS RAMSSam Bradford, QB, OklahomaA lot can change between now and April 22, and a big part of me still thinks the Rams will work to acquire a ve...', 'In the two weeks since Mock Draft 4.0 was published, Donovan McNabb was traded to a division rival, the Browns picked up a starting linebacker and a starting cornerb...', "Carolina Panthers wide receiver Brandon LaFell is doubtful for Sunday's game against the Washington Redskins due to a concussion he sustained in the team's last outi...", 'Arizona: Some thought the Cardinals would pursue a quarterback in this draft, but they passed on some big names and ended up taking strong-armed John Skeleton of For...', 'LSU quarterback Jarrett Lee can go a long way toward shedding the nickname "pick six" when the No. 12 Tigers invade the Swamp.On the heels of his late-game heroics a...', 'Atlanta not ready to panic, eager to get off to faster starts after 30-20 loss to Carolina', "It's one loss.And in the eyes of the Atlanta Falcons, it's certainly not time to panic.Their 30-20 defeat Sunday came at the hands of the Carolina Panthers, a team t...", 'Cam Newton passed for two touchdowns and ran in two more as the Carolina Panthers took a 30-22 victory over the Philadelphia Eagles in a battle between two last-plac...', 'Josh Freeman caps comeback with 15-yard TD pass to Dallas Clark to beat Carolina 27-21 in OT', "Josh Freeman threw a 15-yard touchdown pass to Dallas Clark in overtime to cap the Tampa Bay Buccaneers' 27-21 comeback win over the Carolina Panthers on Sunday.It w...", 'Preparation for the 2013 NFL season begins in earnest later this week when both the Dallas Cowboys and Miami Dolphins report to training camp on July 20.A week later...', 'Panthers WR Brandon LaFell  inactive against Redskins a week after taking shot to the head', 'Carolina Panthers receiver Brandon LaFell is inactive against the Washington Redskins, a week after taking a shot to the head.LaFell is third on the Panthers with 20...', 'Panthers without RB Jonathan Stewart, WR Brandon LaFell ; Falcons RB Michael Turner is active', "As if the Carolina Panthers don't have enough problems, they'll be without four starters against the Atlanta Falcons.Running back Jonathan Stewart, wide receiver Bra...", "Panthers' Ted Ginn Jr. eager to prove he can still contribute as wide receiver in the NFL", 'Ted Ginn Jr. has never liked being labeled a "specialist."Now the six-year NFL veteran is looking to take advantage of a "fresh start" with the Carolina Panthers and...', 'Cam Newton passed for two touchdowns and ran in two more as the Carolina Panthers took a 30-22 victory over the Philadelphia Eagles in a battle between two last-plac...', 'Agent says former Giants WR Domenik Hixon has agreed to a one-year deal with the Panthers', 'The agent for unrestricted free agent Domenik Hixon says his client has agreed to a one-year contract with the Carolina Panthers.Agent Eric Metz said Wednesday his c...', 'Carolina is probably a little better off than most people think after an uneven 2012 season.Obviously getting more consistency from ultra-talented quarterback Cam Ne...']