["demonstration. The clash occurred Saturday after hundreds of people tried to enter the city's Gezi Park to hold a  wedding ceremony  for a couple who had reportedly met during last month's widespread protests against Prime Minister Recep Tayyip ", 'hailing from states all across the country, had arrived in the Capitol for the annual "National DREAM Graduation and  Wedding "  ceremony , which took place Tuesday at the Lutheran Church of the Reformation just one block from the Capitol. The event ', 'hailing from states all across the country, had arrived in the Capitol for the annual "National DREAM Graduation and  Wedding "  ceremony , which took place Tuesday at the Lutheran Church of the Reformation just one block from the Capitol. The event ', '29, and Khalifa, 25, have a son together and announced their marriage on Twitter Monday, though it seems the  wedding ceremony  is still to come. "Me and Amber got married today. Weddings this fall. Thought I\'d let yall know," Khalifa ', 'their 25th year together, Dwyer and Mosher decided to make a statement of sorts by traveling from state to state for  wedding ceremony  after ceremony just because they could. The result was a documentary, which was released on iTunes Tuesday, chronicling ', 'Buried in a Bacon Coffin? The happy couple, who could not be reached today by ABCNews.com, did not just win a  wedding ceremony  in the contest, they also won a free honeymoon. The Big Bite Bacon Fest arranged for Dunvan and Quinones to travel ', 'Kristin Elizabeth Cutler!!!!!" and now we see what she was wearing when she took her vows the next day. The  wedding ceremony  took place at Woodmont Christian Church in Nashville, followed by a reception at Houston Station, where they reportedly ', 'strapless tulle dress, actress Keira Knightley said "oui" to musician James Righton in a low-key, intimate  wedding ceremony  in southern France Saturday. The 28-year-old "Pirates of the Caribbean" actress paired her dress with pale ', 'marriage annulled, alleging fraud. He believes Kardashian used him for fame. The two famously wed during a televised  wedding ceremony  Aug. 20, 2011, that reportedly cost $10 million, but a mere 72 days later, Kardashian confirmed the two were ', 'together, for better or worse, before 35 guests last Friday at the White Castle restaurant in Jeffersontown, Ky. The  wedding ceremony  was not only non-traditional, it was also free for the couple who won it in a radio contest. "We could not decide ', 'When Kathryn Hamm\'s mother looked for a shower gift for her daughter\'s gay " wedding "  ceremony , all she could find were photo albums with images of traditional male grooms and female brides. And Hamm herself had embarrassing ', 'Today in Pictures: Muslim Group Wedding, Crowded Subway Platform, Tennis Victory', 'brides chat as they wait for the start of a mass  wedding ceremony  in Ahmedabad, India, Nov. 4, 2012. Some 47 Muslim couples participated in a mass  wedding ceremony  organized by The Fazale Rabbi Samuh Lagna Committee ', 'toward marriage equality. "We want our interpersonal relationship to be acknowledged in a union formalized via a  wedding ceremony ," Ferguson says in the video. "But we\'re just like millions of Americans who are denied the basic civil rights ', "one of those days that has passed has been a day that a family member. Who may have enjoyed and participated in a  wedding ceremony  may have passed away. Each day that that's passed as a day that a baby may have been born. And that California ", "that a family member. Who may have enjoyed and participated in a wedding ceremony may have passed away. Each day that that's passed as a day that a baby may have been born. And that California ", "A its work is worth it hate me. Yeah exactly did this one speaking of love. This couple really had a reducing  wedding ceremony  they literally went to. Seneca rocks in West Virginia went to the they've been basis everybody was a mountain ", "did this one speaking of love. This couple really had a reducing wedding ceremony they literally went to. Seneca rocks in West Virginia went to the -- -- they've been basis everybody was a mountain climb ", 'Hundreds of dogs are united in "marriage" at mass  wedding ceremony  in New Delhi.', 'student by the name of jets in Panama the daughter of an airline pilot. Gonna show you right now the key moment during  wedding ceremony  this is when the king crowned his new queen you can see He touches her face. Quite delicately played and then smiles ', 'airline pilot. Gonna show you right now the key moment during -- wedding ceremony this is when the king crowned his new queen you can see He touches her face. Quite delicately played -- -- and ', "she is married her boyfriend on Thursday. Also happens to be her 45 birthday. Details about the wedding have been released but on her blog she needs says it will be dream  wedding ceremony  and this'll be fourth marriage for O'Connor.", "but on her blog she needs says it will be -- dream wedding ceremony and this'll be -- fourth marriage for O'Connor. "]