['owner of the Chateau de Vallery, where the couple stayed with their 60 guests, the newlyweds celebrated with a dinner,  wedding cake  and a fireworks display. See Halle Berry\'s Baby Bump! It\'s an exciting time for the "X-Men" star, who is pregnant ', 'grandfather. Jesse Tyler Ferguson Shared an Intimate Part of His Wedding The "Modern Family" star tweeted an adorable pic of his  wedding cake  topper with the line, "Top of the world. Top of the cake!" Rose McGowan Got Engaged Marilyn Manson\'s former flame ', "Biscuit Cake Prince William's childhood favorite treat is reportedly chocolate biscuit cake, which informed the couple's  wedding cake  choice. ABC News' Nick Watt shared the generations-old Watt family recipe for the rich dessert. Beefeater Royal Punch ", "how long before this unique drive thru experience forces you to drive off? !  Wedding Cake : What would you do if you saw a lesbian couple being denied a  wedding cake  at a bakery because the owner doesn't believe in gay marriage? Insult Comic ", 'to Bridal Bootcamp and Taste Tests for the Best Piece of  Wedding Cake  "ABC\'s The Lookout" is a survival guide to the modern prize. The Cake Test: Big box supermarkets are now in the  wedding cake  business, but how do they stack up? "ABC\'s The Lookout ', 'Same-Sex Couples Flock to Marry in Calif.: LA County Issues 500 Licenses Since Friday', 'making available marriage packages for newlyweds, including popular gay bar and restaurant The Abbey, which is offering  wedding cakes , champagne and cocktails for couples who bring their wedding parties over following the civil ceremony. Ten city of West ', 'coffee and watched TV as they awaited word of the Supreme Court\'s decisions relating to same-sex marriage. There was a  wedding cake  and champagne under a giant, rainbow-colored flag over the patio. LINK The Hill\'s Ben Goad and Julian Hattem: " Supreme ', "carried bacon petal ring pillows. The ceremony was officiated by a local radio DJ clad in a vest covered in bacon fabric. The  wedding cake , of course, was decorated with a bacon theme, while the groom's cake was a giant maple bacon bourbon doughnut covered ", 'today of the exact moment when the sky lit up during the couple\'s April 5 wedding. READ MORE: Bakery Creates Glazed Donut  Wedding Cake  "There was a flash, then a lightning strike and then thunder," Thornton said. "There was a ball of flame and then an ', 'close a bag of spuds! It makes sense as there are lots of potato farms in our area." READ: Bakery Creates Glazed Donut  Wedding Cake  One user commented on Watson\'s blog that Nadine means hope, and the name stuck. A year later when Nadine was finally ', 'READ: Bakery Denies Same-Sex Couple  Wedding Cake  A lesbian couple went to Sweet Cakes Ore., bakery Jan. 17 to order their  wedding cake , but said they were told the bakery when he refused to make the couple a  wedding cake . "I honestly did not mean to hurt ', "that's not quite as appetizing. Leaving following British tradition will reportedly break out the preserve top tier of their  wedding cake  for the christening party. Hopefully that will preserve two year Of course there are a lot of baby souvenirs to be had but ", 'British tradition will reportedly break out the preserve top tier of their wedding cake for the christening party. Hopefully that will preserve -- two year -- -- Of course there are a lot of baby souvenirs ', "not quite as appetizing. Leaving Kate following British tradition will reportedly break out the preserve top tier of their  wedding cake  for the christening party. Hopefully user and two year old. Of course there are a lot of baby souvenirs to be had but we're ", 'British tradition will reportedly break out the preserve top tier of their wedding cake for the christening party. Hopefully -- user and two year old. Of course there are a lot of baby souvenirs to be ', "real motive later of course was always This down. This perfect moment. wedding day is finally here. Look out it's a  wedding cake  off. You can make it yourself who doesn't actually go down a local store more fourth overall. dealt the cards cold parties ", "perfect moment. -- wedding day is finally here. Look out it's a wedding cake off. You can make it yourself who doesn't actually go down a local store more fourth overall. -- dealt the cards cold ", "homophobic baker and I'm not going to sell a lesbian  wedding cake . Reporter: Will people tolerate this type of appointment for cake testing. What kind of cake? A  wedding cake . A  wedding cake ? And we like this cake but we wanted to know ", "playing the homophobic baker and I'm not going to sell a lesbian wedding cake . Reporter: Will people tolerate this type of intolerance? We wanted to set an appointment for cake testing. What kind of cake? A wedding cake . A wedding cake ? And we like this cake but we wanted to know if it would go with this topper. You're having a lesbian wedding? ", 'A baker refuses to make a  wedding cake  for a lesbian couple, bringing one man nearby to tears.', 'to meet you. I hear you guys are in the  wedding cake  business. We are.  Wedding cakes  at safe way average around $300. It looks cake expert. Will you please try these  wedding cakes  and tell us which one you look the best ', "you? Nice to meet you. I hear you guys are in the wedding cake business. We are. Wedding cakes at safe way average around $300. It looks like right here that you basically choose your core design. What's relatively new sthauk ", "Ten it's ten on the could this happen to I have to gay sister who I love. Are your kids here tonight. Yet to boy with a  wedding cake . That's the last that is there would you take your kids. And and that's my wife there with the divorce was prepared ", "love. Are your kids here tonight. Yet to boy with a -- wedding cake . That's the last that -- is there would you take your kids. And and that's my wife -- -- there with the "]