["but New Year's is a day for us because. We met on New Year's we got engaged on them here as we had our our our  wedding party  on New Year's I feel like we will do it again. You love birds. I know I know once might have been enough it was ", "we got engaged on them here as we had our our our wedding party on New Year's I feel like we will do it again. -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- You love birds. ", 'planned on attending their wedding could say they were coming because "Two words: Free. Booze," or "I\'m in your  wedding party , idiot. Wait, is this optional?" And guests who expressed their regrets did so because "I\'m lame. On a scale ', 'Rae Jepsen\'s "Call Me Maybe." The bride, Jesse Draper, 29, and her groom, Brian MacInnes, 31, led their  wedding party , along with 100 of their 400 wedding guests, to bust a move to the 2012 hit. "We got 100 of about 400 guests involved ', "Turkey bars protestors'  wedding party  at Istanbul park; disperses crowds with water cannon", 'remarks were compelling. "I think he was being very diplomatic," said Grande, watching as an ethnically mixed  wedding party  pose for pictures at a downtown intersection. "But he also let his emotions play out, and that was interesting to ', 'incorporates some slightly dark humor:  wedding party  attack photos. Beginning with a Tyrannosaurus Rex crashing a  wedding party \'s photo op, the fad is gaining image of a dinosaur attacking a  wedding party , admitted "Star Wars" nerds ', 'First, there was the terrified  wedding party  that was being chased by a giant new viral photo has emerged of a  wedding party  in Toronto being chased by a group vehicles. SEE ALSO: Terrified  Wedding Party  Gets Attacked by Giant T-Rex ', 'some brides are choosing to give their attendants more freedom. Just this week singer Lady Gaga was spotted in the  wedding party  of a friend who allowed her bridesmaids to choose different styles of the same dress. "The key to this is giving ', 'Sporting an outfit from the era of his famous Hollywood film "Grease," Travolta later posed for a group shot with the  wedding party . Princeton Alum: Is That Neil Diamond? At their annual reunions weekend Saturday, Princeton students were duped ', 'cap, dropped by their wedding last week and even hung around to pose for photos with the bride and groom and their  wedding party , according to a Reddit post and photos posted on Imgur.com. According to the Reddit post, the newlyweds ran into ', 'photographer Quinn Miller wanted to make it seem as he oh-so-perfectly Photoshopped a giant T-Rex chasing the entire  wedding party  out of their ceremony at The Myrtles Plantation in St. Francisville, La., on May 26. Miller has seen other photographers ', 'and Tricia Fearon whose entire  wedding party  was dumped into Georgia\'s Lake 18. The Fearon\'s 29-member  wedding party  of bridesmaids, dressed in teal screaming instead. "The entire  wedding party  flips 90 degrees and just dumps ', 'couple, who could not be reached today by ABCNews.com, bowing their heads under an umbrella while the pastor,  wedding party  and a photographer look on. In a split second, the stillness is broken by a loud bolt and shock of light as the assembled ', 'television. This is amazing to get married on \'GMA.\'" The party didn\'t stop after the ceremony this morning. The  wedding party  will dine at Del Frisco\'s Double Eagle Steakhouse. The custom menu consists of some of their favorites, including ', "the ticket. Basically said yes I will be attending because to work to the yes I'll be attending because in your  wedding party  88 when he did this option care. A couple Lauren yes part and the section I won't be attending I blame on the scale ", "to work to -- the yes I'll be attending because in your wedding party 88 when he did this option care. A couple Lauren yes part and -- the -- section I won't be attending I ", "but New Year's is a day for us because. We met on New Year's we got engaged on them here as we had our our our  wedding party  on New Year's I feel like we will do it again. You love birds. I know I know once might have been enough it was ", "we got engaged on them here as we had our our our wedding party on New Year's I feel like we will do it again. -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- You love birds. ", "turned into surprise flash mob wedding dance. Carly Jetsons calming me. With a Jesse Draper and her groom Bryant their  wedding party  along with 100. Of their 400 guests. has that 2012 at planet's problems. Choreographed media to select guest three ", "-- Jesse Draper and her groom Bryant -- -- -- -- their wedding party along with 100. Of their 400 guests. -- has that -- 2012 at -- planet's problems. Choreographed media to select guest three ", "hurt. This is what the couple went through. Magical that the rain held off. And it didn't matter. The entire  wedding party  flips 90 degrees and just dumps all in the lake. The reason for concern at first then as soon as we got -- made sure ", "Magical that the rain held off. And it didn't matter. The entire wedding party flips 90 degrees and just dumps all in the lake. The reason for concern at first then as soon as we got ", 'rushed to the hospital. Investigators say this happens more than you think. Posing for the prom. Last month, this  wedding party  tumbling into a lake. How to spot the warning signs on your own deck. Look for cracked and rotted woods. Decked ', 'happens more than you think. Posing for the prom. Last month, this wedding party tumbling into a lake. How to spot the warning signs on your own deck. Look for cracked and rotted woods. Decked poorly ', "expensive pillowcase. These dresses can cost more than $300. And that doesn't include the cost of engagement party,  wedding party , or shower and gifts. I spent over $10,000. Reporter: Christy may have a lighter wallet and cramped closet full ", "more than $300. And that doesn't include the cost of engagement party, wedding party , or shower and gifts. I spent over $10,000. Reporter: Christy may have a lighter wallet and cramped closet full of dresses she'll ", "Lake Lanier when the dot beneath them collapsed as the  wedding party  was taking wedding photos. It seemed magical rain held off. And it didn't matter the entire  wedding party . ninety degrees and just almost all of us. English ", "the Georgia's Lake Lanier when the dot beneath them collapsed as the wedding party was taking wedding photos. It seemed magical -- -- rain held off. And it didn't matter -- the entire wedding party . -- ninety degrees and just almost all of us. English one bridesmaids suffered a fractured humorous and a dislocated shoulder while others "]