['Five of the 10 seats on the board were up for election in the primary, the latest skirmish in a seesawing battle between faith and science that has opened Kansas up to international ridicule.', 'On Tuesday, three members of the majority faced GOP primary foes who support evolution. A fourth Republican conservative is retiring, and her seat was up for grabs.', 'The fifth seat was held by Janet Waugh, a Kansas City Democrat who opposed the new standards. Facing a more conservative Democrat who favored the anti-evolution language, she won with 65 percent of the vote and will be unopposed in the fall.', "However, the third conservative, Connie Morris, lost to Sally Cauble, a moderate Republican who supports evolution. Meanwhile, the Republican nod for the board's open seat went to another moderate, Jana Shaver. That combination would swing the balance of power toward those who oppose the board's current educational standards.", 'Tuesday\'s outcome was hailed by Kansas biology student Josh Rosenau on his "Thoughts From Kansas" Weblog. "The board is back in moderate hands no matter what. The night is, on balance, a victory," he wrote. "It\'d be nice to further marginalize the extremists by winning the remaining races in November, but we\'ve got a majority that will implement the science standards recommended by the scientists, educators and parents of the science standards committee." ', 'Also Tuesday, Kansas Republicans chose state Sen. Jim Barnett from among seven candidates to challenge Democratic Gov. Kathleen Sebelius.', 'The school board contest was part of a larger effort by the intelligent design movement to introduce its ideas in public schools.', 'Last year, in Dover, Pa., voters ousted school board members who had required the biology curriculum to include mention of intelligent design. A federal judge struck down the policy, declaring intelligent design is religion in disguise.', 'A poll by six news organizations last year suggested about half of Kansans thought evolution should be taught alongside intelligent design.', 'The standards say that the evolutionary theory that all life had a common origin has been challenged by fossils and molecular biology. And they say there is controversy over whether changes over time in one species can lead to a new species.', 'In response, most biologists say that the controversy primarily comes from the proponents of intelligent design themselves, who are motivated by cultural rather than strictly scientific concerns.']