['54-year-old medical practice manager from Maryland, sent back a  wedding gift  -- a small oval framed picture in a gilded frame -- under bank wanted to deal with it." Post said that the choice of  wedding gift  is "always up to the giver. Period. How much you spend ', 'Hollywood In Love Instead, Jackson and Al Mana explained that they\'re using their money to do good for others. "Our  wedding gifts  to one another were contributions to our respective favorite children\'s charities," they said. Jackson and Al Mana ask ', 'bigger surprise. JJ Watt had forgone the mail service and was standing in the hallway of the couple\'s apartment bearing  wedding gifts . "He brought us autographed jerseys and cleats," Stephanie said. "I just said, \'Are you kidding me?\'" The only ', "estimates that the jewelry was worth $75,000. His wife's collection included an irreplaceable Italian necklace that was a  wedding gift  from his parents, a 4-karat diamond tennis bracelet with matching earrings and a gold bangle with her opal birthstone ", 'entire journey. We would like to finalize the review but are unable until we receive a copy of the necropsy." Bea was a  wedding gift  to Rizer and her husband, Alex. Rizer said the family drove the dogs six hours from their home in northern New York State ', "them back to attend mass and receive prayers - Pelling and Grant have asked people to make donations to UNICEF in lieu of  wedding gifts . They're now also running a competition with Zankyou and UNICEF to fly two people to their final destination wedding ", 'engagement photo series went viral last year. Rynda\'s blog notes the groom put it best when he said, "Why register for  wedding gifts  when you can just burgle them?" Peek in on a portion of their their crime spree below. Amanda Rynda/amandarynda.com ', 'marketing and events," said Mancha. Jason had created a whole dinnerware set for the royal family of Saudi Arabia as a  wedding gift . The dinnerware set included diamond plates and was one of the jeweler\'s first big projects. He "wanted to bring it ', 'she\'s now legally separated -- at the club. It was he, Oliveros said, who suggested she try doing a pornography film as a  wedding gift  to him. Oliveros said that she was both appalled and intrigued by the idea. "I figured, I can make this one and only ', ' (Image Credit: Matthew Lloyd/Getty Images) LONDON - The  wedding gifts  may have included "his and hers" towels but now it looks like Wills and Kate will need an extra set of "his." Little brother ', 'an Islamic Jihad Union representative last year, pledging his allegiance to the organization and offering money for a " wedding gift ." The term "wedding", the criminal complaint notes, is code for a terrorist event or attack. In e-mails intercepted ', "amber wins the title. You got a sash for your sweat. Amber is now ready to collect here prize, a sexy photo, the perfect  wedding gift  for the groom. But the real motivator of course was always this. This gown, this perfect moment, amber's wedding day ", "is now ready to collect here prize, a sexy photo, the perfect wedding gift for the groom. But the real motivator of course was always this. This gown, this perfect moment, amber's wedding day is finally ", "but with the loss of 21. Title. It's. It's excellent. is now ready to collect her eyes. sexy photo of the perfect  wedding gift  for the group. But the real motive later of course was always This down. This perfect moment. wedding day is finally here ", 'now ready to collect her eyes. -- sexy photo of the perfect wedding gift for the group. But the real motive later of course was always -- This down. This perfect moment. -- wedding day is ', "It started out as one. My friends said my husband and I wanted a llama. When we got married, he gave me dakota as a  wedding gift . Reporter: You're the guy that started all this? Well, it's true. I gave my wife her first llama as a wedding present ", "a llama. When we got married, he gave me dakota as a wedding gift . Reporter: You're the guy that started all this? Well, it's true. I gave my wife her first llama as a wedding present. ", "monogram. Hey. George isn't here today. Exactly. Normally $88. Slashed in half. 44 bucks. Makes a really beautiful  wedding gift . Yep. Beautiful for the bridal party. Absolutely. And last but not least, we got a lot of oohs and awes for this. This ", 'Exactly. Normally $88. Slashed in half. 44 bucks. Makes a really beautiful wedding gift . Yep. Beautiful for the bridal party. Absolutely. And last but not least, we got a lot of oohs and awes for this. ', "right Kelli Grant worked out of time but I appreciate thanks so much for joining us thank you you can get more of the skates guide to  wedding gifts  from Kelly's deal. Deal of the actually it's a blog at smart money dot com Gary good stuff.", "thank you you can get more of the -- skates guide to wedding gifts from Kelly's deal. Deal of the -- actually it's a blog at smart money dot com Gary good stuff. ", "that's up $200 in one year. You can blame it on the rising cost of airfare and splurging on more expensive outfits and  wedding gifts . And a big honor for malala yus af za, the young woman to stood up for girls who just want an education. She was shot ", 'the rising cost of airfare and splurging on more expensive outfits and wedding gifts . And a big honor for malala yus af za, the young woman to stood up for girls who just want an education. ', "called butterscotch blankirk es. Josh, I have yours coming. You get your initials on them. You get it as baby gift, a  wedding gift , a baby gift. An amazing baby gift. I am a big baby. Yes, you are. We'll see that in your office on the couch. Normally ", "get your initials on them. You get it as baby gift, a wedding gift , a baby gift. An amazing baby gift. I am a big baby. Yes, you are. We'll see that in your office on "]