["Around the world, s are rushing to get married before the day's end. Where else would we find nick watt but at a  wedding chapel  in las vegas. And it looks like you're about to walk down the aisle. Reporter: I'm just here in a supervisory ", "day's end. Where else would we find nick watt but at a wedding chapel in las vegas. And it looks like you're about to walk down the aisle. Reporter: I'm just here in a supervisory capacity. ", 'A mobile  wedding chapel  in Las Vegas will pull up to a curb and charge $99 for the ceremony.', 'the first couple to tie the knot at the new denny\'s in las vegas. This is no ordinary denny\'s. It features a  wedding chapel . A full bar and breakfast burritos to boot. After saying "i do" they share a pancake puppy wedding cake and now ', 'denny\'s in las vegas. This is no ordinary denny\'s. It features a wedding chapel . A full bar and breakfast burritos to boot. After saying "i do" they share a pancake puppy wedding cake and now they\'re ', "advantage of that these days check out the city that's now opened in Moscow park included in the whole thing is eight  wedding chapel  a cinema a lighthouse that even a one room hotel and it's probably a joke but the creators rather say there's ", "now opened in Moscow park included in the whole thing is eight wedding chapel a cinema a lighthouse that even a one room hotel and it's probably a joke but the -- -- -- creators rather ", 'things going through your head. Wentworth month villains I was a shoes she felt the same way. So took a little white  wedding chapel  and those tabloid photo. Baseball hat that bare midriff it all seemed so promising was their honeymoon period for ', '-- shoes she felt the same way. So took a little white wedding chapel and those -- tabloid photo. Baseball hat that bare midriff it all seemed so promising was their honeymoon period for you guys ', 'million things going through your head. villains I was in love with a she felt the same way. So the little white  wedding chapel  in those famous tabloid photo. Baseball the bare midriff it all seemed so promising because our honeymoon period ', '-- -- she felt the same way. So -- the little white wedding chapel in those famous tabloid photo. Baseball -- the bare midriff it all seemed so promising because our honeymoon period for you guys ', "Hawaiian tropic hotel. Both apparently were smitten and within days they married march 18 at the famous little white  wedding chapel . A woman who said she'd been sort of a second mother to Fiore described her. She was friendly she was kind. happy ", "and within days they married march 18 at the famous little white wedding chapel . A woman who said she'd been sort of a second mother to Fiore described her. She was friendly she was kind. -- ", "Mall of America that thinks the recession may actually be working in its favor. Welcome to the mall of America's  wedding chapel . For 250 dollars you can get the whole shebang and though no one was getting married today. Bookings are up 30 ", "actually be working in its favor. Welcome to the mall of America's wedding chapel . For 250 dollars you can get the whole shebang and though no one was getting married today. Bookings are up 30% to ", "experiment by giving him a shot and even paying it. We weren't gonna happen here. We caught up with them working at a  wedding chapel  in Las Vegas the only yeah I don't know whether it's the wedding business marine biology or working as an archaeologist ", "weren't gonna happen here. We caught up with them working at a wedding chapel in Las Vegas the only -- -- -- yeah I don't know whether it's the wedding business marine biology or working as ", "giving him a shot and even paying it. We are ignorant when it happens here. We caught up with them working at a  wedding chapel  in Las Vegas immigrant rhetoric is yeah I don't know whether it's the wedding business marine biology or working ", "when it happens here. We caught up with them working at a wedding chapel in Las Vegas immigrant rhetoric is yeah I don't know whether it's the wedding business marine biology or working as an archaeologist ", "We're here at prospect point in Niagara Falls state. And we have reverend and then landed nearby falls.  Wedding chapel . Each other today. The net and time as we await the lovely drive. Okay. Dearly beloved we are gathered here today ", '-- -- -- And we have reverend and then landed nearby falls. Wedding chapel . Each other today. The net and time as we await the lovely drive. Okay. ', "Hilton and a young man soon to be forgotten Britney Spears and her high school boyfriend showed up at the little white  wedding chapel  at 5 AM. I guess could Michael Jordan got married after midnight here. And I did Bruce Wilson didn't Demi Moore ", "Spears and her high school boyfriend showed up at the little white wedding chapel at 5 AM. I guess -- could -- Michael Jordan got married after midnight here. And I did Bruce Wilson didn't Demi ", 'athlete. Families that needed games in the lobby of the Las Vegas hotel now. shadows of the slot machines and a  wedding chapel . It works out the amusement of the mass. I might get a way to conquer the world less equivalent. He was the youngest ', 'Las Vegas hotel now. -- shadows of the slot machines and a wedding chapel . It works out the amusement of the mass. -- -- -- I might get a way to conquer the world less equivalent. ', "don't imagine how excited utilized TV tonight you. On June 27 1990. Playmate married that billionaire and tiny  wedding chapel  in Houston McBride. Was 26. And the was 89. Anna Nicole Smith was really put in the hot seat after Mary. Came ", 'you. On June 27 1990. Playmate married that billionaire and -- tiny wedding chapel in Houston McBride. Was 26. And the -- -- was 89. Anna Nicole Smith was really put in the hot seat after ']