['views on YouTube. The happy couple say they are taking some time to get their salon up and running before picking a  wedding date , but are hoping to choose a weekend in either March or April of 2014. Tune in for more hilarious viral moments every ', 'nervous as I thought I\'d be," he said. "I had him as my little wing man. He helped calm my nerves. I was only nervous he\'d be a little scared, but he got comfortable with us so fast." The happy couple has not yet set a  wedding date .', "who had a huge congratulatory cake and champagne waiting to toast them. Leisle said they haven't picked an exact  wedding date  yet, but they think it will happen within the next year.", 'congratulations," "GMA" news anchor Josh Elliott told the newly engaged couple. No concrete plans have been made for a  wedding date . "I\'m going to finish school first," Forbes said.', 'wedding of her dreams, nearly seven months before the  wedding date  they had originally set. "I just can\'t even handle Cassata proposed last July, the couple decided on a  wedding date  of Nov. 2, 2014, and McCarthy found her dream wedding ', 'think that\'s what threw me off even more. I was like, \'Oh, my God, this guy is crazy,\'" she said. The two, who both work in the social work field, haven\'t set a  wedding date  but Hernandez said she hopes it will be next summer.', 'them had been constantly thinking of the other for more than a decade. They got back together six months ago. The  wedding date  has been set for July 5 and the couple is hoping it is relatively uneventful. "More according to plan would be nice ', "but it was somebody's wedding ring. I could see it was engraved on the inside of the ring with the initials and the  wedding date . I noticed the initials on the ring coincide with the original owners of this place. But the problem was these people ", 'Registries are everywhere and have everything on there and allow people to choose things of all prices." "I listed their  wedding date  as Christmas Day and had fun with it," she said. "I went to the top sellers, within a reasonable price point ', 'three weeks to line up all the vendors. She even worked with Long to arrange for the couple to keep their original  wedding date , March 17. The celebration will now be held at Heathman Lodge. "We actually got what her date was, and kept her ', 'ring was burning a hole in my pocket. They stopped the ride about four or five times. It was like 20 minutes before the people with the signs passed." All\'s well that ends well, and the happy couple has a  wedding date  set for Dec. 14.', 'Trawick, 40, was interviewed by ELLE alongside Spears and spilled the beans on how the two, who have yet to set a  wedding date , first met. "It was kind of one of those things where she moved, like, turned around, so we were face-to-face ', "wire transferred $165,000 to Lund's Bank of America account. The complaint states that in April 2012, as his  wedding date  approached, Valentine attempted to make contact with Petty's production manager, Chris Adamson, through an email ", "him to see me as the person that he met, this gorgeous girl. Almost there, a few more seconds on this one. So the  wedding date  gets closer do you have to crack the whip harder? It's the opposite. As the wedding gets closer they are more motivated ", "girl. Almost there, a few more seconds on this one. So the wedding date gets closer do you have to crack the whip harder? It's the opposite. As the wedding gets closer they are more motivated ", '"Bachelor" star reveals how he and his fiance have spent their time since their engagement.', "at other. So there certainly had died and Patricia parents despite a 60% chance of rain it. Was a picture perfect  wedding date  for newlyweds frank and fearing that is until they sent. 29 people in the Georgia's Lake Lanier when the dot beneath ", "parents despite a 60% chance of rain it. Was a picture perfect wedding date for newlyweds frank and -- fearing that is until they sent. 29 people in the Georgia's Lake Lanier when the dot beneath ", "can't conjure up and take a look at other. So there certainly I Patricia parents despite a 60%. Was a picture perfect  wedding date  for newlyweds frank and and that is until this happened. 29 people Georgia's Lake Lanier when the dot beneath them ", "-- I -- Patricia parents despite a 60%. Was a picture perfect wedding date for newlyweds frank and -- -- and that is until this happened. 29 people -- Georgia's Lake Lanier when the dot beneath ", 'Rob Shuter from Popeater.com talks about reality stars and other Hollywood buzz.', "nice taste and a nice finish. Also coming a line of organic white and red wines. A quick follow-up. Is there a  wedding date  scheduled? No. We still don't know? Thank you. You're welcome. And your invitation is in the mail. For sure ", "of organic white and red wines. A quick follow-up. Is there a wedding date scheduled? No. We still don't know? Thank you. You're welcome. And your invitation is in the mail. For sure. So, we haven't "]