['Expert witness Robert Pennock from Michigan State University enters federal court in Harrisburg, Pa., Wednesday.', "Robert T. Pennock, a professor of science and philosophy at Michigan State University, testified on behalf of families who sued the Dover Area School District. He said supporters of intelligent design don't offer evidence to support their idea.", '"As scientists go about their business, they follow a method," Pennock said. "Intelligent design wants to reject that and so it doesn\'t really fall within the purview of science."', 'Pennock said intelligent design does not belong in a science class, but added that it could possibly be addressed in other types of courses.', 'In October 2004, the Dover school board voted 6-3 to require administrators to read a brief statement about intelligent design to students before science classes on evolution. The statement says Darwin\'s theory is "not a fact" and has inexplicable "gaps," and refers students to an intelligent-design textbook for more information.', "Eight families are trying to have intelligent design removed from the curriculum, arguing that it violates the constitutional separation of church and state. They say it promotes the Bible's view of creation.", "Proponents of intelligent design argue that life on Earth was the product of an unidentified intelligent force, and that Charles Darwin's theory of natural selection cannot fully explain the origin of life or the emergence of highly complex life forms.", 'Meanwhile, a lawyer for two newspaper reporters said Wednesday the presiding judge has agreed to limit questioning of the reporters, averting a legal showdown over having them testify in the case.', 'Both reporters wrote stories that said board members mentioned creationism as they discussed the intelligent design issue. Board members have denied that.', 'The reporters were subpoenaed but declined to give depositions Tuesday, citing their First Amendment rights. A lawyer for the school board had said he planned to seek contempt citations against the two.', '   Copyright 2005 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. ']