['Part 2: Before walking down the aisle, three brides find out who wins the bridal boot camp challenge', "but with the loss of 21. Title. It's. It's excellent. is now ready to collect her eyes. sexy photo of the perfect  wedding gift  for the group. But the real motive later of course was always This down. This perfect moment. wedding day is finally here ", 'now ready to collect her eyes. -- sexy photo of the perfect wedding gift for the group. But the real motive later of course was always -- This down. This perfect moment. -- wedding day is ', "It started out as one. My friends said my husband and I wanted a llama. When we got married, he gave me dakota as a  wedding gift . Reporter: You're the guy that started all this? Well, it's true. I gave my wife her first llama as a wedding present ", "a llama. When we got married, he gave me dakota as a wedding gift . Reporter: You're the guy that started all this? Well, it's true. I gave my wife her first llama as a wedding present. ", "monogram. Hey. George isn't here today. Exactly. Normally $88. Slashed in half. 44 bucks. Makes a really beautiful  wedding gift . Yep. Beautiful for the bridal party. Absolutely. And last but not least, we got a lot of oohs and awes for this. This ", 'Exactly. Normally $88. Slashed in half. 44 bucks. Makes a really beautiful wedding gift . Yep. Beautiful for the bridal party. Absolutely. And last but not least, we got a lot of oohs and awes for this. ', "right Kelli Grant worked out of time but I appreciate thanks so much for joining us thank you you can get more of the skates guide to  wedding gifts  from Kelly's deal. Deal of the actually it's a blog at smart money dot com Gary good stuff.", "thank you you can get more of the -- skates guide to wedding gifts from Kelly's deal. Deal of the -- actually it's a blog at smart money dot com Gary good stuff. ", "that's up $200 in one year. You can blame it on the rising cost of airfare and splurging on more expensive outfits and  wedding gifts . And a big honor for malala yus af za, the young woman to stood up for girls who just want an education. She was shot ", 'the rising cost of airfare and splurging on more expensive outfits and wedding gifts . And a big honor for malala yus af za, the young woman to stood up for girls who just want an education. ', "called butterscotch blankirk es. Josh, I have yours coming. You get your initials on them. You get it as baby gift, a  wedding gift , a baby gift. An amazing baby gift. I am a big baby. Yes, you are. We'll see that in your office on the couch. Normally ", "get your initials on them. You get it as baby gift, a wedding gift , a baby gift. An amazing baby gift. I am a big baby. Yes, you are. We'll see that in your office on ", "title but for Prince William the man who would be king he'd get. Well it's something money can't Call it Kate's  wedding gift  to William along with a radiant bride the twenty year old the one thing. Not even his royal heritage could ensure. A normal ", "-- he'd get. Well it's something money can't -- Call it Kate's wedding gift to William along with a radiant bride the twenty year old -- -- -- -- the one thing. Not even his royal ", 'And according to "life & style" magazine, timberlake was celebrating at a prewedding dinner. They probably brought a  wedding gift  in a box. I think it\'s going to be robello, italy. A stunning town off the coast. Good for them. Can\'t wait to see ', "magazine, timberlake was celebrating at a prewedding dinner. They probably brought a wedding gift in a box. I think it's going to be robello, italy. A stunning town off the coast. Good for them. Can't wait ", "The  wedding gifts  may have included his and hers towels but that's like wielding paint we'll need an extra sex is. Because little brother Harry ", "The wedding gifts may have included his and hers towels but that's like wielding paint we'll need an extra sex -- is. Because little brother ", 'Britney Spears might get a very special  wedding gift  from her father in the form of financial freedom she lost control in 2007. When things settle toxic in her life. For data that ', 'Britney Spears might get a very special wedding gift from her father in the form of financial freedom she lost control in 2007. When things settle toxic in her life. For ', "think wedding present worthy of the future king and queen don't bother the couple requests charity donations in lieu of  wedding gifts . But there are many. For example what title will be of course what kind of directs you'll choose to Wear on the most ", "and queen don't bother the couple requests charity donations in lieu of wedding gifts . But there are many. For example what -- title will be -- of course -- what kind of directs you'll choose to ", "died. very very good cause of course now we hear that the royal couple wants people to donate to charity in lieu of sending  wedding gifts . And there is one in particular that's close to Kate's heart it's an anti. Bullying charity with what is she like ", "royal couple wants people to donate to charity in lieu of sending wedding gifts . And there is one in particular that's close to Kate's heart it's an anti. Bullying charity with what is she like this ", "Gates will be spending hers a swanky bar in London and wills that Clarence House organized by his brother Harry. What about  wedding gifts  I hear you Ross well if you're thinking of setting a World Cup world a or perhaps a nice set of towels Breaking with tradition ", "and wills that Clarence House organized by his brother Harry. What about wedding gifts I hear you Ross well if you're thinking of setting a World Cup world a -- or perhaps a nice set of ", "It's near some of the couple's favorite night's And we know that Kate Middleton shopping Kensington. They do wolf  wedding gifts  and toaster his and hers bath robes they won't take guests to give to charity. In the fall mouth the causes occurrence ", "we know that Kate Middleton -- shopping Kensington. They do wolf -- wedding gifts and toaster -- -- his and hers bath robes they won't take guests to give to charity. In the fall mouth the ", "groom they truly. The VIPs that the people that will be coming in attending. need to tell us about. Having to around the  wedding gifts  because of security in that. What's involved. Well I think you know whenever of course you know that this is a different ", "attending. -- need to tell us about. Having to -- around the wedding gifts because of security in that. What's involved. Well I think you know whenever of course you know that this is a different ", "on the altar always made me think of like garage sale. Keep up looking this all this gold step people are selling their  wedding gifts  when they get a divorce. I always felt like it was in a thrift shops that wasn't the sort of manages to me. It was much ", "looking this all this gold step -- -- people are selling their wedding gifts when they get a divorce. I always felt like it was in a thrift shops that wasn't the sort of manages to ", "knees. Lay's family was supposed to be celebrating her wedding today on Long Island. Outside the home of her fiance.  Wedding gifts  wait at the doorstep and that nearby they hope for the best practices and he's OK I'm just hoping she's bouncing ", "her wedding today on Long Island. Outside the home of her fiance. Wedding gifts wait at the doorstep and that nearby -- they hope for the best practices and he's OK I'm just hoping she's bouncing. ", "think one of the vehicle does manage to take over that and episode and decided tight excitement I think that's true. Took  wedding gift  for. There you all right. But I'm still deciding what to it's something special pales major worry for the big day how ", "episode and decided tight -- excitement I think that's true. Took -- wedding gift for. There you all right. -- -- -- But I'm still deciding what to -- -- it's something special pales major worry ", "wedding day which begs the question just wonderful Kate Middleton like. Traditionally Queen Elizabeth the Second solidified TI  wedding gift . And with the largest selection of your eyes of the world for famously dubbed the there's quite a choice then. They are ", "-- like. Traditionally Queen Elizabeth the Second -- solidified TI -- -- wedding gift . And with the largest selection of your eyes of the world for -- famously dubbed the -- -- there's quite a choice "]