["but New Year's is a day for us because. We met on New Year's we got engaged on them here as we had our our our  wedding party  on New Year's I feel like we will do it again. You love birds. I know I know once might have been enough it was ", "we got engaged on them here as we had our our our wedding party on New Year's I feel like we will do it again. -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- You love birds. ", "turned into surprise flash mob wedding dance. Carly Jetsons calming me. With a Jesse Draper and her groom Bryant their  wedding party  along with 100. Of their 400 guests. has that 2012 at planet's problems. Choreographed media to select guest three ", "-- Jesse Draper and her groom Bryant -- -- -- -- their wedding party along with 100. Of their 400 guests. -- has that -- 2012 at -- planet's problems. Choreographed media to select guest three ", "hurt. This is what the couple went through. Magical that the rain held off. And it didn't matter. The entire  wedding party  flips 90 degrees and just dumps all in the lake. The reason for concern at first then as soon as we got -- made sure ", "Magical that the rain held off. And it didn't matter. The entire wedding party flips 90 degrees and just dumps all in the lake. The reason for concern at first then as soon as we got ", 'rushed to the hospital. Investigators say this happens more than you think. Posing for the prom. Last month, this  wedding party  tumbling into a lake. How to spot the warning signs on your own deck. Look for cracked and rotted woods. Decked ', 'happens more than you think. Posing for the prom. Last month, this wedding party tumbling into a lake. How to spot the warning signs on your own deck. Look for cracked and rotted woods. Decked poorly ', "expensive pillowcase. These dresses can cost more than $300. And that doesn't include the cost of engagement party,  wedding party , or shower and gifts. I spent over $10,000. Reporter: Christy may have a lighter wallet and cramped closet full ", "more than $300. And that doesn't include the cost of engagement party, wedding party , or shower and gifts. I spent over $10,000. Reporter: Christy may have a lighter wallet and cramped closet full of dresses she'll ", "Lake Lanier when the dot beneath them collapsed as the  wedding party  was taking wedding photos. It seemed magical rain held off. And it didn't matter the entire  wedding party . ninety degrees and just almost all of us. English ", "the Georgia's Lake Lanier when the dot beneath them collapsed as the wedding party was taking wedding photos. It seemed magical -- -- rain held off. And it didn't matter -- the entire wedding party . -- ninety degrees and just almost all of us. English one bridesmaids suffered a fractured humorous and a dislocated shoulder while others ", "Lake Lanier when the dot beneath them collapsed as the  wedding party  was taking wedding photos. It seemed magical that the rain held off. And it didn't matter the entire  wedding party . Lists ninety degrees and just almost all of us. English ", "-- Georgia's Lake Lanier when the dot beneath them collapsed as the wedding party was taking wedding photos. It seemed magical that the rain held off. And it didn't matter the entire wedding party . Lists ninety degrees and just almost all of us. English one bridesmaids suffered a fractured humorous and a dislocated shoulder while others ", 'Apparently he met the groom the night before the wedding and next day surprised the couple posing for pictures with the  wedding party . No word yet on if he hit the reception and showed him some of his signature dance moves. That would have been something ', 'wedding and next day surprised the couple posing for pictures with the wedding party . No word yet on if he hit the reception and showed him some of his signature dance moves. That would have been ', "member of that yeah dialogue that's. So. Last week when we saw this wedding photo we had to it showed the entire  wedding party  running in fear. It wasn't an angry that is one. Wonderful work zone now fresh back from their honeymoon joining ", "wedding photo we had to -- -- -- it showed the entire wedding party running in fear. It wasn't an angry that is one. Wonderful work zone now fresh back from their honeymoon -- joining us ", "had I don't got bombs remember that among So. Last week when we saw this wedding photo we had showed the entire  wedding party  running in fear. And what angry that one. Wonderful work zone now fresh back from their honeymoon in joining us live ", 'we saw this wedding photo we had -- -- showed the entire wedding party running in fear. And what -- angry that one. Wonderful work zone now fresh back from their honeymoon in joining us live ', "bar in georgia on the eve of their wedding and the next day, turned up for the nuptials. Even posing with the whole  wedding party . The dress code loosened a little bit for the surprise guest. And a birthday girl who reminds us there ain't no ", "next day, turned up for the nuptials. Even posing with the whole wedding party . The dress code loosened a little bit for the surprise guest. And a birthday girl who reminds us there ain't no mountain ", "it's the room with a total. Once again our hidden cameras on world. Yeah yeah. Thank you it's. Bad loans as The  wedding party  may be around the corner but Dan is having some serious second we'll dodge thinks she knows the real mountain. Yeah ", "-- -- Yeah yeah. Thank you it's. Bad loans as -- The wedding party may be around the corner but Dan is having some serious second -- -- -- we'll -- -- dodge thinks she knows ", "play the day than anything else I'm not he's got. Well I don't go. I'm glad to see Lake Michigan take a look  wedding party  of Perez. Megan Malvern and many on the right after it's done before the play. Did get married a couple of hours ", "go. I'm glad to see -- -- Lake Michigan take a look wedding party of Perez. Megan Malvern and many on the right after -- -- it's done before the -- play. -- -- -- -- ", "An Orthodox Jewish  wedding party  follows Mitt Romney's motorcade in New Jersey.", "fear. The couple and eleven others including their  wedding party  in the balloons operator bracing for a crash Karen and backyard. There's another crash landing a member of the  wedding party  reported the crash on her cell phone the newlyweds had ", "romance quickly turned to fear. The couple and eleven others including their wedding party in the balloons operator bracing for a crash -- -- Karen and Jonathan -- he's had just exchanged their wedding bells thousands of feet in the air. -- -- amazing we ask you for your -- and now they were on their sides stranded in a stranger's backyard. There's another crash landing -- a member of the wedding party reported the crash on her cell phone the newlyweds had no idea what was happening. -- troubled times he tried to land ", "play the day than anything else I'm not he's got. Well I don't go. I'm glad to see Lake Michigan take a look  wedding party  of Perez. Megan Malvern and many on the right after it's done before the play. Did get married a couple of hours ", "go. I'm glad to see -- -- Lake Michigan take a look wedding party of Perez. Megan Malvern and many on the right after -- -- it's done before the -- play. -- -- -- -- ", 'way to put this. A bride and a groom, literally taking the plunge. Here they are. On their big day, with their  wedding party , posing for that perfect photo, but apparently the little wooden dock, just not strong enough for all 29 people ', 'taking the plunge. Here they are. On their big day, with their wedding party , posing for that perfect photo, but apparently the little wooden dock, just not strong enough for all 29 people. They say they ', 'Allan and Emily Wood exchanged vows before leaping 13,000 feet with their  wedding party .', "It's not every day see the future king and queen of England tied the knot. So if you're not one of the lucky few to get invited to the royal wedding why not post your own party to celebrate this very special royal occasion. well as lifestyle editor at the dot com. And she's here with some tips on"]