["why it shouldn't be delayed until after the rings are slipped on your fingers and the limousine is racing to the  wedding reception  or the airport. The sooner both of you discuss your personal financial preferences , credit standings, individual ", 'daughters-in-law and son and a daughter. Nonetheless, we loved her and embraced her." Gretchen Hamm hosted a  wedding reception  for the couple in Dallas among friends for whom the concept of gay marriage was "totally new." "They were so ', 'up signed, embossed certificates recognizing their marriage. A room at city hall was turned into a large joint  wedding reception , where newly married couples, family and friends celebrated with colorful cupcakes and pictures. The weddings ', "Staten Island Hotel Owner Gives Away NYC Marathon Runners' Rooms to Sandy Victims", 'made months in advance and, instead, gave the rooms to storm refugees. His hotel even hosted a local resident\'s  wedding reception . "These are my neighbors," Nicotra said. "Am I going to kick out my neighbors who lost everything, who have ', "Just because the  wedding reception  is over doesn't mean the dancing has to stop. Or at least that's what this happy couple thinks. For 18 days, newlyweds Larry ", "Sofka's lawyer, Fortunato Perri Jr., when Sofka arrived at the Sheraton Society Hill hotel from his brother's  wedding reception  with family and friends, the melee involving a separate wedding party held at the Sheraton Society Hill was already ", "tears while still wearing her wedding dress. Friends of the Sannuti family told ABC News station WPVI-TV that the  wedding reception  had been held elsewhere, but guests were staying at the Sheraton Society Hill. That's where they crossed paths ", '1 Man Dead of a Heart Attack, 3 Arrested After Hotel Wedding Brawl in City of Brotherly Love', 'with my camera," said Schultz. Schultz\'s video is now evidence, and police continue to review it to determine if additional people will face charges for their actions at this  wedding reception  that unexpectedly became a real bash.', 'Roof Deck Bar can resemble a Vanderbilt frat party, as sports play on TVs, Brown Eyed Girl blares from a nearby  wedding reception , and Southern drawls rise in decibel level (a large percentage of homeowners and visitors come from below the Mason-Dixon ', 'Roof Deck Bar can resemble a Vanderbilt frat party, as sports play on TVs, Brown Eyed Girl blares from a nearby  wedding reception , and Southern drawls rise in decibel level (a large percentage of homeowners and visitors come from below the Mason-Dixon ', 'Chad Ochocinco dances with wife Evelyn Lozada, center, and an unidentified guest during his  wedding reception  at Le Chateau des Palmiers in St. Maarten, Netherlands Antillies, in this July 4, 2012 photo.(Credit: Mike Colon/LO ', 'concerned over what would happen on their wedding night. Lolly said she even became physically ill during the  wedding reception . "Some of them were confused because they were like, \'did you go into this thinking you were just going to have ', 'Utah couple tosses bouquet and garter from human slingshot at  wedding reception .', "Justin Bieber Hears His Song 'One Less Lonely Girl' Playing, Crashes Wedding Reception ", "Selena Gomez taken a moonlit stroll along the beach in Malibu they hear one of his hits. Blasting from the nearby  wedding reception  and something like this. Plus less lonely girl and all the sudden there's one less lonely wedding. Here's ABC's ", "in Malibu they hear one of his hits. Blasting from the nearby wedding reception and -- something like this. Plus less lonely girl and all the sudden there's one less lonely wedding. Here's ABC's Neal Karlinsky. ", 'this is likely one of them. A huge brawl during a  wedding reception  involving according to police estimates anywhere people will face charges for involvement in this  wedding reception  that unexpectedly became a real bash. The commissioner ', 'wedding this is likely one of them. A huge brawl during a wedding reception involving according to police estimates anywhere from 75 to 100 people. A fiasco that lasted 20 minutes and ended with one person ', 'to determine if additional people will face charges for involvement in this wedding reception that unexpectedly became a real bash. The commissioner has viewed the cell phone video, along with surveillance video at the hotel. And ', "before being arrested and thrown into jail. According to his lawyer, sofka has just returned from his brother's  wedding reception . He and his family got to the hotel, they say the melee involving guests from a separate wedding was already under ", "jail. According to his lawyer, sofka has just returned from his brother's wedding reception . He and his family got to the hotel, they say the melee involving guests from a separate wedding was already under way. ", 'on videos to have a really great time somebody gave good suggested this morning. That I should save that for her  wedding reception  one day and then play that for everybody. history and so did Carrino. We do have a very high profile role in this ', '-- good suggested this morning. That I should save that for her wedding reception one day and then play that for everybody. -- -- history and so did Carrino. We do have a very high profile ', 'understated on videos to have a really great time somebody gave me good this morning. That I should save that for her  wedding reception  one day and then play that for everybody. Yes he made history and so did do have a very high profile role in this ', 'me good -- this morning. That I should save that for her wedding reception one day and then play that for everybody. Yes he made history and so did -- -- do have a very high ', "Brittany and her new has been out of what she says well the highest came to this home. Where she was having her  wedding reception  and at least a pit bull attendance that didn't have. He punched in the face and had good craftsman homes she is ", "-- the highest came to this home. Where she was having her wedding reception and at least a pit bull -- -- -- attendance that didn't have. He punched in the face and -- had good "]