['reveals tricks of the trade for not getting gouged, saving money and staying calm. The hour also explores the latest  wedding trends  from "Groomzillas" to couples kissing for the very first time when saying "I Do". Also, with Valentine\'s Day ', 'story HERE. 12:12 p.m. ET : Move over Kate Middleton, the first lady of Facebook appears to be taking over  wedding trends  this season. Credit: ABC News Priscilla Chan walked down the aisle Saturday, just one day after Facebook filed ', 'Priscilla Chan knew the man she was marrying would soon be worth billions of dollars but when it came to planning her dream day the now Mrs. Mark Zuckerberg took a decidedly low-key approach. For one, Chan, a 27-year-old Massachusetts native who has dated the...', "and themes that reflect the couple's lives. Here's how she broke down what's hot for fall: White-Hot Fall  Wedding Trends  The Bridesmaids The trend: Short dresses in rich colors. Amethyst and teal are hot this season. Dress shown: Lela ", 'Brides magazine is celebrating its 75th anniversary this month and looking back at nearly eight decades of bridal fashion. With the help of the magazine\'s editor in chief, Millie Martini Bratten, "Good Morning America" looked at trends from other decades that are reappearing on brides of the 21st', "WeddingChannel.com breaks down the latest  wedding trends : Good Morning America's partner series, breaks down the latest  wedding trends . Shelley Lewis Waln, president check out Waln's rundown of  wedding trends . --> Mix and Match: For example ", "Brides magazine's Millie Martini Bratten has the top  wedding trends  this fall.", 'Some brides deciding to endure feeding tubes in order to fit into smaller gowns.', 'Andrea Canning speaks with women whose husbands played a major role in nuptials.', "looking inexpensive hotel now just write down a blanket and hate hate snake freak accident it's one on the hottest  wedding trends  are And decisions for the word at an all time high and not his stated it's a sign of the times couples are looking ", "and -- hate hate snake freak accident it's one on the hottest wedding trends are -- And decisions for the word -- -- at an all time high and not his stated it's a sign of "]