['VIDEO: Passengers on a flight from Hong Kong  subdued a man as he reached for something in his jacket.', 'VIDEO: Passengers on a flight from  Hong Kong  subdued a man as he reached for something in his jacket.', 'PHOTO: Airline passengers arriving from Hong Kong  walk from the international arrivals area at Newark Liberty Airport, June 17, 2013, in Newark, N.J.', 'PHOTO: Airline passengers arriving from  Hong Kong  walk from the international arrivals area at Newark Liberty Airport, June 17, 2013, in Newark, N.J.', 'PHOTO: Photos of Edward Snowden, a contractor at the National Security Agency (NSA), and U.S. President Barack Obama are printed on the front pages of local English and Chinese newspapers in Hong ...', 'PHOTO: Photos of Edward Snowden, a contractor at the National Security Agency (NSA), and U.S. President Barack Obama are printed on the front pages of local English and Chinese newspapers in  Hong Kong  in this illustration photo June 11, 2013.', 'PHOTO: A supporter holds a picture of Edward Snowden, a former CIA employee who leaked top-secret information about U.S. surveillance programs, outside the U.S. Consulate General in Hong Kong  on June ...', 'PHOTO: A supporter holds a picture of Edward Snowden, a former CIA employee who leaked top-secret information about U.S. surveillance programs, outside the U.S. Consulate General in  Hong Kong  on June 13, 2013.', 'PHOTO: The picture of Edward Snowden, a former CIA employee who leaked top-secret documents about sweeping U.S. surveillance programs, is displayed on the front page of South China  Morning Post at a ...', 'PHOTO: The picture of Edward Snowden, a former CIA employee who leaked top-secret documents about sweeping U.S. surveillance programs, is displayed on the front page of South  China  Morning Post at a news stand in  Hong Kong  on June 13, 2013.', 'PHOTO: George Stephanopoulos interviews House Speaker John Boehner, left, R-Ohio, in New York, June 10, 2013. Edward Snowden, who worked as a contract employee at the National Security Agency, is ...', 'PHOTO: George Stephanopoulos interviews House Speaker John Boehner, left, R-Ohio, in New York, June 10, 2013. Edward Snowden, who worked as a contract employee at the National Security Agency, is shown, June 9, 2013, in  Hong Kong .', 'PHOTO: Edward Snowden, who worked as a contract employee at the National Security Agency, is shown, June 9, 2013, in Hong Kong .', 'PHOTO: Edward Snowden, who worked as a contract employee at the National Security Agency, is shown, June 9, 2013, in  Hong Kong .', 'PHOTO: British actress Kate Winslet and boyfriend Ned Rocknroll arrive a the awards presentations of The Longines Hong Kong  Cup horse race at the Shatin race track in Hong Kong , in this Dec. 9, 2012 ...', 'PHOTO: British actress Kate Winslet and boyfriend Ned Rocknroll arrive a the awards presentations of The Longines  Hong Kong  Cup horse race at the Shatin race track in  Hong Kong , in this Dec. 9, 2012 photo.']