['A woman dressed as a unicorn watches the sun rise, as druids, pagans and revelers take part in a  winter solstice  ceremony at Stonehenge, Dec. 21, 2012 in Wiltshire, England. Predictions that the world will end today as it marks the end ', '2012, NASA posted a message on its website, debunking fears related to comets and the ancient Mayan calendar. "Dec. 21, 2012, won\'t be the end of the world as we know, however, it will be another  winter solstice ," NASA wrote.', 'Today in Pictures; Pakistan Bombing, Summer/Winter Solstice , Heat Waves, and a Horse', 'Lucas Olivo, 6, of Cheverly, Md., opens his mouth wide while running through a wall of water at Yards Park in Washington, June 21, 2012. Heat index values are expected to exceed 100 degrees across the northeast Thursday, according to the National Weather Service. (Jacquelyn...', 'Chicago and New York, for instance, get more than 15 hours of sunlight today, compared with 9.1 hours on the  winter solstice  Dec. 21. And everything north of the Arctic Circle will get 24 hours of daylight today -- compared with round-the-clock ', 'Feb. 4, 2012 in Huddersfield, England. Imbolc is a pagan festival that marks the half-way point between the  winter solstice  and the spring equinox. (Bethany Clarke/Getty Images) Members of the international organization "Animanaturalis ', 'If the early evening gloom is getting to you, take comfort that the days are about to start getting longer. The  winter solstice  -- which marks the beginning of winter and the shortest day of the year in the Northern Hemisphere -- comes tonight ', "Tabasco and Campeche. All of Mexico usually lures about 22 million foreigners in a year. It's selling the date, the  Winter Solstice  in the coming year, as a time of renewal. Many archeologists argue that the 2012 reference on a 1,300-year-old ", 'the baby Jesus to be removed, or for a sign to be put up next to his crib that would read : "At this season of the  winter solstice  may reason prevail. There are no gods, no devils, no angels, no heaven or hell. There is only our natural world ', 'significant to certain New Age groups is because 2012 is believed to be a year "transformation," Hoopes said. "The  winter solstice  next year is the end of a 5,126 cycle on the Mayan calendar, and for that reason it has gotten a lot of attention ', 'The hottest days are weeks later, on the average," Ciupik said. "The same thing is true in the winter. The  winter solstice  is Dec. 21; weeks later you get the coldest days." Local conditions can cause exceptions to this general rule ', 'total lunar eclipse to fall on a  winter solstice  in 372 years. The last time a lunar eclipse corresponded with a  winter solstice , or the annual day when the 22, 1945, the day after a  winter solstice  and three days after a lunar ', "first lunar eclipse to fall on the same day as the  winter solstice  in 372 years. A lunar eclipse takes place when the year's only lunar eclipse actually coincides with the  winter solstice , meaning that the moon will appear high in the night ", "Earth's shadow -- will last approximately 72 minutes. This year's only lunar eclipse actually coincides with the  winter solstice , meaning that the moon will appear high in the night sky, aiding visibility for revelers. There will be two total ", "I'll see if it was a total eclipse of the moon last night the turned from bright silver to red its would be blocking the sun's rays. And that comes from indirect sunlight breaking through to give that's beautiful While it lasts about 72 minutes that's about the amount of time until it sleeps I'm", 'necessary. A bemused Ellison has responded by noting he is an African American and not an immigrant. Also rising today  winter solstice  some choose to look at the shortest day of the year which is today in a negative light. We chose to look at the bright ', 'he is an African American and not an immigrant. Also rising today winter solstice some choose to look at the shortest day of the year which is today in a negative light. We chose to look ', 'out to be. The mayans believed TIME ITSELF BEGAN AUGUST 11th, 3114 b.C. Their long count calendar ends on the  winter solstice  this YEAR, DECEMBER 21st, 2012. Ancient prophecy meets modern anxieties. So, this is it, huh? These backyard ', 'BEGAN AUGUST 11th, 3114 b.C. Their long count calendar ends on the winter solstice this YEAR, DECEMBER 21st, 2012. Ancient prophecy meets modern anxieties. So, this is it, huh? These backyard bankers cost $100,000 installed. How ', 'doomsday will come exactly one year. From tonight  winter solstice . 2012. What seems to call for a command performance on or about. August 11 3014. BC. And and on the  winter solstice  2012 December 21 to 2012 is the last day of this calendar ', "-- still say that doomsday will come exactly one year. From tonight winter solstice . 2012. What seems to call for a command performance for our search. Of the apocalypse we're told but ABC's David Wright. What ", 'on or about. August 11 3014. BC. And -- and on the winter solstice 2012 December 21 to 2012 is the last day of this calendar called the long count. And this long count -- was ', 'origins. Evergreen has been a symbol of rebirth since long before Jesus when greenery in the house at the time of the  winter solstice . The shortest day of the year was a symbol of life. The first Christmas tree appeared in Germany in the sixteenth ', 'before Jesus when greenery in the house at the time of the winter solstice . The shortest day of the year was a symbol of life. The first Christmas tree appeared in Germany in the sixteenth century. ', "holiday decoration it frightens the holidays but it's not in your face threatening greener it's it's a very  winter solstice  and how big is it. It's email that size you could set it on the floor Until a couple of our fact all right let's ", "in your face threatening greener -- -- -- it's it's a very winter solstice and how big is it. It's email that size you could set it on the floor -- -- Until a couple of "]