['Chicago woman loses her  wedding ring  but then a good samaritan 600 miles away helps to give it back. The ring was accidentally shipped by UPS to Arkansas. After it ', 'Chicago woman loses her wedding ring but then a good samaritan 600 miles away helps to give it back. The ring was accidentally shipped by UPS to Arkansas. ', 'Behind it is on in Southern California. Bring missing  wedding ring  and it really is summer and take out to a friend that sent to be worth 23 Powell is in dollars. cloudier headed in the jewelry ', 'Behind it is on in Southern California. Bring missing wedding ring and it really is summer and take out to a friend that sent to be worth 23 Powell is in dollars. -- ', "accidentally sells his wife's diamond  wedding ring  at a garage sale. Just when they thought about to give birth, took off her  wedding ring  for safekeeping. When you're pregnant sold it. You sold the box? Why? My  wedding ring  was inside the box. Reporter: After ", "One man's $23,000 mistake. A husband accidentally sells his wife's diamond wedding ring at a garage sale. Just when they thought they'd never see it again, an early father's day gift was theirs. Allow myself to throw to myself. It's the reunion 12 long days in the making. I can't wait any longer. Reporter: That raquel and eric didn't think would co it started when raquel, about to give birth, took off her wedding ring for safekeeping. When you're pregnant, your fingers start to swell. I thought it would be a good idea to take it off. ", "gone. He's like, I sold it. You sold the box? Why? My wedding ring was inside the box. Reporter: After a desperate plea to the media, she began to lose hope. There's moments where I was ", "where he accepted a caution f assault. Meantime, lawson has not been seen since friday, when she was photographed out her  wedding ring . Her reps tell abc news, nigella isn't giving interviews. And that isn't due to change. Nigella is doing the smartest ", "has not been seen since friday, when she was photographed out her wedding ring . Her reps tell abc news, nigella isn't giving interviews. And that isn't due to change. Nigella is doing the smartest thing, which ", 'the old one back then a Miata. That is a fair question and that is the you know on the flip side is known for its fine jewelry gold diamond. Peter you know I lost my  wedding ring  get about it. It is our engineers and when I have picked up.', 'for its fine jewelry gold diamond. Peter you know I lost my wedding ring -- get -- about it. It is our engineers and when I have picked up. ', "miraculously making a big fine this time. A man's lost  wedding ring  but now comes the hard part finding the owner of said raying Thought it was tires but in doing so he lost his platinum  wedding ring  with the barely visible inscription Lisa 5 June 2010. News ", "good samaritan miraculously making a big fine this time. A man's lost wedding ring but now comes the hard part finding the owner of said raying. He's hoping that one -- you can help the -- take a look. Heading to Lake Tahoe on a -- interstate eighty near king bail California. But driver stopped clamps no change. Thought it was tires but in doing so he lost his platinum wedding ring with the barely visible inscription Lisa 5 June 2010. News installing these -- Gloves on tailback -- mineralized Bruins -- off. That's ", 'Like first sighting. The television show Entertainment Tonight is in what is set to be the first pictures of Sandra Bullock without her  wedding ring . Fiasco it was hiking in northern California.', 'is set to be the first pictures of Sandra Bullock without her wedding ring . Fiasco -- it was hiking in northern California. ', "Oh if only rings could talk because what a story they might tell the rings engagement ring and a wedding band. Left as an anonymous donation at a hospital chapel in Connecticut left with a note. To use the money from the to help cancer patients a donation mystery. Here's Joseph Torre. Marked only", "On the morning attorneys and staffers for action council we're checking and double check in the petitions. Hoping to have enough to get the Arkansas adoption and Foster care act to the voters. What does this initiative mean. First it applies only to those adults who have a Whether heterosexual or", "the relationships. That is there action also wearing his  wedding ring  so was sent a message being sent out here. It's really this is gonna get really juicy they're still wearing that  wedding rings . They stopped following He took the wrong twits. For a ", "going on about the relationships. That is there action also wearing his wedding ring so was sent a message being sent out here. It's really tricky this story unfortunately it was on the cover of Star Magazine last week and they had a law could post a week. What that means in celebrity weekly magazines is the story is not getting anywhere that. Now a British newspaper. Has found delayed me young lady that claimed she spent the night with Washington. And three of appeals in our hearts. So this is gonna get really juicy they're still wearing that wedding rings . They stopped following He took the wrong twits. For a little bit now -- that -- side -- put it crashed in ", "she'd already recognized him with one hand toying with his  wedding ring  the way she used to do. Four days later the president came And remember how he insisted the consciously fingered their  wedding rings . About hold up my ring. Let's show everybody mayor can ", "here. -- And remember how he insisted the -- consciously fingered their wedding rings . About hold up my ring. Let's show everybody mayor -- can you do that. -- When he -- my ring off. It ", 'Sort of a man whose  wedding ring  may have saved his life. Days to Donnie register who runs antique store in Jackson Mississippi Saturday two gunmen came and demanded ', 'Sort of a man whose wedding ring may have saved his life. Days to Donnie register who runs -- antique store in Jackson Mississippi Saturday two gunmen came and ', "Donvan tells us about her husband's.  Wedding ring . Can you help find this a  wedding ring  lost on Saturday by one Kimberly Here's Aaron the navy seal had a ritual with that  wedding ring . It was his actually but since their wedding ", "the world to her. ABC's John Donvan tells us about her husband's. Wedding ring . Can you help find this a wedding ring lost on Saturday by one Kimberly -- Here's why it matters Kimberly and her husband Aaron the navy seal had a ritual with that wedding ring . It was his actually but since their wedding day whenever He went off to war. He would always leave it behind with ", 'homeless and in need of some assistance from the church. Since that first introduction the two found part time jobs and got engaged. The church community donated  wedding rings  flowers photographer and even a four day honeymoon for the couple.', 'two found part time jobs and got engaged. The church community donated wedding rings flowers -- photographer and even a four day honeymoon for the couple. ', "rumors saying it's all , moving on. Sharon was spotted moving out of her home into a new one without ozzy and without her  wedding ring . Then on monday, ozzy coming clean on his facebook page writing for the last year and a half I've been drinking and taking ", "of her home into a new one without ozzy and without her wedding ring . Then on monday, ozzy coming clean on his facebook page writing for the last year and a half I've been drinking and ", 'A  wedding ring  is often a bulletproof vest but it saved the life of the Mississippi And by here if my hand had been there. The what you know about his  wedding ring  now tinted deflected the bullet. The rent out of the store register ', 'A wedding ring is often a bulletproof vest but it saved the life of the Mississippi business sentiment. Joseph pleasant of our affiliate W eight ', 'had -- been there. The -- what -- you know about his wedding ring now tinted deflected the bullet. The -- rent out of the store register was hit in the hand and ear despite his ', "for extra cash on the weekends and when she took off her  wedding ring  and accidentally dropped it into a sewer oh she's that mud an impossible. Before starting work and removes this  wedding ring  drops it and it starts rolling toward a drain in the parking ", "for extra cash on the weekends and when she took off her wedding ring and accidentally dropped it into a sewer oh she's that was the end of the -- But not -- this is a guy who went on a mission directly into the mud -- an impossible. Before starting work and -- removes this wedding ring drops it and it starts rolling toward a drain in the parking lot. It's like in slow motion you don't think gets ", "and then there's -- when they show me a  wedding ring , it means that someone is wearing someone's wife and I were married, we used this -- as a  wedding ring . For my  wedding ring . Because that's what he, see, I wrote wedding ", "father, and then, and then there's -- when they show me a wedding ring , it means that someone is wearing someone's ring. Yeah, and I -- when my wife and I were married, we used this -- as a wedding ring . For my wedding ring . Because that's what he, see, I wrote wedding, and then i wrote father in -- Reporter: Did you tell her that? I "]