["People Magazine's Larry Hacket discusses the star's plans and the possibility of a woman in the NBA.", 'only reason I wanted this to be the live version because I wanted them to hear it. Reporter: The couple renewed their  wedding vows  every year. Last year with their babies in paris. This year, mariah went from queen to fairy tale princess, stepping ', 'because I wanted them to hear it. Reporter: The couple renewed their wedding vows every year. Last year with their babies in paris. This year, mariah went from queen to fairy tale princess, stepping out of ', "private celebration on the island of st. Lucia in front of family and some special friends. You recently renewed your  wedding vows . Yes. I had to ask did jimmy kimmel officiate? I will neither confirm nor deny that. Oh, come on. I'm -- he ", "in front of family and some special friends. You recently renewed your wedding vows . Yes. I had to ask did jimmy kimmel officiate? I will neither confirm nor deny that. Oh, come on. I'm -- he ", "of murder but what took place between those two extremes for a man. Who came to believe that revenge was awarded his  wedding vows . Right next to honor and bay. In shadow of the storms can be brutal. But it's human infuriated just the most lasting ", "for a man. Who came to believe that revenge was awarded his wedding vows . Right next to honor and -- bay. In -- shadow of the storms can be brutal. But it's human infuriated just the ", "murder. But what took place between those two extremes for a man who came to believe that revenge was a word in his  wedding vows ? Right next to honor and obey. In colorado, the storms can be brutal. But it's human fury that does the most lasting ", "man who came to believe that revenge was a word in his wedding vows ? Right next to honor and obey. In colorado, the storms can be brutal. But it's human fury that does the most lasting ", 'just hours after her apparent communion with god stood inside the chapel at the Excalibur hotel in sin city exchanging  wedding vows  for the second time. Back in Arizona news of the Las Vegas marriage was met with skepticism from sisters Shirley Paterson ', 'stood inside the chapel at the Excalibur hotel in sin city exchanging wedding vows for the second time. Back in Arizona news of the Las Vegas marriage was met with skepticism from -- sisters Shirley Paterson ', "You write each morning when he walked into room. Told himself to take a deep breath Pope focus. Thinking this is  wedding vows  mean. sickness and in health clause that's real. And alone at night he writes in the book for bargain with god ", "take a deep breath -- Pope focus. Thinking this is -- -- wedding vows mean. -- sickness and in health clause that's real. And alone at night he writes in the book -- for bargain with ", 'refuse. But Edwards Jacqueline games would only intensify. Weeks after learning his mistress his pregnant he renews his  wedding vows  with People Magazine cameras capturing it all. But reporters from The National Enquirer sniffing around for a story ', 'only intensify. Weeks after learning his mistress his pregnant he renews his wedding vows with -- People Magazine cameras capturing it all. But reporters from The National Enquirer sniffing around for a story and -- -- ', "evening. And good evening David that's right we are counting down. Just over a hundred hours until they exchange their  wedding vows  at the church. Behind me. Britain is getting set for a party kind of that happens once in a generation. He atmosphere ", 'are counting down. Just over a hundred hours until they exchange their wedding vows at the church. Behind me. Britain is getting set for a party -- kind of -- that happens once in a generation. ', "together. And I thank you for being on the show. So we hear you actually just. We hear you actually just renewed anger  wedding vows  when you need and it will we get to see that renewal of the on the upcoming show. Yes you will now. Com we've been ", 'we hear you actually just. We hear you actually just renewed anger wedding vows when you need and it will we get to see that renewal of the -- on the upcoming show. Yes you will ', "the Ross is celebrated their 31 wedding anniversary this week so. This kind of trends separation may actually give  wedding vows  to boost which is good news because I am a third of boomers say. They can't decide can't agree where they wanna ", "anniversary this week so. This kind of trends separation may actually give wedding vows to boost which is good news because I am a third of boomers say. They can't decide can't agree where they wanna ", "time in the lot that we have together. Well speaking of relationships. Khloe and Lamar of course just renewed their  wedding vows  and we cannot believe it's already been a year. So quickly and I wonder a father whether you worried that they sort ", "Well speaking of relationships. Khloe and Lamar of course just renewed their wedding vows and we cannot believe it's already been a year. So quickly and I wonder -- a father whether you worried that they ", "Victoria and her new prince was clearly a she did a wing to the crowd. You know as He uttered an enthusiastic. during his  wedding vows  holiday why didn't here. But this didn't come without a fight she comes from and tradition He. From treadmills ", "the crowd. You know as He uttered an enthusiastic. -- during his wedding vows holiday why didn't -- here. But this didn't come without a fight she comes from -- and tradition He. From treadmills and ", "deputy stands behind them. Menace Finley with a gun. These two people who had once flirted. Courted an exchange  wedding vows . Now seem to regard each other's Kryptonite. I can see their hands trembling. My black Breaux often has that affect ", "a gun. These two people who had once flirted. Courted an exchange wedding vows . Now seem to regard each other's Kryptonite. I can see their hands trembling. My black Breaux often has that affect. Each comes ", "Coming home when He was home He was distant on your birthday you wish you happy birthday. But we got married part of our  wedding vows  Maria real because that talks about being guardians of each other solitude. So we've always been independent creatures ", "you wish you happy birthday. But we got married part of our wedding vows -- -- -- Maria real because -- that talks about being guardians of each other solitude. So we've always been independent creatures ", "Welcome to GMA now on Jeremy exchanging  wedding vows  isn't the commitment to embracing your spouse's interior decorating style. Your home especially bedroom should reflect the ", "Welcome to GMA now on Jeremy -- exchanging wedding vows isn't the commitment to embracing your spouse's interior decorating style. Your home especially bedroom should reflect the blending of pace and ideas ", "couple will never forget their trip to a sonic drive in restaurant in Oklahoma and that's because they took their  wedding vows  there yeah. Did you brought up. After He married and those things and He gave his mom and a half. Yeah. The couple ", "sonic drive in restaurant in Oklahoma and that's because they took their wedding vows there yeah. Did you brought up. After He married and those things and He gave his mom and a half. Yeah. The "]