["anything they could salvage of their property. After searching for hours, one of their daughters found Patti McCracken's  wedding ring  underneath a foot of charred rubble. Patti McCracken had gotten in the habit of not wearing the ring because it no longer ", 'my kids, and other kids were over for a play date, so I couldn\'t just fall apart. I had to keep it together." $23K  Wedding Ring  Accidentally Sold for $5 Returned to Owner Now that she\'s had some time to let the situation sink in, Rhoades is devastated ', 'house and I said, \'Well, let me try one more time.\' It worked, and there was a little gold ring there." RELATED:  Wedding Ring  Lodged Behind Bathroom Vanity Found 40 Years Later The ring piqued his interest much more than the war artifacts, and he ', 'home with one of her children and a suitcase after the photos were published and was last photographed Friday, without her  wedding ring . Lawson, who has built an empire reportedly worth more than $23 million as the author of nine cookbooks and host of the ', 'accidentally sold his wife\'s $23,000  wedding ring  for $5 at a garage sale can breathe off anytime soon." Find Out How a  Wedding Ring  Lost in Chicago Was Found in Arkansas don\'t use that,\'" Eric recalled.  Wedding Ring  Found After Toilet Flush Unbeknownst ', 'He thought the box was empty, but a California husband accidentally sold his wife\'s $23,000 diamond  wedding ring  for $10 at a garage sale on June 1. "Every year our community holds a garage sale. I was in the hospital, I just had a baby ', 'Image credit: ABC News A  wedding ring  lost in Chicago turned up 600 miles away in Arkansas. Steve one of the boxes. At a second glance, I realized it was a  wedding ring . The ring looked very expensive, it had several diamonds ', 'really cared about a lot either weren\'t [in the house] or were saved. It was incredible." Gosh would often hang her  wedding ring  on a little hook Velasquez installed in the kitchen, especially when she would work on crafts. A week prior, a diamond ', 'man handed the chef a $100 bill. It was enough to cover the $40 he was originally loaned, plus interest. READ MORE:  Wedding Ring  Lodged Behind Bathroom Vanity Found 40 Years Later The young man left before Hjortkjaer could even catch his name. "I looked ', 'told ABCNews.com. "He said, \'I\'m holding your blue wallet,\' and I thought, \'Are you kidding me?\'" RELATED:  Wedding Rings  Lodged Behind Bathroom Vanity Found 40 Years Later Chastain can still remember the exact day in 1990 when her navy blue wallet ', 'their respective pastries, known as "twists," and even got into the action herself, rolling the dough with her sapphire  wedding ring  on and all. READ MORE: Kate Middleton, Prince William Appear at Horse Race "Oh, it\'s actually not bad, if you were ', 'Dear ABC News Fixer: I am engaged to get married to the love on my life on March 16. The only problem is the beautiful ring he bought me from Kay Jewelers in Richmond, Ind., has turned out to be a NIGHTMARE! He purchased it July 31 and gave it to me the same day. In less than six months, diamonds', "possessions as well now in the rubble. Going through the rubble the McCracken his daughter. Started searching for mom's  wedding ring  which she hadn't been aware hadn't been as she didn't take on vacation she left in the house. And they found it ", "through the rubble -- the McCracken his daughter. Started searching for mom's wedding ring which she hadn't been aware hadn't been as she didn't take on vacation she left in the house. And they found it. ", 'Chicago woman loses her  wedding ring  but then a good samaritan 600 miles away helps to give it back. The ring was accidentally shipped by UPS to Arkansas. After it ', 'Chicago woman loses her wedding ring but then a good samaritan 600 miles away helps to give it back. The ring was accidentally shipped by UPS to Arkansas. ', 'Behind it is on in Southern California. Bring missing  wedding ring  and it really is summer and take out to a friend that sent to be worth 23 Powell is in dollars. cloudier headed in the jewelry ', 'Behind it is on in Southern California. Bring missing wedding ring and it really is summer and take out to a friend that sent to be worth 23 Powell is in dollars. -- ', "accidentally sells his wife's diamond  wedding ring  at a garage sale. Just when they thought about to give birth, took off her  wedding ring  for safekeeping. When you're pregnant sold it. You sold the box? Why? My  wedding ring  was inside the box. Reporter: After ", "One man's $23,000 mistake. A husband accidentally sells his wife's diamond wedding ring at a garage sale. Just when they thought they'd never see it again, an early father's day gift was theirs. Allow myself to throw to myself. It's the reunion 12 long days in the making. I can't wait any longer. Reporter: That raquel and eric didn't think would co it started when raquel, about to give birth, took off her wedding ring for safekeeping. When you're pregnant, your fingers start to swell. I thought it would be a good idea to take it off. ", "gone. He's like, I sold it. You sold the box? Why? My wedding ring was inside the box. Reporter: After a desperate plea to the media, she began to lose hope. There's moments where I was ", "where he accepted a caution f assault. Meantime, lawson has not been seen since friday, when she was photographed out her  wedding ring . Her reps tell abc news, nigella isn't giving interviews. And that isn't due to change. Nigella is doing the smartest ", "has not been seen since friday, when she was photographed out her wedding ring . Her reps tell abc news, nigella isn't giving interviews. And that isn't due to change. Nigella is doing the smartest thing, which ", 'the old one back then a Miata. That is a fair question and that is the you know on the flip side is known for its fine jewelry gold diamond. Peter you know I lost my  wedding ring  get about it. It is our engineers and when I have picked up.', 'for its fine jewelry gold diamond. Peter you know I lost my wedding ring -- get -- about it. It is our engineers and when I have picked up. ', "miraculously making a big fine this time. A man's lost  wedding ring  but now comes the hard part finding the owner of said raying Thought it was tires but in doing so he lost his platinum  wedding ring  with the barely visible inscription Lisa 5 June 2010. News ", "good samaritan miraculously making a big fine this time. A man's lost wedding ring but now comes the hard part finding the owner of said raying. He's hoping that one -- you can help the -- take a look. Heading to Lake Tahoe on a -- interstate eighty near king bail California. But driver stopped clamps no change. Thought it was tires but in doing so he lost his platinum wedding ring with the barely visible inscription Lisa 5 June 2010. News installing these -- Gloves on tailback -- mineralized Bruins -- off. That's "]