['There\'s a possibility Kate and William might instead request charitable donations, as they did in lieu of a  wedding registry , Arbiter said, noting that any unsolicited gifts given to the royal couple for the baby must be "respectfully ', 'respectfully returned." There\'s a possibility the couple instead request charitable donations, as they did in lieu of a  wedding registry , she said. So how is Kate going to get all the baby stuff she needs? She\'ll likely shop less at high-end boutiques ', 'ABC\'s \'Day of Giving\' The " wedding registry " Diamond created for Correa com to create their own " wedding registry " for Sandy\'s victims . Instead purchased. Because it is a  wedding registry  Correa can edit her family\'s ', 'survived a popular vote. At the national level, Target is broadcasting its support for equal marriage rights with a  wedding registry  ad featuring two smiling men dressed in suits and bow ties holding hands and touching foreheads. "Be Yourself ', 'attempted to dupe consumers into thinking Kardashian was affiliated with the brand. Of course, Kardashian has bigger things to worry about: Like, will she get the $1,600 Scandinavian-designed teapot she listed on her  wedding registry  ?', "Kim Kardashian and Kris Humphries went shopping in Beverly Hills for their  wedding registry , and it's a list befitting a Kardashian. Their $172,000 registry at upscale Gearys of Beverly Hills includes a $1,250 ", 'find items and then decorate the new cake by selecting the shape and trimmings. The third type of bonus includes a  wedding registry . You get to choose a present, which unlocks a different kind of minigame inside, including a puzzle game involving ', 'Bridal showers are one of the biggest perks of getting married. But while brides often walk away chockful of presents for the kitchen and bedroom, grooms can feel a bit left out. The creators of a newly launched Web site want to change all that. TheManRegistry.com touts itself as the first wedding', 'As he left office, Huckabee and his wife set up a  wedding registry  at two local department stores for gifts at their to do something for her," and that they set up a  wedding registry  because there was no category for housewarming gifts ', "scrolls are then left at their guests' place settings at the reception in lieu of favors. Another popular encore  wedding registry  option for encore couples is to ask guests to chip in for their honeymoon costs. Lorrie Ines and Chris Hinton did ", 'wedding gown -- and traces it from the American aisle back to the Chinese factory floor. Chapter five looks at the  wedding registry , and the way in which department store conglomerates attempt to use the opportunity of a wedding to secure the bride ', 'become a matter of life or death. She operates an Internet business, RainbowWeddingNetwork.com, a gay and lesbian  wedding registry  and directory of gay-friendly professionals. The business has been successful -- she said the site has 4,700 ', 'The card and they released some. Hot family they came back and luckily yeah is doing Aaron Nat and creating but available spread in the sixth issue they went to Bora Bora. And the whole family have their own bungalows that very fine out and a big part of the trip was that it was just a couple weeks', "industry went marriages agency and so there's a lot competition. thing any testament as you say that the so that the  wedding registry  but that's ridiculous it is called. Hit it as in. hit snake pit some news want it. It's common because. In ", "-- thing any testament as you say that the so that the wedding registry but that's ridiculous it is called. Hit it as in. -- hit snake pit some news -- want it. It's common -- "]