['the couple had a private celebration on the island of St. Lucia in front of family and special friends to renew their  wedding vows , and Jimmy Kimmel officiated the ceremony. "We were looking for the perfect blend of depth and humor and humanity ', 'Albert L. Ortega/Getty Images Wearing a red strapless gown, Melissa Gilbert exchanged  wedding vows  with "Thirtysomething" star Timothy Busfield in California Wednesday. Gilbert\'s rep confirmed to People magazine that the ', "News reported on another couple's frightening flight caught on video . Kerin and Jonathan Narcisse were exchanging  wedding vows  on a hot air balloon ride when they and the rest of the wedding party suddenly began to fall from the sky. The balloon's ", "party and the balloon's operator, braced for a crash landing. One moment Kerin and Jonathan were exchanging their  wedding vows , thousands of feet in the air, the next, the newlyweds were on their sides, stranded, in a stranger's backyard ", 'Klum revealed that she doesn\'t want to marry again, even though she and her ex-husband Seal publicly renewed their  wedding vows  every year. "I don\'t think so. No. No," Klum said. "I wanted to keep the memory of our wedding alive every ', 'each of our respective beliefs and support each other\'s roles as parents." Heidi Klum and Seal They renewed their  wedding vows  every year. They wore ridiculous, matching Halloween costumes. They gushed about each other in interviews. What ', "O'Donnell's wealth if she cheats. It's not just celebrities or TV characters who include a contract alongside their  wedding vows , however. The New York Post recently reported on some of the more outlandish demands made by the clients of top New ", 'SAMSON/AFP/GettyImages Superstar singer Mariah Carey and her entertainer husband, Nick Cannon , have renewed their  wedding vows . A representative for the couple said the renewal took place Friday at the Eiffel Tower in Paris, The Associated Press ', 'Heidi Klum Breaks Silence; Opens Up to Elle Magazine in First Interview Since Split From Seal', "separation on Jan. 23. They married in 2005 and had appeared to have a loving relationship, in which they renewed their  wedding vows  every year in lavish ceremonies. Seal adopted Klum's child from a previous relationship, and the two had three more ", 'Heidi Klum and Seal. They renewed their  wedding vows  every year. They wore ridiculous, matching Halloween costumes. They gushed about each other in interviews. What seemed like ', "New Book, 'How Not to Marry the Wrong Guy,' Suggests Many Women Settle for Mr. Wrong", "People Magazine's Larry Hacket discusses the star's plans and the possibility of a woman in the NBA.", 'only reason I wanted this to be the live version because I wanted them to hear it. Reporter: The couple renewed their  wedding vows  every year. Last year with their babies in paris. This year, mariah went from queen to fairy tale princess, stepping ', 'because I wanted them to hear it. Reporter: The couple renewed their wedding vows every year. Last year with their babies in paris. This year, mariah went from queen to fairy tale princess, stepping out of ', "private celebration on the island of st. Lucia in front of family and some special friends. You recently renewed your  wedding vows . Yes. I had to ask did jimmy kimmel officiate? I will neither confirm nor deny that. Oh, come on. I'm -- he ", "in front of family and some special friends. You recently renewed your wedding vows . Yes. I had to ask did jimmy kimmel officiate? I will neither confirm nor deny that. Oh, come on. I'm -- he ", "of murder but what took place between those two extremes for a man. Who came to believe that revenge was awarded his  wedding vows . Right next to honor and bay. In shadow of the storms can be brutal. But it's human infuriated just the most lasting ", "for a man. Who came to believe that revenge was awarded his wedding vows . Right next to honor and -- bay. In -- shadow of the storms can be brutal. But it's human infuriated just the ", "murder. But what took place between those two extremes for a man who came to believe that revenge was a word in his  wedding vows ? Right next to honor and obey. In colorado, the storms can be brutal. But it's human fury that does the most lasting ", "man who came to believe that revenge was a word in his wedding vows ? Right next to honor and obey. In colorado, the storms can be brutal. But it's human fury that does the most lasting ", 'just hours after her apparent communion with god stood inside the chapel at the Excalibur hotel in sin city exchanging  wedding vows  for the second time. Back in Arizona news of the Las Vegas marriage was met with skepticism from sisters Shirley Paterson ', 'stood inside the chapel at the Excalibur hotel in sin city exchanging wedding vows for the second time. Back in Arizona news of the Las Vegas marriage was met with skepticism from -- sisters Shirley Paterson ']