['parade dancers surfaced online. The video shows two police officers dancing with passing dancers in the  West Indian Day Parade  in  Brooklyn  on Sept. 5. The dancers were bent over as the officers grinded closely against them as people cheered nearby ', 'late summer warm weather. (Matthias Schrader/AP Photo) A reveler dances during the  West Indian - American Day  Parade, Sept. 5, 2011 in the  Brooklyn  borough of New York City. More than 2 million spectators were expected to attend the celebration ', "Healy and Jonathan Hicks of the New York Times had  West Indian Day Parade  duty and lead their write-up with the competitive besting Rev. Sharpton's reception at the annual  Brooklyn  event and Jeanine Pirro's footwear.) 2006: Senate ", "Healy and Jonathan Hicks of the New York Times had  West Indian Day Parade  duty and lead their write-up with the competitive besting Rev. Sharpton's reception at the annual  Brooklyn  event and Jeanine Pirro's footwear.) 2006: Senate ", 'on the renovations taking place at the Clintons\' Embassy Row home. LINK 2005: This quote from Pat Healy\'s  West Indian Day Parade  mayoral campaign round-up is pretty much all you need to know: LINK "\'Virginia is a strong black woman ', 'camp" idea for school bullies. LINK Mayor Bloomberg is directing some city funds to support the upcoming  West Indian - American Day  Parade. LINK The New York Post hard copy has a piece (avec photos) of the new Bloomberg campaign bus. Doug ', 'revelers urge Hill to run for prez," The New York Post reports. LINK The "flood of support" at Monday\'s  West Indian Day Parade  "came a day after former Gov. Mario Cuomo told The Post he would back Clinton if she pursues a presidential ', "couple of young officers assigned to watch over the  west Indian day parade  last week. Bumping and grinding a dancers in the remember three people were shot during this year's  west Indian day parade  and not far from where the officers were on the ", "not amused a couple of young officers assigned to watch over the west Indian day parade last week. Bumping and grinding a dancers in the parade in some cases so provocatively. Can't even show parts of this today. ", "didn't -- it did remember three people were shot during this year's west Indian day parade and not far from where the officers were on the take. Plenty of actual police work to do that day. I don't "]