["far and it's growing. They've -- invested a billion dollars in green energy programs back -- 07 LA Google thought it couldn't solve the energy crisis. It led almost nowhere a billion dollars and now Google ", "I'm here right three different agencies inspecting catfish. 607 -- overlapping renewable energy programs and seven different camouflaged uniforms for the military all the different colors and patterns of course. Some like a waste of your ", "camouflage uniforms from two a few years ago to seven. But renewable energy programs topped them all with 607. -- -- time that overlapping programs -- Nobody knows what's -- on on there. Not the Department ", "morning senator Tom Coburn of Oklahoma targeted that confusing tangle of renewable energy programs as one example. Nobody knows what's going on there. Not the Department of Energy are all these other thirteen agencies that have ", 'you could do. For example the twelve billion dollars we spend on energy programs every year. That makes our electricity more expensive to write about Windmills -- twelve billion. Role in Louisville Louisville so the Windmills ', "high speed rail. That's twelve billion a year has spent on green energy programs says the military that has to spend 27 dollars and fifty cents a gallon on biofuels. When they could be fueling. A ", "the climate change. He tipped his hat -- -- to the green energy programs -- -- this. We will respond of the threat of climate change. Knowing that the failure to do so would betray our children and future generations. Path towards sustainable energy sources won't be long and sometimes difficult. And America cannot resist this transmission. We -- -- it. -- deal where we can't throw more money down the hole on these green energy programs that they don't employ Americans are not enough to my way of -- And they waste of money they lose money. What ", 'before he left office. You know he claimed credit last night for energy programs that President Bush had -- they had put in place he said look at all these great things we now have states. ', 'From catfish inspection to job training, study finds dozens of overlapping federal programs', 'Fiscal deal includes estimated $12.1 billion in tax credits for wind energy industry']