['environmental affairs. Shea Homes has sold more than 1,000 "SheaXero" homes in four western states and Florida. Marketed to  baby boomers , they are only net-zero for electric since they have gas heat, but it works for Sandy Van Emmerik, who moved into a ', "As yields on bonds and stock dividends have dropped,  Baby Boomers  are finding it's the toughest time to retire in a generation, according to an analysis by Bankrate. Economic conditions now ", 'chairman, whose next job may be head of the tax-writing Ways and Means Committee, makes his case based on numbers. " Baby boomers  are retiring to the tune of 10,000 people a day for the next 10 years," Ryan said. "We\'re going to have labor shortages ', 'They\'re the future of our labor force. They\'re the future of our economy," Frey said. "They\'re the people who white  baby boomers  are going to have to depend on for their Social Security, for their Medicare and just for a productive economy to keep all ', 'They\'re the future of our labor force. They\'re the future of our economy," Frey said. "They\'re the people who white  baby boomers  are going to have to depend on for their Social Security, for their Medicare and just for a productive economy to keep all ', "year's list of the best employers for  Baby Boomers , according to the American Association AARP's 50 companies are the best for  Baby Boomers  only, Setzfand says. They're the the 50 offer special benefits aimed at  Baby Boomers , they're especially attractive to ", 'Transcript: Exclusive Interview With House Speaker John Boehner on NSA Leak, Immigration Reform And More', "it coming-- and doing nothing about it. 10,000  baby boomers  like me retiring every day, 70,000 this week, 3.5 million this year. And this is just year three of the  baby boomers -- beginning to retire. And it's not like there's ", 'Mexicans and Dominicans settle in once Rican enclaves. Many of the Puerto Rican families that settled in New York City as  Baby Boomers  have moved their families to other parts of the country, like Orlando, Florida . The parade, as described by one man in ', 'the group of Americans following the  Baby Boomers  who range in age from 38 to 47 -fared generations. And though "early"  baby boomers  (those born between 1946 and 1955) and "late"  baby boomers  (those born 1956 and 1965) also suffered ', "That means there's little uniformity so immigrants find themselves struggling to obtain the necessary credentials. As  baby boomers  age and the Affordable Care Act takes effect, the healthcare sector is looking to hire thousands of new workers. There ", 'work. They are either discouraged by their prospects of getting a job or they are joining the swelling ranks of retiring  baby boomers . Texas, New York and Florida saw the most jobs added, while Wisconsin and Minnesota saw the biggest drop in unemployment ', 'restrictions needed to be made to ensure jobs for native born. Fellow Republican Lindsey Graham countered citing the vast number of  baby boomers  who will be retiring in the near future and the need for immigrants to fill the void that will be left. In the House, its ', 'The  baby boom generation  refers to those Americans born between 1946. And 1964. 78 million strong they are the richest generation this country has ever ', 'The baby boom generation refers to those Americans born between 1946. And 1964. 78 million strong they are the richest generation this country has ever seen ', 'Many of the more than 78 million Americans in the  baby boom generation  are counting on an inheritance to help fund their retirement and with good reason. Some experts have been saying for years that ', 'Many of the more than 78 million Americans in the baby boom generation are counting on an inheritance to help fund their retirement and with good reason. Some experts have been saying for years that ', "money let me baby Diane Keaton OK let you know got a all this because now you're getting a little here know what's up  baby boomers  thought you know does seem say they know you know. I'll follow you out well how about a little yeah I don't wanna judge ", "this because now you're getting a little -- here know what's up baby boomers thought you know does seem -- say they know you know. I'll follow you out well how about a little yeah -- ", "Have never taken no for an answer and the  baby boomers  and tonight they are charging into the next chapter in old she's now part of a surprising new trend. Aging  baby boomers  undergoing body rejuvenation. My face breast implants ", 'Have never taken no for an answer and the baby boomers and tonight they are charging into the next chapter in mass insisting they want to look as good as they feel. And ', "66 years old she's now part of a surprising new trend. Aging baby boomers undergoing body rejuvenation. My face -- breast implants and eyelid work in fact the number of cosmetic surgery patients over 65 has ", 'new series role reversal looking at the exploding number of  baby boomers  who are now caring for their aging parents. In an ABC news from work in the past year to care for a parent. And now  baby boomers  are getting help from an unlikely place the corner office ', "Begin a new series role reversal looking at the exploding number of baby boomers who are now caring for their aging parents. In an ABC news USA today poll 26% of boomers say they've taken time off from work in the past year to care for a parent. And now baby boomers are getting help from an unlikely place the corner office here's ABC's Bob Jamieson. I'm getting announced -- makes you feel pretty. ", "the stroke of midnight a tidal wave of  baby boomers  turns 65 and we did the math today that's next year. Two point eight million  baby boomers  who will turn that mark. In a time fretted about will only get worse. As  baby boomers  age for some time really uses a lot ", "across this country. At the stroke of midnight a tidal wave of baby boomers turns 65 and we did the math today that's one boomer every eight seconds turning 65 in the number. Coming in the next year. Two point eight million baby boomers who will turn that mark. In a time it takes you to watch this next report from John -- -- that would ", 'to this day we have fretted about will only get worse. As baby boomers age for some time really uses a lot of baby -- -- really some time when the baby boomers retire will win. Is now actually tomorrow because the boomer generation that huge reproductive uptick in 1946 to 64 that gave us ', 'The people determined to have a second chance really happily ever after we are talking about tens of millions of  baby boomers . People in their fifties and sixties who have been at the forefront of so much change in America and are at it again just ', 'really happily ever after we are talking about tens of millions of baby boomers . People in their fifties and sixties who have been at the forefront of so much change in America and are at it ']