["in Astrological. There are high who are they're now  aquarius  Catholic limited becoming a vegetarian. imagine the confusion readings now I don't think so you know the way that  astrology  and practiced and practiced a thousand years and so it's ", "living in -- Astrological. There are high -- who are they're now aquarius Catholic -- limited becoming a vegetarian. -- imagine the confusion this will cause -- that famous pickup line hey baby what's your ", 'or murdered but she did that it was actually unprotected sex and engaged in something pillow talk and they talked about  astrology  religion. Politics and then had sex for a second time have a law that and radar online is now timely reporting. That ', 'unprotected sex and engaged in something pillow talk and they talked about astrology religion. Politics and then had sex for a second time have a law that and radar online is now timely reporting. That ', "Well when it comes to the ancient art of romance some menus flowers. Some means chocolate others put their faith. In  astrology  but three young men say they've elevated the art of seduction into a science they call their technique. This simple ", "romance some menus flowers. Some means chocolate others put their faith. In astrology but three young men say they've elevated the art of seduction into a science they call their -- technique. This simple pick ", "society. John Kenneth Galbraith one of your liberal friends once said. That the purpose of economic projections as to make  astrology  look respectable. I don't. Fault the president of this I think the president for thinking that society is transparent ", "friends once said. That the purpose of economic projections as to make astrology look respectable. I don't. Fault the president of this I think the president for thinking that society is transparent and easy to ", "Two of America's actions horoscopes and weight loss coming together in a new diet public diet pioneered by. A veteran  astrology  the concept being your first signed determines your personality your personality. Therefore dictate the most likely diet ", 'together in a new diet public -- diet pioneered by. A veteran astrology -- the concept being -- your first signed determines your personality your personality. Therefore dictate the most likely diet -- -- not ', "that people who really. Believe in  astrology  are going to continue to believe in  astrology . And those who don't believe are don't pay too much attention to  astrology  but I thought that. Weaver relief ", "to change very much I think that people who really. Believe in astrology are going to continue to believe in astrology . And those who don't believe -- -- are going to continue not to believe that it. I was -- grown -- I think principles you -- Great and you like that hum. Honestly I'm kind of mix about it you know -- and I don't pay too much attention to astrology but I thought that. Weaver relief it means you -- than when I realized that wasn't supposed to do you regret and ", "global warming and calls it. Climate  astrology . He also joins us live from ABC market's gonna tell us its climate  astrology . But he's gonna try and argue consistent with that's when the climate  astrology  comes in. And that is where. Dan ", 'there is no such thing as global warming and calls it. Climate astrology . He also joins us live from ABC news bureau in Washington DC think. And welcome gentlemen thank you so much for joining ', "as global warming -- persist. Now market's gonna tell us its climate astrology . But he's gonna try and argue temperature data -- conspiracy theories. Thank you again. Well you welcome yourself to. Yet what we're ", "as some kind of -- more consistent with that's when the climate astrology comes in. And that is where. Dan -- Center for American Progress climate progress all these groups are guilty as charged they ", 'Blend into their faith life. New age practice is like  astrology . And eastern beliefs such as a reincarnation and limbs are regular churchgoers also believe in things like a  astrology  war reincarnation. The new poll also says a quarter of ', "religious stripes. Blend into their faith life. New age practice is like astrology . And eastern beliefs such as a reincarnation and limbs and yoga as a spiritual not just a physical practice. What we're really finding here that we haven't done before is how much Americans mix and match their religious beliefs and practices that is. How often people who are regular churchgoers also believe in things like a -- astrology war reincarnation. The new poll also says a quarter of Americans sometimes attends services of a different faith. -- Somerville is raised ", 'Blend in to their faith life new age practice is like  astrology  and eastern beliefs such as a reincarnation and And as Who are regular churchgoers also believed things like  astrology  war reincarnation. And those beliefs. Which may have ', "stripes. Blend in to their faith life new age practice is like astrology and eastern beliefs such as a reincarnation and -- And -- as a spiritual not just a physical practice. What we're finding ", 'how often people. Who are regular churchgoers also believed things like -- astrology war reincarnation. And those beliefs. Which may have been present in the past had not been well measured in the past so ', "from those children and refuse to use passcode of millions they're very concerned with friendly. So if you believe in  astrology  news you happen the last thing loving and dirty diapers and that's may didn't. Lead I'm gonna say this match ", "of millions they're very concerned with friendly. So if you believe in astrology news you happen the last thing loving and dirty diapers and that's may didn't. Lead I'm gonna say this match. -- -- ", "he's been able to out raise frank this month to help from national conservatives people like Glenn Beck have for years  astrology  Massachusetts. Do you want is using the money to post mocking web videos like this The big give a target on your back ", 'from national conservatives people like Glenn Beck have -- -- for years astrology Massachusetts. Do you want is using the money to post mocking web videos like this -- The big give a target on ', "really at GE. My out here. Enlighten me and I think would be in this we'll learn. Somewhere in these parents are  astrology  something like that yeah. This bill little island to be soccer. The that it immediately lifting the could only rest ", "would be in this -- we'll learn. Somewhere in these parents are astrology something like that -- -- -- yeah. This bill little island to be soccer. The that it immediately lifting the -- could ", "difficult for me just. Because of confusion does justice time constraints not I don't it just getting to give it to  astrology  Oca. You know regular and and I probably would save the hospice. Is the Blackberry and up I don't see it anywhere ", "constraints not -- I don't it just getting to give it to astrology Oca. You know regular -- and and I probably would save the hospice. Is the Blackberry and -- -- -- -- up ", "independent and intellectual. Turn I'm just practical. And prudent. Please calm down you are still Susan Miller of  astrology  zone dot com says no need to worry. She says for years astrologers have tried to account for the tried to adjust their ", 'prudent. Please calm down you are still -- -- Susan Miller of astrology zone dot com says no need to worry. She says for years astrologers have tried to account for the -- -- tried ', "Robb's killer models like obsessed with  astrology  issues He was like miss Cleo anything she was into what you know what means that what it means for your personality and all this ", "Robb's killer models like obsessed with astrology issues He was like miss Cleo anything she was -- into what you know what means that -- -- -- what it ", "recipes you can be a mom who's trying get tips and deals and steals. Over 70000 groups on a wide range of topics from  astrology  to gardening there's even a group for Harry Potter fanatics. And it could go place for advice one mom asked whether ", "and steals. Over 70000 groups on a wide range of topics from astrology to gardening there's even a group for Harry Potter fanatics. And it could go -- place for advice one mom asked whether ", "are at the point now where anything that happens can be blamed on global warming it's that flag is the phrase climate  astrology  Al Gore. In the live forget Al Gore going back to George. Archuleta by bush are now going back to George W Bush's ", "be blamed on global warming it's that flag is the phrase climate astrology Al Gore. In the -- live forget Al Gore going back to George. Archuleta by bush are now going back to George ", "and police officers special interest. One of them the Republican leader. House percent of mister Boehner. I guess and  astrology  per system failed. the once again rooting for failure. They're betting against American workers against middle class ", "the Republican leader. House -- percent of mister Boehner. I guess and astrology per system failed. -- the once again rooting for failure. They're betting against American workers against -- middle class against small businesses ", 'eighths. You know sex anything when it whenever He needed she senator. Susan new age girls those shares times us or  astrology  and she would give Evers advice. On what to do campaign was based on A few months after the affair began hunter was hired ', 'she senator. Susan new age girls those shares -- times us or astrology and she would give Evers advice. On what to do campaign was based on -- -- A few months after the affair ']