['necessary. A bemused Ellison has responded by noting he is an African American and not an immigrant. Also rising today  winter solstice  some choose to look at the shortest day of the year which is today in a negative light. We chose to look at the bright ', 'he is an African American and not an immigrant. Also rising today winter solstice some choose to look at the shortest day of the year which is today in a negative light. We chose to look ', 'out to be. The mayans believed TIME ITSELF BEGAN AUGUST 11th, 3114 b.C. Their long count calendar ends on the  winter solstice  this YEAR, DECEMBER 21st, 2012. Ancient prophecy meets modern anxieties. So, this is it, huh? These backyard ', 'BEGAN AUGUST 11th, 3114 b.C. Their long count calendar ends on the winter solstice this YEAR, DECEMBER 21st, 2012. Ancient prophecy meets modern anxieties. So, this is it, huh? These backyard bankers cost $100,000 installed. How ', 'doomsday will come exactly one year. From tonight  winter solstice . 2012. What seems to call for a command performance on or about. August 11 3014. BC. And and on the  winter solstice  2012 December 21 to 2012 is the last day of this calendar ', "-- still say that doomsday will come exactly one year. From tonight winter solstice . 2012. What seems to call for a command performance for our search. Of the apocalypse we're told but ABC's David Wright. What ", 'on or about. August 11 3014. BC. And -- and on the winter solstice 2012 December 21 to 2012 is the last day of this calendar called the long count. And this long count -- was ', 'origins. Evergreen has been a symbol of rebirth since long before Jesus when greenery in the house at the time of the  winter solstice . The shortest day of the year was a symbol of life. The first Christmas tree appeared in Germany in the sixteenth ', 'before Jesus when greenery in the house at the time of the winter solstice . The shortest day of the year was a symbol of life. The first Christmas tree appeared in Germany in the sixteenth century. ', "holiday decoration it frightens the holidays but it's not in your face threatening greener it's it's a very  winter solstice  and how big is it. It's email that size you could set it on the floor Until a couple of our fact all right let's ", "in your face threatening greener -- -- -- it's it's a very winter solstice and how big is it. It's email that size you could set it on the floor -- -- Until a couple of ", "eclipse of the moon night right on the day of the  winter solstice . Joining us now to talk about the phenomenon is Neil this is so rare as well as and it happened on the  winter solstice  and refresh your memory that's that. The shortest ", 'eclipse of the moon -- night right on the day of the winter solstice . Joining us now to talk about the phenomenon is Neil Tyson an astrophysicist. From the Hayden Planetarium here in New York. Thanks ', "-- is so rare as well as and it happened on the winter solstice and refresh your memory that's that. The shortest day of the year right. Yet it's been in the Northern Hemisphere's that they ", "morning it is a rare event that this planet hasn't seen in 372. Years. A total lunar eclipse that coincides with the  winter solstice  hasn't happened since 1638. Joining us live now on the phone from the Marshall space flight center in Huntsville ", "seen in 372. Years. A total lunar eclipse that coincides with the winter solstice hasn't happened since 1638. Joining us live now on the phone from the Marshall space flight center in Huntsville Alabama is NASA ", "is once Christmas. The summit on December 20 that's a The reason we celebrated as we talk about last year is the  winter solstice  is the darkest times of the year and album light of Christ. Comes into that so questions about Cuba manifestation ", 'The reason we celebrated as we talk about last year is the winter solstice is the darkest times of the year and album light of Christ. Comes into that -- -- so questions about Cuba manifestation ', "birth of Jesus that this was actually timed to the  winter solstice  and some of the more pagan. Festivals and that the Jesus as I was right about that. Right and it the  winter solstice  which the darkest time of the year and that's what ", "understood birth of Jesus that this was actually timed to -- the winter solstice and some of the more pagan. Festivals and that the epiphany. All the little Christmas that the orthodox celebrated very -- with the Italians. That was supposedly closer to that early spring birth of -- junior even though -- not when the feast of the epiphany but that that was the understandings are close. If it's close we celebrate on the 25 with that used to be when the sun -- birthday was that is not the -- Jesus -- as I was right about that. Right and it -- the winter solstice which -- the darkest time of the year and that's what I said so I was right about that so we replaced ", "don't celebrate Christmas on December 25 is that when Jesus was born do we know but we don't now. It's the  winter solstice  the darkest time of the year. We need the light of Christ that's highly celebrated on December 25 liberals alike ", "Jesus was born do we know but we don't now. It's the winter solstice -- the darkest time of the year. We need the light of Christ that's highly celebrated on December 25 liberals alike commenced ", "state holiday display. This is the sign sparking national debate. It was put up by easiest group to promote the  winter solstice  but then it goes on to say that religion is myth and superstition. That hardens hearts and it plays mind. And don't ", "debate. It was put up by -- easiest group to promote the winter solstice but then it goes on to say that religion is myth and superstition. That hardens hearts and it plays mind. And don't ", "don't know when Jesus was born but. We celebrated at that time of year at least tradition tells us too because as the  winter solstice  and at the darkest time of the year December 21 you say well why not. December 21 and that's the darkest day ", "time of year at least tradition tells us too because as the winter solstice and at the darkest time of the year December 21 you say well why not. December 21 and -- that's the darkest ", "It's the last weekend before Christmas from the malls will be crowded last minute Finally Saturday also marks the  winter solstice  the first official day of winter. And also the shortest day of the year with only nine and a half hours of daylight ", 'will be crowded -- last minute -- Finally Saturday also marks the winter solstice the first official day of winter. And also the shortest day of the year with only nine and a half hours of ', "promises. The final result is Celebration of the  winter solstice  and the beauty of community. We went back to what going back to what people celebrated which was the  winter solstice . So in that we're we're we're we want that ", "promises. The final result is -- -- -- -- Celebration of the winter solstice and the beauty of community. We went back to what pagan celebration was on the -- maybe a couple of thousand years ago and going back to what people celebrated -- which was the winter solstice . So in that -- we're we're we're we want that something spiritual Sunday. Good Morning America now I'm Tanya Rivero. If you "]