['Rejects the idea of  atheism  obviously and spokesman for  American Atheists  he firmly believes information about  atheism  that the public think you can be  atheists  and you can be see from the  atheist  movement beyond such as this  atheism  is neither positive force in America  atheists  usually. Keep ', "Catholic League for Religious and Civil Rights he. Rejects the idea of atheism obviously and believes the christianity is the foundation of liberty in America. He is joining us from our ABC news studio are ABC news studios in New York City. On the other side of that line David Silverman vice president and national spokesman for American Atheists he firmly believes in the separation. Of church and state he believes the more information about atheism that the public can get the better for the public he also joins us live from the ABC news studios in New York. Again we invite all of you to send in your tweets on this issue but our issue is our specific question is. He's atheism a positive force in America and I -- to go first to Jeff field answer that question form into. Well I think you can be atheists and you can be respect. All of them police as we saw that previous clip there obviously is a contingent of -- -- to. Just have no problem mocking beliefs and that the principles of people. Bomb went by what I think is is -- isn't inherently evil now I'd but I do believe that. There are in the United States we have a founding principal of Judea Christian values and I think that's. That's where we -- lie in keeping with them I don't believe that atheism is is like -- that is inherently wrong. But I do believe that if you go back and you look at throughout history -- Governments that have atheists . Points of view poll pot you have Stalin and you -- Hitler. Stick got out of the out of the equation and look which you have. All right let's go to David Silverman the question again and you just heard -- answer to this he is saying he does not think that atheism isn't evil. But he won't go as far and anywhere close to saying it's a positive force do you. -- -- -- -- thank you for having me on the show and thank you Jeff for not saying that atheism is evil. I will go on record and say that the Vatican is in fact evil. I will go on record and ", "that we're just gonna disagree. That's the mark of truth that's why atheism is going so quickly in America because. We're not using the sword we're not using politicians were saying hey. This is what we believe. And if you don't agree that's okay. We tell everybody read the Bible I'm telling you read the Bible front and back cover to cover like -- would read a book that's how you make atheists are. -- let me bring Jeff field back in response what you just -- its fiscal first -- -- ad hominem attack ", "at this point the culpability of the Pope we're talking about whether atheism is a positive force and David Silverman made the point that. Atheism is promoting knowledge by implication I think he's saying the Catholic church and other -- anti knowledge I want you to respond ", 'the ideology of  atheism . Pushing back against it true what the  atheist  movement is saying our topic today is  atheism  positive force in increasingly aggressive  atheist  community. The news. At Warwick  atheists  have no chance whatsoever convention of the  American Atheists . To take part in ', 'Is religion. Or more specifically. The absence of religion the ideology of atheism . Pushing back against a tradition in this country of religion being part of our life part of our culture very often part of our politics we listened to phrases like in god we trust. One nation under god is that who we are or is it true what the atheist movement is saying. That we need more separation. Of church and state. That is our topic today is atheism -- positive force in the United States and we would like to. Invite you as always to join us with your thoughts ', 'Controversy is building over huge piece of what will be the September 11 memorial and museum. The American  atheist  organization does not want issued steel cross to be part of the museum. The huge crosses made of intersecting beams found in an ', 'of what will be the September 11 memorial and museum. The American atheist organization does not want issued steel cross to be part of the museum. The huge crosses made of intersecting beams found in ', 'years. This year it changed  atheist  groups applied for and received The west our signs displaying  atheist  believes. Damon ticks and  atheists  helped put these quotes challenging group of churches battling the  atheists  over these bases. But the ', "it's been that way for nearly sixty years. This year it changed atheist groups applied for and received most of response through a lottery held by the city. That left three spots for the nativity scenes -- -- -- north this life. The west our signs displaying atheist believes. Damon ticks and atheists helped put -- these quotes challenging religious beliefs. It's not supposed to be used to promote religion it is explicitly promoting religion and it has been. Even though the city is not directly financially supporting it. And that's the main issue -- the separation of church state. -- Jamison is the spokesman for the group of churches battling the atheists over these bases. But the truth of the matter is they are trying to suppress our first amendment rights by pushing us ", 'Tonight, we look at  atheism  in america. There camp. A wave of  atheist  camps offers a god-free And they became  atheists . Reporter: But way to become an  atheist  is to study the christian, both now  atheists . If our children And so we became  atheist . Reporter: But ', "Tonight, we look at atheism in america. There are tens of millions of nonbelievers in the country. The number has more than doubled in the past two decades, so little surprise there is a new movement. The separation of church and summer camp. A wave of atheist camps offers a god-free alternative to religious camps. Lindsey davis has a look inside. Reporter: He has a summer ritual. A week away from home in washington state to attend atheist camp. Why don't you believe in god? Well there is no proof that god exists. Reporter: To it's actually called camp quest. ", "increasingly vocal  atheist  movement this case brought by  atheists  who claim that there's an  atheist  Internet recruiting campaign.  Atheists  summer camps conflagration neck and.  Atheists  who envision themselves as  atheist . Or agnostic ", "The increasingly vocal atheist movement this past week -- Supreme Court heard arguments in a case brought by atheists who claim that bush administration's office of faith based initiatives. Violates the separation of church and state. This is just one example of the mounting assertiveness of atheists who are arguing -- loudly that religion is not only false but also. A threat to civilization. I don't there's no god -- not -- -- atheists and the evangelicals facing off outside the Supreme Court I don't think you're wrong now from. It's you're wrong the occasion a ", "digital. An -- argument seems to be resonating right now there's an atheist Internet recruiting campaign. Atheists summer camps and several bestselling books including letter to a Christian nation by Sam Harris who says religion. Poses a global threat. ", 'So the we act decently toward one another a lot of these atheists . Attacked what they called religious extremism -- you character is there argument as extreme we talk about Islamic fundamentalists we talk about ', "merchandise like. Born again  atheist Atheist  on board for those with religious country.  Atheists  are still a small minority every bit a tendency for  atheists  to be to be liberals wouldn't vote for an  atheist  how to they know they ", 'Now turn to religion this morning in Virginia a large convention of atheists has gathered men women children -- who proclaimed -- god does not exist. Still of course the minority view in this country ', "to speakers people attending the convention and -- merchandise like. Born again atheist -- Atheist on board for those with kids -- or. After the rapture Nantes. Or mingle with celebrity -- like authors Christopher -- and Richard Dawkins we. You remain. Let's never forget this deeply religious country. Atheists are still a small minority in the US senate majority of Americans say they would not vote for an -- for president. ", "they're certainly must be conventional thinking when it comes to politics do atheists have a favorite presidential candidate in 2000 -- No -- every bit -- a tendency for atheists to be to be liberals. It's not necessary mean the supporters of -- around for itself will hopefully you'll know that she was there was -- -- There isn't -- -- Republican candidate and if there -- no other way I think I quarrel with your own. We viewers structured piece which says the people say they wouldn't vote for an atheist how to they know they would they haven't had a an offer from -- and atheist yes. They would have -- listening to him mr. Jefferson on that basis I think people but whether there and that's the ", 'celebrate. Reason. National organization called  American Atheists  paid 20000 dollars to put billboard up there. Its president says he is targeting what he calls closeted  atheists . David Silverman says and we quote. Our message ', "You know it's -- -- this season celebrate. Reason. National organization called American Atheists paid 20000 dollars to put billboard up there. Its president says he is targeting what he calls closeted atheists . David Silverman says and we quote. Our message is targeted at people who go through the motions but really don't believe in ", "believe in god she's an  atheist  and in fact she's an  atheist  minister. Who almost once taught her about  atheism  died some time before Whereas if you are an  atheist  you may have a similar difference between  atheists  and religious people ", 'You have work to do. The favorite uncle once taught her about atheism died some time before. Did you really see him again was this an illusion in your own brand. Well it was an ', "ones on government property. Rick Grover that the American  atheist  organization in Virginia. He's fighting religious decoration out I think it's good to have an alternative message to.  Atheist  message don't pollute the Christmas message says Randy a ", "especially religious ones on government property. Rick -- Grover that the American atheist organization in Virginia. He's fighting religious decoration on public property with signs like these. The appropriate place for religious places religious problem. ", "day out I think it's good to have an alternative message to. Atheist message -- don't pollute the Christmas message says Randy -- a writer with the Catholic online I don't think that that this ", "with our attorney on Wednesday and then we're going to. Start sorting this thing out from another another angle for months  atheist  to Florida had their case to city leaders in Lakeland and Tampa saying prayer before government meetings. Discriminates against ", 'to. Start sorting this thing out from another another angle for months atheist to Florida had -- their case to city leaders in Lakeland and Tampa saying prayer before government meetings. Discriminates against their beliefs ', "do you think that the  atheists  are a positive force with that. Aspect of  atheism  being a positive force made the argument that  atheism  is a positive force board with your idea  Atheists  come out of the closet if you don't be an  atheist  if you're. Against ", "so far now also include we we dealt with that. Aspect of atheism being a positive force for knowledge he's also made the argument that atheism is a positive force for tolerance. As opposed he is saying to Christian faiths including obviously to cut the church respond to ", 'print ads to promote  atheism  and counter the religious had a of the holy many  atheists  complained that religion angered by what the  atheists  are doing especially the problem with with  atheist  or activist. Nothing protected under the law some  atheists  who claim there are ', 'dollars on a new series of TV and print ads to promote atheism and counter the religious overtones of the Thanksgiving Christmas holiday. -- last week this billboard went up on one of the main ', "when your name mean isn't a thing at all I would here that  atheism  is not a thing. It is not a philosophy just not racism is think this whole conversation about the new is and militant  atheism . Has been used to keep our criticism of religion at line ", "name mean isn't a thing at all I would -- here that atheism is not a thing. It is not a philosophy just -- not racism is not one. It is not a world view ", 'think this whole conversation about the new -- is -- and militant atheism . Has been used to keep our criticism of religion at -- line. And has as allowed people to reject our arguments. -- ', 'An  atheist  message rolls through Fort Worth millions of Americans are good without god. Christians responded with their own mobile message ', 'An atheist message rolls through Fort Worth -- millions of Americans are good without god. Christians responded with their own mobile message big blue ', "Carolina deep in the Bible Belt a group of  atheists  recently decided to remind people of Purposely leaving out the words under god.  Atheist  point out those words. in the original know what we're real real now. The  atheists  thrilled by all the attention are now ", 'Here in North Carolina deep in the Bible Belt a group of atheists recently decided to remind people of the history of the pledge of allegiance. By putting up six billboards all over the state including one on the Billy Graham parkway. Which say one nation -- -- Purposely leaving out the words under god. Atheist point out those words. -- in the original place which was written in. 1892. More than a hundred years after the country ', "Are teenagers. Are young adults know what we're real real now. The atheists thrilled by all the attention are now considering more billboards. To continue to add fuel to the raging debate over the role ", "Carolina deep in the Bible Belt a group of  atheists  recently decided to remind people of Purposely leaving out the words under god.  Atheist  point out those words. in the original know what we're real real now. The  atheists  thrilled by all the attention are now ", 'Here in North Carolina deep in the Bible Belt a group of atheists recently decided to remind people of the history of the pledge of allegiance. By putting up six billboards all over the state including one on the Billy Graham parkway. Which say one nation -- -- Purposely leaving out the words under god. Atheist point out those words. -- in the original place which was written in. 1892. More than a hundred years after the country ', "Are teenagers. Are young adults know what we're real real now. The atheists thrilled by all the attention are now considering more billboards. To continue to add fuel to the raging debate over the role ", 'themselves as either agnostic or  atheist . That leaves more than 260 and increasingly aggressive  atheist  community. The ringleader community is at Warwick.  Atheists  have no chance whatsoever the annual convention of the  American Atheists . To take part in this deal ', "of brash bold faced a -- -- -- -- and increasingly aggressive atheist community. -- -- -- The ringleader is this guy here -- eighteen and one and eight season premiere provocateur. He says -- community is at Warwick. Atheists have no chance whatsoever of prevailing. And they direct confrontation. With believers are far too many of them I've called -- phenomena ", "What eight years you probably think that  atheists  aren't interested in gathering or doing of them they are part of America's  atheist  minority. They get together in what choose first of all not to be called  atheists  they really don't like that right ", "ago but what. What -- -- eight years you probably think that atheists aren't interested in gathering or doing any kind of spiritual. Study ever. Or worship. -- Some of them actually. And there's a place -- humanist. Censor and that's in Palo Alto, California take a look at this clip. A group of humanist who believe -- a lot of things but god is not one of them they are part of America's atheist minority. They get together in what is the rest of the time at the Mitchell park community center. And they get to ", "then why -- they choose first of all not to be called atheists they really don't like that right. Came from. It is. -- -- called -- -- that critical hidden. They don't believe in. "]