['Many of the more than 78 million Americans in the  baby boom generation  are counting on an inheritance to help fund their retirement and with good reason. Some experts have been saying for years that ', 'Many of the more than 78 million Americans in the baby boom generation are counting on an inheritance to help fund their retirement and with good reason. Some experts have been saying for years that ', "money let me baby Diane Keaton OK let you know got a all this because now you're getting a little here know what's up  baby boomers  thought you know does seem say they know you know. I'll follow you out well how about a little yeah I don't wanna judge ", "this because now you're getting a little -- here know what's up baby boomers thought you know does seem -- say they know you know. I'll follow you out well how about a little yeah -- ", "Have never taken no for an answer and the  baby boomers  and tonight they are charging into the next chapter in old she's now part of a surprising new trend. Aging  baby boomers  undergoing body rejuvenation. My face breast implants ", 'Have never taken no for an answer and the baby boomers and tonight they are charging into the next chapter in mass insisting they want to look as good as they feel. And ', "66 years old she's now part of a surprising new trend. Aging baby boomers undergoing body rejuvenation. My face -- breast implants and eyelid work in fact the number of cosmetic surgery patients over 65 has ", 'new series role reversal looking at the exploding number of  baby boomers  who are now caring for their aging parents. In an ABC news from work in the past year to care for a parent. And now  baby boomers  are getting help from an unlikely place the corner office ', "Begin a new series role reversal looking at the exploding number of baby boomers who are now caring for their aging parents. In an ABC news USA today poll 26% of boomers say they've taken time off from work in the past year to care for a parent. And now baby boomers are getting help from an unlikely place the corner office here's ABC's Bob Jamieson. I'm getting announced -- makes you feel pretty. ", "the stroke of midnight a tidal wave of  baby boomers  turns 65 and we did the math today that's next year. Two point eight million  baby boomers  who will turn that mark. In a time fretted about will only get worse. As  baby boomers  age for some time really uses a lot ", "across this country. At the stroke of midnight a tidal wave of baby boomers turns 65 and we did the math today that's one boomer every eight seconds turning 65 in the number. Coming in the next year. Two point eight million baby boomers who will turn that mark. In a time it takes you to watch this next report from John -- -- that would ", 'to this day we have fretted about will only get worse. As baby boomers age for some time really uses a lot of baby -- -- really some time when the baby boomers retire will win. Is now actually tomorrow because the boomer generation that huge reproductive uptick in 1946 to 64 that gave us ', 'The people determined to have a second chance really happily ever after we are talking about tens of millions of  baby boomers . People in their fifties and sixties who have been at the forefront of so much change in America and are at it again just ', 'really happily ever after we are talking about tens of millions of baby boomers . People in their fifties and sixties who have been at the forefront of so much change in America and are at it ', "Baby boomers  starting to think about retirement are especially unique to baby so first off. The  baby boomers  the first people to enroll in 41 K plans compounding. Next most people including  baby boomers  aren't saving enough. The typical ", 'Baby boomers starting to think about retirement are fighting their 401K savings plans are falling far short of what they need. According to a ', "-- reasons sport especially unique to baby -- so first off. The baby boomers -- the first people to enroll in 41 K plans and 1980 wanted to write 1981 so the typical baby boomer 1981 was 35 years alt. So they started much later than the rest Abbas which means they have less years of compounding. Next most people including baby boomers aren't saving enough. The typical Americans he's about 8% of their income in a -- -- K plan. That means if you make 50000 dollars you're saving about 4000 dollars a year which really isn't enough money. When you think about the amount of life they don't live after you retire. On top of that we've had days off -- recession which wiped out stock market returns basically for a decade. Just as the baby boomers were going to retire and if you bailed out when it went down before the recovery of worship or maybe you needed ", "played the location. More than any generation in history  baby boomers  say they plan to move when they retire. Nearly half saying ABC's Claire Shipman. Takes us to the one American city  baby boomers  are flocking to faster than anywhere in the country. We ", "location location -- played the location. More than any generation in history baby boomers say they plan to move when they retire. Nearly half saying they'll even crossed state lines and ABC's Claire Shipman. Takes us to the one American city baby boomers are flocking to faster than anywhere in the country. We knew what retirement was all about Sun City and Arizona. You go ", "Here in the good life all week we've been telling you how boomers are rewriting the rules of retirement and there's one thing many are now focusing on in this next chapter more than any other. They wanna get healthy. And they're discovering that their inner athlete turns out they're aging bodies", "America's 77 million  baby boomers  say again and again there is nothing as worrying as having enough money for the years ahead. And today a landmark investigation ", "America's 77 million baby boomers say -- again and again there is nothing as worrying as having enough money for the years ahead. And today a landmark ", 'And now we take a look into a kind of secret society.  Baby boomers  ready to do whatever it takes to stay young. Since 2006 this and at what risk. Reporter: They are a mountain of  baby boomers . It feels like I got my mojo back. I think every guy over ', "And now we take a look into a kind of secret society. Baby boomers ready to do whatever it takes to stay young. Since 2006 prescriptions of testosterone have doublinged since 2006. And they're expected to triple again in the next 5 years. Abc's neal karlinsky tells us who is doing this and at what risk. Reporter: They are a mountain of baby boomers . It feels like I got my mojo back. I think every guy over 50 should be doing it. Reporter: Putting co-workers on ", "parents there's nothing more important than preparing their children for the real world. But as the real world copes with a slowing economy finding a job or a home has become a challenge. Even for those children well into their fifties finding themselves with nowhere else to turn out a solution for", 'From bringing up retail to climbing the corporate and study found that the youngest  baby boomers  worked their way through an average of ten and a half jobs between the ages eighteen and forty. It appears those job changes could ', 'to climbing the corporate -- and -- study found that the youngest baby boomers worked their way through an average of ten and a half jobs between the ages eighteen and forty. It appears those job ', "After four years of the runaround, it's time for a turnaround. Paul ryan, the first v.P. Candidate in the post  baby - boom generation , just 42 years old, spoke of the next generation. I expect the calling of our generation, to give the america our ", 'for a turnaround. Paul ryan, the first v.P. Candidate in the post baby - boom generation , just 42 years old, spoke of the next generation. I expect the calling of our generation, to give the america our parents ', 'built it. Reporter: Then, helping to make the case -- paul ryan. The first vice presidential candidate from the post  baby boom generation , just 42. Romney watching ryan -- while his own grandchildren crawled over him. As ryan tried to reach a new generation ', 'case -- paul ryan. The first vice presidential candidate from the post baby boom generation , just 42. Romney watching ryan -- while his own grandchildren crawled over him. As ryan tried to reach a new generation for ', "Well millions of  baby boomers  are hitting 65 this year that's so hot. These economy why. Our  baby boomers  having such a hard time in retirement and Social Security. So 36% of  baby boomers  say they have not done anything ", "Well millions of baby boomers are hitting 65 this year that's the -- a lot of folks hoped to retire. But instead of making plans for their ", "good to see -- so hot. These -- -- economy why. Our baby boomers having such a hard time in retirement. Well you know there -- a lot of things going into this equation you talked about they didn't have the confidence the first thing you have to look at is a lot of them just haven't done adequate planning. Think about this generation they grew up with parents to we're talked about pensions and Social Security. So 36% of baby boomers say they have not done anything to invest for their financial security and retirement so that's alarming. Then secondly as you know ", "so that's not going to be an option for a lot of baby boomers . And then finally Stephanie really is this -- they're buried in debt so they may have taken out second mortgages on their homes to survive in this economy. They may be in a situation where they can use those credit cards. Justin need to stay afloat to pay for things like groceries and medical expenses something got to keep working to keep paying those expensive. Gosh you know it's it's so depressing and stressful because I know that there's millions and millions of baby boomers that are going through this exact same thing and there's not a single leg. In those three that they can really depend ", "magazine called you lazy entitled narcissists, who are part of the me, me, me generation. And that's very upsetting to us  baby - boomers  because self-absorption is kind of our thing. And I ask then that you love those dreams as much as I once did and still ", "of the me, me, me generation. And that's very upsetting to us baby - boomers because self-absorption is kind of our thing. And I ask then that you love those dreams as much as I once did ", 'band or kill stars young. Well he Mick Jagger. At age 69. For two and a half hours he laps around the lips and stage. As  baby boomers  and their kids get a contact high from all this vintage. Uncut rocket rule. How do you do it. Even I was sort of expand ', 'half hours he -- laps around the lips and -- stage. As baby boomers and their kids get a contact high from all this vintage. Uncut rocket rule. How do you do it. Even I was ']