["aloof style of Benedict, who visited Brazil in 2007. Francis is also well known for his outreach to Jews, Muslims and even  atheists , so his appeal doesn't seem limited to Catholics alone. What's unclear, however, is how he will deal with the millions ", "Reddit. You either love it or you don't understand it. You either use it every day to find your news, memes,  atheists  wearing fedoras... Or every few weeks you attempt to use it only to close the window as soon as you get to the homepage ", 'de Waal\'s own research supports his provocative conclusions, documented in the newly released book, " The Bonobo and the  Atheist  ." Do We Need God to be Moral? Ask the Apes If Men Aren\'t So Bad, Thank Testosterone Hey brother, feel sexually drawn ', 'An  atheist  Englishwoman who has been living in Houston as a permanent U.S. resident for more than 30 years nearly lost her shot at citizenship ', "spectator complained to the Freedom From Religion Foundation, an  atheist  group. The group argued that the banners amounted to a public banner saying, 'There's Only One True God, Allah,' or ' Atheists  Are Right,' you could imagine the uproar. This is not private ", 'documented in the newly released book, " The Bonobo and the  Atheist  ." Just the title answers one question: he is an  atheist , although he disparages the efforts of other  atheists  to convince the public to abandon all beliefs in the supernatural ', "writer and religious scholar Reza Aslan ; Rev. Calvin Butts , Pastor of the Abyssinian Baptist Church in New York; author and  atheist  Susan Jacoby ; Dr. Richard Land , of the Southern Baptist Convention's Ethics & Religious Liberty Commission; and Sojourners ", "writer and religious scholar Reza Aslan ; Rev. Calvin Butts , Pastor of the Abyssinian Baptist Church in New York; author and  atheist  Susan Jacoby ; Dr. Richard Land , president of the Southern Baptist Convention's Ethics & Religious Liberty Commission ", 'reason ,"  American Atheists  Inc. today by the late  atheist -activist nonprofit defines  atheism  "as the mental first openly  atheist  congressman pull black  atheists  from the shadows convention,"  American Atheists  President ', 'the sense of community, the group aspect of organized religion that has a big impact on their health. Alternatively, I see  atheists  who get great support through other means, including their understanding of the natural workings of the world. And clearly ', 'Turkson, Ouellet, and Arinze enjoying favorable odds. The site does list ethologist, evolutionary biologist, and outspoken  atheist  Richard Dawkins as a far less likely candidate. As of this posting, however, Dawkins does enjoy slightly better odds than ', 'related to the Mayan prediction. Witter, a self-described  atheist  who has a full-time job, said he has done little to update never intended to sell anything and only actually sold his  atheist  books on his website. He shut down the business in March when ', "are the true Israelites and created an anti-Semitic atmosphere. Keyes later described himself on his Myspace page as an  atheist . Among the Ark's other worshippers were Keyes' Colvill neighbors and friends, convicted murderer Chevie Kehoe and his ", "minutes left  atheism  does no harm topic is  atheism  is a positive spokesman for  American Atheists  he went second American  atheist  as. The knowledge.  American Atheists  here for that and  atheism  as well you'll In and  atheists  like I said being an  atheist  percent but ", "just wanna take very quickly -- -- of a few minutes left atheism does no harm or good necessarily and I think you both actually agree to that point yes we do. Okay but some are coming down near the end here and give you each a chance to some -- based on what you've heard. Our our topic is atheism is a positive force in America. David Silverman vice president national spokesman for American Atheists he went second before so you go first now. Summarizing American atheist as. The -- and the fastest growing population and all fifty states. We're growing because knowledge spreads we're not going because of money we're not going because of swords or or politicians we're going because of simple knowledge. American Atheists -- here for the fifty million on -- -- people in this country. We ask you to pick up and read -- Bible read it cover to cover if you can read the Bible cover to cover. Without help you'll come back to us and by the way our next convention -- in point in the spring. There's a little plug for you and Jeff feels like to have you summarized. Your position on this. Ought to take a look you know looking -- -- Judeo Christian values take a look at that -- and -- -- atheism as well you'll find. Judeo Christian values. Their values that we all everybody holds inherently. In -- and atheists like I said there's nothing wrong with being an atheist percent but when you when you go out there and and ridicule. Tick -- trying to and make fun of our other ", "thank David -- Silberman who is vice president a national spokesman for American Atheists he firmly believes. In the separation of church and state as was made obvious and also -- field. Communications director of the Catholic League for Religious and Civil Rights who obviously rejects the idea of -- we hope we shed a little bit of light on -- -- topic of the day whether atheism . It's a positive force in America our Twitter -- is by abcnews.com. On the Nightline page next time we are up. Make ", 'Rejects the idea of  atheism  obviously and spokesman for  American Atheists  he firmly believes information about  atheism  that the public think you can be  atheists  and you can be see from the  atheist  movement beyond such as this  atheism  is neither positive force in America  atheists  usually. Keep ', "Catholic League for Religious and Civil Rights he. Rejects the idea of atheism obviously and believes the christianity is the foundation of liberty in America. He is joining us from our ABC news studio are ABC news studios in New York City. On the other side of that line David Silverman vice president and national spokesman for American Atheists he firmly believes in the separation. Of church and state he believes the more information about atheism that the public can get the better for the public he also joins us live from the ABC news studios in New York. Again we invite all of you to send in your tweets on this issue but our issue is our specific question is. He's atheism a positive force in America and I -- to go first to Jeff field answer that question form into. Well I think you can be atheists and you can be respect. All of them police as we saw that previous clip there obviously is a contingent of -- -- to. Just have no problem mocking beliefs and that the principles of people. Bomb went by what I think is is -- isn't inherently evil now I'd but I do believe that. There are in the United States we have a founding principal of Judea Christian values and I think that's. That's where we -- lie in keeping with them I don't believe that atheism is is like -- that is inherently wrong. But I do believe that if you go back and you look at throughout history -- Governments that have atheists . Points of view poll pot you have Stalin and you -- Hitler. Stick got out of the out of the equation and look which you have. All right let's go to David Silverman the question again and you just heard -- answer to this he is saying he does not think that atheism isn't evil. But he won't go as far and anywhere close to saying it's a positive force do you. -- -- -- -- thank you for having me on the show and thank you Jeff for not saying that atheism is evil. I will go on record and say that the Vatican is in fact evil. I will go on record and ", "that we're just gonna disagree. That's the mark of truth that's why atheism is going so quickly in America because. We're not using the sword we're not using politicians were saying hey. This is what we believe. And if you don't agree that's okay. We tell everybody read the Bible I'm telling you read the Bible front and back cover to cover like -- would read a book that's how you make atheists are. -- let me bring Jeff field back in response what you just -- its fiscal first -- -- ad hominem attack ", "at this point the culpability of the Pope we're talking about whether atheism is a positive force and David Silverman made the point that. Atheism is promoting knowledge by implication I think he's saying the Catholic church and other -- anti knowledge I want you to respond ", 'the ideology of  atheism . Pushing back against it true what the  atheist  movement is saying our topic today is  atheism  positive force in increasingly aggressive  atheist  community. The news. At Warwick  atheists  have no chance whatsoever convention of the  American Atheists . To take part in ', 'Is religion. Or more specifically. The absence of religion the ideology of atheism . Pushing back against a tradition in this country of religion being part of our life part of our culture very often part of our politics we listened to phrases like in god we trust. One nation under god is that who we are or is it true what the atheist movement is saying. That we need more separation. Of church and state. That is our topic today is atheism -- positive force in the United States and we would like to. Invite you as always to join us with your thoughts ', 'Controversy is building over huge piece of what will be the September 11 memorial and museum. The American  atheist  organization does not want issued steel cross to be part of the museum. The huge crosses made of intersecting beams found in an ', 'of what will be the September 11 memorial and museum. The American atheist organization does not want issued steel cross to be part of the museum. The huge crosses made of intersecting beams found in ', 'years. This year it changed  atheist  groups applied for and received The west our signs displaying  atheist  believes. Damon ticks and  atheists  helped put these quotes challenging group of churches battling the  atheists  over these bases. But the ', "it's been that way for nearly sixty years. This year it changed atheist groups applied for and received most of response through a lottery held by the city. That left three spots for the nativity scenes -- -- -- north this life. The west our signs displaying atheist believes. Damon ticks and atheists helped put -- these quotes challenging religious beliefs. It's not supposed to be used to promote religion it is explicitly promoting religion and it has been. Even though the city is not directly financially supporting it. And that's the main issue -- the separation of church state. -- Jamison is the spokesman for the group of churches battling the atheists over these bases. But the truth of the matter is they are trying to suppress our first amendment rights by pushing us ", 'Tonight, we look at  atheism  in america. There camp. A wave of  atheist  camps offers a god-free And they became  atheists . Reporter: But way to become an  atheist  is to study the christian, both now  atheists . If our children And so we became  atheist . Reporter: But ', "Tonight, we look at atheism in america. There are tens of millions of nonbelievers in the country. The number has more than doubled in the past two decades, so little surprise there is a new movement. The separation of church and summer camp. A wave of atheist camps offers a god-free alternative to religious camps. Lindsey davis has a look inside. Reporter: He has a summer ritual. A week away from home in washington state to attend atheist camp. Why don't you believe in god? Well there is no proof that god exists. Reporter: To it's actually called camp quest. ", "increasingly vocal  atheist  movement this case brought by  atheists  who claim that there's an  atheist  Internet recruiting campaign.  Atheists  summer camps conflagration neck and.  Atheists  who envision themselves as  atheist . Or agnostic ", "The increasingly vocal atheist movement this past week -- Supreme Court heard arguments in a case brought by atheists who claim that bush administration's office of faith based initiatives. Violates the separation of church and state. This is just one example of the mounting assertiveness of atheists who are arguing -- loudly that religion is not only false but also. A threat to civilization. I don't there's no god -- not -- -- atheists and the evangelicals facing off outside the Supreme Court I don't think you're wrong now from. It's you're wrong the occasion a ", "digital. An -- argument seems to be resonating right now there's an atheist Internet recruiting campaign. Atheists summer camps and several bestselling books including letter to a Christian nation by Sam Harris who says religion. Poses a global threat. ", 'So the we act decently toward one another a lot of these atheists . Attacked what they called religious extremism -- you character is there argument as extreme we talk about Islamic fundamentalists we talk about ']