["Women's Health vs. Religious Freedom: House Leaders Debate Birth Control Mandate", 'mammograms, prenatal and cervical cancer screenings, and other preventive care. "The Republicans are kicking off  Women \' s History Month  by bringing the Blunt amendment to the floor in the United States Senate," Pelosi said today at her weekly news ', 'Dudette 07, \'" have soared into history over Afghanistan . Their combat mission, performed March 30 in honor of  Women \' s History Month , was the first in history to involve only female airmen. From the pilots of the two F-15E jets to the mission ', 'House released the report, "Women in America: Indicators of Social and Economic Well-Being," to kick off  Women \' s History Month . It was described as a "statistical portrait" showing how women are faring in the country today and how their ', 'Well-Being," to kick off  Women \' s History Month . It was described as a administration will be observing  Women \' s History Month  by highlighting a different issued Monday in honor of  Women \' s History Month , President Obama discussed ', 'hearing some poetry and spoken word," the first lady said at the event. In March, Michelle Obama celebrated  women \' s history month  with a gathering of what the White House billed were "women of excellence," including musicians Alicia Keyes ', "lady Michelle Obama partnered with notable women to reach out to young girls across Washington D.C., and mark  Women ' s History Month  in March. The president also penned an op-ed that will run in this Sunday's Parade magazine . In the piece ", "address as guests of the first lady; celebrated  women ' s history month  with visits to local high schools; welcomed elementary noting security and privacy concerns. To mark  women ' s history month  in March, the first lady hosted a White House ", "March is  Women ' s History Month , and it's a good time to look to the past to gather strength, courage and wisdom to forge into the future. In honor of women ", "March is women's history. A time not going to celebrate the progress that women made also the women throughout our history who made that progress possible. One inspire American comes to mind his Roosevelt. In 1961. The former First Lady was unhappy about the lack of women in government. So she", "Malcolm X and doctor Betty Shabazz memorial and educational center. A celebration of Black History Month and also  women ' s history month  in March it's an interactive collage of the lies of twenty African American female pioneers past and present ", "memorial and educational center. A celebration of Black History Month and also women's history month in March it's an interactive collage of the lies of twenty African American female pioneers past and present. Educators activists politicians journalists ", "general said of course this is. This month is  women ' s history month  and it provides an opportunity for Americans to And I couldn't think of a better way to Begin  women ' s history month . Then by coming here to the women's memorial ", "all. As the general said of course this is. This month is women's history month and it provides an opportunity for Americans to discover. And reflect on the accomplishments. Of women throughout our nation's history. But it ", "and friends. And I couldn't think of a better way to Begin women's history month . Then by coming here to the women's memorial at Arlington national cemetery to honor our nation's service women. As I speak. Service "]