['Africa. Bringing Up Royal Baby: Then and Now  Bastille Day  Vive le France!  Bastille Day  , celebrated on July 14, commemorates the democracy with festivities around the world.  Bastille Day  Recipe Round-Up Zimmerman Trial The jury ', 'with the French military in an unusual  Bastille Day  parade in Paris on Sunday, to honor refused to come in Paris in 2010 for  Bastille Day , when African soldiers marched under soldiers in Mali after the end of 2013.  Bastille Day  marks the July 14, 1789, storming ', 'operation could last through Sunday, which is the July 14  Bastille Day  holiday, and into Monday. Pepy stressed the crane operators but this one is typically one of the busiest because of  Bastille Day . The governor of the Essonne region, Michel Fuzeau, gave ', 'people spent energy in the last couple of days, so it will be an interesting one." He saved his legs for Sunday, which is  Bastille Day . Judging by the thousands of people who turned out on the roadside to cheer on Saturday, the atmosphere up Ventoux promises ', 'crash is undetermined, he said. The train was carrying about 385 passengers when it derailed Friday evening just after 5 p.m. local time, about 12 miles outside Paris. The accident comes on the eve of a national holiday,  Bastille Day .', "events coming up in July, including one for travelers. There's the Fourth of July of course, along with Canada Day,  Bastille Day  and lesser-known celebrations like National Ice Cream Day (July 21) and National Nude Day (no, I never heard of it ", 'second "o" in Google. In 2000, the company asked then-intern and current webmaster Dennis Hwang to create a doodle for  Bastille Day . "It was so well received by our users that Dennis was appointed Google\'s chief doodler and doodles started showing ', "was announced after France's far-right National Front threatened to sue Madonna after the singer showed a video at a  Bastille Day  concert in Paris with an image of the party's leader with a swastika on her forehead. Videos here. MCDONALD'S CROATIA ", 'billed as a celebration of tolerance and diversity, announced in the wake of controversy over Madonna showing images at a  Bastille Day  concert of far-right National Front party leader Marie Le Pen with a swastika on her forehead. "I\'ve heard that a certain ', 'Vive le France!  Bastille Day , celebrated on July 14, commemorates the storming of the Bastille in 1789. Throw a fabulous fete with some of our favorite recipes ', "for comic book fans will take place in San Diego. Click here for a slideshow of last year's event. Saturday, July 14:  Bastille Day  The holiday commemorates France and French democracy with festivities around the world. Click here for full ABC News coverage ", 'Neville even more certain about taking further surfing lessons. Now we have been here for two weeks of Tahitian dancing,  Bastille Day  parades and gnarley surfing, its time to start thinking about our next island Moorea, a day sail away. Apparently there ', 'One witness a two cars jumped the rails then more behind them. The 385 on board were headed out of Paris to celebrate  Bastille day  the symbolic anniversary to beginning at the French revolution. President press swallow line has said that he will change ', 'The 385 -- on board were headed out of Paris to celebrate Bastille day the symbolic anniversary to beginning at the French revolution. President press swallow line has said that he will change -- holiday plans ', 'Soldiers from several African countries were invited to Paris for the traditional  Bastille day  parade the festivities were somewhat dampened by a downpour. Another traditional the garden party at the Presidential Palace was ', 'Soldiers from several African countries were invited to Paris for the traditional Bastille day parade the festivities were somewhat dampened by a downpour. Another traditional -- the garden party at the Presidential Palace was canceled. As ', 'check out the online artists. Do we first thing we found to be fun to have perspective. From the moon this is do we differ  Bastille day  and so fun interpretation of an absolutely. Michael Lopez is Web designer at least part of the team that creates the Google ', 'fun to have perspective. From the moon this is do we differ Bastille day and so fun interpretation of an absolutely. Michael Lopez is -- Web designer at least part of the team that creates the ', "That's Seth Stevenson from slate dot com next up is our collaboration with Google and among today's top rising searches is  Bastille day . That's today July 14. The Bakken 1789. It was the start of the French revolution in the beginning of the end of the ", "is our collaboration with Google and among today's top rising searches is Bastille day . That's today July 14. The Bakken 1789. It was the start of the French revolution in the beginning of the end of ", "helicopter. Yes helicopter. And it wasn't his first try he's done it twice in just six years. This time it was on  Bastille day  French holiday commemorating the storming of prison. Tight end did it with the helpful for men who hijacked helicopter and ", 'done it twice in just six years. This time it was on Bastille day French holiday commemorating the storming of -- prison. Tight end did it with the helpful for men who hijacked -- helicopter and ']