["He says it was supposed to be a little joke between her girls. And instead it got out on the Internet people started sending it around each other and soon complete strangers. But calling her the word bride Billups. Canadian for a for bridesmaids are here and they're gonna clear the air this morning", "And hey don't believe it was Yeah. Well it was then here's scare you around the world. Canadian brides coming on her big day. And hacking away at her unflattering enough you. The six minute clip got two point eight million clicks on YouTube. After it was posted January 18 by what appeared to be at", 'would like to forget. We are not getting married here. The hot mess express. And his day, too. They\'re worse than a  bridezilla . Or I will gut you. Groomzillas. "Wedding confidential." Here\'s barbara walters. Good evening. It\'s the first ', 'The hot mess express. And his day, too. They\'re worse than a bridezilla . Or I will gut you. Groomzillas. "Wedding confidential." Here\'s barbara walters. Good evening. It\'s the first weekend in april and wedding season ', '3-year-old daughter struggling to keep up. This is beyond  bridezilla . This is thievery of the worst type, with a child someone would run out with a dress like that. Beyond  bridezilla . Way beyond  bridezilla . Now, to the story of a', 'parking lot. Her 3-year-old daughter struggling to keep up. This is beyond bridezilla . This is thievery of the worst type, with a child involved. I mean -- Reporter: Owners of seng couture, said the woman ', 'think that someone would run out with a dress like that. Beyond bridezilla . Way beyond bridezilla . Now, to the story of a ', "getting married with that. Reporter: We've all heard of  bridezilla , but experts say groomzilla is just as real. I've seen Maybe the whole power thing. They're actually worse than a  bridezilla . Reporter: But you don't have to scream, or threaten ", "I am not getting married with that. Reporter: We've all heard of bridezilla , but experts say groomzilla is just as real. I've seen grooms that want exclusivity in picking out the bridesmaids dresses. I think they go overboard. Maybe the whole power thing. They're actually worse than a bridezilla . Reporter: But you don't have to scream, or threaten bodily harm, to get your way. Meet evan. Evan had opinions. I was "]