['the vice president recalled a conversation that day with Rep. John Lewis, D-Ga., before an event celebrating  Black History Month  at Washington\'s Naval Observatory. "Before he went up there I turned to John and said, \'John, did you ever ', 'iPhone ?) She also paid a visit to the White House for a special screening of the film for students in honor of  Black History month , where the first lady Michelle Obama said she believed in the indie flick. Wallis is the first to admit she enjoys ', 'In this year\'s Oscars race for best picture, there are two very different films that deal with perhaps the most significant aspect of black history in America: slavery. The black characters in " Lincoln " primarily take a back seat in Steven Spielberg\'s drama about President Abraham Lincoln\'s', 'belting out "I Can\'t Turn You Loose" and "Miss You." Tonight\'s salute to the blues was in recognition of  Black History Month . "This is music with humble beginnings - roots in slavery and segregation, a society that rarely treated black ', 'belting out "I Can\'t Turn You Loose" and "Miss You." Tonight\'s salute to the blues was in recognition of  Black History Month . "This is music with humble beginnings - roots in slavery and segregation, a society that rarely treated black ', 'lady will welcome music legends to the White House this evening for a celebration of Blues music in recognition of  Black History month . The event is part of the "In Performance at the White House" concert series.', 'March 1965 marked a pivotal time for the U.S. civil rights movement, when the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. led demonstrators to protest discrimination against black Americans in Alabama who had been denied the right to vote. The march from Selma to the state capital...', 'Michelle Obama on Motown: as Motown Rose, So Did the "Forces of Change" In This Country', 'residents of the civil rights movement in this whole idea  Black History Month  do you think for. I her younger generation that believe that the are given a dose of black history  Black History Month  because that seems to be the only opportunity that ', "of the residents of the civil rights movement in this whole idea Black History Month do you think for. I -- her younger generation that doesn't know what you won't know -- I've not lived through would you want lived through. Does this month. Have residents that it should within defense. I do believe that the are given a dose of black history -- Black History Month because that seems to be the only opportunity that people can really talk about African Americans in this struggle in the history. ", 'White House in song it was a memorable tribute to  Black History Month . An ABC someone Miller was there good morning someone was nothing but warm in. It was a celebration of  Black History Month  President Obama doing soundtrack of a movement ', 'at the White House in song it was a memorable tribute to Black History Month . An ABC someone Miller was there good morning someone. Good morning Jeremy and the need well once the White House heard that ', 'was nothing but warm -- in. -- It was a celebration of Black History Month President Obama doing -- soundtrack of a movement. That in many ways helped lead to his election. The civil rights movement. Was ', 'President Bush honors Otis Williams at event to celebrate  Black History Month .', "President Obama is taking Andy. Stay home sweet home attack take Sound good mister president the concert. the part of  Black History Month  attributed the White House last night air eventually he'd be as it ended with an all star blues jam England ", "-- -- Sound good mister president the concert. -- the part of Black History Month attributed the White House last night -- air eventually he'd be as it ended with an all star blues jam -- England. ", "Well today marks the end of February and with that  Black History Month  which makes our next story especially tightly absolutely memorial and educational center. A celebration of  Black History Month  and also women's history month in March it's ", 'Well today marks the end of February and with that Black History Month which makes our next story especially tightly absolutely what do you think of the civil rights struggle too often the women who ', "X and doctor Betty Shabazz memorial and educational center. A celebration of Black History Month and also women's history month in March it's an interactive collage of the lies of twenty African American female pioneers past and "]