["Baby Felix is cute now, but soon he'll lose his stripes, get all huge, and be weird looking.", 'Editor\'s note: Each week in "Apparently This Matters," CNN\'s Jarrett Bellini applies his warped sensibilities to trending topics in social media and random items of interest on the Web.', "Nashville (CNN) -- If I've learned anything after many years in news, it's that people love cute, baby animals. And car chases.", "So, really, we're sort of all just waiting for a newborn panda to rob a bank, steal a Nissan, and drive it to the Mexican border for an explosive three-hour shootout.", 'Anderson Cooper will go on air later that night with a teary, bittersweet final report.', '"Welp, that\'s as good as it gets. Kill your TV. There is no longer anything worth seeing."', 'Unfortunately, even just normal, non-panda-related car chases are rather rare. Though, Florida, Texas and California do try their best. Bless their hearts.', '"Apparently This Matters" Is Jarrett Bellini\'s weekly (and somewhat random) look at social-media trends.', 'Baby animals, on the other hand, are seemingly everywhere. I recently had the opportunity to meet a very special one in person.', 'A few days ago, before setting off on a work trip to Nashville, I started searching the Web for anything trending in that city I could write about while I was in town. Through Reddit, I quickly discovered a popular link with adorable photos of this strange new creature that very well might have been the result of an aardvark mating with Danny DeVito.', "This bizarre little newborn was a Baird's tapir from the Nashville Zoo, and it's actually nothing at all like an aardvark. Or Danny DeVito. In fact, its closest living relatives are horses.", 'And I only know all this because I made a short visit to the zoo to meet with Lanny Brown, its ungulate manager.', '"Ungulate" is a science word. And those make me dizzy. So, let\'s just call him Hoof Master General, for he described his body of work as: "Everything from deer all the way up to elephants and everything in between."', "Now, you've probably never heard of a Baird's tapir, so the first thing you need to know is that it's technically a Spanish word. Thus, one might accurately pronounce the second part 'tap-YEAR.'", "The common North American way of saying it is 'TAPE-uhr' -- like the guys with the tall microphones at Widespread Panic concerts who record the shows.", 'However you decide to pronounce it, there are four species of tapir -- all of which, as adults, become delightfully ugly and sort of look like 500-pound versions of Watto from Star Wars. Essentially, if animals did online dating, these would be the really desperate ones who "respond frequently."', "This particular breed that we're talking about here, is actually native to southern Mexico and central America. But they're endangered, so it's pretty remarkable that the Nashville Zoo successfully bred one in captivity.", "Though, it almost ended in tragedy. And that's where this story gets both amazing and disgusting all at once. Sort of like when I fear-floss an hour before the dentist.", "It all went down on January 12 when the mother tapir, Houston, finally gave birth to her cute little baby boy, Felix. There was no mention of daddy tapir during this miracle, but it's safe to assume he was off doing guy things like lighting stuff on fire and burping into a microphone.", 'After Felix was born, his mother was supposed to gently use her teeth to open the embryonic sac, releasing her calf into the world to breathe on its own. However, in this particular instance, she actually went directly to step two: Eating the placenta and afterbirth. Because, really, who can resist?', "Eventually, zoo staff was able to move mom into another stall so our brave Hoof Master General could get to the baby and set it free. Only, by this point, it wasn't breathing. So, they started the equivalent of human CPR.", '"There was a lot of fluid in his snout that had to be sucked out first," Brown said. "I would love to tell you I was so much in the moment that I didn\'t think about it at all, but that\'s not true by any means. It was (sigh) very similar to -- what\'s a good way to put it -- you know when you have a really, really runny nose. It\'s that same salty, mucousy kinda taste. I spit it out as quickly as I could. It had to be done."', "After about 15 minutes of supplemental breaths and compressions, little Felix finally started breathing on his own and, weeks later, is as healthy as can be. On top of that, he's already sort of an Internet star.", "At home I drink from the tap. Not so much because I particularly love the taste, but because the automatic water dispenser on my fridge doesn't work.", "Children of the '80s and '90s fondly remember a time when MTV actually played music videos. ", "I've always found amusement parks very unamusing, for it's hard to justify standing in a hot, 40-minute roller-coaster line so I can promptly lose my car keys and barf up a churro. ", 'One day, a rather inconsiderate caveman turned to his cavewoman and said, "You know, Diane, you should really think about shaving your legs."', 'George Carlin once said, "I don\'t automatically wash my hands every time I go to the bathroom. You know when I wash my hands? When I s**t on them." ', "A lot of people don't know this, but for every 30 minutes of legitimate work, all employees must be allowed one full hour of Internet cat videos.", "I've been camping countless times in the forest -- as one does -- and without fail, there's always plenty of wood just lying around.", 'There\'s a great song by Todd Snider called "The Ballad of The Kingsmen." In it, he sings, "Marilyn Manson gets a lot of chicks. They\'re weird chicks. But they\'re chicks."', "In my bedroom there's an amazing wall-mounted hideaway ironing board. It even has an affixed light and timed electrical outlet for safety. The thing is absolutely brilliant.", '"Wow! I totally just watched the awesome cell phone video you shot at that concert!"', 'Abraham Lincoln once said, "In life, what counts is the size of a man\'s heart, not the size of his disproportionate willie."', 'Sometimes pet tortoises vanish for 30 years and end up in a box of records. Still alive. Or they live with San Francisco 49ers quarterbacks.']