["he slipped out of  hong kong , whether anything how he got out of  hong kong . The u.S. Said passport but the  hong kong  government said all Screw up, or is  china  stiff-arming us Government and  hong kong . They're challenging ", "The white house scrambling to find out how he slipped out of hong kong , whether anything can be done to stop him and pierre thomas in washington and, pierre, any sense at all in the u.S. Government of what's going on with nod snowden. Reporter: They're desperate to find out but don't have any information that we know of, george. It's a really critical situation for the u.S. Government. Snowden is a walking treasure trove of information. They need to know where he is because any intelligence service including the russians would want to get access to him. Back to how he got out of hong kong . The u.S. Said they filed an extradition request and revoked his passport but the hong kong government said all the required paperwork wasn't there so did the u.S. Screw up, or is china stiff-arming us? Reporter: Well, it's a war of words between the u.S. Government and hong kong . They're challenging the assertion that the extradition request was flawed. U.S. Officials claim days went by after the request was made and hong kong never gave a clue there was a problem with the request until this past friday. The next thing the u.S. Government knew, snowden was gone. U.S. Officials say the pressure on hong kong was intense with the attorney general himself calling his counterpart last week, so, yes, they do feel they got stiff-armed. Intense pressure on hong kong and moscow, as well. We'll bring in our abc news ", 'Chinese dissident they  Hong Kong  authorities made a deliberate travelled from from  Hong Kong  to Moscow on Sunday let him travel from  Hong Kong  has damaged the US  China  relationship weird White technical decision by the  Hong Kong  immigration officials ', "words from the White House today about the Chinese dissident they -- Hong Kong authorities made a deliberate choice that was the -- is deliberate choice to release noted. And we know that he travelled from from Hong Kong to Moscow on Sunday he did not get on it. Flight to Havana has he was expected and the White House says that this choice to release his fugitive. And let him travel from Hong Kong has damaged the US China relationship weird White House spokesman Jay Carney say today that they're just not buying that this was. Some technical decision by the Hong Kong immigration officials and this was a deliberate choice it is now -- that relationship. There was not has also been some discussion about. Noting his passport but Jay Carney made very clear that the Hong Kong authorities knew and knew very well -- had plenty of heads up that his passport had been about to take a lesson. No. And all over discussions through Friday that the authorities in Hong Kong raise any issues regarding the sufficiency of the US is provisional arrest request. In light of this we find their decision. To be particularly troubling. Since June -- when we learned that mr. Snowden was in Hong Kong US authorities have been in continual contact with their Hong Kong counterparts. At the working and senior levels attorney general Eric Holder. Placed a phone call on June 19. With his counterpart the Hong -- secretary of justice for justice rather stressing the importance of the matter and urging Hong Kong to honor our request for snow this arrest. So -- can expect top congress is any repercussions here. Well the White House ", "morning. Officials in  hong kong  say snowden who's board a flight from  hong kong  to we believe russia S. Government.  Hong kong  said the u.S him from leaving  hong kong . He boarded a flight this do to u.S.- China  relations. What ", "espionage, suddenly out of the country. Managing to board a flight from hong kong to we believe russia. It was just after 4:00 p.M. Today when honk -- we lost glory ya. Shortly after 4:00 today, the government released a statement said he left of his own accord in what must be a blow to the u.S. Government. Hong kong said the u.S. Didn't provides sufficient information, meaning there was no way to arrest him, no legal basis to restrict him from leaving hong kong . He boarded a flight to moscow, due to land in a few hours. Later, a tweet from wiki leaks, saying he is traveling with the legal advisers on the plane. And one person, snowden is traveling with a woman samed sara harrison, an aid to julian assange. And now to george stephanopoulos, because so many people are wondering what does this do to u.S.- China relations. What does that do for relations with russia? The united states would fully comply with the extradition request. One of the things we're doing is getting the to the justice department if they believe a mistake was made, or china playing games. No question, this is going to complicate the united states- china relationship. Just over a week ago, president obama met with the president, and they were trying to reset the united states relationship with china . Cyber warfare right at the top, cyber espionage right at the top, if indeed china is not cooperating, that's a big blow. And raises questions about the relationship with russia. He could be going to cuba and ", 'Reporter: Today snowden made it clear he is still in  hong kong  telling the post it is here that he wants to make hub for american spying and computer hacking on  china  and north korea as well as  hong kong . If he makes public the names of government officials ', 'brian ross. Reporter: Today snowden made it clear he is still in hong kong telling the post it is here that he wants to make his last stand to reveal what he called the criminal national of the u.S. Government surveillance programs and targets worldwide. Snowden may be holding a lot more secrets. His last post was at the nsa, the national security agency facility in hawaii that is a hub for american spying and computer hacking on china and north korea as well as hong kong . If he makes public the names of government officials and others who are targets it could be far more devastating than what ', 'People of  Hong Kong  woke up under a different flag this dangerous turn of events today now that  China  is in charge.  Hong Kong  is still intact. Today. With the Threatening stuff usually  China  today the  Hong Kong  police actually cleared traffic for ', "were important. Don't walk up her right mind so I don't really Hong Kong's new chief executive -- law and the Communist Chinese president Jiang Zemin. We're a very powerful and we emphasize that democracy. Would be vital to Hong Kong . But it was a little hard to fathom everything that happened out here today. When the Chinese president got home to Beijing democracy with -- anything but first on his list. Here's ABC's Deborah -- This was president Jiang Zemin's moment of -- His triumphant return China's capital -- He told his people that Hong Kong is back. Hear the president spoke like an old style Communist. It's. He praised the legacy of marxism leninism and all the old revolutionaries who preceded him. And He launched into a lengthy diatribe blaming the British and other foreign powers. For what He called their brutal aggression against China during the last century will enable the Chinese nation will never allow itself to be bullied oppressed and exploited by others He said. And He never once mentioned the British contribution to Hong Kong's success saying it was the result of the wisdom of the Hong Kong people. We're. With a great motherland now behind them. This international metropolis will -- even brighter He said. Speeches were over dancers took up the anti imperialism seen. Recreating scenes of foreign aggression against China . They raised the ruins of a palace that was once sacked by British troops. The speech and the rally which -- the latest chapters in a relentless government effort aimed at increasing nationalist passion here. Enforcing Communist Party rule. -- -- -- the message was directed at China's domestic audience it is not likely to be well received in the wrong wrong. On this birthday of what they called one country and systems speech just emphasized how different those systems really are. Debra Wong ABC news Beijing. And while we're on the subject some thoughts about what this all means to the United States we're joined again by my thoughts and -- China analyst from. Stanford University like anything you see in this -- first day and a half here that should be more or less concern for Americans. Well I think that no landmines were detonated here lot of problems could've been. -- could have cropped up during the transition. Giants and then comes out of this up politically stronger in China . And that means that there is an effective stable leadership. That with which the United States can probably deal in the months ahead. So if it's a good day for president -- that China is also good day for Bill Clinton what does He have to worry about the next few months. Well naturally there -- ", 'alleged in the local interview that Washington hacked into computers in  China  for years. Today supporters took their outrage streaked to the US consulate Calling on the courts and people here to decide his fate. Fujita ABC news  Hong Kong .', "the local interview that Washington hacked into computers -- -- -- in China for years. Today supporters took their outrage streaked to the US consulate. Hey don't considers noting of criminal but a hero defending ", "asylum to be able to go anywhere else is that correct. Basically in or watching the terminal the Tom Hanks movie. He left  Hong Kong  and while in the air the US government revoked any kind of travel documents so he hasn't gone through Russian customs ", "-- in or watching the terminal the Tom Hanks movie. He left Hong Kong and while in the air the US government revoked any kind of travel documents so he hasn't gone through Russian customs yet ", "thought they had snowden boxed in in  hong kong , but officials there said the u in time to prevent his escape from  hong kong . Now, not only has snowden apparently This morning snowden's lawyers in  hong kong  told abc news his decision to flee ", "requested political asylum. American authorities thought they had snowden boxed in in hong kong , but officials there said the u.S. Arrest request from washington received late last week was flawed and they allowed him to fly out on sunday to russia. I believe this will have serious consequences for u.S./Russian relations. Reporter: Snowden's u.S. Passport was not revoked by the state department until saturday. Not in time to prevent his escape from hong kong . Now, not only has snowden apparently evaded u.S. Justice, but he is defecting with four laptops full of the country's most sensitive ", "in my opinion with noble intent. Reporter: This morning snowden's lawyers in hong kong told abc news his decision to flee hong kong came at the last minute when he, quote, got spooked that hong kong would not give him assurances he would have safe passage out of the country and lawyers told gloria ri riviera that it ", "The Olympic Torch relay has ended in  Hong Kong  without any disruptions. The plane was this city today human rights protesters to seek refuge in police vans.  China 's recent crackdown on Tibet inspired torch relay protests ", "The Olympic Torch relay has ended in Hong Kong without any disruptions. The plane was -- -- this city today by a 120 runners large groups of torch pro supporters forced pro Tibet. And human rights protesters to seek refuge in police vans. China's recent crackdown on Tibet inspired torch relay protests in some western cities. ", "old Peter Parker I mean a Robaire. Skilled this 27 story building called the the bank it's the headquarters there in  Hong Kong  without ropes. Or any other equipment a rescue workers were standing by with an inflatable air bag at the base of the ", "building called the -- -- the bank it's the headquarters there in Hong Kong without ropes. Or any other equipment a rescue workers were standing by with an inflatable air bag at the base of the ", "For  Hong Kong  it has been a long the event. Now that  Hong Kong  has been handed over of Bermuda. Ouster  Hong Kong  today as the first country two systems.  Hong Kong  returns to the motherland watching to see whether  China  keeps that ABC's ", "talked about how proud He was to finally be a part of China . And Hong Kong government the whole -- become a Chinese have been. -- PM this to do and can. At home like most of Hong Kong Chris -- brother was watching the official ceremony on TV. So -- We're losing something we are very familiar with says tang -- we're not sure what is coming. What they are not sure is the Chinese army as He advanced guard injured Hong Kong Chris is generation remembers the -- -- massacred. But for his parents that massacre never happened Beijing has their full support. But -- central Hong Kong democracy activists called Beijing's decision to send more than 4000 troops -- stupid. Because the memories it -- -- vote. -- -- -- -- -- The walls to remember what happened -- through Friday nine. And reminds people of Hong Kong would have and then through Friday nine and to fight and Hong Kong people. And -- thing in other pro democracy activists gathered in increasing numbers as the night progressed outside the legislative council. -- ", "Overnight, snowden slipping out of  hong kong . Abc news has learned with several coverage across the globe tonight from  hong kong  to moscow to washington, and we thinking they had boxed him in back in  hong kong . But officials there told abc's ", "him espionage. He faces decades behind bars. Overnight, snowden slipping out of hong kong . Abc news has learned with several laptops full of secret information. Flying to the moscow airport where it is believed he is spending the night in diplomatic limbo, booked on a flight to cuba tomorrow, reportedly a stop on the way to eck kauador, where he has officially requested asylum. Tonight, we have also learned the u.S. State department is warning countries snowden may travel through that he is a wanted criminal and any countries helping him would be hurting their relationship with the u.S. We have team coverage across the globe tonight from hong kong to moscow to washington, and we lead off with abc's chief investigative correspondent, brian ross. Reporter: U.S. Authorities were caught offguard by snowden's sudden departure to moscow, thinking they had boxed him in back in hong kong . But officials there told abc's gloria river gloria riviera that the formal u.S. Arrest request and criminal charges filed last week were badly flawed. Reporter: The hong kong statement cited a failure by the u.S. To prove snowden's actions were illegal under expedition law, saying the u.S. Neglected to provide sufficient information, and saying, quote, there was no legal basis to restrict mr. Snowden from leaving hong kong . Repor SNOWDEN WAS Allowed to board the flight to moscow early today before the u.S. Could address any problems. Well, I'd like to find out why our papers were not in compliance. That would be a big mistake by the department of justice. Hong kong , whether under the influence of beijing or not, should have made every effort to return him to the united states. Reporter: Snowden's ", "us here in new york. Brian, as you reported, the arrest request, hong kong saying badly flawed. The passport revoked too late? What's going on here? Reporter: Well, american authorities don't buy this badly flawed reason. They think that's contrived by hong kong , perhaps on behalf of the chinese. As to the passport revocation, the charges against him were FILED ON JUNE 14th, IT WAS ", "glittering skyscrapers of  Hong Kong  today. Celebrating the tenth anniversary of  Hong Kong 's handover to  China . ABC's mark on an pride reviewing the  Hong Kong  garrison of the People's Chinese call it. Most  Hong Kong  people had to agree ", "fireworks the ones we're talking about exploded over the glittering skyscrapers of Hong Kong today. Celebrating the tenth anniversary of Hong Kong's handover to China . ABC's mark -- on an extraordinary decade of change. The Chinese president bursting with pride reviewing the Hong Kong garrison of the People's Liberation Army. Parked in the day that this former British colony returned to the embrace of the motherland it. And embrace that's been -- softly softly as the Chinese call it. Most Hong Kong people had to agree on the celebration was in a war. There was even a special anniversary gift to -- his name do you need in -- the names mean blossoming happiness. Few could have guessed a decade ago that this day would be so warm and cuddly this. News world news tonight with Peter Jennings. Reporting tonight from Hong Kong ABC news was here been forced to witness that remarkable moment in history. -- -- minutes away now from the actual moment ", "pro democracy demonstrations in Tiananmen square. What hope -- the people of Hong Kong man. But so far China has kept its promise that Hong Kong can pretty much run its own affairs for at least fifty years. -- Hong Kong people it turns out haven't lost any freedoms that all. Even today thousands were in the streets calling for greater democracy in Hong Kong protests that would be banned in Beijing or no problem here. And there's been no interference with Hong Kong's freewheeling capitalist ways either. The -- that Hong Kong might become just another Communist Chinese city never materialized. If anything Chinese cities today now look and feel a lot more like home -- I think they wanted to work. -- that's it's not an ideological. Beijing. Wants Hong Kong and it needs home. The years have had their problems Hong Kong was hit hard by the Asian economic crisis followed by the deadly SARS epidemic. More recently terrible air pollution. But a decade after 1997. Hong Kong as a more self confident optimistic place. The embrace of the motherland not all that bad as long as the motherland. And ", "other night. It's the  Hong Kong  debut during tour at musicians are now looking to  Hong Kong  and  China  for new markets and fan brought the Flaming Lips to  Hong Kong  its Demand right now also recently come to  Hong Kong . And US indie rockers ", "other venue and it is in any other night. It's the -- Hong Kong debut during -- tour at the end of last year that also included stops for the first time in Singapore and Seoul. Independent and alternative musicians are now looking to Hong Kong and China for new markets and fan. The latest and cultural exports -- America this one is distinct from the mega acts and record label darlings that have traditionally come -- battery. The live music scene in the states in any case plant in Europe there's just too much going on their analysis of -- the market where it's kind of emerging. -- got is head of untitled Asia the music promotion outfit that brought the Flaming Lips to Hong Kong its -- Demand right now -- people want to -- shows that. That is they say it seems happy can't see -- ", "Dan Abrams discusses the legal implications of alleged NSA leaker's evasion of U.S. authorities.", "trying to defect to  china , taking american As protestors in  hong kong  rallied to the cause about to defect to  china  with a trove of america's scrub of what his  china  connections are whether he had come to  hong kong  to defect to  china", "system sparking new concerns that he could be trying to defect to china , taking american secrets with him. Brian ross on this again tonight. Reporter: As protestors in hong kong rallied to the cause of edward snowden today, american authorities told abc news they fear he may be about to defect to china with a trove of america's most sensitive secrets. We're going to make sure there's a thorough scrub of what his china connections are. Reporter: Snowden himself was defensive when specifically asked by the guardian newspaper whether he had come to hong kong to defect to china ? We're not at war in an flikt and we're not trying to be. Reporter: He claims he has documents downloaded from the ", "with. Abc's gloria riviera is in  hong kong . Reporter: Reporter: Snowed sn not under police protection here in  hong kong . Snowden also makes new claims that all the way to the high court in  hong kong . And that could take years. Some ", "u.S. Government is now charging him with. Abc's gloria riviera is in hong kong . Reporter: Reporter: Snowed sn reported to be safe in a secret location, not under police protection here in hong kong . Snowden also makes new claims that the u.S. Hacked chinese telecom companies and a major university. But the question remains, why is snowden free, if the u.S. Wants him in custody? He has to be arrested here before formal extradition begins. The three charges he is facing in the u.S. Carry a maximum sentence of 10 years each behind bars. He can still seek asylum and the appeals process could lead all the way to the high court in hong kong . And that could take years. Some claimants are known to have resided in hong kong for ten years, fighting the proceedings. Reporter: Hong kong operates under its own legal system. But the chinese government in beijing maintains a degree of authority and could intervene behind the scenes or more publicly. It also depends on what more mr. Snowden has to say. What more secrets he would spill about the u.S. System. Reporter: The white house has said it expects hong kong will abide by expedition treaty law, for now the world is waiting to see how much longer snowden can keep u.S. Justice ", "believed to be hiding in  Hong Kong  and US prosecutors joins us live from  Hong Kong  good morning Gloria heightened drama here in  Hong Kong  where Edwards days extradition. Could reach  Hong Kong 's highest court unusual step by the by  China 's central government ", "the federal government's biggest secrets is still believed to be hiding in Hong Kong and US prosecutors want him back ABC's -- -- joins us live from Hong Kong good morning Gloria. Good morning there is heightened drama here in Hong Kong where Edwards -- days in hiding could be numbered. It is still believed the man the US has now charged with espionage and wanting custody is -- -- at a secret location somewhere in this vast city. But he could soon be forced out -- Hong Kong authorities can find him. US officials are asking Hong Kong police to arrest him. But officials here have been almost silent saying only that they will act in accordance with the law despite award for his arrest -- -- was still has options. He could flee if another country will take him. He could also seek asylum. That could trigger a legal process that could take months something years. Snowden is entitled to legal representation here for free one legislator tells me there is a scenario in which dozens appeal against extradition. Could reach Hong Kong's highest court. That could take five years or more. Without an unusual step by the by China's central government or Hong Kong he could still be some time before Edward Stone is back on US soil. For Good Morning America Gloria Riviera ABC news Hong Kong . ", "this was the government of  china  -- not a lot of freelancing in  china . The idea that the  hong kong  authorities did this independently it's quite that serious.  China  will move on,  hong kong  will move on. What were they ", "put out a powerful tweet this morning saying that by releasing snowden, china threw away the chance to invest in relations with the united states. China talked about a win-win relationship to be a model of relations between major powers of the day. And instead gone for a short-term game. Plus, whether china is prepared to enter into regulation for the international competition. You had no doubt this was the government of china -- not a lot of freelancing in china . The idea that the hong kong authorities did this independently. Inconceivable. Does this complicate it? Yes, but not ending it. I don't think it's quite that serious. China will move on, hong kong will move on. What were they supposed to do? They have domestic politics as well, especially in hong kong . Snowden created protests in that country. I think in effect china had to get rid of this guy, get rid of the problem. He might be here for a long time and that would complicate things. This is something the united states does every day. Working in china . And snowden, interviews, and documents released to the chinese press puts us in an uncomfortable position. I think domestically in the u.S., ", "fact middle east, iran. Plus, all sorts of issues in asia with china , and the domestic challenges at home. We don't want american foreign policy to be grabbed by events in syria. I agree with ", "on the move. Edward snowden left  hong kong . What went wrong. We'll talk government contractor who escaped to  hong kong  with a treasure-trove of america's pierre tho the u.S. Is working with  hong kong  to bring snowden to the united states ", "breaking news. America's number one fugitive on the move. Edward snowden left hong kong . What went wrong. We'll talk to the four-star general who runs the world's biggest intelligence service. They provided critical leads torevent 50 ", "the breaking news. Edward snowden, the 30-year-old government contractor who escaped to hong kong with a treasure-trove of america's top secrets is on the move. Landing in moscow on his way to venezuela seeking asylum. And the question for u.S. Officials, how did this fugitive slip away ag let's get to the latest with pierre tho the u.S. Is working with hong kong to bring snowden to the united states, but the hong kong government said today that the u.S. Request did not fully comply with hong kong law. What went wrong? Reporter: It's a game of cat and mouse, and the u.S. Lost this round. A senior u.S. Official said the u.S. Government was expecting a lengthy process. They were anticipating a lot of back and forth with hong kong authorities before nay got this resolved. Clearly he took full advantage of the fact that the wheels turn slow, he got out ", 'What do u.S. Officials say? How get out of hawaii and into hong kong and away again? A big issue here is the fact that when thrmation was taken, allegedly taken by snowden, there was no ']