["The Florida Gators' road woes continue. Adjusting to playing without forward Will Yeguete may be posing some problems too.The nation's best 3-point shooting team fou...", 'The eighth-ranked Florida Gators begin the 12 season with high execrations, and the lidlifter will take place this Out.Jackson State ran through the regular season i...', 'Freshman Michael Kidd-Gilchrist had 13 points and 13 rebounds and top-ranked Kentucky easily passed its toughest Southeastern Conference test to date with a 78-58 vi...', 'Florida may have found the answer to playing without versatile forward Will Yeguete.Patric Young had 21 points and nine rebounds, his best game in nearly three month...', 'The 10th-ranked Florida Gators invade the ranked Syracuse Orange .Florida has won its last four outings to improve to 5-1 on the young season. The lone loss came at ...', 'Kenny Boynton was part of a hot shooting night for No. 12 Florida, scoring 20 points as the Gators overcome 18 turnovers and beat Auburn 63-47 Tuesday night.Boynton ...', 'Clinging to second place in the SEC standings, ranked Florida Gators head to Athens to take on the Georgia Bulldogs in a conference clash at Stegeman Coliseum.Billy ...', 'Even though some of their thunder was stolen away just a few hours later on Friday, the Norfolk State Spartans still find themselves active in the 74th annual NCAA T...', "Between errant passes and rushed shots, it was clear early on that No. 25 Vanderbilt had no answer for Florida's press.The Commodores turned the ball over 17 times, ...", 'Florida  coach not sure what to expect from Walker or his team with regular season winding down', "Florida coach Billy Donovan isn't sure if his team is ready for a difficult finish to the regular season next week.If the Gators don't get better play from senior po...", "Cavaliers guard  Dion Waiters, forward Tyler Zeller honored among NBA's top rookies", 'Cavaliers guard Dion Waiters has been named to the NBA All-Rookie first team and forward/center Tyler Zeller to the second team.Waiters, the No. 4 overall selection ...', 'No. 8 Florida  comes out flat, falls to Tennessee 75-70 and snaps home-winning streak at 19', 'Florida coach Billy Donovan saw this coming.After a week of poor practices, including a day in which he brought his team back to try again, Donovan was hardly surpri...', 'Erving Walker scored 19 points, one of five starters in double figures, and No. 11 Florida overwhelmed Mississippi Valley State 82-54 on Monday night.Kenny Boynton (...', "Two of the nation's premiere programs tip off the season tonight on the U.S.S. Bataan in Jacksonville, as the 10th- ranked Florida Gators take on the Georgetown Hoya...", "Kentucky's Calipari downplays hype, insists reloaded team is not his typical building job", "Kentucky coach John Calipari sounds like an exasperated professor who just started teaching Chinese to a bunch of freshmen.Smart and talented they might be, but it's...", "The Washington Wizards didn't really need much bad news to start this NBA campaign.Sadly, they got it.John Wall, the cornerstone of the organization, will be sidelin...", 'The return of John Wall gave the Washington Wizards a major boost the last time out and they will shoot for a season high three straight wins Monday night versus the...', 'No player in the NBA wants to come forward and say, "I want to win the MVP, or the Most Improved Player" award.It\'s tacky. It\'s dotty. Just bad form as some would sa...', 'Where do you begin with the Washington Wizards?Their record is 0-9 for starters.Washington was destined for some hard times. Starting point guard and franchise corne...', 'The Oklahoma City Thunder hope to go 2-0 on this mini road trip Monday night when they head to the Verizon Center to take on the Washington Wizards.The Thunder start...']