['Radcliffe is at the festival promoting "Kill Your Darlings," about a murder that draws together the famous poets of the  beat generation . That\'s about as far from Hogwarts as you can get. 3. More Foo for you. Foo Fighters frontman Dave Grohl\'s documentary ', 'book their whole life," Stewart told The Associated Press, saying that she first read the defining novel of the postwar  beat generation  when she was 14. Fans flocked to the red carpet gala of the new movie to see Stewart, who wore a Zuhair Murad dress ', '1800s, it remained a largely recreational drug among poets and aristocrats, and had another surge of popularity among  beat generation  writers and artists of the 1950s. Nitrous Oxide Whip-Its Pose Risks, Police Say Today, however, nitrous oxide is largely ', 'gives birth to baby Gene. That movement was "a cultural resonance gripping the country," said Wilentz, as the \'50s  beat generation  gave way to folk singers like Dylan, who set the stage for hippies. With five episodes left before the close of the third ', 'The 50th anniversary of  Jack Kerouac \'s generation-defining novel "On the Road" is approaching Publishers is deliberately removing my name from books on the  beat generation  and  Jack Kerouac , deliberately keeping out references to me, my Kerouac ', "After 50 years of speculation, anticipation, and false starts, On the Road,  Jack Kerouac 's seminal novel about the  Beat Generation , is finally making its way toward the big screen, the BBC reports with one of this generation's ", "After 50 years of speculation, anticipation, and false starts, On the Road,  Jack Kerouac 's seminal novel about the  Beat Generation , is finally making its way toward the big screen, the BBC reports with one of this generation's ", "After 50 years of speculation, anticipation, and false starts, On the Road,  Jack Kerouac 's seminal novel about the  Beat Generation , is finally making its way toward the big screen, the BBC reports with one of this generation's ", "After 50 years of speculation, anticipation, and false starts, On the Road,  Jack Kerouac 's seminal novel about the  Beat Generation , is finally making its way toward the big screen, the BBC reports with one of this generation's ", "After 50 years of speculation, anticipation, and false starts, On the Road,  Jack Kerouac 's seminal novel about the  Beat Generation , is finally making its way toward the big screen, the BBC reports with one of this generation's ", "After 50 years of speculation, anticipation, and false starts, On the Road,  Jack Kerouac 's seminal novel about the  Beat Generation , is finally making its way toward the big screen, the BBC reports with one of this generation's ", 'That so that was something that that kept us back but also kept us on a line of you know we This is 1958596061. Is the  beat generation . that we were in a culture of of artistry. And that was a and Americans attached to that but being hired was kind of selling ', 'a line of you know we -- This is 1958596061. Is the beat generation . -- that -- we were in a culture of of artistry. And that was -- a -- -- -- and Americans attached ']