["wounding five. The blast occurred Sunday night during a  Buddhist  ceremony in Mandalay. The monk, Ashin Wirathu, is accused that country's minority Muslim community poses a threat to  Buddhist  culture. He was unharmed. A police officer who spoke anonymously ", "wounding five. The blast occurred Sunday night during a  Buddhist  ceremony in Mandalay. The monk, Ashin Wirathu, is accused that country's minority Muslim community poses a threat to  Buddhist  culture. He was unharmed. A police officer who spoke anonymously ", "pop stars David Bowie, Sade and talk show impresario Oprah Winfrey are among the more than 120 guests invited to Sunday's  Buddhist -inspired event. Zurich police spokeswoman Esther Surber says authorities are temporarily barring boats on Lake Zurich from ", 'put in place in the central part of the country after  Buddhist -led mobs went on a rampage, killing dozens of Muslims Muslim-owned gold shop March 20. Violence escalated after a  Buddhist monk  was killed near a mosque. At least 44 people were killed ', 'He is restraining his remarks and actions only because of the election." The ruling party\'s coalition partner, the  Buddhist -backed Komeito, opposes revising the pacifist elements of the constitution, but Abe could reach out to other sympathetic ', 'Hannes Friess told the news agency. Tina Turner Announces Her Retirement Turner, 73, and her new husband will also host a  Buddhist  water ceremony at their lakefront mansion, according to the report. The "Proud Mary" singer was married once before, to ', "Former Silicon Valley Venture Capital Partner Wants 'Justice' in Sex Discrimination Suit", 'has twisted the facts," saying the partner is a practicing  Buddhist  and the gift was given after Pao gave him a book and a Buddha as holiday gifts, "following discussions the two had about  Buddhism ." Pao\'s suit said that she believed "retaliation and gender ', '11, 1963, Thich Quang Duc, a  Buddhist monk , set himself on fire at a busy photographed this iconic image of the  Buddhist monk  sitting lotus style as he doused in 1964. Thich Quang Duc, a  Buddhist monk , burns himself to death on a ', 'followers spread primarily throughout China, Mongolia, India and the Himalayan mountain range.  Tibetan Buddhism  flows from the Theravada school of  Buddhism , the same denomination that is widely practiced in Myanmar, Thailand and much of Southeast ', "man who rarely smiles. That's because underneath all that energy and California optimism, there's an old, practical  Buddhist . This is all that can be done. We can tax the rich a tiny bit, if we do it right now and we show lots of ads of happy kids ", "patent. The edifice all  Tibetan Buddhist  and He. We've  Buddhist  belief in some respects So I found myself as  Tibetan Buddhist monk . Toward expense and purposes Do other aspect also of  Tibetan buddhism  the whole business the ", "that time. And within a few days enrolled in -- cools on buddhism . And on -- and began a process of study that. Quite literally not stopped since then. To such a points that I realize that if I really wanted to go and debt. In these studies in these practices the best. Way to do that would be to take monastic files which would narrow my interests. To buddhism . And I remained among quit in the Tibetan tradition for another five or six years both in India and then subsequently. In Switzerland. And I had all sorts of difficulties with Tibetan Buddhist -- -- Which led to a kind of in a crisis where I really had to choose between -- My Tibetan studies all going into traditions that make more emphasis on just formal meditation practice that's what I felt I was -- What was -- -- severe crisis. The source of my crisis woes that I could not accept some all of the primary doctrines that -- the patent. The edifice all Tibetan Buddhist and He. We've -- Buddhist belief in some respects particularly the doctrine of reincarnation. I could not believe I found it very hard to accept. So I found myself as -- Tibetan Buddhist monk . Toward expense and purposes a person who believed and physically manifested. A commitment to that tradition and yet I did not in my heart of halts. Believe some of the primary -- so that was strong. I would imagine a real struggle -- -- getting up every morning and -- these these elaborate prayers and you don't believe that. Essentially yes. Do other aspect also of Tibetan buddhism the whole business -- the press and the varieties and the country practices I really didn't that didn't fit with my temperament -- So food in my crisis has Tibetan buddhism Walt that -- -- A very almost visceral sense of the question of life itself in what is this -- what is ", "start thinking well maybe there is difficult. To. Your doubts about it. Tibetan Buddhist dogma were viewed. He's -- thought crimes. On a level right let's check on a level you know mother or robbery. You know the British called wrong view from view right wrong -- is bad news. So what -- to your mind does it mean to be a Buddhist without beliefs and -- that controversial in the world to buddhism . My buddhism is an entirely. Natural and I'm in -- -- this time problem experienced some. That I feel that this world this experience ", "He's a  Buddhist monk  with a taste for the good life and he is on the run hiding somewhere in the world. Likely with some posh surroundings. 33 year ", "He's a Buddhist monk with a taste for the good life and he is on the run hiding somewhere in the world. Likely with some posh ", "bow its he's. German record producer they had a civil ceremony in Zurich Switzerland last week they will take part in a  Buddhist  ceremony at that Lake home on Sunday she's. Apparently an invite. 120 guests including Oprah shot day David way to celebrate ", "ceremony in Zurich Switzerland last week they will take part in a Buddhist ceremony at that Lake -- home on Sunday she's. Apparently an invite. 120 guests including Oprah shot day David -- way to ", "apparently this has. Thailand's  Buddhist  in an uproar over greeted the decline records Allen's office of national  Buddhist buddhism  was now he's reprimanded the inappropriately. And not adhering to  Buddhist  teachings of simplicity. And being ", "your -- out how to fight. -- video look at this a Buddhist -- traveling at a private jet. Check them out -- electoral violence violent enjoying extravagance. Things like the monogram -- -- -- -- there was the stylish sunglasses apparently this has. Thailand's Buddhist in an uproar over -- greeted the decline of the cynicism. For these -- think they are. That's what the general records Allen's office of national Buddhist buddhism was now he's reprimanded the -- were acting inappropriately. And not adhering to Buddhist teachings of simplicity. And -- -- being paid today that he just headed Heidi might be -- but -- didn't. Slightly in ", "Shao Lin monastery. And they are the nine nights of  buddhism . Quiet composed. that on the exterior. It's awkward acupuncture is painless. Is line. Michael also got lots of  zen Buddhist  advice on how to approach sports and competition. One ", "remote. Shao Lin monastery. And they are the -- nine nights of buddhism . Quiet composed. -- that on the exterior. It's awkward dazzling skill and power. For fifteenth centuries the -- in monks have used ", 'because it is the spiritual. Tux touchstone of the  Buddhist  faith and bill where the managed to get ever taking here and the fortunate receive a blessing from a kind  Buddhist monk . To you long life. There. Really good The intensity ', '200000. Statues here and the fortunate receive a blessing from a kind Buddhist monk . To you long life. There. Really good -- The intensity of -- -- the mystical chanting. And you feel as if -- ', "with me to one of the best known  Buddhist  in the country Robert Thurman help change your life. He's a  Buddhist monk  and also a professor at Columbia toward India it is and conservative  buddhism  and very happy. But not really ", 'is not true. So that -- toward India it is and conservative buddhism and very happy. But not really its ability to get a symbolism is just a religion. But it -- really -- but ']