["commission offices. Beijing police did not respond to a request Wednesday to verify Wu's detention. New York-based  Human Rights  Watch said it is likely Wu's detention was political retribution for her past criticisms of the government.", "President Bashar Assad made his first appearance on state TV a day after a bomb killed some of his top lieutenants. Russia and  China  again vetoed a Western-backed U.N. resolution aimed at pressuring Assad's government to end the escalating civil war ", 'called into question the sincerity of  China \'s new leaders\' vows to scrub the Communist the latest instance, a reporter for  China \'s main state-run news agency on Wednesday measures to fight corruption," said  Human Rights  Watch researcher Maya Wang. "For calling based in the city of Xinyu in eastern  China , have been accused of illegal assembly ', "lawyer Xu Zhiyong has been detained after calling for the release of activists and campaigning against government abuses.  Human Rights  in  China  said Wednesday that police had also taken computers and mobile phones from Xu's Beijing home. A scanned detention notice ", 'government has wide-ranging concerns about the  human rights  situation, including Myanmar,  China , Iran, Iraq, Israel, Libya and Syria. According exporters sending arms to countries where  human rights  are a concern. The scale of the licenses ', "applies to people with disabilities. In  China , there is only a nascent public awareness abandon children with disabilities to  China 's chronically underfunded state orphanage system. Just days before the  Human Rights  Watch report was released,  China 's Education Ministry issued its own ", 'the 16th anniversary of the reunification of Hong Kong with  China . Often referred to as "the Return" or "the Handover building a democratic city," said Andrew Shum of Civil  Human Rights  Front, the group that organized the event, according to comment on the protests, activists continue to remain vocal on  China \'s version of Twitter. One user described the streets of ', 'Saturday night at an event hosted by the  China  National Petroleum Corp., her publicist since 2006 the leader of the country  Human Rights  Watch describes as "among the most celebrities who has also worked on  human rights  issues would agree to the tribute Thor Halvorssen, president of the  Human Rights  Foundation, wrote in a statement ', "communication deepens interdependence and helps  China . Xi gained just by showing up alongside it's much harder: He needs to warn  China  not to overreach without himself seeming bellicose. And it is hard to bring up  human rights  without a public component to shame the of the recent cyberattacks coming from  China  on United States targets are state-sponsored ", "everywhere-and for the future of  human rights . The complicated interaction between the United States and  China  will shape war and peace globally long-term effect of pressuring  China  toward  human rights  and democracy. The natural ground comply with international norms of  human rights  or other responsible behavior.  China 's natural allies are, as a result ", 'together," said Ho. Ho described a focused, intelligent and calm young man. As the circle around him grew to include  human rights  activists, WikiLeaks representatives and others, Ho said, Snowden kept his head and made his own decisions. Snowden stayed. According to his legal team, Snowden considered several final destinations. "He knew that if he sought asylum in  China  he would certainly be welcome but he won\'t do it," said Ho. "Because he knows he is in possession of valuable information ', 'computer whiz may be attempting to defect to  China  with a trove of America\'s most sensitive interview Wednesday with Hong Kong\'s South  China  Morning Post, Snowden said his country into computers in Hong Kong and [in  China ] for years." Rep. Mike Rogers, R-Mich countries who aren\'t even respecting basic  human rights , where both sides are slaughtering each ', "well known artist I way away. Known as  China 's Andy Warhol who helped design the bird's artist has transformed himself into one of  China 's most outspoken critics school. He lives under constant surveillance the man  China  wants silenced sat down exclusively with ", "was this man the well known artist I way away. Known as China's Andy Warhol who helped design the bird's nest. And -- -- a surprising thing he walked away. Boycotting the Olympics and accusing the Chinese Government using the games as propaganda. Since the Olympics the artist has transformed himself into one of China's most outspoken critics school. He has been beaten prosecuted even held in secret detention. Today he lives under constant surveillance the man China wants silenced sat down exclusively with us at his home in studio in an art district in Beijing. Every day you don't know. There could be enough yeah. At any moment he speaks fluent English and he wants lived in America but he's remarkably soft spoken. Outside his studio up and down the street our cameras put in place by Chinese authorities to watch his every move how many cameras all -- hammer us you know and -- you're here today. His Twitter feed is blocked in China but it is his weapon of choice. It was a heartbreaking earthquake that shook -- warned China in 2008. That spurred I would -- action. More than 68000. People died many of them children who shot -- rebuilt schools ", 'Communication. And later that puts on eight.  China  had huge great. Which is devastating Our thinking night for a few years  China  streets in a moment which for the social such as the freedom of speech on the  human rights  which used to be improved condition a very short and this Well not. Help  China  to become a modern society. So I think ', "-- and they don't like. Our thinking night for a few years China -- streets in a moment which for the social on the -- it would change. And humans through the past thirty years -- made. Great interest economic can be. On the beam -- mall come back to other recognized fire the international. Community but still we are still -- Communist society. The sum up basic values such as the freedom of speech on the human rights which used to be improved condition. And many people only because it's because -- -- called -- mind. It can be putting ", "forge a constructive relationship with  China  that advances our interests and our joining. Me meet with president of  China  this week. And finally Tom I'm personally south Sudan issues raised her voice for  human rights  including women's rights. Put simply partnerships on behalf of democracy and  human rights . Fighting the scourge of anti semitism ", "more. She supported an independent south Sudan issues raised her voice for human rights including women's rights. Put simply Susan exemplifies the finest tradition -- American diplomacy and leadership so thank you Susan for being want ", "For American interests and values building partnerships on behalf of democracy and human rights . Fighting the scourge of anti semitism in combat during combating. -- human trafficking. To those who care deeply about America's engagement and ", 'Including brave defenders of  human rights  dignity and rule of law. You to Brazil Russia India and  China . Combined. Second companies can stand up for justice and  human rights  and human dignity here at home right now come from places like  China . In any India so. If able ', 'the -- leaders accountable. A robust civil society. Including brave defenders of human rights -- -- dignity and rule of law. You have political parties that are competing vigorously but also transferring power peacefully. And forging ', 'Turkey to uphold the rule of law and good governance and  human rights  for all. Finally we spend a great deal of time on an road map from. Looking Geneva and beyond. Russia and  China  being part of this process. Is very important and does ', 'in Turkey to uphold the rule of law and good governance and human rights for all. Finally we spend a great deal of time on an issue that has -- the region the issue of Syria. ', 'Are you freer today than. Chairman square in protests in 1989. In his the same for most Chinese. And you continue to challenge the system. You chose a difficult path. Will  China  be. A democracy in your lifetime.', 'you continue to challenge the system. You chose a difficult path. Will China be. A democracy in your lifetime. -- ']