["Mitt Romney to ABC on Bernanke and Libya, Obama and Allies, An Obama v. Romney Fist Fight Poll?, Let's Print Some Dough! (PM Note)", 'Boxing Day  - Who would win an Obama/ Romney fist fight? - There is no difference in the opinion of likely and registered voters in Yahoo ', "well-known animal lover who won praise recently from animal rights activists for opting out of the royal family's  Boxing Day  pheasant shoot, is taking care of Lupo on her own while her prince is nearly 8,000 miles away on a six-week Royal ", "well-known animal lover; she recently won praise from animal rights activists for opting out of the royal family's  Boxing Day  pheasant shoot. The puppy, whose name isn't known, isn't the only gift Kate has received recently. Clarence House ", 'Segway scooter while filming a cricket match in his home country. Joe Previtera was cruising along the field filming the  Boxing Day  match between the Australian and Indian cricket teams for Australian Channel 9 when he failed to notice a spare helmet ', "where the royal family had celebrated Christmas and  Boxing Day  without him. The normally healthy and robust prince participating in the family's traditional pheasant hunt on  Boxing Day . As the prince recovers, it remains unclear if or how ", 'Sandringham went on as planned without Prince Philip, who remains in the hospital and is expected to miss the traditional  Boxing Day  pheasant shoot. But the royal family wanted everything to remain as normal as possible despite the health scare. The ', "Christmas at Sandringham, a 20,000 acre estate in eastern England. In a break from tradition, nonroyal Pippa Middleton, Kate's sister, has also been invited to take part in the royal family's  Boxing Day  pheasant shoot on Dec. 26.", 'Pippa, 27, to join the family for their traditional  Boxing Day  pheasant shoot on Dec. 26, an event normally reserved family members," following their attendance at the  Boxing Day  shoot. Adding to the holiday buzz surrounding the couple ', 'Pippa, 27, to join the family for their traditional  Boxing Day  pheasant shoot on Dec. 26, an event normally reserved family members," following their attendance at the  Boxing Day  shoot. Adding to the holiday buzz surrounding the couple ', 'holidays, 34% plan on buying presents post-holiday. All good things to those who wait: Consumers who head to the shops  Boxing Day  or later are going to be in for a pleasant surprise. While some retailers, who cut back on inventory this fall in order ', 'celebrate: Christmas Eve, Christmas Day and " Boxing Day ," Dec. 26.  Boxing day  is a term that dates to Victorian times when the Christmas arrives and then, later, dinner. On  Boxing Day  there\'s breakfast and lunch. The price of nearly ', 'whether to greet others with "Happy Holidays" or "Have a Merry Christmas-Hanukkah-Kwanzaa-New-Year\'s- Boxing - Day -and-Festivus." Let\'s get to the more important issues: What do you want? And what do you need to buy? If ', 'For many in Britain, the day after Christmas or  Boxing Day  as it is called means red coats, horses and foxes lobby group said up to 300,000 people took part in 300  Boxing Day  fox hunts across Britain, reinforcing its argument that ', "Kind of constant party and England about 200 hardy souls took plunge into the hey it's a  boxing day  tradition to raise money for charity as well as being a client to go to all that holiday", "about 200 hardy souls took -- plunge into the hey it's a boxing day tradition to raise money for charity as well as being a client to go to all that holiday -- ", "Like I really need to tell you that yodel and means it's time for the Yahoo! top five this is your peak at some of the most popular search is on line this week. Dvds of course there popular gift this time of year they even have gift guides on line something I didn't know well. The only guide you", 'important thing we now. Yet from dogs that are returned to their owners to returning guests on the day after Christmas  boxing day  gap about 10%. Of all gifts will be retiring this according from the Nash critics The National Retail Federation each ', 'returned to their owners to returning guests on the day after Christmas boxing day gap about 10%. Of all gifts will be retiring this according from the Nash critics The National Retail Federation each and that ', "Psychic but she's no Canada and the actual day of Christmas on the 25 to spend the next day. Which the brits called  boxing day  into the fast and tons. The papers can participate it sounds like perhaps for Kate have the will be a welcome breath ", 'on the 25 to spend the next day. Which the brits called boxing day into the -- fast and tons. The papers can participate -- it sounds like perhaps for Kate have the will be a ', 'Kate Middleton Participates in 1st Royal Christmas as Prince Philip Recovers Following Surgery', "of the family and heads the Christmas celebrations. He's anxious to be released today so he can at least the annual  boxing day  shoot. It's expected to go on with or without him. The question is will participate. Kate has been spotted practicing ", "to be released today so he can at least -- the annual boxing day shoot. It's expected to go on with or without him. The question is will -- participate. Kate has been spotted practicing her "]