["He's a  Buddhist monk  with a taste for the good life and he is on the run hiding somewhere in the world. Likely with some posh surroundings. 33 year ", "He's a Buddhist monk with a taste for the good life and he is on the run hiding somewhere in the world. Likely with some posh ", "bow its he's. German record producer they had a civil ceremony in Zurich Switzerland last week they will take part in a  Buddhist  ceremony at that Lake home on Sunday she's. Apparently an invite. 120 guests including Oprah shot day David way to celebrate ", "ceremony in Zurich Switzerland last week they will take part in a Buddhist ceremony at that Lake -- home on Sunday she's. Apparently an invite. 120 guests including Oprah shot day David -- way to ", "apparently this has. Thailand's  Buddhist  in an uproar over greeted the decline records Allen's office of national  Buddhist buddhism  was now he's reprimanded the inappropriately. And not adhering to  Buddhist  teachings of simplicity. And being ", "your -- out how to fight. -- video look at this a Buddhist -- traveling at a private jet. Check them out -- electoral violence violent enjoying extravagance. Things like the monogram -- -- -- -- there was the stylish sunglasses apparently this has. Thailand's Buddhist in an uproar over -- greeted the decline of the cynicism. For these -- think they are. That's what the general records Allen's office of national Buddhist buddhism was now he's reprimanded the -- were acting inappropriately. And not adhering to Buddhist teachings of simplicity. And -- -- being paid today that he just headed Heidi might be -- but -- didn't. Slightly in ", "Shao Lin monastery. And they are the nine nights of  buddhism . Quiet composed. that on the exterior. It's awkward acupuncture is painless. Is line. Michael also got lots of  zen Buddhist  advice on how to approach sports and competition. One ", "remote. Shao Lin monastery. And they are the -- nine nights of buddhism . Quiet composed. -- that on the exterior. It's awkward dazzling skill and power. For fifteenth centuries the -- in monks have used ", 'because it is the spiritual. Tux touchstone of the  Buddhist  faith and bill where the managed to get ever taking here and the fortunate receive a blessing from a kind  Buddhist monk . To you long life. There. Really good The intensity ', '200000. Statues here and the fortunate receive a blessing from a kind Buddhist monk . To you long life. There. Really good -- The intensity of -- -- the mystical chanting. And you feel as if -- ', "with me to one of the best known  Buddhist  in the country Robert Thurman help change your life. He's a  Buddhist monk  and also a professor at Columbia toward India it is and conservative  buddhism  and very happy. But not really ", 'is not true. So that -- toward India it is and conservative buddhism and very happy. But not really its ability to get a symbolism is just a religion. But it -- really -- but ', 'you to save that banana peel and the  Buddhist  monks who found Nirvana. 35000 feet self restraint so why are these Thai  Buddhist  monks living large at 35000 feet there Director General of the national office of  buddhism  in Thailand promised they will be given ', "the ideals of simplicity. And self restraint so why are these Thai Buddhist monks living large at 35000 feet -- there aviator shades and somebody's Louis Vuitton bag over there the -- -- reportedly on a religious tour of Europe. Scorn has been fixed since the video -- YouTube even the Director General of the national office of buddhism in Thailand promised they will be given a stern talking to. Just as soon as they get iPhone reception on -- -- ", 'wants you to save that banana and the  Buddhist  monks who found Nirvana. 35000. Feet self restraint so why are these Thai  Buddhist  monks living large at 35000 feet there Director General of the national office of  buddhism  in Thailand promised they will be given ', "the ideals of simplicity. And self restraint so why are these Thai Buddhist monks living large at 35000 feet -- there aviator shades and somebody's Louis Vuitton bag over there the -- -- reportedly on a religious tour of Europe. Scorn has been fixed since the video -- YouTube even the Director General of the national office of buddhism in Thailand promised they will be given a stern talking to. Just as soon as they get iPhone reception on -- -- ", "spiritual center of  tibetan buddhism , one of the world's weeksof teaching on  buddhism . Hundreds of pilgrims Where is heaven?  Buddhist  teacherdescribe christiansand buddhists For  buddhist , final goal is differentlifetimes. And in  buddhism , .. things ", "dalai lama, who is now 77, presides over two weeksof teaching on buddhism . Hundreds of pilgrims, listening to translationsin several languages, join throngs of tibetan monks for intensive,all-day sessions. (chanting) The dalai lama isthe world's foremost scholar in his very complex faith. Buddhists do not believein god, at least not in the waychristians do. But they do believesome kind of heaven exists. Where is heaven? Buddhist teacherdescribe ten direction. Ten directions. Ten directions-- east, south,and west, north, and above and--and below. (chanting) Ancin texts describe six uniquelynightmarish kinds of hell and six distinct levelsof heaven. Your holiness, describe the buddhist visionof heaven. Very happy, very pleasant. Is best place to further developmentof the spiritual practice. And that is where christiansand buddhists For buddhist , final goal is not justto reach there, but become buddha. Become buddha. So heaven is not a placeof permanence. It issort of a waiting place, not the end in itself. Yes, not the end buddhists believethat after we die, we are born again again, living many differentlifetimes. And in buddhism , .. things, you will be rebornto have a happier life. That's right. Well, if you are,let's say, a bad person. Mm-hmm. Ackas ", "story out of Arizona in in the retreat run by a wealthy  Buddhist monk  who claims she used the principles of yoga. And deep had made millions in the diamond business and become a  Buddhist  Right away teen's mother and sister say they were ", "out of Arizona in -- in the retreat run by a wealthy Buddhist monk who claims she used the principles of yoga. And deep meditation in the quest for enlightenment. But won't want -- -- spiritual ", 'Arias, 32, is on trial in Arizona for the murder of her ex-boyfriend, Travis Alexander.', "build the ego. And  buddhism  where a year and itself from the  Buddhist  point of view you first learning about  buddhism . Traveled to Thailand visit an old. A  Buddhist  teacher. And asked that's that's the  Buddhist  promise that awareness would say having  buddhism  in my life gave ", "Psychotherapy and buddhism . Are not an obvious mix after l.s second therapy is all but exploring the south and buddhism is all about your racing itself. However there is a shrink here in New York City doctor mark Epstein who has written a series of fascinating books about combining. Psychotherapy. And -- What you're trying to do is kind of tricky how do you bridge the gap between. Psychiatry or psychology. Where you explored itself and build the ego. And buddhism where a year and a sense in this may be overly strong trying to annihilate itself. What you don't have to annihilate itself from the Buddhist point of view you just have to investigate it and a few investigated you find that it doesn't exist in the way you thought that it is. So that exploring the self second dynamically exploring the self Buddhist lives you come upon the same thing which is itself has virulence of them the more you look for more you think ", "the death. I love the story when I was first learning about buddhism . Traveled to Thailand -- various friends and teachers of mind. And we went to visit an old. A Buddhist teacher. And asked him for some could give us a teaching you know we were -- hungry for teaching and He. He's ", "watching it will take some of the -- Yes that's that's the Buddhist promise that awareness itself is healing. That that's the part that you have to accept on faith a little bit at first in order to give. I would say having buddhism in my life gave me a chance to have my life. That that was actually my experience. I discovered it early. I ", "and there is no personal in  buddhism  that's going to save you honesty if you live in practice  buddhism . You could not have been having accompany food said why He embraces  Buddhist  faith and really reach enlightenment dismissive as dismissive of  buddhism  and not respecting what that ", "think He is the presumption is that He cannot find that in buddhism and and that buddhism his faith has not provided for him and that's not true and -- did say that in in the clip. He says objects and He noticed He doesn't again -- the principal forgiveness to christianity. Actually said if he'd accept Jesus then. In Jesus at -- DC area. Not a problem with that is there's a kernel of truth -- -- and there is no personal -- in buddhism that's going to save you. However it's based on compassion. In light management. It's based on reaching a certain wholeness -- -- -- -- honesty if you live in practice buddhism . You could not have been having a lifestyle of Tiger Woods -- his own faith could and in fact saved him. From ", "say that some -- from -- that was dismissive as dismissive of buddhism and not respecting what that faith. Even -- it's not the mystic -- right it's the provides map and it gets into ", "That could present a big round of the globe. Is there buddy  zen buddhism  but ever grow up loved. It is wonderful to see all of you. And I just wanna say welcome you've got brought the great whether ", "That could present a big round of the globe. Is there buddy zen buddhism but ever grow up loved. It is wonderful to see all of you. And I just wanna say welcome you've got brought ", "Zen Buddhist  temple in southern Japan even the dogs break copying his master a priest a one half year old named Conan joins in the daily prayers. It's it only a few days to learn emotions and now He is the talk of the town.", 'Zen Buddhist temple in southern Japan even the dogs break copying his master -- a priest a one half year old -- named Conan ', "weeks of teaching and  buddhism . Hundreds of pilgrims Kevin. described the  Buddhist  vision. Very happy buddhists disagree.  Buddhist  final goal is not Gere has studied  buddhism  for over forty years. Is a  Buddhist  view of pet. I don't ", 'is now 77. The sides of the two weeks of teaching and buddhism . Hundreds of pilgrims listening to translations in several languages. Joined throngs of Tibetan monks for intensive all day sessions. The Dali Lama ', "-- all. His longtime friend and -- actor Richard Gere has studied buddhism for over forty years. Is a Buddhist view of pet. I don't think necessarily -- and hell. Happens some -- life. I think it's right now. And we -- ", "opportunity to ask him about my own personal interest in  buddhism  especially in the  Buddhist  notion of in permanence. I was talking my wife guides and abilities the way of life by the ancient  Buddhist  scholar I'm embarrassed to admit I haven't ", 'this rare opportunity to ask him about my own personal interest in buddhism especially in the Buddhist notion of in permanence. I was talking my wife the other day. She said that she woke up the other morning feeling ', "mentioned leaning on his  Buddhist  faith and that's this path. For me is  buddhism . Which my mother taught the Christian dad a  Buddhist  mother and  buddhism  teaches redemption and He had a little  Buddhist  temple. In the corner ", "At one point Tiger Woods mentioned leaning on his Buddhist faith and that's be said someone -- -- in his life was there in the front row. There she lives front and center his mother 65 year old coty -- woods born in Thailand to a Chinese -- -- family. Part of following this path. For me is buddhism . Which my mother taught me at a young age it teaches me. To stop following every impulse and to learn restraint. Obviously. I lost track of what I was -- Well this thing about his mother his mother was the one who disciplined and the -- was the body. The dad was the kid around -- ESPN's Rick Reilly is known Tiger Woods since He was in high school. But the Christian dad a Buddhist mother and buddhism teaches redemption is restraint. Coming from within. I was in his room when He was in high school and He had a little Buddhist temple. In the corner a shrine as a war with offerings. But He also grew up Christian and for him to say. ", "eastern religions particularly  zen buddhism . And I have a quote apart from practices. Throughout not just only  buddhism  but in Islam particularly isn't studying at the practices of of a  Buddhist  in their own contemplative life ", "him into an interest in other contemplative practices. Throughout not just only buddhism but in Islam particularly -- isn't. In Judaism in Chinese philosophy. And religion religion was interested in practice. How one can you "]