['(CNN) -- For the first time in nearly 600 years, a reigning pope has resigned. And in what might also be a landmark event, Twitter was not flooded with jokes or parody accounts when the announcement was made two weeks ago.', 'On February 11 @davewiner tweeted, "Perfect storm for Pope jokes. Since he\'s not dead no one can complain \'You\'re being insensitive.\'"', 'But in the days that followed, not much surfaced. It was so odd that tweets like this were more common: "Did I miss the memo about no Pope jokes?" tweeted @NouveauBroke.', 'Although a parody account, @RetiredPopeXVI, did appear, it only has 577 followers and sent out a paltry five tweets.', 'That all changed on Thursday when Pope Benedict XVI slipped off his red loafers and officially became pope emeritus. Curiously, the Vatican also deleted all 39 of his tweets from the official @pontifex Twitter account. (They are archived here.)', 'On the first pastoral visit of his papacy, Pope Francis shunned protocol and politics on a visit to the tiny island of Lampedusa off the coast of Sicily.', 'On Easter Sunday, Pope Francis kisses and hugs disabled boy lifted up in the crowd.', 'With the new pope himself a trained scientist, could the timing could be right for a new era of cooperation between the Vatican and science?', "A new pope may be a positive development in many ways. CNN's Jim Bittermann reports on the economic effect he brings.", "Jake Tapper talks to Father Edward Beck about Pope Francis' vow to act against sex abuse within the Catholic Church.", 'Pope Francis has decided not to move into the papal apartment used by Benedict XVI and others before him.', 'Pope Francis leads his first Easter celebrations with a Mass marking Easter Sunday -- the holiest day in the Christian calendar.', "A disabled boy in St. Peter's Square was lifted into the arms of the pope. His mother describes the beautiful moment.", 'Pope Francis had lunch with predecessor, Pope Emeritus Benedict XVI -- the first such encounter in history of the Roman Catholic Church.', "He's the first Jesuit and the first Latin American in modern times to lead the world's 1.2 billion Catholics. But in some ways, he's just a normal guy. ", 'Pope Francis is being painted as a humble and simple man, but his past is tinged with controversy. ', "It was with a call for the protection of the weakest in society that Francis was officially inaugurated as the Catholic Church's 266th pontiff.", 'While all eyes were on Rome for the election of a new pope, for Catholics, the importance of the event went beyond an impressive spectacle.', 'Click through our gallery to see photos of the celebrations after a new pope was announced.', 'The election of a pope from Latin America shows the emerging influence of the region in the Catholic church and the world.', 'One of the first questions many people ask when they start a new job is: What type of car will I get? ', 'Jorge Bergoglio of Argentina is known as a humble man, a capable administrator and -- as expected of a new pope -- a man of great faith.', 'Catholic faithful from Latin America cheered the historic election of the first pope from the region Wednesday.', 'Cardinal Jorge Bergoglio of Argentina, the new pope, is breaking historic ground by choosing the name Francis.', 'St. Francis of Assisi, after whom Pope Francis has taken his name, captures the spirit of many Catholics.']