['that could roil Japan\'s famously staid corporate culture," says Andrew Ross Sorkin of The New York Times. Aggressive  deflation -fighting efforts by Prime Minister Abe and the Bank of Japan have sparked greater Wall Street interest in Japanese companies ', 'body weight after six months. Pryor said the balloons can be easily removed and the biggest risk seems to be unintentional  deflation . They are available in many parts of the world but the FDA has not yet approved them for use in the U.S. Morgan Liscinsky ', 'target of 2 percent within two years, heeding demands from Prime Minister Shinzo Abe to once and for all end a long spell of  deflation  that has hindered investment and economic growth. The recent moves led to a sharp decline in the value of the Yen against ', 'Reserve say there is little it can do to further stimulate the economy. "The key with Fed policy right now lies in preventing  deflation , but the markets have already backed Bernanke into a corner, in that not executing QE3 will increase deflationary risk ', "finish in more than three months, as the government forecast the country will soon emerge from its 15-year battle with  deflation . Hong Kong's Hang Seng added 0.8% to 20,116.07 and Australia's S&P/ASX 200 gained 0.9% to 4,370.10 ", "finish in more than three months, as the government forecast the country will soon emerge from its 15-year battle with  deflation . Hong Kong's Hang Seng added 0.8% to 20,116.07 and Australia's S&P/ASX 200 gained 0.9% to 4,370.10 ", "finish in more than three months, as the government forecast the country will soon emerge from its 15-year battle with  deflation . Hong Kong's Hang Seng added 0.8% to 20,116.07 and Australia's S&P/ASX 200 gained 0.9% to 4,370.10 ", "finish in more than three months, as the government forecast the country will soon emerge from its 15-year battle with  deflation . Hong Kong's Hang Seng added 0.8% to 20,116.07 and Australia's S&P/ASX 200 gained 0.9% to 4,370.10 ", 'credit of the U.S. government. There are still risks associated with owning TIPS, including rising interest rates and  deflation  in the case of owning individual bonds, or price fluctuations when owning a mutual fund of TIPS. And if you own the individual ', "they do not always match workers' experiences. Here, as in other manufacturing states, those changes may mean a permanent  deflation  of incomes and expectations. The skepticism has not stopped President Obama and Republican presidential challenger Mitt Romney ", 'data, things are worse, and it follows that the Fed is likely to attempt to do more to boost economic output and stave off  deflation  risk." While economic growth has continued at a "moderate rate so far this year" and "appears to be poised to continue ', 'depression across the world. And the first was-- monetary policy. The Fed did not ease monetary policy sufficiently. We had a  deflation  in the United States, prices were dropping at about 10% a year which is very unhealthy for an economy. And secondly the ', 'of A. Gary Shilling & Co. and author of "The Age of Deleveraging: Investment Strategies for a Decade of Slow Growth and  Deflation ," wrote in the third of a three-part opinion series for Bloomberg that Fannie Mae\'s Home Affordable Modification Program ', 'risks to economic performance. For example by raising the real cost of capital investment. Increases the risk of outright  deflation . Consequently we want monitor the situation closely as well. And we will act as needed to ensure that inflation moves back ', 'raising the real cost of capital investment. Increases the risk of outright deflation . Consequently we want monitor the situation closely as well. And we will act as needed to ensure that inflation moves back -- ', 'here with some tips and can prepare for  deflation . Rick Newman chief business correspondent happens over time. Is if if we have  deflation  general what happens is wages decline flexible and if it if we do get into  deflation  that even a 0% return is better than ', 'ways off but here with some tips and -- can prepare for deflation . -- Rick Newman chief business correspondent BS news and world report great to see again -- -- So -- hopefully have some ', "you're in debt what happens over time. Is if if we have deflation general what happens is wages decline so instead of getting maybe 3%. Raise every year you might see your income declined by ", 'it keeps you flexible and if it if we do get into deflation that even a 0% return is better than. The falling values and Mike and some other things and how much data hand ', 'Economists say He could be very bad they fear  deflation  but for long stretch of falling prices to a dangerous domino effect. That of  deflation  is a very real fear when an economy is over time crippling pain especially if  deflation  send. Which is the new concern among ', "might be bad. Economists say He could be very bad they fear deflation but for long stretch of falling prices could lead to a dangerous domino effect. That -- of deflation is a very real fear when an economy is contracting is rapidly as what we're seeing today and we're seeing price cuts ", 'bring big pain for retailers. And over time crippling pain especially if deflation -- -- send. Which is the new concern among so many economists Charlie David Muir reporting on this word that we just hearing more and more the word deflation . ', "worry economists. Are Bob which with his usual unusual way of explaining things. You may wonder what's so terrible about  deflation . Nothing prices dropping for food and clothing hair my hair Her hotel. From my life. Her around pretty good doesn't it ", "unusual way of explaining things. You may wonder what's so terrible about deflation . Nothing prices dropping for food and clothing hair my hair -- Her hotel. From my life. Her around pretty good doesn't it ", "Japan up to 2% now that's a low level for most parts of the world. It's actually a high level in Japan been plagued by  deflation  so it's essentially you know our Federal Reserve policies our 2009. Stimulus from the federal government. All combined ", "world. It's actually a high level in Japan -- been plagued by deflation so it's essentially you know our Federal Reserve policies our 2009. Stimulus from the federal government. All combined with very explicit targets. ", "level of economic growth that would engender some. Inflation out there basically they want to fight at all costs against  deflation  which is a steady decline. In the general price level which Japan has been trying to get for twenty years. There's always ", 'Inflation out there basically they want to fight at all costs against deflation which is a steady decline. In the general price level which Japan has been trying to get -- -- for twenty years. ', "been eating well now this is something that the Bank of Japan. Has really taken a massive undertaking they really want and  deflation  once and for all in their economy. So they're committed to a massive bond buying program and massive stimulus monetary ", "of Japan. Has really taken a massive undertaking they really want and deflation once and for all in their economy. So they're committed to a massive bond buying program and massive stimulus monetary stimulus program "]