['experience of a lifetime for our guests," Lavigne, 28, told Hello! The couple, who are both Canadian, chose July 1 -  Canada Day  - as their special day because it marks a year of dating. "It felt like fate was intervening," Kroeger said of meeting ', 'thwarted a planned mass casualty attack that would have taken place outside a government building in British Columbia on  Canada Day , a major holiday for that country. READ: Pressure Cooker Bomb Plot Thwarted in Canada', 'Lavigne, 28, told Hello! magazine . The Nickelback singer, 38, and Lavigne, who are both Canadian, chose the day -  Canada Day  - because it marks a year of dating. "It felt like fate was intervening," Kroeger told the magazine of meeting Lavigne ', 'public location in the city of Victoria in British Columbia for the purpose of causing death or serious bodily injuries on  Canada Day ," according to Royal Canadian Mounted Police Assistant Commissioner James Malizia. "These individuals were inspired ', 'Cirque du Soleil Performer Killed A high-wire performer with Cirque du Soleil died after falling 50 feet during a performance of "KA" at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas. Acrobat Sarah Guyard, 31, who was an original member of the "KA" cast, fell after a wire suspending her reportedly snapped Saturday', "festive events coming up in July, including one for travelers. There's the Fourth of July of course, along with  Canada Day , Bastille Day and lesser-known celebrations like National Ice Cream Day (July 21) and National Nude Day (no, I ", "Canada may be young, but it has an awful lot to brag about. The country, which turns 145 Sunday, leads the G7 nations in safety, opportunities and overall quality of life, according to the government's website . Factor in the friendly people and beautiful backdrop; you have a great place to live,", 'Weekly Look Ahead: Michael Jackson Death Anniversary, Rielle Hunter and Canada Day ', "generation. Click here for ABC News' Tech full coverage Sunday, July 1:  Canada Day  Today is the official holiday marking the formation of Canada into a single expatriates living in the United States. Click here for a video on last year's  Canada Day", 'moment they touched down in Canada, the duke and duchess were touchy feely. William guided Middleton through crowds on  Canada Day  with his hand on her back. Later, while sitting, she rested her hand on his leg. Those seemed like small gestures ', "Kate Middleton's Travel Style: You Don't Have to Be a Royal to Dress Like a Princess", "and perfect for summer. Cream Wrap Dress To celebrate  Canada Day , Middleton transformed the nation's colors, red and Dress Middleton upped the glam factor later in the day on  Canada Day , changing into a long-sleeved purple dress by Issa ", 'Onlookers watched Prince William and Kate Middleton in awe Wednesday as the newlyweds spent what was supposed to be a day off, lifting spirits in the fire-ravaged town of Slave Lake in Alberta, Canada. Even though the northern community was not on the official itinerary, the royal couple hoped to', 'seen wearing two to three outfits a day, she hasn\'t made a big show of it, even wearing the same blue dress during a  Canada Day  ceremony that she wore in her royal engagement photo. "[Kate] did not want to bring a stylist out here, she\'s ', 'Security has been heightened in the US after Canadian police arrested two for alleged terror plan.', "In avril fashion, she chose a black gown for the occasion. It turns out the canadian couple waited to get married on  canada day . And they didn't let their destination wedding stray too far from the canadian roots. Even choosing red and white ", "occasion. It turns out the canadian couple waited to get married on canada day . And they didn't let their destination wedding stray too far from the canadian roots. Even choosing red and white themed decorations. The ", "Just saying it breaks my diet. sense improve and implement this. Now  Canada day  on Sunday. Sunday he noted that in National Anthem O Canada again you All men made me. On that right hand. With ABC news I'm Katie happy  Canada day .", 'sense improve and implement this. -- -- -- -- -- Now -- Canada day on Sunday. -- -- -- Sunday he noted that in National Anthem O Canada again you know I illuminated land that yet ', 'country did his thoughts. He traded up that says a young pilots during the Second World War the duchess and. Raced  Canada day  wearing a red maple leaf hat and a white dress the same one she wore for her engagement portrait. The diamond maple ', 'a young pilots during the Second World War the duchess and. Raced Canada day wearing a red maple leaf hat and a white dress the same one she wore for her engagement portrait. The diamond maple ', 'it with the diamond encrusted maple leaf approach on loan from the queen accompanied by a maple leaf hat to celebrate  Canada day . People lined the streets just to get a glimpse of William and Kate estimates range from 300000. To half a million ', 'loan from the queen accompanied by a maple leaf hat to celebrate Canada day . People lined the streets just to get a glimpse of William and Kate estimates range from 300000. To half a million people. ', 'And in  Canada day  in court for the man accused of killing a Chinese exchange student as her helpless boyfriend witnessed part of the attack on web ', 'And in Canada day in court for the man accused of killing a Chinese exchange student as her helpless boyfriend witnessed part of the attack on ', "All right we don't think we've run out of time here on papers but I this time to focus Kennedy's Friday and it is  Canada day  with a winning a as they have. Friday you know we're in the US sort of glad to the and the. Fireworks light up the ", "but I -- this time to focus Kennedy's Friday and it is Canada day -- with a winning a -- as they have. Friday you know we're in the US sort of glad to -- the "]