["coordinate with lawmakers on setting penalties against nations that seek to help Snowden avoid extradition to the United States.  Venezuela , Bolivia and Nicaragua have offered Snowden asylum since he revealed details of the U.S. government's massive surveillance ", "in Russia. In a meeting with human rights activists two weeks ago, Snowden reportedly said he eventually wanted to visit  Venezuela , Bolivia and Nicaragua, all of which have offered him asylum. But Kucherena cast doubt on those intentions after Wednesday's ", "this date: In 1783, Latin American revolutionary Simon Bolivar (see-MOHN' boh-LEE'-vahr) was born in  Caracas ,  Venezuela . In 1862, Martin Van Buren, the eighth president of the United States, and the first to have been born a U ", 'single day in the biggest blow to the military since peace talks began in November. Santos traveled to Arauca state on the  Venezuelan  border, where 15 members of an army battalion that guards oil facilities were killed in an ambush Saturday. The other four ', 'Venezuela  says it\'s ending talks confirmation hearings Wednesday that  Venezuela  is guilty of a "crackdown Those prospects dimmed after  Venezuelan  President Nicolas Maduro action if Snowden wound up in  Venezuelan  hands.', "Colombian military base is located, then attempted land travel to Puerto Inirida, capital of the eastern state of Guainia on  Venezuela 's border. Guatibonza said Sutay wouldn't heed the advice of hotel workers to fly to Puerto Inirida so they notified the ", "Colombian military base is located, then attempted land travel to Puerto Inirida, capital of the eastern state of Guainia on  Venezuela 's border. Guatibonza said Sutay wouldn't heed the advice of hotel workers to fly to Puerto Inirida so they notified the ", 'Venezuela  says it\'s ending talks confirmation hearings Wednesday that  Venezuela  is guilty of a "crackdown Those prospects dimmed after  Venezuelan  President Nicolas Maduro action if Snowden wound up in  Venezuelan  hands.', "Venezuelan  President Nicolas Maduro Power's statement that  Venezuela , along with Cuban, Iran raised for improved U.S.- Venezuelan  ties in June when U.S of State John Kerry and  Venezuelan  Foreign Minister Elias Jaua ", "as part of anti-drug operation. Six more people were arrested in  Venezuela . A police statement said British citizen Brian Collin Charrington Spain while Charrington's girlfriend was among six people arrested in  Venezuela .", "Venezuelan  President Nicolas Maduro and his longtime companion, former Attorney General The two wedded in a ceremony presided over by the ruling socialists'  Caracas  mayor, Jorge Rodriguez. Maduro tweeted photos. Maduro and Flores have ", 'because he did not feel he could safely travel to asylum offers in Latin America. There are no direct flights from Moscow to  Venezuela , Bolivia, or Nicaragua and the United States has pressured countries along his route to hand him over. Kucherena said Snowden ', 'with curtains covering the door and windows. On one wall was a picture of former Cuban President Fidel Castro and the late  Venezuelan  President Hugo Chavez shaking hands, along with a small portrait of Cuban revolutionary Che Guevara. Gonzalez was dressed ', "be able to Moscow and find asylum in  Venezuela  or Nicaragua but Kenny make it to either airport for nearly two weeks. But now  Venezuela  other countries are preparing to throw Can he get there. On Friday night  Venezuela 's president offered him political asylum ", "he may now be able to -- Moscow and find asylum in Venezuela or Nicaragua but Kenny make it to either country without avoiding US extradition. ABC's -- -- is following the developments for us from Moscow. Good morning Edwards who has been stuck here in Boston -- -- airport for nearly two weeks. But now Venezuela other countries are preparing to throw him a lifeline. The question is. Can he get there. On Friday night Venezuela's president offered him political asylum. That after the president of Nicaragua and Bolivia suggested that they were willing to do the same ", "After two weeks at the Moscow airport tonight Snowden has a lifeline. A new asylum offer from Bolivia joining those from  Venezuela  and Nicaragua overnight. But how can he get there from here. Finding a safe route from Moscow to Latin America won't be ", "lifeline. A new asylum offer -- -- from Bolivia joining those from Venezuela and Nicaragua overnight. But how can he get there from here. Finding a safe route from Moscow to Latin America won't be ", "truly mean what I say I think the  Venezuelan  government for that. a passionate filmmaker. He has some  Venezuelan  friends and made a decision in the there. During. A critical time in  Venezuela 's history. To make a film to make ", "being. And down I truly mean what I say I think the Venezuelan government for that. -- a passionate filmmaker. He has some Venezuelan friends and made a decision in the months. Layden 20122. To go there. During. A critical time in Venezuela's history. To make a film to make documentary film beyond that. My understanding it's always been that it was -- Neutral film. ", 'Students in  Caracas ,  Venezuela  were attacked on Monday by government supporters.', "they're green menace slant eyes grief the powers that be in  Venezuela  where ready for this is what this wasn't a shock. So when at 2 o'clock in the afternoon because we respecting the  Venezuelan  government to talk about DC should. Timing and doesn't ", "green menace slant eyes grief -- -- the powers that be in Venezuela where -- ready for this is what this wasn't a shock. So when I want to see is how the opposition. Can ", "be able to Moscow and find asylum in  Venezuela  or Nicaragua but Kenny make it to either airport for nearly two weeks. But now  Venezuela 's other countries are preparing to is can he get there. On Friday night  Venezuela 's president offered him political asylum ", "he may now be able to -- Moscow and find asylum in Venezuela or Nicaragua but Kenny make it to either country without avoiding US extradition. -- ABC's -- -- is following the developments for us from Moscow. Good morning Edwards who has been stuck hearing loss this year -- into that airport for nearly two weeks. But now Venezuela's other countries are preparing to throw him a lifeline. The question is can he get there. On Friday night Venezuela's president offered him political asylum. That after the president of Nicaragua and Bolivia suggested that they were willing to do the same ", "snowden makes his move out of the moscow airport. Diplomats in  venezuela  and russia, saying they've received his request for asylum recorded. Reporter: Snowden most likely passed out of russia to  venezuela , via the five-time-a-week flight to cuba. That flight ", "30-year-old snowden makes his move out of the moscow airport. Diplomats in venezuela and russia, saying they've received his request for asylum. And it's up to him to choose a flight plan. This morning, snowden ", 'friendship is recorded. Reporter: Snowden most likely passed out of russia to venezuela , via the five-time-a-week flight to cuba. That flight left about an hour ago. And he was not on it, according to the ']