["balance of power. It gives  China  the means, opportunity between the United States and  China , Taiwan is the scariest elected in the future, and  Chinese  leaders wanted to shore up leadership with close ties to the  People ' s Liberation Army  could send a new aircraft power in a fundamental way,  China  does not need to reach military ", 'searched terms on Weibo,  China \'s online search engine outshining him. As one joke in  China  goes, "Who is Xi Jinping of the most recognizable  Chinese  stars alive today: a superstar propaganda singer in the  People \' s Liberation Army .  China \'s First Lady Bringing Her ', 'said. Donilon called for  China \'s government "should pose a risk to U.S.- China  relations and international companies to a group linked to  China \'s  People \' s Liberation Army . READ: Report Fingers  Chinese  Military Unit in US Hack ', 'steal your identity, to nation states like  China  who are investing billions hiring thousands. STEPHANOPOULOS: You believe that  Chinese  -- the  Chinese  government, the  Chinese  military is behind this? ROGERS: Beyond a ', "Square massacre, but in  China  any mention of that day remains book is banned in mainland  China . After the death of pro-reform 1989, students from many  Chinese  universities gathered in military forces from the  People ' s Liberation Army  took drastic action on June tear gas, and gunfire. The  PLA  forces opened fire into the of unarmed civilians. The  Chinese  government has never released ", " The  Chinese  military inspires wonder in this day and age when  China  and the United States engage rights. Today, though, the  Chinese  military is inspiring videotape purports to show a  People ' s Liberation Army  training exercise. A half grenade explodes, with six  Chinese  soldiers safely on their ", "leaders who operate independently. NORTH KOREAN TV ANCHOR  China 's CCTV secured an exclusive for its New Year's show minute-long piece of videotape that purports to show a  People ' s Liberation Army  training exercise. A half dozen soldiers toss a live explosive ", 'T-50, along with  China \'s secretive stealth development by Russia and  China . Russian Commander the new Russian and  Chinese  fighters, Defense nations like Russia and  China . At the time, Gates For their part, the  Chinese  said their jet, while to the U.S. "The  People \' s Liberation Army  has no ability, and ', '" China \'s grand goal in the 21st a senior colonel in the  People \' s Liberation Army , in a new book titled " China \'s Dream." For those watching three generations of great  Chinese  leaders, from Sun Yat Sen sentiment shared by many  Chinese . Colonel Liu, a professor tasked with training senior  PLA  officers -- urges  China', 'Milky Way"), the  Chinese  claim they will be the first rival to the superpower.  China  is bursting with self-confidence focused on their own problems ,  China  is expanding its influence resource-rich African countries .  China \'s leaders are challenging in the party organ of the  People \' s Liberation Army , Air Force General Xu Qiliang ', "China  celebrated 60 years of Communist floats designed to showcase  China 's achievements. No detail bright and sunny after the  People ' s Liberation Army  ( PLA ) conducted its largest ever of weapons -- all made in  China  -- including intercontinental President Hu Jintao rode in his  Chinese -made, open-top limousine ", "China  broke ground on its fourth space center center as a major stride forward for  China 's military-backed space program 200 hectares) needed for the base.  China  is just the third country after Russia that relationship, Chang Wanquan, a  People ' s Liberation Army  general who sits on the ruling Communist ", "invisible war.  China , unleashing Reporter: The  chinese people ' s liberation army  is the biggest operation run by the  chinese people ' s liberation army  targeting a broad espionage targets the  chinese  army hackers ", "veil on a kind of invisible war. China unleashing its full spy power on american power grids and the wealth of american manufacturing. A new report even locates this building in shanghai. It doesn't look threatening, but what are they doing inside? And what does it mean for americ america's national security? Here's abc's brian ross. Reporter: The chinese people's liberation army is the biggest military force in the world, with more than 2 million soldiers. But it is the thousand or so in this nondescript building in shanghai that may pose the biggest threat to the u.S. This is the headquarters of the army's secretive unit number 61398, where, according to the new report today by the mandiant security firm, english-speaking computer experts spend their days stealing secrets from u.S. Companies and hacking into government sites. This is an espionage operation run by the chinese people's liberation army targeting a broad swath of western organizations. Reporter: Among the most troubling targets, american inf infrastructure sites, including water treatment plants, transportation control centers, pipelines and power grids. It's costing, according to u.S. Intelligence, hundreds of billions of dollars and thousands of u.S. Jobs every year. Reporter: Among the many corporate espionage targets the chinese army hackers, according to u.S. Officials, lockheed martin, the country's largest defense contractor, and the maker of the f-35 jet fighter. U.S. Officials say, not surprisingly, the chinese version of the plane has some distinct similarities. The only reason anybody would want to get into that control system would be so that I they wanted to, some day, they could cause planes to crash. Reporter: The white house today confirmed this severity, though not the details, of the chinese cyber espionage. We have repeatedly raised our concerns about cyber theft with chinese officials. Reporter: But why that remains in denial, according to abc's gloria riviera in japan. Reporter: Chinese military say they do not support hacking activity. But when a bbc news team tried to film the building, military personnel confiscated the footage. Reporter: Of course, the u.S. Is believed to be doing its own cyber attacks on iran and its nuclear program, but officials say it is different than the economic espionage china is conducting and president obama has ordered government agencies to help american companies spot and deter hackers from that secret army building ", "Not present landing in  China . A couple of hours ago beginning of his visit to  China . Morning when you answer better indication of important  Chinese  relationship. This is that body. And the group the  People ' s Liberation Army  we don't know yet what about. Together anywhere in  China . But most red army. That's ", "her. -- -- the ceremonial point. Not present -- -- landing in China . A couple of hours ago. Net and readers briefly there Beckham play it and it is still a historic moment -- that this is the official beginning of his visit to China . Morning when you answer to a number of questions bit -- -- very shortly we will -- we're creating the president. I'm a better indication of important Chinese -- relationship. This is that a strange kind of -- it is not even as we pulled because. That is the state ", 'far. Think would be correct and the citizens. The plane picked up. Chinese -- Where it came in yesterday. -- -- -- -- -- Self propelled step -- We ', 'propelled step -- We ever get confidence and of the group of Chinese leaders will greet the president -- -- -- but it rarely says Chinese leaders. Evocative -- -- thought I will be there. Port area around the airport. Pretty flat with the treatment entry. Very of ', "sentence belongs to the  PLA . The  People ' s Liberation Army . but hospital three hours as terrorists given the  Chinese  government's denial that prisoners. And we asked to  Chinese  dissidents to carry a hidden First she said doctors in  China  took her blood and tissue business venture with the  Chinese  army. He and help to run ", "hospital which as the sign outside an English sentence belongs to the PLA . The People's Liberation Army -- but -- -- hospital three hours north of Hong Kong. We came here as terrorists given the Chinese government's denial that it's in the business of selling the organs of executed prisoners. And we asked to Chinese dissidents to carry a hidden camera -- -- This is the heart of the military's kidney business and elaborate medical complex. Brewer ", "you think the government of  China  is behind. Any of these thought to have originated in  China . Well there are individual individual units within the  People ' s Liberation Army . We're no doubt behind you have to say that the  Chinese  Government. Is is part of pervasiveness. And the reach. That  China  has in terms of the whole ", "made at that debate how much do you think the government of China is behind. Any of these cyber attacks on the US debt are thought to have originated in China . Well there are individual. Universities. Behind some of the cyber attacks. And there are some individual units within the People's Liberation Army . We're no doubt behind certain attacks. And because of that you have to say that the Chinese Government. Is is part of the overall planning the development of technology. And maybe even -- targeting list. Which gives me deep concerns about where this goes in the pervasiveness. And the reach. That China has in terms of the whole cyber warfare side. And it's one that we need to respond to. But we need to ", "the opening ceremonies.  China  was granted the privilege allow full access to all of  China  that includes Tibet to the people's armed police of the  People ' s Liberation Army . And this is in violation of  China 's sworn agreements to the means something to you if the  Chinese  with the Dalai Lama called ", "ambassador to India. And I learned that the true story of the Chinese Communist occupation of Tibet the one point six million Tibetans killed over 6000 monasteries -- The ongoing torture and incarceration. Particularly of the Buddhist clergy. So it has become a mission for me the and I feel it's very important now that China . It it is about to host the Olympic Games and there is information coming out of Tibet. That is very worrisome over ", "possible. I'm of -- this mom and if breathing had been against Chinese it is against the principles buddhism and -- -- who also could prevent me from. Attaining enlightenment -- -- don't have -- -- -- against Chinese but I understand that certain Tibetan even monks now. Are calling for violence because they've reached a point where they say there's ", "Absolutely and -- constantly for calling for boycott of the opening ceremonies. China was granted the privilege of hosting the Olympic Games on conditions that it would improve its human rights record. And that allow full access to all of China that includes Tibet to the international community. Tibet is under de facto martial law knowing who's going into Tibet except the people's armed police of the People's Liberation Army . And this is in violation of China's sworn agreements to the International Olympic Committee. And to address the question also violence you know the Tibetans are just people to and you can only take so much before you snap especially young people. Who have seen their parents -- and -- their parents killed. -- this is -- monks mowed down in the streets with machine guns alone would you propose. Why would propose that China would sit down for meaningful talks directly with the Dalai -- and that's starting today with his emissaries this thing going on for years He has gotten nowhere China promises and it doesn't deliver -- need to -- -- with the Dalai Lama himself. But that means something to you if the Chinese -- with the Dalai Lama called name to a nineteen mighty. I think it'll be good if the Chinese side -- directing the Dalai Lama -- but I don't think that it'll happen. It is economists that I Lama has always said that -- -- get meaningful autonomy from the Chinese we have been included Cyprus signed with the Chinese but I think -- and deliberately. Avoiding this thing that happens and some Jews who -- this. More if people want to ", "Hong Kong's handover to  China . ABC's mark on an extraordinary decade of change. The  Chinese  president bursting with pride Hong Kong garrison of the  People ' s Liberation Army . Parked in the day that hardline Communist receipt.  Chinese  troops crossing the border Hong Kong man. But so far  China  has kept its promise that ", "Hong Kong today. Celebrating the tenth anniversary of Hong Kong's handover to China . ABC's mark -- on an extraordinary decade of change. The Chinese president bursting with pride reviewing the Hong Kong garrison of the People's Liberation Army . Parked in the day that this former British colony returned to the embrace of the motherland it. And embrace that's been -- softly softly as the Chinese call it. Most Hong Kong people had to agree on the celebration was in a war. There was even a special anniversary ", "of gaining independence. Hall was being handed over -- hardline Communist receipt. Chinese troops crossing the border just as the British left. Fear and uncertainty were powerful. Only a few years before Beijing had violently crushed pro democracy demonstrations in Tiananmen square. What hope -- the people of Hong Kong man. But so far China has kept its promise that Hong Kong can pretty much run its own affairs for at least fifty years. -- Hong Kong people it turns out haven't lost any freedoms that all. Even today thousands were in the streets calling for greater democracy in Hong Kong protests that would be banned in Beijing or no problem here. And there's been no interference with Hong Kong's freewheeling capitalist ways either. The -- that Hong Kong might become just another Communist Chinese city never materialized. If anything Chinese cities today now look and feel a lot more like home -- I think they wanted to work. -- that's it's not ", "Kong's handover to  China  ABC's mark an extraordinary decade of change. The  Chinese  president bursting Kong garrison of the  People ' s Liberation Army . in the day that this softly softly as the  Chinese  call it. Most Hong Hardline Communist  Chinese  troops crossing the Hong Kong But so far  China  has kept its promise ", "Hong Kong today. Celebrating the tenth anniversary of Hong Kong's handover to China ABC's mark -- -- -- an extraordinary decade of change. The Chinese president bursting with pride reviewing the Hong Kong garrison of the People's Liberation Army . -- in the day that this former British colony returned to the embrace of the motherland it. And embrace that bins -- softly softly as the Chinese call it. Most Hong Kong people had to agree the celebration was in a war. There was even a special anniversary gift ", "Instead of gaining independence. Hall was being handed over. Hardline Communist -- Chinese troops crossing the border just as the British left. Fear and uncertainty were powerful. Only a few years before Beijing had finally crushed pro democracy demonstrations in Tiananmen square. What hope -- the people of Hong Kong -- But so far China has kept its promise that Hong Kong can pretty much run its own affairs for at least fifty years. Hong Kong people it turns out haven't lost any freedoms -- all. Even today. Thousands were in the streets calling for greater democracy in Hong Kong. Protests that would be banned in Beijing or no problem here and there's been no interference with Hong -- Freewheeling capitalist ways either. The -- that Hong Kong might become just another Communist Chinese city never materialized. If anything Chinese cities today now look and feel a lot more like home call. I think they want it to work. More it's it's "]