['someone found your camera.\'" Scallen said she spoke to Cheng via Skype on Tuesday, and he told her he found the camera on  Chinese New Year , which marked a special day in his culture. "It was really cool, we spoke about 45 minutes, and we discussed how he ', "of celebrations over the past 73 days included: - Christmas - Kwanzaa - New Year's Day - Martin Luther King Jr. Day -  Chinese New Year  - Valentine's Day - President's Day Award Ceremonies Hollywood's awards season kicked off in January with the Golden ", 'travel can be stressful these days, and missing a flight gut-wrenching and, sometimes, even rage-inducing. As the  Chinese New Year  national holidays were winding down Feb. 19, one Chinese official, traveling with his family, missed his flight and ', 'on the last day of the Spring Festival holiday, marking the  Lunar New Year , at a temple fair in a park in Beijing, China, Feb. 15, 2013. China is celebrating the  Lunar New Year  of the Snake, according to the traditional twelve year zodiac ', "Chinese  Lunar New Year  and Valentine's Day in China. With the  Chinese New Year  approaching, the whole Valentine's Day to Chinese  Lunar New Year  this year has given to bring home for the  Lunar New Year  are wealthy women around ", 'Beijing. Travel has been disrupted with more than 100 flights cancelled, at a time when millions start the journey home for  Chinese New Year . The air is so bad that wealthy Chinese entrepreneur, Chen Guangbiao, is selling fresh air in soft drinks cans, similar ', 'Faction" would greet visitors with "Ni Hao" or "Hello," followed immediately with a "Gong Xi Fa Cai," a traditional  Chinese New Year  blessing wishing one prosperity. They were also known to serenade visitors with the Chinese folk song "Oh Little Swallow ', 'on Feb. 6, 2012, marks the 15th and final day of the Spring Festival, the annual celebration of the beginning of the  Lunar New Year .(Alexander F. Yuan/AP Photo) Myanmar Muslim men sit outside shops near a mosque in downtown Yangon, Feb. 3, 2012 ', 'civilian visitors. (Narinder Nanu/AFP/Getty Images) Thousands of people visit a lantern festival to celebrate the  Chinese New Year  of the Dragon in Shanghai, Jan. 23, 2012. (Peter Parks/AFP/Getty Images) Members of the parliament stand and pray ', 'on his shoes as he awaited the start of an event in the state. BUFFET SINGS IN THE  CHINESE NEW YEAR  Must-see TV: Warren Buffet rings in the  Chinese New Year ...with his rendition of "I\'ve been working on the railroad". CROSSING ANTARCTICA ', 'Monday is  Chinese New Year  , and it marks the beginning of the year of the dragon, which only comes around every 12 years. In Chinese culture, it is considered ', "success is well but. It wasn't rock and American folk that he on Chinese TV is part of a special production to celebrate the  Lunar New Year . He also accompanied himself. Yet on the ukulele. man you may sound a little far enough into. Ball. I've. I'm way ", "on Chinese TV is part of a special production to celebrate the Lunar New Year . He also accompanied himself. Yet on the ukulele. -- man -- you may sound a little far enough into. -- Ball. I've. ", "she does not celebrate  Chinese New Year  so I'll have to filler one is just straight up  Chinese New Year  again as you mentioned It's actually the  Lunar New Year  and it's not just the  Chinese New Year  it's for many Asian ", "marks the first day of the lunar year also known as the Chinese New Year . It's followed by fifteen days of celebration at pierce many -- Are curious about the festivities marking the beginning of the year of the pig. And -- all heading to the web to find out more. Joining us from LA with a tally on the top Chinese New Year search this is -- as editor Alan. My understanding I'm doing pretty good now I actually was born in the year the horse we are now in the year -- the -- and this isn't just any special year what was -- number five on this. I think we'll get. Number five is simply Chinese New Year greetings -- searchers are looking for the correct. Greetings to give their friends and I just wanna be -- first to tell ", "families I even get on technology and -- Six. Number two is Chinese New Year card and this is not the typical hallmark card but it refers to the red envelopes that people typically stuffed with a few few -- dollar bills for the young and single. Which has my friend says they are typically received by the young and single but -- in by the old and married. So that the Chinese New Year card read for prosperity and a little money for good luck yet my grandmother does that she does not celebrate Chinese New Year so I'll have to filler and saying hey -- keep banana for that was -- And number one what is a big number one for us. Number one is just straight up Chinese New Year again as you mentioned in the beginning of the segment. It's actually the Lunar New Year and it's not just the Chinese New Year it's for many Asian peoples all over the world. The -- prefer to look at this Chinese New Year that's how it's popular -- And again at times celebration -- gathering fees. With symbolic foods for prosperity fertility and nice long years sort of a Thanksgiving in a way. And -- second time parades. Lots of red. And that celebration fireworks -- this weekend that time to enjoy. And while we might be celebrating 2007 -- I think it's 47. 042. -- that's correct it is 47 four okay thanks thanks so much young -- LT though they get happy Chinese New Year -- you. Thanking you -- and the. ", "At the peak travel season in China when the approaching  Lunar New Year  creates the largest human migration on the planet. ABC's More than 178. Million people take trains during the  Chinese New Year  holiday has more than half the entire US population. 70 ", 'is headed home. More than 178. Million people take trains during the Chinese New Year holiday has more than half the entire US population. 70% of those passengers are migrant workers. Who are only afforded one annual ', "told you about Monday has not. Air and rail service in China is crippled stranding of people. Hoping to get away for the  Chinese New Year  picture this more people have been trying to crowd into a single train station and live in the city of Boston. ABC's ", "is crippled stranding -- of people. Hoping to get away for the Chinese New Year picture this more people have been trying to crowd into a single train station and live in the city of Boston. ABC's ", "This Sunday is the  Lunar New Year  celebrated in China Korea and Vietnam this is. Always a big shouldn't do. You shouldn't say the word for four during  Lunar New Year  because it also sounds like death. You should parents should ", "This Sunday is the Lunar New Year celebrated in China Korea and Vietnam this is. Always a big deal and these cultures but this year. It's even bigger. What ", "things you shouldn't do. You shouldn't say the word for four during Lunar New Year -- because it also sounds like death. You should -- parents should glad hand no don't buy canned because the -- for ", 'It is the end of the Chinese new and that yeah. And coolest much celebration that content festival is known for its display of traditional Chinese lanterns and sweet dumplings. But because of record high inflation. Is sweet dumplings being sold an so sweet price.', "for tens of millions of people. Traveling ahead of the  Lunar New Year  the nation's biggest annual holiday. At least 24 people up to 600000. Just in this one station. From now until  Chinese New Year  which falls on February 7 is the equivalent of Labor Day ", 'reach up to 600000. Just in this one station. From now until Chinese New Year which falls on February 7 is the equivalent of Labor Day in the US tens of millions of people flood out of ']