['Security has been heightened in the US after Canadian police arrested two for alleged terror plan.', "In avril fashion, she chose a black gown for the occasion. It turns out the canadian couple waited to get married on  canada day . And they didn't let their destination wedding stray too far from the canadian roots. Even choosing red and white ", "occasion. It turns out the canadian couple waited to get married on canada day . And they didn't let their destination wedding stray too far from the canadian roots. Even choosing red and white themed decorations. The ", "Just saying it breaks my diet. sense improve and implement this. Now  Canada day  on Sunday. Sunday he noted that in National Anthem O Canada again you All men made me. On that right hand. With ABC news I'm Katie happy  Canada day .", 'sense improve and implement this. -- -- -- -- -- Now -- Canada day on Sunday. -- -- -- Sunday he noted that in National Anthem O Canada again you know I illuminated land that yet ', 'country did his thoughts. He traded up that says a young pilots during the Second World War the duchess and. Raced  Canada day  wearing a red maple leaf hat and a white dress the same one she wore for her engagement portrait. The diamond maple ', 'a young pilots during the Second World War the duchess and. Raced Canada day wearing a red maple leaf hat and a white dress the same one she wore for her engagement portrait. The diamond maple ', 'it with the diamond encrusted maple leaf approach on loan from the queen accompanied by a maple leaf hat to celebrate  Canada day . People lined the streets just to get a glimpse of William and Kate estimates range from 300000. To half a million ', 'loan from the queen accompanied by a maple leaf hat to celebrate Canada day . People lined the streets just to get a glimpse of William and Kate estimates range from 300000. To half a million people. ', 'And in  Canada day  in court for the man accused of killing a Chinese exchange student as her helpless boyfriend witnessed part of the attack on web ', 'And in Canada day in court for the man accused of killing a Chinese exchange student as her helpless boyfriend witnessed part of the attack on ', "All right we don't think we've run out of time here on papers but I this time to focus Kennedy's Friday and it is  Canada day  with a winning a as they have. Friday you know we're in the US sort of glad to the and the. Fireworks light up the ", "but I -- this time to focus Kennedy's Friday and it is Canada day -- with a winning a -- as they have. Friday you know we're in the US sort of glad to -- the ", "Brownsville. I issued others sell. is continuing right here in parliament hill today for the 144 birthday of Canada on  Canada day  they're gonna that's to be arriving here by horse drawn carriage. William and Kate Wilson that's gonna continue ", "here in parliament hill today for the 144 birthday of Canada on Canada day they're gonna that's to be arriving here by horse drawn carriage. William and Kate Wilson that's gonna continue. Right in to this ", "night in the of a lot we join them along with more than 300000. People see the fireworks. And take in the sights of  Canada day  very much like our fourth of July. This morning Kate's first tree planting those traditional royal trips then to the ", "than 300000. People see the fireworks. And take in the sights of Canada day very much like our fourth of July. This morning Kate's first tree planting those traditional royal trips then to the war memorial ", 'moment north Americans as Will it kick Canada and it also and it ended in Calgary but the any. The real highlight was  Canada day  because there was such a sense of pride there was a sea of Canadian flags union Jack. And seeing Kate step out that ', 'and it ended in Calgary but the any. The real highlight was Canada day because there was such a sense of pride there was a sea of Canadian flags union Jack. And seeing Kate step out ', "it's If you hate. In 200 show platinum fun time Biden and fun. And I did one hour primetime Christmas special. this  Canada day  that's grown to feel more pop pop pop up whenever they're on Connecticut. At your bacon back to that I want it ", "I did -- -- one hour primetime Christmas special. -- this -- Canada day that's grown to feel more pop pop pop up whenever they're on Connecticut. At your bacon back to that I want it. ", "of line and I just don't really like anything artificial. But the risk of becoming overweight or obese for eight to  Canada day  diet soda drinker. Is about 57%. Can to 46% for regular soda drinkers. Now they're animal studies show it may ", "artificial. But the risk of becoming overweight or obese for eight to Canada day diet soda drinker. Is about 57%. Can -- to 46% for regular soda drinkers. Now they're animal studies show it may be ", "of line and I just don't really like anything artificial. But the risk of becoming overweight or obese for eight to  Canada day  diet soda drinker. Is about 57%. Can write to 46% for regular soda drinkers now animal studies show it may be that ", 'artificial. But the risk of becoming overweight or obese for eight to Canada day diet soda drinker. Is about 57%. Can write to 46% for regular soda drinkers now -- animal studies show it may be ']