['calendar for the best air travel prediction ever -- made back in 2008 -- which they dubbed, appropriately, the " Year of the Rat ." It was a rodent-like year, all right, one passengers remember as the "Year of Airline Fees and High Fuel Prices ', "determine the animals' order. Shortly before the ox crossed the finish line, the rat leaped off to claim victory. The  Year of the Rat  was marked in 2008. Among the world's luminaries born in the Year of the Ox: former U.S. President Richard Nixon ", 'Say goodbye to the  Year of the Rat  (2008) and celebrate strength in the Year of the Ox with a Chinese New Year feast on Jan. 26. Master chef Martin Yan, host ', 'Eight is a fortuitous number that symbolizes fortune and luck, according to Chinese traditions, but thus far, the  Year of the Rat  has been anything but lucky. Beginning with a devastating blizzard, hundreds of thousands of travelers were left ', 'Since then, Harry Lamin\'s blogger profile which lists his astrological sign, Virgo, and his zodiac year, the  year of the rat , apparently has scored more than 100,000 hits. "I didn\'t know how well the letters would engage people," Bill ', "amenities. So, get used to it. After all, it is an election year. It is also, according to the Chinese calendar, the  year of the rat . Make of that what you will. Well, I have to run: I have a flight to book. In other words: I'm off to the polls ", 'game with the Chinese authorities. After all, he says, the Chinese zodiac favors rodents in 2008: "It\'s the  Year of the Rat ." Contributing: Calum MacLeod in Beijing', "that animal. This year is the  Year of the Rat , and it's closely associated year of the lunar cycle, the  Year of the Rat  represents the beginning of a the energy associated with the  Year of the Rat  to create a new phase in your ", 'The Chinese  Year of the Rat  begins next week. In the cyberunderground, it is already shaping up to be the Year of the Clever Rat, as crooks scurry to perfect ', "hamster faces a path in a Chinese animal year handover ceremony and a hamster representing. For the outgoing 2008  year of the rat . And a representing the 2009 year of the help celebrate the change over the four month old captive. It's close ", "animal year handover ceremony and a hamster representing. For the outgoing 2008 year of the rat . And a -- representing the 2009 year of the -- help celebrate the change over the four month old captive. It's close ", "It's the  year of the rat  and many in China are hoping this new year will bring prosperity. Meanwhile one businessmen in Thailand thinks rats can be good ", "It's the year of the rat and many in China are hoping this new year will bring prosperity. Meanwhile one businessmen in Thailand thinks rats can be good "]