['Idaho Potato Commission Generated More Than 4 Billion Media Impressions in Fiscal Year 2010-2011', '-- that first came out of the Treasury Department I -- state congressional research service which is a non partisan. Basically service that we -- good information to ask about that. And the president as they -- ', 'FAA warns shooting at drone could result in prosecution similar to shooting at manned airplane', "case. Once the race hucksters and the special interest got involved. The CRS unit from DOJ which we now have the FOIA requests so that they're down they're facilitating rallies again Zimmerman. You got Roslyn ", 'shot and killed. They sent down Justice Department. Got peacekeepers from the CRS the community relations service inside our Justice Department. To be present at the big rally for trade on the million -- march ', "in in many different situations. This is a peacemaking. They're saying that CRS is the department's peacemaker for community conflicts. And tensions arising from differences of race color. And Nash and national origin and they ", "support for protest deployment. That indicates that they are supporting other CN CRS staff not the actual protests we're going on. And they say that you deleted the word inter regional to make it sound ", "there was a study done that and in depth study by the congressional research service it was squelched -- we by the very Republicans who ordered it. And that's survey showed without a doubt that over the past forty years. Cutting taxes does not -- -- -- -- -- Yeah. I -- -- -- yeah yeah you're -- congressional research service all right John the fact is is that the growth earlier in the year which was estimated 2.4 percent. The latest figures ", 'or is it adding to the policy of containment that the nonpartisan congressional research service says. That this administration is practicing. The fact that -- matter is North Korea. Absolutely knows that if they attacked the south ', 'Obama orders new rules on coal-fired plants, sets condition for Keystone pipeline']