['and Mitchell are old friends. Jews by religion and local royalty by acclamation, they once shared a memorable erev  Yom Kippur -the holiest night on the Jewish calendar-at a most sacred of Official Washington shrines: the McLean, Virginia ', 'one of Judaism\'s holiest days,  Yom Kippur . "Over the past couple of days of the U.N. General Assembly on  Yom Kippur , which is why the United States Anti-Semitic" leader speak on  Yom Kippur . The United States as well as other ', 'instead of what unites us." "This is a joyful time for millions of people around the world. But Rosh Hashanah and  Yom Kippur  are also opportunities for reflection. They represent a chance to take stock of our lives and look forward to the coming ', "B'av, a day of fasting and mourning in Judaism and the saddest on the Jewish calendar. Unlike another fast day,  Yom Kippur  or even the Sabbath, observant Jews are allowed to do work and use electricity, but are supposed to keep the destruction ", 'The bride and groom were both widowers when they met 18 years ago at temple in Palm Springs on the Jewish holiday of  Yom Kippur , the Desert Sun reported. He, a retired veterinarian, talked up the retired paralegal, complimenting her dress ', 'Sean Greene of the Dodgers, all three Jewish missed extremely important late-season games because of observance of  Yom Kippur , no one said this was exhibitionism and no one complained about it. They thought it was exemplary. As far as I could ', '1973 Vice President Spiro Agnew Resigns Spiro Agnew resigned from position, pleading no contest to tax evasion. 1973  Yom Kippur  War Mideast war escalates when Egyptian and Syrian forces attack Israeli forces. 1983 James Watt Resigns Secretary of ', 'order. The 10n days between  Yom Kippur  and Rosh Hashanah are called the book is "sealed" on  Yom Kippur . Thus the  Day of Atonement  is a final chance to have fast is broken at sunset on  Yom Kippur , Jews will raise a glass ', '2011. The Jewish ritual is supposed to transfer the sins of the past year to the chicken, and is performed before  Yom Kippur , the most important day in the Jewish calendar. (Menahem Kahana/AFP/Getty Images) A devotee of the Chinese shrine ', 'with Israeli cooking," he said. "I was cooking Italian food for Marc Vetri and French food for Terence Feury." On  Yom Kippur  in 2003, Solomonov\'s older brother, an officer in the Israeli army, was shot and killed by snipers. Solomonov returned ', "S. military. Combat units typically suffer one psychiatric casualty for every physical one, and during Israel's  Yom Kippur  War of 1973, frontline casualty rates were roughly consistent with that ratio. But Israeli logistics units, which ", "what would I do with my remaining months? In one brief moment, the whole of our lives can change. Rosh Hashanah and  Yom Kippur  asks that we make sure we live our days with meaning and purpose. The blast of the Ram's Horn is meant to wake us ", "of independence in 1948, which was one essentially of small arms by israel to the great tank and air battles of the  yom kippur  war in 1973, israel's enemies tried to destroy it with conventional warfare. Having failed at that they went to terrorism ", "arms by israel to the great tank and air battles of the yom kippur war in 1973, israel's enemies tried to destroy it with conventional warfare. Having failed at that they went to terrorism, suicide bombers "]