["she does not celebrate  Chinese New Year  so I'll have to filler one is just straight up  Chinese New Year  again as you mentioned It's actually the  Lunar New Year  and it's not just the  Chinese New Year  it's for many Asian ", "marks the first day of the lunar year also known as the Chinese New Year . It's followed by fifteen days of celebration at pierce many -- Are curious about the festivities marking the beginning of the year of the pig. And -- all heading to the web to find out more. Joining us from LA with a tally on the top Chinese New Year search this is -- as editor Alan. My understanding I'm doing pretty good now I actually was born in the year the horse we are now in the year -- the -- and this isn't just any special year what was -- number five on this. I think we'll get. Number five is simply Chinese New Year greetings -- searchers are looking for the correct. Greetings to give their friends and I just wanna be -- first to tell ", "families I even get on technology and -- Six. Number two is Chinese New Year card and this is not the typical hallmark card but it refers to the red envelopes that people typically stuffed with a few few -- dollar bills for the young and single. Which has my friend says they are typically received by the young and single but -- in by the old and married. So that the Chinese New Year card read for prosperity and a little money for good luck yet my grandmother does that she does not celebrate Chinese New Year so I'll have to filler and saying hey -- keep banana for that was -- And number one what is a big number one for us. Number one is just straight up Chinese New Year again as you mentioned in the beginning of the segment. It's actually the Lunar New Year and it's not just the Chinese New Year it's for many Asian peoples all over the world. The -- prefer to look at this Chinese New Year that's how it's popular -- And again at times celebration -- gathering fees. With symbolic foods for prosperity fertility and nice long years sort of a Thanksgiving in a way. And -- second time parades. Lots of red. And that celebration fireworks -- this weekend that time to enjoy. And while we might be celebrating 2007 -- I think it's 47. 042. -- that's correct it is 47 four okay thanks thanks so much young -- LT though they get happy Chinese New Year -- you. Thanking you -- and the. ", "At the peak travel season in China when the approaching  Lunar New Year  creates the largest human migration on the planet. ABC's More than 178. Million people take trains during the  Chinese New Year  holiday has more than half the entire US population. 70 ", 'is headed home. More than 178. Million people take trains during the Chinese New Year holiday has more than half the entire US population. 70% of those passengers are migrant workers. Who are only afforded one annual ', "told you about Monday has not. Air and rail service in China is crippled stranding of people. Hoping to get away for the  Chinese New Year  picture this more people have been trying to crowd into a single train station and live in the city of Boston. ABC's ", "is crippled stranding -- of people. Hoping to get away for the Chinese New Year picture this more people have been trying to crowd into a single train station and live in the city of Boston. ABC's ", "This Sunday is the  Lunar New Year  celebrated in China Korea and Vietnam this is. Always a big shouldn't do. You shouldn't say the word for four during  Lunar New Year  because it also sounds like death. You should parents should ", "This Sunday is the Lunar New Year celebrated in China Korea and Vietnam this is. Always a big deal and these cultures but this year. It's even bigger. What ", "things you shouldn't do. You shouldn't say the word for four during Lunar New Year -- because it also sounds like death. You should -- parents should glad hand no don't buy canned because the -- for ", 'It is the end of the Chinese new and that yeah. And coolest much celebration that content festival is known for its display of traditional Chinese lanterns and sweet dumplings. But because of record high inflation. Is sweet dumplings being sold an so sweet price.', "for tens of millions of people. Traveling ahead of the  Lunar New Year  the nation's biggest annual holiday. At least 24 people up to 600000. Just in this one station. From now until  Chinese New Year  which falls on February 7 is the equivalent of Labor Day ", 'reach up to 600000. Just in this one station. From now until Chinese New Year which falls on February 7 is the equivalent of Labor Day in the US tens of millions of people flood out of ', "Havoc for tens of millions of people traveling ahead of the  Lunar New Year  the nation's biggest annual holiday. At least 24 people up to 600000. Just in this one station. From now until  Chinese New Year  which falls on February 7 is the equivalent of Labor Day ", 'reach up to 600000. Just in this one station. From now until Chinese New Year which falls on February 7 is the equivalent of Labor Day in the US tens of millions of people flood out of ', "Chinese and Cubans is celebrating the Chinese new yet in Havana's historic Chinatown. Chinese traditionalists say that they Jerebko will be of suspicious change. Hundreds of Chinese visits as part of the traditional sacred dragon through the streets of Havana's Chinatown. One of Latin America's", "During  Chinese New Year , Taiwan sets record for 'longest running firecracker.'", "don't have you know but today is that  Chinese New Year  is happy  Chinese New Year  when Well day. My first reaction was he time in China and for that to celebrate  Chinese New Year  and Warren Buffett saying that's not he ", "Chinese television because I don't have you know but today is that Chinese New Year is happy Chinese New Year when -- Well day. My first reaction was he certainly was more casual on this commercial for cctv that he was -- the -- easy party last week rapidly and I students yeah when he went to that -- -- -- -- and I just -- ukulele in his hand. We do you want to remember it's important travel time in China and for that -- to celebrate Chinese New Year and Warren Buffett saying that's not he bought. Burlington northern right at -- when it was visiting a -- have to tell ", 'Meadowbrook elementary students are just learning about the  Chinese New Year  2000. Twelve this extra special I heard on the news as a baby boom on anything. hospital already have. A busy work this year ', 'Meadowbrook elementary students are just learning about the Chinese New Year 2000. Twelve this extra special I heard on the news as a baby boom on anything. -- hospital already have. A busy ', "it collaboration that indie hit 500 days of summer but that 97 pal around the ball drops on New Year's And finally the  Chinese New Year  coupled with the way that this baby giant panda bears got some early New Year's president. This one scenes particularly ", "around -- the ball drops on New Year's -- And finally the Chinese New Year -- coupled with the way that this baby giant panda bears got some early New Year's president. This one scenes particularly fond ", 'where rank in the top ten greatest if not all fun fun things smaller so sent thousands alleged pretty good content happy  Chinese New Year  123. 2012 marks New the year of the dragon for all of you keep animals and they say. The Chinese FDA and lucky Edward ', '-- smaller so -- -- sent thousands alleged pretty good content happy Chinese New Year 123. 2012 marks -- New -- the year of the dragon for all of you keep -- -- animals and they say. ', "seeing US stocks higher. Asian markets feud they were higher at one summer opened a lot of them were closed up because of  Lunar New Year  and European markets little changed but coming off those But we're move a wave from the emerging markets the and resting ", "one summer opened a lot of them were closed up because of Lunar New Year and European markets little changed but coming off those -- But we're -- -- move a wave from the emerging markets the ", 'It is the  Lunar New Year  in China and this is lead we the most watched Super Bowl ever this the magic tricks shown on China television January 30 the of the  Lunar New Year  festival. Hundreds of millions. Watched these synchronized ', 'It is the Lunar New Year in China and this is lead -- we -- the most watched Super Bowl ever this is the most watched television broadcast. Of the year. It is the magic tricks shown on China television January 30 the -- of the Lunar New Year festival. Hundreds of millions. Watched these synchronized. Swimming gold fish. All most watched broadcast of your goldfish -- a symbol of wealth ', "line with what was expected imports big surprise rising about 86%. Now these numbers could be distorted because of the  Lunar New Year  still they point to. Stability with China's trade we saw exports basically fall off of the cliff last year. When the ", "rising about 86%. Now these numbers could be distorted because of the Lunar New Year still they point to. Stability with China's trade we saw exports basically fall off of the cliff last year. When the crisis ", 'thousands of homes. And forcing residents to flee. And an artist performs a traditional dance on stage on the fifth day of the  Lunar New Year  in Beijing. Millions of Chinese spent a week long holiday celebrating that new year that began on Sunday. 2010 represents ', 'performs a traditional dance on stage on the fifth day of the Lunar New Year in Beijing. Millions of Chinese spent a week long holiday celebrating that new year that began on Sunday. 2010 represents the year ', 'migration in the history the plant is going on right now in China as hundreds of millions of people go home to celebrate.  Chinese New Year  the lunar calendar. They have twelve zodiac symbols different animals and we are now going from the year of the dog. For ', 'in China as hundreds of millions of people go home to celebrate. Chinese New Year the lunar calendar. They have twelve zodiac symbols different animals and we are now going from the year of the dog. For ', "and. she side. Sunday is the Asian  Lunar New Year  and I think mighty city close to right in luck because this Sunday is the  Lunar New Year  celebrated in China Korea and Vietnam shouldn't say the word for four during  Lunar New Year  is because it also sounds like death ", "to save them and. -- she -- side. Sunday is the Asian Lunar New Year and I think -- mighty city close to right we'll tell you what that has to do with a predicted baby boom ", "more your speed well you're in luck because this Sunday is the Lunar New Year celebrated in China Korea and Vietnam this -- Always a big deal and these cultures but this year. It's even bigger. What ", "things you shouldn't do. You shouldn't say the word for four during Lunar New Year -- is because it also sounds like death. You shouldn't my parents. Should glad hand no don't buy -- because the -- "]