['comment. KRQE in Albuquerque published part of Baldizan\'s letter, which stated: "I could not understand how for  Cinco de Mayo , we dressed employees up in serapes and sombreros with fake mustaches but the language that is connected with that ', 'out of purely coincidence, on  Cinco de Mayo  of 2011, the site went live. At his Rebels site) for a skit on  Cinco de Mayo . Julito called it "condescending parodying American\'s ideas of  Cinco de Mayo  and all that. I thought it was ', 'It\'s  Cinco de Mayo ! And nobody knows what it really stands the opposite of spending your usual  Cinco de Mayo  festivities offending Mexicans by drinking single "Here We Go" was released on  Cinco de Mayo  ! -- of 1997. (Just go with it ', 'we expect of this three-day " Cinco de Mayo  Weekend" East Coast mini-tour? What do you say to  Cinco de Mayo ? It\'s 3 cities in 3 days. In In Mexico we don\'t celebrate  Cinco de Mayo  so I\'ll celebrate how gringos do ', 'Cinco de Mayo  is this weekend. We know the Penn State sorority girls are excited! This year brings us the first-ever  Cinco de Mayo  movie, " Cinco de Mayo , La Batalla" now in theatres . And like the trailer says ', 'spoken in front of his classmates in a Mexican accent about his idol, actor David Hasselhoff, and the history of  Cinco de Mayo . But in the final speech of the semester last week, Barrientos, 26, an aspiring comedian, ditched the intonation ', "about Chief Justice Roberts' memory. Breakfast Humor Biden jokes about his Irish heritage at a breakfast celebrating  Cinco de Mayo . Dr. Pepper Gaffe The vice president mistakenly utters soft drink name instead of Dr. Paper. Gabbing About Golf ", 'Romney VP speculation fills the weekend with Jeb Bush, Rubio, Ayotte and Gingrich weighing in', 'Veepstake speculation fills the weekend with Jeb Bush, Rubio, Ayotte and Gingrich weighing in', "Biden on Gay Marriage: 'Absolutely Comfortable With Men Marrying Men, Women Marrying Women'", "If Yahoo!'s worth to many stockholders many who favored Microsoft's Also rising that Google search today is  Cinco De Mayo  which is a traditional Mexican holiday celebrated on May fifth now many think the celebrates Mexico's independence ", "many who favored Microsoft's -- Also rising that Google search today is Cinco De Mayo which is a traditional Mexican holiday celebrated on May fifth now many think the -- celebrates Mexico's independence. But that's actually not ", 'Biden jokes about his Irish heritage at a breakfast celebrating  Cinco de Mayo .', "World news now delivers your morning take us. Welcome back to casual Friday. And of course we're getting there are the spirit early tomorrow. Okay. De Mayo himself actually had some of now we have seven kids and so and is also here we have some of this fall's finest frozen top exploitation and", "don't you just eat your chips and salsa and chill out. That's ironic, isn't it? I guess it ain't toot late for  cinco de mayo . What's your problem, man? They take our jobs and they don't have -- what are they doing to you? What are ", "out. That's ironic, isn't it? I guess it ain't toot late for cinco de mayo . What's your problem, man? They take our jobs and they don't have -- what are they doing to you? What are they ", "A Mexico holiday came to the nation's capital a day early. The Washington mall rang in the sounds authentic Mexico music and dancing with traditional food available to add to this fiesta. To get him out commemorates the battle of Puebla on May sixth 1862. When outnumbered Mexican army defeated", 'Sam, Josh and Lara celebrate traditional Mexican holiday  Cinco De Mayo  in style.']