["conversation with a little bit about what causes  acne  because there are so many me out there Right tells quickly what's the difference between  adult acne . And teenage teen acts teenage  acne  has pretty common and hopefully you don't but ", "rid of that. Joining us with the latest breakthroughs and recommendations for acne treatment as doctor Susan Evans director of dermatology from cosmetic physicians of Beverly Hills. Welcome back have a bit deceiving -- it's infancy so before we get into this conversation with a little bit about what causes acne because there are so many me out there -- Right when they incidents is that it's from and cleanliness -- -- these ", "likely -- -- -- right now tells quickly what's the difference between adult acne . And teenage teen acts teenage acne has pretty common and hopefully you don't -- -- but if you do you you can deal with it but it don't ", "a -- the Alley over hair she left she isn't suffering from acne and you have a new machine that can actually. Tell you what what where it's coming from hasn't really this is the busy -- -- the state of the art technology. It has always been great for being able to predict things like eight spots guidance He goes now it's able to tell you what's going to happen that Pakistan from an acne -- an -- -- have your -- don't turn around -- -- -- tell me a little but how the acne . It affected your life. And parents -- and I think -- three points and needs. -- I don't have time to worry about my skin. It's really -- on all of us and since she's so great to come here that make up and we've taken pictures at her Weaver to classify her -- dance pop pop pills and also some pot stills which -- -- -- the big. And acne that comes to the surface and then this is the fluorescent light that let you see through this again. -- sees things that are coming to the surface and as you see that different colors here. That you can see that visible light and there's other ones that are coming to the surface what are the Green dot telling they're telling you which areas have acne that are -- with. -- -- or friends it is produced by bacteria because after you get. Act be -- you get. Bacteria that harbor and one of the -- got the blue dots are actually showing you the class chills underneath this and that will be coming to the surface so this can allow you to predict -- you're getting married you have a wedding. Q and it what's out -- -- -- yeah exactly so what are Bennett do you what what how you treat Alley after looking at best. Well this is a way to classify how severe acne is and -- her treatment what is working what isn't what if we conceded it's clear and the need to -- that ", "area see your face looks silly. You know bright and and all this trailing her. You don't have the model couldn't cover my  acne  and I watched other videos and realized nobody had something that was full coverage. So if I knew about it out of consider the ", "-- trailing her. You don't have the model -- couldn't cover my acne and I watched other videos and realized nobody had something that was full coverage. So if I knew about it out of ", 'in complementary therapies to help reduce the risk of severe  acne . One of the best things you can do is make sure you have a healthy earlier study saying that things like chocolate did not cause  acne  but in those studies chocolate was compared to a very high fat ', "are interested in complementary therapies to help reduce the risk of severe acne . One of the best things you can do is make sure you have a healthy diet. There were some earlier study saying that things like chocolate did not cause acne but in those studies chocolate was compared to a very high fat diet. There's emerging evidence that diet is important to making ", "Acne  but word alone can take us back to our insecure teenage days. Of course  acne  doesn't only torment teens plenty of adults suffer new hope for those switching to erase those dreaded  acne  it's called the laser. And dermatologist doctor ", "Acne but word alone can take us back to our insecure teenage days. Of course acne doesn't only torment teens plenty of adults suffer from it as well. And even though there are lots treatment options many people believe there's not much they can do about the deep scars and pock marks -- sometimes leaves behind. But now there's new hope for those switching to erase those dreaded acne -- it's called the -- laser. And dermatologist doctor and Chapman is here to tell us all it. That's a topic thanks so much for coming on the show thank you for having me so. Actual laser these this is the treatment of choice these days acne scars of that writes absolutely tell little bit how it works with I understand there's the trachsel repair and the back. We'll ", "in particular is one of my treatments of choice for people of acne scarring on the chest and back. A lot of times it's not just spying but it's also -- even pigmentation. And that ", "of color changing and how does the practical treat other things besides acne scars we'll be actually discovered for that purpose first -- it. We actually you started looking at these lasers for wrinkles because ", "acne  an adult women who get  acne  usually in the lower face along about some new ways we can treat  acne  one way that we shouldn't does absolutely nothing for the  pimples  at all it has no effect on that the bacteria that causes  acne . And He was also no effect ", "American Academy of Dermatology between forty and fifteen million Americans suffer from acne at any one time and finding effective treatments can be frustrating. But there -- some new solutions. Joining us now to talk us through the latest act the treatment that dermatologist doctor -- after -- great to see you again that great -- be here. So -- is not just for teenagers this is something that -- every. That's too you know one of the biggest myth is that -- -- your acne after your teenage years. -- -- patients day after day who didn't even start to get acting until they were in their twenties even thirties so this can really be an adult problems not just a -- and it don't. Freaked out editor when it happens that they think why that's happening next to what you start getting wrinkles and -- there's -- something morally wrong about absolutely. That causes acne act as we don't know -- Exactly what they underlying causes but we know what we see and we know what tends ", "the really important thing to understand is that if you're prone to acne an adult women who get acne usually in the lower face along the draw -- line. And that is more hormone also sometimes you need an internal -- ", "prevent humans from forming talk about some new ways we can treat acne one way that we shouldn't treat it is with alcohol that right. Right using rubbing alcohol on your face -- by one of the worst things to do because it -- -- your -- and does absolutely nothing for the pimples at all -- it has no effect on that the bacteria that causes acne . And He was -- -- -- -- also no effect on the -- -- can't leave those things behind let's talk about some of the new treatments out there exciting. Very exciting new development with this blue light -- right -- blue light is being used in doctors' offices for for a long time to help treat acne and some other underlying medical -- conditions as well. But now there's some home devices that incorporate blue light in -- there. I'm into their process of helping treat acne besides using skin care products so one is really brand new this month is attendance that. And this uses blue light you can even turn it on and feel it on your skin. And there's little bit of bike race into it and -- heats -- -- -- -- -- your hand you can feel that vibration. Which and the heat helps open up the ports and the blue light. Is very sensitive. Very specifically absorbed by the bacteria that causes acne . -- -- about fifty -- synagogues and how -- what you have to keep it on the area it has its own ", 'skin area On the other thing that causes  acne  as a whole way that the skin cells turn over people who have  acne  have. A hyper care to the station at the which can lead to you more inflammatory  acne . Lesions. Women tend to have until their ', "occurs in oily skin area -- On the other thing that causes acne as a whole way that the skin cells turn over people who have acne have. A hyper care to the station at the -- killer unit meaning that there on hair follicles are stickier. Then other people and that's what causes the white -- and the black cats which can lead to you more inflammatory acne . Lesions. Women tend to have -- until their forties and fifties and this -- just due to the fluctuation. Hormones that's why a lot of hormonal. A lot of our -- mean regiments are formally. Based such as -- easily treat women with birth control pills. Or other anti. -- type medications like outback town the best way to prevent acne lesions is using some type. Care analytic product which is something that's going to exfoliate this cannon and -- the -- -- -- -- white and black cats. These are things like alpha hydroxy acids like folic acids. -- like accidents -- Hollis over the counter -- these products are over the counter and can help prevent acne lesions hospice house like acid washes. Our over the counter and available many. Over the counter propped -- well. I'm -- -- ", "Every day nineteen year old from Sandra Bankston wakes up watch as her face. And has learned to be comfortable with the severe  acne  problems. Why because there's some well placed make up go best. This I had no idea that I grew with such an epidemic and ", "as her face. And has learned to be comfortable with the severe acne problems. Why because there's some well placed make up -- go -- best. This I had no idea that I grew with ", 'than just dry skin or  acne . If you are experiencing look a little bit like  acne  that you could have  pimples  and and bumps in the lower face and with  acne  you do have more black some people call it  adult acne  so you start to in the ', 'know when your irritation is something more than just dry skin or acne . If you are experiencing painful redness He may be one of the estimated fourteen million Americans suffering from -- -- And here ', "eyes are lots of skies. -- also look a little bit like acne that you could have pimples and and bumps in the skin as well. But it is different than adult -- because that's more hormonal it's more on the lower face and with acne you do have more black kids in -- -- and that's not seen -- rose share. But they should does affect the cheeks that's in the knows the forehead. An -- that these really more along the lower face but -- -- does -- can develop as we get older is that rights organization is more of an adult pattern and that's why some people -- call it adult acne so you start to -- -- in the late 20s30s forties. And for most women who get it it does get a little bit better after -- that's something Philip pro wrestler and -- -- a -- of one thing. You have to actually isn't -- red -- and how do we get it we're not immediately sure there may be -- her -- -- -- component to it. And we really don't know the main underlying conflict with acne to we don't know the main underlying cause. But we do know that with causation there's one good thing about it is ", "isn't it made a connection between.  Acne  and thoughts Right and interesting point others and boys whose father had severe  acne . Maybe more prone to it that really pretty the house not a month we give so if the  acne  is severe and not responding we often ", "and the study out of Norway isn't it made a connection between. Acne and thoughts -- -- Right and -- interesting point about this is that it was even more common in boys than in ", '-- years. Some more than others and boys whose father had severe acne . Maybe more prone to it that really pretty much every molesting -- can expect to have some. An episode of a -- ', "the house not a month we give -- -- so if the acne is severe and not responding we often. Get history about theory and Hampton and try to minimize that but that's not to ", "The wanna talk about  acne  in teens and young adults and how the stress what the best treatment messes are for  acne  is Janine Downey. She's from image dermatology topical antibiotic how to decrease the  acne  themselves okay great art. Now the third ", "The wanna talk about acne in teens and young adults and how the stress of returning to school. Can cause a break out here to tell us what the best treatment messes are -- for acne is Janine Downey. She's from image dermatology and welcome back LT life thank you. Mosh -- my son has one right on ", "do. On the have a -- topical antibiotic how to decrease the acne -- themselves -- okay great art. Now the third one is also everything else that we're talking about right now to leave ", "Next we have a lot of kids. And young adults that'll have acne and redness so metric jealous something they can use -- morning or evening. This is also a prescription product. And this is ", 'is continuing to go down and  pimples  are popping up everywhere stress be breaking out and recession  acne  is becoming more common place a everything but especially  acne . And part of it is that people for people who are prone to  acne  you can actually make  acne  worse ', "Unemployment continues to rise but how is continuing to go down and pimples are popping up everywhere stress is one reason why adults may be breaking out and recession acne is becoming more common place. Here with some sage advice and topical help is clinical assistant professor of dermatology at New York University doctor Doris Day. Welcome packet it's great to have you back thanks thanks for having me so are you seeing a rise in your patients were popping up with so called recession -- Absolutely and seeing a -- everything but especially acne . And part of it is that people are just patching their face more. So it's not a with a direct effect sometimes it's an indirect effect that causes it but stress and anxiety all of these things can cause -- Absolutely stress can make anything worse and for people who are prone to acne you can actually make acne worse. And I have a book called 100 questions and answers about acne and inept but one of the most -- questions is why am I getting acting at my page so it's not just the teenage thing. And when adults are under stress a lot of things happen that can make their acne flare so what are some things that we can do to manage the stress first. Well the most important thing is to ", "face the knows that cheeks even the forehead that's really more teenage acne . When I see acting that's more in the lower face and along the drum line that's more of an adult pattern of acne that tends to be more stressed or more hormone related. If I -- acting that's along the periphery of the face that can be do sometimes hair products. And that means that anything you put in your hair can end up on your face can clog pores and can make a rash that looks like acne . Or even acne itself and watch those -- -- you brought along some products that you say can help us deal he's over the counter products would get at the drugstore crack. Right we'll start with over the counter products. So the single worst thing He can do for acne is pick I within my patients these are not surgical instruments don't pick could that would just make the -- mad. They'll ", "to -- on a regular basis I like foaming cleanser is for acne . Once it contained talc -- acid you can even to a nice relaxing mud mask and take some time to relax but some nice music on as well. So look for those ingredients as the -- Celek after an excuse me does that help or. Remove dead skin as well right that helps X Foley ate the skin cells without irritating the follicles. One thing you don't wanna do is -- rubbing alcohol on your face I have patients who come in who do that. And all that doesn't dry out the skin but it does not affect the bacteria that causes acne I don't do that. And what what about the professional helping you need to take it up -- not need to take it up a level. What kind of treatments can can someone get done in your office for instance so if you have acne that's. Leaving scars and that's actually becoming more of an issue then it's time to see you dermatologist. And we used prescription products like. -- all peroxide it's topical antibiotics and retinoids I think anyone who can tolerate a retinoids should be of one. This is like actual land has Iraq -- -- These are just -- great products that not only help prevent acne that actually make your skin look overall better so when you go for that I've been to be you can actually put ", "might not know is that fattening foods can actually need to  acne  because they don't increased insulin production which then production and and then you get more Ciba and you've got  clogged pores  and then you get are so not great. Sugary foods can cause ", "you might not know is that fattening foods can actually need to acne because they don't increased insulin production which then. Leads to an increase in Andrew agent production and and then you get more Ciba and you've got clogged pores and then you get -- are so not great. Sugary foods can cause premature aging. And again -- -- so what's the ", "depends on your stress level grappling 28 one. What and if I. So can eat you don't have to have act need to yet  adult acne . An  adult acne  can start anywhere from 25 all the way up to you late forties He got some ingredients here that this is doubles ", "third trimester for example in the first trimester you actually might have acne . You're hoping for that -- pregnancy happens you break out like you're a teenager. And the reason for this has to do ", "with stress they get ulcers. Other people get act I still get acne at forty years old I've wondered when an earth that's gonna go way well depends on your stress level grappling 28 one. What and if I. -- -- -- -- So -- can eat you don't have to have -- act need to yet adult acne . An adult acne can start anywhere from 25 all the way up to you late forties He got some ingredients here that -- -- this ", "who really do see a trigger their  acne  after eating chocolate or drinking pregnant and so people who do have bad  acne  that doesn't respond to treatment next question. House and I apply my  acne medication  all over my face or just where the ", 'teenagers themselves. And there is no scientific data that chocolate soda causes acne so that is in -- However for patients who really do see a trigger their acne after eating chocolate or drinking soda the simple thing is to not have those products and see that helps. I think though ', "of the counts of pregnant and so people who do have bad acne that doesn't respond to treatment. I do try to warn senses stay off the dairy for a little while and see if ", "According to my guest today doctor's favorite aunt Kathy fields best known for the creation of the world renowned  acne medication  proactive and co developers of their own line of This may be the best time of year. From the start reversing some ", 'aunt Kathy fields best known for the creation of the world renowned acne medication proactive and co developers of their own line of -- -- This may be the best time of year. From the start ', "Acne  not only damages the skin it can also damage patients every day and they said adding even had  acne  is a teenager. Once they hit their 20s30s really great things coming for adults with  acne . Is there aren't companies that are making ", "Acne not only damages the skin it can also damage -- self esteem. And it doesn't just attack teenagers. But there are some new and improved treatment on the market that can help erase the effects of the skin condition. And here with more information is doctor Doris Day dermatologist and author of 100 questions and answers. About acting that that they great to see you again thanks for having me so how can -- of the most frustrating thing about it for someone who was a little bit older. Is that it can strike any time whether or not you've had a history of it. I know I -- patients every day and ", 'know I -- patients every day and they said adding even had acne is a teenager. Once they hit their 20s30s and even forties all of a sudden -- can start to come out and ', "even so stay tuned there's really great things coming for adults with acne . Is there aren't companies that are making ingredients that are anti oxidant. And anti bacterial for acne so they're adding in ingredients like how you Monica acid and retinoids. That helped acne but also are gentler to the skin -- a lesson drying less irritating and also go well under make up. They're great cover ups for acne as well in the over the counter where they add a little bit of -- -- acid and -- and sons -- -- to those products to help cover the acne and treated at the same time and still be good for wrinkles and the aging process fantastic in the prescription strength products ", "help them out in order for them to what's called pulling the animal united the shelter. The other night I pledged fourteen  pimples . and that were found together roaming. Streets there. How accurate patient. Didn't it have been hammered today and let ", "the shelter. -- -- -- -- The other night I pledged fourteen pimples . -- and -- that were found together roaming. Streets there. How -- accurate patient. Didn't it have been hammered today and let ", "during its the And it's also really important have a clean case before you work out in specially prevent break outs and  clogged pores  so were recommending that you wash your face with. Renee reload is main busting the insert which will help invigorate your ", 'clean case before you work out in specially prevent break outs and clogged pores so were recommending that you wash your face with. Renee reload is -- main busting the insert which will help invigorate your ']