['Seattle defensive tackle Brandon Mebane returned to full participation in practice Friday and is expected to play at Carolina on Sunday.Mebane was held out of practice Thursday with a calf injury. Head coach Pete Carroll says he\'s "in good shape" to play. Mebane has a history of calf ailments in the past, missing one game in the 2009 season and four in 2010 due to calf issues.Cornerback Marcus Trufant is questionable with a back issue that kept him out of practice Wednesday and Thursday. He returned for limited participation Friday. Carroll said he will be a game-time decision.Defensive tackle Jaye Howard is officially out. Howard injured his foot in practice last week and hasn\'t been able to work since. Guard John Moffitt is also out with a foot injury.___Online: http://pro32.ap.org/poll and http://twitter.com/AP_NFL...', 'The San Francisco 49ers have already earned themselves a place in the upcoming NFC playoffs, while the Seattle Seahawks are making a strong case for proving they bel...', "One of the high moments of the Chicago Bears ' 2010 season came in a playoff win over the Seattle Seahawks this past January. The reigning NFC champions find themsel...", "In a season that's been filled with low points, the St. Louis Rams may be about to hit rock bottom.Saddled with a three-game losing streak and the likelihood of havi...", 'The Philadelphia Eagles have often performed their best in December under Andy Reid . The expected Super Bowl contenders will be hoping that trend continues, as they...', "The Dallas Cowboys have demonstrated the ability to put sided defeat of its head coach's tenure when it hosts the Seattle Seahawks Sunday in a midseason matchup.Sinc...", 'OVERVIEWThe Seahawks are entering a new era under head coach Pete Carroll and general manager John Schneider. The franchise wiped the slate clean by firing previous ...', "Brett Favre somehow spun free from the Seahawks' clutches and stumbled ahead in the snow. Ever the gambler, he flipped a wobbly, underhanded pass that he had no busi...", "Oh yeah, the Seattle Seahawks won a game last week.But missing amid the officiating controversy is how well they've actually been playing, which doesn't bode well fo...", "When the NFL's schedule-makers tabbed the Green Bay Packers and Seattle Seahawks to square off as part of its prized Monday night package, they probably were envisio...", "The Seattle Seahawks are absolutely ecstatic about the potential of their new quarterback. The Arizona Cardinals, on the other hand, don't seem too enamored with the...", "The Dallas Cowboys were able to exorcise one demon in their first game of the 2012 season. They'll now have a chance to put behind a haunting moment from years past ...", "Pete Carroll isn't afraid to go against the grain, and that out-of-the-box thinking was never more evident during the Seattle Seahawks' preparations for the 2012 sea...", "With a few stiff-arms and even more broken tackles, Marshawn Lynch secured the Seattle Seahawks ' victory over New Orleans in last January's NFC Wild Card Playoffs, ..."]