["gas or or  reflux  disease is part of the  stomach  is wrapped reflux  of  stomach  contents in which  acid reflux  tends to As well as  Barrett ' s esophagus . Where lining another.  Barrett ' s esophagus  is a risk reflux  such  heartburn  in regard ", "The primary surgical treatment for gas or -- or reflux disease is in this and fun application. This is the procedure which the upper part of the stomach is wrapped around the lower part of the esophagus. Thereby creating a high pressure area to prevent the reflux of stomach contents. Into the lower esophagus. Surgery is reserved for too broad groups of patients. First patients with severe disease especially something called nocturnal reflux in which acid reflux tends to occur in the night time. While the patient is lying flat. This -- of reflux is more severe and has been associated with higher rates of complications such as softened -- which is an inflammation in the esophagus. As well as -- Barrett's esophagus Where -- lining in the esophagus changes from one type of cell to another. Barrett's esophagus is a risk factor for -- -- cancer in these patients should be treated surgically when appropriate. The second with patients are young patients who have typical symptoms of reflux such -- heartburn in regard to patient. Who opt not to take -- medications such as proton pump inhibitors. Studies have shown that in these ", "from severe  heartburn  new hope. That mislead you have  indigestion  after every Mitchell suffered  heartburn  or  acid reflux  for twenty years have chronic  heartburn . Well the problem often called  Barrett ' s esophagus . And for that ", "now a controversial cutting edge treatment is giving those suffering from severe heartburn new hope. That their condition will not turn to something far worse here's ABC's John McKenzie. Todd Mitchell -- that. 32. A cancer of the esophagus and did the same symptoms that I had -- ray -- tonight -- trying to mislead you have indigestion after every meal. -- -- Don Mitchell suffered heartburn or acid reflux for twenty years never thinking about the health risks opposed. Until we saw what it did to his son. Americans spend more ", "to a condition known as  Barrett ' s esophagus  one of the major long term complications.  Barrett ' s esophagus  is changing in the lining and more. Gas for sub  reflux  leading to  Barrett ' s esophagus . And eventually the development ", "if untreated can progress over many years to a condition known as Barrett's esophagus one of the major long term complications. Barrett's esophagus is -- changing in the lining of the esophagus from one type of cell to another. And is important because it increases the patient's risk for development of esophageal cancer. It's off until cancer is becoming an increasing health problem amongst men and its incidence is rising dramatically over the past decade or two. One thought for the increase in this cancer is that men are experiencing more and more. Gas for sub -- reflux leading to Barrett's esophagus . And eventually the development of esophageal cancer. The second major long term complication of untreated reflux is in development of something called an esophageal stricter. This is a narrowing in the esophagus that occurs due to scarring from longstanding reflux . This diagnosis is often made again with an upper endoscopy. In patients may present to the position complaining of trouble swallowing. Treatment ", "symptoms of such as  heartburn  and regurgitate Patients with bad  reflux  we'll have severest a stretcher or  Barrett ' s esophagus  and which the lining of gas sub zero  reflux  is an Aston PH esophagus were  reflux  is more likely ", "Patients with typical symptoms of -- such as heartburn and regurgitate and can be diagnosed with a visit to their position in a quick history and physical examination. Patients with more severe disease. Or disease that is resistant to treatment with medications. Often require more invasive testing. The first line test is an upper endoscopy. This is a procedure in which it to with a camera on the and is inserted through the mouth into the lower esophagus to visualize a lining of this office. Patients with -- bad reflux we'll have severest offered today is which is an inflammation of this lining. Or tokens -- can have evidence of long term complications such as a stretcher or Barrett's esophagus and which the lining of the esophagus changes from one cell. Type to another. The gold standard for diagnosis of gas -- sub zero reflux is an Aston PH monitors. These tests occur with either a wireless or catheter based technique in which the patients 24 hour asset exposures measured. By placing a sensor in the distillate softness. The this'll esophagus is the lower part of esophagus were reflux is more likely to occur. Patients typically have a catheter placed. And have have this in place for 24 hours during which time there are advised to return to their normal everyday activities. And -- and died. After completion of this testing opposition will interpret the results in the office. And give a patient over reading on whether the reflux -- severe. Weather medications may be and a. ", 'sometimes we called  heartburn  one actually has we so often call  heartburn  is actually get Astro deal.  Reflux  of flocks anyway what I thought was  acid reflux  or some  heartburn . About six years this esophageal  reflux  how many people standing up. And  stomach  at the bottom the ', '-- I first started to notice signs of what I thought was acid reflux or -- some heartburn About six years ago I think -- -- -- -- of sent center next and it had a raspy voice I was ', 'Symptoms of  Gerd  can be divided into two Typical symptoms are  heartburn  which are which is described Coming up from the  stomach  into the esophagus identified as being due to  acid reflux  but with the proper testing gas are so obvious you  reflux  occur more than once ', "Symptoms of Gerd can be divided into two broad categories typical and atypical symptoms. Typical symptoms are heartburn which are which is described as a burning sensation in the mid chest. As well wasn't -- patient which is a sensation of gastric contents and gastric juices. Coming up from the stomach into the esophagus. And into the back of the throat. Atypical symptoms. Are things such as chronic cough. Atypical chest pain which is often confused with test in originating from the cardiac region shortness of breath. Asthma as well as sore throat. These symptoms sometimes are not clearly identified as being due to acid reflux but with the proper testing. The final diagnosis can be made. Pages to seek physicians' attention when symptoms of gas are so obvious you reflux occur more than once or twice weekly. Or if they have more concerning symptoms such as trouble swallowing. Weight loss or Anemia. ", 'suffer from gastric  reflux  we have this new on the study and  acid reflux  in general. Doctor production invest in the  stomach  for longer periods of is how serious  reflux  can beat. answer But really you have  acid reflux  and as you pointed ', "GMA medical alert for the millions of people who suffer from gastric reflux we have this new study out this morning that shows that people fifty years and older who take powerful drugs like -- was second -- and privacy at. May be at higher risk for bone fractures there was more on the study and acid reflux in general. Doctor Tim Johnson always a pleasure what do you make of this thing. Well we have to take it seriously because it's well done it's a case control study meaning it doesn't prove causation. But it shows a link between people who take these powerful. Anti -- drugs drugs that cut off the production invest in the stomach for longer periods of time and it. Increased risk for fractures didn't really show up until they've been taking them at least seven years. And one of the theories is that they're so effective in cutting down -- production that may be that calcium. In the stomach and intestines doesn't get absorbed as well and that leads to bone weakness we don't know. But we're certainly gonna have to pay attention this I want a plan -- Chris quickly that. The other two categories of drugs people make real antacids. Or the H two blockers were not incriminate -- it's just the most. Powerful drugs and three you mentioned sort of a doctor's orders in terms of when people hear about that it they're going to be talking to their patients who have been around long term and what we really have to remind yourself of is how serious reflux can beat. -- answer coming up. The food pipe can cause a lot of damage to the food -- the esophagus. Worst case scenario leads to an increased risk for esophageal cancer. And if I can use this model. I'll point out so other things that happened with reflux that people don't even know about sometimes we sometimes refer to them asylum reflects because that -- comes up the aside because. He gets up in the throat area it can cause a sore throat for example for people doesn't seem like regular cars and light rail Hartford may be just a lump in the throat it can go down the food and if you -- the windpipe. Got get down into the voice box in the larynx and cause ulcers and irritation. Nod jewels on the on the vocal cords so. Reflux is a serious disease and we have to treat it seriously that's why these drugs have been such a godsend for people with the most serious form and you suggested you know why we care because first what you think you have a sore throat you think you have asthma. But really you have acid reflux and as you pointed out esophageal cancer -- the fastest growing -- off another thing that people just write off for years ", 'New epidemic of  heartburn  and  acid reflux  striking fifteen million especially among boomer women  acid reflux . A condition where  stomach  acid leaks back into the million Americans experience  acid reflux  at least once a month ', 'New epidemic of heartburn and acid reflux striking fifteen million Americans every day. Men and women but a new study says that boomer women. Are suffering more than anyone ', 'my chest. -- suffered from a growing problem especially among boomer women acid reflux . A condition where stomach acid leaks back into the esophagus your food pipe. As many as sixty million Americans experience acid reflux at least once a month. New research out of Europe -- 50% more people suffer from harper now than a decade ago. And increase that worries experts. It can cause scarring in the esophagus you can also has been linked to causing esophageal cancer. The -- the -- cancer is rare but particularly deadly. Killing 83% of those diagnosed after five years so -- the upswing in heartburn partly obesity also lifestyle. And -- one doctor put it we become a -- generation. All of those -- chase along with ', "about the scourge of  acid reflux  but did you know as us to talk more about  acid reflux  and it's surprising about when it comes to  acid reflux  and a symptoms we often on TV and so on and  indigestion  as well. But it now ", "an estimated 100 million Americans. We are talking about the scourge of acid reflux but did you know as many as eight million of these sufferers go undiagnosed. Here to get to the bottom of all this is our chief medical editor doctor Timothy Johnson. -- -- Thank you Tonya and joining us to talk more about acid reflux and it's surprising summertime silent symptoms. Is doctor Jamie Kaufman who is a physician and founder of the bois institute of New York we thank you for taking the time to join us today. Good morning -- thanks for having me so remind us. Both the classic symptoms we often hear about when it comes to acid reflux and a -- symptoms we often do not hear about. The -- silent reflux is relatively new and it's just now sort of striking the public's awareness. I'm -- turn -- crushing chest pain after a particularly big heavy greasy fried me -- People aware obviously -- -- ads on TV and so on and indigestion as well. But it now turns out that horse -- a sensational lump in the throat. Difficulties lawn. Didn't so much mucus all the time -- -- people clearing of throats all the time. And finally cough cough is actually a big symptom of reflux disease and particularly people who wake up in the middle of the night where seem to be. -- clearing coughing both all of the time these are very very very prominent symptoms for reflux years. And since they're so common how does the average person or even the average doctor know that are caused by -- ", 'Well over. 50% of people who suffer with  heartburn  believe that they are hectic lifestyle and work related stress. Contribute to their symptoms. So in this way we believe there ', 'Well over. 50% of people who suffer with heartburn believe that they are hectic lifestyle and work related stress. Contribute to their symptoms. So in this way we believe there is ', 'the best treatments for  acid reflux  is first again to look of food NASA from the  stomach . Eating. diet high are protective to the  stomach . There and not smoking causes stress ulcers and  stomach . One of my favorites ', "One of the best treatments for acid reflux is first again to look at the lifestyle generally people are overheating and there eating too late at night. There eating foods that are high in saturated or trans fats. Or processed foods. Pop temperament can be really irritating. And form of candy or T and then it violates the esophagus slowdown and a -- -- -- and come back up. But only look at supplements in addition to lifestyle changes which should include exercise which helps. Speed up the removal of food NASA from the stomach Eating. -- diet high in fruits and vegetables which are protective to the stomach There -- and not smoking or drinking too much caffeine alcohol or carbonated beverages. But then when we look at herbs and it if a patient -- interest in avoiding a proton pump inhibitor or an H two blocker senses. We're nudity we look at mastic come. 500 milligrams three times a day which can be anti bacterial help fight off H pylori which causes -- stress ulcers and stomach One of my favorites is to use DGO acreage which is called the closer rise and it licorice 25500. Milligrams before each ", 'from topical  reflux  commonly known procedure to cure  acid reflux  as doctor Carson starts from the  stomach  and goes up into know that now is  acid reflux . The same thing as  heartburn . It is at the flaps of the  stomach  at the junction ', "Most twenty million people suffer from -- -- -- topical reflux commonly known as bird or heart -- Leading to nearly five million doctor visits. Now while many find relief from over the counter or prescription drugs the FDA is now warning that prolonged usage of those drugs could lead to bone damage and osteoporosis. To -- to tell us about a new procedure to cure acid reflux as doctor Carson wouldn't afternoon thank you Virginia thank you. Before we talk about this procedure if you would please explain what exactly after we -- it. -- -- response was exactly what it is stating you have ambassador bile that starts from the stomach and goes up into the esophagus and people. Fields of their chances on fire. When they feel they have pressure. It's very ", "between obesity and athletic there is is a high likelihood of having reflux in a lot of the procedures that we do. -- that we need to address the underlying problem being overweight. Which is of major contributor along with smoking. Coffee drinking chocolate which lowers the splintered lowers offices -- -- so that's interesting I didn't know that now is acid reflux . The same thing as heartburn It is at the medical terminology is that Castro suffered a -- -- -- most people know as harper. Right now are ", 'acid production in this bombing. Because most symptoms of  Gerd  our due to Aston escaping from the  stomach  entering the lower esophagus. These medications have been effective and well over 95%. Of patients with cast herself as a  reflux  disease. There widespread use has also been because of their ', 'so oppressors. Of acid production in this bombing. Because most symptoms of Gerd our due to Aston escaping from the stomach entering the lower esophagus. These medications have been shown. To be effective and well over 95%. Of patients with cast herself as a reflux disease. There widespread use has also been because of their safety profile. For the most part these medications are safe especially when ', 'Reflux  especially severe  reflux  is caused that one major abnormalities and this abnormality lower esophageal Spencer. This is a valve between the  stomach  and esophagus that helps to prevent  reflux . From occurring. Conditions which put strain on ', 'Reflux especially severe reflux is caused that one major abnormalities and this abnormality lies with the lower esophageal Spencer. This is a valve between the stomach and esophagus that helps to prevent reflux . From occurring. Conditions which put strain on this now or weaken the muscle in this now can predispose to reflux . Risk factors for men in particular are obesity. Tobacco use an alcohol consumption. As well as dietary factors such as the intake of caffeinated beverages. And foods. Typical food triggers such as fatty foods. Chocolate and tomato based products can often cause reflux in otherwise asymptomatic patients. Obesity puts strain on the lower -- just enter this bout between the stomach and esophagus. And thereby predispose -- to more severe reflux . Some -- alcohol and tobacco consumption. -- this valve -- can predispose to reflux all of these risk factors for the most far more common in men. And quick dietary modification and lifestyle modification including weight ', "complications from on treated guests  reflux  disease is quite uncommon common symptoms such as  heartburn  a regurgitate shouldn't complications from severe  reflux . However patients that have longstanding  reflux  typically at night while ", "Dental complications from on treated guests -- -- -- reflux disease is quite uncommon. Patients typically present with more common symptoms such as heartburn a regurgitate shouldn't. And now with the efficacy of new therapies in the safety of medications such as proton pump inhibitors it is -- to -- -- complications from severe reflux . However patients that have longstanding reflux typically at night while lying down. Can actually have dental problems which may not be an issue recognized. A careful history and physical examination will often reveal signs or symptoms of severe reflux . Such as irritation in the esophagus. Or irritation in the back of the throat. ", 'in patients with mild Castro salvage a  reflux  disease. Patients with symptoms once their diet. The list of gas or salvage a  reflux  inducing foods is quite long but there relief of symptoms from gas to salvage a  reflux  disease. In a majority of patients ', 'Dietary modification can be helpful in patients with mild Castro salvage a reflux disease. Patients with symptoms once or twice weekly can often stay off of medications just by modifying their diet. The list of gas or salvage a reflux inducing foods is quite long but there are some common triggers a patient should be aware. Caffeinated beverages such as coffee tea soda -- clear culprits. As Los fatty foods foods containing tomato based sauces tomato products. Chocolate. As well as excessive alcohol consumption. Decreasing or eliminating these items completely from the diet can often achieve relief of symptoms from gas to salvage a reflux disease. In a majority of patients. Patients for -- dietary modification does not offer relief should seek further advice from their position ', 'part of the esophagus were  reflux  tends to The stronger classes the amount of secreted by the  stomach . Proton pump inhibitors in amount of Aston produce in the  stomach  by well over 90%. Overall treatment of gas for salvage a  reflux  disease especially in young ', 'this -- office which is a lower part of the esophagus were reflux tends to -- The stronger classes of medications histamine receptor blockers such as Zantac and proton pump inhibitors such as privacy -- Or more effective in patients with more severe disease. These medications both work by decreasing the amount of -- secreted by the stomach . Proton pump inhibitors in general are more effective. By -- by decreasing the amount of Aston produce in the stomach by well over 90%. Overall these medications are very safe but in certain select populations caution should be used with long term therapy. In particular the proton pump inhibitors have been linked to higher rates of osteoporosis. Mostly in women. And infections in hospitalized patients. These concerns are not relevant to the outpatient treatment of gas for salvage a reflux disease especially in young middle aged men. ', 'been no controlled studies of natural remedies to treat gas salvage a  reflux  disease. Although there are brief reports of substances such as licorice alcohol and tobacco use also can be natural remedies for gas salvage a  reflux  disease.', 'no controlled studies of natural remedies to treat gas -- salvage a reflux disease. Although there are brief reports of substances such as licorice aloe Vera. Achieving relief of symptoms and a majority of patients. ', "type of histamine receptor called his type two. mainly found in the  stomach . And we're familiar with this the type of medicines we take for asset problems in the  stomach . However the same type two receptors can also be found in the skin ", "receptor called his -- -- type two. -- mainly found in the stomach . And we're familiar with this the type of medicines we take for asset problems in the stomach . However the same type two receptors can also be found in the skin. And so if somebody is having high -- more "]