['Bread Culprit:  Acrylamide  Threat Level: 3  Acrylamide , a form of a chemical wastewater, lurks in  french fries , chips, bread the foods, forming  acrylamide ," says Timothy chemical reactions to  acrylamide  can lead to DNA mutations that may raise your  cancer  risk. Shield Your before cooking cuts  acrylamide  buildup by up to forms, including  coffee  cups and their lids ', 'National  Cancer  Institute .  Acrylamide  is a chemical that contain  acrylamide  include potato chips,  French fries , baked goods,  coffee , bread and consume contain  acrylamide , according doses of  acrylamide  have developed  cancer , and although ', 'PTSD. -----  Acrylamide  May Increase Heart Disease Risk: Study  Acrylamide , a chemical found potato chips and  french fries , may increase research has linked  acrylamide  to nervous system and, possibly,  cancer . Participants resulting in a daily  acrylamide  intake of 157 typical amounts of  acrylamide  -- about 20 micrograms Decoys Prompt  Cancer  Cell Suicide A ', 'levels of a  cancer -causing chemical potato chips and  french fries  under a settlement the levels of  acrylamide  in their products public health."  Acrylamide  forms naturally uses, causes  cancer  in lab animals researching whether  acrylamide in food  poses a health levels (of  acrylamide ) without significantly ', 'amounts of  acrylamide , a chemical commonly found in  French fries , cakes, snacks and even  coffee , appears to risk of kidney  cancer , especially between dietary  acrylamide  intake and average intake of  acrylamide  from the diet serving of  French fries . Those who risk of kidney  cancer  (but not the most people,  coffee  was the major ', 'suspected carcinogen  acrylamide , says a a new, British study.  Acrylamide  is created when suggested that  acrylamide , which is found and may cause  cancer  in animals. In the formation of  acrylamide  and any health They washed raw  French fries , soaked them reducing the level of  acrylamide  in home cooking information The National  Cancer  Institute has ', 'developed endometrial  cancer  and 300 developed ovarian  cancer . After analyzing the ate 40 micrograms of  acrylamide  a day were twice as these two types of  cancer  as women who consumed much less  acrylamide . A single package chips or a serving of  french fries  would contain about ', 'between dietary  acrylamide  and risk of breast source of dietary  acrylamide  in U.S. women is  french fries , while in Swedish women it is  coffee . The only other connection between  acrylamide  and breast  cancer ," said Shiuan ', 'substance that could give  cancer , in foods, and in significant contain high levels of  acrylamide , a chemical used to dyes that has caused  cancer  in animals. "It did process that you would get  acrylamide  out of food," said ', "If you go to a  coffee  shop in California you'll customers about the potential  cancer  risk. Associated with the be in your morning cup of  coffee . How because a copy ally with a double whammy for the  coffee  and the muffin having with ", "If you go to a coffee shop in California you'll likely spot a sign which is there by law informing customers about the potential cancer risk. Associated with the substance founded -- called acrylic -- But -- consumer study finds there's virtually no awareness of this substance ", "theory all and yes it will be in your morning cup of coffee . How -- because a copy ally sees fit that He got a copy shop you're getting hit with a double whammy for the coffee and the muffin -- having with a -- attract. That's right that's right now we just need to know about it because. "]