['with an empty container for a generic substitute of the drug  Adderall . The container for the stimulant said the prescription was Washington state for a physician who would provide him with  Adderall . Nataliya Cramer reported to Lacey police on July 8 that her ', 'engineering products touted as alternatives to  Adderall , a prescription drug used to help improve disorder . While the websites for these  Adderall  alternatives say there is no prescription amphetamines, the active ingredient in  Adderall . "Some of the chemicals we\'re talking ', 'anxiety, and sleeplessness. Zimmerman\'s attorney, Mark O\'Mara, also released records showing that Zimmerman took  Adderall , which treats attention disorders, and Omeprazole, which treats digestive problems. "If the court sees fit to release ', 'Discontinued Treatment of ADHD Could Impact Emotional, Social Wellbeing, Study Finds', 'children with ADHD who took stimulants reported feeling better and in control of their behavior. Stimulants such as Ritalin,  Adderall , and Strattera, are considered among many physicians the most effective treatment for ADHD. "Not everyone needs medication ', "'Operation Dot Com': Sting Reveals Drug Dealers Openly Advertising on Craigslist", 'of dope" and open advertisements for  Adderall , Xanax, or Oxycontin. One ad offered seen the number of prescriptions for  Adderall  and Oxycontin both skyrocket, with each search of Craigslist revealed ads selling  Adderall  in Los Angeles for $8 a pill. In Philadelphia ', 'ADDTabz as a nonprescription alternative to  Adderall , which contains amphetamines. Image non-prescription alternative to the ADHD drug  Adderall . Increasingly, college students are differs from the real deal. Prescription  Adderall  is a potentially addictive amphetamine ', 'CDC. The rise in diagnosis has led to an increase in children who are prescribed stimulant medications such as Ritalin and  Adderall  . However, the question remains among many parents and experts is whether children are overprescribed medications without ', "eyes didn't even take in the paragraph above this one because you were averting your eyes from the enervating name. Now:  Adderall , Johnny Depp Divorce, Rihanna, Barack Obama. See, you're back into reading. Romney's name should have the makings of decent ", 'appropriately treated." Increase in ADHD Drug Prescriptions Due to Increased Diagnosis Ritalin and other ADHD drugs like  Adderall  account for most of the ADHD drug prescriptions between 2002 and 2010, but the researchers noted use of these medications ', 'Beware of fake versions of ADHD medication  Adderall  that are being sold on the Internet spokesperson Shelly Burgess told ABC News.  Adderall  is approved by the FDA to treat attention contain the correct active ingredients for  Adderall . Instead, it contained acetaminophen ', 'ABC News Exclusive: Zimmerman Medical Report Shows Broken Nose, Lacerations After Trayvon Martin Shooting', 'with [sic] his psychologist for evaluation." According to the report, prior to the shooting Zimmerman had been prescribed  Adderall  and Temazepam, medications that can cause side effects such as agitation and mood swings, but in fewer than 10 percent of ', 'frontman Kurt Cobain, says that Love "has taken drugs for as long as I can remember. She basically exists now on ... Xanax,  Adderall , Sonata and Abilify, sugar and cigarettes. She rarely eats ... She often falls asleep in her bed while she is smoking ', 'A doctor in Los Angeles County has been charged with murder after three of her patients died of prescription drug overdoses. Dr. Hsiu-Ying "Lisa" Tseng, 42, an osteopathic physician in Rowland Heights, Calif., allegedly wrote an average of 25 prescriptions per day over the last three years for', 'It can to make it collects it from women what was the first and took I decided to try it time to see how much energy would get me it was immediate like I was able ticket all the stuff done around the house I was able to. You know cook the dinner and have everything perfect. And I liked the way feel', 'caught on to bold ads that promise xanax,  adderall  and bundles of dope. The nypd announced campuses. You have friends who take  adderall ? Yeah. Reporter: If you wanted to great deals for study aids and drugs like  adderall , for $8 a pill, or a simple New york ', "this week, as police caught on to bold ads that promise xanax, adderall and bundles of dope. The nypd announced 21 arrests. Including a brooklyn dental assistant who denies allegations she illegally sold pills to undercover cops three times. And a grad student at nyu pled not guilty to feeding the growing desire for stimulants on college campuses. You have friends who take adderall ? Yeah. Reporter: If you wanted to, would you know where to get it? I think so. Reporter: It's that widespread? Yeah. Definitely. ", 'active right now. Offering great deals for study aids and drugs like adderall , for $8 a pill, or a simple New york commissioner ray kelly is leading the national fight against the troubling trend. Multiple ', 'quick search in los angeles just turned up three dozen advertisements for adderall . Dan, bianna, ironically, some of the advertisements asking law enforcement not to respond. Adderall ,aking off in so many segments in society. Thank you for your reporting this morning. Switching gears, now. ']