['New Jersey governor sounded off at reports who questioned him about his secret surgery.', "before feeling full. And people can lose 65%. Of their excess weight. Forty pounds on average right now the FDA states  lap band  surgery is only appropriate for the morbidly obese. Here's how breaks down today a five foot six inch person without ", "their excess weight. Forty pounds on average right now the FDA states lap band surgery is only appropriate for the morbidly obese. Here's how -- breaks down today a five foot six inch person without medical ", 'life-changing decision. Joining the americans who will get  weight loss surgery  this year. You see the difference. Here he is two years of new jersey decided to share why he underwent secret  weight loss surgery . I did this for myself, my wife and my children. And ', 'chris christie and the life-changing decision. Joining the americans who will get weight loss surgery this year. You see the difference. Here he is two years ago. And here he is today. 30 pounds lost since the ', 'colorful governor of new jersey decided to share why he underwent secret weight loss surgery . I did this for myself, my wife and my children. And unlike some of you, they will still pay attention to me ', 'underwent  lap band  surgery as were done  adjustable gastric band  but then also standard. But  weight loss surgery . And well exactly sued the  adjustable gastric band  is one where Well that the  adjustable gastric band  as I said ', "there were two sets of operations that were done -- -- -- adjustable gastric band but then also some of them had the room and Y gastric bypass the it's kind of standard gold standard. But weight loss surgery . And well the study showed with that. This patients who lost more than 50% at their access body weight -- the most ", '-- -- they were two different types cracked. Right exactly sued the adjustable gastric band is one where you actually put a little -- last -- or or rubber or plastic band. Around the upper part of ', "you want to be ultimately. All that that Latin band or their gastric band . Is thought to not be as good if you're very very overweight. I was going to ask who -- the best candidates for each of those types of surgery. Well that the adjustable gastric band as I said doesn't have you losing as much weight Xavier super heavy to Begin with that may not be the best ", "revealing a stunning second surgery just two months ago. A  lap band  procedure to help her lose the 63 pounds she gained birth to her two daughters. You know surgeon decided to  gastric band  in and around her bypass. That's not often gone 12100 ", "now she's revealing a stunning second surgery just two months ago. A lap band procedure to help her lose the 63 pounds she gained after giving birth to her two daughters. You know surgeon decided to -- gastric band -- -- in and around her bypass. That's not often gone 12100 music can be very effective in helping the person really ", 'teens who had  gastric banding  surgery. Lost pros and cons of  weight loss surgery  in teens we turned underwent. A  lap band  procedure which remind us what  lap band  surgery is vs for obesity.  Lap band  surgery is basically ', 'divided them into two groups randomly -- 25 patients who underwent. A lap band procedure which is very hat -- surgery. 125 patients to underwent intensive medical therapy that is lifestyle changes. Nutrition and diet and ', 'change lost about six or seven pounds. And so remind us what lap band surgery is vs bypass surgery for obesity. -- Lap band surgery is basically a -- last occur plastic -- -- place around the top part of the stomach. That divides the stomach into a small upstairs and -- downstairs. When the upstairs -- -- the whole house feels full. The lap band is adjustable and other words you can change how. The food and -- from that upper house into the lower -- by ', "the intestines which is an irreversible procedure. This is different from the lap band -- that you don't really reroute any of the intestinal anatomy the patient's anatomy stays basically the same so. We'll say it's more reversible if need be. And less likely to produce complications I assume. Correct and the complications that you do get with a lap band surgery tend to be less serious. Now this operation as benign as it sounds is not yet approved for. People under eighteen ", 'Weight loss surgery  has become a very popular option for obese people needing to lose And 2007. The FDA has not approved the procedure for kids but  gastric banding  band is placed around the upper stomach. Increased seven fold ', 'Weight loss surgery has become a very popular option for obese people needing to lose weight. Now about 25% of American adolescents are overweight and a new study based in California found that surgery. Is even on the rise among obese teens. 509. -- California teenagers a thirteen to twenty years old underwent surgery between 2005. And 2007. The FDA has not approved the procedure for kids but gastric banding -- band is placed around the upper stomach. Increased seven fold during the two year study period. White teens underwent 65%. Of ', "seen an uptick in the number of women seeking  weight loss surgery lap band  gastric bypass as an infertility treatment get pregnant the first 1218 months after the  weight loss surgery  during the rapid weight loss phase. That's ", "Tim Norwood has seen an uptick in the number of women seeking weight loss surgery lap band -- gastric bypass as an infertility treatment. -- -- -- In desperation Britney turner did. It does work but I was born not to get pregnant the first 1218 months after the weight loss surgery -- during the rapid weight loss phase. That's word you're nutrition is being affected the most. And as a result I think ", 'surgery. Techniques like adjustable  gastric banding  and gastric bypass are being done relatively pour long term results for  gastric banding . And here to discuss this song is Better than most popular and that  gastric banding . stop laparoscopic usually gastric ', '-- managing morbid obesity one promising option is surgery. Techniques like adjustable gastric banding and gastric bypass are being done laparoscopic -- And now the two procedures are being compared for individuals in need of surgical weight reduction. A recent study from the university -- -- city center in Brussels showed relatively pour -- long term results for gastric banding . And here to discuss this song is doctor Karen Boyle doctor Boyle thanks so much for joining us and having impact. So ', "for weight lost -- two. Better than most popular and that -- gastric banding . -- -- stop laparoscopic usually gastric emptying and gastric bypass and lots of different kinds of bypass procedures and those of the two months common. That are being -- and is one more popular than the other at this point. Not necessarily but gastric banding have got a lot of attention because it's easier to perform. They're usually shorter hospital stay with me that gastric banding and with the gastric bypass. It is -- longer hospital stay and requires actual cutting -- now so people were interested in ", 'ago was out of options when she and her doctor weight loss procedure called laparoscopic adjustable  gastric banding . Commonly known as the  lap band . Where an adjustable band is raptor and the upper part of the stomach dividing it into two parts ', 'she and her doctor -- -- weight loss procedure called laparoscopic adjustable gastric banding . Commonly known as the lap band . Where an adjustable band is raptor and the upper part of the stomach dividing it into two parts. A port connects the ', 'really add too much to it. The other major procedures and the United States is a  gastric banding  procedure. Formally called the laparoscopic  adjustable gastric band . And that creates a crimp in the stomach with a band around the stomach which ', 'to it. The other major procedures and the United States is a gastric banding procedure. Formally called the laparoscopic adjustable gastric band . And that creates a crimp in the stomach with a band around the stomach which slows the passage of food from the ', "diabetes to receive either diet and exercise counseling. Or  gastric banding  surgery. In which band is placed around the patient's the obesity surgery vastly superior at securing 73%. Of  gastric banding  patients went into remission compared to just 13% of patients ", "obese people with diabetes to receive either diet and exercise counseling. Or gastric banding surgery. In which -- band is placed around the patient's stomach to make it smaller. Results showed the obesity surgery vastly superior at securing -- -- -- 73%. Of gastric banding patients went into remission compared to just 13% of patients who tried diet and exercise. Doctors say the reason is that obesity ", 'desperation. So many people to lose weight done right the  lap band  procedure is a proven safe technique. But in the last three years five patients have died after  lap band  surgery at the Brothers outpatient clinics including Laura ', 'into the desperation. So many people to lose weight done right the lap band procedure is a proven safe technique. But in the last three years five patients have died after lap band surgery at the Brothers outpatient clinics including Laura -- Whose husband says she was the victim of a sub standard clinic with ', 'Lap band  surgery a popular medical procedure that the past two years shortly after receiving  lap band  in Southern California three at the same referred to their surgeons through 1800 get  lap band  procedure is becoming more popular doctors ', 'Lap band surgery a popular medical procedure that is marketed as a safe and effective way to lose weight. But California surgical centers now ', 'fourth patient to die in the past two years shortly after receiving lap band in Southern California three at the same Beverly Hills clinic. The LA times reports all four were referred to their surgeons through 1800 get -- -- lap band procedure is becoming more popular doctors insert an inflatable ring around the stomach designed to decrease the amount of food intake. But ', "family in court. And ABC's doctor Richard -- reports that 30% of lap band patients actually get it removed because of complications and 90%. -- some side effects. ", 'New jersey governor chris christie announcing that after struggle with obesity he revealed he secretly had  lap band  stomach surgery at the urging of family and friends and jon karl is here with the latest. He says it has nothing to do with the ', 'christie announcing that after struggle with obesity he revealed he secretly had lap band stomach surgery at the urging of family and friends and jon karl is here with the latest. He says it has nothing ', "All of the study was done actually by the author who first started doing bands are really billions around the world. And He did a long term review of his patience and the success rate that he's had with band. He was surprised to find quite a few complications. And not nearly as much success as", "morning a committee is meeting to look to see whether the this surgery left answer he should be expanded to more people. In  lap band  surgery inflatable ring program party your stomach that's inflated and that decreases the amount of food you can take ", "this surgery left answer he should be expanded to more people. In lap band surgery -- inflatable ring -- program party your stomach that's inflated and that decreases the amount of food you can take in ", "that there's it. You know you  realize  said before there was nothing they UK which suggests this procedure  lap band  procedure to anybody else know to good investment. He opted for  lap band  surgery because it would be the most ", "hearing that there's -- -- -- -- -- it. You know you realize -- said before there was nothing they said it's their presence. It's their presence in their age and I -- -- As ", 'stairs three years ago she had  gastric band  surgery lost nearly 200 pounds about gastric bypass so that the  gastric .  banding  why did you decide. That Robin sponsored by the manufacturer. the  lap band  and you go to abcnews.com ', 'an obesity obesity awareness campaign that sponsored by the manufacturer. -- the lap band and you go to abcnews.com. To read an excerpt from. -- -- -- ', 'all of my baby weight, all that extra pudge down around the belly button area. Reporter: No surprise to ann grogan --  gastric banding  is quite a similar process to corseting. Both seriously restrict the abdomen and the ability to eat large portions. Oh ', 'around the belly button area. Reporter: No surprise to ann grogan -- gastric banding is quite a similar process to corseting. Both seriously restrict the abdomen and the ability to eat large portions. Oh. Just pull ']