['undergone  weight - loss surgery . "I realized undergone  weight - loss surgery , according reveals he had  lap - band  surgery Brooks has her  gastric band  -- packets coverage for  weight - loss surgery . "Our story that people  realize  the social ', 'believe in second-term curses to  realize  it\'s not just tea partiers with DONNA BRAZILE on Chris Chirstie\'s  lap - band  surgery: "The truth is that I\'m Gov. Christie\'s decision to have  lap band  surgery was motivated by politics ', "route down there, get the clearances to go in - that's a day or two of activity. Brazile roots for Christie post- lap band  surgery, 'it humanizes him' BRAZILE: The truth is that I'm rooting for him. I think he's doing the right thing ", 'paleontologist." Click here to read more \'I Did This for Myself, My Wife, and My Children.\' Chris Christie got  Lap - Band  surgery to help slim down, but the New Jersey governor says it\'s not about a run for the White House, despite all ', "Magazine's Joe Klein to answer five questions. 1) To what extent do you think New Jersey Gov. Christie's decision to have  lap band  surgery was motivated by politics? Joe Klein: Oh, it was absolutely motivated by politics - you simply can't run ", "majority of complications from  weight loss surgery  are minor, but none of the procedures underwent the same minimally invasive  lap - band  procedure that New Jersey Gov the knife. Chris Christie's  Lap - Band  Surgery Less Invasive, Slower ", "every possible question about his  lap band  surgery. He said it wasn't about ws/10EYlMY CHRIS CHRISTIE SAYS  LAP - BAND  SURGERY IS ALL ABOUT FAMILY. Chris Christie got  Lap - Band  surgery to help slim down, but as ", 'Hours After Secret Surgery Is Revealed, Christie Faces Friendly Barbs From the Press and Jabs Back', 'HAMILTON, N.J. - Just hours after New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie faced the press and questions about his newly revealed  Lap - Band  surgery he endured some friendly barbs from the New Jersey press corps, as well as throwing a few back himself. Kevin ', "(Julio Cortez/AP Photo) NEWARK, N.J. - Chris Christie got  Lap - Band  surgery to help slim down, but the New Jersey governor says it's not about a run for the White House, despite all the speculation ", "PM Note - Mr. Sanford's Wild Ride, Mr. Christie's Lap Band , Mr. Flake and Second Acts", 'Procedure - Chris Christie is the first governor to undergo  lap band  surgery - http://abcn.ws/18sfoJB It started as and I\'m not answering" More from the Medical Unit On  Lap Band  - It isn\'t as invasive as gastric bypass and takes longer ', "Chris Christie After months of being scrutinized for his weight, New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie has admitted to getting  lap band  surgery. Christie reportedly had the procedure done over President's Day weekend. Christie has been vocal about his ", 'On February 16th, New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie checked into a medical center under a false name and underwent  lap - band  surgery, receiving an inflatable silicone device around the top portion of his stomach in order to slow down and lessen ', 'secretly undergone  Lap - Band  surgery in February told ABC News.  Lap - Band  surgery is among less-invasive forms of  gastric band  surgery. According Although as with any  weight - loss surgery , the goal is explained that  Lap - Band  surgery differed ', 'has revealed to the world he had  weight loss surgery  earlier this year there are big who questioned why he kept his  lap band  waist surgery secret even from the name i used. Reporter: In  lap band  surgery doctors place a silicone ', "Reporter: Sounded off at reporters fuse who questioned why he kept his lap band waist surgery secret even from his lieutenant governor. It's like deciding if I take a nap on saturday, do I say, kim, ", "about that. I'm not telling you the name i used. Reporter: In lap band surgery doctors place a silicone band around the stomach to reduce its size reducing the amount of food it can hold. Since ", "before feeling full. And people can lose 65%. Of their excess weight. Forty pounds on average right now the FDA states  lap band  surgery is only appropriate for the morbidly obese. Here's how breaks down today a five foot six inch person without ", "their excess weight. Forty pounds on average right now the FDA states lap band surgery is only appropriate for the morbidly obese. Here's how -- breaks down today a five foot six inch person without medical ", 'life-changing decision. Joining the americans who will get  weight loss surgery  this year. You see the difference. Here he is two years of new jersey decided to share why he underwent secret  weight loss surgery . I did this for myself, my wife and my children. And ', 'chris christie and the life-changing decision. Joining the americans who will get weight loss surgery this year. You see the difference. Here he is two years ago. And here he is today. 30 pounds lost since the ', 'colorful governor of new jersey decided to share why he underwent secret weight loss surgery . I did this for myself, my wife and my children. And unlike some of you, they will still pay attention to me ', 'underwent  lap band  surgery as were done  adjustable gastric band  but then also standard. But  weight loss surgery . And well exactly sued the  adjustable gastric band  is one where Well that the  adjustable gastric band  as I said ', "there were two sets of operations that were done -- -- -- adjustable gastric band but then also some of them had the room and Y gastric bypass the it's kind of standard gold standard. But weight loss surgery . And well the study showed with that. This patients who lost more than 50% at their access body weight -- the most ", '-- -- they were two different types cracked. Right exactly sued the adjustable gastric band is one where you actually put a little -- last -- or or rubber or plastic band. Around the upper part of ', "you want to be ultimately. All that that Latin band or their gastric band . Is thought to not be as good if you're very very overweight. I was going to ask who -- the best candidates for each of those types of surgery. Well that the adjustable gastric band as I said doesn't have you losing as much weight Xavier super heavy to Begin with that may not be the best ", "revealing a stunning second surgery just two months ago. A  lap band  procedure to help her lose the 63 pounds she gained birth to her two daughters. You know surgeon decided to  gastric band  in and around her bypass. That's not often gone 12100 ", "now she's revealing a stunning second surgery just two months ago. A lap band procedure to help her lose the 63 pounds she gained after giving birth to her two daughters. You know surgeon decided to -- gastric band -- -- in and around her bypass. That's not often gone 12100 music can be very effective in helping the person really ", 'teens who had  gastric banding  surgery. Lost pros and cons of  weight loss surgery  in teens we turned underwent. A  lap band  procedure which remind us what  lap band  surgery is vs for obesity.  Lap band  surgery is basically ', 'divided them into two groups randomly -- 25 patients who underwent. A lap band procedure which is very hat -- surgery. 125 patients to underwent intensive medical therapy that is lifestyle changes. Nutrition and diet and ', 'change lost about six or seven pounds. And so remind us what lap band surgery is vs bypass surgery for obesity. -- Lap band surgery is basically a -- last occur plastic -- -- place around the top part of the stomach. That divides the stomach into a small upstairs and -- downstairs. When the upstairs -- -- the whole house feels full. The lap band is adjustable and other words you can change how. The food and -- from that upper house into the lower -- by ', "the intestines which is an irreversible procedure. This is different from the lap band -- that you don't really reroute any of the intestinal anatomy the patient's anatomy stays basically the same so. We'll say it's more reversible if need be. And less likely to produce complications I assume. Correct and the complications that you do get with a lap band surgery tend to be less serious. Now this operation as benign as it sounds is not yet approved for. People under eighteen ", 'Weight loss surgery  has become a very popular option for obese people needing to lose And 2007. The FDA has not approved the procedure for kids but  gastric banding  band is placed around the upper stomach. Increased seven fold ', 'Weight loss surgery has become a very popular option for obese people needing to lose weight. Now about 25% of American adolescents are overweight and a new study based in California found that surgery. Is even on the rise among obese teens. 509. -- California teenagers a thirteen to twenty years old underwent surgery between 2005. And 2007. The FDA has not approved the procedure for kids but gastric banding -- band is placed around the upper stomach. Increased seven fold during the two year study period. White teens underwent 65%. Of ']