['Dec. 7 on Hallmark Channel \'The Flight Before Christmas\' Earlier CBS aired that perennial favorite " Rudolph the Red - Nosed Reindeer ." In "The Flight Before Christmas," a young reindeer who\'s never met his father wants to follow in ', 'it is, the most heartwarming DMX moment you may ever see. The rapper dropped a flawless rendition of " Rudolph the Red - Nosed Reindeer " during a visit to the studios of New York\'s Power 105.1. He even banged out a beat on a desk and ', 'Most people think of "  Rudolph the Red - Nosed Reindeer  " as a cute little story about a cute little reindeer with a cute shiny nose and a happy ending. Think again, says George Giuliani ', "is an epidemiologist, but he's venturing into territory usually reserved for breakfast cereal ads and  Rudolph the Red - Nosed Reindeer . He's created a claymation cartoon to boost the use of a drug that could keep trauma patients from bleeding ", "Christmas in a movie your kids will love. White Christmas The Bing Crosby classic is a holiday staple.  Rudolph ,  the Red - Nosed Reindeer  It wouldn't be Christmas without Rudolph! Miracle on 34th Street - Original Not to be missed. Dr ", "findings provide food (the healthy kind) for thought. For example, Grills suggested that Santa should share  Rudolph the Red - Nosed Reindeer 's food -- carrots and celery sticks -- instead of fattening snacks. And the guy in red and white should ", 'bombarded with holiday specials. But amid the better known and oft-aired "A Charlie Brown Christmas" and " Rudolph the Red - Nosed Reindeer ," there is a lesser known but still treasured holiday jewel: the "Star Wars Holiday Special." The ', 'under-the-weather  Rudolph the Red - Nosed Reindeer . These are just a classics such as 1964\'s  Rudolph the Red - Nosed Reindeer , says Mark Simon that (was used) for  Rudolph the Red - Nosed Reindeer ." Some themes from ', 'Oh, Come, All Ye Faithful" would have to be followed by something like "Frosty the Snowman" or " Rudolph the Red - Nosed Reindeer ." "It\'s fine for the public schools to observe the religious holidays in an academic and objective ', 'discriminating.And every shop was full. Another Santa clanged away with the same bell outside the cheese shop. " Rudolph the Red - Nosed Reindeer " rattled from a hidden speaker above the sidewalk in front of Mother Earth, where the crunchy people were ', 'should consider a job as a White House spokesman, and the second, that Peanuts gang sure can cut a rug.  Rudolph the Red - nosed Reindeer  is another phenomenon. After all, Christmas is Rudolph. Isn t Santa s oversized bottom virtually saved ', 'with hand-held Barbie dolls.) Finally, the prolific team of Arthur Rankin Jr. and Jules Bass produced  Rudolph the Red - Nosed Reindeer , Frosty the Snow Man and several other holiday classics. Premiering on NBC in December 1964, the Rudolph ', "America long wait is over rapper and sometimes actor DMX has into this holiday season with a new take. An old favorite. From the visit to New York's Power One 051 radio stations sadly though. No plans for Christmas album at least not yet.", "Bob square pants Christmas special so here's ABC's Neal Karlinsky. If you ever watch that iconic 600  Rudolph the red nosed reindeer  Christmas special and thought. I can do that my mind. Hold that thought these are the grownups who turned ", 'Karlinsky. -- -- -- -- If you ever watch that iconic 600 Rudolph the red nosed reindeer Christmas special and thought. I can do that -- my mind. -- Hold that thought these are the grownups who turned -- ', 'remarkable. It was such a small crate. It was blue, the color of the ocean. Amazing they found him.  Rudolph the red - nosed reindeer  kept them going. How about that? A little toy in the middle of the ocean.', 'It was blue, the color of the ocean. Amazing they found him. Rudolph the red-nosed reindeer kept them going. How about that? A little toy in the middle of the ocean. ', 'Either I\'m going to make it or I\'m not. Reporter: To keep sane, harris says he sang songs like " rudolph the red - nosed reindeer ." And he kept repeating this mantra. I\'m ryan harris. I\'m not going to die here. Reporter: And ', 'I\'m not. Reporter: To keep sane, harris says he sang songs like " rudolph the red-nosed reindeer ." And he kept repeating this mantra. I\'m ryan harris. I\'m not going to die here. Reporter: And he didn\'t. When I saw ', "Does the other night actually it teaches children it's okay to be different as long as something on your face can be used as a beacon. This the red raiders still relevant but we've seen it. And we sung that song so many times I feel like it's lost some of its impact so tonight we updated the most", "You know the old holiday specials are still getting big ratings on television  Rudolph the red nosed reindeer  was the number one show on TV on Tuesday night. I've seen these specials probably thirty times a myself so. We've been updating ", "know the old holiday specials are still getting big ratings on television Rudolph the red nosed reindeer was the number one show on TV on Tuesday night. I've seen these specials probably thirty times a -- myself so. We've "]