["Church of Scientology  International's Statement to ABC News Regarding Leah Remini", 'self-serving hateful agendas.  Scientology  is a new religion enjoying explosive our website, http://www. Scientology .org As for your specific questions 5-things-you-dont-know-about- scientology -leader-david-miscavige-201257 ', 'split from the  Church of Scientology  last week but public." The  Church of Scientology  declined to the  Church of Scientology , - "Crash involvement with  Scientology  to choose between church." The  Church of Scientology  has repeatedly ', 'very public break from the  Church of Scientology . "I wish to share my sincere celebrity to break from the  Church of Scientology , - "Crash" director Paul her departure. The  Church of Scientology  declined to comment about Remini ', 'of her decision to leave the  Church of Scientology . In a statement issued Thursday statement made no mention of  Scientology , and the APA talent and literary message seeking comment from the  Church of Scientology  International in Los Angeles ', 'the actress is a member of the  Church of Scientology . Peter Travers, the Rolling asked her about the benefits  Scientology  affords her. Moss told Travers different sources, not just  Scientology . "My friends may give me great ', 'employees to practice  Scientology . Dynamic Medical Services employees to participate in  Scientology  religious practices be vindicated. The  Church of Scientology  did not respond to courses that involved " Scientology  religious practices ', 'by the cynicism expressed about the commercial.  Church of Scientology  Super Bowl viewers around the country were scratching their heads when a commercial promoting the  Church of Scientology  ran among the ads for tortilla chips, beer and ', "Knopf Doubleday Publishing Group Statement Concerning Lawrence Wright's Book, 'Going Clear'", 'Knopf Doubleday Publishing Group, the publisher of Lawrence Wright\'s book, "Going Clear," responding to the  Church of Scientology  statement. Wright spent several years researching and writing, GOING CLEAR. During that time he conducted over ', "Church of Scientology  International Statement Concerning Lawrence Wright's Book", 'January 16, 2013  Church of Scientology  International real story of  Scientology  in favor of stale and fair book on  Scientology  and its Founder,  L .  Ron Hubbard , that also would A Diatribe on  Scientology  Through the Minds ', "look at the  Church of Scientology  -- from celebrity fiction writer  L .  Ron Hubbard  to its current punch a fellow  Scientology  executive another former  Scientologist , Miscavige's statement from the  Church of Scientology  in response ", 'He\'s not nominated for a Golden Globe, but I might accidentally read his name." The hosts hinted there could be some  Scientology  jokes on Sunday - a reference to Ricky Gervais \' controversial jokes when he hosted from 2010 to 2012 - but said no ', "Kirstie Alley Tells All: Secret Romance With Patrick Swayze, Calls John Travolta 'Greatest Love'", 'baby: 1989\'s "Look Who\'s Talking" and love bloomed. Alley described Travolta, who shares her commitment to  Scientology , as "the greatest love of my life," and said she fought off the impulse to "run off and marry" him. "Believe ', 'the countless headlines about him and Holmes in the weeks following their divorce, among them, that his belief in  Scientology  purportedly spurred their breakup, that Cruise supposedly had a "marriage contract," and that Holmes\' age ( 33 ', "decision to leave the  church of scientology . She is the latest faiths on earth, the  church of scientology . Remini said, quote break. If you're a  scientologist , you see life are. Reporter:  Scientology  has long attracted ", "sporting ways with one of the most controversial faiths on earth, the church of scientology . Remini said, quote, I wish to share my sincere and heartfelt appreciation for the overwhelming positive response i have received from the media, my colleagues and fans from around the world. I am truly grateful and thankful for all of your support. She is one of the most high-profile celebrities to break with the church. Often, these things are handled very quietly. But this seems to be a pretty clear break. If you're a scientologist , you see life. But you see things the way they are. Reporter: Scientology has long attracted celebrity adhe adheren adheren'ts. Come cruise, to john travolta to kirstie alley. There's also been high-profile departures, including paul ", "how about  Scientology 's. Lawsuits start today  Scientology 's. Father of Crist  Scientology 's. And were former  Scientologist  say. Peace though that  L .  Ron Hubbard  book I never along with  Scientology 's look existed about  Scientology 's these bullying these  Scientologist . Because ", "place of religion Parton to what does that term -- how about Scientology's . Lawsuits lately a lot of controversy and criticism of this case. Is that the right word for it that's what we'll start today Scientology's . Father Edward Beck. What is wrong with recognizing this as a religion. Of personal. And kind of -- to criticize. Any religion because I know that we all -- appear to be a little bit weird. And if you think about it I believe and a guy who walked on water change credit lines it was body and blood and rose from the dead people could say watt. But when you consider. Some of the tenets of Crist Scientology's . And you consider some of the recent history of it it does appear to be more cult like -- religion. How so well first of all the leader now David scouts. He supposedly and this is not I just one person but many people over ten people were former Scientologist say. Peace strikes people look like actually hits them kicks is violent toward them. And Johnson and Andy's ado let's hear it ", "since my mind that X is a pretty good book though that L . Ron Hubbard book I never really connected it to the rest of the faith. But it really just seem kind of like common sense principle -- a little bit of Isaak has some off kind of Carl Sagan you know -- Galactic coal. -- on since 1953. That this has been around. It took -- forty years to be recognized in the United States has a religion. Finally become tax exempt in 1993. So there's been a lot of suspicion all along with Scientology's look at the case in Paris in France. I mean they just got sued for a million dollars to supposedly bilking people ", "on the entertainment community. I'm -- dollar figures. This is existed about Scientology's these allegations. On. I just feel that if you look at them in the micro. You hear all these other things about other branches of major religions pay to play on but the prosperity gospel. You know how about these mega preachers where people pay the more money you give me the more grace you get. Set may get any different than paying four levels of spirituality. A we bullying these Scientologist . Because they're trying to break into our club. It may be but the perception and I don't think they help themselves when ", "interrogations blacklisted within the church this according to reports. And that's just it's it all together a reference  Scientology 's though is denying all of these claims no word on SA and little group. I'm currently at very interesting yes Sophia ", "to reports. And that's just it's -- it all together a reference Scientology's though is denying all of these claims no word on -- SA and -- -- -- little group. I'm -- currently at ", "church of Scientology 's one of tonight a former  Scientology 's the insider his report  Scientology 's. An insider speaks.  Scientology 's. Church celebrity.  Scientologist  secrecy scenes in the  church of Scientology 's. I was she found  Scientology 's. A religion fiction writer  L .  Ron Hubbard . Betty still ", "-- the church of Scientology's one of the world's newest religions and growing opening dozens of new churches around the world and making high profile converts in places like Hollywood. But tonight a former Scientology's the insider will allege. That there is much we don't know about this famously powerful wealthy and secretive institution allegations. Of misuse of power. And physical harassment. ABC's Dan Harris brings us an exclusive interview with a woman who was once a high ranking church official in his report Scientology's . An insider speaks. Scientology's . Church known for celebrity. Scientologist secrecy. And controversy. -- the enemy first second and now the latest PR hit involves a former high ranking insider -- getting hooked. Who's being sued by the church and is fighting back by making headline generating allegations in open court. About what she says happened to her behind the scenes in the church of Scientology's . I was put in a trash can. Cold water -- -- me. -- I know it's wrong -- it needs to gets. ", "that was she claims her salvation. Cook was fourteen when she found Scientology's . A religion established in the 1950s by -- science fiction writer L . Ron Hubbard . Betty -- still firmly believed in Scientology's dead at age seventeen. She went to work full time for the church and joining their religious order called -- -- Heroes ", "who. -- for that ms. -- who has led the church since L Ron Hubbard's death in 1986. Is famously close with the world's best known Scientologist . Tom Cruise. The most dedicated Scientologist . -- -- A more confident -- more intelligent and more tolerant more compassionate beings we are lucky to have you thank you. But Debbie cook has testified in court that she. He's done this added punch at fellow Scientology's executive. If such in the face yes. I've never seen anything like this before. -- and you had no inkling that it was even possible. Never never conceived of about I mean I've been in Scientology's since I was fourteen years old I was on staff since I was seventeen. At that point it had been more than ", 'devotion to the  church of scientology  be one of the role of  scientology . According a role is  scientology  playing in committed  scientologist . For a time member of the  church of scientology , a faith fiction writer  l .  ron hubbard . It can ', "delicate question of faith and marriage. Could cruise's famous devotion to the church of scientology be one of the causes of the split? Here is abc's dan harris. Reporter: In the celebrity divorces, this one is the block buster. It's got it all, fame, hundreds of millions of dollars on the table, and high-powered lawyers on both sides. To do it quietly, would be mission impossible. And further, inflaming this whole situation, the role of scientology . According to sources close to katie holmes, who was seen in manhattan today without her wedding ring, one of the main reasons she filed for divorce was her husband's fierce loyalty to his faith. How big a role is scientology playing in this divorce? Tom cruise is a committed scientologist . For a time if their marriage, katie holmes embraced those beliefs. But it does seem to be that she has moved away from them. Tom cruise is the most famous and outspoken member of the church of scientology , a faith founded 60 years ago by science fiction writer l . ron hubbard . It can heel people of past tra has been embroiled in repeated controversies. Including this astonishing on camera frant a reporter, clashing ", "Tonight  Scientology 's. Under attack the  church of Scientology 's now claims life in the  church of Scientology 's. Lisa benefits of  Scientology 's. And and founder  L .  Ron Hubbard . Died in number anti  Scientologist  protests ", "Tonight Scientology's . Under attack the church of Scientology's now claims membership in the millions. And its opening lavish new facilities around the globe. Expansion is helped no doubt by the ", "current leader. This is her story her life in the church of Scientology's . Lisa Fletcher reports. He's one of the biggest box office draws in history the face of an impossible missions force agent. Fearless top gun pilot. -- -- And relentless lawyer and but in recent years Tom Cruise has also become the face of Scientology's . With public and -- -- penchant for the church. Privileged ourselves right. A recent video made -- -- Scientology's event it was leaked online -- people's interest in a belief system that has long been surrounded by controversy. -- authorities -- getting people. -- -- He's vocal about the benefits of Scientology's . And a supporter and close personal friend of its worldwide leader David -- -- This -- took over the reins of power. When science fiction author and founder L . Ron Hubbard . Died in 1986. Scientology's is about you yourself and what you do -- bring this -- says Scientology's can offer its followers greater ability in all areas of life. -- people what negativity and make them quote or no clear. You see all pass attempts have been to bring man up to somebody standard of what's normal what we're trying to do it Scientology's take somebody from this higher level. And -- to greater ability according to the church science technology is in the midst a tremendous growth. This Scientology's crazy basically -- -- someone who -- they claim millions of members in more than a hundred countries I have my -- ", "We do not forget to expect us. -- staged a number anti Scientologist protests across the country. The church has shot back with a video of its own. While claiming they are peaceful in less than three weeks anonymous members made -- encouraged 22 bomb threats. And eight death threats against members and officials of the church's signs -- New web sites critical of Scientology's are popping up all over the Internet. And just last week an interview with actor and former Scientology's member Jason today was posted on YouTube -- -- -- is destructive. And rip off X Scientology's kids dot com was created by three young women who used to be members of the church. I was born in New Hampshire and my parents -- the church announced 21 of the women stands out from the crowd of online critics. That's because on the family tree of Scientology's . She's rooted in deep. She is a niece of leader David -- cabbage. -- -- younger you know he's sending -- on my birthday humans you know banker Gary and -- -- -- Jenin a static kill was raised in the church. Both her parents were high ranking members of what's called the sea organization or C org. It is Scientology's version of the clergy. The group of people who essentially -- the church while we're told is that they have to work so hard because they're helping other people -- family isn't the most important thing. From the age -- six to twelve Jenna lived here at a Scientology's owned property in California that was known as the ranch. He lived in dormitories. -- -- only see my parents once a ", "Scientologist . Now facing She target  Scientology 's fund once one of  Scientology 's fiercest church. The  church of Scientology 's known believer in  Scientology 's. Which the faith  L .  Ron Hubbard . In vision for their  church of Scientology 's international ", "Scientologist . Now facing harsh new criticism from one of its own a former high ranking official Deborah cook. Blast in the church leadership in a weekend email to thousands of current and former members. She target Scientology's fund raising practices and also members to scale back on donations. And she's dinners as he was more and and the church officials are fighting back. Indeed they are good morning to you with a woman who sent this email blast was once one of Scientology's fiercest defenders now she has become a very public critic. One that some say could especially be especially damaging to -- very very powerful church. The church of Scientology's known all over the world for its celebrity members like Tom Cruise. John Travolta and Kirstie Alley and it's also known for ", "In which she says she is still a completely dedicated believer in Scientology's . Which has produced stunning and miraculous results. But that the current president David -- cabbage has accumulated more power within the church -- the founder of the faith L . Ron Hubbard . In vision for any single successor. A charge former church official Marty -- on agrees with. He wanted to make checks and ", "speak about church finances. As she never worked for their church of Scientology's international. Which is -- a mother church that controls finances. Marty -- on who the church has called a heretic and a "]