['The U.S. Post Office sorts through letters to Santa Claus from eager children for the past 100 years', 'right this very minute yeah it is  Christmas  but about how about a little  Christmas  right now this is from Boston. Yes in fact that  Santa  maybe ninety degrees on Wednesday Boston drivers hospital it was  Christmas . So first on top of Boston fire ', 'all want a break you know that song we need a little Christmas right this very minute yeah it is Christmas but about how about a little Christmas right now this is from Boston. Yes in fact that -- Santa maybe ninety degrees on Wednesday but for some young patients at Boston drivers hospital it was Christmas . So -- first on top of Boston fire tower ladder have a great. -- the windows and wait kids as a part of the eleventh annual Christmas in July event. -- all the kids and also committed -- 150000 dollars from Paul firefighters to burn foundation. Yeah regulate them ', 'The hair, the beard, the suit: Fritz Schmidt is a professional  St .  Nick  lookalike.', "Well where is your house. are so don't forget to leave me a of Beck and breed. And be sure to go to bed early and bring you what I. Know All right but you  Santa  has to go pack up the with president and pick up from a lot. Now. Morris.", '-- and bring you what I. Know -- All right but you Santa has to go pack up the -- with president and pick up -- from a lot. Now. Morris. ', "boy got married to  santa 's daughter. But suit and helping out  st .  Nick  for more than a decade would you like for  christmas ? Reporter: Elmer abbas and his  christmas  spirit, filled the children dreaming of  christmas  morning. Cheese moment of believing in  santa claus . Reporter: And after ", "with a simple holiday picture. Check this out. Two little kids on santa's lap. It looks normal. But it's the seed of an awesome coincidence. The boy got married to santa's daughter. But he only recently realized it. Abc's john muller has the story. Anybody here want a snowball fight? Reporter: He's been donning the red suit and helping out st . Nick for more than a decade. What would you like for christmas ? Reporter: Elmer abbas and his christmas spirit, filled the hearts of throws of children dreaming of christmas morning. Cheese. What's most rewarding to me is how unique the children are when they're in this magic moment of believing in santa claus . Reporter: And after all that time, a really magic moment. One of the children elmer held 12 years ago is now his own son-in-law. It was unique. Especially at first. Reporter: It was all discovered by accident, when chris byrd got engaged to elmer's mother, liz. Chris' mother was pulling out old photos. When she looked at santa , something clicked. Or in this case, jingles. She gave me a call, looking at an old santa picture. It looks like liz's dad, elmer. I knew it was my dad. I remember going to the mall that year and ", "St .  Nick  takes part in aerobics to make sure he's ready for holiday deliveries.", "need to come to Detroit and Iowa he'd be we spent some time on good afternoon American this past summer. You like  Santa Claus . And you'll be happy to know who won an Emmy for daytime and possession and there really the Emmy award really well ", "spent some time on good afternoon American this past summer. You like Santa Claus . And you'll be happy to know who won an Emmy for daytime and possession and there really the Emmy award really well ", "compete and to pleasant is it costing organized by the city's didn't union. Scientists must display a thorough knowledge of  Christmas  traditions and the cool sound affinity the children. The scientists last Olson playing music and proof that in front of the ", "by the city's didn't union. Scientists must display a thorough knowledge of Christmas traditions and the cool sound affinity the children. The scientists last Olson playing music and proof that -- in front of the ", "may be disturbing considering modern  Santa  trend. Here's ABC's nick It's latest in the long line of movies in which  Santa . Was This person scariest grandma here. The  Santa  costume if like he is right circle that much how it. Too much in biting the  Christmas  share from South Park bull bull bull ", "knows when your way -- that may be disturbing considering -- modern Santa trend. Here's ABC's nick -- It's cold silent night in theaters right -- the latest in the long line of movies in which Santa . Was -- This person -- scariest grandma -- here. The Santa costume if -- like he is right circle that being said that it. His attitude too much -- -- how it. Too much in biting the Christmas share from South Park bull bull bull. -- -- meet again Jesus to American horror story he should. This. -- sent pictures to 02 viewers loved it there -- the -- to goodness it. You -- Christmas has -- -- from. It's a kind of you know a tried and tested the optical dramatic trend it's scary elected -- ", "or any of that he just kind of -- terror. Even the Santa -- let me pull his beard at the Americana -- in Glendale thinks that's so -- complete sentence. And a lot of evil -- -- -- Our center as a serious point out to me I think it's -- -- and a half a there's no bad -- there might be people who -- -- Santa who are bad people. Bob savage benefit -- people pulled it was perhaps the best that this -- -- going to -- ", "child's  christmas  list can letters to  santa claus , to benefit you say to  santa claus  in your letters special guest,  st .  Nick , kriss kringle call him,  santa claus .  Santa national  santa  tour, visiting to enjoy  christmas , as they ", 'are you? Good. Macy\'s has teamed up with make-a-wish, so your child\'s christmas list can benefit a kid in need. And I hit the streets of new york, to help. Are you ready to mail? About two weeks ago, macy\'s kicked off their fifth annual believe campaign right here on "good morning america." Collecting children\'s letters to santa claus , to benefit make-a-wish. Oh, my gosh. Reporter: I headed to trump ring to collect some santa letters myself. I need to fill this up with letters to santa . No better place in new york than down at the old ice skating rink. Want to write a letter to santa . What did you say to santa claus in your letters? I want a puppy. Reporter: You want a puppy? What if I told you, every time you send a letter to santa , it\'s going to help some kids who really, really need help. I can\'t get this. Reporter: I\'ll make sure. And I closed it, okay? Should we send these to santa now? Yeah. Reporter: Here\'s how it works, for each stamped letter to santa that\'s dropped off in a believe box at any macy\'s location across the country, macy\'s will donate $1 to make-a-wish. Up to ', "letters. All going -- to this guy. To our very special guest, st . Nick , kriss kringle, or as we like to call him, santa claus . Santa , how are you? I'm wonderful. This is the most wonderful time of the year. You don't say? Absolutely. I understand that you are actually about to embark on a very special journey with all of these letters. Absolutely. It's something I love to do. We're hitting the road this SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 24th, FOR THE Macy's national santa tour, visiting 26 cities across the country. That's great. That, of course, means children all across the country will get a chance to enjoy christmas , as they should. Santa , I want to vouch for carly here, she's been a very, very good girl. I'm going to surprise you, Leave me a cookie, all right? Okay. Santa loves you. Santa loves you. And you, too, josh. That's great. We want to help the kids in need because they need it. For information, visit macy's belief campaign. Goodmorningamerica.Com on yahoo! And giving santa a big hug. ", "Reporter:  St .  Nick , father  christmas , whatever the Reporter: The name  santa  conjures some the world does  santa claus  get to all of Smells like  christmas . Just a touch Reporter: For  santa 's beard you're not really  santa claus ? Reporter caught on tape.  Santa ! Reporter ps-9. Merry  christmas ! Reporter ", "have dark hairs in there, it looks dry. Reporter: Doesn't look like santa . No. No. Reporter: I need to pree lighten first. Reporter: Today, sue's clients are fritz and ray, two alums of the santa school who have come in for their annual extreme makeover. It's changing, my friend. Reporter: As her business card suggests, sue has secrets only santa's hairdresser would for instance. What's this? Reporter: Peppermint oil. Smells like christmas . Just a touch. Makes sense. Smell like a candy cane for the kids. Reporter: For santa's beard. Returning to sue's a few hours later, ray and fritz were well on their way to channeling old kriss kringle. You look like a million bucks! Santa . Now you're santa ! Of course, just looking the part won't get you past an audition with the kids. What makes a good santa ? You have to have a good heart, a good smile. And you have to -- you have to believe yourself. Because the kids can see through it. Reporter: You bet they can. Are those santas that you see in the shopping malls, is that the real santa ? Then who are they? People dressing up like santa . Reporter: Children have bravely withstood the assault of fakery and doubt for centuries. Would you please tell her you're not really santa claus ? Reporter: Keeping the miracle alive, not just on 34th street, but every street, gets harder every year. With dream-crushing reporters. Not coming down the chimney, not bringing you anything. There's no santa . Reporter: Some teachers telling students there's no santa . That's horrible. Reporter: And santa burglars caught on tape. Santa ! Reporter: Then, there are all those other bad santas. I'm on my lunch break, okay? Reporter: So many seen on youtube, brings discredit to the red, white and black. Still, the 5 to 10-year-olds we gathered at new york city's ps-9. Merry christmas ! Reporter: Seem very much like children everywhere. Smarter than we imagine, more innocent than we know. I think he has helpers. Many, ", "suggest that. And  Santa Claus saint Nicholas  who were talking earlier together into one. Right  saint Nicholas  is still celebrated children. And then  Santa Claus  was this other reality talk about whether  Christmas  is what it's supposed ", "the -- growth perjury and that's why it would suggest that. And Santa Claus saint Nicholas who were talking earlier different. And cities put together into one. Right saint Nicholas is still celebrated December 6 and that was the saints who was known for doing good deeds giving gifts to children. And then Santa Claus was this other reality the nordic kind of mythic figure and so the melding of the two becomes. Clause the next show we have -- gonna talk about whether Christmas is what it's supposed to be anymore now it's actually supposed to be subversive that's that's -- -- -- watching -- Let's ", 'Two hours a day. We just need it.  Christmas  came early this morning in nashville made the announcement yesterday, with  santa  costumes,  christmas  trees and fake snow. And sy making COMES OUT OCTOBER 29th. Every day is  christmas . With them. When watching "duck dynasty ', 'this. For two hours. Two hours a day. We just need it. Christmas came early this morning in nashville. "Duck dynasty" announcing they will release a holiday anthem. It\'s called "duck the hallhalls." I didn\'t do it, sam. They made the announcement yesterday, with santa costumes, christmas trees and fake snow. And sy making sweet tea cones. IT COMES OUT OCTOBER 29th. Every day is christmas . With them. When watching "duck dynasty." Finally, an update on a harry, little lady. Someone posted a picture of this puppy, saying ', "I have heard of this guy before it like to into an issue too steep declines at least that's what it says. On his driver's license and his credit cards he changed officially last spring keep placing anti. At a mall and debt parties. And works construction and the rest of the year at his wife still", "tweeted out this picture today.  Santa claus  caught in a hi-tech competition. Norad has been tracking  santa 's journey from the north pole every  christmas  eve since 1955. This year Google maps will be tracking  st .  Nick , as will an app on the android No word on which technology  santa  himself will be using. Now ", "switching to an entirely online format. They tweeted out this picture today. Santa claus caught in a hi-tech competition. Norad has been tracking santa's journey from the north pole every christmas eve since 1955. This year, google is horning in. Google maps will be tracking st . Nick , as will an app on the android devices. No word on which technology santa himself will be using. Now to our video and we picked this one solely because it's certainly cute. This is a baby ", 'Santa Claus  is under heat this season could it be that the  Christmas  icons familiar call is politically incorrect. A North Carolina mall management company want  Santa  to change his familiar. Ho ho greeting to hop hop hop ', 'Santa Claus is under heat this season could it be that the Christmas icons familiar call is politically incorrect. A North Carolina mall management company want Santa to change his familiar. Ho ho -- greeting to hop hop hop movement started in Australia and supporters are saying the change ', 'obviously  Christmas  this season  Christmas  things a what seems  Santa Claus . What do thing okay.  Saint Nicholas . I was there is. Oddly  Santa Claus  wound being traditions of  Santa Claus  here and America  Christmas . People ', "Welcome to focus on very happy Christmas season I'm Chris Cuomo father Edward -- today Santa good or bad for Christians. And even talk about New Year's 2011 -- -- -- what does that really mean community. We are obviously Christmas -- this season -- Christmas things a beautiful way to get after what seems -- -- Santa Claus . What do we think -- -- -- this article comes out. And it's about what do you do with Santa as Christians you do three things rejected you can receive -- you can redeem it. Fundamentally it's what do we make. Sent a little bit about the history why is -- Santa Claus it's fundamentally Christian thing okay. Saint Nicholas . I was there and we're Turkey is Holland kept on to him even when the process of Protestant reformation got kicked out -- for a -- and got into this is. Baby Jesus time and when the Christ child comes. Chris Kringle is. Oddly Santa Claus wound -- being called Chris -- was a pseudonym because we have nothing to report -- but of course its metaphorical. And that then the Dutch. Brought the traditions of Santa Claus here in the US and -- America Christmas . People go back and forth about this all the time what we do how do we deal with Santa -- my question is this. If you wanna get caught in the details of the holiday you have a fundamental problems celebrating Christmas at all as a Christian because this. Is a pagan winter festival holiday. The best scholarship is that Jesus was almost certainly borne if you believe He was born and all. Some time in the spring that's why -- the feast of the epiphany and some eastern orthodox Christians celebrate that. So if you wanna get very technical why go after Santa Claus except the holiday for what He said that Christmas is -- -- in college it was it was the economic traditionally. Yes so that doesn't mean that what we celebrate as Chris went isn't paying an ominous it. When you -- is when is once Christmas . The summit on December 20 that's a -- The reason we celebrated as we talk about last year is the winter solstice ", 'and they are trying to responses to requests what do you think Santa Claus good that comes up. Now we think Chris -- good that comes up his father would look like Santa Claus hats and yes -- one side issues. ABC com -- focus on -- Areas. -- Christmas indeed we come back -- a look at stories that we believe shaped. The spiritual ethical landscape this past year. ']