["entertaining it ain't easy being you brought up the good whenever he got my derby hat that gets ready for derby as well as  Saint Patrick ' s Day  so that's great say what we have some great ideas for your Saint Patrick's party. Even a twist on the traditional ", "hat -- -- -- that gets ready for derby as well as Saint Patrick's Day so that's great -- say what we have some great ideas for your Saint Patrick's -- party. Even a twist on the ", "A congressional committee is on Urban Outfitters to stop selling at  Saint Patrick ' s Day  clothing line. Items include a hat that says Irish yoga and downward facing up and to stick figure image. There are also T shirts ", "A congressional committee is -- on Urban Outfitters to stop selling at Saint Patrick's Day clothing line. Items include a hat that says Irish yoga and downward facing up -- and to stick figure image. There are ", "very much for being here it's great to be here happy  Saint Patrick ' s Day  happy saint Patrick stadium to all toast of that sentiment experiencing just. All right and since we're talking about  Saint Patrick ' s Day  gets a little bit more about not only what we should be ", "thanks very much for being here it's great to be here happy Saint Patrick's Day happy saint Patrick stadium to all toast of that sentiment -- they gave me one I'm not -- -- -- right now ", "great it is experiencing just. All right and since we're talking about Saint Patrick's Day gets a little bit more about not only what we should be drinking what should be eating. It brought just what -- ", "the other end are doing. it is a one way medium but I would hazard a guess that some of the Are just coming home from a  Saint Patrick ' s Day  celebration nor too. Where there are celebrations across the land. Indianapolis. Savannah. Kansas City Chicago and ", "guess that some of the -- Are just coming home from a Saint Patrick's Day celebration nor too. Where there are celebrations across the land. Indianapolis. Savannah. Kansas City Chicago and of course New York has -- ", "I'm as a smile and that's because  Saint Patrick ' s Day  is here and while the Irish may be better known for drinks and food. There are some staples as we found that from an all star ", "I'm -- -- as a smile and that's because Saint Patrick's Day is here and while the Irish may be better known for drinks and food. There are some staples as we found that ", "confess that. my fondest memories of He has been on my mind lately it's on the measure before. It just a few years ago on  Saint Patrick ' s Day . Right be five years ago when I've just gotten to the senate Terry me on the seventh floor for. My support of this ", "it's on the measure before. It just a few years ago on Saint Patrick's Day . Right be five years ago when I've just gotten to the senate Terry -- me on the seventh floor for. My support ", "Saint Patrick ' s Day  is still two days away but the celebrations have already started in Chicago today they turned a river Green. they do that we put ", "Saint Patrick's Day is still two days away but the celebrations have already started in Chicago today they turned a river Green. -- they do ", "It is  Saint Patrick ' s Day  and that means Green water in Chicago thousand watched the Chicago river turn emerald Green this weekend here's the back story ", "It is Saint Patrick's Day and that means Green water in Chicago thousand watched the Chicago river turn emerald Green this weekend here's the back story 1961. ", "Any room here to help. Here agencies to Q and we're happy to have you here premier English not Irish but you're in the spirit well Bethlehem in this area I cannot and that's very experts have been in New York. This full what kind of be seen in many ways actually these reading simple things you can", "don't that the your most known for. Here and overseas as. I'll have to say maybe it was I was just in Dublin for a  Saint Patrick ' s Day . And all these guys in this pub just artistry republic. Public document just carried me all around that followed there ", "-- maybe -- it was I was just in Dublin for a Saint Patrick's Day . And all these guys in this pub just artistry republic. Public document just carried me all around that followed there was. It ", "hope they're getting closer to cracking the case. The theft was time to the busiest day of the year for Boston Police  Saint Patrick ' s Day . Just after 1 in the morning with party still going on downtown. Two thieves dressed as police talked their way into ", "was time to the busiest day of the year for Boston Police Saint Patrick's Day . Just after 1 in the morning with -- party still going on downtown. Two thieves dressed as police talked their way into ", "here in the studio under the court's Sunday saint daddy and you website at where people can sell their craft items is in  Saint Patrick ' s Day  glue guns are out. The I mean they are what they dazzling like crazy on site for your paths here are some photos from ", "-- where people can sell their craft items is in -- -- Saint Patrick's Day -- -- glue guns are out. The I mean they are what they -- dazzling like crazy on -- site for your ", "Later today extra  Saint Patrick ' s Day  is coming up Sunday about it. Yeah we don't. Yeah. Dreadlocks and a little Irish do just a couple of Irish folks handing out ", "Later today extra Saint Patrick's Day is coming up Sunday -- about it. Yeah we don't. Yeah. Dreadlocks and a little Irish do just a couple of -- ", "the world of ready at all comic scenes and even in the wake of her break up. What planet that's your play today extra  Saint Patrick ' s Day  is coming up Sunday night and yeah we don't. Yeah. Dreadlocks and a little Irish do just a couple of Irish folks handing ", "of her break up. -- What planet that's your play today extra Saint Patrick's Day is coming up Sunday night and -- -- yeah we don't. Yeah. Dreadlocks and a little Irish do just a couple of ", "catholic church. Matt dowd, you're so excited to talk about this, first pope from the americas, pope francis. Happy  st .  Patrick ' s day  to you. Thank you. To me, I think this is a really, really important moment. Because of what's going on in the catholic ", "to talk about this, first pope from the americas, pope francis. Happy st . Patrick's day to you. Thank you. To me, I think this is a really, really important moment. Because of what's going on in the ", "skyscrapers. So close as they go through the buildings. Unbelievable. That flight, tonight, going viral. To england on this  st .  Patrick ' s day , where duchess kate middleton is making a surprising revelation. She has her fingers crossed to have a boy. She went ", "the buildings. Unbelievable. That flight, tonight, going viral. To england on this st . Patrick's day , where duchess kate middleton is making a surprising revelation. She has her fingers crossed to have a boy. She went on to "]