['Panthers part ways with injured CB Brandon Hogan , a former fourth-round draft pick', "The Carolina Panthers have waived injured cornerback Brandon Hogan.Hogan, who was selected in the fourth round of the 2011 draft, had been on injured reserve.The Panthers took a gamble on Hogan after he tore his ACL late in his final season at West Virginia. Hogan had surgery but didn't have the benefit of working with Carolina's trainers during the lockout-shortened 2011 offseason and missed most of his rookie year. The knee issues lingered into this season and he wound up on IR again.The 2011 draft is looking like a giant flop for the Panthers aside from No. 1 overall pick Cam Newton. The Panthers have already released third-round pick Terrell McClain and sixth-rounder Lawrence Williams, while seventh-round selection Lee Ziemba was suspended recently by the NFL for four games....", "One of the scant luxuries of finishing with the worst record in the NFL is getting an opportunity to select college football's alleged top player.A dreadful 2-14 led...", "As the lone remaining unbeaten team at the halfway point of this 2011 campaign and the unquestioned midseason Most Valuable Player leading the way, there's little de...", "The following is a list of inactive players for today's NFL games.NEW ENGLAND PATRIOTS AT WASHINGTON REDSKINS , 1:00 P.M. (ET)Patriots - QB Ryan Mallett , S Pat Chun...", "The following is a list of inactive players for today's NFL games.OAKLAND RAIDERS AT MIAMI DOLPHINS , 1:00 P.M. (ET)Raiders - QB Jason Campbell , WR Jacoby Ford , WR...", "The following is a list of inactive players for today's NFL games.CLEVELAND BROWNS AT CINCINNATI BENGALS , 1:00 P.M. (ET)Browns - QB Thaddeus Lewis , FB Owen Marecic...", "The following is a list of inactive players for today's NFL games.TAMPA BAY BUCCANEERS AT GREEN BAY PACKERS , 1:00 P.M. (ET)Buccaneers - CB Anthony Gaitor, S Tanard ...", 'The Carolina Panthers got their quarterback, then began rebuilding one of the weaker defenses in the NFL.Against the backdrop of a restored lockout, the Panthers ope...', 'The Carolina Panthers got their quarterback, then began rebuilding one of the weaker defenses in the NFL.Against the backdrop of a restored lockout, the Panthers ope...', "One fourth-round draft pick won't be ready to run until August. Another wasn't ready to talk to his new team because he was in the middle of his graduation ceremony....", "During the ups and downs of Les Miles ' tenure with LSU the past few seasons, the coach's record has remained perfect in one respect.The Tigers haven't lost regular-...", 'Geno Smith shines in 1st career start, helps No. 25 West Virginia beat Coastal Carolina 31-0', "West Virginia's offense looked as if it was still on summer vacation for most of the first half. Then quarterback Geno Smith got the Mountaineers moving against an F...", 'The Carolina Panthers waived cornerback Brandon Hogan from injured reserve Monday.Hogan has appeared in just three games for the Panthers since being taken by the te...', 'The Carolina Panthers released kicker Olindo Mare, among a number of roster moves Monday.Mare, a 15-year veteran, spent all of the 2011 season with the Panthers. He ...', "So, who'll be the most scrutinized rookies during the opening week of the 2012 NFL season?Sure, Andrew Luck and Robert Griffin will undeniably be closely watched as ...", 'REPORT DATES: July 16th (rookies), July 27th (veterans)SITE: Wofford College, Spartanburg, SCCAMP OBJECTIVES: The Panthers have no questions at the quarterback posit...', 'Defensive tackles Nick Hayden and Corvey man limit on Saturday.The Panthers also placed offensive tackle Garry Williams on season-ending injured reserve, while rooki...', 'The Carolina Panthers placed linebacker Thomas Williams on injured reserve among a flurry of roster moves Tuesday.Williams, who is now lost for the season with a nec...', "Training camp season has arrived, and the NFL probably couldn't be happier.With countless episodes of bad behavior both on the field (the revelation of the New Orlea..."]