['million plus visitors to Stonehenge each year including the tens of thousands who celebrate the sun-rise there every  Summer Solstice ." The pay for this job is about 65,000 British pounds, according to a job listing on English Heritage\'s website ', 'Today in Pictures; Shanty Fire, Earth Summit, US Diving, Mohammed Morsi, and NBA Finals', 'Thousands of lanterns were released to mark the  Summer Solstice , and the shortest night of the year, in Poznan, Poland, June 21, 2012. (AP Photo) CLICK HERE FOR MORE AMAZING PICTURES OF THE DAY FROM ABCNEWS', "Thousands of yoga enthusiasts convene in New York's Times Square to mark the  summer solstice , June 20, 2012. Temperatures are expected to be near 100 degrees by mid-day. (Mark Lennihan/AP Photo) CLICK HERE FOR MORE PICTURES OF THE DAY FROM ABCNEWS", "vacation destination. But it's a close call, with suntan-seeking women closing the deal for the shore. With the  summer solstice  upon us, 72 percent of Americans in the latest ABC News/Washington Post poll express a favorable opinion of going ", 'Midwest to the Eastern Seaboard, we hardly need a reminder that summer is upon us. But we have one anyhow. The  summer solstice  -- the astronomical beginning of summer in the Northern Hemisphere -- takes place at 7:09 p.m. ET on June 20 ', 'out long ago that it was, among other things, an ancient astronomical calendar, and that on the morning of the  summer solstice  -- usually June 21, when northern days are at their longest -- the sun rises over the famous heelstone at one end ', "How did it get started? A: It started in 1986, with 20 people gathering on San Francisco's Baker Beach for the  Summer Solstice . Artist Larry Harvey and his friend Jerry James erected an 8-foot wooden human effigy, which they then lit on ", 'England, people are honoring the  summer solstice  today as the sun ascends to the But misconceptions about the  summer solstice  are common , according to astronomer examine four myths about the  summer solstice . Myth No. 1: The Seasons Change ', "Today's  summer solstice  could lead not only to a higher sun in the sky but also to higher prices for ice cream and four other popular summer treats. Families ", "may coincide with solstice eclipses, she said. For example, Prince William was born June 21, 1982, which was a  summer solstice  and a solar eclipse. ABC News' own Diane Sawyer, whom Ackerman said has global impact, was born on Dec. 22 ", 'the sun this Sunday during the  summer solstice . As cities around the world performed around the time of the  summer solstice ." Make the most of those extra Freemont Fair, a celebration of the  summer solstice ," Doucette says. "The event ', 'many employees who celebrate less-common religious or cultural holidays -- Ramadan, Passover, Juneteenth and  summer solstice , to name a few -- getting time off work can still be tricky. Taking the Day Off on Your Own Dime Ekta Chopra ', 'settlement had a formal road connected to the central plaza and oriented northeast to southwest, the direction of the  summer solstice . Populations were estimated at 800 to 1,000 in the towns, with satellite farming villages bringing the total to ', "Cheap chic weddings dot com and Sharman. You might be careful before you squeeze the bride. And also rising is  summer solstice  that's today the longest day of the year the beginning of summer and according to a well psychologist the half BS ", "might be careful before you squeeze the bride. And also rising is summer solstice that's today the longest day of the year the beginning of summer and according to a well psychologist the half BS day ", "And ladies and gentlemen. Start your air conditioners men in calendar to tell you that today marks the first official day of summer and if today is any indication it's going to be a scorcher heat index soared past. 100 degrees in cities across the northeast. We're stepping out the front door felt", "Let's there was some popular search terms on Google and we Begin with  summer solstice  is the first day of summer. the people searching for just how much daylight will have on this longest day of the year. Also people ", 'there was some popular search terms on Google and we Begin with summer solstice is the first day of summer. -- the people searching for just how much daylight will have on this longest day of ', "Cheap chic weddings dot com and Sharman. You might be careful before you squeeze the bride. And also rising is  summer solstice  that's today the longest day of the year the beginning of summer and according to a well psychologist the happy ", "might be careful before you squeeze the bride. And also rising is summer solstice that's today the longest day of the year the beginning of summer and according to a well psychologist the happy -- day ", "for. And finally here thousands of and party goers gathered at Britain's Stonehenge this morning to celebrate the  summer solstice . It is the longest day of the year and revelers flocked to ruins every year to watch the sun come up. Today some ", "and party goers gathered at Britain's Stonehenge this morning to celebrate the summer solstice . It is the longest day of the year and revelers flocked to -- ruins every year to watch the sun come up. "]