['attend the wedding, millions more will be watching on television and online. "They wanted a Friday. They wanted a  spring wedding  and they wanted to give the country a day off," royal expert Katie Nicholl told "Good Morning America." But why ', 'wedding, but I think it\'s very telling in the announcement that the palace put out yesterday that it could be a  spring wedding ," royal expert Katie Nicholl told "GMA" Tuesday. "And royal engagement announcements by tradition are short ', 'summer wedding but I think it\'s very telling in the announcement that the palace put out yesterday that it could be a  spring wedding ," royal expert Katie Nicholl told "Good Morning America" today. "And royal engagement announcements by tradition ', 'summer wedding but I think it\'s very telling in the announcement that the palace put out yesterday that it could be a  spring wedding ," royal expert Katie Nicholl told "Good Morning America" today. "And royal engagement announcements by tradition ', 'wedding, but I think it\'s very telling in the announcement that the palace put out yesterday that it could be a  spring wedding ," royal expert Katie Nicholl told "GMA" Tuesday. "And royal engagement announcements by tradition are short ', 'attend the wedding, millions more will be watching on television and online. "They wanted a Friday. They wanted a  spring wedding  and they wanted to give the country a day off," royal expert Katie Nicholl told "Good Morning America." But why ', 'In addition to Lambert\'s nine nominations, Shelton is nominated for four CMAs himself. The couple is planning a  spring wedding . "I\'m really fortunate that I found someone that so gets me," Lambert said. "He just keeps me laughing."', 'Andrew Motion, and he read his wedding verse, " Spring Wedding ," to Prince Charles and Camilla Parker Bowles on Andrew Motion, Britain\'s poet laureate, reading " Spring Wedding :" I took your news outdoors, and strolled a while ', "right away and others are just taken their time alone prospered here we now with the story of one couples planning a  spring wedding . Detail but he's got. You ever played a big party you know it's all in the so for same sex couples who waited ", "prospered here we now with the story of one couples planning a spring wedding . Detail but he's got. You ever played a big party you know it's all in the so for same sex couples who ", "the holiday would ensure that people would have a chance to celebrate. They've done it on a Friday they to this  spring wedding . Wants to get the whole country else there is concern though about holding a lavish royal event in the midst of an ", "to celebrate. They've done it on a Friday they -- to this spring wedding . Wants to get the whole country -- else there is concern though about holding a lavish royal event in the midst of ", "Now more GMA bridal secrets with almost Valentine's Day before you know what the  spring wedding  season will be here when it time wanna save you money. As you plan for your big special day the first ever real simple weddings ", "GMA bridal secrets with almost Valentine's Day before you know what the spring wedding season will be here when it -- time -- wanna save you money. As you plan for your big special day the "]