['strangers who have rallied around them. "A lot of people have been helping," Han said. "We were planning on having a  small wedding  but it kind of grew every day into a big ceremony." Supporters have pitched in to help with the reception, dress ', 'happened at their weddings but said he had total control over the proposal. His fiancee, Lavryshyn, expects to have a  small wedding , with no more than 25 guests, but she said she\'ll cherish her memories of the proposal. "To have that feeling ', 'photos of herself. "I just felt so madly in love with him," she said. By spring 2007, the couple was married in a  small wedding  at the prison. Since then, their marriage has been confined to photos, telephone calls, letters and occasional ', 'this disagreement: when we decide to finally get married how should we go about doing it? I would like a traditional  small wedding  where I can wear a white gown, have my father walk me down the aisle and even have a photographer. He, on the other ', 'with his life. He proposed to Paradise-McFee in April this year and the couple was married July 2, 2010, in a  small wedding  at their home. "I\'ve met an angel, and it\'s been wonderful," she said before their wedding. "He\'s my soul ', 'is under 35 guests," she says. In that case, "then you can tell family and friends that you are having a very  small wedding  but still wanted them to participate in some of the celebrations." Do you have a wedding etiquette question for Mindy ', 'to the wedding. But these days, she added, people are much more understanding, especially if you\'re having a  small wedding . "It depends on the venue ... can you fit them and is it in your budget?" she said. If the answer is no ', 'years ago, when Laura and George W. were married in nearby Midland, Texas, in a ceremony Bush described as "a very  small wedding . It was only 75 people, and I didn\'t have any attendants. You know, I don\'t have any sisters. I just shopped ', 'upset about being left out of the wedding, explain that you value their friendship. But because you are having a  small wedding  you\'re restricted. "The bride or groom might say, \'I had to make some tough choices. I wish I could have invited ', 'HRC: Yes. I called my parents and said we are getting married next Saturday. I called my best friends and we had a  small wedding  and a big reception and it was great. You showed the picture earlier on our wedding day. Then came the ', 'HRC: Yes. I called my parents and said we are getting married next Saturday. I called my best friends and we had a  small wedding  and a big reception and it was great. You showed the picture earlier on our wedding day. Then came the ', 'HRC: Yes. I called my parents and said we are getting married next Saturday. I called my best friends and we had a  small wedding  and a big reception and it was great. You showed the picture earlier on our wedding day. Then came the ', 'HRC: Yes. I called my parents and said we are getting married next Saturday. I called my best friends and we had a  small wedding  and a big reception and it was great. You showed the picture earlier on our wedding day. Then came the ', "that's not just the big hello there good to don't stand on Nicole Richie I. A great great weekend it was kind of a  small wedding  and 130. People. It was in diamonds backyards. dotted line Richie he has a much bigger backyard that you will minimize ", 'Nicole Richie I. A great great weekend it was kind of a small wedding and -- -- 130. People. It was in diamonds backyards. -- dotted line Richie he has a much bigger backyard that you ', 'silverware and and table linens and so forth. If having  small wedding  you can ask your friends and family to loan great casserole dishes and serving dishes and serving pieces. For a  small wedding  just put somebody responsible and charts that everybody ', 'platters and silverware and and table linens and so forth. If having small wedding you can ask your friends and family to loan -- -- -- great casserole dishes and serving dishes and serving pieces. For a small wedding just put somebody responsible and charts that everybody gets everything back to OK -- ninth tip is to resist the upgrade and ', "leaks and how dramatic is at. That the plate where you could even think about this being your if you're gonna have a  small wedding  and these are fourteen dollars for the plight. And these glasses dramatic gorgeous they're about fourteen dollars ", "even think about this being your -- if you're gonna have a small wedding and these are fourteen dollars for the plight. And these glasses dramatic gorgeous they're about fourteen dollars -- are so so -- ", "are some know I had flowers have not as head of my grandmother's bracelet on. That it was embarrassed was a very  small wedding  of the subtly sending fat people and I didn't have any attendants. You know I don't have sisters such shop couldn't ", "of my grandmother's bracelet on. That it was embarrassed was a very small wedding of the subtly sending fat people and I didn't have any attendants. You know I don't have -- sisters such -- shop ", "some time you know I had flowers have not a pit of my grandmother's bracelet on. That it was embarrassed was a very  small wedding  of subtly fat people and I didn't have any attendance. You know I don't have sisters and it. I've been in million ", "of my grandmother's bracelet on. That it was embarrassed was a very small wedding of subtly -- fat people and I didn't have any attendance. You know I don't have -- sisters and it. I've been ", "of family and now some know I had flowers automatic head of my grandmother's bracelet on. That it was was a very  small wedding  of subtly fat people and I didn't have any attendance. You know I don't have the sisters and I've been in million ", "of my grandmother's bracelet on. That it was -- was a very small wedding of subtly -- fat people and I didn't have any attendance. You know I don't have the sisters and I've been in ", 'in 2000 to marry a family acquaintance. The tall quiet man already president of Syria Bashar Al Assad. After the  small wedding  she stayed private spending three months traveling quietly sometimes anonymously in jeans and a T shirt. To meet the ', 'tall quiet man already president of Syria Bashar Al Assad. After the small wedding she stayed private spending three months traveling quietly sometimes anonymously in jeans and a T shirt. To meet the people of her ']