['The former "King of Queens" star issued a statement thanking fans for their support.', "how about  Scientology 's. Lawsuits start today  Scientology 's. Father of Crist  Scientology 's. And were former  Scientologist  say. Peace though that  L .  Ron Hubbard  book I never along with  Scientology 's look existed about  Scientology 's these bullying these  Scientologist . Because ", "place of religion Parton to what does that term -- how about Scientology's . Lawsuits lately a lot of controversy and criticism of this case. Is that the right word for it that's what we'll start today Scientology's . Father Edward Beck. What is wrong with recognizing this as a religion. Of personal. And kind of -- to criticize. Any religion because I know that we all -- appear to be a little bit weird. And if you think about it I believe and a guy who walked on water change credit lines it was body and blood and rose from the dead people could say watt. But when you consider. Some of the tenets of Crist Scientology's . And you consider some of the recent history of it it does appear to be more cult like -- religion. How so well first of all the leader now David scouts. He supposedly and this is not I just one person but many people over ten people were former Scientologist say. Peace strikes people look like actually hits them kicks is violent toward them. And Johnson and Andy's ado let's hear it ", "since my mind that X is a pretty good book though that L . Ron Hubbard book I never really connected it to the rest of the faith. But it really just seem kind of like common sense principle -- a little bit of Isaak has some off kind of Carl Sagan you know -- Galactic coal. -- on since 1953. That this has been around. It took -- forty years to be recognized in the United States has a religion. Finally become tax exempt in 1993. So there's been a lot of suspicion all along with Scientology's look at the case in Paris in France. I mean they just got sued for a million dollars to supposedly bilking people ", "on the entertainment community. I'm -- dollar figures. This is existed about Scientology's these allegations. On. I just feel that if you look at them in the micro. You hear all these other things about other branches of major religions pay to play on but the prosperity gospel. You know how about these mega preachers where people pay the more money you give me the more grace you get. Set may get any different than paying four levels of spirituality. A we bullying these Scientologist . Because they're trying to break into our club. It may be but the perception and I don't think they help themselves when ", "interrogations blacklisted within the church this according to reports. And that's just it's it all together a reference  Scientology 's though is denying all of these claims no word on SA and little group. I'm currently at very interesting yes Sophia ", "to reports. And that's just it's -- it all together a reference Scientology's though is denying all of these claims no word on -- SA and -- -- -- little group. I'm -- currently at ", "church of Scientology 's one of tonight a former  Scientology 's the insider his report  Scientology 's. An insider speaks.  Scientology 's. Church celebrity.  Scientologist  secrecy scenes in the  church of Scientology 's. I was she found  Scientology 's. A religion fiction writer  L .  Ron Hubbard . Betty still ", "-- the church of Scientology's one of the world's newest religions and growing opening dozens of new churches around the world and making high profile converts in places like Hollywood. But tonight a former Scientology's the insider will allege. That there is much we don't know about this famously powerful wealthy and secretive institution allegations. Of misuse of power. And physical harassment. ABC's Dan Harris brings us an exclusive interview with a woman who was once a high ranking church official in his report Scientology's . An insider speaks. Scientology's . Church known for celebrity. Scientologist secrecy. And controversy. -- the enemy first second and now the latest PR hit involves a former high ranking insider -- getting hooked. Who's being sued by the church and is fighting back by making headline generating allegations in open court. About what she says happened to her behind the scenes in the church of Scientology's . I was put in a trash can. Cold water -- -- me. -- I know it's wrong -- it needs to gets. ", "that was she claims her salvation. Cook was fourteen when she found Scientology's . A religion established in the 1950s by -- science fiction writer L . Ron Hubbard . Betty -- still firmly believed in Scientology's dead at age seventeen. She went to work full time for the church and joining their religious order called -- -- Heroes ", "who. -- for that ms. -- who has led the church since L Ron Hubbard's death in 1986. Is famously close with the world's best known Scientologist . Tom Cruise. The most dedicated Scientologist . -- -- A more confident -- more intelligent and more tolerant more compassionate beings we are lucky to have you thank you. But Debbie cook has testified in court that she. He's done this added punch at fellow Scientology's executive. If such in the face yes. I've never seen anything like this before. -- and you had no inkling that it was even possible. Never never conceived of about I mean I've been in Scientology's since I was fourteen years old I was on staff since I was seventeen. At that point it had been more than ", 'devotion to the  church of scientology  be one of the role of  scientology . According a role is  scientology  playing in committed  scientologist . For a time member of the  church of scientology , a faith fiction writer  l .  ron hubbard . It can ', "delicate question of faith and marriage. Could cruise's famous devotion to the church of scientology be one of the causes of the split? Here is abc's dan harris. Reporter: In the celebrity divorces, this one is the block buster. It's got it all, fame, hundreds of millions of dollars on the table, and high-powered lawyers on both sides. To do it quietly, would be mission impossible. And further, inflaming this whole situation, the role of scientology . According to sources close to katie holmes, who was seen in manhattan today without her wedding ring, one of the main reasons she filed for divorce was her husband's fierce loyalty to his faith. How big a role is scientology playing in this divorce? Tom cruise is a committed scientologist . For a time if their marriage, katie holmes embraced those beliefs. But it does seem to be that she has moved away from them. Tom cruise is the most famous and outspoken member of the church of scientology , a faith founded 60 years ago by science fiction writer l . ron hubbard . It can heel people of past tra has been embroiled in repeated controversies. Including this astonishing on camera frant a reporter, clashing ", "Tonight  Scientology 's. Under attack the  church of Scientology 's now claims life in the  church of Scientology 's. Lisa benefits of  Scientology 's. And and founder  L .  Ron Hubbard . Died in number anti  Scientologist  protests ", "Tonight Scientology's . Under attack the church of Scientology's now claims membership in the millions. And its opening lavish new facilities around the globe. Expansion is helped no doubt by the ", "current leader. This is her story her life in the church of Scientology's . Lisa Fletcher reports. He's one of the biggest box office draws in history the face of an impossible missions force agent. Fearless top gun pilot. -- -- And relentless lawyer and but in recent years Tom Cruise has also become the face of Scientology's . With public and -- -- penchant for the church. Privileged ourselves right. A recent video made -- -- Scientology's event it was leaked online -- people's interest in a belief system that has long been surrounded by controversy. -- authorities -- getting people. -- -- He's vocal about the benefits of Scientology's . And a supporter and close personal friend of its worldwide leader David -- -- This -- took over the reins of power. When science fiction author and founder L . Ron Hubbard . Died in 1986. Scientology's is about you yourself and what you do -- bring this -- says Scientology's can offer its followers greater ability in all areas of life. -- people what negativity and make them quote or no clear. You see all pass attempts have been to bring man up to somebody standard of what's normal what we're trying to do it Scientology's take somebody from this higher level. And -- to greater ability according to the church science technology is in the midst a tremendous growth. This Scientology's crazy basically -- -- someone who -- they claim millions of members in more than a hundred countries I have my -- ", "We do not forget to expect us. -- staged a number anti Scientologist protests across the country. The church has shot back with a video of its own. While claiming they are peaceful in less than three weeks anonymous members made -- encouraged 22 bomb threats. And eight death threats against members and officials of the church's signs -- New web sites critical of Scientology's are popping up all over the Internet. And just last week an interview with actor and former Scientology's member Jason today was posted on YouTube -- -- -- is destructive. And rip off X Scientology's kids dot com was created by three young women who used to be members of the church. I was born in New Hampshire and my parents -- the church announced 21 of the women stands out from the crowd of online critics. That's because on the family tree of Scientology's . She's rooted in deep. She is a niece of leader David -- cabbage. -- -- younger you know he's sending -- on my birthday humans you know banker Gary and -- -- -- Jenin a static kill was raised in the church. Both her parents were high ranking members of what's called the sea organization or C org. It is Scientology's version of the clergy. The group of people who essentially -- the church while we're told is that they have to work so hard because they're helping other people -- family isn't the most important thing. From the age -- six to twelve Jenna lived here at a Scientology's owned property in California that was known as the ranch. He lived in dormitories. -- -- only see my parents once a ", "Scientologist . Now facing She target  Scientology 's fund once one of  Scientology 's fiercest church. The  church of Scientology 's known believer in  Scientology 's. Which the faith  L .  Ron Hubbard . In vision for their  church of Scientology 's international ", "Scientologist . Now facing harsh new criticism from one of its own a former high ranking official Deborah cook. Blast in the church leadership in a weekend email to thousands of current and former members. She target Scientology's fund raising practices and also members to scale back on donations. And she's dinners as he was more and and the church officials are fighting back. Indeed they are good morning to you with a woman who sent this email blast was once one of Scientology's fiercest defenders now she has become a very public critic. One that some say could especially be especially damaging to -- very very powerful church. The church of Scientology's known all over the world for its celebrity members like Tom Cruise. John Travolta and Kirstie Alley and it's also known for ", "In which she says she is still a completely dedicated believer in Scientology's . Which has produced stunning and miraculous results. But that the current president David -- cabbage has accumulated more power within the church -- the founder of the faith L . Ron Hubbard . In vision for any single successor. A charge former church official Marty -- on agrees with. He wanted to make checks and ", "speak about church finances. As she never worked for their church of Scientology's international. Which is -- a mother church that controls finances. Marty -- on who the church has called a heretic and a ", "Tom is committed  Scientologist  and for a time in outspoken member of the  church of Scientology 's. A faith founded science fiction writer  L .  Ron Hubbard . Which had been married in a lavish  Scientology 's ceremony in Italy ", "assigned to -- playing in this divorce Tom -- is -- committed Scientologist and for a time in their marriage Katie Holmes embrace those beliefs. But it does seem to be that she has moved away from them. I think -- privileged groups outside. Pennsylvania governor Tom Cruise is the most famous an outspoken member of the church of Scientology's . A faith founded sixty years ago by science fiction writer L . Ron Hubbard . Which had been embroiled in repeated controversies -- you -- enemy first second third choosing members of my religion engaging and bring. Including this astonishing on camera rant from a reporter clashing with a church spokesman. And this explosive exit by that same spokesman during an interview and ABC's Nightline. Holmes and -- got married in a lavish Scientology's ceremony in Italy in 2006. But sources tell ABC news that Holmes came to fear that her daughter -- would be called ", "it mildly  Scientology 's He has snubbed when  Scientology 's spokesman passed it  Scientologist . Believed Now such  Scientology 's secrets they're called.  L .  Ron Hubbard  the founder Well whatever  Scientologist  may teach angry that the  church of Scientology 's didn't ", "I am father Edward that in New York to put it mildly Scientology's He has not had an easy time of it recently now where I began. While our Roland Martin Bashir was snubbed when Scientology's spokesman Tommy Davis yanked his microphone off and ended the Nightline interview. Davis was indignant when this year passed it Scientologist . Believed that galactic emperor called Z new. Brought his people -- or 75 million years ago and buried them in a volcano. Now such Scientology's secrets are supposedly reserved for the more advanced in the church have gone through extensive audits as they're called. L . Ron Hubbard the founder of Scientology's . Which by the way has only been around since 1953. Taught that people are spiritual beings called agents who really been around for thousands of years. Well whatever Scientologist may teach. Last week a Paris court didn't think much of it. -- find them nearly a million dollars when He convicted six Scientology's leaders of organized fraud. For bilking followers out of large sums of money. And to add insult to injury a famous Scientologist has now denounced the group. The Oscar winning director and screenwriter of crash and Million Dollar Baby Paul Haggis. Was angry that the church of Scientology's didn't announce proposition eight in California. Which denied same sex marriage. And He also said that Scientologist lied when they denied a policy of disconnection. From family members or friends who question their affiliation with Scientology's . In a scathing letter packets wondered what else they might be lying about. Now I'm not usually one to call anyone else's religion weird after all I believe and a guy who walked on water changed bread and water into his body and blood. And rose from the dead. However I do wonder about calling Scientology's . A religion I know it gives them tax exempt status to do so. But it seems to need more like a weird cult. I mean secret beliefs and membership. Lavish money payments. Isolating members from loved ones. And a leader who supposedly strikes his subordinates when He doesn't like what they say or do. And that's according to four former high ranking Scientology's executives. Now it seems to me where there's that much smoke there's fire and I don't mean the holy spirit kind. Tom Cruise is jumping on Oprah's couch and steaming and not -- chair may have been just the beginning of the unraveling. I can't help but wonder Scientologist won't be the next group to inspired Dan Brown's suspicious pan. Who knows maybe cruise or John Travolta we'll have the inside ", "manages Diane ethics and  Scientology 's. Mr. took over as the head of  Scientology 's in 1987 following church's founder.  L .  Ron Hubbard . sitting very patiently during that time period  Scientology 's continue to grow I don't know that  Scientology 's lends itself so ", "the religious technology center of the organization which manages Diane ethics and Scientology's . Mr. -- took over as the head of Scientology's in 1987 following the death of the church's founder. L . Ron Hubbard . -- sitting -- very patiently for the first fifteen minutes. It's -- return we're gonna take a short segment here and talk ", "here. For the past forty years and yet during that time period Scientology's continue to grow in fact it's 25 times larger today than it was in 1980. It I would just like to think of a few of the falsehoods that are in there because I think this explains a lot why you have the controversy I don't know that Scientology's lends itself so well to the press. In this instance. We did agree that we would had your correspondents from -- in ", "in from around the world. And that they decide to talk against Scientology's those people aren't scared and they didn't loudly speaking in the press he showed me -- -- you -- Before the show. ", "matchmaking game,  scientology  chief, david headily a former  scientologist , said he saw church of si  scientology  denied the allegations the woman the  church of scientology  cast to be cruise's And one former  scientologist  is coming forward ", 'process of finding a girlfriend for tom cruise. A high-stakes matchmaking game, scientology chief, david miscavidge. They would be asked questions of what do you think of tom cruise. Mark headily a former scientologist , said he saw those auditions when he was head of a production studio. And in july, he told abc news about those same tapes. We assumed it would be for "mission impossible 3." And I later found it was auditions for a girlfriend for tom cruise. Reporter: But the church of si scientology denied the allegations. "Vanity fair" says the auditions were taken and used to find a match for cruise. "Vanity fair" claims this is the woman the church of scientology cast to be cruise\'s girlfriend. Nazanin boniadi, an iranian-born actress, who has appeared in "ironman," "general hospital," and "how I met your ', 'and digging ditches in the middle of the night. And one former scientologist is coming forward to back the article\'s claims about boniadi. "Crash" director paul haggis says he\'s known for her about three years. And says she was, quote, embarrassed by her unwitting involvement. I was deeply disturbed how the highest members of a church could easily justify using one of their members. But the church of scientology denies all of this. Telling abc news, the entire story is hogwash. There was no product, secret or otherwise, ever conducted by the church to find a bride, audition or otherwise, for any member. Scientology also says no church members were used. Nor were they punished nor silenced. As for haggis, scientology says he\'s an apostate, who is, quote, attempting to grab headlines and falsely slander his former religion. Cruise\'s p.R. Person says lies ', 'Good evening, this week a stunning defection of sorts. Sitcom actress leah remini leaving the  church of scientology  after some three decades as a member starting at the age of 9. It is making magazine covers and headlines and it made us wonder ', 'week a stunning defection of sorts. Sitcom actress leah remini leaving the church of scientology after some three decades as a member starting at the age of 9. It is making magazine covers and headlines and it ', "at 7:40 with  scientology  in the spotlight been covering  scientology  for years. He's Good morning.  Scientology  is fighting back When you're a  scientologist , you see life sweeping look at  scientology . Life after death its founding by  l .  Ron hubbard , to its current ", "She says more than two decades ago, she and other children of scientology's elite sea were given grueling tasks, ranging from weeding to planting to hauling rocks for walls. They would pass it up. And ", "October issue of Vanity Fair of that claim that the  church of Scientology 's allegedly. Auditioned at love interest for Tom really the first effort was to find people within  Scientology 's so it remains to be seen how much Katie may have ", "October issue of Vanity Fair of that claim that the church of Scientology's allegedly. Auditioned at love interest for Tom Cruise according -- article one of the women was. Amazon -- says it. Not as ", "that it was really the first effort was to find people within Scientology's so it remains to be seen how much Katie may have been -- part of some sort of kind of auditioning process. ", 'queens" was a famous and outspokenly proud member of  scientology . When she dropped out, it made headlines. Since the radio station in minnesota. We have been involved in  scientology  for 30, 35 years of our life. You can imagine the circle ', 'sitcom "king of queens" was a famous and outspokenly proud member of scientology . When she dropped out, it made headlines. Since the news broke last week, remini has not explained why she left. Only issuing a statement, expressing her sincere and heartfelt appreciation for the support she has received. Now, remini\'s sister, nicole, who left the church herself several years ago, is coming forward, giving interviews to "people" magazine and a local radio station in minnesota. We have been involved in scientology for 30, 35 years of our life. You can imagine the circle of friends that my mother has. My sister has. They ', "fees that  church of Scientology 's the only was one of  Scientology 's highest of fellow  Scientologist . Complaining since not  Scientology 's and it's enter any  Scientology 's building herself a  Scientologist . It's ", "-- debit fees that church of Scientology's the only way forward to mental clarity spiritual enlightenment and as its members call it clear. Debbie cook a former church official ", "captain flag service organization. -- seventeen years Debbie cook was one of Scientology's highest ranking insiders. But according to her court testimony in June of 2007. She was forcibly taken to the whole. Located here on Scientology's international base in California. It was she says a place for science technology executives who had fallen out of favor -- the ", "at the current leadership. Especially. Ms. -- Not the church since not Scientology's and it's not harbored it is. -- -- -- -- individual. Operating in the church that's doing these things. However the church sent us numerous letters. From Scientology's executives describing David -- Davidge in glowing terms. The church says the real story here -- told in this upbeat and they've been running on national TV of late. He's the explosive growth of psychology. With 25 new churches built in the last five years alone. Along with -- extensive anti drug and human rights program. The church now says Debbie cook can no longer enter any Scientology's building and can not even call herself a Scientologist . It's very hard it's very traumatic for me and the only thing that drives me is the fact that. I hope I ", "that now Katie Holmes has filed for divorce from her husband. Tom Cruise and she. Saying that she thinks that this  Scientology 's church following her they're scaling back. At a this is not something that's it necessarily the mind of a paranoid ", "her husband. Tom Cruise and she. Saying that she thinks that this Scientology's church -- following her they're scaling back. At a -- this is not something that's it necessarily the mind of a paranoid ", "and others my whole life. Parents  Scientologist  people think you're just born into anything I like out of hand and says like  Scientologist  it gives us an athlete once they see doing the right thing basically been a  Scientologist  is basically is someone who helps ", "seventeen and -- -- Finance Smith and others my whole life. Parents Scientologist people think you're just born into religion -- I think any kid at some point along the way have to decide. Either works -- -- it makes sense to them I was -- design tolerances and really because friends of mine recommended -- to find out more He. But that's carrying anything I -- -- like out of hand and says like -- -- Scientologist it gives us an athlete once they see it. -- Technology that's. I don't know like I was on the housing does ", "They -- -- It's just doing the right thing basically been a Scientologist is basically is someone who helps. Street west and natural disaster happens our son Hassan Al you know 9/11 in this and ", "you. Whenever it's true views -- you whether you're listening Baptist. Buddhist Scientologist I think everybody has the right to decide for themselves. And it actually believe. What makes sense and helps them like people -- as a young mountaineers are proud to be compound Scientologist and I know in this business on -- -- young. -- -- you know. Something in another part of my life this -- really didn't do it that's what I am I -- my holidays last night audience. I was like London I'm proud to -- a Scientologist . Really hopeful that there can be changed in the world you know even if it's it's not one person. ", "ranking official in the  church of Scientology 's. Who's making former high ranking  Scientologist  official named Debbie generating allegations.  Scientology 's. church perhaps this email to fellow  Scientologist . This past new years ", "exclusive interview with the former high ranking official in the church of Scientology's . Who's making sensational charges against some of its leaders the church is -- all the allegations and taking -- to court. Dan Harris said that with a 1% of the firestorm and he joins us now good morning again. George good morning to you this all started -- email from a former high ranking Scientologist official named Debbie cook. Criticizing the church that email went viral the church sued -- she is now fighting back by making some headline generating allegations. Scientology's . -- church perhaps best known for its celebrity believers like John Travolta Kirstie Alley and Tom Cruise. For seventeen years Debbie cook ", "to hear and in some way. In repeated letters to ABC news Scientology's officials have denied that David -- cabbage ordered Debbie cook to be slapped. Or that he punched -- fellow executive. In fact ", "known as the whole. A pair of double wide trailers located on Scientology's . International based in the California desert. And when I was there it had to bars on the windows and security guards posted at one door for entering an -- sitting. And and this is where a number of Scientology's . Executives. From management level were. Held for bearing -- lengths of time. -- when -- in their annual leave -- you cannot. "]