['But now Cox the artist was attacking the mortgage world as he attacked his canvas and his life: as if he had something to prove. ', "Quote from Cox's novel: Christian J. Locke was 29 years old, stood only five foot seven inches tall, with dark brown hair/sun-tanned skin..", 'And just how badly Cox was breaking the rules became clear in the spring of 2001, when a warrant was issued for his arrest?', 'For starters, he assumed a fake identity to get an $80,000 mortgage. He pleaded guilty to conspiracy and grand theft, got three years probation and was ordered to stay out of the mortgage business. Which might have been the end of our little story. Except the convictions did not stop Matthew Cox. ', 'Arnold: He said that he wanted to help me in a way that would make me loyal to him. And he told me straight up.', 'Arnold: Very, very upfront. The loyalty part came in when he needed favors from me to do the illegal mortgages.', 'Then, she bought a house under a fake name and incredibly, the Social Security number of her own young son.', 'Morrison: You must have known that what you were doing was not just shady but illegal.', 'And Alison says she was about to learn a very painful lesson. Her partner in crime was not burdened by sentimentality or affection. She would not be the only woman to fall for this charming thief.', 'Then there were his dozens of mortgage-maxxed homes and buildings, his Audi TT sportscar, and designer clothes.', 'Keith Morrison, Dateline correspondent: Was he able to make your life successful?', 'Alison Arnold: No, he always just paid my mortgage. He just gave me enough to make a car payment.', 'From his book: It was apparent that if you were not with Christian, you were against him.', 'Hauck: He told me he owned his own company, he had about 20 people that worked for him that thought he was a god and they all wanted to be his friend.', 'Rebecca Hauck was mesmerized by these amazing stories: how to beat the system, get rich, and not hurt a living soul.', 'Hauck: It was but by the time he started approaching me with this, I was so consumed with him. ', 'In December 2003, Matthew Cox disappeared from his hometown of Tampa. Former business acquaintances, like Scott Cugno, were perplexed.', 'Scott Cugno, former business partner: He had 60 properties at that time, give or take, that he owned.', 'Alison Arnold: When I found out that he went on the run, I wanted to die inside because I knew everything was gonna be exposed.', 'Morrison: You knew he was going, maybe forever? And you were prepared to do that?', 'All those dozens of properties, and so much more about Matthew Cox were not all that they seemed.', 'And nobody in Tampa had the slightest idea that Matthew Cox and Rebecca Hauck were in Atlanta. And soon, they were setting up shop in another apartment building.', 'Hauck: We had to get new identities so we just went to dinner one night, made up a name.', 'Lenders like John Holman had no idea he was playing the part of the fictional dupe. ', 'They felt untouchable, Even slipping out of the country for a trip to Jamaica, where pictures of them were taken. They seemed like a couple of carefree Americans on holiday.', 'But, if she was in some ways trapped in this cage, it was certainly a gilded one...', 'News stories began to appear, describing a slash-and-burn mortgage march through Atlanta by the fugitives.', 'Dr. Bruce Brown: In our case he closed on six loans in the span of few days on our property, and another house closed on five to six loans within the span of a week.', 'Dr. Bruce Brown and his wife were leaving the Army, selling their first home when they met Cox.', 'Was it arrogance, hubris? Maybe it was simple karma, then... that the luck which greased this long string of scams was about to run out..', 'By the spring of 2005, Rebecca Hauck and the mortgage fraud mastermind Matthew Cox hadbeen on the run for 18 months, weaving their way north from Tampa.', 'They were suspected of juggling dozens of identities, including those stolen from former acquaintances.', 'Forging documents, taking money out of homes, they left homeowners and lenders fighting over the chaos.', 'And then one day, in the spring of 2005, Rebecca was briefly alone and her phone rang.', 'Finally, it had happened. A sharp-eyed court clerk in Columbia, South Carolina had noticed Cox had put several mortgages on two houses, in a matter of days. A fraud alert was issued on one of his money-laundering bank accounts. And so, there were photos of Cox inside the very bank, where his luck was about to run out. He was taken into custody just outside.', 'Hauck: He actually got taken to the police department. And they had him in custody.', 'The man deputies were questioning told them his name was Gary Lee Sullivan. Which was, in fact, one of his 30 or so fake IDs. And since there was no warrant for any Gary Lee Sullivan, they let him go. Matthew Cox simply walked away.', 'But she knew something was changing. Her face, she knew, had shown up on wanted posters.', 'Rebecca found herself alone, now in Houston, where they had come to find new victims.', 'Instead, Rebecca settled into a quiet life on the lam. She made new friends, changed her hair color, and once again, picked a new name.', 'And as Rebecca Sue Hickey, in Houston, she says she went straight. She worked as a bartender and attended cosmetology school.', 'Morrison: Were you holding back those tears all those months you were away from him?', 'Then one day, in March 2006, the Secret Service came walking into that cosmetology school.', 'What would happen now that Rebecca Hauck a.k.a. Rebecca Sue Hickey, a.k.a. Grace Hudson was finally caught?', 'Hauck: When they came and picked me up, i just felt like, I was scared but I felt this big relief.', 'By March 2006, Rebecca Hauck had been on her own in Houston for nearly a year since the day fraud artist Matthew Cox drove out of her life.', 'Rebecca Sue Hickey, as she was known to her friends, had been living in this apartment, going to cosmetology school, and working as a bartender, when one day, the Secret Service came calling.', 'And once she was caught, Rebecca admitted everything. She pleaded guilty to fraud, identity theft, money laundering and conspiracy. She was sentenced to almost six years in federal prison. And was ordered to pay back more than $one million. ', 'She sat down with us for an interview at the federal detention center in Atlanta. ', 'There was, remember, Alison Arnold, who seemed to realize a little sooner than Rebecca just how much trouble she had helped cause. She chose to turn herself in to the FBI and offer a full confession, pleading guilty to numerous charges, including conspiracy to commit bank fraud and identity theft.', 'She was ordered to pay $300,000 in restitution to her victims and she was sentenced to two years behind bars.', 'On November 15th, 2006 Rebecca Hauck was sentenced to nearly six years in prison. ', 'Brown: He just, at the closing table was nice and kind as could be, but the whole time, he was taking us to the cleaners.', 'Law enforcement was alerted to his many aliases, and the habits that could give him away: His love for vanilla lattes at Starbucks, movies about criminals, the habit of painting huge murals in a very specific style, and the method of using young single mothers as accomplices.', 'Morrison: More than likely then, some other young woman is setting herself up for a stay in a federal prison somewhere?', 'Where was Matthew Cox? Had somebody tipped him off? Well in fact the truth was too strange to make up. Just days before, Cox had learned what it felt like to become the victim of a crime. Armed robbers had burst into his house, and stolen watches, cash, a car. An Infiniti, of course. And Cox became so worried that somebody was after him that he scooped up his new girlfriend, and her son and moved into a hotel.', 'Amanda had settled down with a man who took her to Greece on vacation, loved crime movies, and vanilla lattes from Starbucks. And sure enough, he asked her to have breast enhancement surgery.', 'And then, one day, Cox and Amanda returned home from that hotel where they were hiding.', 'Gardner: I learned that he was not the caring, giving person that I thought he was. I learned that he was unscrupulous, he damaged my business, and he sabotaged a year worth of my work because he got greedy.', 'His lawyers say Matthew Cox is expected to plead guilty to a laundry list of charges as part of a plea bargain deal with the government. He may be sentenced in the next two months. ']