['Pastor\'s Wife Slams "Shiite Baptists" A Kentucky  Southern Baptist  pastor is trying to save his job this week after his Bill Thompson\'s wife, Angela, was unhappy with the  Southern Baptist Convention \'s reaction to the Boy Scouts of America\'s decision ', "Some Churches Say They'll Cut Ties to Boy Scouts Following Its Lifting Ban on Gay Scouts", "vast majority of  Southern Baptists  are very disappointed president of the  Southern Baptist Convention 's executive said that the  Southern Baptist Convention  -- the largest America, and the  Southern Baptist Convention  currently sponsors ", "the issue. The  Evangelical  Immigration Table for the push among  evangelical  leaders could be percent identify as  evangelical , second only to Commission for the  Southern Baptist Convention , said they aren't ", 'of the Abyssinian Baptist Church in New York; author and atheist Susan Jacoby ; Dr. Richard Land , of the  Southern Baptist Convention \'s Ethics & Religious Liberty Commission; and Sojourners president Rev. Jim Wallis , author of "On God\'s ', 'Abyssinian Baptist Church in New York; author and atheist Susan Jacoby ; Dr. Richard Land , president of the  Southern Baptist Convention \'s Ethics & Religious Liberty Commission; and Sojourners president Rev. Jim Wallis , author of "On God\'s ', 'Commission for the  Southern Baptist Convention  For the past decade country. The  Southern Baptist Convention  boasts 16 million an even larger  evangelical  push for immigration conservatives like the  Southern Baptist Convention . The D.C ', 'Rubio; Leith Anderson, president of the National Association of Evangelicals; Richard Land, the head of  Southern Baptist Convention  -- these are conservative leaders who can speak to conservatives who want to see this country move forward ', 'issue," Dr. Richard Land, president of the  Southern Baptist Convention \'s Ethics and Religious Liberty, said at a press considering the immigration issue. He even compared  evangelical  support for immigration reform as to Christians ', 'A coalition of  evangelical  leaders representing Commission of the  Southern Baptist Convention , which handles public Bush presidency,  evangelical  Christians have been The largest Latino  evangelical  groups in the country ', 'Chick-Fil-A declined to comment. In an article published on July 16 by the Baptist Press , a news services for the  Southern Baptist Convention , Cathy said, "We are very much supportive of the family -- the biblical definition of the family unit ', 'always been banned from hosting "Saturday Night Live." Slavery has always been unconstitutional in Mississippi, and  Southern Baptists  have always been apologizing for supporting it in the first place. The Metropolitan Opera House in New York has always ', 'Mississippi Church That Refused to Wed Black Couple Criticized by Baptist Leaders', 'Southern Baptist  leaders on Monday urged a Mississippi church that refused to wed a black couple to reject racial discrimination. Just one day ', 'business, and we are married to our first wives." Cathy told the Baptist Press, the news agency of the  Southern Baptist Convention , "We give God thanks for that." Mike Huckabee, the conservative politician, pundit and talk-radio ', 'something historic happened this week for 167. Years. The president of the  Southern Baptist Convention  looked like but. No more. The  Southern Baptist Convention  by the way the largest Protestant denomination in the sixteen million members ', 'something historic happened this week for 167. Years. The president of the Southern Baptist Convention looked like -- but. No more. The Southern Baptist Convention by the way -- the largest Protestant denomination in the -- sixteen million members but the denomination has a past it was ', "These folks these good folks in the yellow shirts behind me teachers are all volunteers. All members of the  Southern Baptist Convention  who are providing the meals so far they've served about 14100 meals. To the survivors Sam Porter is with ", "yellow shirts behind me teachers are all volunteers. All members of the Southern Baptist Convention who are providing the meals so far they've served about 14100 meals. To the survivors Sam Porter is with -- -- -- ", "waiting for word. These good folks in the yellow shirts behind me are all volunteers. All members of the  southern baptist convention  who are providing the meals. So far they've served about 1,400 meals to the survivors. Sam is with them ", "the yellow shirts behind me are all volunteers. All members of the southern baptist convention who are providing the meals. So far they've served about 1,400 meals to the survivors. Sam is with them. Sam, you guys ", 'seminary student Jonathan Merritt. Got prominent  southern baptists  to this declaration saying their denomination signatures including the current president of the  Southern Baptist Convention  and to past presidents. One of them his father ', 'this week from 25 year old seminary student Jonathan Merritt. Got prominent southern baptists to -- this declaration saying their denomination has been too timid on global warming. And risks looking and caring reckless and ill informed. We as humans have a responsibility. To address these things because scripture clearly commands us to do -- -- got some big names signatures including the current president of the Southern Baptist Convention and to past presidents. One of them his father James a mega church pastor who now drives a hybrid car. Anybody that ', "as the recovery efforts really start to push forward. Reporter: But volunteers like this one from the  southern baptist convention  say they're happy to help. It's going out to the people, for a nice, hot meal. Cozy up a little bit ", "start to push forward. Reporter: But volunteers like this one from the southern baptist convention say they're happy to help. It's going out to the people, for a nice, hot meal. Cozy up a little bit. I'm ", "times that many  evangelical  ministers called implement these  southern baptists  especially. Conservative  evangelical . this is an thousands of  southern Baptist  preachers that that isn't  evangelical  propped up Protestant ", "people it is but I'll guarantee you. That there are thousands of southern Baptist preachers that a vote for Mormon Mitt Romney if that's what they think it takes to get rid of President Obama. And ", "safety net. The vehicles are tested to see how well they hold up in front side rear and rollover crashes. The  southern Baptist convention 's publishing division is recalling pink Bible saying some of the money raised through their sale was going ", "well they hold up in front side rear and rollover crashes. The southern Baptist convention's publishing division is recalling -- pink Bible saying some of the money raised through their sale was going to Planned Parenthood. The "]