["These folks these good folks in the yellow shirts behind me teachers are all volunteers. All members of the  Southern Baptist Convention  who are providing the meals so far they've served about 14100 meals. To the survivors Sam Porter is with ", "yellow shirts behind me teachers are all volunteers. All members of the Southern Baptist Convention who are providing the meals so far they've served about 14100 meals. To the survivors Sam Porter is with -- -- -- ", "waiting for word. These good folks in the yellow shirts behind me are all volunteers. All members of the  southern baptist convention  who are providing the meals. So far they've served about 1,400 meals to the survivors. Sam is with them ", "the yellow shirts behind me are all volunteers. All members of the southern baptist convention who are providing the meals. So far they've served about 1,400 meals to the survivors. Sam is with them. Sam, you guys ", 'seminary student Jonathan Merritt. Got prominent  southern baptists  to this declaration saying their denomination signatures including the current president of the  Southern Baptist Convention  and to past presidents. One of them his father ', 'this week from 25 year old seminary student Jonathan Merritt. Got prominent southern baptists to -- this declaration saying their denomination has been too timid on global warming. And risks looking and caring reckless and ill informed. We as humans have a responsibility. To address these things because scripture clearly commands us to do -- -- got some big names signatures including the current president of the Southern Baptist Convention and to past presidents. One of them his father James a mega church pastor who now drives a hybrid car. Anybody that ', "as the recovery efforts really start to push forward. Reporter: But volunteers like this one from the  southern baptist convention  say they're happy to help. It's going out to the people, for a nice, hot meal. Cozy up a little bit ", "start to push forward. Reporter: But volunteers like this one from the southern baptist convention say they're happy to help. It's going out to the people, for a nice, hot meal. Cozy up a little bit. I'm ", "times that many  evangelical  ministers called implement these  southern baptists  especially. Conservative  evangelical . this is an thousands of  southern Baptist  preachers that that isn't  evangelical  propped up Protestant ", "people it is but I'll guarantee you. That there are thousands of southern Baptist preachers that a vote for Mormon Mitt Romney if that's what they think it takes to get rid of President Obama. And ", "safety net. The vehicles are tested to see how well they hold up in front side rear and rollover crashes. The  southern Baptist convention 's publishing division is recalling pink Bible saying some of the money raised through their sale was going ", "well they hold up in front side rear and rollover crashes. The southern Baptist convention's publishing division is recalling -- pink Bible saying some of the money raised through their sale was going to Planned Parenthood. The ", 'Florida organized an  evangelical  think tank scholar this man Michael And  evangelical  Christian who works tonight we know about  southern baptists  in the mail in relation mistrust. In some  evangelical  circles. The immediate ', "conference that takes place twice a year in Florida organized -- an evangelical think tank scholar. Who's been a little worried -- mainstream reporters may not know enough about religion. Check it out. It may be the best. Junket in all of journalism twice a year along this sunny beaches of Florida a small group of reporters meets that faith leaders and academics who study religion. For conversation meals and a robust exchange of ideas all under the direction of this man Michael -- -- -- And evangelical Christian who works at a think tank in Washington and said He simply got tired of taking calls from reporters who knew nothing about religion. You know -- -- a New York Times reporter only once tonight we know about southern baptists in the mail in relation marriages should be in this event for debating. -- -- -- -- -- She called me up ", "I've seen firsthand as -- deeply held sense of mistrust. In some evangelical circles. The -- immediate. So what do your. -- -- this say to you about. Hanging around with -- don't want secular ", "do it. Oh wouldn't do we stop backing down. But even though Christian leaders from the Vatican to this  southern baptists  to  evangelical  leaders have condemned Jones he beliefs. Christian sometimes ask what would Jesus do. Do you really think ", 'backing down. But even though Christian leaders from the Vatican to this southern baptists to evangelical leaders have condemned Jones he beliefs. Christian sometimes ask what would Jesus do. Do you really think that Jesus Christ. If -- ', 'condemnation. Of this. Disrespectful. Disgraceful act. To religious leaders from the Vatican to  southern baptists  to his fellow  evangelical  preachers and now in a sign of just how serious this is all become. From General David Petraeus in ', 'Of this. Disrespectful. Disgraceful act. To religious leaders from the Vatican to southern baptists to his fellow evangelical preachers and now in a sign of just how serious this is all become. From General David Petraeus in Afghanistan who -- ', "do it. Oh wouldn't do we stop backing down. But even though Christian leaders from the Vatican to this  southern baptists  to  evangelical  leaders have condemned Jones he beliefs. Christian sometimes ask what would Jesus do. Do you really think ", 'backing down. But even though Christian leaders from the Vatican to this southern baptists to evangelical leaders have condemned Jones he beliefs. Christian sometimes ask what would Jesus do. Do you really think that Jesus Christ. If you ', "community and that the focus about roundtable this Easter morning. So whipping today doctor Richard land of the  Southern Baptist Convention  evil Patel found of the interfaith youth core. And a former member of president Obama's faith advisory ", "roundtable this Easter morning. So whipping today doctor Richard land of the Southern Baptist Convention evil Patel found of the interfaith youth core. And a former member of president Obama's faith advisory council. The Reverend Al Sharpton ", 'leg and they can even drive a car. This past summer. President Jimmy Carter severed his ties with his own  Southern Baptist Convention  after sixty years as a faithful member. Now we did so because the group said that women must be subservient ', 'This past summer. President Jimmy Carter severed his ties with his own Southern Baptist Convention after sixty years as a faithful member. Now we did so because the group said that women must be subservient to their ', "in the audience during Romney's speech. President of the ethics and religious liberty committee of the  Southern Baptist Convention  Richard Land to good morning to you and also somebody familiar all of us. Syndicated radio host author of ", "Romney's speech. President of the ethics and religious liberty committee of the Southern Baptist Convention Richard Land to good morning to you and also somebody familiar -- all of us. Syndicated radio host author of a new ", 'He sought today to assure  evangelical  Christian voters that he would put to rest concerns among  evangelical  voters. 42% of whom say win. Richard land of the  Southern Baptist Convention  was one of many Christian ', "depicted as a fight that he couldn't win. Richard land of the Southern Baptist Convention was one of many Christian conservative leaders impressed with Romney's -- -- a great speech he made a ringing. Plea I think. ", 'forcefully on taxes. Tony Perkins of the family research council no residual issue John McCain. Richard Land  Southern Baptist Convention  He is strongly. Strongly pro life so it does seem that conservatives and stacked up in our poll as well are ', 'family research council -- no residual issue -- John McCain. Richard Land Southern Baptist Convention He is strongly. Strongly pro life so it does seem that conservatives and stacked up in our poll as well are coming ', "that's a decision they'll have to make and as a doctor Richard Land said he's a one the leaders in the  Southern Baptist Convention  he said look you're not running. For pastor in chief and that's actually right I'm running to help ", "doctor Richard Land said he's a one -- the leaders in the Southern Baptist Convention he said look -- you're not running. For pastor in chief and that's actually right I'm running to help lead this country ", "his way to the White House Thompson sells himself as reliable Republican. And doctor Richard land of the  Southern Baptist Convention  says it's Thompson's race to lose. But I think a lot of conservatives are. Sitting by they've been ", "sells himself as -- reliable Republican. And doctor Richard land of the Southern Baptist Convention says it's Thompson's race to lose. But I think a lot of conservatives are. Sitting by they've been sitting by the phone ", 'You can beat listen to Richard Land from the  Southern Baptist Convention  he told Newsweek magazine. We like a lot all these years of in pay and my ties to the  southern Baptist  churches belong to them. Think and maybe ought ', "don't believe. You can beat -- listen to Richard Land from the Southern Baptist Convention he told Newsweek magazine. We like -- a lot. But nobody thinks he can beat Hillary and a fear of another Clinton White House outweighs almost everything. Here's your chance you know Senator Clinton better than anyone else in the race how -- -- -- Well first thing I like to do this to say you know all these years of in pay and my ties to the southern Baptist churches -- belong to them. Think and maybe -- ought to get some on my money back temperatures not going to be ", "it. I think that indeed Fred Thompson takes off and eat because Clancy. You know Richard already from the  Southern Baptist Convention  but it James Dobson also be some sort of com and the movement coalescing around at I think that's from That's ", "and eat because Clancy. You know Richard -- -- already from the Southern Baptist Convention but it James Dobson also be some sort of com and the movement coalescing around at I think that's -- -- -- "]