['Green Bay Packers running back Ryan Grant is out for the season with a right ankle injury, a significant blow to the team after he piled up 1,200 yards in each of th...', "As if Peyton Manning doesn't dominate the TV screen enough, the hype meter will explode heading into Sunday's matchup between his Indianapolis Colts and little broth...", "Brandon Jackson doesn't have an established track record of consistent production like the player he's replacing. Still, the Green Bay Packers are confident he can c...", "Aaron Rodgers ' sentiments didn't match the scoreboard.After putting up 27 points in the Green Bay Packers ' season-opening victory at Philadelphia, Rodgers was happ...", 'Linebacker Clay Matthews has 3 sacks as Packers defense swarms Bills in 34-7 victory', "Clay Matthews knocked around another opposing offense, and this time the Green Bay Packers didn't allow any comebacks.Aaron Rodgers threw for 255 yards, with touchdo...", 'Green Bay Packers players have become the latest team to give the NFL Players Association approval to decertify in the event of a lockout next year.George Atallah, t...', "The Green Bay Packers kept piling up the yards but couldn't score. The Washington Redskins were left with a surmountable deficit, which they overcame to win yet anot...", 'Minnesota at New York, 8:30 p.m. EDT. Mark Sanchez leads the Jets (3-1), who are tied for first place in the AFC East, against former Jets QB Brett Favre and the thi...', 'Rally caps were in order for the Vikings, Jets and Raiders.Overtime, too.Brett Favre brought Minnesota back from a 14-point deficit with less than five minutes left ...', 'Every time it seemed as though the Dallas Cowboys hit their low point, Aaron Rodgers and the Green Bay Packers knocked them down another notch.Rodgers threw for 289 ...', 'Sixteen players, eight in each conference, were fined Friday by the NFL for illegal hits, including Atlanta defensive end Kroy Biermann and Cincinnati linebacker Dha...', "Aaron Rodgers simply threw his hands in the air and pumped his fist. No, he doesn't celebrate like Brett Favre.Rodgers doesn't have to worry about the ghost of Favre...", 'Aaron Rodgers watched helplessly from the sideline, hoping the defense could get a big stop to preserve his biggest win.When Tramon Williams intercepted Michael Vick...', 'Aaron Rodgers, sure. Clay Matthews, certainly. Greg Jennings, check.The Atlanta Falcons now have someone else on the Green Bay Packers roster to think about: James S...', "The Atlanta Falcons were just as surprised as most of the fans sitting at home. Until this week, they'd never heard of Green Bay Packers running back James Starks , ...", "There was one Monster of the Midway in the NFC championship game and his name was Aaron Rodgers.He wasn't even at his best and, still, he was better than the first, ...", 'By Simon Evans"It\'s awesome, that\'s what we tell the young guys - if you win this game, you are the best of the best, the best football team in the world," he said.A...', "Packers right guard Daryn Colledge has beard envy. He's so jealous of the growth on the face of Pittsburgh defensive end Brett Keisel that he hinted it may not be na..."]