['Episcopalian church in 2009 and 2012. In his weekly address, the president called for prayer and reflection over this Easter and  Passover  weekend. "In the midst of all of our busy and noisy lives, these holy days afford us the precious opportunity to slow down ', "religious holidays this week - Easter and  Passover  - and urged Americans to engage in prayer only spread well-wishes for Easter and  Passover , but also to advocate for the building celebrate during the rites of Easter and  Passover . It's a time to unite in prayer and ", "While this  Passover  menu nods to the traditional foods we've special meal with an updated elegance.  Passover  is meant to be a remembrance of hard new beginnings. This menu also makes  Passover  or any holiday meal a celebration of ", 'Faith and medicine frequently intersect. My patients and I often talk about spirituality when we discuss medical issues. For many people, life-and-death decisions are grounded in a belief that a higher being will guide the outcome as much, or more than, the physicians and treatments...', '10 plagues. Jews commemorate this event and the Exodus on  Passover . "The evening before the 10th plague, Moses instructed the who was Jewish and who wasn\'t. This is where the term \' Passover \' comes from," said Jonathan Safran Foer, the author of ', '13, there were 1,764 weddings, only slightly higher than the Friday of the previous week, 1,449. That was Easter and  Passover  weekend, a typically unpopular wedding time. By comparison, there were 3,329 weddings on Friday, April 20, and 2,303 ', "When it comes to holidays in April, most people think of Easter. Maybe  Passover . Tax Day is somewhere in there. And then there's Earth Day, in between the new moon and the end of the month. What exactly ", 'Today in Pictures, Syrian Protests, Sikh Pilgrims, Gymnastics, Trapped Miners and Puppies', 'Ng Han Guan/AP Photo) Ultra-Orthodox Jewish boys enjoy the beach during a Jewish  Passover  holiday in Tel Aviv, Israel, April 10, 2012.  Passover  commemorates the story of the Exodus, in which the ancient Israelites were freed from slavery ', 'Romney, Santorum, Gingrich, Paul all campaigning, while Obama heads to Florida, plus more to watch for Tuesday in politics', 'Hi everybody it for millions of Americans this is a special and sacred time of year. This week Jewish families gathered around the table commemorating the exodus from Egypt and the triumph of faith over pressure. And this weekend Michelle Malia Sasha and I will Christians around the world to', 'him to president rupiah. But Tom regular on the Internet safety of our people need is something that we can agency could as  passover  cleaning. Cuddy and whose mother had been so then North Korean decent publications sentence until the sheep are hopeful we ', 'our people need is something that we can agency could -- as passover cleaning. Cuddy and whose mother had been so then North Korean decent publications sentence until -- the sheep are hopeful we need ', 'Not a beautiful. Here itself and the executives. And pats are right around a quarter were celebrating a traditional  passover  meal we just are lots of amazing. Now being raised brisket with point. Yet so what I did here and we got that piece ', 'executives. And pats are right around a quarter were celebrating a traditional passover meal we just are lots of -- -- -- amazing. Now being raised brisket with -- point. Yet so what I did ', "Abc's martha raddatz reports live from the front lines. Hello, again. Best wishes to all of you celebrating this easter and  passover  season. It's a tense one in asia, where north korea stepped up its provocations by declaring a state of war against south ", "Hello, again. Best wishes to all of you celebrating this easter and passover season. It's a tense one in asia, where north korea stepped up its provocations by declaring a state of war against south ", "know. Once the music world misinformed. As didn't. The spokeswoman confirmed. He on ABC news yeah. Way to go Kayla. And we thank all of you for watching Nightline of course later good  passover . And we'll see you back here again.", "we thank all of you for watching Nightline of course later good passover . And we'll see you back here again. ", "the friendship and alliance between our two countries. It is deeply deeply appreciated. You've come here on the eve of  passover . I've always considered it is our most cherished holiday. That celebrates Jewish people's passage from slavery to freedom ", "It is deeply deeply appreciated. You've come here on the eve of passover . I've always considered it is our most cherished holiday. That celebrates Jewish people's passage from slavery to freedom. Through the ages it ", 'Many Americans marking  passover  and Easter this weekend and at the Vatican tonight hosting family and friends last night for a  passover  The fourth year in a row. The president saying  passover  and Easter remind us all of the common thread ', "Many Americans marking passover and Easter this weekend and at the Vatican tonight. Thousands already gathered at saint Peter's basilica as Pope Benedict led a service ", 'and the First Lady hosting family and friends last night for a passover -- The fourth year in a row. The president saying passover and Easter remind us all of the common thread of humanity that connects us. And at this time of reflection one of ']