["can step back into another era where  pilgrims , Wild West lawmen, Founding Fathers Plimoth Plantation is a replica of the  Pilgrim  settlement as it was in 1627. The English end. Attractions in town include the  Mayflower  II and Plimoth Grist Mill. Walter Grieve's ", 'Burgess, a second permanent colony was being established by the  pilgrims  in Plymouth, Massachusetts, in the harbor of Cape Cod Bay self-rule, they constructed an agreement of behavior known as the  Mayflower  Compact, the first formal constitution in North America ', "members of Congress,  Thanksgiving  is an opportunity Pelosi volunteers each  Thanksgiving  at St. Anthony's says her favorite  Thanksgiving  dish is Chocolate of how little the  Pilgrims  had to survive at football team's annual  Thanksgiving Day  game where he is also ", 'family celebrates  Thanksgiving  and there\'s no and make lots of  Pilgrim  jokes." Some celebration between  Pilgrims  and the Wampanoag friend\'s house for  Thanksgiving  dinner when he Facebook page for a  Thanksgiving  Happy Hour at a PARTY LIKE A  PILGRIM , DRINK LIKE AN ', 'Founded by Puritans, Massachusetts counted the second permanent English settlement, in Plymouth, after the  Mayflower -sailing  Pilgrims  landed from the Humber region of England. New Hampshire Founded by John Wheelwright, New Hampshire is the ', "the armed uprising. And our exclusive  Thanksgiving  interviews this weekend. Colin Powell's the way, you should have kept on the  pilgrim  outfit, that was very cute. (LAUGHTER duckers. Thank you for coming in on  Thanksgiving . Hope you all had a great holiday ", "Thanksgiving Day  may have started with the  pilgrims ' feast, but it was President national tradition. In his  Thanksgiving  proclamation in 1863, Lincoln of November next as a day of  thanksgiving  and praise to our beneficent ", 'In the small Massachusetts town where the  Mayflower  first landed and puritanical  Pilgrims  penned the "compact" that would evolve into the U.S. Constitution, a tempest is brewing -- over condoms in the classroom ', 'playwrights as Eugene O\'Neill and Tennessee Williams. It prides itself on being the first landing for the  Mayflower , where  Pilgrims  penned the "compact" that would become the U.S. Constitution. Provincetown has also been named the nation\'s ', 'playwrights as Eugene O\'Neill and Tennessee Williams. It prides itself on being the first landing for the  Mayflower , where  Pilgrims  penned the "compact" that would become the U.S. Constitution. Provincetown has also been named the nation\'s ', 'from ending up as  Thanksgiving  dinner . Obama issued will take part in the  Thanksgiving Day  parade at Disneyland be presented with a  Thanksgiving  bird by the National pardon" at his annual  Thanksgiving  turkey event. "Let a tribute to the  Pilgrims . "They\'re certainly ', 'dressing, gravy and pie on your  Thanksgiving Day  table, there will likely be one scurvy and cancer. When the  pilgrims  first arrived in this country bladder and kidney ailments. The  pilgrims  called the fruit "craneberry ', "your table isn't what the  pilgrims  had in mind or what you had Reporter: We begin with a  thanksgiving  riddle. When are cranberries Reporter: As we approach  thanksgiving , the celebration feast Sure they dress up any  thanksgiving day  spread, but every other ", 'salt. Now to the great cranberry/blueberry hoax. Sure they dress up any thanksgiving day spread, but every other day of the year cranberries can be found dressing up themselves like expensive blueberries. Some food manufacturers simply ', "friends and family on this  Thanksgiving Day  for them of course. It's from a year things up and  Thanksgiving . Well and my family is wonderful job. Another  Thanksgiving  in Afghanistan with more you won't be the happy  Thanksgiving  For Good Morning America Miguel Marquez  pilgrim  Afghanistan.", "women who are so far away from friends and family on this Thanksgiving Day for them of course. It's business as usual today with a few traditions to remind them of home. ABC's Miguel Marquez is with the marine battalion in southern Afghanistan. Thanksgiving morning in southern Afghanistan unlike any of the day here for Marines except. The child. A feast that might make your grandmother -- watch it goes good enjoying great meal that it actually didn't think -- be needed. So good Rolling Stone that would brings -- if they go. The third platoon of India company -- Italian fourth Marines are based in the tiny outpost in the town of drill program. Lance corporal Eric Collins of Clay County Kentucky on this Thanksgiving . Isn't home a first for him. Or how good planning. We don't go we're going termination of the meal for these Marines arrived by holding court truck did the big base just across the river. Life is pretty rough on this little tiny outpost for these Marines how rough but she's sending in their shower. Cold water only -- originally from a year things up and -- Thanksgiving . Well and my family is dead for Marines here all special visitor their top commander all the way from Washington. I'll tell you these guys. Fortunately brown. This is this is great but Dagen go tremendous record combat recently arrived in theaters this time. But we think they're gonna -- wonderful job. Another Thanksgiving in Afghanistan with more troops on the way you won't be the -- happy Thanksgiving -- For Good Morning America Miguel Marquez pilgrim Afghanistan. ", 'open their doors on  Thanksgiving Day  for the first time begins the day after  Thanksgiving . Many old navy and our. That once the  pilgrims  coming. Did their hope you have a great  Thanksgiving . Take care.', "the rough economic times a major retailers will open their doors on Thanksgiving Day for the first time. They're hoping to get a jumpstart on the holiday shopping season which traditionally begins the day after Thanksgiving . Many old navy and RadioShack -- gonna be open at midnight Toys 'R' Us will join them. And Wal-Mart will not only ", "candidates certainly has depicted that the eye pupils. I really related. To this entry. I was once my son's. On  Thanksgiving  party at his little one room school house when He was younger. And the kids all went around the table general in their little Paper  pilgrim  hats. We've all seen them don't and the kids all around and they were thankful for the teachers did and the parents ", "really related. To this entry. I was once -- my son's. On Thanksgiving party at his little one room school house when He was younger. And the kids all went around the table general in their little Paper pilgrim hats. We've all seen them -- don't and the kids all around and they were thankful for the teachers did and the "]