['Former campaign chiefs Jim Messina and Karl Rove join the "This Week" roundtable.', "papal conclave. Do you think there's a pope by easter? Oh, I do. I think they very much want to have a pope by  palm sunday  which IS MARCH 24th. THE DAY TO LOOK FOR, MARCH 19th, St. Joseph's day. I just learned as a catholic of so many ", "do. I think they very much want to have a pope by palm sunday which IS MARCH 24th. THE DAY TO LOOK FOR, MARCH 19th, St. Joseph's day. I just learned as a catholic of so ", "congressional hearing HI bedside next week. To friends family and millions of people praying around the world this  Palm Sunday  weekend. Don't be afraid. Terri Schiavo will not be for it. House Republican leaders are trying to keep shuttle ", "To friends family and millions of people praying around the world this Palm Sunday weekend. Don't be afraid. Terri Schiavo will not be for -- it. House Republican leaders are trying to keep shuttle alive by ", "records. Take note of April 3 and fourth 1974. When 315. People were killed. And that it there was another system on  Palm Sunday  in 1965. When 256 were killed there. Again I understand this is the largest since 1974 didn't more populated. Populated ", "People were killed. And that it -- there was another system on Palm Sunday in 1965. When 256 were killed -- there. Again I understand this is the largest since 1974 didn't -- more populated. Populated ", "expected to be in place there were 34000. When Obama took office. Today Catholics flocked to Saint Peter's Square for  Palm Sunday  the start of the one of the most. Polian weeks a Catholic Church. Pope Benedict made no direct mention of that had ", "When Obama took office. Today Catholics flocked to Saint Peter's Square for Palm Sunday the start of the one of the most. Polian -- weeks -- a Catholic Church. Pope Benedict made no direct mention of ", "Surrounded by tens of thousands of faithful on  Palm Sunday . Pope Benedict made a but defiant reference to the crisis doesn't occur action. Faith He said prevents being intimidated by ", "Surrounded by tens of thousands of faithful on Palm Sunday . Pope Benedict made a -- but defiant reference to the crisis doesn't occur action. Faith He said prevents being intimidated by the ", 'Catholic church on this  Palm Sunday  Pope Benedict made no direct mention of the growing had file priest scandals but others here in this country. Are speaking up ', 'Catholic church on this Palm Sunday Pope Benedict made no direct mention of the growing had -- file priest scandals but others here in this country. Are speaking ', 'the Sylvia chase had the news. From New York this is VA BC weekend news with Tom Sylvia chase. Good evening use this  Palm Sunday  filled with acts of war and attempts to stop them. The battlefield of course is the Middle East the effort for peace ', 'news with Tom -- -- Sylvia chase. Good evening -- use this Palm Sunday filled with acts of war and attempts to stop them. The battlefield of course is the Middle East the effort for peace ', "magnificently so you know I'm honored to be able to serve so actually. There women getting up on that Sunday morning it was  Palm Sunday . People were going to church. People just listening to lose idly people were playing with their children they had ", 'actually. There -- women getting up on that Sunday morning it was Palm Sunday . People were going to church. People just listening to lose idly people were playing with their children they had absolutely no idea ', 'to where our loan we might as well little. Here in Britain. Hometown church of the only female captive there were  Palm Sunday  prayer we for the naval personnel detained in Iran. And especially the sending for a quick and peaceful resolution ', 'Here in Britain. Hometown church of the only female captive there were Palm Sunday prayer we -- for the naval personnel detained in Iran. And especially the -- sending for a quick and peaceful resolution. British ']