['Todd Haley scored major points with his Kansas City Chiefs players after he was spotted at a Lil Wayne concert at the Sprint Center on Monday night.The 41-year-old h...', 'Raheem Morris stood at the podium deep inside Arrowhead Stadium, looked straight into the camera and let a slight smile creep across his face.The third-year head coa...', 'The Chiefs were coming off an exhilarating overtime victory, a hard-fought win over a division opponent that gave them a share of the AFC West lead.With a short week...', "It didn't matter how big of a lead the Miami Dolphins built on the Kansas City Chiefs. It still wasn't enough to keep them from feeling jittery.One of two winless te...", 'Kansas City Chiefs head coach Todd Haley believed his team winless Miami Dolphins at Arrowhead Stadium .Haley could have been right after the Chiefs came off a short...', 'Both the Miami Dolphins and Kansas City Chiefs have faced their share of adversity over the course of this 2011 season. Only one of those teams has shown the wherewi...', 'This was the New York Jets team Rex Ryan had promised all season.The offense jumped out to a quick start and kept going. The defense smothered the Kansas City Chiefs...', "After an offseason that brought about great uncertainty for the entire NFL, the Kansas City Chiefs enter 2011 in a situation that's been rather unfamiliar for the fr...", "Houston Texans running back Arian Foster , Kansas City Chiefs cornerback Brandon Flowers and Jacksonville Jaguars kicker Josh Scobee have been selected as the AFC's ...", 'Brandon Flowers finished with two - one returned for a touchdown -- and the Kansas City defense 0 Sunday afternoon.Jackie Battle picked up 76 yards on 16 carries, wh...', "Oakland Raiders head coach Hue Jackson said he's excited with how well his football team is playing this season. It will be interesting to see if those emotions will...", "Matt Cassel's three touchdown passes included a trick play that caught San Francisco completely flat-footed and the surprising Kansas City Chiefs remained unbeaten S...", "The unbeaten Kansas City Chiefs seem eager to stay that way.Just minutes after Sunday's 31-10 rout of the favored San Francisco 49ers , many players were already loo...", 'His kids started "going crazy." His phone started ringing off the hook. Todd Haley knew good things must be happening in Cincinnati.They were. The Bengals upended th...', "Ray Lewis knows a championship defense when he sees one. Now the Kansas City Chiefs do, too.Lewis and Baltimore's tough and savvy defense overwhelmed the young Chief...", "OVERVIEWTodd Haley's first year as head coach is in the books and the results were less than stellar as the team finished with a 4-12 record. Big changes have been m...", 'The kid wore a "KC Chiefs" logo on his cap and a worshipful look on his face."Wow! Eric Berry can do anything!" he exclaimed, so excited his dad reached over to make...', "With fans able to come to training camp, Chiefs getting big boost in Haley's second year", "Even for the NFL, a league that's famous for change, the Kansas City Chiefs seem saturated with newness.From their relocated training camp, to their $375 million sta..."]