['unseen dangers lurk in their disparate computer systems. "The alarm bells sound regularly: cybergeddon; the next  Pearl Harbor ; one of the greatest existential threats facing the United States," Preet Bharara, U.S. attorney for the Southern election-year cowardice, both Democrats and Republicans have colluded to let terrorists and enemy states create a new " Day of Infamy ." Therefore, let\'s make November 6, 2012, Election Day, their day of reckoning. Adam Levin is chairman and ', '1941 Attack on  Pearl Harbor  Japanese bomber planes launched a major attack on the U.S. naval base at  Pearl Harbor . More than 2,000 Americans were there were destroyed. The attack on  Pearl Harbor  is what drew the U.S. into World ', 'Sept. 11 is far more than a day that will live in infamy, as President Roosevelt said about December 7, 1941 [ Pearl Harbor Day ] . It was a cataclysm that reshaped almost everything about our lives, the way we perceive our country, the world ', "Bush on 9/11: 'I Didn't Have a Strategy. I Was Living Day by Day,' Former President Tells National Geographic Channel", 'gratitude that justice had been done." "Eventually September the 11th will be a date on the calendar, it\'ll be like  Pearl Harbor day . For those of us who lived through it, it\'ll be a day that we\'ll never forget." Click here to return to the ', 'hall meeting, Atkinson, NH --9:00 am ET: Holds media availability, Atkinson, NH --12:45 pm ET: Attends  Pearl Harbor Day  and Veterans Commemoration, Hampstead, NH --8:20 pm ET: Attends town hall meeting and holds media availability ', 'significantly dropped off for more than two weeks -- right before the eight US Attorneys were fired on the fabled " Pearl Harbor Day  Massacre." "There is a suspicious period of time where there were no emails, from around the 16th of November ', "so House Democrats are threatening to torpedo the Senate measure when it comes back to them. It is December 7th,  Pearl Harbor Day , and the Congress, now being run by the Democrats, still hasn't finished funding the government, a task they ", "so House Democrats are threatening to torpedo the Senate measure when it comes back to them. It is December 7th,  Pearl Harbor Day , and the Congress, now being run by the Democrats, still hasn't finished funding the government, a task they ", "so House Democrats are threatening to torpedo the Senate measure when it comes back to them. It is December 7th,  Pearl Harbor Day , and the Congress, now being run by the Democrats, still hasn't finished funding the government, a task they ", "so House Democrats are threatening to torpedo the Senate measure when it comes back to them. It is December 7th,  Pearl Harbor Day , and the Congress, now being run by the Democrats, still hasn't finished funding the government, a task they ", "so House Democrats are threatening to torpedo the Senate measure when it comes back to them. It is December 7th,  Pearl Harbor Day , and the Congress, now being run by the Democrats, still hasn't finished funding the government, a task they ", "so House Democrats are threatening to torpedo the Senate measure when it comes back to them. It is December 7th,  Pearl Harbor Day , and the Congress, now being run by the Democrats, still hasn't finished funding the government, a task they ", "Moving next to our collaboration with Google among today's top rising searches  Pearl Harbor day . This is the 66 anniversary of the attack on  Pearl Harbor  December 7 1941 the that will live in infamy. Over 2300 military personnel were killed ", "next to our collaboration with Google among today's top rising searches -- Pearl Harbor day . This is the 66 anniversary of the attack on Pearl Harbor December 7 1941 the -- that will live in infamy. Over 2300 military personnel were killed 11100 were injured during the bomb ", 'in 1941 Japan bombed  Pearl Harbor  and every year the is coming close with  Pearl Harbor  survivors because their together the national  Pearl Harbor  survivors association these faces. They that  day of infamy . And for as long as ', 'On this day in 1941 Japan bombed Pearl Harbor and every year the survivors gather in Hawaii but the commemoration today was unlike any other. Nor will be like this again ', 'the world we consider hours. -- that point is coming close with Pearl Harbor survivors because their numbers are dwindling. And their strength fading after today after marking the decades together the national Pearl Harbor survivors association. Officially disband -- To take a good look at these faces. They -- -- that day of infamy . And for as long as they are still here with us than what they witnessed remains part of the here and now. ', 'ago today December 7 1940 on the Japanese warplanes struck  Pearl Harbor . The surprise attack killed 2400 Americans almost half of ship sank that morning. And it has never been salvaged at  Pearl Harbor  today the servicemen who survived the attack those who were ', 'years ago today December 7 1940 -- on the Japanese warplanes struck Pearl Harbor . The surprise attack killed 2400 Americans almost half of whom died. On the USS Arizona of that great ship sank that morning. And it has never been salvaged at Pearl Harbor today the servicemen who survived the attack those who were still living. Survived -- 65 years ago and return to the site ', "country. next to our collaboration with Google among today's top rising searches as  Pearl Harbor day . This is the 66 anniversary of the attack on  Pearl Harbor  December 7 1941 the day that will live in infamy. Over 2300 military personnel were ", "next to our collaboration with Google among today's top rising searches as Pearl Harbor day . This is the 66 anniversary of the attack on Pearl Harbor December 7 1941 the day that will live in infamy. Over 2300 military personnel were killed 11100 were injured during the bomb "]