['Editor\'s note: Each week in "Apparently This Matters," CNN\'s Jarrett Bellini applies his warped sensibilities to trending topics in social media and random items of interest on the Web.', "(CNN) -- Children of the '80s and '90s fondly remember a time when MTV actually played music videos.", 'It was an era filled with art and glory and rebellion, and our parents were convinced this devil channel would surely encourage us to snort drugs and murder puppies and alter our report cards so that a D in math looked like a B.', "Truth be told, I almost got away with that last one. It was definitely worth a shot. But I hardly fault Guns N' Roses for my dishonesty.", '"Apparently This Matters" is Jarrett Bellini\'s weekly (and somewhat random) look at social-media trends.', "Of course, these days, MTV is known for its reality programming, and the network has basically become a giant bouncy castle for America's drunk, tanned, and pregnant. As a viewer, it's kind of like virtually enrolling at Arizona State.", 'However, on Thursday, to celebrate the Fourth of July, MTV and VH1 decided to go with 12 straight hours of music video programming. And news of this decision played out nicely all over the Web as excitement built for a short taste of that bygone era.', "Though, to be fair, the online anticipation rather reeked of moth balls. The younger generation probably didn't care.", 'After reading a few of the many trending articles about the upcoming "Music Independence Day," I actually spent some time Wednesday afternoon nostalgically searching YouTube for old videos from what many argue were MTV\'s glory years -- when Nirvana competed for airtime with Eric Clapton and Van Halen and Metallica and R.E.M. and Sir Mix-a-Lot.', "Or maybe THESE are the days. The very thing I was doing -- instantly calling up videos on YouTube -- is part of the reason why MTV doesn't air them in the first place. We've got everything we want just one mouse click and Twitter link away.", "So, don't hate on MTV. It's a business. And if there was money in music videos, that's what they would show. But there's not. The real money is in watching rich kids try to boink each other on Laguna Beach.", 'Thus, as a civic duty to my generation, I decided to dedicate one full hour of my afternoon to channel surfing between MTV and VH1 just to see what the music video experience feels like in 2013.', "Yes, it was tough investigative journalism. But at least it didn't require pants.", "My mission started just around 1 p.m. when, after several minutes of cable box confusion, I finally clicked over to the low-numbered SD channel for MTV. Apparently, I don't get it in high def. And I have to say that being out of the 800s felt dirty and weird.", 'Nevertheless, I bravely entered a proletariat cave of low technology, and the first video already playing was \'N Sync\'s "Tearin\' Up My Heart" from the late \'90s. Of course, it was that absolutely terrible boy band music, but at least it was fun to see a young Justin Timberlake in the early stages of his world domination.', 'The next video was Maroon 5\'s "Moves Like Jagger," at which point I promptly moved like Jagger over to VH1. Mind you, the song is totally fine, but there\'s just a whole lot going on in the video -- too much movement -- and I was fairly certain I was about to have a seizure.', 'MTV\'s sister network, on the other hand, seemed to be dedicating the bulk of its airtime to emerging indie bands, and I was immediately introduced to a duo called Johnnyswim and their video for "Heart Beats." It was decent, actually. And slower. Thus, I was no longer foaming from the mouth. So, things were looking up.', "Throughout the rest of the hour, I surfed back and forth, catching videos from artists I'd never heard of like Nabiha and Flume. And I also saw some hits from more mainstream talent like Eminem, Outkast, and Gwen Stefani.", "And I can't believe I just wrote that. But it's a video that simply doesn't disappoint. It's colorful and happy and absurd, and somehow it just fixes any situation.", "In the end, my hour of modern music videos definitely wasn't what I remembered from my youth, but it was still interesting and fun while it lasted.", "That said, I admit I was more than happy to turn off the TV and move on to other things. I'm a busy man, and it's not like I can outsource my regularly scheduled 2 p.m. nap.", "At home I drink from the tap. Not so much because I particularly love the taste, but because the automatic water dispenser on my fridge doesn't work.", "Children of the '80s and '90s fondly remember a time when MTV actually played music videos. ", "I've always found amusement parks very unamusing, for it's hard to justify standing in a hot, 40-minute roller-coaster line so I can promptly lose my car keys and barf up a churro. ", 'One day, a rather inconsiderate caveman turned to his cavewoman and said, "You know, Diane, you should really think about shaving your legs."', 'George Carlin once said, "I don\'t automatically wash my hands every time I go to the bathroom. You know when I wash my hands? When I s**t on them." ', "A lot of people don't know this, but for every 30 minutes of legitimate work, all employees must be allowed one full hour of Internet cat videos.", "I've been camping countless times in the forest -- as one does -- and without fail, there's always plenty of wood just lying around.", 'There\'s a great song by Todd Snider called "The Ballad of The Kingsmen." In it, he sings, "Marilyn Manson gets a lot of chicks. They\'re weird chicks. But they\'re chicks."', "In my bedroom there's an amazing wall-mounted hideaway ironing board. It even has an affixed light and timed electrical outlet for safety. The thing is absolutely brilliant.", '"Wow! I totally just watched the awesome cell phone video you shot at that concert!"', 'Abraham Lincoln once said, "In life, what counts is the size of a man\'s heart, not the size of his disproportionate willie."', 'Sometimes pet tortoises vanish for 30 years and end up in a box of records. Still alive. Or they live with San Francisco 49ers quarterbacks.']