['Editor\'s note: Each week in "Apparently This Matters," CNN\'s Jarrett Bellini applies his warped sensibilities to trending topics in social media and random items of interest on the Web.', '(CNN) -- "Wow! I totally just watched the awesome cell phone video you shot at that concert!"', 'The band is on stage. The phone is in your pocket. And, lest you actually just dance and enjoy yourself and maybe scan the floor for dropped cash, you decide, instead, to shoot three minutes of unlistenable pixel puke.', '"Apparently This Matters" Is Jarrett Bellini\'s weekly (and somewhat random) look at social-media trends.', 'Perhaps you upload the blurry mess to Facebook or YouTube, but in the end, it ultimately just gets filed deep within your camera roll with the pointless images of some overpriced, mediocre meal you ate from a trendy new food truck.', "It's difficult to explain just why we do it -- why having a very basic camera in our pocket compels us to shoot photos and videos of live music that, deep down, we know we'll never look at.", "Part of it might be the delusional notion of preserving a memory, but it's probably more about showing everyone in social media that you're actually out of your house doing something culturally important. As opposed to staying in and slathering your body with ranch dressing.", "But for exploring your city and having a true, cultural experience, live music counts. Going to Home Depot doesn't.", 'So, recently, the indie rock band the Yeah Yeah Yeahs decided to try something. They posted a sign:', '"PLEASE DO NOT WATCH THE SHOW THROUGH A SCREEN ON YOUR SMART DEVICE/CAMERA. PUT THAT S--- AWAY as a courtesy to the person behind you and to Nick, Karen and Brian. MUCH LOVE AND MANY THANKS! YEAH YEAH YEAHS"', "This all came out a couple of weeks ago when a picture of their sign from New York's Webster Hall was tweeted by Spin magazine, and it quickly got passed around the Internet. The band's sentiments seemed to strike a nerve.", "But never mind the annoyance of having to look at the stage through a sea of bright, glaring viewfinders. Even more than that, it's all just become sort of sad. We're disconnected from the music.", 'The real eye-opener for me was last year, when I saw Roger Waters perform "The Wall."', 'It was incredible. This show had explosions. And shiny things. And planes falling from the sky. It was complete sensory overload, and when I got home, I decided my life needed more lasers.', 'Are there any cell phone users in the theater tonight? Get them up against the wall!', 'Amidst all the operatic madness of the classic Pink Floyd double album, everywhere I looked, people were watching it through 3 inches of glass on their phones. One of the greatest rock spectacles ever was directly in front of them, yet they actually made the conscious decision to have a worse visual experience.', 'If "The Wall" was fine dining, it would be like ordering a beautiful steak and then asking the server to put it down his pants for five minutes.', '"Look, just run around the building a few times, do some burpees and bring it back."', 'But, for all those people at the Roger Waters show, I guess it just seemed like the right thing to do at the time.', 'So, as an experiment, I want you to pick up your phone, scroll through your photos and videos, and stop when you get to something you shot at a concert.', 'Was it worth annoying everyone else behind you? Has it made your life better? Will you ever look at it again?', 'If you\'ve answered "yes" to any of these questions, please join the Creed fans somewhere downstream. Your services are no longer needed.', 'Interestingly, though, on a positive note, last weekend I went to Wanee Festival in Live Oak, Florida, for a weekend of Allman Brothers and Widespread Panic and several other bands that rule your face.', 'Deep within the trees among the masses of people, getting a cell phone signal strong enough to utilize the interwebs was next to impossible. Which may explain why I saw so few people actually using their phones to begin with.', 'And as the night sky darkened, I was struck by the absence of little glowing viewfinders. People were just enjoying the music.', "Widespread Panic's John Bell at Wanee Festival: This was taken up close with a professional camera.", "Part of that is a reflection of the overall music-first vibe at Wanee Festival, But it still proves that it's entirely possible to be a part of the live music experience without having to document it in some way.", "Of course, if you have a quality camera and can get up close, there's definitely an art in concert photography. And people certainly appreciate that.", "But for everyone else, let's all agree to give it a rest. Do it for you. Just experience the music, take it in, and we'll talk about our favorite moments over late-night food.", "At home I drink from the tap. Not so much because I particularly love the taste, but because the automatic water dispenser on my fridge doesn't work.", "Children of the '80s and '90s fondly remember a time when MTV actually played music videos. ", "I've always found amusement parks very unamusing, for it's hard to justify standing in a hot, 40-minute roller-coaster line so I can promptly lose my car keys and barf up a churro. ", 'One day, a rather inconsiderate caveman turned to his cavewoman and said, "You know, Diane, you should really think about shaving your legs."', 'George Carlin once said, "I don\'t automatically wash my hands every time I go to the bathroom. You know when I wash my hands? When I s**t on them." ', "A lot of people don't know this, but for every 30 minutes of legitimate work, all employees must be allowed one full hour of Internet cat videos.", "I've been camping countless times in the forest -- as one does -- and without fail, there's always plenty of wood just lying around.", 'There\'s a great song by Todd Snider called "The Ballad of The Kingsmen." In it, he sings, "Marilyn Manson gets a lot of chicks. They\'re weird chicks. But they\'re chicks."', "In my bedroom there's an amazing wall-mounted hideaway ironing board. It even has an affixed light and timed electrical outlet for safety. The thing is absolutely brilliant.", '"Wow! I totally just watched the awesome cell phone video you shot at that concert!"', 'Abraham Lincoln once said, "In life, what counts is the size of a man\'s heart, not the size of his disproportionate willie."', 'Sometimes pet tortoises vanish for 30 years and end up in a box of records. Still alive. Or they live with San Francisco 49ers quarterbacks.']