["these improvements gasoline prices will likely remain at elevated levels. Gas hit its highest price ever for  President ' s Day weekend  and there are predictions the national average could reach a record for 25 by late April and nearly five dollars ", "likely remain at elevated levels. Gas hit its highest price ever for President's Day weekend and there are predictions the national average could reach a record for 25 by late April and nearly five dollars by Memorial ", "speaking again on Thursday in Illinois He really wants this to happen quickly before the congress goes in the  President ' s Day weekend  as they take a recess. You have to this as quickly as possible knowing that states are in need. They had that ", "really wants this to happen quickly before the congress goes in the President's Day weekend as they take a recess. You have to -- this as quickly as possible knowing that states are in need. They had ", "collection at the academy. It's been since the 1860s. And will be on public display for the first time this  President ' s Day weekend  visitors can catch a glimpse of the collection that contains locks of hair from the first twelve president ", "1860s. And will be on public display for the first time this President's Day weekend visitors can catch a glimpse of the collection that contains locks of hair from the first twelve president. A legacy of hair ", "And pres elect Obama wants real bipartisan buy in on this. When you say as quickly as you talk about what  President ' s Day weekend  that is exactly it and speaker Pelosi said today shall keep the congress and if they don't get it done by ", "When you say as quickly as you -- -- talk about what President's Day weekend that is exactly it and speaker Pelosi said today shall keep the congress and if they don't get it done by then. ", "focused on is get this done now has to be done. By  President ' s Day weekend  what happens that's not. Well you know and Pelosi say. That if we don't get it done by  presidents day  recess we won't have a religious figures well ", "focused on is get this done now has to be done. By President's Day weekend what happens that's not. Well you know and congress is gonna hear from and I I was pleased to hear Nancy Pelosi say. That if we don't get it done by presidents day recess we won't have a religious figures well -- the concern is that. In a non emergency situation. Congress exercises. All sorts ", "focused on is get this done. Has to be done. By  President ' s Day weekend  what happens that's not. Well you know and Pelosi say. That. If we don't get it done by  presidents day  recess we won't have a which you fears the concern ", "most focused on is get this done. Has to be done. By President's Day weekend what happens that's not. Well you know and congress is gonna hear from and -- I was pleased to hear Nancy Pelosi say. That. If we don't get it done by presidents day recess we won't have a -- which you fears -- the concern is that. In a non emergency situation. Congress exercises. All ", "collection at the academy it's been since the 1860s. And will be on public display for the first time this  President ' s Day weekend  visitors can catch a glimpse of the collection that contains locks of hair from the first twelve presidents ", "1860s. And will be on public display for the first time this President's Day weekend visitors can catch a glimpse of the collection that contains locks of hair from the first twelve presidents. A legacy of hair ", "that it does and that this meeting this money is needed. Two in infused in the economy as soon as possible by  President ' s Day weekend  they expect. This packets to be signed by the president. They they they say that they're taking Republican ", "Two in -- infused in the economy as soon as possible by President's Day weekend they expect. This packets to be signed by the president. They they they say that they're taking Republican ideas into account and ", "that it does and that this meeting this money is needed. Two in infused in the economy as soon as possible by  President ' s Day weekend  they expect. This packets to be signed by the president. They they they say that they're taking Republican ", "Two in -- infused in the economy as soon as possible by President's Day weekend they expect. This packets to be signed by the president. They they they say that they're taking Republican ideas into account and ", "The 9-year-old Internet video sensation spends  President's Day  with Josh, Lara and Sam.", "president George W Bush's former top strategists. And he's also advised Democrats and we say good morning to on this  President ' s Day  the review. Let me ask you Hillary get out tomorrow as Wisconsin and it's the polls are right. Barack Obama head but ", "he's also advised Democrats and we say good morning to on this President's Day the -- review. Let me ask you Hillary get out tomorrow as Wisconsin and it's the polls are right. Barack Obama -- ", "And from the meaning of  President ' s Day  the man who says He spent of work today is of course  presidents '  day  a little history lesson federal government today's  holiday  is actually Washington's Individual states adopted the term  presidents day  to order honor all of our ", "investigates and her video is somewhat troubling. And from the meaning of President's Day -- the man who says He spent 23 minutes in hell. These are some of the items you're searching for on Google ", "of work today is of course  presidents day  a little history lesson federal government today's  holiday  is actually Washington's Individual states adopted the term  presidents day  to order honor all of our Washington and the date of this  holiday  falls conveniently between ", "you are spending the day off of work today is of course presidents day a little history lesson. According to the federal government today's holiday is actually Washington's birthday. Individual states adopted the term presidents day to order honor all of our nation's president. Presidents not just Washington and the date of this holiday falls conveniently between the birthdays of Abraham Lincoln and George Washington. Also rising on Google search on this day is a website ", "want the vice president United States running around saying it's not likely happen. Today is  President ' s Day  yesterday was vice  President ' s Day  and it was all out warfare on the Sunday shows. And big political news today as a popular democratic ", "president United States running around saying it's not likely happen. Today is President's Day yesterday was vice President's Day and it was all out warfare on the Sunday shows. And big political news today as a popular democratic senator. Decides to ", "smaller group. Democrats who voted yes but who are now wavering. One of them Steve Driehaus got a visit from the vice  President ' s Day  in his home district. Treehouse is no easy yes vote either over the weekend He told the Cincinnati Enquirer he'd vote ", "wavering. One of them Steve Driehaus got a visit from the vice President's Day in his home district. Treehouse is no easy yes vote either over the weekend He told the Cincinnati Enquirer he'd vote no ", "demonstrators. Even so Mr. Bush could not avoid those who Cambridge year. Demonstrations were mostly orderly but left the new  President ' s Day  mark groups anger as well as celebration. Barry Serafin ABC news. We're joined now by our resident political analyst ", "those who Cambridge year. Demonstrations were mostly orderly but left the new President's Day mark groups anger as well as celebration. Barry Serafin ABC news. We're joined now by our resident political analyst George Stephanopoulos and ", "regular rates again targeting Stanley specifically doing this  President ' s Day  and Valentine's Day period. Right OK let's talk my next February 14 on Valentine's Day. And you can get tickets  holiday  starting usually 99 dollars for that super stretch section ", "and 60% off regular rates again targeting Stanley specifically doing this -- President's Day and Valentine's Day period. Right OK let's -- talk my next suggestion and this is to -- -- -- the high seas ", "laid out in new road map this idea of bringing Republicans in doing this in a bipartisan fashion but again not until after  President ' s Day  recess. This health care is now squarely going to be part of the full second year agenda perhaps as much as it was is the ", "in doing this in a bipartisan fashion but again not until after President's Day recess. This health care is now squarely going to be part of the full second year agenda perhaps as much as it ", "movement on this or really any other priority. And the and the fear of course is that lawmakers going home next week for the  President ' s Day  recess they may hear yet again from their constituents are angry they come back even more nervous. And something may back ", "of course is that -- lawmakers going home next week for the President's Day recess they may hear yet again from their constituents are angry they -- come back even more nervous. And something may back "]