['Kevin Kolb sacked 9 times, unbeaten run ends for Arizona Cardinals in loss to Rams', 'Sam Bradford connected on a pair of touchdown passes and was aided by a stifling defense as the St. Louis Rams downed the Arizona Cardinals, 17-3.Bradford completed ...', 'With prolific wide receiver Danny Amendola sidelined by a collarbone injury, the St. Louis Rams will probably need a group effort to make up the volume for the next ...', 'Sam Bradford had three touchdown passes on 26-of-35 attempts for 310 yards to lead the St. Louis Rams to a 31-28 win over the Washington Redskins on Sunday.Danny Ame...', 'Defiance turned to pragmatism early Thursday morning when the NFL tapped out to public opinion and reached an eight-year collective bargaining agreement with the NFL...', "So, who'll be the most scrutinized rookies during the opening week of the 2012 NFL season?Sure, Andrew Luck and Robert Griffin will undeniably be closely watched as ...", 'Matthew Stafford struggled for much of the game, but he shined when it counted as his 5-yard touchdown pass to Kevin Smith with 10 seconds to play led the Detroit Li...', "St. Louis Rams tackle Rodger Saffold was taken off the field on a stretcher in the fourth quarter of Sunday's 27-23 loss against the Detroit Lions.Saffold was injure...", 'St. Louis Rams offensive tackle Rodger Saffold had very limited duty in practice Wednesday, three days after being carted off the field with a significant neck injur...', 'Losing in the final seconds at Detroit could have been another blow to the downtrodden St. Louis Rams and their beat-down fan base.It was actually a huge step forwar...', "It's a good thing the St. Louis Rams have Sam Bradford.Were it not for the former University of Oklahoma star, who's thrown for nearly 6,000 yards and 25 touchdowns ...", "Tony Romo didn't need much time or his top three pass-catchers to show he's close to top form.Playing only a quarter in what was supposed to be his most extensive ac...", 'The names may have changed, but the storyline is sadly the same for the St. Louis Rams in regards to their 2012 season.For the third time in seven years, the moribun...', "Oh yeah, the Seattle Seahawks won a game last week.But missing amid the officiating controversy is how well they've actually been playing, which doesn't bode well fo...", 'Las primeras tres recepciones en la carrera del novato Torrey Smith fueron touchdowns por un total de 133 yardas en el primer cuarto y los Ravens de Baltimore impusi...', 'Donnie Avery and Mardy Gilyard , a pair of man level.Avery, a second-round selection (33rd overall) and the first wide receiver taken in the 2008 draft, was one of t...', 'St. Louis quarterback Sam Bradford left opener against Philadelphia, the third major offensive Rams player to suffer an injury.Running back Steven Jackson (quadricep...']