['petrakis on her wedding day that went from there to this. What made her divorce such a disgusting process? A  prenuptial agreement  she signed four days before her wedding day stipulating her husband peter would keep all of his $20 millioneal ', 'there to this. What made her divorce such a disgusting process? A prenuptial agreement she signed four days before her wedding day stipulating her husband peter would keep all of his $20 millioneal estate empire if ', 'calling her an able-bodied person capable of supporting herself. From the filing it appears as if they have a  prenuptial agreement . In addition, they have no children together. The only issue left would be is she entitled to any spousal support ', 'supporting herself. From the filing it appears as if they have a prenuptial agreement . In addition, they have no children together. The only issue left would be is she entitled to any spousal support and for ', "2011, she sold her skinny girl product line in a deal reportedly worth $100 thushgs. While hoppy did sign a  prenuptial agreement , there's still a chance he could be in for a huge payday. Bethenny seems to be finding comfort in her fans ", "in a deal reportedly worth $100 thushgs. While hoppy did sign a prenuptial agreement , there's still a chance he could be in for a huge payday. Bethenny seems to be finding comfort in her fans. Amid ", 'the movie "intolerable cruelty," george clooney plays a divorce attorney, who takes pride in his iron-clad  prenuptial agreement . I saw an ad in the paper, no-fault divorce. Two-week divorce without a lawyer. I\'m sick to my stomach ', "george clooney plays a divorce attorney, who takes pride in his iron-clad prenuptial agreement . I saw an ad in the paper, no-fault divorce. Two-week divorce without a lawyer. I'm sick to my stomach. Reporter: And although ", "Johnson has really nothing she is ahead of billion dollar with her clothing and accessories. So she does have a  prenuptial agreement  and it is me you cheat on me you get absolutely. Not that you've got to tell a lie and athletic and I pray they ", "dollar -- with her clothing and accessories. So she does have a prenuptial agreement and it is me you cheat on me you get absolutely. Not that you've got to tell a lie and athletic and ", "houses have you just. Probably approaching 300 but the trial was not about money. As cook had signed an ironclad  prenuptial agreement . He says it was about the importance of his role this children's lives and Brinkley's attempt to limit his ", "the trial was not about money. As cook had signed an ironclad prenuptial agreement . He says it was about the importance of his role -- this children's lives and Brinkley's attempt to limit his access to ", 'with an annulment. Married Federline in backup dancer her family reportedly coaxed her to draw up an iron tight  prenuptial agreement . That would protect most of millions. Custody of course could be in her mind about Iraq ready for ask for and ', 'dancer her family reportedly coaxed her to draw up an iron tight prenuptial agreement . That would protect most of -- millions. Custody of course could be in her mind about Iraq -- ready for ask for ']