['who reached a settlement in April to avoid trial. Terms of the divorce were not revealed, though they had a  prenuptial agreement . Her net worth is estimated to be $35 million; his is $8 million. Kim and current boyfriend, Kanye West ', 'use of their 12,000-square-foot Atlanta mansion, in which they\'re both still living. As for rumors of a  prenuptial agreement , Stewart told Bravo\'s Andy Cohen Sunday night that there wasn\'t one. "Really what I want is what\'s fair ', 'the Long Island woman who recently won a groundbreaking divorce battle , blamed her divorce on a "fraudulent"  prenuptial agreement , but her cousin says it was Petrakis\' affair with her husband that really ended the marriage. "That\'s just ', 'to have any impact or effect on the Company\'s business or operations." It is not yet known whether or not a  prenuptial agreement  exists and this could become the biggest War of the Roses in the divorce hall of fame. Top 5 Settlements in the ', "York's Long Island recently won a major - and rare - divorce battle after a New York Appellate Court tore up the  prenuptial agreement  she signed with her husband that hung only on a verbal promise. Her lawyer, Dennis D'Antonio, called the court's ", "Donald Trump's Holy War? Spokesman Defends 'Get Even' Comment At Christian University", 'it\'s an epidemic - I always say always have a  prenuptial agreement , but I won\'t say that because you people don\'t Nobody gets divorced, so I will not say \'have a  prenuptial agreement \' to anybody in this room."', 'continue, Mannis said. At one point, it was reported that Duffy-Hopper claimed she was coerced into signing a  prenuptial agreement  and his children had manipulated him to file for divorce. Mannis said the entire size of the estate is "in flux ', '2011. Kardashian filed for divorce on Oct. 31, citing irreconcilable differences and noting that there was a  prenuptial agreement . A month later, Humphries requested a legal separation or an annulment, making no mention of a prenup. The ', '2011. Kardashian filed for divorce on Oct. 31, citing irreconcilable differences and noting that there was a  prenuptial agreement . A month later, Humphries requested a legal separation or an annulment, making no mention of a prenup. The ', '2011. Kardashian filed for divorce on Oct. 31, citing irreconcilable differences and noting that there was a  prenuptial agreement . A month later, Humphries requested a legal separation or an annulment, making no mention of a prenup.', '2011. Kardashian filed for divorce on Oct. 31, citing irreconcilable differences and noting that there was a  prenuptial agreement . A month later, Humphries requested a legal separation or an annulment, making no mention of a prenup. The ', 'Noah. Kenny G is seeking joint custody but does not want to pay spousal support. Documents show they had a  prenuptial agreement . Benson-Gorelick filed for legal separation in January, although nothing was ever finalized, according to ', 'millionaire Guma Aguiar vanished , his wife filed a legal document asking a Florida court to overturn the couple\'s  prenuptial agreement . In the April filing, obtained by ABCNews.com, she recounted the "living nightmare" that was her marriage ', 'petrakis on her wedding day that went from there to this. What made her divorce such a disgusting process? A  prenuptial agreement  she signed four days before her wedding day stipulating her husband peter would keep all of his $20 millioneal ', 'there to this. What made her divorce such a disgusting process? A prenuptial agreement she signed four days before her wedding day stipulating her husband peter would keep all of his $20 millioneal estate empire if ', 'calling her an able-bodied person capable of supporting herself. From the filing it appears as if they have a  prenuptial agreement . In addition, they have no children together. The only issue left would be is she entitled to any spousal support ', 'supporting herself. From the filing it appears as if they have a prenuptial agreement . In addition, they have no children together. The only issue left would be is she entitled to any spousal support and for ', "2011, she sold her skinny girl product line in a deal reportedly worth $100 thushgs. While hoppy did sign a  prenuptial agreement , there's still a chance he could be in for a huge payday. Bethenny seems to be finding comfort in her fans ", "in a deal reportedly worth $100 thushgs. While hoppy did sign a prenuptial agreement , there's still a chance he could be in for a huge payday. Bethenny seems to be finding comfort in her fans. Amid ", 'the movie "intolerable cruelty," george clooney plays a divorce attorney, who takes pride in his iron-clad  prenuptial agreement . I saw an ad in the paper, no-fault divorce. Two-week divorce without a lawyer. I\'m sick to my stomach ', "george clooney plays a divorce attorney, who takes pride in his iron-clad prenuptial agreement . I saw an ad in the paper, no-fault divorce. Two-week divorce without a lawyer. I'm sick to my stomach. Reporter: And although ", "Johnson has really nothing she is ahead of billion dollar with her clothing and accessories. So she does have a  prenuptial agreement  and it is me you cheat on me you get absolutely. Not that you've got to tell a lie and athletic and I pray they ", "dollar -- with her clothing and accessories. So she does have a prenuptial agreement and it is me you cheat on me you get absolutely. Not that you've got to tell a lie and athletic and "]