['Michael Vick threw for 187 yards and two 13 victory anticipated season opener.Vick completed 14-of-32 passes and tossed his scores to LeSean McCoy and DeSean Jackson...', 'The St. Louis Rams offered injury updates opening 31-13 loss to the Philadelphia Eagles .The most serious injury occurred to cornerback Ron Bartell , who departed th...', 'St. Louis quarterback Sam Bradford left opener against Philadelphia, the third major offensive Rams player to suffer an injury.Running back Steven Jackson (quadricep...', 'The St. Louis Rams will be making their first appearance on the Monday night stage in five years with their upcoming clash with the New York Giants from MetLife Stad...', "Rookie Torrey Smith didn't have a reception in his first two games. That changed in a huge way Sunday.Smith caught all three of Joe Flacco's touchdown passes in the ...", 'After establishing themselves as serious Super Bowl opening victory, the Baltimore Ravens left the door open for their doubters following a disappointing loss last w...', 'Given what is at stake for the Pittsburgh Steelers , it comes as no surprise that Ben Roethlisberger would rather play than rest his injured ankle.With the St. Louis...', "It has been a long time since the San Francisco 49ers played some meaningful football in the regular season's final week. Thanks to a great year under new head coach...", "Josh Brown's winning last-second field goal couldn't erase the bad taste from the St. Louis Rams' poor first half.Coach Steve Spagnuolo didn't mince words after the ...", 'Coach Steve Spagnuolo was impressed with the St. Louis Rams in their preseason opener, especially with the fact that they committed only two penalties.Spagnuolo joke...', 'OUTLOOK: Now down to eight teams, with the defection of Boise State to the Mountain West Conference , the Western Athletic Conference is a bit sleeker for the 2011-1...', 'Even with a six-year playoff drought lingering in the background, it is safe to say football is back in the city of St. Louis.How else could you explain the rush of ...', 'Josh Brown kicked a 42-yard field goal on the 16 preseason win over the Tennessee Titans .Thaddeus Lewis , a second-year player out of Duke, led the Rams on the winn...', "The Cincinnati Bengals know that last week's loss made their afford to bring anything less than their best this weekend against the struggling St. Louis Rams .Just o...", 'With his stomach likely settled from a bitter Thanksgiving dinner, San Francisco 49ers head coach Jim Harbaugh now has a chance to give himself an early Christmas pr...', "A thrilling victory over the St. Louis Rams at the start of November looked as if it was going to get the Arizona Cardinals ' season on a positive track.Just two wee...", "Wins haven't come at a rapid pace for either the St. Louis Rams or Seattle Seahawks this season, but a meeting between the two NFC West afterthoughts will net one cl...", "There's nothing like a get-well game, even for a downtrodden team.For the St. Louis Rams , who fell short in a bid to seal a second consecutive win last week, the ch...", "It's been nearly a year since the St. Louis Rams last won on the road, while the Arizona Cardinals haven't won since Week 1 of this season and the two teams have com...", 'Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the Contrast Bowl.When the St. Louis Rams visit Lambeau Field on Sunday for a Week 6 date with the defending Super Bowl champion Gre...']