['chasing every fleeting issue that passes by. But the middle class will always be my No. 1 folks, period," he said. The  president \' s day  trip to Baltimore, the second stop on his "Middle Class Jobs and Opportunity Tour," came as the White House attempted ', 'technology entrepreneurs and researchers. http://abcn.ws/11WmdOt HAPPENING TODAY: A White House official previews the  president \' s day : "With Mother\'s Day approaching, the President will deliver remarks ... on the impact of the Affordable Care Act ', 'feel any more effective" than he did before he got the surgery at the NYU Medical Center on the Saturday of  President \' s Day weekend  in February, and just the fact that reporters were asking the questions means they have "absolutely no understanding ', "Chris Christie has admitted to getting lap band surgery. Christie reportedly had the procedure done over  President ' s Day weekend . Christie has been vocal about his struggles with weight in the past. In a July 2012 interview with Barbara ", "it. Christie underwent the surgery - a one-day out-patient procedure - on February 16 (the Saturday of  President ' s Day weekend ). He checked into the hospital under a pseudonym and told only his family and his chief of staff, who he ", "aboard Air Force One totaled $179,750 in FY2012. White House press secretary Jay Carney would not reveal how much the  president ' s day  trip to Illinois earlier this month would cost when asked about it by ABC News' White House correspondent Jonathan Karl ", "included: - Christmas - Kwanzaa - New Year's Day - Martin Luther King Jr. Day - Chinese New Year - Valentine's Day -  President ' s Day  Award Ceremonies Hollywood's awards season kicked off in January with the Golden Globes and concluded in February with ", '"GMA" Leads NBC by Over 1 Million Viewers, Most-Watched Week in More Than 19 Years', "largest advantages (2.988 million and 1.065 million, respectively) of the season. Note : Due to the  President ' s Day holiday  (2/18/13), ABC's, CBS' and NBC's Monday telecasts were coded as specials and are excluded from ", "recorded by members of the Colorado College Ultimate Frisbee Team on their way to a tournament in San Diego over  President ' s Day weekend . A spokesman with the Federal Aviation Administration confirmed the agency has opened an investigation into ", "Republicans blocked a cloture vote to confirm Hagel on Valentine's Day, pushing the decision back until after their  President ' s Day  recess. Democrats framed that rejection as a filibuster, while Republicans said they needed another week to discuss the ", 'Americans don\'t line up for  Presidents \'  Day  sales, much less camp outside Monday than they do during the  holiday  season. Related story Shop It To Me , said past  Presidents \'  Day  online sales have higher Monday. "In the case of  Presidents \'  Day , you have a smaller percentage ', 'Thornton/Getty Images)  Presidents Day  fact: Historians generally of Lincoln. While " President \' s Day ," which was enshrined as a Monday  holiday  with the " Uniform  Holiday of referring to it as  Presidents Day  and honoring all the ', "angels and freeways when it comes to prices at the there is nowhere to go but up and up and up. Just in time for  President ' s Day weekend  sky high gas in Los Angeles the rest of the country may not be far behind. Experts predict the traditional ", "to go but up and up and up. Just in time for President's Day weekend sky high gas in Los Angeles the rest of the country may not be far behind. Experts predict the traditional spring surge ", "these improvements gasoline prices will likely remain at elevated levels. Gas hit its highest price ever for  President ' s Day weekend  and there are predictions the national average could reach a record for 25 by late April and nearly five dollars ", "likely remain at elevated levels. Gas hit its highest price ever for President's Day weekend and there are predictions the national average could reach a record for 25 by late April and nearly five dollars by Memorial ", "speaking again on Thursday in Illinois He really wants this to happen quickly before the congress goes in the  President ' s Day weekend  as they take a recess. You have to this as quickly as possible knowing that states are in need. They had that ", "really wants this to happen quickly before the congress goes in the President's Day weekend as they take a recess. You have to -- this as quickly as possible knowing that states are in need. They had ", "collection at the academy. It's been since the 1860s. And will be on public display for the first time this  President ' s Day weekend  visitors can catch a glimpse of the collection that contains locks of hair from the first twelve president ", "1860s. And will be on public display for the first time this President's Day weekend visitors can catch a glimpse of the collection that contains locks of hair from the first twelve president. A legacy of hair ", "And pres elect Obama wants real bipartisan buy in on this. When you say as quickly as you talk about what  President ' s Day weekend  that is exactly it and speaker Pelosi said today shall keep the congress and if they don't get it done by ", "When you say as quickly as you -- -- talk about what President's Day weekend that is exactly it and speaker Pelosi said today shall keep the congress and if they don't get it done by then. ", "focused on is get this done now has to be done. By  President ' s Day weekend  what happens that's not. Well you know and Pelosi say. That if we don't get it done by  presidents day  recess we won't have a religious figures well ", "focused on is get this done now has to be done. By President's Day weekend what happens that's not. Well you know and congress is gonna hear from and I I was pleased to hear Nancy Pelosi say. That if we don't get it done by presidents day recess we won't have a religious figures well -- the concern is that. In a non emergency situation. Congress exercises. All sorts ", "focused on is get this done. Has to be done. By  President ' s Day weekend  what happens that's not. Well you know and Pelosi say. That. If we don't get it done by  presidents day  recess we won't have a which you fears the concern ", "most focused on is get this done. Has to be done. By President's Day weekend what happens that's not. Well you know and congress is gonna hear from and -- I was pleased to hear Nancy Pelosi say. That. If we don't get it done by presidents day recess we won't have a -- which you fears -- the concern is that. In a non emergency situation. Congress exercises. All "]