['felt long. The next  Puerto Rican Day Parade  I can remember, I was bell bottoms. My early  National Puerto Rican Day Parade  memories reflect my own this raises is, is the  National Puerto Rican Day Parade  a relic that has outlived ', 'variation of the official  National Puerto Rican Day Parade  logo on our packaging NOR the logo of the  National Puerto Rican Day Parade , Inc. It is an artwork cans, something the  National Puerto Rican Day Parade , Inc., would NEVER ', "In addition to her facial injury, she has cuts and bruises on her arm and hand. The video was taken at Sunday's  Puerto Rican Day Parade . The video shows a crowd of blue-shirted police officers standing in the middle of a street, around a car. Someone ", "In addition to her facial injury, she has cuts and bruises on her arm and hand. The video was taken at Sunday's  Puerto Rican Day Parade . The video shows a crowd of blue-shirted police officers standing in the middle of a street, around a car. Someone ", 'to "administrative duties pending the outcome of the investigation," Evers said. The video was taken at Sunday\'s  Puerto Rican Day Parade , an event that Evers said "usually goes off without a hitch." "Internal Affairs opened up an investigation in reference ', 'face and knocking her to the ground before she is led off bloodied and handcuffed. The video was taken at Sunday\'s  Puerto Rican Day Parade , an event that Lt. Ray Evers said, "usually goes off without a hitch." "We were made aware of the video very ', 'Theatre; June 30, when he appeared on MTV\'s TRL show in Times Square; and June 7, when he performed at a pre- Puerto Rican Day Parade  celebration. "It\'s my understanding that he has been around," said Paul Catsandonis, attorney for Jackson\'s ', "Puerto Ricans seem with their lot in life. We invented irrational exuberance. To prove that thesis, just watch one  Puerto Rican Day Parade . It is billed, as the world's largest, with as many as half a million marchers watched by two million of their closest ", 'rode onthe back of a pickup around San Juan\'s suburbs all day Saturday. "Campaigning in Puerto Rico is like one long  Puerto Rican Day parade ," she said cheerfully on Saturday, invoking the annual New York City event that draws big crowds and plenty of politicians ', 'on the back of a pickup around San Juan\'s suburbs all day Saturday. "Campaigning in Puerto Rico is like one long  Puerto Rican Day parade ," she said cheerfully on Saturday, invoking the annual New York City event that draws big crowds and plenty of politicians ', 'Clinton Speaks at Puerto Rican Medical Center Before Hitting Flat Bed Truck for Canvassing', 'noon ET, Gov. Pataki (R-NY) joins actress and filmmaker Rosie Perez in a proclamation ceremony for  National Puerto Rican Day Parade  Month in New York City. Gubernatorial Candidate Lynn Swann holds a "Hall of Fame Tribute" fundraiser ', 'Lt. Jonathan Josey was seen on video hitting a woman at the  Puerto Rican Day parade .', 'Philadelphia. Is prompting an internal investigation police were called into the conduct crowd control following. The  Puerto Rican day parade  yesterday. This video shows someone in the crowd spring officers with silly string that is when a police lieutenant ', 'internal investigation police were called into the conduct crowd control following. The Puerto Rican day parade yesterday. This video shows someone in the crowd spring officers with silly string that is when a police lieutenant walked over and ']