["San Jose State no match for nation's hottest team in 88-61 loss to No. 25 Louisiana Tech", 'Making its final road trip of the regular season, San Jose State ran into a team on a roll.Backed by a boisterous home crowd, No. 25 Louisiana Tech extended the nati...', 'Raheem Appleby scored 16 points and Alex Hamilton added 13 points and five rebounds to lead 25th-ranked Louisiana Tech to an 88-61 win over San Jose State on Saturda...', 'Anderson scores 15, Louisiana Tech wins 14th straight with 64-58 victory over Seattle', 'Chris Anderson had 15 points and four steals as Louisiana Tech won its 14th straight game, defeating Seattle 64-58 Thursday night.The Bulldogs (22-3, 13-0 Western At...', "Bradford's 13-yard TD pass to Gibson with 48 seconds left lifts Rams to 15-12 win over Bills", 'Sam Bradford threw a 13-yard touchdown pass to Brandon Gibson with 48 seconds left to lift the St. Louis Rams to a 15-12 win over the Buffalo Bills on Sunday.Bradfor...', "Brandon Gibson's 13-yard touchdown catch with 48 seconds remaining lifted the St. Louis Rams over the Buffalo Bills, 15-12.Gibson ended with six catches for 100 yard...", "In keeping with a popular holiday tradition, here's what the 32 NFL teams can hope to find in their Christmas stockings this year:ARIZONA CARDINALS: A LEGITIMATE QUA...", "John Skelton or Ryan Lindley?That's like asking a condemned man if he wants a firing squad or a paralyzing agent running through his veins.Arizona Cardinals coach Ke...", "Having already wrapped up the AFC East the previous week, a big win on Monday has the Patriots' sights set on the top spot in the conference. Thanks to four touchdow...", "With first 3-game win streak since 2006, Rams unapologetic for how they're doing it", "The St. Louis Rams have their first three-game winning streak since the end of the 2006 season and they're making no apologies for the way they're doing it.Coach Jef...", 'Adrian Peterson continues his MVP push in St. Louis as the Minnesota Vikings face another must-win situation.The star running back will also resume his chase toward ...', 'Forgive Ken Whisenhunt if he thinks he\'s on "Let\'s Make a Deal."Monty Hall isn\'t standing next to the Cardinals coach but Whisenhunt is about to look behind curtain ...', 'Louisiana Tech jumped to a 12-point, halftime lead and pulled away from Arkansas-Little Rock for a 70-52 victory on Wednesday night.Cordarius Johnson led the Bulldog...', 'Mark Sanchez directed a turnover-free offense and Bilal Powell ran for the first two touchdowns of his career, helping the New York Jets end a three-game losing stre...', 'Bilal Powell had the most effective day of his career, rushing for two touchdowns and helping the New York Jets to a much needed 27-13 victory over the St. Louis Ram...', "The St. Louis Rams listed wide reciever Danny Amendola as questionable for Sunday's contest against the New England Patriots.Amendola was expected to miss 6-to-7 wee...", 'Rookie Ryan Tannehill had two touchdown passes, and the Miami Dolphins withstood a late St. Louis rally to emerge with a 17-14 win over the Rams on Sunday.The visiti...', "Rams' young wide receivers filling in nicely while Danny Amendola out with shoulder injury", "The St. Louis Rams have done a good job of filling in for injured wide receiver Danny Amendola.The team's leading receiver injured his shoulder against Arizona on Oc...", 'Sam Bradford threw a 7-yard touchdown pass to Lance Kendricks on the opening drive, rookie Greg Zuerlein kicked a 53-yard field goal, and the St. Louis Rams then rel...']