['wise man, if it be lawful to call him a man, for he was a doer of wonderful works." Other roman authors wrote of his  baptism  by john the  baptist , his crucifixion by the roman emperor pontius pilate. The mystery of the shroud of turin has boggled minds here at the ', 'was a doer of wonderful works." Other roman authors wrote of his baptism by john the baptist , his crucifixion by the roman emperor pontius pilate. The mystery of the shroud of turin has boggled minds here at the vatican ', 'doer of wonderful works. Other authors wrote of his  baptism  by John the  Baptist  his crucifixion by the Roman governor the mystery Supreme Court and this weekend when the Christian  religion  focuses on renewal. Our person of the week is Marie ', 'was a doer of wonderful works. Other -- authors wrote of his baptism by John the Baptist his crucifixion by the Roman governor -- -- the mystery of the shroud of Turin has boggled minds here at the Vatican ', 'of ancient ritual. Now I turn to cokie robbets who has covered the vatican. So cokie,  methodist  girl from kentucky, everyone talking about the first jesuit pope, what does that mean? Americans know jesuits well. We have ', 'I turn to cokie robbets who has covered the vatican. So cokie, methodist girl from kentucky, everyone talking about the first jesuit pope, what does that mean? Americans know jesuits well. We have lots of ', "The pastor of friendship United  Methodist Church  tells us it's where they started they once owned and on the to this  church  leaving many unanswered questions the one place it began. White  church  you know thinking that well. The ", "The pastor of friendship United Methodist Church tells us it's where they started their lives together. And is the same place where they may have wanted to end it. ", "needs the  religious  vote in this you're  Methodist  you wanna  Methodist . Is it political it goes to  church  when He mean he's  episcopalian . Yet when asked what  religion  on He says especially  Baptist  he's never been baptized  Baptist . That goes course and  baptism  from the ", "He needs the endorsement. Of course He does every politician needs the religious vote in this country Americans are -- the question is will He get it reverend Dobson has said He might that's his ", "here as well as mood conservative what does conservative mean to a religious person what. Are the criteria to get an endorsement from the evangelical movement specifically -- so let's Begin there why do you ", "hope you'll weigh in on this what does it mean to be religious person when it comes -- your politics are you looking for somebody who identifies with you if you're Methodist you wanna Methodist . Is it political issues. Although arguably -- could say abortion really is that maybe it's a personal issue not political but is that what matters. Or -- -- if this person seems to filter everything that happens in life the way you would. If that's what Dobson wants an interesting if He feels the exigencies pushes into McCain who really talk about a man -- as it goes to church when He. But not the way Obama does interest and what phase I mean he's episcopalian . Yet when in South Carolina was asked what religion on -- He says Baptist . It gives access here that's compelling your mother was at this compelling well I've -- a Baptist Church in Arizona if you go to what churches that make you that. Particular particular denomination especially Baptist he's never been baptized Baptist . That goes with the name baptists really -- course and baptism from the Baptist exactly -- did you really but this is politics that we're talking about but I guess you know in the the thing ", "The united  church  of Canada that country's largest  Protestant church . Has added another immoral act to its list of no drinking bottled water. That's right the churches recommended a boycott of beyond the sunny in the light. Because it says ", "The united church of Canada that country's largest Protestant church . Has added another immoral act to its list of no -- drinking bottled water. That's right the churches recommended a boycott of ", "48 hours. And from members of the  church  community here in the Strasbourg co pastors of Strasbourg Wesleyan  church . They're here to watch the trial of the ex pastor of the United  Methodist Church  in readers. Arthur Shermer is accused ", "crews from the CBS show 48 hours. And from members of the church community here in the Strasbourg area so we want to come. And be able to -- because Lebanese peace. Would be upon everything that happens here during the trial Dana and -- and Linda Kiefer co pastors of Strasbourg Wesleyan church They're here to watch the trial of the ex pastor of the United Methodist Church in readers. Arthur Shermer is accused of beating his wife -- in July of 2008. And -- Parker after fifteen years to ", 'site today of a mass shooting and gunfire aimed at elementary schoolchildren. Here in front of the newtown united  methodist church  where people are gathering and tonight details are still pouring in. 27 victims, 20 children, seven adults. We ', 'gunfire aimed at elementary schoolchildren. Here in front of the newtown united methodist church where people are gathering and tonight details are still pouring in. 27 victims, 20 children, seven adults. We heard about the incredible ', 'adults including the principal. And the gunman killed himself. And all over this town in churches like the united  methodist church , the lights are on and they are still open for prayer tonight. They will be all night. People are gathering and ', 'killed himself. And all over this town in churches like the united methodist church , the lights are on and they are still open for prayer tonight. They will be all night. People are gathering and leaning ', "debt. We read in fairness. We grow it with the opportunity. And the we'd build it together. Am. I grabbed the  Methodist church  and taught Sunday school. And one of my favorite passages of scripture. Is in as much as she have done it unto ", "the opportunity. And the we'd build it together. Am. I grabbed the Methodist church and taught Sunday school. And one of my favorite passages of scripture. Is in as much as she have done it unto ", 'competitive  religious  marketplace mainstream  Protestant  churches dominate American  religious  life are down to attend a  Pentecostal church  was nearly says total  church  membership they have no  religion  and the competitors ', "and the competition here's Dan Harris. In America we have a competitive religious marketplace which means we have winners and losers and according to the national council of churches. The biggest losers are the mainstream Protestant churches. The denominations that used to dominate American religious life are down two point seven million since 1998. To seventeen million members. The people it's his chance -- -- Some are ", 'thought arraignment consider that it is up to be and how they grow they taught matter they say. Then Desmond Tutu  Anglican archbishop  who fought apartheid in South Africa but never lost his conclusions. And doctor Joseph medicine the last living ', 'they grow they taught -- matter -- they say. Then Desmond Tutu Anglican archbishop who fought apartheid in South Africa but never lost his conclusions. And doctor Joseph medicine -- the last living plains Indian war ', 'propriety He thought arraignment consider that it is and how they grow they taught about a basic. Then Desmond Tutu  Anglican archbishop  who fought apartheid in South Africa but never lost his conclusions. And doctor Joseph medicine the last living ', 'and how they grow they taught about a basic. Then Desmond Tutu Anglican archbishop who fought apartheid in South Africa but never lost his conclusions. And doctor Joseph medicine -- the last living plains Indian war ', "Florida have brought a sour note to a  church  community in Coral Gables surveillance into the Wesley Hispanic United  Methodist Church . Writing down an Alley and tossing fence He took president's the  church  are collected for children.  Church", "real life -- and Florida have brought a sour note to a church community in Coral Gables surveillance video. From last month shows a burglar who broke into the Wesley Hispanic United Methodist Church . Writing down an Alley and tossing his -- over the fence He took president's the church are collected for children. Church members say they won't be deterred -- they are taking up another collection police are now looking for the three. ", 'of west Germany and  archbishop  of Cyprus were among six nation tour. The  Anglican archbishop  bubble that died Wednesday Amin. Uganda says the  archbishop  died in a car accident from president And the  church  said the body of the ', '-- -- to Syria last stop on his six nation tour. The Anglican archbishop bubble -- that died Wednesday after being named as a conspirator in alleged plot against president Idi Amin. Uganda says the archbishop died in a car accident on his way to an interrogation. Well today the London observer reports He was shot and killed on direct orders from president -- And the church said the body of the archbishop -- been secretly buried in the jungle. ', "just no water stain but for others it's a silhouette of the virgin Mary. The rector rob a  church  in Norfolk Virginia discovered image in a  baptismal  font. He says He didn't want to bring attention to sightings are trying to keep it quiet ", "others it's a silhouette of the virgin Mary. The rector rob a church in Norfolk Virginia discovered image in a baptismal font. He says He didn't want to bring attention to -- sightings are -- trying to keep it quiet. But the word ", 'country rock  church  brain of the First United  Methodist Church  these. Really traditional  church  setting in numbers for the  Methodist Church  had But should  religion  and bars with brainer. Have  religious  service in ', "extension of his role as lead pastor as -- Sydney's First United Methodist Church these. Really already is tailored his services to the various needs of his congregation. We think that this -- and son and a natural for. Good people who just. Have no desire don't ever see themselves walking in the traditional church setting in some ways He says the -- just returning to its roots. 180 years ago are archer started in a way back when circuit rider came to town. -- developed the first Bible study very appropriate sorry. How little boy's name is -- every -- -- get in trouble -- there. Mainstream churches have seen their numbers fall over the years. Attendance numbers for the Methodist Church had fallen 20% in the past three decades whether people come -- probably are not. Some -- just us being faithful. With the Jesus that we now. But should religion and bars with alcohol and cool and mechanical bulls mix I think this is the kind of place of Jesus would hang out. People were having fun they are enjoying themselves they ran out of line and He made more wines. When Chris and his staff approached pub -- Mike Myers Myers says it was a no brainer. Have -- religious service in here didn't do absolutely nothing but help our reputation. Do we got a little bit of a rough reputation we have fights at -- some people are irate about it. I'm the servant -- where there's religion and I thought well maybe those will be -- leave the religion But some question if you can be serious about your faith in a bar love the bar where I mean there's alcohol ", 'faiths Jewish Muslim  Protestant  and orthodox Christians Florida left his  church  city could marry choose between the  church  He served and the scandal in the Catholic  Church . Because could was priest to became an  episcopalian . He now leads in ', "-- We did we -- did you pretty tough on the Catholic Church . In this book one of the things you -- is that celibacy is not something Catholic Church takes seriously -- you mean by that. I think that on the outside. There are all these rules. You know the church appears anti septic like Listerine you know we have known terms but then when scandals come -- Then the church reacts to those scandals what I was surprised in my situation and the recent weather we're perhaps you see them critical. Is that what I really really. Bothered by. Is the fact that you would respond to this situation between an adult consenting female an adult male both of them single. In such a harsh way but when priests are caught and other situations. Sometimes original statement sometimes there's no public declaration. I think that some of that has to the with the church's dysfunction I don't think -- critical of the Catholic Church is totally say there's there's. Great hypocrisy while I'm critical of that because you say that for example there are so many homosexuals both active and sell that at all levels of clergy. And church -- -- that the church would never be able to function. If they were really to exclude all of them from the ministry I think it's hypocritical to say in statements that we've seen recently. -- we're not gonna have gay seminarians no -- homosexuals in the priesthood we're not at -- meeting people to the recent -- -- what do you do with with. Hundreds of thousands of priests that that already are here serving and they're good -- at the highest levels of the church at the highest level some of them I ID no -- But some are not and then the church and -- So I think it's just insisting on celibacy for everyone has the problem not -- sold to see his bat I wanted to -- Mosul to do battle across not. But insisting that every -- -- -- and secular priests make a promise of celibacy. That's part of that commitment is government part of the tradition forty -- were married. And for 12100 years all -- had the option to -- So I don't think that this is in a part of something that's traditional you still a priest -- episcopal priest what do you think you've sacrificed by leaving the Catholic Church . In the Roman Catholic church's numbers lots of people are churches are smaller that congregations are smaller. But I believe that many of the people who go to the Roman Catholic Church even though a lot of them criticize my decision to do to break the promise of -- -- But you know 80% of Roman Catholics don't agree -- church on in vitro fertilization for example that's a mortal sin. Tying your troops getting a vasectomy. You know re -- after about marriage all of those things are mortal sins that you can't -- go to communion people go anyway thank god you know that it doesn't keep them from communion. But that those are the rules of the church and if you follow those rules. Basically. A good percentage of -- campus can even actively participate and apparently just about at "]