['Liz Marie, an interior design student and blogger from North Carolina, teamed up with her husband to create a headboard that would be the focal point of their master bedroom. They built their floor-to-ceiling headboard from rustic boards that make a dramatic contrast against their cream bedroom walls.', "Emily Clark from Charlotte, North Carolina, likes to keep her bedroom simple. Calming yet fresh white walls and sheets allows her to give her busy mind a rest. To see where the room started and it's slow-but-steady progress, check out her blog.", 'Holly Browning, from Midlothian, Virginia, says she automatically feels relaxed and sexy when she lies down in her bed. Her Shabby Chic bedroom that combines vintage and industrial accents is also focused on texture, especially in the bedding.', 'Bethany Brower, an interior decorator and blogger for Powell Brower from Northern Virginia likes to sleep. But her husband likes to wake up. The perfect compromise? Airy curtains and a cozy, dark ceiling.', 'Interior designer Shannon Berrey, who also blogs from the mountains of Sylva, North Carolina, created this cozy vacation home bedroom for her clients who loved paint-by-numbers pictures. She located vintage paint-by-numbers artwork that featured mountain scenes, and drew her color scheme for the bedroom from them.', 'Elizabeth Baumgartner of St. Louis said her bedroom sat neglected while she worked on decorating the rest of her house. Through smart purchases and repurposed items from the rest of her home, she transformed her bedroom and documented the process on her blog.', "Our colleague Katie Hawkins-Gaar and her husband turned their Ikea Malm bed into a one-of-a-kind masterpiece with the wooden headboard they made. It's the star of the show in their bedroom that balances soothing lavender walls with a dark gray duvet cover.", 'Kelly Marzka of Atlanta built and upholstered this chic bed with her husband. It cost less than $300, she said, and she created a tutorial for the entire project on her blog, View Along the Way.', "Holly Modica from Connecticut decorated her children's bedrooms on a budget, using decorative items from around the house as well as tissue paper, coffee filters, popsicle sticks and tree branches. ", 'Milk and Honey Home decorator Julie Holloway, from Roswell, Georgia, kept her own bedroom light and bright by painting her bed frame white. The blue dresser adds some fun to the calm scheme.', "The Milk and Honey Home team from Roswell, Georgia, showed off two of their clients' bedrooms. On the left, the clean, crisp wines and warm woods evoke a European experience. On the right, a mix of rustic and glamorous elements created the perfect retreat for a newlywed couple.", 'Kate Connor from Illinois loves a high-end look but hates the price that comes with it. A designer headboard inspired her to create her own, which she even created a tutorial for on her blog Chic on a Shoestring Decorating.', 'Corrie Moore, from Chesterfield, Michigan, spends her days as a laboratory technician but moonlights as a decor blogger at Little House on the Update. She and her husband built their own tufted headboard out of plywood, upholstery foam, fabric and buttons.', 'Decorative painter and interior designer Rina Noorwood, from Cornelius, North Carolina, chose pale, chalky shades to create a calm and relaxing bedroom. She juxtaposed the modern, mirrored bedside tables with the very traditional four-poster bed.', '"A bedroom can be uncomfortable if it\'s too formal," blogger Corrie Moore said of furniture choices', 'Share your gorgeous mantel photos and ideas on the next CNN Open House iReport assignment', "Editor's note: Welcome to CNN's Open House, an online tour of iReporters' houses that showcases incredible decor. Space by space, we'll move through beautiful design moments that make a house a home. Want to show off your decorating skills? Submit your photos to our iReport assignment! ", "(CNN) -- If there's one thing that kills bedroom coziness, home decorators say, it's a bed-in-a-bag set.", 'It might seem like a smart idea to buy everything together, but ultra-coordinated, flat bedding and stiff comforters often found in bagged bedding are the enemy of an inviting bedroom, said Holly Browning, DIY blogger and former home accent and interior designer.', 'For her, and many decorators who contributed to this week\'s "inviting bedrooms" Open House assignment, the feel of bedding is important. Whether it\'s crisp, white sheets from a store like Target or expensive, vintage-looking throws from Anthropologie, decorators say it\'s important to feel like you\'re sleeping on a cloud.', "And to get that feel, you must control the fluff. A carefully curated collection of down duvets, mattress pads, quilts and blankets of different thicknesses allow for temperature control and comfort, whether you're fast asleep or sniffling through a miserable flu bug -- and that probably won't come from a preselected, oversized bag, decorators said.", 'When pressed, decor blogger Emily Clark said, "A bed in a bag can sometimes be a good jumping-off point, if you add some other elements like patterned sheets or different shams."', 'Likewise, Browning relented: "Well, it\'s OK, really. If you are unsure of what pillows and bedding accessories you like, then buying a bag might be best."', 'But she also pointed out that the pillows in said bag are "not always the softest material," and that matters a lot.', "Don't miss out on the conversation we're having at CNN Living. Follow us on Twitter and Facebook for the latest stories and tell us what's influencing your life.", '"Pillows have always been a big discussion in our house," said interior designer and The Little Black Door blogger Elizabeth Baumgartner. "After a lot of trial and error, I\'ve found that we need at least one king-size synthetic pillow and one regular-size down pillow per person." The combination, she said, is perfection.', '"I think every bed needs several good pillows besides the decorative kind," said Clark. The calming, white master bedroom she decorated is "the most comfortable place for me in our home," she said.', 'Julie Holloway, part of the Milk and Honey Home decorator team from Roswell, Georgia, also finds pillows paramount. "My husband and I love our Tempur-Pedic pillows that mold to the shape of our neck and head," she said. "Our young boys love them, too, and steal them often."', 'But scratchy sheets aside, comforters that match throw pillows that match curtains, elicit a shudder and "ugh" from interior designers like Shannon Berrey. And what of a matched suite of bedroom furniture? They inspired the same kind of disdain.', 'The "paint by numbers" mountain vacation bedroom Berrey designed embodies her decorating aesthetic. "Some vintage pieces, some new, different wood tones, some painted," is how she put together a cozy, inviting bedroom for clients.', 'Interior decorator and blogger Bethany Brower said matching bedroom furniture makes her feel "claustrophobic."', '"Matching bedroom sets are definitely a buzzkill for me," Little House on the Update blogger Corrie Moore said. "I feel like a bedroom can be uncomfortable if it\'s too formal."', 'And according to the logic of most bedroom decorating schemes, designers say the bed and headboard are more important than the rest of the furniture. "A headboard gives the bed a presence in the room," Clark said. "Whether it\'s a full bed frame or even just a pretty quilt hanging on the wall behind the bed, a headboard makes the room feel more finished."', '"Important" doesn\'t always mean "expensive." Many headboards featured in this week\'s gallery are DIY projects.', '"This spot is so special to my husband and me because we built and upholstered the bed ourselves," Kelly Marzka said. "Every night when we crawl in to sleep, we\'re reminded of this project we took on, not knowing if we could even do it."', 'CNN iReport head-honcho and home decor blogger Katie Hawkins-Gaar is similarly proud of the impact her DIY headboard has on her master bedroom.', '"We have an Ikea Malm bed, something that was in our price range when we first bought it, but it never really stood out on its own," she said. "After making a custom headboard, it\'s like we have a brand new bed! It gave our bedroom so much character and the fact that it\'s handmade -- it was my husband\'s first attempt at a project of that scale -- makes it so much more meaningful."', 'The large headboard Browning created for her master bedroom reflects her personal style.', '"Right now I am loving gray and silver. The corrugated steel roofing I used for this one is shiny and massive," she said. "It\'s not very feminine but it creates a soft, romantic reflection from the side lamps."', 'Clark also finds that lamps are an indispensable ingredient to an inviting bedroom.', '"I recently moved the lamps in our bedroom to another room in the house, and we were with only an overhead light for a couple of months," she said. "It just felt so cold to me."', 'Soft light makes a bedroom cozier, she said. So, too, can black-out drapes, or even eye masks and white noise machines. Light-limiting drapes can come in handy for the occasional sick day, Brower said.', '"There\'s nothing worse than being laid up in bed with a cold and it\'s sunny and wonderful just outside the window. I can pull my drapes shut and block out the sun and pretend I\'m not missing out on a glorious day," she said.', "The only thing it seems decorators can't agree on when it comes to bedrooms is whether to put a TV in the room. For some, like Berrey, it's a must.", '"I know for so many a TV in the bedroom is a big no-no, but I have to have a TV in the bedroom. I love to lay in bed and watch TV until I fall asleep. It\'s really the only thing I need; No scented sprays or the sounds of crashing waves, just the sounds of the \'Real Housewives,\'" she said.', "Even if they think TVs don't belong in bedrooms, decorators confess to it apologetically.", '"I\'ll be hated for this one," said Holloway, who says TVs destroy the cozy vibe of a bedroom. "Are we not bombarded by screens? If you can swing it, no home office or TV in your bedroom."', "Are you obsessed with decorating your house? Show us your skills at CNN's Open House and your photo could be featured in next week's story. Our next focus: well-dressed mantels.", "CNN Living reflects your life. From advice for modern parents to the freshest news in food: It's all here.", "A fireplace isn't just a spot to keep logs and kindling. According to decorators and design enthusiasts, it's where you put your heart on display.", 'Nathan Berrong takes us on a tasty tour of the beers that can cool off your summer.', 'Go easy on yourself, let William do his fair share and check under your fingernails! Moms dish on what the Duchess can expect with new motherhood.', 'Every wedding is unique but most planning problems are universal. Experts share insights on how to say "no" gracefully but firmly.', "Do you prefer a one-piece or a string bikini? Your choice isn't made in a vacuum under the lights of a fitting room. ", "San Diego Comic-Con is a natural space for talking about harassment in geek culture, says Carrie Goldman, moderator of the con's first anti-bullying panel."]