['wearing blackface for the Jewish holiday of  Purim  - in which people traditionally wear costumes of a "basketball player" costume at a  Purim  party at his home. At a press conference his blog saying most of the people at his  Purim  party "also wore costumes" and it is ', "PM Note: 'Scaring' People Over Sequester, Oscar Opts for Happy Ending Political Movie, Hagel's Mulligan", 'NY Pol Under Fire For Blackface Costume - A New York politician is under fire for wearing blackface for the Jewish holiday of  Purim  - in which people traditionally wear costumes - over the weekend. http://abcn.ws/YTDuoT (Shushannah Walshe) Obama ', 'Meaning category: March 2012 In lieu of the Jewish Holiday of  Purim , Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu gave President Obama warmly, we have many courageous friends. We are returning for  Purim , and this evening we will read in the Book of Esther about ', 'Today in Pictures: Festival of Colors, Purim  Celebrations, Super Tuesday Reactions', '7, 2012. (Luke MacGregor/AP Photo) Ultra-Orthodox Jewish men and children read from the Scroll of Esther during the  Purim  festival at a synagogue in the ultra-Orthodox town of Bnei Brak near Tel Aviv, Israel, March 7, 2012. The holiday celebrates ', 'acquainted with the book, it is read on the Jewish Holiday of  Purim , which begins tonight. It tells the story of a plot by Persians warmly, we have many courageous friends. We are returning for  Purim , and this evening we will read in the Book of Esther about ', 'TRANSCRIPT: Rebecca Reyes on Whether Her Husband Should Be Jailed for Taking Their Child to Church', "observe Rosh Hashanah, I observe Yom Kippur, and I observe  Purim , because my daughter has all of these greggors (PH), and we make a lot of noise. And it's thrilling. CUOMO: I even like  Purim . REBECCA: How could you not? There's a clear good guy and ", 'Baptist Church in Washington, D.C., the pastor cited this excerpt from the story -- the backbone of the Jewish holiday of  Purim  -- and suggested to one particular worshipper, President-elect Barack Obama , that he had been sent to this world to be ', 'Obama Holds Conference Call With 900 Rabbis for the High Holy Days, Says His Volunteers Are Blowing Shofars of Action', 'engage the Middle East constructively. Fearing further violence, Israel declared a heightened security alert in advance of the  Purim  holiday. The action comes as Israel seems to be moving closer to a cease-fire with Hamas militants in the Gaza Strip. Facilitating ', 'engage the Middle East constructively. Fearing further violence, Israel declared a heightened security alert in advance of the  Purim  holiday. The action comes as Israel seems to be moving closer to a cease-fire with Hamas militants in the Gaza Strip. Facilitating ', 'never-will-bes -- and they bite the hand that feeds them. They\'re shooting a pathetically titled low-budget movie called "Home for  Purim ." Someone who snuck onto the set predicts Oscar buzz, which creates more Oscar buzz. It really does work that way. How do ', 'himself as the crusty director of "Home for  Purim ," the independent film within the film Wind." Posey\'s up-and-coming " Purim " character, Callie Webb, is intoxicated for the fictional actors of "Home for  Purim ," players who are one bad audition away ', 'Molly Dieveney, Rocky Mountain News, Denver -- psoriasis 1983 Blake Giddens, El Paso Herald-Post, El Paso, Texas --  Purim  1984 Daniel Greenblatt, Loudoun Times-Mirror, Leesburg, Va. -- luge 1985 Balu Natarajan, Chicago Tribune, Chicago ', 'Dov Hikind is under fire for a "basketball player" costume he wore on the Jewish holiday of  Purim .', "day it's about his relationship with Now those daily email subscription that sent to personnel on his Blackberry will soon  purim  bookstore shelves. It's a compilation that he's calling the president's and John. And thank you. Thanks so much and ", "subscription that -- sent to personnel -- on his Blackberry will soon purim bookstore shelves. It's a compilation that he's calling the president's -- -- -- and John. And thank you. Thanks so much and "]