["Pakistan Muslim League-N, that lawmakers would be on pilgrimage to Saudi Arabia during the end of the Islamic holy month of  Ramadan . Pakistan's largely ceremonial president is not elected by popular vote, but by the lawmakers in the Senate, National ", 'the Israeli military began drastically scaling back restrictions on Palestinian movement during the Muslim holy month of  Ramadan . That meant that thousands of Palestinians were able to get entry permits to Israel not only to pray or visit family, but ', 'Locally-sourced camel milk combined with freshly muddled ingredients like strawberry and mint were initially introduced for  Ramadan . But the camel milk mixologist will make the drinks anytime. "Camel milk has only recently been introduced to the main-stream ', 'House dinner he hosted to celebrate the Islamic holy month of  Ramadan . The meal, or iftar, breaks the day of fasting when Muslim families and communities eat together after sunset. Obama said  Ramadan  is "a time of reflection, a chance to demonstrate ones devotion ', "erupted in Thailand's three southernmost provinces in 2004. Wednesday's explosion came weeks after Muslim separatist negotiators agreed to attempt to halt violence during  Ramadan  as part of ongoing peace talks with the Thai government.", 'the security directorate exploded after midnight. The city was bustling with people as is common during the Islamic month of  Ramadan , when Muslims fast during the day and stay up late eating and praying. Police officials exchanged gunfire with unidentified ', 'Dubai officials, including whether the pardon was linked to traditions of clemency during the current Islamic holy month of  Ramadan . "I have my life back," added Dalelv. "This is a great day." Her mother, Evelyn Dalelv, told the AP from Norway ', 'heading home from their military base in northwestern Egypt for a vacation to join their families during the holy month of  Ramadan , the official said. The official said the dead included 15 soldiers and a driver, while another 40 people were injured ', 'urged Interior Minister Manuel Valls, who recently joined Muslim leaders in a fast-breaking sundown feast for holy month of  Ramadan , to crack down on insults and attacks against Muslims. Valls urged calm after the Trappes violence, and pledged to stand ', 'the start of the Islamic holy month of  Ramadan  on July 10. They follow months of surging sundown "iftar" meal that breaks the daily  Ramadan  fast. Streets during the holy month are this month, including at least 284 since  Ramadan  began, according to an Associated Press ', 'opposition fighters, a few hours ahead of iftar, the meal that breaks the dawn-to-dusk fast during the Muslim holy month of  Ramadan . The U.K.-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights and the Local Coordination Committees, two opposition groups tracking ', 'heading home from their military base in northwestern Egypt for a vacation to join their families during the holy month of  Ramadan , the official said. The official said the dead included 15 soldiers and a driver, while another 40 people were injured ', "the world this weekend marked the end of  Ramadan  a month of fasting prayer and reflection reporters to give us a sense of how the end of  Ramadan  is being celebrated a in Indonesia and nation. It's celebrating the end of  Ramadan . over the weekend fireworks lit up ", "for observers Muslims across the world this weekend marked the end of Ramadan a month of fasting prayer and reflection. We asked a pair of our new digital reporters to give us a sense of how the end of Ramadan is being celebrated a -- in Indonesia and in Kenya. -- I'm Margaret Connolly in Jakarta Indonesia the world's most populous Muslim nation. It's celebrating the end of Ramadan . -- over the weekend fireworks lit up. Prayers were dry -- through loudspeakers in mom you. The capital. -- the end of ", 'its residents have come here today to gather -- the end of Ramadan and to celebrate -- They come to hear prayer becomes -- -- -- -- -- -- and they come to it worshipped ', "It's  Ramadan  the holy month of the Muslim calendar reflection and sacrifice. Well sort of during  Ramadan  Muslims fast during daylight hours no relax wood blocks of television. During  Ramadan  nighttime is prime viewing time households ", "It's Ramadan the holy month of the Muslim calendar more than one billion people mark the occasion. It's a time of prayer reflection and sacrifice. Well sort of during Ramadan Muslims fast during daylight hours no food no water no smoking so after sunset they go all out. Often at lavish buffets in five star hotels. And taking the time to relax wood blocks of television. During Ramadan nighttime is prime viewing time households are glued to the screen. An estimated 100 million people -- broadcaster NBC's ten channels alone. ", "A month of  Ramadan  is coming to a close the most holy time for Muslims and reports from Abu Dhabi. also is part of the new  Ramadan . The fundamentals haven't changed during  Ramadan  fast for mourning tonight no food no water during daylight ", "A month of Ramadan is coming to a close the most holy time for Muslims. -- time for self reflection and worshipping god through prayer and fasting. But now some of the 14100 year old traditions are getting adjusted for modern technology. There is a tracking and reports from Abu Dhabi. -- also -- is part of the new Ramadan . The fundamentals haven't changed during Ramadan fast for mourning tonight no food no water during daylight hours -- a lot of work. Down the wrecked by the air ", "the famous late night soap operas that run during the holy month. Ramadan is the hottest season of the year for TV show's ratings go through the roof in prime time. His favorite line you ", 'comes together. Then bends down for prayer. Same as any month of Ramadan for over 14100. Years -- attraction ABC news out without. ', 'Millions of Muslims around the world are celebrating a three day festival to mark the end of the month long fasting period of  Ramadan .  Ramadan  commemorates the revelation of the first verses of the car on.', 'festival to mark the end of the month long fasting period of Ramadan . Ramadan commemorates the revelation of the first verses of the car on. ', 'This weekend the holy month of  Ramadan  comes to an end and hundreds of thousands of Muslims. In the Palestinian territories are trying to pray and one of the holiest ', 'This weekend the holy month of Ramadan comes to an end and hundreds of thousands of Muslims. In the Palestinian territories are trying to pray and one of the ', "in Baghdad violence to struck near sundown is Muslims were preparing the meal that breaks the fast during the holy month of  Ramadan . The deadliest attacks the deadliest of Sunday's attacks occurred when it parked car bomb went off at a commercial complex ", "preparing the meal that breaks the fast during the holy month of Ramadan . The deadliest attacks the deadliest of Sunday's attacks occurred when it parked car bomb went off at a commercial complex as people ", "How can you defeat them in aleppo? We have allah with us. He will send soldiers. Reporter: This is the holy month of  ramadan  when they fast all day. After sundown, they break the fast. The mood is light, not what you'd expect hours before the ", "us. He will send soldiers. Reporter: This is the holy month of ramadan when they fast all day. After sundown, they break the fast. The mood is light, not what you'd expect hours before the "]