['Cranberries masquerading as blueberries, and other ways diners and shoppers are being duped.', "friends and family on this  Thanksgiving Day  for them of course. It's from a year things up and  Thanksgiving . Well and my family is wonderful job. Another  Thanksgiving  in Afghanistan with more you won't be the happy  Thanksgiving  For Good Morning America Miguel Marquez  pilgrim  Afghanistan.", "women who are so far away from friends and family on this Thanksgiving Day for them of course. It's business as usual today with a few traditions to remind them of home. ABC's Miguel Marquez is with the marine battalion in southern Afghanistan. Thanksgiving morning in southern Afghanistan unlike any of the day here for Marines except. The child. A feast that might make your grandmother -- watch it goes good enjoying great meal that it actually didn't think -- be needed. So good Rolling Stone that would brings -- if they go. The third platoon of India company -- Italian fourth Marines are based in the tiny outpost in the town of drill program. Lance corporal Eric Collins of Clay County Kentucky on this Thanksgiving . Isn't home a first for him. Or how good planning. We don't go we're going termination of the meal for these Marines arrived by holding court truck did the big base just across the river. Life is pretty rough on this little tiny outpost for these Marines how rough but she's sending in their shower. Cold water only -- originally from a year things up and -- Thanksgiving . Well and my family is dead for Marines here all special visitor their top commander all the way from Washington. I'll tell you these guys. Fortunately brown. This is this is great but Dagen go tremendous record combat recently arrived in theaters this time. But we think they're gonna -- wonderful job. Another Thanksgiving in Afghanistan with more troops on the way you won't be the -- happy Thanksgiving -- For Good Morning America Miguel Marquez pilgrim Afghanistan. ", 'open their doors on  Thanksgiving Day  for the first time begins the day after  Thanksgiving . Many old navy and our. That once the  pilgrims  coming. Did their hope you have a great  Thanksgiving . Take care.', "the rough economic times a major retailers will open their doors on Thanksgiving Day for the first time. They're hoping to get a jumpstart on the holiday shopping season which traditionally begins the day after Thanksgiving . Many old navy and RadioShack -- gonna be open at midnight Toys 'R' Us will join them. And Wal-Mart will not only ", "candidates certainly has depicted that the eye pupils. I really related. To this entry. I was once my son's. On  Thanksgiving  party at his little one room school house when He was younger. And the kids all went around the table general in their little Paper  pilgrim  hats. We've all seen them don't and the kids all around and they were thankful for the teachers did and the parents ", "really related. To this entry. I was once -- my son's. On Thanksgiving party at his little one room school house when He was younger. And the kids all went around the table general in their little Paper pilgrim hats. We've all seen them -- don't and the kids all around and they were thankful for the teachers did and the "]