["D.C. United traded defender Brandon McDonald to Real Salt Lake for a pair of draft picks.United receives a third-round pick in the 2014 MLS SuperDraft and a conditional selection in 2015 as part of Wednesday's deal.The 27-year-old McDonald played in 63 games, with 62 starts, for United, which acquired him from the San Jose Earthquakes in June 2011. He had three goals and five assists with D.C. United....", 'Chris Wondolowski scored twice and the San Jose Earthquakes clinched the first playoff appearance since their rebirth with a 2-0 victory over D.C. United on Saturday...', 'Landon Donovan scored in the 90th minute to lift the Los Angeles Galaxy to a 2-2 tie with the San Jose Earthquakes on Thursday night.Edson Buddle scored his 12th goa...', 'For two teams coming in with sizable unbeaten streaks, the Los Angeles Galaxy and Chicago Fire both have serious question marks heading into their inter-conference c...', "Orr Barouch and Yamith Cuesta scored second-half goals to force a tie, and Scott Sealy's game-ending miss in penalty kicks gave the Chicago Fire a 5-4 shootout victo...", 'Superstorm Sandy caused enough damage in New York and New Jersey to make an impact on the MLS playoffs.The third-seeded New York Red Bulls were scheduled to host the...', 'D.C. United thought it had done enough to earn home field advantage in the first round of the MLS Playoffs, finishing the regular season second in the Eastern Confer...', 'The Major League Soccer Disciplinary Committee suspended Jair Benitez of FC Dallas, Brandon McDonald of D.C. United and Atiba Harris of Vancouver Whitecaps FC one ga...', 'Last year, D.C. United at Seattle Sounders FC was not a particularly intriguing fixture as the Sounders trounced United, 3-0, at CenturyLink Field.But at RFK Stadium...', 'Steven Lenhart and Simon Dawkins scored second-half goals to power the San Jose Earthquakes to their third consecutive home victory, 2-0 over the Houston Dynamo on S...', 'The Houston Dynamo ended their seven-match road trip to open the season on a five-game winless skid, but coach Dominic Kinnear is excited to open BBVA Compass Stadiu...', "The cardboard cutout drawing of a moving van wasn't winning any design contests, but the crude creation served its purpose as it crowd surfed the River End of PPL Pa...", 'D.C. United failed to close the gap on its 1 at BC Place.Entering the contest with two games in hand, D.C. United squandered a golden opportunity to inch closer to a...', 'D.C. United signed center back Brandon McDonald to a new contract Tuesday.McDonald, 25, was acquired from the San Jose Earthquakes for allocation money in June and h...', 'With apologies to the other rivalries in Major League Soccer that have been around longer, there is none more intense than the Portland Timbers-Seattle Sounders riva...', 'While the nightmare that is the Toronto FC season rolls on amid disaster and controversy, two other Major League Soccer teams are doing their part to keep Canadian s...', "Each week, Ives Galarcep takes inventory of the contenders and pretenders in Major League Soccer. This week, there's a new club at the top of his MLS Power Rankings....", "Back when Major League Soccer was in its infancy, D.C. United was the class of the league.Fast-forward to 2012 and the club from the nation's capital appears to be o...", "Toronto FC's Alan Gordon and the San Jose Earthquakes' Simon Dawkins both scored for the second consecutive match as the teams played to a 1-1 draw Saturday night.Go..."]