["It's  Ramadan  the holy month of the Muslim calendar reflection and sacrifice. Well sort of during  Ramadan  Muslims fast during daylight hours no relax wood blocks of television. During  Ramadan  nighttime is prime viewing time households ", "It's Ramadan the holy month of the Muslim calendar more than one billion people mark the occasion. It's a time of prayer reflection and sacrifice. Well sort of during Ramadan Muslims fast during daylight hours no food no water no smoking so after sunset they go all out. Often at lavish buffets in five star hotels. And taking the time to relax wood blocks of television. During Ramadan nighttime is prime viewing time households are glued to the screen. An estimated 100 million people -- broadcaster NBC's ten channels alone. ", "A month of  Ramadan  is coming to a close the most holy time for Muslims and reports from Abu Dhabi. also is part of the new  Ramadan . The fundamentals haven't changed during  Ramadan  fast for mourning tonight no food no water during daylight ", "A month of Ramadan is coming to a close the most holy time for Muslims. -- time for self reflection and worshipping god through prayer and fasting. But now some of the 14100 year old traditions are getting adjusted for modern technology. There is a tracking and reports from Abu Dhabi. -- also -- is part of the new Ramadan . The fundamentals haven't changed during Ramadan fast for mourning tonight no food no water during daylight hours -- a lot of work. Down the wrecked by the air ", "the famous late night soap operas that run during the holy month. Ramadan is the hottest season of the year for TV show's ratings go through the roof in prime time. His favorite line you ", 'comes together. Then bends down for prayer. Same as any month of Ramadan for over 14100. Years -- attraction ABC news out without. ', 'Millions of Muslims around the world are celebrating a three day festival to mark the end of the month long fasting period of  Ramadan .  Ramadan  commemorates the revelation of the first verses of the car on.', 'festival to mark the end of the month long fasting period of Ramadan . Ramadan commemorates the revelation of the first verses of the car on. ', 'This weekend the holy month of  Ramadan  comes to an end and hundreds of thousands of Muslims. In the Palestinian territories are trying to pray and one of the holiest ', 'This weekend the holy month of Ramadan comes to an end and hundreds of thousands of Muslims. In the Palestinian territories are trying to pray and one of the ', "in Baghdad violence to struck near sundown is Muslims were preparing the meal that breaks the fast during the holy month of  Ramadan . The deadliest attacks the deadliest of Sunday's attacks occurred when it parked car bomb went off at a commercial complex ", "preparing the meal that breaks the fast during the holy month of Ramadan . The deadliest attacks the deadliest of Sunday's attacks occurred when it parked car bomb went off at a commercial complex as people ", "How can you defeat them in aleppo? We have allah with us. He will send soldiers. Reporter: This is the holy month of  ramadan  when they fast all day. After sundown, they break the fast. The mood is light, not what you'd expect hours before the ", "us. He will send soldiers. Reporter: This is the holy month of ramadan when they fast all day. After sundown, they break the fast. The mood is light, not what you'd expect hours before the ", "them and love them and we have all along with us this is 21 year old Ali he will send soldiers. This is the holy month of  Ramadan  when most Muslims fast all day. After sundown break the fast the mood is light not what you'd expect hours before the big ", "old Ali he will send soldiers. This is the holy month of Ramadan when most Muslims fast all day. After sundown -- break the fast the mood is light not what you'd expect hours before ", "Damascus. As the Muslim holy month of  Ramadan  gets under way at the BBC's Mike wooldridge protests took out of the Muslim holy month of  Ramadan . Reports today you speak of the Syrian Syrian government continued to anywhere  Ramadan  provides a greater opportunity people ", "at least six people in Damascus. As the Muslim holy month of Ramadan gets under way at the BBC's Mike wooldridge report. Salute. The -- the city where president Bashar Assad pulls his. Could be making an all out to attempt to subdued protests took -- out of the Muslim holy month of Ramadan . Reports today you speak of the Syrian troops but bouncing flute therein harm but a protester gave this account of the latest ", "action has been much more elusive. The Syrian government continued to anywhere Ramadan provides a greater opportunity -- people together and challenge the ratio. In this climate the -- of performance that's most visible unmistakable ", "with her family from a dinner commemorating the holy month of  Ramadan  she was nice person. She never had solved any problems that and we're just visiting her family here in Bloomington for  Ramadan . I lived in for like about thirty years now. And never have ", 'walking with her family from a dinner commemorating the holy month of Ramadan she was nice person. She never had solved any problems that anyone her husband -- she pervades told investigators that three men ', "in Boston and we're just visiting her family here in Bloomington for Ramadan . I lived in -- for like about thirty years now. And never have I heard of a tragedy like this and especially ", 'anniversary of their arrest He was thought to be a good moment. So was the Muslim tradition of pardoning prisoners the holy month of  Ramadan  which starts next week that Sarah told ABC news this week we have very high hopes this gives us hope that the trial will be ', 'was the Muslim tradition of pardoning prisoners -- the holy month of Ramadan which starts next week that Sarah told ABC news this week we have very high hopes this gives us hope that the ', 'sought to random streams. Activists support more than 200 people have been killed since Sunday. The Syrian forces launched a  Ramadan  crackdown in Hamas the hearts of the uprising. Syrian president Bashar is fighting for survival. He ignores worldwide condemnation ', '200 people have been killed since Sunday. The Syrian forces launched a Ramadan crackdown in Hamas the hearts of the uprising. Syrian president Bashar -- is fighting for survival. He ignores worldwide condemnation. Including now ', 'American war Weinstein. persuaded guards to opening gate by saying they wanted to give them food and active sharing common during  Ramadan . Weinstein was snatched from his bedroom and thrown into a waiting car no group has claimed responsibility. If terrorist ', 'saying they wanted to give them food and active sharing common during Ramadan . Weinstein was snatched from his bedroom and thrown into a waiting car no group has claimed responsibility. If terrorist organizations. Extremists. Can ', "new faces come in the lawsuit also states one owner described Muslims waiting to break the fast during the holy observance of  Ramadan  is quote. Dogs waiting for their meal it's it's shocking actually. Then in the stage were still going through this fighting ", "described Muslims waiting to break the fast during the holy observance of Ramadan is quote. Dogs waiting for their meal it's it's shocking actually. Then in the stage were still going through this -- fighting ", 'his personal intervention. Wanting to show mercy on a woman also is a gift for the end of  Ramadan  which ended last week the Muslim holy month. Of  Ramadan . So he may want to be seen as a benevolent dictator in effect to show his power and remember ', 'mercy on a woman also is a gift for the end of Ramadan which ended last week the Muslim holy month. Of Ramadan . So he may want to be seen as a benevolent dictator in effect to show his power and remember he would still ', 'put American lives in danger. Ronnie and officials are calling the release of an American prisoner act of clemency tied to  Ramadan . Sarah short is set to be released tomorrow after more than a year and a and jail she was arrested along with two other hikers ', 'calling the release of an American prisoner act of clemency tied to Ramadan . Sarah short is set to be released tomorrow after more than a year and a -- and jail she was arrested along ', "from Iran. Saying that they would like to come in and potentially start negotiations on the nuclear issue. Will come forth  Ramadan  which is meant and they say they haven't had any direct. Direct approach from the Iran regarding this. And done. You know ", "and potentially start negotiations on the nuclear issue. Will come forth -- Ramadan which is meant and -- they say they haven't had any direct. Direct approach from the Iran regarding this. And done. You ", "difficult ones discussed earlier the United States' approach has been pretty hands off but if the government doesn't form after  Ramadan . I think there's going to be big argument over whether the United States is gonna need to use a lot more leverage in this ", "has been pretty hands off but if the government doesn't form after Ramadan . I think there's going to be big argument over whether -- the United States is gonna need to use a lot more ", "But it's not enough and it's not yeah. We see nothing. And says. What are we going to eat during the holy month of  Ramadan . Many roads and bridges are impossible waves and of being swallowed up by the monsoon rains. One way is to make these food ", 'says. What are we going to eat during the holy month of Ramadan . Many roads and bridges are impossible -- waves and -- of being swallowed up by the monsoon rains. One way is to ', "food fast enough. There's already a food shortage causing prices of basic items to quadruple. Today is the first day of  Ramadan  when Muslims fast during the daylight. But is one survivor put it we don't have to fast already dying of hunger. different ", "prices of basic items to quadruple. Today is the first day of Ramadan when Muslims fast during the daylight. But is one survivor put it we don't have to fast -- already dying of hunger. "]