['The rapper and reality TV star named their newborn North West, according to reports.', 'What are the foremost female actions stars of her generation were talking about  Jennifer Garner  of course. She round house kicked her way to and really into our hearts as Sydney on alias. Now she is a bona fide movie star ', 'the foremost -- female actions stars of her generation were talking about Jennifer Garner of course. She round house kicked her way to -- and really into our hearts as Sydney on alias. -- -- -- ', "Jennifer garner  is an actress, a producer, a golden globe winner and supermom. That's has a little magic on her side. Welcome to the lovely and talented  jennifer garner . Thank you for having me. You play cindy green. She is a woman who ", 'Jennifer garner is an actress, a producer, a golden globe winner and supermom. That\'s a fair title to add. But as cindy green, in "the odd life of timothy green," she has a little magic on her side. Welcome to the lovely and talented jennifer garner . Thank you for having me. You play cindy green. She is a woman who is having a tough time having a baby. ', "he's in a sweet spot in his life. And a large part of that is he seems to be very happily married to the beautiful  jennifer garner . It was going on before. I hope it's happy. I'm just a little skeptical. And a little jaded about hollywood ", "that is he seems to be very happily married to the beautiful jennifer garner . It was going on before. I hope it's happy. I'm just a little skeptical. And a little jaded about hollywood. But we'll ", "of attention you'll Robert Ben Affleck winning best picture at the Oscars during his speech he said it was like  Jennifer Garner  the audience. I want to thank you for working our marriage its work. He took a lot of people this weekend while ", 'picture at the Oscars during his speech he said it was like Jennifer Garner the audience. I want to thank you for working our marriage its work. He took a lot of people this weekend while ', 'necklace and added an emerald and diamond bracelets of the Oscars for a look worth one point 35 million dollars.  Jennifer Garner  was dripping in diamonds this year and necklace earrings and bracelet worth 2.5 Here had big time security protects ', 'of the Oscars for a look worth one point 35 million dollars. Jennifer Garner was dripping in diamonds this year and necklace earrings and bracelet worth 2.5 -- Here -- had big time security protects not ', 'and necklace and added an emerald and diamond bracelet to the Oscars for a look worth one point 35 million dollars.  Jennifer Garner  was dripping in diamonds this year and necklace earrings and bracelet worth 2.5 Here had big time security protects ', 'to the Oscars for a look worth one point 35 million dollars. Jennifer Garner was dripping in diamonds this year and necklace earrings and bracelet worth 2.5 -- Here -- had big time security protects not ', "stars Jessica beyond this month's vogue cover girl. Who is also sharing the cover of the latest Marie costar.  Jennifer Garner . Would you Jamie fox too to watch out for YouTube that you guys are really CF facts. Simply thank. Her friend yet ", 'also sharing the cover of the latest Marie -- -- -- costar. Jennifer Garner . Would you -- -- Jamie fox too -- to watch out for YouTube that you guys are really CF facts. -- -- ', "jiggles or bounces? I'm just being observant. Also, in pop news ben affleck may have to bring back the beard.  Jennifer garner  got sentimental about the hair at the newt tree jean florida summit looking at pictures from last month's oscars ", "in pop news ben affleck may have to bring back the beard. Jennifer garner got sentimental about the hair at the newt tree jean florida summit looking at pictures from last month's oscars -- I'm sorry, ", 'is so real the LAPD created a unit to handle stalkers making threats. Against stars like Britney Spears Paula and  Jennifer Garner . Moyer got his start working security at the Playboy Mansion. At twelve years ago he founded the world protection ', 'handle stalkers making threats. Against stars like Britney Spears Paula -- and Jennifer Garner . Moyer got his start working security at the Playboy Mansion. At twelve years ago he founded the world protection group -- looking ', 'client. The danger is so real the LAPD created unit to handle stalkers making threats. stars like Britney Spears and  Jennifer Garner . Moyer got his start working security at the Playboy Mansion. At twelve years ago he founded the world protection ', 'stalkers making threats. -- -- stars like Britney Spears -- -- and Jennifer Garner . Moyer got his start working security at the Playboy Mansion. At twelve years ago he founded the world protection group -- looking ', "don't know how John Young out there. That's the yeah Gaza baton. While Jennifer gardeners. New power couple  Jennifer Garner  addressed. I don't with purple ruffles and turned purple ruffles yeah. It was yeah that was it for and then we ", "yeah Gaza -- baton. While -- -- Jennifer gardeners. New power couple Jennifer Garner addressed. I don't with -- purple ruffles and turned purple ruffles -- yeah. It was yeah that was it for -- and ", 'Yes. Top that. "Pop news" and  jennifer garner  held down the fort while ben affleck made "argo" so he could focus on directing what would become the best picture at this year\'s ', 'Yes. Top that. "Pop news" and jennifer garner held down the fort while ben affleck made "argo" so he could focus on directing what would become the best picture at ', "you what are you going remember about tonight. I think it is -- that. Had you met him before? No! Hey. I know  jennifer garner . She's really nice. Hi, yeah. This is my life now, hey, jen, how are you. Reporter: But jack wasn't the ", "is -- that. Had you met him before? No! Hey. I know jennifer garner . She's really nice. Hi, yeah. This is my life now, hey, jen, how are you. Reporter: But jack wasn't the only big ", 'without the shrimp cocktail by car you know we can say with the The R&D center I think last night was definitely  Jennifer Garner  yet. Jessica tax And I think Reese Witherspoon looked amazing and what we saw last night with returned to you and ', 'The R&D center I think -- -- -- last night was definitely Jennifer Garner yet. Jessica tax -- And I think Reese Witherspoon looked amazing and what we saw last night with -- returned to you ', "by that. In at the Bradley Cooper way back machine to 2002. Did he'll find his first Hollywood roles alongside  Jennifer Garner  as Sydney in classes an actress human. That's been real tip and will available so over it not winning was on there ", "back machine to 2002. Did he'll find his first Hollywood roles alongside Jennifer Garner as Sydney in -- classes -- an actress human. That's been real tip and will -- available so over it not winning ", "friends. Mostly family and friends. No 'n sync reunion. The cast of every film was not there. Rumored people like  jennifer garner  was not there. This was family and friends only. Kate coin, thank you so much. We appreciate it.", 'reunion. The cast of every film was not there. Rumored people like jennifer garner was not there. This was family and friends only. Kate coin, thank you so much. We appreciate it. ', 'Good morning, everybody. Let\'s do some "pop news." We begin in hold, with  jennifer garner . Boy, she may not be in her husband\'s new film, "argo," but boy, did she look the part of leading lady on the red carpet ', 'morning, everybody. Let\'s do some "pop news." We begin in hold, with jennifer garner . Boy, she may not be in her husband\'s new film, "argo," but boy, did she look the part of leading lady on ']