['gold band right under her nontraditional engagement ring yesterday while she was out in Los Angeles. See Halle Berry In Her  Wedding Gown  Berry, 46, and her French actor husband, 47, said "I do" in France\'s Burgundy region on July 13 , surrounded by close ', 'simply told him to make sure he brought nice pants and a shirt. With the help of donations from stores, she put on a white  wedding dress , met her father at a park and had the traditional dance - to "Cinderella" by Steven Curtis Chapman - this past Saturday ', 'The actress also made another Oscars-"Hunger Games" connection: Her favorite costume from the new film is a voluminous  wedding dress  with a skirt five feet in diameter. "I\'m not good at walking in giant dresses, as we know," she said, referring to ', 'Royal Memorabilia Collector Makes Room for Royal Baby Among 10,000-Piece Collection', 'featured on the British flag. A life-sized cardboard cutout of Princess Diana, a china doll of Kate Middleton in her  wedding dress , numerous portraits of Queen Elizabeth II, countless china plates and mugs, and multiple busts of the royals are just ', "cream frosting before covering her in a white chocolate fondant. Instead of recreating Kate's iconic Alexander McQueen  wedding dress , she designed a dove gray satin colored gown with lace accents and silver metallic sparkle she hand-painted for the duchess ", "cream frosting before covering her in a white chocolate fondant. Instead of recreating Kate's iconic Alexander McQueen  wedding dress , she designed a dove gray satin colored gown with lace accents and silver metallic sparkle she hand-painted for the duchess ", 'Natasha Samuel, a newlywed in Israel, purposely lit her  wedding gown  on fire for a post-nuptial photo shoot, and then ran into doing things that are risky just to get the shot in your  wedding dress ," Fernandez explained.', 'she didn\'t think about her engagement pictures or the fact that her hair and makeup were photo-ready. "If I was in my  wedding dress , I would have been in the water just the same," Salmon said. "You don\'t think. It\'s an EMS thing. Once you\'ve ', "takes 70 hours of labor and is made by the Royal School of Needlework, the same people that worked on Kate Middleton's  wedding dress . Only 60 of the beds will be made, a nod the 60th anniversary of the queen's coronation. And who, exactly, is buying ", "and Theroux, 41, got engaged last August in New York City, but the actress said in April that she hadn't picked out a  wedding dress  yet . To see Jennifer Aniston's best looks through the years, click here However, now her focus certainly seems to be ", 'actually reworn one gown, a black dress, for her own "big day," a fundraiser. Tips and Tricks to Save Money on Your Dream  Wedding Gown  With the wear-it-once-and-you\'re-done mentality for bridesmaid dresses in the public spotlight, some brides ', 'you with your  wedding gown  after the wedding hold on to their  wedding dresses  for the sentimental would wear the  wedding dress . But in some decide. Posted my  wedding dress  after the $25 sell your old  wedding gown , go to go', "theridal blowout. A question all bridesface. What should do you with your wedding gown after the wedding? Apparently all men thought you should save it but us girls thinking about what else we can buy. It's about selling it, right? Exactly. Used to be that women would hold on to their wedding dresses for the sentimental value of it or in the hopes that they would have a daughter that she would wear the wedding dress . But in some cases, there we are, that was me in my wedding dress . In some cases the tradition remains but for the rest of us there is preown preownedweddingdresses.Com. A lot goes into the buying the perfect weddinging dress. I tried it on national television. Now the wedding is over I have nowhere else to wear it. People realize their dress is valuable. Reporter: After she got married in 2004, josie had a tough time selling her wedding dress , which is why scleeted this website. Preownedresses.Com. Think of it as ebay exclusive for wedding gowns. We connect a buyer and seller, once that connection is made, they decide. Posted my wedding dress after the $25 one-time tee. My bouquet, the flowers, there is a sentimental value but dress is first to gof hi needed ", "morning to you. Ravishing in red. Elizabeth taylor's first  wedding dress  is being auctioned off today. It was the gown she wore dress was the star of the day. There would be seven other  wedding dresses  in taylor's lifetime. But this one, this one, they ", 'morning, amy. Good morning to you. Ravishing in red. Elizabeth taylor\'s first wedding dress is being auctioned off today. It was the gown she wore to marry conrad hilton jr. A wedding attended by fred astaire, ginger , and 700 other members of hollywood royalty. The dress was the star of the day. There would be seven other wedding dresses in taylor\'s lifetime. But this one, this one, they say is the biggie. She wore it in the movie "father of the ', 'new things that people come up with. But I just hope that it doesn\'t spark a trend in doing things that are risky, just to get the shot in your  wedding dress . Reporter: For "good morning america," amy robach, abc news, new york.', 'doing things that are risky, just to get the shot in your wedding dress . Reporter: For "good morning america," amy robach, abc news, new york. ', "the catholic ceremony. Reporter: This woman needed four  wedding dresses  for three, different wedding ceremonies at three different california. And one in new jersey. We're doing three  wedding dresses ? We are. Reporter: With a dress budget of $15,000 ", 'that I wore to the catholic ceremony. Reporter: This woman needed four wedding dresses for three, different wedding ceremonies at three different venues. Two in california. And one in new jersey. We\'re doing three wedding dresses ? We are. Reporter: With a dress budget of $15,000, she said yes to three of the four dresses on tlc\'s show "say ', "some idea of what our wedding day we'll look And what the  wedding dress  will look like for ice down this down was no one but she Packaging also revealed something serious this important code our  wedding gown  is polyester. But some web site still. Big difference we're ", "idea of what our wedding day we'll look -- And what the wedding dress will look like for ice down this -- down was no one but she didn't feel she could afford the thirteen hundred ", "guarantee is that you're gonna look fabulous wedding and your  wedding dress  and that is priceless an arrogant that I've actually never disciplined and we'll finally hit another barbies perfect  wedding dress . Check out exclusive tips and hash tag ABC the look out ", "The guarantee is that you're gonna look fabulous wedding -- and your wedding dress and that is priceless an arrogant that I've actually never -- Well remediation. -- has that burger before class. But I can't ", "we'll ever stay disciplined and we'll -- finally hit another barbies perfect wedding dress . -- -- -- -- -- -- -- Check out -- exclusive tips and hash tag ABC the look out. -- -- With ", "believe it or not it will be a waterfront ceremony Becky says she is. Fully prepared to come to the rescue again even in her  wedding dress  guys the hope everybody can stay on dry land for that day brought the child's mother was there right yet the boy's mother ", "is. Fully prepared to come to the rescue again even in her wedding dress -- guys the hope everybody can stay on dry land for that day brought the child's mother was there right yet the "]