["Broderick, Alan Ruck, Mia Sara, Jeffrey Jones and  Jennifer Grey  stole your hearts and made you laugh, but 26 years offender status, once in 2004 and once in 2010.  Jennifer Grey Jennifer Grey  played Ferris Bueller's sarcastic older sister ", 'Sheen made his film debut in 1984 when he starred in the Cold War drama, "Red Dawn," alongside Patrick Swayze and  Jennifer Grey . Over the years, the actor has starred in other popular films including, "Ferris Bueller\'s Day Off," "Platoon ', 'After being outfitted for a neck brace, she returned to the show. She and Hines went on to win the 12th season.  Jennifer Grey  Grey scored the coveted mirror ball trophy in season 11, but it came at a cost. Shortly after winning, she underwent ', 'alongside celebrities David Hasselhoff, Mike "The Situation" Sorrentino from "Jersey Shore," Florence Henderson and  Jennifer Grey . She placed third in the competition\'s 11th season. Palin\'s memoir, "Not Afraid of Life: My Journey So Far ', 'Jennifer Grey , one of the original stars of "Dirty Dancing" , has given her seal of approval on the proposed remake of the 1987 cult classic ', "following Monday's announcement by Lionsgate Studios that they have green-lighted the remake. The Patrick Swayze -  Jennifer Grey  musical romance was hugely popular when it was released and became one of the most profitable films of all time, grossing ", "Kyle Massey's family was just about to move back to Georgia when he finally got work on That's So Raven, about  Jennifer Grey 's automobile accident, and about Florence Henderson's grief over her husband's death. Though the segments were ", 'from most to least likely to be true. 5. I Slept With  Jennifer Grey . At his first Toronto show, Sheen told the audience celebrity he ever "banged" was "Dirty Dancing" star  Jennifer Grey  . While it may be hard to picture them in the presence ', 'Bristol Palin bought a five-bedroom house in a development called Cobblestone Farms, in Maricopa, Ariz., a suburb of Pinal County. The 20-year-old daughter of former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin bought the house for $172,000 from a North Dakota couple, according to The Arizona Republic . Public records', "Dancing With the Stars champ  Jennifer Grey  is headed from the dance floor to the operating room because of a ruptured disc in her lower back. Dr. Robert Bray, Grey's ", 'It was a long, painful road to the "Dancing With the Stars" Mirror Ball trophy for actress  Jennifer Grey  . The night before her final dance with partner Derek Hough, Grey was hospitalized after rupturing a disc in her back. "I did ', "Jennifer Grey  has been the front runner since the first episode of this season's Dancing With The Stars. There she is with her fabulous partner ", "Jennifer Grey has been the front runner since the first episode of this season's Dancing With The Stars. There she is with her fabulous ", 'Dancing With The Stars your weekly update here Jennifer Greeley had the best week for her to her stand on that show. surveillance a perfect score of thirty the first perfect score of the entire season. Have a more memorable parts came she was doing her dance here and intelligent that this amazing']