["Jennifer Grey  has been the front runner since the first episode of this season's Dancing With The Stars. There she is with her fabulous partner ", "Jennifer Grey has been the front runner since the first episode of this season's Dancing With The Stars. There she is with her fabulous ", 'Dancing With The Stars your weekly update here Jennifer Greeley had the best week for her to her stand on that show. surveillance a perfect score of thirty the first perfect score of the entire season. Have a more memorable parts came she was doing her dance here and intelligent that this amazing', 'Erica Souter reports on newsmakers Courtney Cox,  Jennifer Grey  and Rachel Zoe.', 'Jennifer Grey , Kyle Massey and Bristol Palin compete for the mirror ball trophy.', "be kyle massey, runner-up to  jennifer grey  a couple seasons back? He's handed. Coming in second, after  jennifer grey 's routine put him in the corner run last time around. Second to  jennifer grey . She knew how to dance. You ", 'stars" kicks off september 24th? Will it be kyle massey, runner-up to jennifer grey a couple seasons back? He\'s here to let us in on his strategy. First, here\'s what he\'s been doing to win that ', "Reporter: But left the dance floor empty handed. Coming in second, after jennifer grey's routine put him in the corner. Now, kyle is trying one more time to make that mirrorball his own. But he needs ", 'people. You had such a great run last time around. Second to jennifer grey . She knew how to dance. You showed you knew how to dance, as well. All that permsonality. Going back this time, what ', 'really was a movie that gave us the time of our lives and  Jennifer Grey . Davis new kind of star so Smart and captivating and actually sick from food poisoning. Her and she might throw  Jennifer Grey  who now lives in California says her eleven year old ', 'was a movie that gave us the time of our lives and Jennifer Grey . Davis -- new kind of star so Smart and captivating and entirely original. It was 25 years ago this week that dirty ', '-- actually sick from food poisoning. Her and she might throw -- Jennifer Grey who now lives in California says her eleven year old daughter watched the movie for the first time this year. And Buddhist ', "describe as affordably. Fabulous. And finally. Remembered nobody puts baby in a corner big he's back. No won't see  Jennifer Grey  in the most famous the 1987. I think dirty dancing is being able. By High School Musical okay got. Up along the ", "nobody puts baby in a corner big he's back. No won't see Jennifer Grey -- -- in the most famous -- the 1987. I think dirty dancing is being able. By High School Musical -- okay ", "the same stuff I'm doing now. Nothing has changed. I dress marginally better. Just before that scene, you hand  jennifer grey  something on stage. What is it? An anesthetized chicken. Bah boom. There was a chicken wrangler. The guy says ", 'has changed. I dress marginally better. Just before that scene, you hand jennifer grey something on stage. What is it? An anesthetized chicken. Bah boom. There was a chicken wrangler. The guy says, we need to ', "very well those gloves. I had another reference to mom in the so we're thinking of bomb song she could sing but  Jennifer Grey . Literally to find cancer because of dancing. Exam like that. And fortunately says you have to for the treatment ", "-- so we're thinking of -- bomb song she could sing but Jennifer Grey . Literally -- to find -- cancer because of dancing. Exam like that. And fortunately says you have to -- for the treatment ", 'exceedingly topped the leaderboard. She can pull away from. You guys beating out Jennifer Lewis Booth behind the team  Jennifer Grey  and Derek she took a serious tumble down the leaderboard actually and stumble on stage as well but I. It costs we ', 'from. You guys beating out Jennifer Lewis Booth behind the -- team Jennifer Grey and Derek she took a serious tumble down the leaderboard actually and stumble on stage as well but I. It costs we ', 'this season stone. And competitors re interpreting the best dances from seasons Time for the next top honors were  Jennifer Grey  and brandy. By the time the after party red carpet was rolled. Guest judge marine he was feeling the heat. Forgetting ', '-- dances from seasons -- Time for the next top honors were Jennifer Grey and brandy. By the time the after party red carpet was rolled. Guest judge -- marine he was feeling the heat. Forgetting ', 'tonight and and it the big question is whether Jon Karl will make a bold prediction on this I am predicting that that  Jennifer Grey  will win in the Dancing With The Stars finale Jon Karl. Do you accept the challenge we another direction. Rick got ', 'will make a bold prediction on this I am predicting that that Jennifer Grey will win in the Dancing With The Stars finale Jon Karl. Do you accept the challenge we -- another direction. Rick got ', 'Phoenix. Was kicking off. Sarah Phillips signing books here for several several hours now Bristol came in third behind  Jennifer Grey . From dirty dancing. In a short time ago I had a chance to ask Sarah If she was disappointed by the Dancing With ', 'books here for several several hours now Bristol came in third behind Jennifer Grey . From dirty dancing. In a short time ago I had a chance to ask Sarah -- If she was disappointed by the ']