['Getty Images  Jennifer Lawrence  lost her cool when running into Jeff Bridges at Comic-Con this past weekend. The Oscar-winning actress, there to promote ', "in the San Diego Convention Center's largest hall. Ian McKellan, Patrick Stewart, Halle Berry, Anna Paquin,  Jennifer Lawrence , Michael Fassbender, James McEvoy, Ellen Page, Peter Dinklage, Hugh Jackman and others made for an impressive ", 'with the trailer for "The Hunger Games: Catching Fire."  Jennifer Lawrence , Josh Hutcherson, Liam Hemsworth and Lenny Kravitz were Silver Linings Playbook" and was previously nominated for " Winter \' s Bone ," said that the Hunger Games Victory Tour is not unlike ', 'Catching Fire" was released over the weekend and shows  Jennifer Lawrence  back as Katniss Everdeen and back in the 75th annual alongside Peeta, played by Josh Hutcherson. Read  Jennifer Lawrence \'s Advice on Shying Away From Sex Tapes "Last year ', "in the San Diego Convention Center's largest hall. Ian McKellan, Patrick Stewart, Halle Berry, Anna Paquin,  Jennifer Lawrence , Michael Fassbender, James McEvoy, Ellen Page, Peter Dinklage and Hugh Jackman made for an impressive panel ", 'Hunger Games" is making its Comic-Con debut, along with the trailer for "The Hunger Games: Catching Fire."  Jennifer Lawrence , Josh Hutcherson, Liam Hemsworth and Lenny Kravitz were among the film\'s stars who watched the trailer for the ', 'make it in Hollywood, it\'s  Jennifer Lawrence . (After all, she won an Oscar Watch an Adorable Moment Between  Jennifer Lawrence  and Jack Nicholson "I have movie opens." Photo: See  Jennifer Lawrence  In Her \'X-Men\' Make-Up ', 'in the catalogs, long before they were famous.  Jennifer Lawrence , Channing Tatum, Ashton Kutcher, January Jones back-to-school campaign. Will any be the breakout stars like  Jennifer Lawrence  and Taylor Swift? Weigh in the comments. Abercrombie ', 'Glamour Magazine that will hit the stands June 21, she reveals that she\'s also close with recent Oscar winner  Jennifer Lawrence . "She\'s awesome," Collins said in an interview with Glamour magazine, on stands June 21. "I loved how she ', 'as well as work with the Upright Citizens Brigade Theatre in New York. WATCH: Riggle Didn\'t Mean to Ogle  Jennifer Lawrence  He also had parts in movies like "The Hangover," "Step Brothers" and "21 Jump Street," all of which he managed ', 'X-Men: Days of Future Past" is already in production and now, director Bryan Singer is giving a sneak peek of what  Jennifer Lawrence  will look like in the 2014 blockbuster. Reprising her "X-Men: First Class" role, the Oscar-winner will star ', 'everyone to tweet Selena Gomez facts? LMGTFY. There you go. Now get off Twitter, please. ...and who uses a  Jennifer Lawrence  profile picture. Oh really? Tell me more. Really. Tell me how bad you are at makeup. Get your life together ', '(Photo Credit: Dave M. Benett/Getty Images)  Jennifer Lawrence  and Nicholas Hoult broke up shortly before she won the Oscar for "Silver Linings Playbook," but now they\'re hanging out again ', 'the girl? Reporter:  Jennifer lawrence  is definitely the girl.  Jennifer lawrence , "silver linings playbook oscar nominee for " winter \' s bone ." And she exploded linings playbook,"  jennifer lawrence  appears unstoppable ', 'our countdown to oscar sunday. And it\'s on, with a look at jennifer lawrence . 22 years young. She just scored a golden globe for her performance in "silver linings playbook." And the oscar star could strike gold next. You wrote about me? I\'m the girl? Reporter: Jennifer lawrence is definitely the girl. Jennifer lawrence , "silver linings playbook." Reporte HER GOLDEN GLOBES Speech got everyone talking, when she gloated about beating meryl streep. But she wasn\'t insulting ', 'the "x-men" franchise. Now, with a second nomination for "silver linings playbook," jennifer lawrence appears unstoppable. She\'s a rare actor that can do comedy, romance and action. There\'s not too many actors who can do that. ', "means so much to you and tell you how to do it in just a moment. While you think about it take a look at this.  Jennifer lawrence  winning the oscar. LeBRON JAMES CLINCHING HIS FIRST Title. Will and kate's royal walk down the aisle. Snapshots ", "a moment. While you think about it take a look at this. Jennifer lawrence winning the oscar. LeBRON JAMES CLINCHING HIS FIRST Title. Will and kate's royal walk down the aisle. Snapshots in time of the ", 'love seeing you walking her down the aisle. You were like a proud big brother. I do want to say very quickly, I was really worried. She had seven stairs and showed up in a floor-length gown. I was like, no  jennifer lawrence  moments.', 'stairs and showed up in a floor-length gown. I was like, no jennifer lawrence moments. ', "the girl on fire  Jennifer Lawrence  this year's it bigger star than  Jennifer Lawrence  after this weekend for her role in  winter ' s bone  the 21 year old the part of asks  Jennifer Lawrence  exudes this sort ", "of us. Hottest films of the year were so excited that -- Jennifer Lawrence here. Where does she is that parents fighting for -- a lot of talk to Jennifer -- -- -- what's the pay ninety. You can Arianna -- somebody's -- -- -- The hunger games. -- -- -- -- She is literally the girl on fire Jennifer Lawrence this year's it girl. Both on the big screen of. -- -- -- -- By storm. At hunger games premieres in -- -- -- at Los Angeles. -- probably is not going to be a bigger star than Jennifer Lawrence after this weekend she is poised for international stardom since movies for how hurt -- household. Nominated for Oscar last year for her role in winter's bone the 21 year old Kentucky native is catapulting to superstar. Play that sixteen year old cat has ever seen in the first installment on the hotly anticipated -- the hunger games. I think every young star in -- was probably trying to get the part of -- asks Jennifer Lawrence exudes this sort of this inner toughness while still being super pretty and super label of Take Two young girls. Currently on ", "fans Christian download lots of the movie's stars. to be but this Second Amendment. and  Jennifer Lawrence  nominated for an Oscar  winter ' s bone  consumers along with Josh conjures an and friends. Since this means is you're right yeah ", "stars. -- to be but this Second Amendment. -- -- -- and Jennifer Lawrence nominated for an Oscar winter's bone consumers along with Josh conjures an -- and friends. Since this means is you're right yeah. ", "Actress  jennifer lawrence  has an oscar a string of hit movies documents the alleged stalker found  jennifer lawrence 's brother's information on a the family in person. In movies  jennifer lawrence  is used to fending off attacks in ", 'Actress jennifer lawrence has an oscar a string of hit movies. She has become enormously popular. Now, she\'s dealing with the downside of fame. A alleged stalker is under arrest this morning accused of harassing both her and her family, going to extremes to try to pleat the star. We have this story from los angeles. Reporter: Good morning. According to court documents the alleged stalker found jennifer lawrence\'s brother\'s information on a website for the family summer camp for kids. After repeated calls, e-mails, text messages went unanswered that\'s when the fan allegedly became more aggressive trying to meet the family in person. In movies jennifer lawrence is used to fending off attacks in hunger games and occasionally getting shot down by bradley cooper in "silver linings playbook." Now ', "Chest actors ready for this Annette Bening in the kids are all right Nicole Kidman in rabbit hole  Jennifer Lawrence  very young girl  winter ' s bone . Natalie Portman in Black Swan and Michelle Williams in blue Valentine. is another. Two way ", "Bening in the kids are all right Nicole Kidman in rabbit hole Jennifer Lawrence very young girl -- winter's bone. Natalie Portman in Black Swan and Michelle Williams in blue Valentine. -- is another. Two way "]