['Vice President Joe Biden, left, President Barack Obama, and Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, second from right, watch the mission to capture Osama bin Laden from the Situation Room in the White House on May 1, 2011. Click through to see reactions from around the world following the death of the al Qaeda leader.', "President Obama edits his remarks in the Oval Office prior to making a televised statement announcing bin Laden's death.", 'Servicemen cheer from a lamp post as thousands of people gather at Ground Zero in New York City.', "Crowds celebrate with NYPD officers in New York's Times Square early on May 2, 2011, after the death of Osama bin Laden.", "U.S. Marines watch the announcement of bin Laden's death at Camp Dwyer in Helmand Province, Afghanistan.", 'Danielle LeMack, left, Carie LeMack and Christie Coombs, who lost relatives on 9/11, pause during a ceremony to honor the victims on May 2, 2011, at the Garden of Remembrance in Boston.', 'A visitor photographs the fence overlooking the crash site of Flight 93 in Shanksville, Pennsylvania, on May 2, 2011.', 'Pakistani media and residents gather outside the bin Laden hideout on May 3, 2011.', 'Relive the night the news broke and get caught up on the most recent developments', "(CNN) -- Two years later, the story of Osama bin Laden's death remains a high-interest topic.", "Here are some of the key stories we've published since the world's most-wanted terrorist was killed, from the first breaking news story to the latest disputes over what happened that day.", "President Obama announced bin Laden's death shortly before midnight ET on May 1, 2011, more than an hour after the Internet and social media began exploding with reports of his demise.", "You can see here how the news unfolded on our live blog, including video of Obama's historic announcement and jubilant celebrations across the United States. The main story that followed, which announced the end of the decade-long manhunt, had more than 21,000 comments and nearly 130,000 Facebook recommendations.", 'The news also set what was then a Twitter record as people posted an average of 3,400 messages per second.', 'In the days and weeks following the raid, more details would be released about how it all went down. How did the U.S. know bin Laden was there? Who took part in the mission, and who knew about it? Why was bin Laden killed instead of taken prisoner? Over time, some of the details initially put out by the White House were clarified or changed. Some are still disputed today.', 'There was a full-throated debate about whether to release grisly photos of bin Laden\'s body to the public. But in the end, Obama, not wanting to incite further violence, chose to keep the photos classified. "We don\'t need to spike the football," he told CBS News.', 'The killing also created tension that needed to be smoothed over with Pakistan, which was outraged that the United States chose to carry out the bin Laden mission there without first informing its leaders.', "And then there was the downed helicopter U.S. officials hoped to retrieve from bin Laden's compound because of security concerns over the stealth technology of its unusual tail assembly.", 'A few days after the raid, U.S. officials unveiled videos of bin Laden that were recovered in the raid. You can watch all of them here. Perhaps the most well-known video of this stash shows a hunched-over bin Laden, draped in a blanket, using a remote control to watch television.', 'Also taken in the raid were documents, disks, thumb drives, computers and other intelligence that would be pored over for evidence of further terrorist plots.', 'After bin Laden\'s death, much praise was heaped on the elite Navy SEALs who carried out the raid: the anonymous "quiet professionals" who live by a code to keep their sensitive missions secret.', 'But one former member of the team, Matt Bissonnette, detailed the mission in his 2012 best-seller "No Easy Day." The book started a debate about honor, ethics and cultural values in the military; the Pentagon said Bissonnette included classified material in the book and didn\'t follow protocol for pre-publication review.', "This year, Esquire magazine published a profile on a Navy SEAL who said he was the one who shot bin Laden. His account contradicted some of the details in Bissonnette's book.", 'Another SEAL, however, told Peter Bergen, CNN\'s national security analyst, that the Esquire story is "complete BS."', 'Reflecting on the two-year anniversary of bin Laden\'s death, Bergen said the U.S. forces may have killed the man, but they did not kill his ideology. Al Qaeda has now morphed into a "loose jihadist ideological movement" that spawned the Boston marathon bombing, Bergen said, and it is this "Binladenism" that is still very much a threat to Americans.', "See minute-by-minute updates as the news and details of Osama bin Laden's death in May 2011 was revealed.", 'A nearly decade-long manhunt for the mastermind of the worst terrorist attacks on U.S. soil ended as U.S. commandos killed Osama bin Laden in a pre-dawn firefight.', '"Tonight I can report to the American people and to the world that the United States has conducted an operation that has killed Osama bin Laden." ', "In the dark of night, U.S. helicopters approached a high-walled compound in Pakistan on a mission to capture or kill one of the world's most notorious terrorist leaders.", "Seal Team Six are a highly classified band of anonymous operatives who can travel to a mission on a moment's notice from wherever they are based. ", "Keenly conscious of his image, a graying Osama bin Laden no doubt never expected these videos to hit the world's airwaves.", 'Bin Laden had apparently been living for months in a city that had made its name as a military garrison.', 'A look back at some key moments in the life of bin Laden, including attacks that he was purportedly behind and messages attributed to him.', 'Osama bin Laden used his fortune estimated in the hundreds of millions of dollars to help finance al Qaeda.', 'Amal al-Sadah was "a quiet, polite, easygoing and confident teenager" who came from a big, conservative family in Yemen.']