["morning to you. Ravishing in red. Elizabeth taylor's first  wedding dress  is being auctioned off today. It was the gown she wore dress was the star of the day. There would be seven other  wedding dresses  in taylor's lifetime. But this one, this one, they ", 'morning, amy. Good morning to you. Ravishing in red. Elizabeth taylor\'s first wedding dress is being auctioned off today. It was the gown she wore to marry conrad hilton jr. A wedding attended by fred astaire, ginger , and 700 other members of hollywood royalty. The dress was the star of the day. There would be seven other wedding dresses in taylor\'s lifetime. But this one, this one, they say is the biggie. She wore it in the movie "father of the ', 'new things that people come up with. But I just hope that it doesn\'t spark a trend in doing things that are risky, just to get the shot in your  wedding dress . Reporter: For "good morning america," amy robach, abc news, new york.', 'doing things that are risky, just to get the shot in your wedding dress . Reporter: For "good morning america," amy robach, abc news, new york. ', "the catholic ceremony. Reporter: This woman needed four  wedding dresses  for three, different wedding ceremonies at three different california. And one in new jersey. We're doing three  wedding dresses ? We are. Reporter: With a dress budget of $15,000 ", 'that I wore to the catholic ceremony. Reporter: This woman needed four wedding dresses for three, different wedding ceremonies at three different venues. Two in california. And one in new jersey. We\'re doing three wedding dresses ? We are. Reporter: With a dress budget of $15,000, she said yes to three of the four dresses on tlc\'s show "say ', "some idea of what our wedding day we'll look And what the  wedding dress  will look like for ice down this down was no one but she Packaging also revealed something serious this important code our  wedding gown  is polyester. But some web site still. Big difference we're ", "idea of what our wedding day we'll look -- And what the wedding dress will look like for ice down this -- down was no one but she didn't feel she could afford the thirteen hundred ", "guarantee is that you're gonna look fabulous wedding and your  wedding dress  and that is priceless an arrogant that I've actually never disciplined and we'll finally hit another barbies perfect  wedding dress . Check out exclusive tips and hash tag ABC the look out ", "The guarantee is that you're gonna look fabulous wedding -- and your wedding dress and that is priceless an arrogant that I've actually never -- Well remediation. -- has that burger before class. But I can't ", "we'll ever stay disciplined and we'll -- finally hit another barbies perfect wedding dress . -- -- -- -- -- -- -- Check out -- exclusive tips and hash tag ABC the look out. -- -- With ", "believe it or not it will be a waterfront ceremony Becky says she is. Fully prepared to come to the rescue again even in her  wedding dress  guys the hope everybody can stay on dry land for that day brought the child's mother was there right yet the boy's mother ", "is. Fully prepared to come to the rescue again even in her wedding dress -- guys the hope everybody can stay on dry land for that day brought the child's mother was there right yet the ", "believe it or not it will be a waterfront ceremony Becky says she is. Fully prepared to come to the rescue again even in her  wedding dress  but guys the hope everybody can stay on dry land for that day brought a child's mother was there right yet the boy's ", "is. Fully prepared to come to the rescue again even in her wedding dress but guys the hope everybody can stay on dry land for that day brought a child's mother was there right yet the ", 'bobbing up and down. I knew that he was going under. Becky got the boy out just in time. She says even if she was in her  wedding dress  she would have done the same thing. We should add she just happens to be a lifeguard and paramedic. An american bald eagle ', 'out just in time. She says even if she was in her wedding dress she would have done the same thing. We should add she just happens to be a lifeguard and paramedic. An american bald ', "works, bridalicious bootcamp even has a money back guarantee. The guarantee is you're going to look fabulous in your  wedding dress . That's priceless. Have you ever given money back? I've actually never had to. Five minutes in and I'm dying already ", "back guarantee. The guarantee is you're going to look fabulous in your wedding dress . That's priceless. Have you ever given money back? I've actually never had to. Five minutes in and I'm dying already. Maybe I ", "regiment works right elections that can't even had England that's guarantee guarantee is look back your wedding and your  wedding dress  and that is priceless. Sorry I'm dying out. Well maybe I shouldn't have that before class brewers Doug has been a lot ", "guarantee guarantee is -- look back -- your wedding -- and your wedding dress and that is priceless. Sorry I'm dying out. Well maybe I shouldn't have that -- before class brewers Doug has been a ", "Target is out with  wedding dresses  that are just $99. Abc's bianna golodryga is here with the prices range from 69.99 to $129.99. The average  wedding dress  currently costs around $1200. For that amount of money ", 'for your wallet, the prices range from 69.99 to $129.99. The average wedding dress currently costs around $1200. For that amount of money, brides-to-be could purchase six wedding and eight bridesmaid dresses at target. But costco ', "everything that you know about  wedding dresses  and organics. Rides are rewriting wants her wedding raid on her  wedding dress  to reflect her personal style gonna start designing black  wedding dresses  and they're gonna get the ", 'the -- personal style and she wants her wedding raid on her wedding dress to reflect her personal style. -- -- -- One sleeves to remember those days when it seemed like every one was getting ', "but painted the town red in london. The scoop that the  wedding dress  she was wearing was a royal tribute to princess diana and pull that off. You know? You do always feel beautiful in a  wedding dress . So, why not? So, she's on to something. Thank you ", 'home, but painted the town red in london. The scoop that the wedding dress she was wearing was a royal tribute to princess diana and the dress she wore at her wedding. Our fashion expert at our desk, do you think this is a trend Wearing wedding -inspired fashion out on the town? I think gaga is one of the only people that can pull that off. You know? You do always feel beautiful in a wedding dress . So, why not? So, she\'s on to something. Thank you very much. Also in "pop news," if you\'ve got it, flaunt it. ', 'On saturday, guests were tweeting congratulations. And on sunday, avril was in a white guess that many mistook as her  wedding gown . But what she wore on monday night surprise you. Looks like rocker avril lavigne listened to her own hit and went hard ', 'sunday, avril was in a white guess that many mistook as her wedding gown . But what she wore on monday night surprise you. Looks like rocker avril lavigne listened to her own hit and went hard ', 'the duchess does it herself. Aniston saying she likes loose and natural hair because it goes against the formality of a  wedding gown . And I think that will start another trend. Also in "pop news" today, 26 years of maverick and g stole our hearts in ', 'loose and natural hair because it goes against the formality of a wedding gown . And I think that will start another trend. Also in "pop news" today, 26 years of maverick and g stole our hearts ', "we hadn't quite seen before the queen in case. And that  wedding dress  that became sort of fashion lightning bolt ABC's nick tonight the To preview. Hillary. the breathlessly anticipated.  Wedding dress  that drew a group. Displayed like a relic of on age half ", "tour we hadn't quite seen before the queen in case. And that wedding dress that became sort of fashion lightning bolt ABC's nick -- tonight inside the palace. Today the royal grand -- and the -- To preview. Hillary. -- the breathlessly anticipated. Wedding dress that drew a group. -- -- -- -- -- Displayed like a relic of -- on age half a million sporting fans ", "he was going under before her fiance photographer could make a move. Becky jumped into the creek fully close if I have my  wedding dress  on that that's what I would have been in the water. The man behind the camera when Moore Montgomery County photographer ", "move. Becky jumped into the creek fully close if I have my wedding dress on that -- that's what I would have been in the water. The man behind the camera when Moore Montgomery County photographer ", "again I'm not I can the without any evidence on the US. Why do you need show. Thank you you know I love my wedding at a  wedding dress  is gorgeous variety. Okay. Yeah. Well I never know where I can never where it all You know much it spent on why do I she's ", 'Thank you -- -- you know I love my wedding at a wedding dress is gorgeous variety. Okay. Yeah. Well I never know where I can never -- where it all -- You know much it ', 'mother\'s day. He showed up and proposed in front of my entire family. Reporter: What asliyssa didn\'t have, was finding a  wedding dress  for her 5\'3" frame. I\'m shorter than some girls are. Reporter: We knew who to call, guru randy fenoli. The host ', 'of my entire family. Reporter: What asliyssa didn\'t have, was finding a wedding dress for her 5\'3" frame. I\'m shorter than some girls are. Reporter: We knew who to call, guru randy fenoli. The host of ']