['what Super Bowl rings are to football: proof a player ranks among the game\'s best. Bracelet-winning actress  Jennifer Tilly  is competing for her second bracelet this year. "[The World Series of Poker Main Event is] the grand-daddy of ', 'recent years have included bracelet-winning actress  Jennifer Tilly , actors Jason Alexander, Ray Romano, Brad Garrett money for children in partnership with Cabot Cheese .  Jennifer Tilly , through a representative, tells ABC News she will ', 'Associated Press, Kaplan is among those being sued by the bankruptcy trustee and is being asked to return $62,000.  Jennifer Tilly  On the screen, Tilly excels at playing the bubbleheaded girlfriend. At the poker table, however, she gets to show ', 'The World Series of Poker is like the Olympics for an athlete. It\'s like the Oscars for an actor," said actress  Jennifer Tilly , who won the women\'s championship last year and will be competing again. "American Pie" beauty Shannon Elizabeth ', 'Laak walked away from the exhibition game, winning just $100 (a side bet with Givens) and a hug from girlfriend,  Jennifer Tilly , an actress who won more than $150,000 in a recent World Series of Poker event herself. Laak admitted that it ', 'also made it clear that "no actual Britney Spearses were harmed during the filming." Tilly Gets Her Hands Dirty  Jennifer Tilly , appearing in her second "Chucky" film, clearly doesn\'t mind getting her hands bloody. The 46-year-old ', 'included Oscar-nominated actress  Jennifer Tilly , the lithe blonde Republican could argue, lowlights): *  Jennifer Tilly  asking in her best Betty Boop choosing Bachelorette number 1,  Jennifer Tilly , and seemed genuinely shocked ', 'included Oscar-nominated actress  Jennifer Tilly , the lithe blonde Republican could argue, lowlights): *  Jennifer Tilly  asking in her best Betty Boop choosing Bachelorette number 1,  Jennifer Tilly , and seemed genuinely shocked ', 'included Oscar-nominated actress  Jennifer Tilly , lithe blonde radio talk show could argue, lowlights): * Jennifer Tilly  asking in her best Betty Boop choosing Bachelorette number 1,  Jennifer Tilly , and seemed genuinely shocked ', 'year\'s Best Female Lead, Hilary Swank, and her husband, Chad Lowe, arriving on mountain bikes A gift-bag-laden  Jennifer Tilly  telling her male companion, "We have too many! We have to make a pile!" Requiem for a Dream star Jared Leto with ', 'year\'s Best Female Lead, Hilary Swank, and her husband, Chad Lowe, arriving on mountain bikes A gift-bag-laden  Jennifer Tilly  telling her male companion, "We have too many! We have to make a pile!" Requiem for a Dream star Jared Leto with ', 'year\'s Best Female Lead, Hilary Swank, and her husband, Chad Lowe, arriving on mountain bikes A gift-bag-laden  Jennifer Tilly  telling her male companion, "We have too many! We have to make a pile!" Requiem for a Dream star Jared Leto with ', 'benefit, celebs talked about what else the escalating emphasis on fashion at the Oscars. As a past Oscar nominee,  Jennifer Tilly  recalls the madness leading up to the red carpet walk. "Basically it\'s just an opportunity to get a lot of free ']