['Shot in the head by Taliban in October, Malala hopes to be fully recovered in about a month', 'Doctors Sunday attached a titanium device to her skull and implanted a hearing device', 'London (CNN) -- Malala Yousufzai, the Pakistani teenager who defied Taliban attackers to promote education for girls, says she\'s "feeling all right" after two weekend surgeries.', 'Doctors attached a titanium plate to her skull and implanted a cochlear device to restore hearing to her left ear.', '"I\'m happy that both of the operations are successful," she said Monday from her bed at a Birmingham hospital. "I can walk a little bit and I\'m feeling better."', 'Malala "has no long-lasting brain injuries" after being shot in the head by Taliban gunmen last October, her brain surgeon, Dr. Anwen White, said Monday.', 'The five-hour operation took place Sunday at a Birmingham hospital. After surgeons attached the titanium plate and inserted the implant, the 15-year-old Malala was "very focused and enthusiastic," White said.', "Shortly after the shooting, Malala's brain swelled dangerously, so doctors in Pakistan extracted a section of her skull about the size of a hand. Otherwise, the pressure in her cranium would have caused severe brain damage, likely killing her. Doctors then temporarily implanted the skull piece in her abdomen -- a common procedure to preserve bone fragments for later use.", 'The skull piece would have no longer fit properly without the addition of some titanium parts, as her head and the bone fragment have changed.', 'Titanium also has a low incidence of infection and can be handcrafted to near perfection, doctors said.', 'On Saturday, before the surgery, Malala credited her survival to "the prayers of the people."', '"Because of these prayers, God has given me this new life and I want to serve and I want every girl, every child to be educated," she said.', '"She\'s already talking about furthering her cause," said the hospital\'s medical director, Dr. Dave Rosser. The terrorists have said they will target her again.', 'Malala had become deaf when gunfire from the attack broke the delicate bones that help turn sound into sensory impulses to the brain.', 'The cochlear device will not allow her to hear completely naturally, Rosser said. But it will restore enough function to the damaged ear to allow her to hear things such as an approaching car, which obviously is important for safety.', 'The teen blogger simply sought to get an education. But she became a symbol of defiance against militants, empowering young women worldwide.', "See photos of Malala's journey from her hospital bed to her first day at school.", "Becky Anderson checks in on Pakistani schoolgirl Malala Yousufzai, who has become a global symbol for girls' education. ", 'Hundreds of messages from around the world were received by CNN for Malala Yousufzai, the Pakistani teen activist attacked by the Taliban.', 'Doctors fought to save her life, then her condition took a dip. They operated to remove a bullet from her neck. She was unresponsive for three days. ', "The University Hospital in Birmingham, UK show scans and 3D images of Malala's head wound.", "Pakistan has a new heroine and a new cause -- a girl's right to education. Now the government vows to get every child into school by end 2015.", "The Pakistani Taliban sought to silence the teenage education activist Malala Yousufzai. Now it's the news media and journalists they threaten.", "The Pakistan Taliban's attack on Malala Yousufzai has reawakened the country to the threat of extremists, says Frida Ghitis.", "In an exclusive interview, Kainat Ahmad, who was shot with Malala Yousufzai, talks to CNN about last week's attack by the Pakistani Taliban.", 'The Pakistani Taliban attack on a teenage girl is the latest in a long list of assaults against the military and civilians, analysts say.', "Eleven-year-olds sometimes are kept awake by monsters they can't see. But Malala began believing that she was stronger than the things that scared her.", 'A week ago, a Pakistani schoolgirl who dared to speak out against the Taliban took a bullet to the head for her act of defiance.', 'The 14-year-old Pakistani girl who was shot in the head simply because she wants an education has become an international symbol of defiance against the Taliban.', 'Thousands rally in Pakistan for Malala Yousufzai amid signs of growing fury with the Taliban.', "The story of Malala's fight to attend school has exposed our failure to deliver on universal education, writes former British PM Gordon Brown."]