['the text message read. The former employees said they are all waiting on their final paychecks. Mom-to-Be  Jennifer Love Hewitt  Shines on the Red Carpet The 34-year-old actress glowed as she showed off her baby bump in a form-fitting ', "FameFlynet She's not only celebrating her first pregnancy but her engagement too, and actress  Jennifer Love Hewitt  had both bump and ring on display during a recent trip to Italy. The 34-year-old showed off her huge diamond sparkler while ", "(Image Credit: Cousart-Shinn/JFXimages/Wenn.com) Turns out  Jennifer Love Hewitt  isn't just pregnant: She's engaged, too! Hewitt, 34, is engaged to her boyfriend, actor Brian Hallisay, a rep for the ", 'Jennifer Love Hewitt  is going to be a mom! The "Client List" actress , 34, and her boyfriend, co-star Brian Hallisay, also 34, are expecting ', "not a lot of time for producers to find their leads. Click through to see a few of our suggestions.  Jennifer Love Hewitt Jennifer Love Hewitt , 34, is already one of Lifetime's stars as massage therapist Riley Parks, who provides her clients ", 'was a romantic one," Lewis said. Mayer, who is known for a string of A-list ex-girlfriends, including  Jennifer Love Hewitt , Jessica Simpson and Jennifer Aniston, says he is maturing with his relationships with women. "John Mayer recently ', '(Alberto E. Rodriguez/Getty Images For Lifetime)  Jennifer Love Hewitt  has a pretty good idea of what her most valuable asset is: her chest. In a USA Today video , "The Client List" star was asked ', 'they\'re happy, I am." She quickly moved on with New York Yankees star Derek Jeter. They dated for three years.  Jennifer Love Hewitt  Mayer briefly dated Hewitt in 2002 and his hit song, "Your Body Is a Wonderland," is reportedly about the ', 'they\'re happy, I am." She quickly moved on with New York Yankees star Derek Jeter. They dated for three years.  Jennifer Love Hewitt  Mayer briefly dated Hewitt in 2002 and his hit song, "Your Body Is a Wonderland," is reportedly about the ', "all and the network is blowing through the season so it can have more room in the schedule for that show starring  Jennifer Love Hewitt 's cleavage. Bristol starts out gushing about how great her mom is, how much she's accomplished and how proud ", 'Simpson has a reported $3 million paycheck from Weight Watchers as extra incentive.  Jennifer Love Hewitt  Over the Memorial Day weekend,  Jennifer Love Hewitt  went for the fast food at popular California chain In-N-Out Burger, and she traveled ', 'Jennifer Love Hewitt \'s mother, Patricia, died Tuesday from complications due to cancer. She was 67. "She was an angel to all who knew her and ', "on the tweet anymore ever again he's done. Well we have another celebrity who says she is kicking the Twitter  Jennifer Love Hewitt  she says she's quitting Twitter she said the she's a mom to be about the way in. She was talk about a pregnancy ", "we have another celebrity who says she is kicking the Twitter -- Jennifer Love Hewitt she says she's quitting Twitter she said the -- she's a mom to be about the way in. She was talk about ", "We moved or collaboration with Google today among today's top rising searches  Jennifer Love Hewitt . Television stars caused a stir online by hitting back at critics recently this photo if you appeared on line which shows her ", "-- or collaboration with Google today among today's top rising searches -- Jennifer Love Hewitt . Television stars caused a stir online by hitting back at critics recently this photo if you -- appeared on line which shows ", "Follow route to Latin love the sound of What they've seen the show with  Jennifer Love Hewitt  called the client delicious of this masseuse is really like a high end prostitution of sexy And you have Jennifer's known for ", "Latin love the sound of -- What they've seen the show with Jennifer Love Hewitt called the client delicious -- of this masseuse is really like a high end prostitution -- -- -- -- -- -- of ", "Didn't know why everybody I didn't I didn't want and then already won lit up they may the also aimed at pop news  Jennifer Love Hewitt  says she has the secret ingredient to sweetening up your love life. Vanilla extract now the actor says that she ", 'up they may -- the -- -- also aimed at pop news Jennifer Love Hewitt says she has the secret ingredient to sweetening up your love life. Vanilla extract now the actor says that she. Actually -- ', "relationship was a romantic want. heart couldn't keep loving a string of eight list ex girlfriends including  Jennifer Love Hewitt . Jessica Simpson and Jennifer Aniston's John Mayer recently talked about the fact that. He's developed the ", "heart couldn't keep loving a string of eight list ex girlfriends including Jennifer Love Hewitt . Jessica Simpson and Jennifer Aniston's -- John Mayer recently talked about the fact that. He's developed the capacity to love and it's ", "knows all about that she's played den mother and cheerleader to the mall. When they nobody's Hilary Duff.  Jennifer Love Hewitt  was seven years old. But I think Jennifer are you saying she a drop of a Tom Cruise was also discovered here lot ", "mother and cheerleader to the mall. When they -- nobody's Hilary Duff. Jennifer Love Hewitt was -- -- seven years old. But I think Jennifer are you saying she -- a drop of a -- Tom Cruise ", "suggest they did spend the night together and you know John had an impressive. Sexual resonate Jennifer Aniston  Jennifer Love Hewitt  Jessica Simpson so she was Jessica Simpson was his sexual yet you don't really telling interview about her so ", "and you know John -- had an impressive. Sexual resonate Jennifer Aniston Jennifer Love Hewitt Jessica Simpson so she was Jessica Simpson was his sexual -- yet you don't really telling interview about her so maybe -- "]