['Pakistani Christians attend a prayer service for the recovery of teen activist Malala Yousufzai in Lahore on Sunday, November 11. Pakistan celebrated Malala Day on Saturday as part of a global day of support for the teenager shot by the Taliban.', 'Pakistani Christians attend a prayer service in Lahore on Sunday. In the past month, Malala, 15, has gone from an intensive care unit in Pakistan, showing no signs of consciousness, to walking, writing, reading and smiling in a hospital in the UK.', 'Pakistani supporters hold photographs of Malala as they stand alongside burning candles during a ceremony to mark Malala Day in Karachi on Saturday, November 10. The teen activist was shot in the head by the Taliban as she rode home from school in a van last month. She had defied the militant group by insisting on the right of girls to go to school. The attack has stirred outrage in Pakistan and around the world.', 'Pakistani students shout slogans near photographs of Malala in Karachi on Saturday.', 'Indian teachers add finishing touches to a "Malala Rangoli" at a high school in Ahmedabad on Saturday.', 'Malala sits up in her hospital bed with her father, Ziauddin, and her two younger brothers, Atal Khan, right, and Khushal Khan on Friday, October 26, at the Queen Elizabeth Hospital Birmingham in Birmingham, England.', 'Pakistani human rights activists light candles during a Sunday, October 21, vigil for Malala Yousufzai in Lahore. ', "Students at the Sacred Heart Cathedral School in Lahore attend special prayers on Friday, October 19, for Malala's recovery. ", 'An activist with the Association for the Advancement of Feminism lights candles during a vigil in Hong Kong on Friday.', 'Indian sand artist Sudarsan Pattnaik puts final touches on a sand sculpture in honor of Malala at Puri Beach, India, on Tuesday, October 16.', 'Pakistani demonstrators chant slogans during a protest against the assassination attempt by the Taliban on Tuesday in Islamabad, Pakistan.', 'Pakistani activists of the Islamic Sunni Tehreek party carry flags at a rally in Islamabad on Sunday, October 14. ', 'Supporters of a Pakistani political party, Muttahida Quami Movement, gather during a protest procession for Malala in Karachi, Pakistan, on Sunday. ', 'Pakistani leaders of the movement sit in front of a poster of Malala at a procession on Sunday in Karachi.', 'A Pakistani youth places an oil lamp next to a photograph of teen activist Malala Yousufzai on Friday, October 12, in Karachi, Pakistan. ', 'Pakistani school girls pray for the recovery of teen activist Malala Yousufzai at their school in Peshawar on Friday.', 'Pakistani hospital workers carry Malala on a stretcher at a hospital following the attack on Tuesday, October 9. Malala was shot in the head while riding home in a school van in the Taliban-heavy Swat Valley, officials said. ', 'Supporters hold portraits of Malala as they pray for her well-being in Karachi, Pakistan, on Wednesday. Malala gained fame for blogging about how girls should have rights in Pakistan, including the right to learn. ', "A Pakistani Muslim prays for Malala during Friday prayers in Karachi. Malala, whose writing earned her Pakistan's first National Peace Prize, also encouraged young people to take a stand against the Taliban -- and to not hide in their bedrooms.", 'A Pakistani female activist holds a photograph of Malala and prays for her recovery in Islamabad on Saturday.', 'Pakistani Muslims bow their heads and pray for Malala during Friday prayers in Karachi.', 'Pakistani school girls pray for the Malala\'s recovery on Wednesday. Over the weekend, the teen moved her limbs after doctors "reduced sedation to make a clinical assessment," military spokesman Maj. Gen. Asim Bajwa said.', 'Pakistani civil society activists carry banners in Islamabad on Wednesday as they shout ant-Taliban slogans during a protest against the assassination attempt.', 'Children of Pakistani journalists and civil society activists light candles in Islamabad on Wednesday.', 'Pakistani Christians attend a mass prayer for the recovery of Malala at Fatima Church in Islamabad on Thursday.', 'Pakistani Christians attend a mass praying for the recovery of Malala at a church in Lahore on Sunday.', 'Ziauddin Yousafzai, father of Malala, will work in Birmingham, England, consulate', 'He will serve as education attache for three years with possibility of extension ', 'Malala is being treated in England after being shot in the head by Taliban gunman', '(CNN) -- The father of Malala Yousafzai, the teenager whom the Taliban tried to kill, has been given a job in a Pakistan consulate in Birmingham, England, where she is recovering from gunshot wounds to her head and neck, Pakistani officials said Wednesday.', "Ziauddin Yousafzai has been appointed education attache and will function as head of the consulate's education section for three years, the Pakistani government said. His job could be extended two additional years.", "At the time of his daughter's shooting, Ziauddin Yousafzai ran a school in Pakistan's conservative Swat Valley that kept its doors open to girls -- in defiance of the Taliban.", 'The Taliban forbid girls in the classroom and have threatened to kill anyone who defies them.', "Malala was shot by gunmen last fall for her crusade about girls going to school. She had blogged fearlessly about girls' education and accused the Taliban of thriving on ignorance.", 'Her father\'s employment fulfills a pledge by Pakistan President Asif Ali Zardari, who visited Malala in December and assured her father that the government would meet "all expenses of Malala\'s treatment and all the needs of the family while in UK," a government statement said Wednesday.', 'On October 9, Malala was on a school van in Swat Valley when Taliban gunmen stopped the vehicle and demanded that other girls tell them who was Malala. They identified her. Malala was then shot, as were two other girls who survived the attack.', '"We do not tolerate people like Malala speaking against us," a Taliban spokesman said after the shooting. He vowed to come after her if she managed to live. Islamic militants also threatened to kill journalists covering her story.', "Since her shooting, Malala has become an international figure. She was selected as runner-up for Time magazine's Person of the Year for 2012. CNN and Time are owned by Time Warner Inc.", "Malala arrived at Queen Elizabeth Hospital Birmingham on October 16. A bullet that hit her left brow didn't penetrate the skull but traveled the side of her head under the skin and into her neck, the hospital said. The shock wave shattered the thinnest bone of her skull, and fragments entered her brain, the hospital said.", 'The teen had been in critical condition, but doctors removed the bullet and she has no major brain or nerve damage. Physicians said she will need reconstructive surgery.', 'The Islamic militants behind the Taliban continue to repress women in northwest Pakistan. Last month, Malala asked a graduate school not to name its institution after her.', 'Girls were afraid that attending the Malala Yousafzai Post Graduate College for Women in the Taliban-dominated Swat Valley would attract the attention of fighters such as the ones who shot Malala and the two other girls, said Kamran Rehman Khan, a top official in the Swat Valley.', "The Saidu Sharif Post Graduate School briefly changed its name to recognize Malala's brave campaign for girls' education in Pakistan.", 'Several students told Khan that they respect Malala but were concerned about their safety, he said.', 'Khan told CNN that Malala called him last month from her hospital room in England and asked the school to remove her name. But she wished for people to continue to fight for girls to go to school, he said.', '"I was so impressed that despite having threats against her life, she was talking about girls\' education in the region and against militants," Khan said.', 'Advocates say the exam includes unnecessarily invasive and irrelevant procedures -- like a so-called "two finger" test.', 'Supplies of food, clothing and fuel are running short in Damascus and people are going hungry as the civil war drags on. ', 'Supporters of Richard III want a reconstruction of his head to bring a human aspect to a leader portrayed as a murderous villain.', 'Robert Fowler spent 130 days held hostage by the same al Qaeda group that was behind the Algeria massacre. He shares his experience.', 'As "We are the World" plays, a video shows what looks like a nuclear attack on the U.S. Jim Clancy reports on a bizarre video from North Korea.', 'The relationship is, once again, cold enough to make Obama\'s much-trumpeted "reset" in Russian-U.S. relations seem thoroughly off the rails.', 'Ten years on, what do you think the Iraq war has changed in you, and in your country? Send us your thoughts and experiences.', 'Musician Daniela Mercury has sold more than 12 million albums worldwide over a career span of nearly 30 years.', 'Photojournalist Alison Wright travelled the world to capture its many faces in her latest book, "Face to Face: Portraits of the Human Spirit."', "Europol claims 380 soccer matches, including top level ones, were fixed - as the scandal widens, CNN's Dan Rivers looks at how it's done.", 'That galaxy far, far away is apparently bigger than first thought. The "Star Wars" franchise will get two spinoff movies, Disney announced.', "It's an essential part of any trip, an activity we all take part in. Yet almost none of us are any good at it. Souvenir buying is too often an obligatory slog."]