['"Hunger Games" star\'s performance in "Silver Linings Playbook" could earn her an Academy Award.', "means so much to you and tell you how to do it in just a moment. While you think about it take a look at this.  Jennifer lawrence  winning the oscar. LeBRON JAMES CLINCHING HIS FIRST Title. Will and kate's royal walk down the aisle. Snapshots ", "a moment. While you think about it take a look at this. Jennifer lawrence winning the oscar. LeBRON JAMES CLINCHING HIS FIRST Title. Will and kate's royal walk down the aisle. Snapshots in time of the ", 'love seeing you walking her down the aisle. You were like a proud big brother. I do want to say very quickly, I was really worried. She had seven stairs and showed up in a floor-length gown. I was like, no  jennifer lawrence  moments.', 'stairs and showed up in a floor-length gown. I was like, no jennifer lawrence moments. ', "the girl on fire  Jennifer Lawrence  this year's it bigger star than  Jennifer Lawrence  after this weekend for her role in  winter ' s bone  the 21 year old the part of asks  Jennifer Lawrence  exudes this sort ", "of us. Hottest films of the year were so excited that -- Jennifer Lawrence here. Where does she is that parents fighting for -- a lot of talk to Jennifer -- -- -- what's the pay ninety. You can Arianna -- somebody's -- -- -- The hunger games. -- -- -- -- She is literally the girl on fire Jennifer Lawrence this year's it girl. Both on the big screen of. -- -- -- -- By storm. At hunger games premieres in -- -- -- at Los Angeles. -- probably is not going to be a bigger star than Jennifer Lawrence after this weekend she is poised for international stardom since movies for how hurt -- household. Nominated for Oscar last year for her role in winter's bone the 21 year old Kentucky native is catapulting to superstar. Play that sixteen year old cat has ever seen in the first installment on the hotly anticipated -- the hunger games. I think every young star in -- was probably trying to get the part of -- asks Jennifer Lawrence exudes this sort of this inner toughness while still being super pretty and super label of Take Two young girls. Currently on ", "fans Christian download lots of the movie's stars. to be but this Second Amendment. and  Jennifer Lawrence  nominated for an Oscar  winter ' s bone  consumers along with Josh conjures an and friends. Since this means is you're right yeah ", "stars. -- to be but this Second Amendment. -- -- -- and Jennifer Lawrence nominated for an Oscar winter's bone consumers along with Josh conjures an -- and friends. Since this means is you're right yeah. ", "Actress  jennifer lawrence  has an oscar a string of hit movies documents the alleged stalker found  jennifer lawrence 's brother's information on a the family in person. In movies  jennifer lawrence  is used to fending off attacks in ", 'Actress jennifer lawrence has an oscar a string of hit movies. She has become enormously popular. Now, she\'s dealing with the downside of fame. A alleged stalker is under arrest this morning accused of harassing both her and her family, going to extremes to try to pleat the star. We have this story from los angeles. Reporter: Good morning. According to court documents the alleged stalker found jennifer lawrence\'s brother\'s information on a website for the family summer camp for kids. After repeated calls, e-mails, text messages went unanswered that\'s when the fan allegedly became more aggressive trying to meet the family in person. In movies jennifer lawrence is used to fending off attacks in hunger games and occasionally getting shot down by bradley cooper in "silver linings playbook." Now ', "Chest actors ready for this Annette Bening in the kids are all right Nicole Kidman in rabbit hole  Jennifer Lawrence  very young girl  winter ' s bone . Natalie Portman in Black Swan and Michelle Williams in blue Valentine. is another. Two way ", "Bening in the kids are all right Nicole Kidman in rabbit hole Jennifer Lawrence very young girl -- winter's bone. Natalie Portman in Black Swan and Michelle Williams in blue Valentine. -- is another. Two way ", "so let's about two younger actresses who have made strong impression that the other awards shows.  Jennifer Lawrence  from  winter ' s bone . A lot of people may not be familiar with her yet what you like her. She. Isn't the first of all ", "younger actresses who have made strong impression that the other awards shows. Jennifer Lawrence from winter's bone. A lot of people may not be familiar with her yet what you like her. She. Isn't the first ", "now but the long road to well she Indian drama she's up against people like Nicole Kidman.  Jennifer Lawrence  who was wonderful in  winter ' s bone  Michelle Williams from the upcoming blue Valentine so be going up but her greatest rival when ", "-- well she Indian drama she's up against people like Nicole Kidman. Jennifer Lawrence who was wonderful in winter's bone Michelle Williams from the upcoming blue Valentine so -- be going up but her greatest rival ", "for best actress but that's a tremendous category. You can see with Annette in the Cole Kidman  Jennifer Lawrence  was so great and  winter ' s bone  Natalie Portman you're likely winner I think at this point although think Annette Bening is ", "tremendous category. You can see with Annette -- in the Cole Kidman Jennifer Lawrence was so great and winter's bone Natalie Portman you're likely winner I think at this point although -- think Annette Bening is. ", "the fighter. John hawks in  winter ' s bone . Jeremy Renner in the town Nicole Kidman in rabbit hole.  Jennifer Lawrence  in bone. Natalie Portman in democratic and Anne Rossellini  winter ' s bone . For best foreign film language ", 'Bening in the kids are all right. Nicole Kidman in rabbit hole. Jennifer Lawrence in -- -- bone. Natalie Portman in the Black Swan. And Michelle Williams in blue Valentine. The nominees for best performance by ', "Nicole Kidman for rabbit hole through  Jennifer Lawrence  for  winter ' s bone  Natalie Portman for Black Swan and just see strong. This category is  Jennifer Lawrence  was sensational in  winter ' s bone  and Michelle Williams is broke your ", "for the kids are all right. Nicole Kidman for rabbit hole through Jennifer Lawrence for winter's bone Natalie Portman for Black Swan and Michelle Williams for blue Valentine all tremendous for. Aren't I know but there's Julianne Moore left out I -- unfairly so for the kids -- -- right well would have been rare to see. Two actresses both nominated for best actress in the same movie. But two very deserving performances you can just see -- -- -- strong. This category is Jennifer Lawrence was sensational in winter's bone and Michelle Williams is broke your heart and blue Valentine which I have to admit I expected ", 'of this once and for a we saw  jennifer lawrence  at the s.A.G. Awards the stage, 23-year-old  jennifer lawrence , has her couture dior gets the dress. The reason that  jennifer lawrence  was panic-stricken was because ', 'get to the bottom of this once and for a we saw jennifer lawrence at the s.A.G. Awards. We saw the dress go down. And come right back up. This morning, we have an official explanation. ', 'linings. Did it rip? Reporter: On her way to the stage, 23-year-old jennifer lawrence , has her couture dior gets caught under a chair. Watch her reaction, as she nearly falls. And then, a flash of skin. ', "see that. It's a sheer lining of the dress. The reason that jennifer lawrence was panic-stricken was because she knew you weren't supposed to see that. And she had just tripped. It was kind of coming ", 'We begin with  jennifer lawrence . The superstar showing off a lot look at this. Some footage that  jennifer lawrence  made. She thanked mtv. It was history. Congratulations, to  jennifer lawrence . And tina fey could be adding ', 'We begin with jennifer lawrence . The superstar showing off a lot of leg, as she made her way to the stage to accept her prize for best female actor in "silver linings playbook." We have more of that coming up in fashion. Take a look at this. Some footage that jennifer lawrence made. She thanked mtv. It was a promo for "my super sweet 16." It showed her at 14 years old. Jennifer said, when she got the card in the mail, it made her life because it made her a professional actor. As we know, the rest is history. Congratulations, to jennifer lawrence . And tina fey could be adding to her resume. The comedienne, writer, actress, and now broadway producer? Before tina fey scooped the ', 'leading ladies. Anne hathaway,  jennifer lawrence . They got the actors, bumped announced. And the oscar goes to,  jennifer lawrence . "Silver linings playbook song is so thrilling. How is  jennifer lawrence  able to stay unaffected? That ', 'night. Twakd to both leading ladies. Anne hathaway, jennifer lawrence . They got the actors, bumped them, and had a lot of fun. You looked shell shocked when your name was announced. And the oscar goes to, jennifer lawrence . "Silver linings playbook." Well, yeah. I feel like I can\'t remember it. It was an insane moment. And -- it was just ', "Enjoy your evening. Thank you. That song is so thrilling. How is jennifer lawrence able to stay unaffected? That is my new favorite moment. Fantastic. It was a loft fun. We're going shift gear right ", 'hair black as she getsdyo film the next "hunger games" movie. Chris connelly has the details.  Jennifer lawrence . Reporter:  Jennifer lawrence  didn\'t just win an oscar. She won the whole oscar season. Every bit, the it girl next door ', 'getsdyo film the next "hunger games" movie. Chris connelly has the details. Jennifer lawrence . Reporter: Jennifer lawrence didn\'t just win an oscar. She won the whole oscar season. Every bit, the it girl next door. For her unpretentious exuberance. ', 'with both bow and and ironically cocked eyebrow.  Jennifer Lawrence  has a second Academy Awards nomination to go with Chris got to know And our series Oscar confidential.  Jennifer Lawrence  won best actress saying. She thanked her family ', "actress equally deadly with both bow and -- and ironically cocked eyebrow. Jennifer Lawrence has a second Academy Awards nomination to go with her hunger games' blockbuster cred so. It's fair to say she's firmly on the A list now but you might be surprised at how long. She hopes to stay there ABC's Chris -- got to know -- And our series Oscar confidential. Jennifer Lawrence won best actress saying. She thanked her family -- director fellow cast members and honcho Harvey Weinstein and then. I -- -- ", "strong love hate feelings about  Jennifer Lawrence . Anne Hathaway. Here's ABC's beginning to be that she's not.  Jennifer Lawrence  who for some reason everyone really respond to spend with  Jennifer Lawrence  and it's real. Well eyes ", "women across America. Seem to have such strong love hate feelings about Jennifer Lawrence . -- Anne Hathaway. Here's ABC's John Donvan with a tale of two actresses. Take what you can happily ever do to you ", "but it's more than that it's beginning to be that she's not. Jennifer Lawrence who for some reason everyone thinks is their celebrity DFF the girl they wish to live next door -- veterans. -- -- ", "of genuine humility is something that people really respond to spend with Jennifer Lawrence and it's real. Well eyes of the be holder folks' eyes of the beholder if you grants which most will miss and ", "artist pop artist in her video part of me also want.  Jennifer Lawrence  Hunger Games of Hunger Games fan if you're right it as just sort of all respect every like look at  Jennifer Lawrence  is. American out and feminist and that is a little ", "female artist pop artist in her video part of me also want. Jennifer Lawrence Hunger Games of Hunger Games fan -- if you're right yeah. Oscar awards -- home games actually won five awards -- -- wardrobe. Favorite movie actors -- face of heroism which is interesting -- -- and then Taylor slipped on a young -- mind my -- she received one award for the favorite country music artist but that dress. OK aren't there oh yeah. It sure it as just sort of all respect every -- like look at Jennifer Lawrence is. American -- out and feminist -- and that is a little -- That this is diligently yeah dating back yeah. That ", "it better this all happened for you after the age of 30? Yes. Why? I WAS A MESS IN MY 20s. I just worked with  jennifer lawrence  and she's hamming everything so well and I would have been a hot mess. Reporter: Helping to keep her even keeled ", "Why? I WAS A MESS IN MY 20s. I just worked with jennifer lawrence and she's hamming everything so well and I would have been a hot mess. Reporter: Helping to keep her even keeled along "]