['Welcome  Jenny McCarthy  as the next co-host to join "The View." The actress and former Playboy playmate was named Monday to join the panel of the ', 'a new co-host on "The View" in the near future , but things have changed! On Monday, Walters announced that  Jenny McCarthy  will join the ABC talk show in September. "We are delighted that Jenny will be joining us as a permanent co-host ', "Ray's catcher Matt Moore. Donnie Wahlberg Dating  Jenny McCarthy  Former New Kid on the Block Donnie Wahlberg is dating former playmate  Jenny McCarthy , according to a report in US Weekly. The couple ", 'CarlsJr./Youtube  Jenny McCarthy  is the latest sexy star to appear You\'re Eating Salad." See  Jenny McCarthy \'s Five Tips For Keeping Relationship this year, the host of "The  Jenny McCarthy  Show" got affectionate with a ', 'evidence to corroborate Ms. Bynes\' allegations."  Jenny McCarthy  Earlier in May, Bynes started a war of words with actress and Playboy model  Jenny McCarthy , after McCarthy retweeted erroneous reports that ', 'Bynes\' behavior has prompted concerns about her physical and mental wellbeing. Following Jaxson\'s tweet, actress  Jenny McCarthy  tweeted "police are at Amanda Bynes house. I hope they get her help. Enough of this circus." That prompted Bynes ', '(Seth Browarnik/WorldRedEye.com)  Jenny McCarthy  is happy being single, but at times she does miss pain into the new relationship," the host of "The  Jenny McCarthy  Show" said. "So that\'s where I feel like I have ', "Kevin Mazur/WireImage/Getty Images There were many highlights from Sunday's American Music Awards -  Jenny McCarthy  kissing Justin Bieber , for one - but perhaps the most-talked-about moment was Pink 's arresting performance ", 'carpet in harem pants, red studded loafers, and a shiny tank top, and shrug his shoulders like, "What?" 2. The  Jenny McCarthy  ambush. After presenting Bieber with the Pop/Rock Album of the Year award, the 40-year-old Playboy model buried ', 'Jenny McCarthy  grew up very fast in the public eye as a sexy pin-up girl for Playboy I\'m sitting here in this store, why couldn\'t I do it?\'" PHOTOS:  Jenny McCarthy : From Catholic School Girl to Playboy Playmate And she did. In 1993 ', 'Catholic? Comedian Stephen Colbert, host of "The Colbert Report," talked with actress and best-selling author  Jenny McCarthy  today on " Good Morning America " about her new book, "Bad Habits: Confessions of a Recovering Catholic," and ', 'Institutes of Health convened a panel of experts in the fall of 2000 to examine vaccine safety issues." Celebrities like  Jenny McCarthy  spoke out against the vaccine. The public outcry affected the behavior of parents, Miller says, with MMR vaccinations ', "in the world and credit card daytime running out of the cable commitment to that That's the real we have comedian  Jenny McCarthy  joining the cast. Carlos stumble panel piano like the panel. Suddenly she is joining she is apparently made seventeen ", "commitment to that -- That's the real -- we have comedian -- Jenny McCarthy joining the cast. Carlos stumble panel piano -- -- -- -- like the panel. Suddenly she is joining she is apparently made ", "enough to help us to get the latest tactic in the view history so I am delighted. To announce our next. Newest car is  Jenny McCarthy . Now the news comes hot on the heels that cohost aspects announcement that will be leaving to join Fox News channel's ", 'I am delighted. To announce -- our next. Newest car -- is Jenny McCarthy . Now the news comes hot on the heels that cohost -- aspects announcement that -- will be leaving to join Fox News ', 'part of her that thinks this attention is good. Reporter: Even taking to twitter. Calling miley cyrus ugly and  jenny McCarthy  an old lady. This could be a catalyst for significant change in her life. Reporter: For "good morning america ', 'is good. Reporter: Even taking to twitter. Calling miley cyrus ugly and jenny McCarthy an old lady. This could be a catalyst for significant change in her life. Reporter: For "good morning america," abbie boudreau, abc ', "So much fun. I love it. You can Hampton for the nineteenth. Still amazingly beautiful. The coolest thing about  Jenny McCarthy  is that she is a bad S sixty Smart funny woman. Though is this the role model think she's. Perfect for crossing ", "can Hampton for the nineteenth. Still amazingly beautiful. The coolest thing about Jenny McCarthy is that she is a bad S sixty Smart funny woman. Though is this the role model think she's. Perfect for crossing ", "Jim Carrey and  Jenny McCarthy  they're calling question he's going and are covered with a few months ago now going up can't explain a little bit as to why ", "Jim Carrey and Jenny McCarthy they're calling question he's going and are covered with a few months ago now -- going up -- can't explain a little ", 'to be going away. She\'s very, very, very talented. You know that. Absolutely. Reporter: Late wednesday,  jenny McCarthy  came to the defense of her cousin, actress melissa McCarthy, after the comedienne\'s new movie "identity theft ', 'She\'s very, very, very talented. You know that. Absolutely. Reporter: Late wednesday, jenny McCarthy came to the defense of her cousin, actress melissa McCarthy, after the comedienne\'s new movie "identity theft," as well as her size, ', 'we are going to go from THAT TO  jenny McCarthy . She\'s pretty fearless, always love in the wild." DON\'T LET  jenny McCarthy \'s look fool you. She\'s written actress and best-selling author,  jenny McCARTHY . Jesus was your bieber? Jesus ', 'Yes, we are going to go from THAT TO jenny McCarthy . She\'s pretty fearless, always funny. And in her new book, "bad habits: Confessions of a recovering catholic." I think stephen is going to join in on our interview. First, a look at a trip home with juju chang. Reporter: She\'s a mom, an actress, and host of reality show, "love in the wild." DON\'T LET jenny McCarthy\'s look fool you. She\'s written six best-sellers. Her latest, a funny look back at the naughty schoolgirl who launched her career at ', '"bad habits: Confessions of a recovering catholic," is actress and best-selling author, jenny McCARTHY . Jesus was your bieber? Jesus was my bieber. You wrote the first time you made out with a boy in your room, ', "mass. I stole all of the money baskets. What? Oh, my gosh. jenny McCarthy's books in stores now. Live from wcvb tv channel 5, "]