['Malala Yousafzai attends school in Birmingham, England, where she was treated after shooting', 'Malala: "I am excited that today I have achieved my dream of going back to school"', "Before shooting, teen got international attention for defying Taliban's ban on girls in school", "(CNN) -- For the first time since the Taliban shot her five months ago, Pakistani teenager Malala Yousafzai has done what made her a target of the would-be assassins: She's gone to school.", 'The 15-year-old on Tuesday attended Edgbaston High School in Birmingham, England, the city in which doctors treated her after she received initial care in Pakistan, a public relations agency working with her announced.', "It was her first day at school since the Taliban shot her in the head in October for campaigning for girls' education.", '"I am excited that today I have achieved my dream of going back to school," Malala said, according to a release from her representatives. "I want all girls in the world to have this basic opportunity.', '"I miss my classmates from Pakistan very much, but I am looking forward to meeting my teachers and making new friends here in Birmingham."', 'On October 9, the teenager was riding home in a school van in the Swat Valley, a Taliban stronghold in Pakistan, when masked men stopped the vehicle. They demanded that the other girls identify Malala, and when they did, the men shot Malala in the head and neck. The gunmen also shot another girl, wounding her.', 'Malala improved through numerous surgeries, including two to repair her shattered skull and restore her hearing. She was walking by the time she was released from the Birmingham hospital in February.', "She is continuing rehabilitation at her family's temporary home in Birmingham and is to visit the hospital occasionally for outpatient appointments.", "Her story moved Pakistan to vow that it would more vigorously fight for girls' rights and against the Taliban.", "Malala gained international attention three years before she was shot, as a campaigner for girls' education in Pakistan. In 2009, she wrote a blog published by the BBC about how she wanted to go to school but was afraid.", 'About that time, the Taliban issued a formal edict, which covered her home in the Swat Valley, banning all girls from schools. On the blog, Malala praised her father, who was operating one of the few schools that would go on to defy that order. She started giving interviews with news outlets, including CNN.', '"I have the right of education," she said in a 2011 interview with CNN. "I have the right to play. I have the right to sing. I have the right to talk. I have the right to go to market. I have the right to speak up."', 'The teen blogger simply sought to get an education. But she became a symbol of defiance against militants, empowering young women worldwide.', "See photos of Malala's journey from her hospital bed to her first day at school.", "Becky Anderson checks in on Pakistani schoolgirl Malala Yousufzai, who has become a global symbol for girls' education. ", 'Hundreds of messages from around the world were received by CNN for Malala Yousufzai, the Pakistani teen activist attacked by the Taliban.', 'Doctors fought to save her life, then her condition took a dip. They operated to remove a bullet from her neck. She was unresponsive for three days. ', "The University Hospital in Birmingham, UK show scans and 3D images of Malala's head wound.", "Pakistan has a new heroine and a new cause -- a girl's right to education. Now the government vows to get every child into school by end 2015.", "The Pakistani Taliban sought to silence the teenage education activist Malala Yousufzai. Now it's the news media and journalists they threaten.", "The Pakistan Taliban's attack on Malala Yousufzai has reawakened the country to the threat of extremists, says Frida Ghitis.", "In an exclusive interview, Kainat Ahmad, who was shot with Malala Yousufzai, talks to CNN about last week's attack by the Pakistani Taliban.", 'The Pakistani Taliban attack on a teenage girl is the latest in a long list of assaults against the military and civilians, analysts say.', "Eleven-year-olds sometimes are kept awake by monsters they can't see. But Malala began believing that she was stronger than the things that scared her.", 'A week ago, a Pakistani schoolgirl who dared to speak out against the Taliban took a bullet to the head for her act of defiance.', 'The 14-year-old Pakistani girl who was shot in the head simply because she wants an education has become an international symbol of defiance against the Taliban.', 'Thousands rally in Pakistan for Malala Yousufzai amid signs of growing fury with the Taliban.', "The story of Malala's fight to attend school has exposed our failure to deliver on universal education, writes former British PM Gordon Brown."]