["Jerri Manthey  couldn't stick it out till the bitter end on Survivor II, but she thinks she's got what it takes to join the sisterhood of ", 'dramatic as the summer\'s ending, with Susan Hawk\'s now-legendary "rats and snakes" speech. The closest was when  Jerri Manthey  said both Wesson and Donaldson had manipulated others to get to where they were. "I want them to look at what they\'ve ', 'tells the AP. In other reality-show teaser news, ousted Survivor-ette Amber Brkich is apparently still following  Jerri Manthey  wherever she leads. Like Manthey, Brkich says she\'s seriously considering posing nude for Playboy. "It would ', 'tells the AP. In other reality-show teaser news, ousted Survivor-ette Amber Brkich is apparently still following  Jerri Manthey  wherever she leads. Like Manthey, Brkich says she\'s seriously considering posing nude for Playboy. "It would ', 'tells the AP. In other reality-show teaser news, ousted Survivor-ette Amber Brkich is apparently still following  Jerri Manthey  wherever she leads. Like Manthey, Brkich says she\'s seriously considering posing nude for Playboy. "It would ', 'tells the AP. In other reality-show teaser news, ousted Survivor-ette Amber Brkich is apparently still following  Jerri Manthey  wherever she leads. Like Manthey, Brkich says she\'s seriously considering posing nude for Playboy. "It would ', "It would be only a slight exaggeration to call Survivor's latest boot-ee,  Jerri Manthey , the most hated person in America, so how popular would a nude photo spread of the aspiring actress be? According to the New ", "It would be only a slight exaggeration to call Survivor's latest boot-ee,  Jerri Manthey , the most hated person in America, so how popular would a nude photo spread of the aspiring actress be? According to the New ", "It would be only a slight exaggeration to call Survivor's latest boot-ee,  Jerri Manthey , the most hated person in America, so how popular would a nude photo spread of the aspiring actress be? According to the New ", "It would be only a slight exaggeration to call Survivor's latest boot-ee,  Jerri Manthey , the most hated person in America, so how popular would a nude photo spread of the aspiring actress be? According to the New ", "23-year-old footwear designer from Boston. She's already looking tribal in her CBS photo, with a head scarf and beads.  Jerri Manthey : A 30-year-old actor from Los Angeles. She bartends while waiting for her big acting break and, as a regular ", "23-year-old footwear designer from Boston. She's already looking tribal in her CBS photo, with a head scarf and beads.  Jerri Manthey : A 30-year-old actor from Los Angeles. She bartends while waiting for her big acting break and, as a regular ", "23-year-old footwear designer from Boston. She's already looking tribal in her CBS photo, with a head scarf and beads.  Jerri Manthey : A 30-year-old actor from Los Angeles. She bartends while waiting for her big acting break and, as a regular "]