['If you think that baby boomers are just looking to reach retirement, you may want to think again. New research has found that baby boomers are more entrepreneurial a...', 'If you think that baby boomers are just looking to reach retirement, you may want to think again. New research has found that baby boomers are more entrepreneurial a...', "Call them the junior boomers. They are baby boomers, certainly. But they didn't come of age in the 1960s. Some weren't even born when that decade began.Junior boomer...", 'The budget deficit for the current year is projected to come in well below what was estimated just a few months ago, a development that could further curb the alread...', 'Wall Street Journal economics reporter Ben Casselman says Americans are becoming more risk-averse when it comes to business.', "It doesn't matter how you look at it: The headlines on the future of Social Security are scary:For the first time in history, in 2010 Social Security paid out more m...", "Here's a reality check for health-conscious baby boomers: Even among those in good shape, at least 1 in 3 will eventually develop heart problems or have a stroke.The...", 'Homebuyers Want Price, Condition, LocationHomebuyers in 2012 have some advantages over prospective buyers in other years: low interest rates and low home prices in m...', 'If you decided on a new career path today, wouldnt you like to know which jobs will be in high demand and pay the most once you were out of school? To serve as a gui...', 'The signature legislation of the Obama Administration, the Affordable Care Act, came under damaging assault Wednesday from a Kaiser Family Foundation survey that fou...', 'The Boomer is a column written for adults nearing retirement age and those already in their golden years. It will also promote reader interaction by posting e-mail r...', 'IHS chief U.S. economist Nigel Gault explains why student loan debt could impact the housing recovery and the baby boomer generation.', 'For the first time, health officials are proposing that all baby boomers get tested for hepatitis C.Anyone born from 1945 to 1965 should get a one-time blood test to...', 'Its no secret smoking and a heavily-Western diet can be detrimental to good health. More often than not, these practices are associated with lung cancer and heart di...', 'Retirement saving is often discussed as a problem for Americans, but the severity of the problem varies greatly from one age group to the next. The bad news is that ...']