["offspring to follow in her mom's footsteps. Others before her include Georgia May Jagger, daughter of former model  Jerry Hall  and Mick Jagger; Bria Murphy, daughter of model Nicole Murphy and her ex-husband Eddie Murphy; and plus-size model ", 'Sounds like it might just be a cheap shot, belated revenge for the betrayal. Jagger\'s ex, the Texan runway goddess  Jerry Hall , sprung to his defense on BBC radio. "Mick is very well endowed and I should know because I was with him 23 years ', "CLICK HERE to see Angelina Jolie's style file at Vogue.com . 16. GEORGIA MAY JAGGER With access to her mother,  Jerry Hall 's, sizeable wardrobe and a penchant for Vivienne Westwood dresses - the BFA's Model of the Year, Georgia Jagger ", 'also deaf. But "Missing Top Model" mentor Jonathan Phang, a former agent whose past clients include Naomi Campbell,  Jerry Hall  and "America\'s Next Top Model" host Tyra Banks, said the only thing holding back the show\'s contestants is the ', 'Raphael Enthoven, with whom she has a son, and the marriage of rocker Mick Jagger and his ex-wife, former model  Jerry Hall . Bruni-Sarkozy denies both claims, explaining that Enthoven was already divorcing when they dated, and stating that ', 'Raphael Enthoven, with whom she has a son, and the marriage of rocker Mick Jagger and his ex-wife, former model  Jerry Hall . Bruni-Sarkozy denies both claims, explaining that Enthoven was already divorcing when they dated, and stating that ', 'I hope the children are not the losers." On the level of Paul McCartney versus Heather Mills and Mick Jagger versus  Jerry Hall , the Sheen-Richards headlines have run the gamut from sad to malicious to just plain weird. Sheen accused Richards ', "wouldn't be the only nonsingle star to break the bonds of monogamy and share her bed with someone other than her partner.  Jerry Hall  put up with Mick Jagger's reportedly rampant infidelity throughout their nine-year marriage, until it was revealed ", 'debuting on VH1 at the end of May. In "Kept," a group of 20-something American men will compete to become an escort to  Jerry Hall , 48, for the next year. Hall was famously married to rocker Mick Jagger, with whom she had four children. The oldest ', 'The court ordered him to pay a whopping $35,000 a month for their son he had with Morad. When his second wife,  Jerry Hall , sued him for divorce on the grounds of "multiple infidelities," he argued their marriage vows in a 1990 Hindu ceremony ', 'The court ordered him to pay a whopping $35,000 a month for their son he had with Morad. When his second wife,  Jerry Hall , sued him for divorce on the grounds of "multiple infidelities," he argued their marriage vows in a 1990 Hindu ceremony ', 'embraced alternative lifestyles including liaisons with much younger women some during his 20-year relationship with model  Jerry Hall , mother of four of his seven children. "In our society, we\'re supposed to be monogamous, but we\'re not," he ', 'mouse cells, allowed scientists to create stem cells without using embryos. Researchers, led by stem cell biologist  Jerry Hall  at the Institute for Reproductive Medicine and Genetics in Los Angeles, announced their discovery today at the annual ', 'recovered another body leaving at least nineteen people on accounted for. Among the missing Minnesota Koppel Barbara and  Jerry Hall  their son and daughter were here on the earlier today. Meeting with the CEO of the company that owns can And he could ', 'nineteen people on accounted for. Among the missing Minnesota Koppel Barbara and Jerry Hall their son and daughter were here on the -- earlier today. Meeting with the CEO of the company that owns -- can ', "that she will never. She's got to find some very ugly error not a pretty not as interesting not as exciting as is  Jerry Hall . If she picked Heather somebody on that level then I would have respect Albert G dot net.", 'not a pretty not as interesting not as exciting as -- is Jerry Hall . If she picked Heather -- somebody on that level then I would have respect -- Albert G dot net. ', "holidays tend to have more money and so they also do. Do fun things there's the case of have Mick Jagger he claims. When  Jerry Hall  divorced him for allegedly fathering a woman he claim that their marriage had been legally binding Hindu wedding. In ", "things there's the -- case of have Mick Jagger he claims. When Jerry Hall divorced him for allegedly fathering -- a woman he claim that their marriage had been legally binding Hindu wedding. In -- And "]