["about. Your children and you care about your family and and that's really when it comes down to idea that. All right  Jessica Alba  and indeed eager to us thank you for being here and that's good luck good luck working this issue. Forget prime mister ", "that's really when it comes down to -- idea that. All right Jessica Alba and indeed eager to us thank you for being here and that's good luck good luck working this issue. Forget prime mister ", "She's one of Hollywood's most Indian and beautiful actresses. But protect the Powell not motherhood is most important role taking one step further and co founding the honest company it's safe affordable and environmentally friendly and the product. And we are thrilled to have her here I kept and he", "look at whappens before the cameras flash. Reporter: It is the night of fashion's super bowl. The met ball. And  jessica alba  is putting the finishing touches on her red carpet outfit. I look it better. Those are really cool. Reporter: Countless ", "It is the night of fashion's super bowl. The met ball. And jessica alba is putting the finishing touches on her red carpet outfit. I look it better. Those are really cool. Reporter: Countless accessories are ", 'weekend, the latest issue of "us weekly" is celebrating the hottest bods and giving us their secrets. Actress and mom  jessica alba  sticks to organic food, mostly fruits and vegetables. It\'s done. Reporter: Kerry washington says her fitness routine ', "celebrating the hottest bods and giving us their secrets. Actress and mom jessica alba sticks to organic food, mostly fruits and vegetables. It's done. Reporter: Kerry washington says her fitness routine is hardly a scandal. Constantly ", "in the country EEI you need one yeah nobody around now if you get in it's unfortunate that at some lighter here.  Jessica Alba  apparently lost all that weight when her second baby born he By wearing double corset look how hot she liked and that ", "you get in -- it's unfortunate that at some lighter -- here. Jessica Alba apparently lost all that -- weight when her second baby born he -- By wearing -- double corset look how hot she ", "She's routinely seen rocking the red carpet, and making a splash with her enviablephysique. Now,  jessica alba , actress, author, entrepreneur and mother of two, is revealing how she got her beach body back after giving birth to her two ", 'rocking the red carpet, and making a splash with her enviablephysique. Now, jessica alba , actress, author, entrepreneur and mother of two, is revealing how she got her beach body back after giving birth to her two ', "when she. Had her children she was so obsessed with losing she's looking celebrity magazines and they're saying  Jessica Alba  and all these celeb moms. They just lose weight breastfeeding and reading to their kids and she's like you know what ", "with losing -- she's looking -- -- celebrity magazines and they're saying Jessica Alba and all these celeb moms. They just lose weight -- breastfeeding and reading to their kids and she's like you know what ", 'Jessica Alba , Katy Perry and Kim Kardashian share their secrets for staying fit.', 'you think about them all the time. When you look in the mirror, you say, why don\'t I look like jennifer lopez,  jessica alba ? Reporter: As the former editor of "us weekly," janice helped give birth to the mom-shell with the glossy body ', 'in the mirror, you say, why don\'t I look like jennifer lopez, jessica alba ? Reporter: As the former editor of "us weekly," janice helped give birth to the mom-shell with the glossy body after baby spreads. ', 'the news that pop this is morning. How many perfect pumpkin pictures can the papzi pick. Ladies and gentlemen,  jessica alba , hilary duff, and halle berry have been spotted at a round of pumpkin picking. Alba and her 4-year-old daughter ', 'How many perfect pumpkin pictures can the papzi pick. Ladies and gentlemen, jessica alba , hilary duff, and halle berry have been spotted at a round of pumpkin picking. Alba and her 4-year-old daughter were face painting. ', "holiday and New York talk about babies carried up that we agreed and I could just ask she's pregnant. Cash Warren and  Jessica Alba  who knew like so much staying Saturday evening and TE congratulations. Without He would be doing big sister Alice Adams ", "agreed -- and I could just ask she's pregnant. Cash Warren and Jessica Alba who knew like so much staying -- Saturday evening -- -- and TE congratulations. Without He would be doing big sister Alice ", "all the ladies were. Very very time in the last night and and so these are Smart gals lea Michelle and the stone at.  Jessica Alba  also happened big events like it was it was I'm not a woman of style. He didn't like Lara fiance is bouncing baby ", "and so these are Smart gals lea Michelle and the stone at. Jessica Alba also happened big events like it was -- -- it was -- I'm not a woman of style. He didn't like Lara ", "stars turned out last night for the debut of the line in New York City. We're talking about celebs like Blake lively  Jessica Alba  and Uma Thurmond making an eyes and prince were also there performing. The goal of the line is to take iconic Versace ", "line in New York City. We're talking about celebs like Blake lively Jessica Alba and Uma Thurmond making an eyes and prince were also there performing. The goal of the line is to take iconic Versace ", "the cost. Over the for the event and at least we'll that I won't Minnesota. He even got celebs like the nine's  Jessica Alba  Jennifer Hudson Something like this it's so amazing because it. Today every day person. That opportunity to meet ", "that I won't Minnesota. He even got celebs like -- the nine's Jessica Alba Jennifer Hudson -- Something like this it's so amazing because it. Today every day person. That opportunity to meet some -- -- ", "way to celebrate with the biggest baby shower ever.  Jessica Alba  TM our Susan Lucci among the guests at this huge event style. Here's represents as a person in your identity  Jessica Alba  promoted her home delivery eco friendly from the honest ", 'what better way to celebrate -- with the biggest baby shower ever. Jessica Alba TM our Susan Lucci among the guests at this huge event aimed to celebrate. And educate. Posted by big city -- the ', "style. Here's -- represents -- -- as a person in your identity Jessica Alba promoted her home delivery eco friendly -- -- from the honest company. Moms and more than when needed that's right we have ", "and he built of his celebrity client styling business from one client to a client list that includes a blisters like  Jessica Alba . To Lauren emaciated Jones and now he has a new memoir called born to be Brad. We're going to talk to in just a ", "from one client to a client list that includes a blisters like Jessica Alba . To -- Lauren emaciated Jones and now he has a new memoir called born to be Brad. We're going to talk to ", "Globes I thought of hair at the is I'm gonna go for three Spencer isn't the only aim vote stars from what drove to  Jessica Alba  and millions of everyday women on the go our fans. But Blakely says she owes her billion dollar invention to another ", 'only aim -- vote -- stars from what -- -- drove to Jessica Alba and millions of everyday women on the go our fans. But Blakely says she owes her billion dollar invention to another female ', "talked about with Charlize. And and I think can see in the second but that you know very kind of soft there we go and  Jessica Alba . I'm just really really not a lot of color but the fit detail made it so glamorous feel beautiful kick back and just ", "that you know very kind of soft there we go -- and Jessica Alba . I'm just really really not a lot of color but the fit -- -- detail made it so glamorous feel beautiful kick "]