['Former intelligence worker Edward Snowden, 29, revealed himself as the source of documents outlining a massive effort by the NSA to track cell phone calls and monitor the e-mail and Internet traffic of virtually all Americans. He says he just wanted the public to know what the government was doing. "Even if you\'re not doing anything wrong, you\'re being watched and recorded," he said. While he has not been charged, the FBI is conducting an investigation into the leaks.', "Military analyst Daniel Ellsberg leaked the 7,000-page Pentagon Papers in 1971. The top-secret documents revealed that senior American leaders, including three presidents, knew the Vietnam War was an unwinnable, tragic quagmire. Further, they showed that the government had lied to Congress and the public about the progress of the war. Ellsberg surrendered to authorities and was charged as a spy. During his trial, the court learned that President Richard Nixon's administration had embarked on a campaign to discredit Ellsberg, illegally wiretapping him and breaking into his psychiatrist's office. All charges against him were dropped. Since then he has lived a relatively quiet life as a respected author and lecturer.", "Starting in 1932, the U.S. Public Health Service studied untreated syphilis in black men who thought they were getting free health care. The patients weren't told of their affliction or sufficiently treated. Peter Buxtun, who worked for the Public Health Service, relayed information about the Tuskegee syphilis experiment to a reporter in 1972, which halted the 40-year study. His testimony at congressional hearings led to an overhaul of the Health, Education and Welfare rules concerning work with human subjects. A class-action lawsuit was settled out-of-court for $10 million, with the U.S. government promising free medical care to survivors and their families. Here, participants talk with a study coordinator.", 'In 2005, retired deputy FBI director Mark Felt revealed himself to be the whistle-blower "Deep Throat" in the Watergate scandal. He anonymously assisted Washington Post reporters Carl Bernstein and Bob Woodward with many of their stories about the Nixon administration\'s cover-up after the June 1972 break-in at the Democratic National Committee headquarters. The stories sparked a congressional investigation that eventually led to President Nixon\'s resignation in 1974. The Post won a Pulitzer Prize for its coverage. Felt was convicted on unrelated conspiracy charges in 1980 and eventually pardoned by President Ronald Reagan before slipping into obscurity for the next quarter-century. He died in 2008 at age 95.', "Mordechai Vanunu, who worked as a technician at Israel's nuclear research facility, leaked information to a British newspaper and led nuclear arms analysts to conclude that Israel possessed a stockpile of nuclear weapons. Israel has neither confirmed nor denied its weapons program. An Israeli court convicted Vanunu in 1986 after Israeli intelligence agents captured him in Italy. He was sentenced to 18 years in prison. Since his release in 2004, he has been arrested on a number of occasions for violating terms of his parole.", "President Ronald Reagan addresses the media in 1987, months after the disclosure of the Iran-Contra affair. A secret operation carried out by an American military officer used proceeds from weapons sales to Iran to fund the anti-communist Contras in Nicaragua and attempted to secure the release of U.S. hostages held by Iran-backed Hezbollah in Lebanon. Mehdi Hashemi, an officer of Iran's Islamic Revolutionary Guards Corps, leaked evidence of the deal to a Lebanese newspaper in 1986. Reagan's closest aides maintain he did not fully know, and only reluctantly came to accept, the circumstances of the operation.", 'Tobacco industry executive Jeffrey Wigand issued a memo to his company in 1992 about his concerns regarding tobacco additives. He was fired in March 1993 and subsequently contacted by "60 Minutes" and persuaded to tell his story on CBS. He claimed that Brown & Williamson knowingly used additives that were carcinogenic and addictive and spent millions covering it up. He also testified in a landmark case in Mississippi that resulted in a $246 billion settlement from the tobacco industry. Wigand has received public recognition for his actions and continues to crusade against Big Tobacco. He was portrayed by Russell Crowe in the 1999 film "The Insider."', 'For 10 years, Frederic Whitehurst complained mostly in vain about practices at the FBI\'s world-renowned crime lab, where he worked. His efforts eventually led to a 1997 investigation that found lab agents produced inaccurate and scientifically flawed testimony in major cases, including the Oklahoma City and World Trade Center bombings. The Justice Department recommended major reforms but also criticized Whitehurst for "overstated and incendiary" allegations. He also faced disciplinary action for refusing to cooperate with an investigation into how some of his allegations were leaked to a magazine. After a yearlong paid suspension he left the bureau in 1998 with a settlement worth more than $1.16 million.', "FBI whistle-blower Coleen Rowley accused the bureau of hindering efforts to investigate a suspected terrorist that could have disrupted plans for the September 11, 2001, terror attacks. In 2002 she fired off a 13-page letter to FBI Director Robert Mueller and flew to Washington to hand-deliver copies to two members of the Senate Intelligence Committee and meet with committee staffers. The letter accused the bureau of deliberately undermining requests to look into Zacarias Moussaoui, the only person convicted in the United States of playing a role in the attacks. She testified in front of Congress and the 9/11 Commission about the FBI's mishandling of information. Rowley was selected as one of Time magazine's People of the Year in 2002, along with whistle-blowers Sherron Watkins of Enron and Cynthia Cooper of WorldCom.", "Sherron Watkins, a former vice president at Enron, sent an anonymous letter to founder Kenneth Lay in 2001 warning him the company had accounting irregularities. The memo eventually reached the public and she later testified before Congress about her concerns and the company's wrongdoings. More than 4,000 Enron employees lost their jobs, and many also lost their life savings, when the energy giant declared bankruptcy in 2001. Investors lost billions of dollars. An investigation in 2002 found that Enron executives reaped millions of dollars from off-the-books partnerships and violated basic rules of accounting and ethics. Many were sentenced to prison for their roles in the Enron scandal.", 'Cynthia Cooper and her team of auditors uncovered massive fraud at WorldCom in 2002. They found that the long-distance telephone provider had used $3.8 billion in questionable accounting entries to inflate earnings over the past five quarters. By the end of 2003, the total fraud was estimated to be $11 billion. The company filed for bankruptcy protection and five executives ended up in prison. Cooper started her own consulting firm and told her story in the book "Extraordinary Circumstances: The Journey of a Corporate Whistleblower."', 'In 2003, federal air marshal Robert MacLean anonymously tipped off an MSNBC reporter that because of budget concerns, the TSA was temporarily suspending missions that would require marshals to stay in hotels just days after they were briefed about a new "potential plot" to hijack U.S. airliners. The news caused an immediate uproar on Capitol Hill and the TSA retreated, withdrawing the scheduling cuts before they went into effect. MacLean was later investigated and fired for the unauthorized disclosure of "sensitive security information."', 'The New York Times reported in 2005 that in the months after the September 11, 2001, attacks, President George W. Bush authorized the U.S. National Security Agency to eavesdrop without a court warrant on people in the United States, including American citizens, suspected of communicating with al Qaeda members overseas. The Bush administration staunchly defended the controversial surveillance program. Russ Tice, an NSA insider, came forward as one of the anonymous sources used by the Times. He said he was concerned about alleged abuses and a lack of oversight. Here, President Bush participates in a conversation about the Patriot Act in Buffalo, New York, in April 2004.', 'Army Pfc. Bradley Manning is accused in the largest leak of classified documents in U.S. history. His court-martial began on June 3. He has pleaded guilty to 10 of 22 charges against him and could face up to two decades in jail. He has pleaded not guilty to the most serious charge - that of aiding U.S. enemies, which carries the potential for a life sentence. At a February proceeding, Manning read a statement detailing why and how he sent classified material in 2010 to WikiLeaks, a group that facilitates the anonymous leaking of secret information.', "NEW: Snowden compares his case to Assange, argues he wouldn't get a fair trial in the U.S.", '(CNN) -- Venezuela says it has extended an offer of asylum to Edward Snowden, but it has not heard back from him.', 'The nation has not had any communication with Snowden and is waiting to see whether he accepts its offer, Foreign Affairs Minister Elias Jaua told state television Saturday.', '"We would also secondly have to get in touch with the government from the Russian Federation where he is, since he is there -- and obviously not in Venezuelan territory -- to see their thoughts on it," Jaua said.', "Venezuela is one of three left-leaning Latin American nations that, to varying degrees, have said they'd welcome the U.S. intelligence leaker. The others are Bolivia, which has offered asylum, and Nicaragua, which said it would consider it.", "Snowden remains a man without a country two weeks after arriving at Moscow's Sheremetyevo International Airport.", 'Wanted by the United States, he had faced a string of rejections to asylum requests to numerous countries. The Latin American countries were the first to respond in the positive.', 'Bolivian President Evo Morales, who became part of the saga when his presidential plane was denied permission to enter the airspace of several European countries amid a rumor about Snowden, said his country is "willing to give asylum."', 'Nicaraguan President Daniel Ortega said he would grant Snowden asylum in his country "if the circumstances permit."', 'The asylum offers could provide Snowden a chance to evade U.S. authorities, though it is unclear how he would get to Venezuela or the other countries.', 'In his asylum request to Nicaragua, Snowden argued that he had exposed serious violations of the U.S. Constitution when he revealed details about U.S. surveillance programs. He compared his case to Ecuador\'s granting of asylum to WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange, arguing that there is already an "international precedent for providing asylum to figures in my circumstances." And he said the ongoing trial of Pfc. Bradley Manning shows what could happen to him if he returns to the United States.', '"It is unlikely I would receive a fair trial and proper treatment prior to that trial, and face the possibility of life in prison and even death," he wrote, according to a copy of the letter published by Nicaraguan state media on Sunday.', "Snowden's exit from Russia would provide relief to authorities there, who appeared weary of the American's presence at the airport.", 'Alexei Pushkov, head of the lower Russian legislative body, the Duma, recommended Snowden leave the airport, where he has been holed up since June 23, when he arrived from Hong Kong.', '"Sanctuary for Snowden in Venezuela would be the best solution," Pushkov tweeted Saturday. "He can\'t live in at Sheremetyevo."', 'Meanwhile, an Icelandic lawmaker said Snowden would not get citizenship there, as he had requested, because parliament declined to vote on an asylum proposal before ending its current session.', "Birgitta Jonsdottir was among a handful of lawmakers who put forward a bill Thursday urging parliament to process Snowden's request. She said Friday that the speaker of the house refused to put the bill on the agenda and the majority in parliament declined to allow a voice vote on it.", '"So it is with great grief I have to announce that Snowden will not be getting any form of shelter in Iceland because the current government doesn\'t even have enough spine for the parliament to discuss Snowden\'s request," Jonsdottir wrote on her blog.', 'She praised Snowden, who has acknowledged leaking classified documents about U.S. surveillance programs and faces espionage charges in the United States. Besides Iceland, he has applied for asylum in 20 other countries.', "Bolivia's position on asylum follows outrage by its president over his sidetracked trip from Russia last week.", "Several European countries refused to allow Morales' plane through their airspace Tuesday because of suspicions Snowden was aboard. With no clear path home available, the flight crew made an emergency landing in Vienna, Austria, where authorities confirmed Snowden was not a passenger.", 'Bolivia\'s asylum offer is a "fair protest" to the incident, which involved Portugal, Italy, France and Spain, Morales said. Spain has said it did not restrict its airspace during that flight.', '"Message to the Americans: The empire and its servants will never be able to intimidate or scare us," Morales told supporters at El Alto International Airport outside La Paz, where he arrived late Wednesday. "European countries need to liberate themselves from the imperialism of the Americans."', 'Morales said officials should analyze whether to shut the U.S. Embassy in his country.', '"Without the United States," he said, "we are better politically and democratically."', "Ecuadorian President Rafael Correa joined Morales in criticizing the United States' role in the situation. Venezuela's Nicolas Maduro blamed the CIA for pressuring the European governments to refuse to grant the plane passage.", "CNN's Catherine E. Shoichet, Melissa Gray and Ed Payne contributed to this report.", "He's a high-school dropout who worked his way into the most secretive computers in U.S. intelligence as a defense contractor. ", "U.S. intelligence leaker Edward Snowden is grounded in Moscow's airport, but his future is up in the air. ", "Fear not, Snowden's temporary home has an extensive selection of cafes, shopping outlets, business lounges and smoking rooms.", "Follow Snowden's movements and aslyum requests across the globe via our interactive.", 'President Barack Obama responds to outrage by European leaders over revelations of alleged U.S. spying.', 'Edward Snowden took a job with an NSA contractor in order to gather evidence about U.S. surveillance programs.', "Is Edward Snowden a hero, a traitor or something in between? Here's a glance at your opinions about the NSA leaker.", 'With reports of NSA snooping, many people have started wondering about their personl internet security.', 'Click through our gallery to learn about other major leaks and what happened in the aftermath.', "What really goes on inside America's most secretive agency? CNN's Chris Lawrence reports."]