['Governor\'s Ball at the Oscars [a few weeks later] and we went running to each other."  Jessica Chastain , Cannes Film Festival 2011 When Oscar nominee  Jessica Chastain  shot to the A-list for her role in "Tree of Life," she was wore a Posen dress ', 'to see a list of the actresses besides Mulligan rumored to play Hillary Rodham Clinton.  Jessica Chastain  No stranger to political dramas,  Jessica Chastain , who received a best actress Oscar nod for her role as a CIA analyst who helps capture ', 'has attracted a bevy of actresses interested in playing the 26-year old Clinton, including Amanda Seyfried,  Jessica Chastain , Reese Witherspoon and Scarlett Johansson. "They\'re all wonderful actresses. We\'re very fortunate that a lot ', "the former secretary of state and first lady include Scarlett Johansson, Reese Witherspoon, Amanda Seyfried and  Jessica Chastain . The film will focus on Clinton's early years as a Washington lawyer in 1974, with an amazing future ahead ", 'has attracted a bevy of actresses interested in playing the 26-year old Clinton, including Amanda Seyfried,  Jessica Chastain , Reese Witherspoon and Scarlett Johansson. "They\'re all wonderful actresses. We\'re very fortunate that a lot ', 'Quvenzhane Wallis, Beasts of the Southern Wild Rebel Wilson, Pitch Perfect Best Scared-As-S**T Performance  Jessica Chastain , Zero Dark Thirty Alexandra Daddario, Texas Chainsaw 3D Martin Freeman, The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey Jennifer ', 'Affleck\'s character\'s sighing relief on a plane with his rescued charges out of Tehran, "Zero Dark Thirty" ends with  Jessica Chastain \'s character alone, weeping, and presumably wondering what to do next. That seems a bit like U.S. foreign ', 'get some laughs at the expense of Ben Affleck and  Jessica Chastain . On Affleck\'s facial hair: "The first time I the Kardashians have made the jump to film." On  Jessica Chastain \'s character in "Zero Dark Thirty" -- a movie ', 'on the red carpet at the Oscars was so high, it seemed like you could\'ve lit the Dolby Theatre with it. From  Jessica Chastain , who\'s up for Best Actress for her role in "Zero Dark Thirty," to Eddie Redmayne from "Les Miserables" to ', "Sunday's Oscars, the race for Best Actress is much tighter. The category includes two-time Academy Award nominees  Jessica Chastain , Jennifer Lawrence and Naomi Watts, 85-year-old Emmanuelle Riva and 9-year-old Quvenzahne Wallis, who ", 'is best dressed. Stars like Jennifer Lawrence ,  Jessica Chastain  , Anne Hathaway and Kerry Washington are sized up to catch Osama Bin Laden in "Zero Dark Thirty,"  Jessica Chastain , 35, has hit the awards circuit this year in vibrant ', 'much-awarded film her family. She said she texts or talks with Viola Davis, Emma Stone, Bryce Dallas Howard,  Jessica Chastain , and the rest of the stars "every other day." "We\'re all in contact," she said. "We just did a surprise ', 'everyone who feels like there wasn\'t a place for her," she said. "This show made a space for me."  Jessica Chastain Jessica Chastain  won the Globe for best actress in a drama for "Zero Dark Thirty." She offered a moving tribute to director ', "You'll notice these dealt panels and while we use on the to. But it can hide so It's between what we really need this born in Libya mean you know he's anti virtually nonexistent. There two narratives. About the location of been caught. The one that your most familiar with is that you hiding in cave", 'Actress discusses playing the CIA agent who fueled decade-long hunt for infamous terrorist.', 'nomination from "the help" last year. Now, you see her transformed INTO A 1930s GUN MALL. She\'s gone "lawless."  Jessica chastain . And if they haven\'t seen you yet, they will be fans of this film, "lawless." It is riveting. Thank you ', 'you see her transformed INTO A 1930s GUN MALL. She\'s gone "lawless." Jessica chastain . And if they haven\'t seen you yet, they will be fans of this film, "lawless." It is riveting. Thank you. I think ', "Jessica just paid tribute to zero dark thirty director while accepting her best in the drama award check out Thank you so much so the Hollywood foreign press association of us who work. I wanted to be at an actor since I was little girl and I've worked for a really long time. addition and struggled", 'Not leo. Leo was the best part for me. Now, other actresses mentioned for the role include scarlet johann san,  jessica chastain  and emma stone. You like scarlett and you like jessica -- how do you feel? It looks like it could be her. Kate ', 'me. Now, other actresses mentioned for the role include scarlet johann san, jessica chastain and emma stone. You like scarlett and you like jessica -- how do you feel? It looks like it could be her. ', 'night stars like sofia vergara looks incredible in emerald green, kerry washington, my girl, yummy in yellow and  jessica chastain  glamorous all on hand to celebrate the designer who kept them looking lovely. Hillary clinton got a standing "o ', 'incredible in emerald green, kerry washington, my girl, yummy in yellow and jessica chastain glamorous all on hand to celebrate the designer who kept them looking lovely. Hillary clinton got a standing "o" when she got ', "hill during watergate considering these lady, scarlett johansson, witt spoon, amanda seyfried. Did I do it and  jessica chastain . They could all do it. Yeah. Leaning toward any. You cast -- george, you cast. Of those? Well, I don't ", "lady, scarlett johansson, witt spoon, amanda seyfried. Did I do it and jessica chastain . They could all do it. Yeah. Leaning toward any. You cast -- george, you cast. Of those? Well, I don't know. On "]