['A. Confidential" now, the movie that scored her an Oscar, but Bond buffs can say they knew her way back when.  Michelle Yeoh  Yeoh\'s Bond alter-ego, Colonel Wai Lin, wasn\'t just eye-candy -- she was a huge asset to Pierce Brosnan\'s ', "Secretary Hillary Clinton Mixes Hollywood and Politics at Screening of New Film 'The Lady'", "Hollywood movie based on the life of Burma democracy activist Aung San Suu Kyi. Clinton thanked the film's star  Michelle Yeoh  and director Luc Besson Monday for managing to get her a copy of the movie to watch ahead of her historic trip to Myanmar ", 'at the U.N. to help focus attention on the issue.  Michelle Yeoh , the Chinese actress best known to Western audiences American Public Health Association, Washington, D.C.;  Michelle Yeoh , actress; Daniel Vocelle, Make Roads Safe campaign ', 'supposed to make you feel. The controversy here: The three Oscar-worthy actresses -- Ziyi Zhang, Gong Li and  Michelle Yeoh , -- are Chinese. Some Japanese are angry over the fact that Chinese actresses are portraying something so important ', 'archenemy, Blofeld. 15. Tomorrow Never Dies, (1997): with 2.8% of the vote. starring Pierce Brosnan as 007,  Michelle Yeoh  and Teri Hatcher as the "Bond Girls" and Jonathan Pryce as the megalomaniac villain. In this film, mad media mogul \'Jonathan ', "Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, is said to be in the works by director Ang Lee, focusing on the love story between  Michelle Yeoh  and Chow Yun-Fat's characters. Trainspotting Author Readies Sequel In other film franchise news, Scottish writer ", "Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, is said to be in the works by director Ang Lee, focusing on the love story between  Michelle Yeoh  and Chow Yun-Fat's characters. Trainspotting Author Readies Sequel In other film franchise news, Scottish writer ", "Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, is said to be in the works by director Ang Lee, focusing on the love story between  Michelle Yeoh  and Chow Yun-Fat's characters. Trainspotting Author Readies Sequel In other film franchise news, Scottish writer ", "Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, is said to be in the works by director Ang Lee, focusing on the love story between  Michelle Yeoh  and Chow Yun-Fat's characters. Trainspotting Author Readies Sequel In other film franchise news, Scottish writer ", "headbands were pure Roaring '20s, and it worked well for the perky actress. Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon star  Michelle Yeoh  shone in a black-and-gold sequined dress from Hong Kong designer Bonnie Chang, but she shimmied out of the 35-pound ", 'soon whisked away into a side entrance. "I was a little disappointed that Ang didn\'t get best director," said  Michelle Yeoh . "It was sort of a miracle that this happened. We hope that there will be a prequel, that was something Ang talked ', "headbands were pure Roaring '20s, and it worked well for the perky actress. Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon star  Michelle Yeoh  shone in a black-and-gold sequined dress from Hong Kong designer Bonnie Chang, but she shimmied out of the 35-pound ", 'soon whisked away into a side entrance. "I was a little disappointed that Ang didn\'t get best director," said  Michelle Yeoh . "It was sort of a miracle that this happened. We hope that there will be a prequel, that was something Ang talked ', "has one of seven million dollars in the last five he is playing high stakes are. Who do not show a martian with the  Michelle Yeoh  poker that's a story that was short one. He also has the distinction and losing the most money in a single hand ", "playing high stakes are. Who do not show a martian with the Michelle Yeoh poker -- -- -- -- -- that's a story that was short one. He also has the distinction and losing the most ", "but I think it's total mommy you know sex in the city times million it has. Saxton has money and had his clothes.  Michelle Yeoh  will heard about the book from her sister in law. She called me one night in a panic you have to get this book you're ", 'times -- million it has. Saxton has money and had his clothes. Michelle Yeoh will heard about the book from her sister in law. She called me one night in a panic you have to get ', 'anywhere you want it. Here now a taste able to get coming up in the body of the webcast the golden age of radio.  Michelle Yeoh  web site that lets you listen to all recordings of classic DJs from wolfman Jack. To Rush Limbaugh yes rush was once ', 'in the body of the webcast the golden age of radio. -- Michelle Yeoh web site that lets you listen to all recordings of classic DJs from wolfman Jack. To Rush Limbaugh yes rush -- was ']