['Engine shutdown may have started Canadian train disaster, railway says - CNN.com', 'Edward Burkhardt, CEO of Montreal, Maine & Atlantic Railways Inc., speaks on Wednesday, July 10, during a news conference. A train with 72 tanker cars carrying crude oil barreled down the track before derailing and exploding in Lac -Megantic, Quebec, on Saturday, July 6.', 'A police officer surveys the damage. At least 15 people were killed and another 45 remain missing after the weekend crash, authorities said. Those still missing are feared dead, possibly vaporized by the resulting inferno, according to some experts.', 'Residents leave a convenience store in a part of Lac Megantic that reopened on July 9.', 'Burned tanker cars are scattered on the tracks in Lac-Megantic, Quebec, on Monday, July 8.', 'Derailed rail cars sit in mud and oil in Lac-Megantic on July 8, in this handout image released by the Transportation Safety Board of Canada.', 'A man consoles a woman on July 8 at the Polyvalente Montignac, the school used as a shelter for evacuated Lac-Megantic residents.', 'Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper, second left, observes the site of the explosion on Sunday, July 7.', 'Firefighters continue to douse burning wreckage on July 7 in Lac-Megantic, Quebec.', 'People cry and hug each other on July 7 while they sit on the grass at the Polyvalente Montignac, the school sheltering the people who were forced to leave their houses.', 'Firefighters walk past a burnt out vehicle near the train derailment in Lac Megantic, Quebec, July 7.', 'Melted siding on a home is seen near the scene of a train derailment in Lac Megantic, Quebec, July 7.', 'Smoke billows from a fire at the site of a train derailment on Saturday, July 6.', 'Firefighters work to put out fires at the wreckage of the train in Lac-Megantic on July 6.', 'Smoke rises in the background as Quebec Premier Pauline Marois speaks to reporters in Lac-Megantic on July 6.', 'Engine shutdown, air brake release may have caused train derailment, rail company says', '(CNN) -- The company responsible for a runaway train that exploded in a small Canadian town Saturday said an engine shutdown may have released air brakes holding the train in place.', 'At least five people are dead and around 40 are unaccounted for in Lac-Megantic, Quebec, after a 73-car train carrying crude oil derailed and crashed, local law enforcement officials said. Tankers exploded, sending thick plumes of smoke into the night sky, leveling dozens of homes and buildings and forcing nearly 2,000 people from their homes.', 'The train had stopped for a crew change Friday night in a station about seven miles from Lac-Megantic, the Montreal, Maine & Atlantic Railway said in a statement. The train\'s engineer had "tied down" and checked into a motel.', '"One fact that has emerged is the locomotive of the oil train parked at Nantes station was shut down subsequent to the departure of the engineer who had handled the train from Farnham, which may have resulted in the release of air brakes on the locomotive that was holding the train in place," the company said in a statement, noting that it still didn\'t have "complete information."', 'The explosion devastated the small lakeside town, where firefighters were still working Sunday to contain hot spots so law enforcement could expand its investigation. Investigators with the Transportation Safety Board of Canada found the locomotive event recorder and planned to analyze it for information on throttle position and speed, among other data.', 'The burned bodies of the dead have been sent to Montreal for identification, but "we know that there will be many more" deaths, police spokesman Lt. Michel Brunet said Sunday.', 'Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper likened the town to a "war zone" after touring it Sunday.', '"There is not a family in this area that is not touched by this," he said in a press conference outside Polyvalente Montignac High School, the main staging area for recovery efforts.', '"A beautiful downtown here has been destroyed," he said. "There\'s going to be a need for substantial reconstruction."', 'Harper would not comment on specifics of the disaster except that he expected information "about why this occurred" to lead to a police investigation.', '"I\'ve heard things that concern me greatly," he said. "There will be investigations that will point to guilty or responsible people."', 'Witnesses told the CBC they heard five or six explosions. One person saw the first train tanker tip over and yelled "run, run!" as he dashed toward the lake for which the town is named. He told CBC the flames chased him to the edge of the water.', '"The fire was moving so quickly," he said. "We saw balls of fire shooting out onto the water."', 'One woman told CNN affiliate CTV she was working at a bar nearby and got off work an hour before the accident.', '"I have no news from my friends; I haven\'t heard from any of them," she told tearfully told CTV. "I can\'t say more than that. We\'re waiting for confirmation."', 'More than 17,000 people have joined a Facebook page to help people connect with their loved ones in the town. Locals and outsiders have posted desperate notes to try to figure out where their friends and family were on the night of the crash.', 'Some posts bring relief -- "Mom it is alisun and oceannie and rosaly we are all alive I love you," one reads in French.', 'Multiple posts ask about Guy Bolduc, a singer who was performing at Musi-Cafe in town.', '"All of his fans, all over Quebec, but also his fellow singers (of whom I am one) hope to see him again alive!!! Come on my GuyBol, come out of your hiding place," one member wrote.', "The group administrators ask that members not post about deaths until they're confirmed.", '"It\'s dreadful," Claude Bedard said. "It\'s terrible. The Metro store, Dollarama, everything that was there is gone."', 'Authorities evacuated more than a third of the town of 6,000 people, most from the center of the town and a home for the elderly.', 'As authorities worked to get more details, residents of the scenic town grappled with the loss.', '"It\'s like the town has been cut by a knife," Sgt. Gregory Gomez del Prado told the CBC.', "Resident Amanda Gabrielle said the train crashed on her birthday. She lost her dog, she's now homeless, and she doesn't have any family or friends.", '"I lost everything," Gabrielle told the CBC. "I don\'t know what\'s going to happen to me."', "CNN's Jonathan Mann, Joe Sterling, Pierre Meilhan, Darrell Calhoun, Jake Carpenter, Ben Brumfield, Dave Alsup and Deanna Hackney contributed to this report. ", 'This South Korean couple has spent many of the past 60 years believing the other was dead. In fact, he was held prisoner by the North. ', 'The world finally knows how to address the latest addition to the British royal family: HRH Prince George Alexander Louis of Cambridge.', 'Captured on tape: A train derailed and snapped in two as it hurtled around a curve in Spain, killing 80 people.', 'Sinkholes are devouring 20 million square meters of land on the northern Chinese plain, destroying homes and displacing families. ', 'Posters offering a reward for information about Nazis still living in Germany have been put up in three cities. ', "CNN's Ivan Watson is given rare access to the opening of a cemetery for war veterans in North Korea's capital. ", 'From laptops to cars, the products you take for granted are made using African minerals.', '"He\'s got her looks, thankfully," said Prince William. Check out the first photos of the long-awaited royal baby. ', 'George H.W. Bush shaves his head to support a two-year-old with leukemia whose father is part of the Secret Service.', "They've long been considered topics that aren't polite to discuss at the dinner table. And as it turns out, they're touchy on Wikipedia as well. "]