['Actress Stephanie March is 39. Country musician David Pichette (Emerson Drive) is 36. Rhythm-and-blues singer  Michelle Williams  is 33. Actor Paul Wesley is 31. Actor Daniel Radcliffe is 24. Country musician Neil Perry is 23. Thought for ', 'GO TO BED WITH MILEY CYRUS ON "JIMMY KIMMEL LIVE" AND WAKE UP WITH THE GLOBAL SUPERSTAR ON "GOOD MORNING AMERICA"', 'Garner, Jessica Biel, Justin Bieber, Jessica Simpson, Kate Beckinsale, Ben Stiller, Jonah Hill, Andy Samberg,  Michelle Williams , Zac Efron, Charlie Sheen, Chris Pine, Jeremy Renner, Jada Pinkett Smith, Josh Brolin, Russell Brand, Woody ', "5 Things You Don't Know About Michelle Williams'  Possible New Beau, Dustin Yellin", "Dustin Yellin has recently been spending time with  Michelle Williams , 32, but who is he? The Brooklyn-based artist, 37, has already shown that he's comfortable around children (after all ", '(Image Credit: Pacific Coast News)  Michelle Williams  split from Jason Segel in February , and it seems she might have moved on with artist Dustin Yellin. The star of "Oz: The Great ', 'SMXRF/Star Max/FilmMagic/Getty Images Canadian actor Kirby, 34, most recently played a romantic lead opposite  Michelle Williams  in "Take This Waltz." He can also be seen on the Sundance Channel show "Rectify." Holmes, the mother of 6-year-old ', "(Photo Credit: Neilson Barnard/Getty Images) Looks like she's not growing her hair out after all.  Michelle Williams  stepped out to a party Tuesday night celebrating stylist Kate Young, whose clothing line for Target hits stores ", 'A British magazine says it did not intend to offend anyone with its photo of  Michelle Williams  apparently dressed to resemble a Native American. In the black-and-white photo , one of several pictures from a shoot she ', 'Kansas. Diggs is not as lucky as he thinks when he meets three witches, played by Mila Kunis, Rachel Weisz and  Michelle Williams , who are not convinced that Diggs eventually will become the wizard. In this magical land, Diggs encounters good ', 'Michelle Williams  and Jason Segel have reportedly parted ways. (PacificCoastNews love," and added, "Jason is obsessed with Michelle." RELATED:  Michelle Williams \' Daughter Looks a Lot Like Heath Ledger', 'When  Michelle Williams  visited the set of " Good Morning America " recently, she was sporting a new, longer layered cut. After wearing her hair short ', 'Michelle Williams  stars in " Oz The Great and Powerful ," the new prequel to "The The Walt Disney Co. also owns ABC and this website. RELATED:  Michelle Williams : \'I\'m More Brave in My Work Than I Ever Would Be in My Life\'', "Beyonce Electrifies Super Bowl Audience Others have embraced the moment. Rubin Singer, who designed outfits for Bey,  Michelle Williams , and 120 backup dancers released a sketch showing his initial concept for B's leather and lace look. In a press ", 'love is like a dream come true," said Young in a statement. Young\'s celebrity clients include Natalie Portman,  Michelle Williams  and Rachel Weisz. She consults for designers Jason Wu and Derek Lam and was named the most powerful stylist last ', 'Speaking of "oz," so great to have one of its stars here in times square.  Michelle williams  plays glenda the good witch. We\'re happy to have  michelle williams  here. Michelle, thanks for being here. Thanks for having me. You have spoken ', "so great to have one of its stars here in times square. Michelle williams plays glenda the good witch. We're happy to have michelle williams here. Michelle, thanks for being here. Thanks for having me. You have spoken so warmly of your role. Saying you were so ", "Gentlemen this is my special addition. To introduce a woman who can and needs no introduction. I think Craig's actions on the first troops. It's true you have nothing and that the perfume. And I in England that's as sleeping nothing BI believes lab and Resume to The story describes America it's.", 'Actor "not surprised" by "Dawson\'s Creek" co-star\'s nod; watch Wed., 10 p.m. ET.', "Nick's life through song. To the next hour and the next chapter forcefully for a couple that is split the bill now  Michelle Williams  Jason sees both the only been together yeah they looked really happy together with a little The Tilden his book about ", 'next chapter forcefully for a couple that is split the bill now Michelle Williams Jason sees both the only been together yeah they looked really happy together -- -- -- with a little -- The Tilden ', "them the on the nicest way yeah. We got to pull us today but that's what made our guests from the big show first  Michelle Williams  Oz the great finally she is essential. I mean I'm left here yes it was fantastic mission associated issues like ", "today but that's what made our guests from the big show first Michelle Williams -- -- Oz the great finally she is essential. I mean I'm left here yes it was fantastic mission associated issues like "]