['Actress discusses playing the CIA agent who fueled decade-long hunt for infamous terrorist.', 'nomination from "the help" last year. Now, you see her transformed INTO A 1930s GUN MALL. She\'s gone "lawless."  Jessica chastain . And if they haven\'t seen you yet, they will be fans of this film, "lawless." It is riveting. Thank you ', 'you see her transformed INTO A 1930s GUN MALL. She\'s gone "lawless." Jessica chastain . And if they haven\'t seen you yet, they will be fans of this film, "lawless." It is riveting. Thank you. I think ', "Jessica just paid tribute to zero dark thirty director while accepting her best in the drama award check out Thank you so much so the Hollywood foreign press association of us who work. I wanted to be at an actor since I was little girl and I've worked for a really long time. addition and struggled", 'Not leo. Leo was the best part for me. Now, other actresses mentioned for the role include scarlet johann san,  jessica chastain  and emma stone. You like scarlett and you like jessica -- how do you feel? It looks like it could be her. Kate ', 'me. Now, other actresses mentioned for the role include scarlet johann san, jessica chastain and emma stone. You like scarlett and you like jessica -- how do you feel? It looks like it could be her. ', 'night stars like sofia vergara looks incredible in emerald green, kerry washington, my girl, yummy in yellow and  jessica chastain  glamorous all on hand to celebrate the designer who kept them looking lovely. Hillary clinton got a standing "o ', 'incredible in emerald green, kerry washington, my girl, yummy in yellow and jessica chastain glamorous all on hand to celebrate the designer who kept them looking lovely. Hillary clinton got a standing "o" when she got ', "hill during watergate considering these lady, scarlett johansson, witt spoon, amanda seyfried. Did I do it and  jessica chastain . They could all do it. Yeah. Leaning toward any. You cast -- george, you cast. Of those? Well, I don't ", "lady, scarlett johansson, witt spoon, amanda seyfried. Did I do it and jessica chastain . They could all do it. Yeah. Leaning toward any. You cast -- george, you cast. Of those? Well, I don't know. On ", 'I\'m so happy to be sitting here with  jessica chastain  and dan stevens. Both of whom are taking over the bright lights of broadway, hitting the stage in "the heiress," about an ', 'I\'m so happy to be sitting here with jessica chastain and dan stevens. Both of whom are taking over the bright lights of broadway, hitting the stage in "the heiress," about an ', "business in the front, party in the back. I'm 30. I feel 30 in this. It's a positive thing. Reporter: And  jessica chastain  under the heads. Metallics and beading were out in force. I like that it had a modern edge and a little bit of ", "30. I feel 30 in this. It's a positive thing. Reporter: And jessica chastain under the heads. Metallics and beading were out in force. I like that it had a modern edge and a little bit ", "the wrestler but what happens Jennifer Lawrence foods at all recently approved. In the rivalry about which always  Jessica Chastain  we saw your all of us noted fossil rim revealed few. Hillary's and Boys Don't Cry about of the group. Vanilla ", "all recently approved. In the rivalry about which always -- -- -- Jessica Chastain we saw your -- -- all of us noted fossil rim revealed few. Hillary's -- and Boys Don't Cry about of the ", 'there, too. Reporter: And what about that mov movie\'s star, jennifer lawrence. Odds have her even now with  jessica chastain  for best actress. But throw out the playbook. There is emmanuelle riva who had a stunning portrayal in "amour ', 'that mov movie\'s star, jennifer lawrence. Odds have her even now with jessica chastain for best actress. But throw out the playbook. There is emmanuelle riva who had a stunning portrayal in "amour." Reporter: Quvenzhane wallis ', 'touch the screen. Here\'s our next -- reba just -- I ask the questions first. Can I ask the question first?  Jessica chastain  is seen here. Nominated this year for "zero dark thirty" last year, she was nominated for a role in what film ', '-- I ask the questions first. Can I ask the question first? Jessica chastain is seen here. Nominated this year for "zero dark thirty" last year, she was nominated for a role in what film. the ', "everybody's favorite on the red carpet? I loved  jessica chastain  and kerry washington. A glamorous night. The look color of the s.A.G. Awards carpet had nothing on  jessica chastain , rocking THAT alexander McQueen. Keeping it dark ", "Who was everybody's favorite on the red carpet? I loved jessica chastain and kerry washington. A glamorous night. The look of the evening was sophisticated and sizzling. Stacy london will be here with her ", 'crowd. Reporter: The color of the s.A.G. Awards carpet had nothing on jessica chastain , rocking THAT alexander McQueen. Keeping it dark and dramatic were tina fey, amy poehler and busy philipps. And claire danes rocked it ', "globes on sunday night. We talked about them, the plunging necklines and braided hair. Yes, there were. And  jessica chastain . There she is. There she was. That was allison williams. And there's jennifer lawrence. And lucy liu also ", "about them, the plunging necklines and braided hair. Yes, there were. And jessica chastain . There she is. There she was. That was allison williams. And there's jennifer lawrence. And lucy liu also rocked braids. Can real ", 'It was their first outing as the hosts of the golden globes. A big night of big wins for adele, anne hathaway,  jessica chastain , and more. Take a look. Oh, my god! Reporter: It was all about leading ladies. Harvey. Thank you for killing ', 'golden globes. A big night of big wins for adele, anne hathaway, jessica chastain , and more. Take a look. Oh, my god! Reporter: It was all about leading ladies. Harvey. Thank you for killing whoever you ', "you're a mom? I'm a bit more ambition. Legacy. It's my first role, isn't it, being a mum? Reporter:  Jessica chastain 's dade? Her grandma. I'm so proud. Reporter: All in all, star-studded girl's night out. It's good ", "ambition. Legacy. It's my first role, isn't it, being a mum? Reporter: Jessica chastain's dade? Her grandma. I'm so proud. Reporter: All in all, star-studded girl's night out. It's good to be a girl. Great to ", 'my knowledge i never received any. Reporter: At the center of the drama was a young female cia officer played by  jessica chastain , the woman they called maya, rerelentlessly tracked leads that went straight to bin laden. Bin laden is there ', "center of the drama was a young female cia officer played by jessica chastain , the woman they called maya, rerelentlessly tracked leads that went straight to bin laden. Bin laden is there. And you're going to ", "laden story. At the center of this decade-long manhunt, a tough, young female cia officer played in the movie by  jessica chastain . I didn't even want to use you guys. I wanted to drop the bomb. I was blown away when i realized at the heart ", "manhunt, a tough, young female cia officer played in the movie by jessica chastain . I didn't even want to use you guys. I wanted to drop the bomb. I was blown away when i realized at ", "the everyman. The walt whitmans with guns. The first rock stars. Also in the film, what a cast, guy pierce,  jessica chastain . Gary oldman. Tom hardy. Jason clark. It's stacked all the way down. Not to continue name-dropping. Your ", "first rock stars. Also in the film, what a cast, guy pierce, jessica chastain . Gary oldman. Tom hardy. Jason clark. It's stacked all the way down. Not to continue name-dropping. Your next film is directed by "]