['The half-acre facility not only provides badly needed nutrition for residents, it also educates children about how to grow produce. ', 'Locals are trying to help themselves by creating areas which can build a more healthy environment. A former garbage dump has been cleared to make way for a new community garden. ', "Imagine living with this on your doorstep. Residents of Haiti's Cite Soleil slum endure shockingly bad sanitation with garbage clogging the district's sewer canals. ", "One man's trash is another man's green treasure. Hundreds of old tires have been used as plant pots along with other novel planting containers including toilet bowls and suitcases! ", 'A range of vegetables and herbs are grown in the garden including eggplant, radishes, basil and parsley. ', 'Daniel Tillias has led a team of volunteers who helped create the garden. "People get in mind that it\'s not possible to garden in Haiti -- the soil is no longer good, we don\'t have water. But you see we have accomplished something really amazing," he says.', 'Tillias says: "The whole point is first we want the kids to feel connected with what seems like nothing much, because this is something that would just float in the canal. We say: \'No! It could grow parsley,\'" ', '"I want (the children) to be able to eat, to make money out of the garden and to feel more peace through the garden. If I can see these three things happen, I would feel as if I had fulfilled my dream," Tillias says.', 'The garden was founded in 2011 and most of the produce is used for a soup kitchen. Any surplus is sold at market. ', 'Going Green is a series of special programs that air on CNN International reporting on some of the world\'s most pressing environmental issues. In July watch "Earth," a half-hour feature program with CNN Special Correspondent Philippe Cousteau. Follow him on Twitter.', "(CNN) -- Living amid the garbage-strewn sewage canals, residents of Haiti's Cite Soleil endure a grim battle for survival every single day.", 'The shantytown in the northern reaches of capital Port-au-Prince is one of the countries poorest areas, blighted by poor sanitation and violence.', "Shacks, on average, house nine people and around half the population earn less than $0.50 a day. It's little wonder then that life expectancy isn't much more than 50 years, according to the healthcare NGO, Haiti Clinic.", "But one man is hoping to challenge this statistic, planting the seeds of a healthier future for the district's 250,000 population by transforming a garbage dump into a vibrant urban garden.", '"Growing up in Cite Soleil we have the situation where people think it\'s somewhere nothing good can happen," says local resident Daniel Tillias.', '"But myself and some members of the community wanted to have something to turn it green and nothing could be better than a garden."', 'The results are extraordinary. Jaden Tap Tap (Tap Tap Garden) covers half-an-acre and is the largest urban garden in the country.', 'Teeming with plants and people planting and picking them, the garden is hugely popular with locals.', "Founded in 2011, the garden has an abundance of vegetables and herbs: eggplants, peppers, chard, radishes, potatoes, parsley, basil. It's a cornucopia of healthy green vegetables that rivals any community farm in the world.", '"People get in mind that it\'s not possible to garden in Haiti -- the soil is no longer good, we don\'t have water. But you see we have accomplished something really amazing," says Tillias.', 'Myself and some members of the community wanted to have something to turn it green and nothing could be better than a garden.Local resident Daniel Tillias', 'The bulk of the produce is used for the local soup kitchen providing much needed nutrition for the community. Whatever is left is sold at market.', "It's not just the plants which catch your eye, but also the recycled pots and containers.", 'Old tires, shoes, footballs are filled and planted. Even toilet bowls and old suitcases have been put to use.', '"We use whatever we can find. The whole point is first we want the kids to feel connected with what seems like nothing much, because this is something that would just float in the canal. We say: \'No! It could grow parsley,\'" Tillias says.', '"I want them to be able to eat, to make money out of the garden and to feel more peace through the garden. If I can see these three things happen, I would feel as if I had fulfilled my dream."', 'More than two million people are dying every year from the effects of outdoor air pollution, according to a new study. ', "What's better than fresh, locally grown fruits and vegetables? How about fresh, locally-grown, free fruits and vegetables, all within an easy walk of your home or office?", "Living amid the garbage-strewn sewage canals, residents of Haiti's Cite Soleil endure a grim battle for survival every single day. ", "In just 12 years Vietnam cut the country's malnutrition rate in half by investing in small scale farming. Now other countries are following suit.", 'We\'re all familiar with the phrase "waste not, want not," but how well are we applying these words today?', "Take a look into CNN Special Correspondent Philippe Costeau's photo diary of how Haiti can break a vicious cycle of deforestation.", "Philippe Cousteau recalls his grandfather's advice and asks how you'd like to look at the ocean in 10 years' time -- with regret or awe.", "We need to rebuild the ocean's abundance, variety and vitality. Without such action, our own future is bleak, say marine scientists.", "Getting water to every person on the planet can and should be done by 2030, argues WaterAid's Chief Executive Barbara Frost.", 'Oceans cover more than two-thirds of our planet producing half of the oxygen we breathe and helping regulate our climate. ', "Global warming has propelled Earth's climate from one of its coldest decades since the last ice age to one of its hottest -- in just one century.", 'Dressed in a wet suit, air tanks on his back is an image of Jacques Cousteau most people would recognize. But he was also an inventive genius.']