["the Destiny, unsure of how to control it or where it's whisking them. The intriguing cast includes Robert Carlyle,  Ming - Na , Lou Diamond Phillips and Alaina Huffman. And don't be shocked if some familiar old faces -- Richard Dean Anderson ", 'Daniel Dae Kim, B.D. Wong, and  Ming - Na  -- agreed to take part so they could has no Asian characters. Actress  Ming - Na , who plays an FBI agent on the new person." "We are a melting pot,"  Ming - Na  said. "We need to address it ', 'been in the business 20 years more than me -- like Sandra Oh, like Lucy Liu, who\'s been around a while now, like  Ming - Na  Wen -- actresses who have been around in the business much longer than me," said New York-based actress Ann Hu ', 'of cast exits by signing actress  Ming - Na  (Dr. Deb Chen) to an extra season.  Ming - Na  signed a deal worth an undisclosed leave the series in the coming year.  Ming - Na , who dropped her last name, Wen ', 'of cast exits by signing actress  Ming - Na  (Dr. Deb Chen) to an extra season.  Ming - Na  signed a deal worth an undisclosed leave the series in the coming year.  Ming - Na , who dropped her last name, Wen ', 'of cast exits by signing actress  Ming - Na  (Dr. Deb Chen) to an extra season.  Ming - Na  signed a deal worth an undisclosed leave the series in the coming year.  Ming - Na , who dropped her last name, Wen ', 'of cast exits by signing actress  Ming - Na  (Dr. Deb Chen) to an extra season.  Ming - Na  signed a deal worth an undisclosed leave the series in the coming year.  Ming - Na , who dropped her last name, Wen ', 'of cast exits by signing actress  Ming - Na  (Dr. Deb Chen) to an extra season.  Ming - Na  signed a deal worth an undisclosed leave the series in the coming year.  Ming - Na , who dropped her last name, Wen ', "Blondes. Taxis stop for them, men buy them drinks, and now moviegoers can't get enough of them either. You'd think it would almost be worth putting up with all of those jokes. Reese Witherspoon staked her claim to A-list status, boosting the MGM comedy Legally Blonde to the head of a crowded slate", "Blondes. Taxis stop for them, men buy them drinks, and now moviegoers can't get enough of them either. You'd think it would almost be worth putting up with all of those jokes. Reese Witherspoon staked her claim to A-list status, boosting the MGM comedy Legally Blonde to the head of a crowded slate", "Blondes. Taxis stop for them, men buy them drinks, and now moviegoers can't get enough of them either. You'd think it would almost be worth putting up with all of those jokes. Reese Witherspoon staked her claim to A-list status, boosting the MGM comedy Legally Blonde to the head of a crowded slate", "Blondes. Taxis stop for them, men buy them drinks, and now moviegoers can't get enough of them either. You'd think it would almost be worth putting up with all of those jokes. Reese Witherspoon staked her claim to A-list status, boosting the MGM comedy Legally Blonde to the head of a crowded slate", "Blondes. Taxis stop for them, men buy them drinks, and now moviegoers can't get enough of them either. You'd think it would almost be worth putting up with all of those jokes. Reese Witherspoon staked her claim to A-list status, boosting the MGM comedy Legally Blonde to the head of a crowded slate"]