['film roles include "The Good Guy" and "Dear John."  Minka Kelly  Following her breakout role as Jason\'s girlfriend Lyla Garrity,  Minka Kelly , 32, the only child of former Aerosmith guitarist Rick ', 'met her daughters and posed for a photo before they took off down the runway to Katy Perry\'s "California Girls."  Minka Kelly  strutted her stuff in Oscar de la Renta. Roselyn Sanchez boogied down the runway to Gloria Estefan\'s "Conga" in ', 'But despite feeling "betrayed" and "disappointed" by her ex, Simpson said, "I\'m just going to let that go."  Minka Kelly  Mayer dated the "Friday Night Lights" star on and off between 2007 and 2008. They officially broke it off in early ', 'But despite feeling "betrayed" and "disappointed" by her ex, Simpson said, "I\'m just going to let that go."  Minka Kelly  Mayer dated the "Friday Night Lights" star on and off between 2007 and 2008. They officially broke it off in early ', 'Getty Images  Minka Kelly  appears to be moving on from former beau Derek Jeter. The "Charlie\'s Angels" star was recently spotted cozying up with "That \'70s ', 'one of them is a rich girl turned burgler. Another is a police officer who went down in a scandal. And a third --  Minka Kelly  of " Friday Night Lights" -- is a street racer looking to avenge the death of a friend. We\'ll be watching for the ', 'White Female ." It\'s hard to blame "Roommate" stars  Minka Kelly  and Leighton Meester for wanting to follow in the path woman with a completely different name: Ellen Besch.  Minka Kelly  and Leighton Meester in "The Roommate." Something ', "actresses. Here's a lineup of four Yankee wives/girlfriends, including two who are decidedly not Hollywood.  Minka Kelly  Actress  Minka Kelly , 30, a regular on Maxim's Hot 100 list and this year's Esquire Magazine's Sexiest Woman Alive, is ", 'Scarlett Johansson, Gabrielle Union, Jessica Alba, and  Minka Kelly , is the stuff of locker room legend. Jeter, now 35 singer has dated Jennifer Aniston, Jessica Simpson and  Minka Kelly  -- the same star Jeter also may or may not have wooed ', 'pouring free drinks and dishing about celeb guests such as Yankee ballplayer Derek Jeter and his girlfriend, actress  Minka Kelly . "We had Denzel Washington here for New Year\'s," he boasts. Those in the know say Washington chose to stay instead ', "Joining us now none other than Kelly who plays on the new Charlie's Angels that's wonderful to have you here and excited about the premiere of the leaks at night again. TV guide. Because of the 35 anniversary of the original Charlie's angels of on the cover. And hence you guys on the cover too. we", 'skills to do that, too. Do the celebrities let it all hang out? Will we get a gli behind the curtain? Absolutely.  Minka kelly , shida jones, stacykeible you see what is going on. One thing I noticed, being on the red carpet, a lot of pastel ', 'all hang out? Will we get a gli behind the curtain? Absolutely. Minka kelly , shida jones, stacykeible you see what is going on. One thing I noticed, being on the red carpet, a lot of pastel ', "your celebrity? No, because I'm a dork. Reporter: He isn't just alba's secret weapon. He's working with  minka kelly , demi moore and rashida jones. And he's there in their most vulnerable doe membership. Their dressing room. I ", "a dork. Reporter: He isn't just alba's secret weapon. He's working with minka kelly , demi moore and rashida jones. And he's there in their most vulnerable doe membership. Their dressing room. I want my clients to "]