['Mexico City\'s human rights commission has criticized "alarming" human trafficking stats', "(CNN) -- Authorities in Mexico City say they've rescued 46 women in a human trafficking bust.", 'The women rescued included 27 Mexicans and 19 foreigners, Mexico City prosecutors said in a statement.', "Forty people were detained after a raid at the Cadillac table-dance club in the country's capital over the weekend, prosecutors said. Fourteen of them face charges of human trafficking for sexual exploitation, the statement said.", 'In 2011, Mexico City\'s human rights commission found there were "alarming" human trafficking figures in the sprawling metropolis.', "While an estimated 10,000 women were victims of human trafficking in Mexico's capital in 2010, there were only 40 investigations of the crime and three convictions in the city that year, according to a report from the organization.", 'Since then, the country has changed its constitution to combat human trafficking.', 'The measures make human trafficking a federal crime, punishable by up to 40 years in prison. And it targets not only those involved in sex trafficking but also other forms of modern slavery, including forced labor and child pornography.', 'This South Korean couple has spent many of the past 60 years believing the other was dead. In fact, he was held prisoner by the North. ', 'The world finally knows how to address the latest addition to the British royal family: HRH Prince George Alexander Louis of Cambridge.', 'Captured on tape: A train derailed and snapped in two as it hurtled around a curve in Spain, killing 80 people.', 'Sinkholes are devouring 20 million square meters of land on the northern Chinese plain, destroying homes and displacing families. ', 'Posters offering a reward for information about Nazis still living in Germany have been put up in three cities. ', "CNN's Ivan Watson is given rare access to the opening of a cemetery for war veterans in North Korea's capital. ", 'From laptops to cars, the products you take for granted are made using African minerals.', '"He\'s got her looks, thankfully," said Prince William. Check out the first photos of the long-awaited royal baby. ', 'George H.W. Bush shaves his head to support a two-year-old with leukemia whose father is part of the Secret Service.', "They've long been considered topics that aren't polite to discuss at the dinner table. And as it turns out, they're touchy on Wikipedia as well. "]