['Allen\'s "Celebrity" and the "X-Men" series of movies. Last year, Janssen made her directorial debut with the  Milla Jovovich  and Bill Pullman fronted drama "Bringing Up Bobby." Kim Basinger Basinger made a living dabbling in modeling and ', "Michelle Rodriguez reprises her role as Rain, a super-soldier trained to kill humanity's only hope, Alice ( Milla Jovovich , who defies aging). In this installment, the Umbrella Corporation's deadly T-virus continues to ravage the ", 'Lautner, Abduction Logan Lerman, The Three Musketeers Choice Movie Actress: Action Salma Hayek, Puss in Boots  Milla Jovovich , The Three Musketeers Paula Patton, Mission: Impossible - Ghost Protocol Noomi Rapace, Sherlock Holmes: A Game ', 'designer\'s 2009 collection, teamed with a black blazer. Temperley has dressed a number of high-profile brides including  Milla Jovovich  and Emilia Fox. The designer told Vogue UK she strives to "make the bride look beautiful, not to chase or create ', 'supermodels who have tried their hand with singing careers include Naomi Campbell, Kate Moss and model-turned-actress  Milla Jovovich . The transition for English fashion trailblazer Twiggy to singer was said to be a smooth one; she retired after ', "year for PS2 and finally in 2007 for the Wii, was considered a high point for the series. Three films, starring  Milla Jovovich  as protagonist Alice, who battles the sinister bioengineering firm Umbrella Corp., haven't been critical successes ", 'possible." It gets worse. Insiders say that Paris was also rejected at the door of a fashion week party hosted by  Milla Jovovich , one of Hollywood\'s top models. Despite recent news, Szish says this likely not the end of the Paris phenomenon ', "wearing a miniskirt, and even a Calvin Klein model-turned-action-hero isn't going to bring them back to life.  Milla Jovovich  returns in a sequel to 2002's video game-inspired Resident Evil. In Resident Evil: Apocalypse, opening today ", "her husband after seven short months of marriage'while still posing on the cover of InStyle Weddings magazine.  Milla Jovovich  was married for two months, alongside such temporarily committed people as Jennifer Lopez and Neve Campbell. Even ", "sensational in an Armani jacket and slacks, presented the best director prize in flawless French. Model-actress  Milla Jovovich  presented the best actor award, while Nick Nolte, who is filming Neil Jordan's Double Down in nearby Nice, dropped ", "ABC News' Amanda Van Allen checks out the  Milla Jovovich -starring action film."]