['A small plane carrying Italian fashion director Vittorio Missoni and his wife, Maurizia Castiglioni, has been missing off the coast of Venezuela since Friday, January 4. The couple is pictured in Milan, Italy, in 2010.', 'From left: Vittorio, Rosita (his mother), Angela (his sister), Ottavio (his father) and Luca (his brother) acknowledge applause on the catwalk at the end of the Missoni collection during the last day of Milan\'s 2004 spring/summer fashion week on October 5, 2003. The show marked 50 years since the company was founded by Ottavio (nicknamed "Tai ") and Rosita and 50 years since they married. Vittorio Missoni and his siblings took over the brand in 1996.', 'Models walk down the runway at the Missoni show during Milan Fashion Week on February 23, 2005. The private company is based in Milan and one of the premier fashion houses.', 'Vittorio Missoni and his sister, Angela, pose with actor John Travolta at the Venice Film Festival in 2004.', 'A model walks the runway during Missoni fashion show during Milan Fashion Week on June 21, 2008. The high-end fashion label is known for its patterned knitwear and signature zigzag stripe.', 'Vittorio, his sister Angela and her daughter Margherita accept an award on the catwalk after their show during the Audi Fashion Festival in Singapore on May 13, 2011.', 'Missoni partnered with Target in 2011 to produce a more budget-friendly collection. A Target pop-up store is seen in New York on September 8, 2011.', 'Vittorio Missoni attends the Missoni Loves Leaves cocktail party during Milan Design Week on April 16, 2012. The Missoni brand has expanded from apparel to housewares, a fragrance line and a chain of hotels.', "(CNN) -- Nearly six months after it went missing off Venezuela's coast, authorities have located the small plane that was carrying Italian fashion boss Vittorio Missoni and five others, the country's Interior Ministry announced Thursday.", 'The aircraft disappeared on January 4 as it left Los Roques, an archipelago and resort, for the international airport outside Caracas, about 90 miles away. Vittorio Missoni, his wife, and four others -- including a pilot and copilot -- were all on board. All are presumed dead.', "Missoni director Vittorio Missoni and his wife, Maurizia Castiglioni, had been missing since the airplane they were in disappeared off the coast of Venezuela on January 4, 2013. A bag from the plane was later found on Curacao. With no other signs of the missing flight and passengers, Missoni's siblings showed the company's newest collection in their home town of Milan without him. The downed airplane was located near Key Carenero six months later and recovery efforts launched.", 'The heads of the upscale Dolce & Gabbana brand, Stefano Gabbana and Domenico Dolce, were both sentenced to one year and eight months in prison in Italy, for failing to pay 40.4 million euros in taxes to the Italian government. In addition to what they owe in taxes, they are to pay a fine of 500,000 euros. Their lawyer, Massimo Dinoia, said they plan to appeal the convictions, related fines and sentences.', '"I love Hitler," was about the tamest thing John Galliano said in an anti-Semitic rant caught on tape in 2011. As a result, Galliano was fired from fashion giant Christian Dior and found guilty of making public insults based on origin, religious affiliation, race or ethnicity by a French court. In his trial, he said that alcohol and drugs were major factors, which he realized during a stint in rehab after he was fired. ', ' British designer Alexander McQueen\'s technical skill as a tailor and boundless imagination at the helm of his own label made him one of his generation\'s most influential designers, despite earning the monicker "enfant terrible" and his penchant for controversy. Soon after his mother died in February 2010, McQueen took his own life. His former assistant, Sarah Burton, who was named head of McQueen\'s women\'s wear line in 2000, took over as creative director following his death. She went on to design Kate Middleton\'s royal wedding gown as well as sister Pipa\'s head-turning maid of honor dress.', "French designer and Karl Lagerfeld's muse/protege Zahia Dehar shows collections in Paris, but she's also been embroiled in an underage prostitution scandal. In 2010, she was linked to a sex-for-money case that tarnished the reputation of one of France's most beloved soccer stars, Franck Ribery. (He allegedly paid for sex with her when she was under 18, which is illegal in France.) Another French soccer hero, Karim Benzema, was also alleged to have purchased her services while she was underage. ", 'Fashion designer Anand Jon Alexander was convicted in 2008 of 14 counts including forcible rape and was sentenced to 59 years to life in jail. The Beverly Hills designer had been featured on "America\'s Next Top Model."', 'Tatler fashion director Isabella Blow had a knack for discovering British fashion talent, from milliner Philip Treacy and designer Alexander McQueen to models Sophie Dahl and Stella Tennant. She struggled with depression for many years and committed suicide in 2007 while she was stricken with ovarian cancer.', 'British supermodel Naomi Campbell was sentenced to a week of community service with the New York City Sanitation Department in 2007 after being convicted for throwing a cell phone at her housekeeper so hard that the woman required stitches. But mopping floors and picking up trash did not stop her from getting a case of air rage a couple of years later, which got her banned from British Airways and another 200 hours of community service and fines ordered by a British court.', 'In 2005, supermodel Kate Moss was in the papers, but not because of the clothes she was wearing. Photos were published in The Daily Mirror showing her apparently snorting cocaine. She was not charged with drug offenses, because of weak prospects for a conviction, but she was swiftly dropped from many advertising contracts.', ' Italian designer Gianfranco Ferre, a favorite of Hollywood stars Elizabeth Taylor and Julia Roberts, suffered a brain hemorrhage in 2007 and died soon after. Often called the "Frank Lloyd Write of fashion" (he trained as an architect), Ferre became a fashion designer after college and was known for his voluminous and structured clothing as well as his use of innovative techniques. ', "Photographer Helmut Newton's career as an international glamor and fashion purveyor built him a legendary reputation. Known for his black and white photos of nude models and celebrities, his photos were often featured in Vogue and Elle magazines. He was killed in 2004 when he crashed his car in Hollywood at the age of 83.", 'In December 2002, actress and fashion darling Winona Ryder was sentenced to three years probation and 480 hours of community service for shoplifting from Saks Fifth Avenue. She was also ordered to pay more than $10,000 in fines and get drug and psychological counseling. ', "Ten years after Gianni Versace's 1997 murder, Italy's fashion capital paid tribute to the slain fashion designer with a glittering ballet performance at Milan's La Scala opera house. Versace was killed by suspected mass-murderer Andrew Cunanan, who took his own life during a standoff with Miami, Florida police. Versace's sister, Donatella, took over the Versace company three months after he died.", "English fashion designer Ossie Clark (pictured here in 1972), spent the 1960s and '70s outfitting rock stars and celebrities like Mick and Bianca Jagger and Elizabeth Taylor. He was found murdered in 1996, stabbed to death by an ex-lover.", 'Missoni, 58, ran the famed Missoni fashion house with his siblings, Luca and Angela. Neither sibling was on the plane.', "With the help of an American ship with special oceanographic technology, the plane was located off the coast of Key Carenero, within the Los Roques archipelago, according to a family statement published by Italy's ANSA news agency.", '"At this time, efforts are underway to recover the wreckage," the families of those aboard the plane said in the statement. "The families would like to thank the Venezuelan and Italian governments for its commitments in finding the wreckage and the family is confident that the investigation into the cause of the incident."', 'Venezuelan authorities had launched intensive search efforts with boats, helicopters and divers scouring the area for any sign of the missing plane. A bag from the plane washed up on the island of Curacao some 124 miles away from where the aircraft disappeared three weeks after the aircraft went missing.', 'The fashion house, which boasts such celebrity clients as Katie Holmes, Cameron Diaz and Nicole Richie, is a high-end fashion label known for its patterned knitwear and signature zigzag stripe.', 'The private company, based in Milan, Italy, has estimated annual sales of between $75 million and $100 million.', 'The brand, first created in 1953 as a knitwear workshop in Gallarte, Italy, has expanded from apparel to housewares, a fragrance line and a chain of hotels.', 'Stefano Tonchi, editor-in-chief of W magazine, called the Missonis "one of the most important Italian fashion families," crediting their move to Milan in the late 1960s with helping make the northern Italian city the fashion hub it is today.', 'Vittorio Missoni and his siblings took over the brand in 1996 with an eye toward marketing to a younger consumer.', "The fashion house partnered with Target in 2011 to produce a more budget-friendly collection for the discount retailer, which caused Target's website to crash due to the high demand.", 'This South Korean couple has spent many of the past 60 years believing the other was dead. In fact, he was held prisoner by the North. ', 'The world finally knows how to address the latest addition to the British royal family: HRH Prince George Alexander Louis of Cambridge.', 'Captured on tape: A train derailed and snapped in two as it hurtled around a curve in Spain, killing 80 people.', 'Sinkholes are devouring 20 million square meters of land on the northern Chinese plain, destroying homes and displacing families. ', 'Posters offering a reward for information about Nazis still living in Germany have been put up in three cities. ', "CNN's Ivan Watson is given rare access to the opening of a cemetery for war veterans in North Korea's capital. ", 'From laptops to cars, the products you take for granted are made using African minerals.', '"He\'s got her looks, thankfully," said Prince William. Check out the first photos of the long-awaited royal baby. ', 'George H.W. Bush shaves his head to support a two-year-old with leukemia whose father is part of the Secret Service.', "They've long been considered topics that aren't polite to discuss at the dinner table. And as it turns out, they're touchy on Wikipedia as well. "]