['Jaden Smith, Amanda Seyfried, Kaley Cuoco,  Miranda Cosgrove , Neil Patrick Harris, Ashley Tisdale, Gabby Douglas Carlos Pena, "Big Time Rush" Favorite TV Actress  Miranda Cosgrove , "iCarly" Selena Gomez, "Wizards of Waverly ', "Choice Twit: Demi Lovato Choice male hottie: Ian Somerhalder Choice female hottie: Miley Cyrus Inspire Award:  Miranda Cosgrove  Here's a rundown of the music winners: Choice Male Artist: Justin Bieber Choice Female Artist: Taylor Swift Choice ", 'Met Your Mother Ashton Kutcher, Two And a Half Men Jim Parsons, The Big Bang Theory Choice TV Actress: Comedy  Miranda Cosgrove , iCarly Kaley Cuoco, The Big Bang Theory Zooey Deschanel, New Girl Lea Michele, Glee Sofia Vergara, Modern Family ', 'accident has "disturbed world opinion" and deeply affected the Soviet people. Famous Birthdays 1936 Bobby Darin 1944 George Lucas 1961 Tim Roth 1969 Cate Blanchett 1971 Sofia Coppola 1983 Amber Tamblyn 1984 Mark Zuckerberg 1993  Miranda Cosgrove', 'For those of you not familiar with the show, a favorite of first daughters Sasha and Malia, Carly, played by  Miranda Cosgrove , is the daughter of a U.S. Air Force Officer temporarily stationed on a submarine. Although Col. Shay is never ', 'for teens and the tweens who follow them in lock step. "The girls that (teens and tweens) are looking up to,  Miranda Cosgrove  ("iCarly"), Victoria Justice ("Victorious"), Selena Gomez ("Wizards of Waverly Place"), these are ', 'Tune in tonight to find out about the show America\'s kids are tuning into. In the video below, "iCarly" star  Miranda Cosgrove  takes Donvan on a set tour. Have you ever seen iCarly? Does this show have crossover appeal?', "Ambitious, tech-savvy child stars that they are, the two star in a series of self-made videos on YouTube.  Miranda Cosgrove  Cosgrove has a resume most up-and-coming child stars would give up texting for. Currently the star of Nickelodeon's ", "Miranda Cosgrove  gives ABC's John Donvan a tour of the funky set, dressing room.", "it's a and food create shows about kids on the road to rock stardom. It's school. Miley had Hannah Montana.  Miranda Cosgrove  has like Scarlett. And the Jonas Brothers are the Jonas Brothers. big time rush it took two years worth of auditions ", "the road to rock stardom. It's -- school. Miley had Hannah Montana. Miranda Cosgrove has like Scarlett. And the Jonas Brothers are the Jonas Brothers. -- big time rush it took two years worth of auditions. ", 'Wear for so many teen and preteen girls. If you look at the girls who are the big stars these days. Taylor swept  Miranda Cosgrove  Victoria justice Lucy Hale Selena Gomez on the Disney Indians are good girls. Grace like so many strong young ladies ', 'at the girls who are the big stars these days. Taylor swept Miranda Cosgrove Victoria justice Lucy Hale Selena Gomez on the Disney -- Indians are good girls. Grace like so many strong young ladies as ', "blockbuster. And the star of the show a seventeen year old  Miranda Cosgrove  is now and comic figure for many about children tell your kids you watched an interview with her.  Miranda Cosgrove  who played a kid sister back then. Now she's I ", 'ratings blockbuster. And the star of the show a seventeen year old Miranda Cosgrove is now and -- comic figure for many about children. So who machine and why is the show such a success. John ', "the moment because tell your kids you watched an interview with her. Miranda Cosgrove who played a kid sister back then. -- -- Now she's -- I -- the story of a sixteen year old girl "]