["movies. Well, you can either throw a John Hughes film festival and then try various misbegotten hijinks inspired by  Molly Ringwald , or tell him honestly about your feelings and accept his response. If he's not interested, you should know that there ", 'Science." Hall and seven other stars of the 1980s,  Molly Ringwald  , Rob Lowe , Emilio Estevez , Demi Moore , Judd Nelson luck being cast in the successful movie franchise.  Molly Ringwald  Brat Pack Cred: The \'80s and particularly director ', 'The Breakfast Club" and "Some Kind of Wonderful," and launched the careers of "Brat Pack" members such as  Molly Ringwald  and Emilio Estevez. Hughes, 59, had been in Manhattan visiting family when he had the fatal heart attack during ', 'Remembering John Hughes (1950-2009): 5 Memorable Musical Moments From His Classic Films', 'moments, the scene is set. The gritty images of the streets and railroad tracks are juxtaposed with images of a teenage  Molly Ringwald  getting ready for her day, making breakfast and waking up her disheveled father. The reality of every day responsibility is combined ', 'Candles," honed in on the pubescent humiliations and coming-of-age trials of an offbeat heroine, played by  Molly Ringwald , on her 16th birthday. Hughes, who set most of his films in an upper-middle-class suburb of Chicago, had a ', "Ally Sheedy, Rob Lowe, Anthony Michael Hall and  Molly Ringwald , who shot to fame after Hughes cast her in 1984's coming-of-age trials of an offbeat heroine, played by  Molly Ringwald , on her 16th birthday. Hughes, who set most of ", 'millions of women have tried to emulate her looks. And the American Film Institute\'s Hanson points out that actress  Molly Ringwald  starred in some of the most popular movies of the \'80s, "Sixteen Candles" and "Pretty in Pink," sporting her ', "alone should not warrant a rating for older viewers. The MPAA is also keeping past ratings in place. That means  Molly Ringwald 's character's need for a little nicotine courage before talking to her love interest, played by Michael Schoeffling ", 'productions have thrived on Broadway, 20 years apart. "Annie" launched the careers of such stars as Alyssa Milano,  Molly Ringwald  and Sarah Jessica Parker. Now a new documentary reveals for the first time what the girls in the show experienced ', "Lowe's prep school roommate who ends up being seduced by an older woman. 1986's Pretty in Pink, co-starring  Molly Ringwald , certified him as a leading man, box-office golden boy and heartthrob for smart girls. But what no one knew not ", 'tracks for some songs, certainly when this tour\'s finished." The group enjoyed hits like the title song to the  Molly Ringwald  teen movie Pretty in Pink before Butler went out on his own with his band Love Spit Love. He says now that he\'s ', 'much-loved film, The Breakfast Club. Set in a mid- 80s suburb of Chicago, the original (featuring Judd Nelson,  Molly Ringwald , Anthony Michael Hall, Ally Sheedy, and Emilio Estevez) detention crew aka the Breakfast Club spawned some of ', "Eighties icon Molly ring back to starring in a new televisions show the secret life of the American teenager. Might sound like something straight out of the John fault but it's decidedly different because this time not playing the teen queen. Given all I'm the mom doesn't happen similar. Again need", "character on the show? I would like to say that I'm less neurotic. Reporter: Playing opposite shay lee woodley and  molly ringwald  plays her mom. What if I want to work. Reporter: In real life, ken baumann runs a publishing house. He comes ", "say that I'm less neurotic. Reporter: Playing opposite shay lee woodley and molly ringwald plays her mom. What if I want to work. Reporter: In real life, ken baumann runs a publishing house. He comes out ", 'geared to a certain audience. A lot of people can relate. One of the themes, your relationship with your mom, ro  molly ringwald  place your mom. She has a big story line. We discover her character is ga gay this season. I think it is hard for ', 'can relate. One of the themes, your relationship with your mom, ro molly ringwald place your mom. She has a big story line. We discover her character is ga gay this season. I think it is ']