["WASHINGTON -- When Sen. Barbara Mikulski squelched rumors of her impending retirement by announcing she's ready for a fifth term, she also put a damper on the career...", 'WASHINGTON -- Maryland Sen. Barbara Mikulski will become the longest serving woman in the history of the U.S. Senate when she is sworn in for her fifth term next wee...', 'WASHINGTON -- A critical compromise to head off a year-end tax increase for millions of Americans took shape fitfully Thursday in private talks between the White Hou...', 'WASHINGTON -- The Senate opened its doors for a final time Thursday for Robert C. Byrd, the West Virginian of humble origins who became a Senate fixture for nearly a...', "WASHINGTON -- To hear Senate Republicans tell it, the defeat of their attempt to repeal the Democrats' health care overhaul was really a victory of sorts on the long...", 'Geraldine Ferraro , who became the first woman to run for vice president on a major party ticket in 1984 -- only to lose in a landslide -- died Saturday. She was 75....', 'WASHINGTON -- It will be at least the weekend before the Maryland Green Party decides whether it will field a replacement candidate for U.S. Senate hopeful Natasha P...', 'Democrats still scarred over the town hall fury that inflamed the health care debate two summers ago and came to symbolize the unpopularity of that legislation are h...', 'DC Metro crash spurs backers of federal oversight of transit safety, but opposition looms', 'Supporters of a bill that would give federal regulators power to force transit agencies to make safety improvements are rallying around a ruling that the lack of fed...', 'NTSB says failed signal and poor safety oversight at Metro caused 2009 crash that killed 9', 'A faulty electronic circuit that caused a deadly Metro crash last summer was symptomatic of an "anemic safety culture" at the D.C. area\'s transit agency, the Nationa...', 'Robert Byrd makes final trip to Senate he loved, his casket carried by military honor guard', 'The Senate opened its doors for a final time Thursday for Robert C. Byrd, the West Virginian of humble origins who became a Senate fixture for nearly a quarter of th...', "Senate Democrats on Thursday rejected a GOP attempt to require next year's census forms to include a question about citizenship status -- an effort opponents called ...", 'WASHINGTON -- Politicians are staying in Congress longer and longer, but in an election year with a noticeably anti-incumbent mood, some Washington outsiders are cha...', 'Much attention has been given to President Obama\'s persistent use of "I" when giving speeches to sell his administration\'s agenda. Is he taking responsibility -- or,...']