['an emerald engagement ring since January. Martinez, 46, has had his share of high-profile paramours. He dated  Mira Sorvino , Kylie Minogue and Rosie Huntington-Whiteley before meeting Berry, 45, on the set of "Dark Tide," which came ', 'They have nothing to do with this," he said. Martinez, 46, has had his share of high profile paramours. He dated  Mira Sorvino , Kylie Minogue and Rosie Huntington-Whiteley before meeting Berry, 45, on the set of "Dark Tide," which came ', 'pre-planned military exercise. Famous Birthdays: 551 B.C. Confucius 1901 Ed Sullivan 1934 Brigitte Bardot 1967  Mira Sorvino  1979 Bam Margera Travel back in time to Sept. 27: Day in History . View more videos from This Month in History: September ', 'Role (Hannah and Her Sisters 1986) 4) Diane Wiest - Best Actress Supporting Role (Bullets Over Broadway 1994) 5)  Mira Sorvino  - Best Actress Supporting Role (Mighty Aphrodite 1995) 6) Penelope Cruz - Best Actress Supporting Role (Vicky Cristina ', 'two-mile band of Malibu Road where Adam Sandler, Barry Manilow, John Cusack, Tony Danza, Victoria Principal and  Mira Sorvino  live. Former homeowners include Bill Murray and Shirley MacLaine. Musical A-list stars like Bono, Jennifer Lopez ', "on Capitol Hill, and chances are you'll run into your fair share of celebrities. This afternoon, it was actress  Mira Sorvino  testifying before a House committee about Darfur, Sudan. She didn't draw much of a crowd, though. It was probably ", 'Vinny" in 1992 but waited another ten years until she was nominated again. Since she won for "Mighty Aphrodite,"  Mira Sorvino  has faded from the foreground. Sometimes the problem is peaking too early. Tatum O\'Neal won an Oscar at age 11 ', 'and Sciences\' Samuel Goldwyn Theater by Academy President Sid Ganis and Oscar-winning actress and Academy member  Mira Sorvino . The cowboy love story "Brokeback Mountain" led the Academy Awards field Tuesday with eight nominations, among them ', 'The Oscar-winning actress  Mira Sorvino  is speaking out against slavery. It\'s hard to believe, but starring in a Lifetime mini-series, "Human Trafficking."  Mira Sorvino : It\'s a very, very weighty and timely subject because right ', 'feature on This Week . Voices Our voice this week,  Mira Sorvino . The Oscar-winning actress is speaking out against in a Lifetime mini-series, "Human Trafficking."  Mira Sorvino : "It\'s a very, very weighty and timely subject ', 'her U.S. hit The Others but will not stay for the premiere of Birthday Girl, which opens in the States next year.  Mira Sorvino  is due for the comedic Triumph of Love with that sexy beast, Ben Kingsley. Scorsese Presents, Spielberg Sends His ', 'her U.S. hit The Others but will not stay for the premiere of Birthday Girl, which opens in the States next year.  Mira Sorvino  is due for the comedic Triumph of Love with that sexy beast, Ben Kingsley. Scorsese Presents, Spielberg Sends His ', 'her U.S. hit The Others but will not stay for the premiere of Birthday Girl, which opens in the States next year.  Mira Sorvino  is due for the comedic Triumph of Love with that sexy beast, Ben Kingsley. Scorsese Presents, Spielberg Sends His ', "Phoenix Jennifer Connelly mark buffalo and  Mira Sorvino  star in the new thriller called reservation road. It's a tale of revenge anger and great courage is to fathers deal with death ", "Phoenix Jennifer Connelly mark buffalo and Mira Sorvino star in the new thriller called reservation road. It's a tale of revenge anger and great courage is to fathers deal with "]