["The flooded grounds of the Calgary Stampede are seen in Calgary, Alberta, on June 22. Much of the city is still submerged from Friday's flooding, which was the heaviest flooding the city had seen in decades and took at least three lives. In another city in Alberta, Medicine Hat, thousands of people were evacuated in anticipation of water from the South Saskatchewan River moving into the city Sunday.", 'Canadian Armed Forces soldiers from the Calgary Highlanders pile sandbags to protect the Inglewood neighborhood in Calgary on June 22.', 'A house is submerged by floodwater at a park near the Bow River in Calgary on June 22.', 'Bearspaw Dam opens the gates to release water into the flooded Bow River on June 22.', 'A man longboards through a flooded downtown street in Calgary on Friday, June 21.', 'Streets in downtown Calgary are empty except for water after the area was evacuated.', "A woman walks toward an abandoned and partially submerged police car in Calgary's Sunnyside neighborhood on June 21. ", "A man stands on a railing under Calgary's Centre Street Bridge as floodwater flows in the background on June 21.", 'Floodwater swirls as a street stands empty during the mandatory evacuation on June 21.', "A wide view shows the flooded streets in Calgary's Sunnyside neighborhood on June 21. ", 'Residents watch as floodwaters from Cougar Creek destroy a neighborhood in Canmore, Alberta, on Thursday, June 20. ', 'The waters of Cougar Creek expand through a neighborhood in Canmore, west of Calgary, on June 20.', 'A police car patrols a flooded Calgary neighborhood that was evacuated on June 20.', '(CNN) -- As waters receded in some parts of southern Alberta, yet another city evacuated residents and lined up sandbags, waiting for a river to burst its banks.', 'The city of Medicine Hat cast a wary eye on the South Saskatchewan River, which authorities predict will reach its peak on Monday morning and flood at record levels. City Hall was lined with sandbags.', 'Officials told residents they should plan for the Trans-Canada Highway bridge to close Sunday night. The move will essentially split the city in half, allowing no public access between the northern and southern sections.', "Nearly 10,000 people have been evacuated in Medicine Hat, and almost everyone has complied with evacuation orders, the city's mayor, Norm Boucher, said. City spokeswoman Brandy Calvert said officials expect the flood to eclipse one in 1995, the city's biggest on record.", 'So far, water treatment and power plants in Medicine Hat are protected. The drinking water is safe.', '"We don\'t want to anticipate the worst, but we\'re going to be prepared for the worst," Alberta Premier Alison Redford said. "We know that, from what we\'ve seen everywhere else, that this is more exceptional than we\'ve ever seen in Alberta before, so we\'re presuming that that\'s probably the circumstance that we\'re looking at (in Medicine Hat) as well."', 'The extensive flooding that has deluged towns and threatened southern Alberta communities has killed at least three people, officials said. The victims were all found in the Highwood River, about 40 miles south of Calgary.', 'In Calgary, water still covered the city days after the Bow and Elbow Rivers overflowed. Bruce Burrell, director of the Calgary Emergency Management Agency, said power could be out in the core of the city for days or weeks.', '"The city of Calgary took a pretty hard hit, but we\'re a resilient city," Burrell said at a news conference Sunday. "We want to recover as quickly as possible, we want to get people into their homes and businesses as quickly as possible, we want to restore the city as quickly as possible."', 'The city was under a state of emergency late Saturday, but Mayor Naheed Nenshi said the flow of the water was slowing and some people could start returning home.', 'This South Korean couple has spent many of the past 60 years believing the other was dead. In fact, he was held prisoner by the North. ', 'The world finally knows how to address the latest addition to the British royal family: HRH Prince George Alexander Louis of Cambridge.', 'Captured on tape: A train derailed and snapped in two as it hurtled around a curve in Spain, killing 80 people.', 'Sinkholes are devouring 20 million square meters of land on the northern Chinese plain, destroying homes and displacing families. ', 'Posters offering a reward for information about Nazis still living in Germany have been put up in three cities. ', "CNN's Ivan Watson is given rare access to the opening of a cemetery for war veterans in North Korea's capital. ", 'From laptops to cars, the products you take for granted are made using African minerals.', '"He\'s got her looks, thankfully," said Prince William. Check out the first photos of the long-awaited royal baby. ', 'George H.W. Bush shaves his head to support a two-year-old with leukemia whose father is part of the Secret Service.', "They've long been considered topics that aren't polite to discuss at the dinner table. And as it turns out, they're touchy on Wikipedia as well. "]