['Oscar-winning actress  Mo \' Nique  has gotten serious about Moworldwide/Twitter The best  supporting actress  winner once tipped the pounds. "I am the best  Mo \' Nique  I\'ve ever been in meet their babies," Mo \' Nique  told Hot 97. So, I ', 'have spoken out about their own abuse.  Mo \' Nique  For her Oscar- and Golden-Globe-winning abusive mother in "Precious," comedian  Mo \' Nique  drew on her childhood experience as a victim of sexual abuse. In 2008,  Mo \' Nique  revealed that she had been sexually abused ', "Academy Award for best  supporting actress , Jennifer Hudson com. Just look at  Mo ' Nique  , who won the same award University. Years later,  Mo ' Nique  paid tribute to McDaniel S. distributor.  Mo ' Nique  After winning the best ", 'Academy welcomes a breath of fresh air. Last year it was  Mo \' Nique , before that it was Roberto Benigni, and who could forget hoping Spencer continues to keep it real if she wins best  supporting actress  for "The Help." 8. Branch out. The story of a boy who ', 'gauge the number -- it\'s not on the census. But in the last two years, the movement has quite exploded." Just recently,  Mo \' Nique , an Oscar-winning American actress, discussed her open marriage with ABC\'s Barbara Walters. She said polyamory is not ', "nominations in the  supporting actress  and actor categories the Academy in the  supporting actress  category. Kunis nominated for best  supporting actress . Like Kunis, Andrew adapted screenplay and  Mo ' nique  for best  supporting", "Paula Deen's sons. CLICK HERE for step-by-step instructions.  Mo ' Nique 's Brown Gravy We're including this gravy from Oscar-winning actress and comedian  Mo ' Nique  as an additional sauce for Emeril's roasted chicken. And save this ", 'Lexington Herald-Leader. The Grand Gala, a Louisville party that has featured stars such as Michael Jordan, Jamie Foxx and  Mo \' Nique  since it was first held in 2002, was canceled this year, the Herald-Leader wrote. "Every move we made was with a real ', 'I\'m sorry.\'"  Imes  said he wished his I\'m hurt,"  Imes  said. "I feel Role of a Lifetime  Mo \' Nique  has said she was Globe award for best  supporting actress . In her Golden acceptance speech,  Mo \' Nique  dedicated her award And it\'s OK."  Imes  called his sister\'s ', 'encouraged the actress to leave her marriage. "Run, run, run," Williams said on her show Monday. But fellow Oscar winner  Mo \' Nique  took a more measured approach, telling "Entertainment Tonight" she was praying for Bullock -- and her husband. "I don\'t ', 'one of several large-size actresses who have had some success in Hollywood. They include Sidibe\'s "Precious" co-star  Mo \' Nique , Queen Latifah, Camryn Manheim, Delta Burke and Nikki Blonsky. Among them, only Latifah has found steady work on the big ', 'up on their dream," Bigelow said.  Mo \' Nique  set the stage for the evening, winning best  supporting actress  for her portrayal of an abusive mother my life.\' ... We already won,"  Mo \' Nique  told Roberts. First-time Academy ', 'Perhaps the only thing that could have saved it would have been surprising winners. Nope. The odds-on favorites won: Waltz,  Mo \' nique  , Bridges, Bullock, Bigelow and "Locker." The Bigelow moment could have been a surprise seeing as she is the first female ', "The big moment arrive let's go right out the Samuel Goldwyn theatre Beverly Hills you're  supporting actress  winner Monique and academy president. Hello everybody good morning I'm Tom president of the academy. Welcome to our home ", "let's go right out the Samuel Goldwyn theatre Beverly Hills -- you're supporting actress winner Monique and academy president. Hello everybody good morning I'm Tom -- president of the academy. Welcome to our home. We've got ", 'happy note than not brings me to I had to guess for the evening Frist. Monique Oscar nominated tonight as best  supporting actress  but she has the sort of story can make to a movie is filled with. Incest and abuse and finally try and and In ', 'for the evening Frist. Monique Oscar nominated tonight -- -- as best supporting actress but she has the sort of story can make -- to a movie is filled with. Incest and abuse and finally try ']