["50ml bottles come with the chef's recommended food pairings. Other chefs and celebrities like Michael Chiarello and  Molly Sims  have also selected their favorite samplers. The Burger Guy Sur La Table's Ornament Slider $13 Every burger lover ", 'My sisters both had babies this year and were really religious about preventative care," she said. "I\'d been on  Molly Sims \'s blog a lot-she was in her third trimester when I had just gotten pregnant-and she posted this recipe: shea butter ', 'months. After that, Cooper was seen with Cameron Diaz, Elizabeth Banks, his "Nip/Tuck co-star Rhona Mitra,  Molly Sims  and Lake Bell. Linked briefly with Jennifer Aniston , Cooper claimed they were "just friends." Soon after, he was ', 'Here are your favorite female celebs\' girl crushes.  Molly Sims  on Jessica Biel Looks like Jessica Biel gets some love back from  Molly Sims , who said she had a girl crush on the actress. "I ', 'events. In March, I had the honor of hosting their latest benefit, The Night of a Thousand Lights, where stars like  Molly Sims , Lydia Hearst, Iman, Joy Bryant and the glamorous Marchesa design duo were more than happy to lend a charitable hand ', 'Illustrated swimsuit issue hits stands today and promises to make waves with a barely-there $30 million bikini worn by  Molly Sims . And now more people than ever can ogle the supermodels as the magazine shifts its focus to online with a new digital ', "joke. Celebrities across the board have been seen airing their undies, including actress Gillian Anderson, MTV'S  Molly Sims , model Kate Moss, and Britney Spears. But just because the stars are celebrating thong-adorned reverse cleavage ", 'company product will be showcased by supermodels such as Gisele Bundchen, Heidi Klum, Tyra Banks, Daniela Pestova, and  Molly Sims , alongside entertainment from tenor Andrea Bocelli and hip-hop superstar Mary J. Blige. But Razek is also very conscious ', "Jones' Diary author Helen Fielding, The Sopranos' Drea de Matteo, sultry actress Bo Derek, MTV's Ananda Lewis and  Molly Sims , and 19-year-old actress Julia Stiles, whose Save the Last Dance just beat Tom Hanks' Cast Away to take the No ", "Jones' Diary author Helen Fielding, The Sopranos' Drea de Matteo, sultry actress Bo Derek, MTV's Ananda Lewis and  Molly Sims , and 19-year-old actress Julia Stiles, whose Save the Last Dance just beat Tom Hanks' Cast Away to take the No ", "Jones' Diary author Helen Fielding, The Sopranos' Drea de Matteo, sultry actress Bo Derek, MTV's Ananda Lewis and  Molly Sims , and 19-year-old actress Julia Stiles, whose Save the Last Dance just beat Tom Hanks' Cast Away to take the No ", "Getting a Fashion Week is just days away and we can't wait the big kick is this Friday but tonight model and actress  Molly sims  is hosting the gen art near the art fashion show in partnership with. Plastics make it possible the show will feature ", 'the big kick -- is this Friday but tonight model and actress Molly sims is hosting the gen art near the art fashion show in partnership with. Plastics make it possible the show will feature up ', "successful not only commercially but also artistically people really take they would seriously. A number of liberties like  Molly Sims  for example until we line. Has said to me this actually you know I really admire the Olsen Twins and what they've ", '-- people really take they would seriously. A number of liberties like Molly Sims for example -- until we line. Has said to me this actually you know I really -- admire the Olsen Twins and ']