["and we respect that. That's why, for this particular role, we humbly submit Dame Judi Dench as Brenda Blethyn as  Maggie Smith  as Queen Elizabeth as Roseanne Barr as Queen Elizabeth. The Doctor The doctor who delivered the royal baby will be ", 'Louis-Dreyfus, who claimed the trophy last year for "Veep." Most of the 2012 trophy holders have a chance to repeat.  Maggie Smith  was nominated again as best supporting actress in a drama for "Downton Abbey," which has brought her two trophies ', 'Mandy Patinkin, "Homeland," Showtime. Supporting Actress, Drama Series: Anna Gunn, "Breaking Bad," AMC;  Maggie Smith , "Downton Abbey," PBS; Emilia Clarke, "Game of Thrones," HBO; Christine Baranski, "The Good Wife," CBS ', 'Game of Thrones Mandy Patinkin, Homeland Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Drama Series Anna Gunn, Breaking Bad  Maggie Smith , Downton Abbey Emilia Clarke, Game of Thrones Christine Baranski, The Good Wife Morena Baccarin, Homeland Miniseries ', 'collected multiple trophies like three-time winner Bryan Cranston of "Breaking Bad." British stage, screen and TV star  Maggie Smith , for instance, didn\'t even have to grace the Emmy ceremonies in 2011 and \'12 to nab awards for "Downton Abbey ', 'The dowager would presumably not be amused.  Maggie Smith , who plays the cantankerous elder Lady Grantham on "Downton Abbey" says she has never watched the series. Smith made the confession ', 'Ta da." Click through to see more winners of the 2013 Golden Globes. Best supporting actress, TV series drama  Maggie Smith , "Downton Abbey" Smith was not at the ceremony to accept her award. Best TV movie/miniseries \'Game Change\' The ', 'producer Harvey Weinstein. 3. Take off an article of clothing every time the cameras show Judi Dench and any time  Maggie Smith  wins. Regardless of whether or not you play, with these two women at the helm, the Globes are pretty much guaranteed ', 'Hotel" Jennifer Lawrence, "Silver Linings Playbook"  Maggie Smith , "Quartet" Meryl Streep, "Hope Springs" Best Performance The Good Wife" Sarah Paulson, "Game Change"  Maggie Smith , "Downton Abbey: Season 2" Sofia Vergara, "Modern ', 'Drama Series: Alex Gansa, Howard Gordon, Gideon Raff, "Homeland," Showtime. Supporting Actress, Drama Series:  Maggie Smith , "Downton Abbey," PBS. Directing, Drama Series: Tim Van Patten, "Boardwalk Empire," HBO. Actor, Drama Series ', 'remember." Supporting Actress, Drama:  Maggie Smith  Nominees are: Christine Baranski, "The Archie Panjabi, "The Good Wife";  Maggie Smith , "Downton Abbey" "This is  Maggie Smith \'s category to win. \'Downton Abbey\' will ', 'Mini-Series, Or Motion Picture Made for Television Jessica Lange, American Horror Story Kelly Macdonald, Boardwalk Empire  Maggie Smith , Downton Abbey Sofia Vergara, Modern Family Evan Rachel Wood, Mildred Pierce Best Performance By An Actor in ', 'Series, Mini-series or Motion Picture Made for Television: Jessica Lange With the likes of Kelly McDonald and Dame  Maggie Smith , this is a tough category. Jessica Lange, star of "American Horror Story," could win on wattage alone. It also ', "about using these people but.  Maggie Smith  Billy Connolly Pauline Collins So Yes I cast Billy Connolly.  Maggie Smith  was already with the project as movie came with Tom Courtney and  Maggie Smith . And Pauline Collins I didn't ", 'over Britain. Testing. I mean you talked about using these people but. Maggie Smith Billy Connolly Pauline Collins Tom Courtney -- I think kids -- -- goodness thank. Think of -- -- -- -- yet but. ', "-- and couldn't do it. So -- Yes I cast Billy Connolly. Maggie Smith was already with the project as she's known for -- -- writer for fifty years and so the movie came with Tom Courtney and Maggie Smith . And Pauline Collins I didn't know. And what directors failed to do -- understood it. Is good actors no good actors and they rarely say who do you think we'll be right in front useful for us. And I called Maggie Smith and -- did note because we're you know and with apologies appalling columns and I -- -- And then -- You are ", 'about -- this. I was saying to you before an immediate with Maggie Smith who -- I think. But we know -- now this generation is really knows her especially from Downton -- Gosford Park and ', "gearing up for this already. And a new milestone for our favorite from downton abbey. How could you be so selfish? Dame  maggie smith  is imortallized in london's national portrait gallery. Unveiled today, the portrait is big, a full 63 inches ", "our favorite from downton abbey. How could you be so selfish? Dame maggie smith is imortallized in london's national portrait gallery. Unveiled today, the portrait is big, a full 63 inches. When dame maggie finally agreed ", 'Sam, this is for you. Okay. Dame  maggie smith  said she doesn\'t watch "downton abbey." If she watches, she will agonize over things she could do differently. You don\'t ', 'Sam, this is for you. Okay. Dame maggie smith said she doesn\'t watch "downton abbey." If she watches, she will agonize over things she could do differently. You don\'t need to ', "you're sending us yeah you don't have to distinguish what occurred or not. Potent. Threat and I don't think  Maggie Smith  and her prime. Could have come up with a more withering comment at that Keller it can't go on from there anyway ", "occurred or not. Potent. -- Threat and -- -- I don't think Maggie Smith and her prime. Could have come up with a more withering comment at that -- -- Keller it can't go on from ", 'pot. It\'s called "quartet." Three of them live together and they come together for a performance of "verdi."  Maggie smith . She actually came with the project. I\'m not sure she would have agreed with me directing. You chose a clip you ', 'them live together and they come together for a performance of "verdi." Maggie smith . She actually came with the project. I\'m not sure she would have agreed with me directing. You chose a clip you want ', "gonna do that for you so there's no Leo there's no Javier Bardem. They took out. Somebody who is extremely popular  Maggie Smith . Who is in two movies. Best exotic marigolds hotel and quartet we on Downton and they said. Best supporting actress ", "there's no Javier Bardem. They took out. Somebody who is extremely popular Maggie Smith . Who is in two movies. Best exotic marigolds hotel and quartet we -- on Downton -- and they said. Best supporting actress ", "gonna do that for you so there's no Leo there's no Javier Bardem. They took out. Somebody who is extremely popular  Maggie Smith  who is in two movies. Best exotic marigolds hotel and quartet we lover on Downton And they said. Best supporting actress ", "there's no Javier Bardem. They took out. Somebody who is extremely popular Maggie Smith who is in two movies. Best exotic marigolds hotel and quartet we lover on Downton -- And they said. Best supporting actress "]