['Credit: Safeway Foundation and Stand Up To Cancer (SU2C) Since the "Desperate Housewives" finale aired last May,  Marcia Cross  has stayed mostly low-key. But when she was asked to participate in a PSA to promote prostate cancer awareness ', 'for the embryos has also been a tremendous move forward in the field of reproduction." "Desperate Housewives" star  Marcia Cross , 51, is just one of the few celebrity moms to admit she used donor eggs to conceive her twins. As for the rest ', 'looks fun to be with. I want to be on that show,\'" she said. "It\'s been a really special cast." Locklear,  Marcia Cross , Josie Bissett, Andrew Shue, Courtney Thorne-Smith, Grant Show, Daphne Zuniga, Doug Savant and Laura Leighton ', 'Shark Tank, The Voice Cindy Chupak Sex in the City, Modern Family, Coach, Men in Trees, Everybody Loves Raymond  Marcia Cross  Desperate Housewives, Everwood, Melrose Place Jesse Tyler Ferguson Modern Family Simon Fuller American Idol, So You ', "comedy-drama has been dishing up since the women of Wisteria Lane first hit our screens in 2004. The finale featured  Marcia Cross ' Bree on trial for the murder of Gabrielle's (Eva Longoria) perverted stepfather, Alejandro. Poor Mrs. McCluskey ", 'uncovered three things you may not know about the show: On-Set Therapy People magazine writer Charlotte Triggs said  Marcia Cross  "is like the therapist for the cast. She said everyone can vent to her." Eva Longoria sought comfort from her ', "Eva Longoria on Leaving 'Desperate Housewives,' Her Divorce and New Job With President Obama", 'knew what hit her. "It was everybody\'s second or third show, and I remember sitting in the trailer and [co-star  Marcia Cross ] saying, \'You know, your life\'s about to change. Our lives are about to change.\' And I\'m like, \'Why would ', 'colors. The collection has been worn by numerous leading ladies including Juliana Margulies, Catherine Zeta Jones,  Marcia Cross  and Edie Falco. Amelia Rose was founded by a former attorney turned jewelry designer who also gives back to the community ', 'but all three of her co-stars are also on our list.  Marcia Cross  ranks third with $10 million and Felicity Huffman and Marg Helgenberger. The pair tie for third place with  Marcia Cross . Each of the three women earned an estimated $10 million ', 'are still cutting edge; many doctors who do these procedures have yet to defrost any. Schlosberg noted that actress  Marcia Cross , who had twins at the age of 44, is the only celebrity she can think of who has discussed donor eggs publically ', 'died Saturday at the age of 70 , was nominated for an Emmy Award for her portrayal of the devious mother-in-law of  Marcia Cross \' character, Bree Hodge, on "Desperate Housewives." Endometrial cancer is the most common gynecological malignancy ', 'breakdown. But he loves that character. Orson, played by Kyle MacLachlan, is the husband of Bree, played by redhead  Marcia Cross  . Dos Santos is also betting Orson could exit the show, although her first guess is Bree\'s son Andrew. "I think ', 'they faced after 40. "Desperate Housewives" star  Marcia Cross  , who had twin girls at 44, told People magazine she she married husband stockbroker Tom Mahoney in 2006.  Marcia Cross  had twins through IVF. "I had already been through ', "This season finale of Desperate Housewives is just around the corner so we've got to think for you we've  Marcia Cross  on the show with noticed the slightly OCD. Martha Stewart van camp. Here to tell us all about the thanks so much for ", "around the corner so we've got to think for you we've -- Marcia Cross -- on the show with noticed the slightly OCD. Martha Stewart -- -- van camp. Here to tell us all about the ", "Desperate Housewives is just about halfway through its final season and joining us now to look back I had. Our dear friend  Marcia Cross  who plays that still perfect perfectionism Robert this season you know that she's back drinking and he is she's ", "and joining us now to look back I had. Our dear friend Marcia Cross who plays that -- still perfect perfectionism -- Robert this season you know that she's back drinking and -- -- he is ", 'we knew them so well growing up so what can we do with such a difficult problem right. I have a solution for you.  Marcia Cross  is here with us today not to talk about Desperate Housewives but she went to hallmark with a great idea called. That ', 'with such a difficult problem right. I have a solution for you. Marcia Cross is here with us today not to talk about -- Desperate Housewives but she went to hallmark with a great idea called. ', "there isn't the same story like to talk dirty hands on his goodness there. This is where played by Jamie And even  Marcia Cross  played a lot of interesting ever watch this show wasn't the only person American you know. Alley Wentworth was the ", "his goodness there. This is where played by Jamie -- And even Marcia Cross played a lot of interesting -- -- ever watch this show wasn't the only person American you know. Alley Wentworth was the ", "testing for the embryos. Also have been tremendous moves forward in the field of reproduction. Desperate Housewives star  Marcia Cross  admits she donor eggs to conceive her twins. Asked for the west's mom is the word for Good Morning America beyond ", "been tremendous moves forward in the field of reproduction. Desperate Housewives star Marcia Cross admits she -- donor eggs to conceive her twins. Asked for the west's mom is the word for Good Morning America beyond ", "line. With marcia, had a baby and then kidnapped it. A baby! How dare she. I'm here, honey. And who can forget  marcia cross , dr. Kimberly dangering her wig off and then matt ripping it off, too. The driver of that car was wearing a short ", "A baby! How dare she. I'm here, honey. And who can forget marcia cross , dr. Kimberly dangering her wig off and then matt ripping it off, too. The driver of that car was wearing a short ", "faded out these photos of day eight of the countdown. Behind the scenes and what she calls the three he got Longoria  Marcia Cross  herself. But it won't be dry high in the house on the or our homes when the series airs its finale on May thirteenth ", "and what she calls the three -- he got -- -- Longoria Marcia Cross herself. But it won't be dry high in the house on the -- or our homes when the series airs its finale "]