['Dolly Parton on Gay Rumors, Losing a Drag Queen Look-Alike Contest and New Memoir', 'the morning, get that makeup on and my high heels on, and even if I can\'t wear high heels, I\'m going to do like  Mae West , I\'m going to sit in a wheelchair with my high heels on."', "Transcript: The Great American Debates: 'There's Too Much Government In My Life'", 'right, in a Hollywood way that captures it in a line-- UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Should be a law against it. DONVAN:  Mae West  in "My Little Chickadee." Well, laws we\'ve got. Plenty of them. And rules and regulations and restrictions and ', 'admits has Puccini turning in his grave, Ray sings Nessun Dorma as a duet with a puppet. And there are his marionettes,  Mae West  and Dolly Parton. You could imagine what he does with them. "I\'m cheeky, never offensive," he said. Ray\'s love ', "10-foot-tall suit of armor in the shop doesn't have a price tag attached yet. Bill Clinton and Pee Wee Herman figures and  Mae West  dolls will find new owners someday. One man brought in a dog bed studded with 95,000 Swarovski crystals he claimed ", "themselves into a frenzy about it, she turns to some modern day money gurus such as Suze Orman, but also to Miss Piggy,  Mae West , Scarlett O'Hara, Auntie Mame and some good old-fashioned bon mots plucked from magazine and newspaper articles written during ", 'Manufactured Housing industries, exhibits here include the nation\'s oldest existing RV, a 1913 travel trailer, and  Mae West \'s 1931 Ford House Car," Blevins says. 800-378-8694; rvmhhalloffame.org Automotive Hall of Fame Dearborn ', "to the illness and never was able to see his son's films. Mastroianni died in Paris in December 1996 at age 72.  Mae West Mae West , the famous actress, writer and sex symbol, suffered from diabetes in the final 15 years of her life. The 5-foot-1-inch-tall ", 'been eliminated, leaving a charred husk of a shell containing meat that might have been albino walrus," "like licking  Mae West \'s face," "fish tasted like old ski boots," or, more to the point, "toxic scum on a stagnant pond" and "meals ', 'you want to jump in the honorific pond headfirst. QUOTE OF THE WEEK "Too much of a good thing can be wonderful." --  Mae West  BOOK EXCERPT OF THE WEEK "Joy At Work" by Dennis Bakke (PVG, 2005): "The World Bank recently conducted a survey ', 'game show host Wink Martindale\'s "Peace in the Valley" -- that\'ll have you longing for "Tic Tac Dough" -- or  Mae West \'s version of "Light My Fire." And, of course, who can forget that great Vulcan folksong, "If I Had a Hammer ', 'you think they will put you in the mood, they will put you in the mood," said Katz. Do Blonds Have More Fun? From  Mae West  to Marilyn Monroe to Farrah Fawcett to Pamela Anderson, blonds have embodied the notion of the sex symbol. But it was ', 'can get a boyfriend, you can get laid," Shelly, 37, says. She sees herself as both a female dynamo -- invoking  Mae West \'s, "I\'m more woman than you can handle and more man than you\'ll ever be" -- and an honest, and even romantic ', 'are better husbands, and they have more long-lasting marriages," Mazur said. 2. Do Blondes Have More Fun? From  Mae West  to Marilyn Monroe to Farrah Fawcett to Pamela Lee Anderson, blondes have embodied the notion of the sex symbol. But ', "these people island and you you get there. And it's so it's so crowded. Wishing you know it wasn't and remind  Mae west  was playing inside the city there is microphone down was on drums and. All time. I heard it from someone will let ", "so -- it's so crowded. Wishing you know it wasn't and remind Mae west was playing inside the -- city there is microphone down -- was on drums and. All -- time. I heard it from ", 'just to name a few. The studios started back in 1912 and called itself home to stars like. Valentino Cecil B to male  Mae West  just to name a few of the list of great films and The god father Indiana Jones Titanic you can see that picture up close ', 'and called itself home to stars like. Valentino Cecil B to male Mae West just to name a few of the list of great films -- and -- The god father Indiana Jones Titanic you can ', "addictions of the kind of lump it. All in together. As we got some good news Dolly Parton ended up taking in the entire  Mae West  outfit that to rest of Paris saw that she does. The Herald are inhabit their dream has come true and you're really ", "got some good news Dolly Parton ended up taking in the entire Mae West outfit that to rest of Paris saw that she does. The Herald are inhabit their dream has come true and you're really ", "thing inside us that says when something's not right CNN Hollywood way to captured in line. Should be lawlessness.  Mae West  little Chicopee will once we got plenty of them and rules and regulations and restrictions and limits and codes and requirements ", 'right CNN Hollywood way to captured in -- line. Should be lawlessness. Mae West -- -- little Chicopee will once we got plenty of them and rules and regulations and restrictions and limits and codes and ', "debut on the Jackson variety show with this provocative impersonation. Went to come up and so decent. That sassy little  Mae West  they would yes you're owning it and you're gonna do it fast today's fashion day you know Albert with me I'm not ", "provocative impersonation. Went to come up and so decent. That sassy little Mae West they would yes you're owning it and you're gonna do it fast today's fashion day you know Albert with me I'm not. "]