['Hoffman discusses his directorial debut and what it was like to work with Maggie Smith.', "gearing up for this already. And a new milestone for our favorite from downton abbey. How could you be so selfish? Dame  maggie smith  is imortallized in london's national portrait gallery. Unveiled today, the portrait is big, a full 63 inches ", "our favorite from downton abbey. How could you be so selfish? Dame maggie smith is imortallized in london's national portrait gallery. Unveiled today, the portrait is big, a full 63 inches. When dame maggie finally agreed ", 'Sam, this is for you. Okay. Dame  maggie smith  said she doesn\'t watch "downton abbey." If she watches, she will agonize over things she could do differently. You don\'t ', 'Sam, this is for you. Okay. Dame maggie smith said she doesn\'t watch "downton abbey." If she watches, she will agonize over things she could do differently. You don\'t need to ', "you're sending us yeah you don't have to distinguish what occurred or not. Potent. Threat and I don't think  Maggie Smith  and her prime. Could have come up with a more withering comment at that Keller it can't go on from there anyway ", "occurred or not. Potent. -- Threat and -- -- I don't think Maggie Smith and her prime. Could have come up with a more withering comment at that -- -- Keller it can't go on from ", 'pot. It\'s called "quartet." Three of them live together and they come together for a performance of "verdi."  Maggie smith . She actually came with the project. I\'m not sure she would have agreed with me directing. You chose a clip you ', 'them live together and they come together for a performance of "verdi." Maggie smith . She actually came with the project. I\'m not sure she would have agreed with me directing. You chose a clip you want ', "gonna do that for you so there's no Leo there's no Javier Bardem. They took out. Somebody who is extremely popular  Maggie Smith . Who is in two movies. Best exotic marigolds hotel and quartet we on Downton and they said. Best supporting actress ", "there's no Javier Bardem. They took out. Somebody who is extremely popular Maggie Smith . Who is in two movies. Best exotic marigolds hotel and quartet we -- on Downton -- and they said. Best supporting actress ", "gonna do that for you so there's no Leo there's no Javier Bardem. They took out. Somebody who is extremely popular  Maggie Smith  who is in two movies. Best exotic marigolds hotel and quartet we lover on Downton And they said. Best supporting actress ", "there's no Javier Bardem. They took out. Somebody who is extremely popular Maggie Smith who is in two movies. Best exotic marigolds hotel and quartet we lover on Downton -- And they said. Best supporting actress ", "There's Jacki Weaver in supporting actress was a surprise from silver linings playbook I think a lot of I expected  Maggie Smith . From best exotic America motel because that's the culture it was also possible the fruit of the before we are for ", "surprise from silver linings playbook I think a lot of I expected Maggie Smith . From best exotic America motel because that's the culture it was also possible the fruit of the -- -- -- -- -- ", "Downton is up for sale. That kicks the whole season off. No. Now, I want to see the whole thing. Let's get to  maggie smith , who is such an incredible character for the family. Do you all have favorite lines of her. The famous one. That's ", "No. Now, I want to see the whole thing. Let's get to maggie smith , who is such an incredible character for the family. Do you all have favorite lines of her. The famous one. That's a ", "have run that we'll never know what is your it was three yesterday. Our reaction to be outraged over reports that  Maggie Smith  might not return to down season three. Well as well mr. champion Michelle issued. Final to our report saying they ", 'was three yesterday. Our reaction to be outraged over reports that -- Maggie Smith might not return to down -- -- season three. Well as well mr. champion Michelle -- issued. Final -- to our report ']