["White House Correspondents' Dinners past: Kim Kardashian, our favorite guest, and Donald Trump's hair", "official photographer as well. This picture from 2008's dinner is General Peter Chiarelli taking a picture of me with  Morgan Fairchild . Jonathan Karl ABC News Senior Political Correspondent For me, one of the most memorable WHCD moments was when ", "official photographer as well. This picture from 2008's dinner is General Peter Chiarelli taking a picture of me with  Morgan Fairchild . Jonathan Karl category: ABC News Senior Political Correspondent For me, one of the most memorable WHCD moments was ", 'person knew mom ... she said, \'Hey, you\'re Eunice ... you\'re my favorite character.\'" But co-star  Morgan Fairchild  said Williams\' most cherished role was being a mother. "She loved those kids," Fairchild said. "She loved ', "introduction Our mother died three times. We have the first death on tape, recorded the day it aired in 1976:  Morgan Fairchild , wearing a trench coat and pale pink lip- gloss, shot her in the back. Over the past thirty years, we've each ", "marketing effort by the chain's new agency, Crispin Porter + Bogusky, no less campy than the 1990s Old Navy ads with  Morgan Fairchild  and Magic the Dog and former fashion editor Carrie Donovan, known for her big, black-rimmed glasses. The agency ", 'threats don\'t reach this level, celebrities often live in fear. Breaking From a Stalker Obsession TV and film star  Morgan Fairchild  once played the role of a stalking victim in the movie "The Seduction." And with the help of the LAPD stalking ', "Finn: She's hard. But Stockard Channing as a blonde could be great, or take the opposite tack and go with a  Morgan Fairchild , the cool glam. But Felicity Huffman could also pull it off, all polished and put together. Bowen: Michelle ", "Don't bother trying to get The Candidate to stop delivering those prostate cancer jokes. 24. All questions about  Morgan Fairchild  get forwarded to Chris Black. 25. Trust Benander as Obi-Wan Kenobi ... because I do. 26. No custard stops ", "Don't bother trying to get The Candidate to stop delivering those prostate cancer jokes. 24. All questions about  Morgan Fairchild  get forwarded to Chris Black. 25. Trust Benander as Obi-Wan Kenobi because I do. 26. No custard stops. Period ", 'West Wing" called the "Wes Wing" in many of Clark supporter posters); actresses Helen Hunt, Laura Dern, and  Morgan Fairchild ; singer Sheryl Crow; and comedian Larry David. Barbra Streisand was among those who attended another fundraiser ', 'along this list of what he says are *confirmed* celebrity attendees to today\'s candidate forum in Los Angeles: " Morgan Fairchild ; Blythe Danner; Arianna Huffington; Ed Begley Jr.; Julia Ormond; Peter Horton; Amy Smart; Wendy Malick; Lawrence ', 'delves into the famed romantic life of the single senator, mentioning Judge Roanne Sragow (see part five) and  Morgan Fairchild . LINK When asked about these swinging days, Kerry has this sly rejoinder: "\'If George Bush can run around and ', "Yoo-hoo! Want to see Jennifer Aniston kiss a girl? That's the viewer bait Friends is offering as its latest weapon against CBS's Thursday night ratings champ, Survivor: The Australian Outback. Realizing that the Monica-Chandler wedding might not be enough of a stunt to goose the ratings, NBC's", 'in the horror film "parasite." And she\'s not the only famous face who\'s passed through the hospital doors.  Morgan fairchild . I have to vacuum the limo. Reporter: Roseanne barr. And you owe me, big guy. Reporter: Tyne daly. Leonard ', "she's not the only famous face who's passed through the hospital doors. Morgan fairchild . I have to vacuum the limo. Reporter: Roseanne barr. And you owe me, big guy. Reporter: Tyne daly. Leonard theme moi before ", 'life imitates art. I watch it. TV and film star  Morgan Fairchild  once played the role of a stalking victim in the great risk. With the help of LAPD stalking unit  Morgan Fairchild  recently broke free her obsessed fan especially this ', 'in Hollywood life imitates art. I watch it. TV and film star Morgan Fairchild once played the role of a stalking victim in the movie the seduction. In real life she says she said many -- ', 'would be a great risk. With the help of LAPD stalking unit Morgan Fairchild recently broke free her obsessed fan especially this day and -- with all the technology is currently available. To any weird on ']