['A working-class girl from Texas, she has been training as a boxer since she was 12. Now, at 23, she is about to be among the first women to box at the Olympic Games. Marlen is a 5-foot-3, 112-pound flyweight, a first generation American.', 'Marlen speaks very little Spanish and has never been to Mexico. She lives in Houston, where Latinos are nearly 40% of the estimated 2 million residents.', 'Her father, David, who came to the United States from Mexico as a boy, thought differently. He sent his sons to box at Elite Boxing gym in Houston because he wanted them to emulate the success of boxing icon Julio Cesar Chavez. David believed Chavez had given Latinos a hero by becoming a six-time world champ in three weight classes.', 'When Marlen showed interest, the coach at Elite, Rudy Silva, refused to train a girl. Silva had set up the gym to train and mentor Latino boys from the high school where he worked as a police officer, hoping to fight crime and dropout rates.', 'But it took Marlen some time to realize why her parents believed international fame could be significant for a community that suffers from high rates of teen pregnancy, school dropout and is the subject of a rancorous immigration debate.', 'She realized that this was not just about her, but a community that really needed role models.', 'Congratulations to Marlen and her entire family! This is a long awaited event and we are so proud that you will be the one to represent not only Team USA but Latinos, Houstonians, and WOMEN!!!', 'You a great role model,more so being a female AWESOME!  My son 13year\'s of age, goin 4 yrs boxin n fixin to b an "open-boxer"  i tell him that anybody could acomplish anything nomatter race or gender....we r fr Houston\'s Northside....right now we r in Kansas Worldwide-Boxing Tournament, i kw he\'ll give it all he\'s got, his dad use to b a boxer n will dedicate this fight to him!!! Congrats n keep doin wat yr doin Marlen, great inspiration!', 'Marlen is a great athlete and role model.  I hope you report on her achievements outside of the ring.  She makes pretty good grades in school.  She was class president and graduated in the top two percent of her class at Pasadena High. She was accepted to Rice University, but decided instead to pursue her interest in a boxing career.', 'CNN welcomes a lively and courteous discussion as long as you follow the Rules of Conduct set forth in our Terms of Service. Comments are not pre-screened before they post. You agree that anything you post may be used, along with your name and profile picture, in accordance with our Privacy Policy and the license you have granted pursuant to our Terms of Service.', 'Black in America   Educator and parent guide to Black in AmericaMeet the NewMe entrepreneursSee all Black in America storiesSee Latino in America: Courting their Vote, on CNN.', 'Categories2012 Election Age Asian in America Black in America Community Discrimination Economy Education Engage Ethnicity Family Gender Health History How we live How we look Immigration Latino in America Politics Pop culture Race Relationships Religion Sexual orientation Social justice Sports What we think Where we live Who we are Women iReport  1940s census data is now available online. What can you find out about your family or home?Cultural Census: Eat dinnerCultural Census: How do you get around?Cultural Census: Read aloud, share your accentCultural Census: Self-portraitsCultural Census: Write this down']