['the top 10. Her role as Rachel Dawes in "Batman Begins" in 2005 was highly criticized and she was replaced by  Maggie Gyllenhaal  in the sequel. With her career seemingly at a crossroads, Holmes entered another stratosphere with her marriage ', 'the top 10. Her role as Rachel Dawes in "Batman Begins" in 2005 was highly criticized and she was replaced by  Maggie Gyllenhaal  in the sequel. With her career seemingly at a crossroads, Holmes entered another stratosphere with her marriage to ', '1964 Dwight Gooden 1966 Dean McDermott 1967 Lisa Bonet 1970 Martha Plimpton 1975 Julio Lugo 1977 Oksana Baiul 1977  Maggie Gyllenhaal  1979 Bruce Irons Jump back to Nov. 15: Day in History . View more videos from This Month in History: November ', "feather duster form -- to quicken the climax. The romantic comedy, which stars Hugh Dancy as a medical protege and  Maggie Gyllenhaal  as his mentor's daughter, details the evolution of the female orgasm from a chore once resisted to the challenge ", 'Supersize Me filmmaker Morgan Spurlock seeing what our ancestor\'s lives were like in "I, Caveman," and actress  Maggie Gyllenhaal  revealing "Why is Sex Fun." "The series is all about satisfying our curiosity about the world," Hendricks says ', "it's cool. These super-comfortable shoes have shown up on the feet of indie stars like Michelle Williams and  Maggie Gyllenhaal  -- instantly making them a hipster's must-have. They look fresh and casually chic paired with a printed sundress ", 'a few famous faces in this Oscar edition of "Good Morning America Weekend\'s" "Your 3 Words." Everyone from  Maggie Gyllenhaal  , nominated for best supporting actress for "Crazy Heart," to Barney Burman, the makeup whiz behind "Star Trek ', 'shoulder will continue to be trends." Verreos singled out two nominees as ones to watch. " Carey Mulligan and  Maggie Gyllenhaal  are the \'it\' girls," he said. "They\'re the fashionista girls. They\'re willing to put themselves out there ', 'Based on country legend Hank Thompson, the vilm is up for best actor (Jeff Bridges) best supporting actress ( Maggie Gyllenhaal ) and best original song ("The Weary Kind.") 10. Make It the \'Feel-Good Movie of the Year\' Sometimes the ', 'Precious") Vera Farmiga ("Up in the Air") Anna Kendrick ("Up in the Air") Penelope Cruz ("The Nine")  Maggie Gyllenhaal  ("Crazy Heart") Best Supporting Actor Christoph Waltz ("Inglourious Basterds") Woody Harrelson ("The Messenger ', "who seeks redemption and a second chance through an improbable love affair with a small-town reporter, played by  Maggie Gyllenhaal . Blake is a music industry veteran, both burning out and fading away. He can't write songs like he used to and ", 'understanding the lessons." "Nightline" visited "Sesame Street\'s" studios, where Golden Globe nominated actress  Maggie Gyllenhaal  was filming the "Word on the Street" spot for the show, which is aimed at building kids\' vocabulary. While 4-year-olds ', 'was reportedly arrested hours after attending the London premiere of his film "The Dark Knight," with co-stars  Maggie Gyllenhaal , Aaron Eckhart and Michael Caine. The UK\'s Sun newspaper reported that detectives allowed the actor to attend ', 'Oscar-nominated actress, has starred in a little bit of everything. Indy films like "secretary" and "crazy heart." And  maggie gyllenhaal , teaming up with channing tatum, in "house down." Here she is interviewing john for a job. You did three tours ', 'little bit of everything. Indy films like "secretary" and "crazy heart." And maggie gyllenhaal , teaming up with channing tatum, in "house down." Here she is interviewing john for a job. You did three tours in afghanistan? ', 'now is film crazy heart. Starring Jeff Bridges and  Maggie Gyllenhaal . Maggie will be with us in just a minute to talk You that. Completely for bacterium. That State.  Maggie Gyllenhaal  welcome to the here. And I think I want to start ', 'major happening right now is film crazy heart. Starring Jeff Bridges and Maggie Gyllenhaal . Maggie will be with us in just a minute to talk about the experience of making this movie with Jeff Bridges. But ', '-- -- That -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- State. Maggie Gyllenhaal welcome to the -- -- -- here. And I think I want to start by just having you instead of me. Explain ', "I wake up like you haven't heard at a time we're we are delighted. To have acclaimed actress  Maggie Gyllenhaal  here with us we loved crazy heart Oscar nomination now she's starring. In a provocative new comedy called hysteria. Would you ", "time we're -- -- -- we are delighted. To have acclaimed actress Maggie Gyllenhaal here with us we loved -- crazy heart -- -- Oscar nomination now she's starring. In a provocative new comedy called hysteria. ", "all acher, because there are a lot of great teachers out there in america. Yes. and it starred viola davis and  maggie gyllenhaal , holly hunter, and we have like a star-studded cast. Yeah, it is pretty incredible. It's about a parent ", "teachers out there in america. Yes. and it starred viola davis and maggie gyllenhaal , holly hunter, and we have like a star-studded cast. Yeah, it is pretty incredible. It's about a parent and teacher who decides ", "there. I and act. On the day we visited actress  Maggie Gyllenhaal  was shooting. Word on the street a little bit building the show a four year old probably doesn't know  Maggie Gyllenhaal  is but that four year old probably does. And is ", "look over there. I and act. On the day we visited actress Maggie Gyllenhaal was shooting. Word on the street a little bit -- building kids' vocabulary. She was also showing off her piggy. How did ", "celebrities on the show a four year old probably doesn't know -- Maggie Gyllenhaal is but that four year old -- probably does. And is more likely to watch with his kids and that improves the ", 'another lady already Well Houston spotted out with mile again. That you state Shia LaBeouf and they were His sister  Maggie Gyllenhaal  the arc and they went to dinner at loop in new York and then they went all the way to Nashville I Mumford and sons ', 'again. That you state Shia LaBeouf and they were -- His sister Maggie Gyllenhaal -- the arc and they went to dinner at loop in new York and then they went all the way to Nashville ', "the it's label is. If I had to pick one this season it would be Alexander when you have to face celebrities had  Maggie Gyllenhaal  he told me how much she loves his work MIA issue Lincoln British singer they're she's in a very funny thing she ", "season it would be Alexander when you have to face celebrities had Maggie Gyllenhaal he told me how much she loves his work MIA issue Lincoln British singer -- they're -- she's in a very funny "]