['The White House on Friday insisted it\'s not trying to take over two ailing financial institutions, even as stocks tumbled again.On Wall Street, talk of nationalization of Citigroup Inc., and Bank of America Corp., prompted investors to continue to balk, worried that the government would have to take control and wipe out shareholders in the process. Citigroup fell 20 percent, while Bank of America fell 12 percent in afternoon trading but also came off their lowest levels."This administration continues to strongly believe that a privately held banking system is the correct way to go, ensuring that they are regulated sufficiently by this government," White House press secretary Robert Gibbs said when asked about nationalizing the banks."That\'s been our belief for quite some time, and we continue to have that," Gibbs said.Investors have shown decreasing confidence that U.S. banks can right themselves. Citigroup and Bank of America have already received significant help from taxpayers as th...', "Former Fed Official Gerald O' Driscoll on why he thinks banks should be allowed to fail.", 'The Obama administration is straining to tamp down speculation that major banks will be nationalized, after jittery investors sent financial stocks into a tailspin F...', 'Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke on Wednesday again spurned speculation that the government may nationalize Citigroup or other big banks.When asked about Citigr...', "FBN's Liz MacDonald breaks down the  bank nationalization  facts vs. fears that are pummeling the markets.", 'WASHINGTON --The economy is suffering a "severe contraction," Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke told Congress on Tuesday. But he planted a glimmer of hope that t...', "Lenox Advisors Managing Director Bob Hartnett on the next step for the nation's banks", 'FBN Senior Washington Correspondent Peter Barnes reports on the government possibly expanding its ownership of Citigroup to as much as 40%.', "Hugo Chavez Threatens to Nationalize  Venezuela's Banks , Largest Steel Producer", 'Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez on Thursday threatened to nationalize the country\'s banks and largest steel producer, accusing them of unscrupulous practices."Priva...', 'Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper on whether the government will  nationalize  the  banks .', 'Rumors of a plan to nationalize U.S. banks have fueled debate this week in Washington and on Wall Street over how far the Obama administration will go to rescue the ...', 'This is a rush transcript of "Special Report With Bret Baier" from February 23, 2009. This copy may not be in its final form and may be updated.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SEN...', 'This is a rush transcript of "Special Report With Bret Baier" from February 23, 2009. This copy may not be in its final form and may be updated.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SEN...', 'The British government said Wednesday it would partly nationalize major banks, with taxpayers taking a share stake in a bid to shore up a financial sector that many ...', 'Brookings Institution Fellow Doug Elliott with details of a last-resort  bank - nationalization  plan for if things go from bad to worse in the financial crisis.', 'This is a rush transcript from "Glenn Beck," February 16, 2009. This copy may not be in its final form and may be updated.GLENN BECK, HOST: There\'s been a growing cr...', 'By John R. Lott, Jr. Author, Freedomnomics /Senior Research Scientist, University of MarylandWhy has the stock market fallen so much as politicians have talked about...']