['are in Boston and with everyone affected by this nightmare of an incident." "Extra" host and Medford, Mass., native  Maria Menounos  tweeted : "keep getting overwhelmed w/tears. the photos are devastating. god bless those affected & our first responders ', "Zuckerman said. Some celebrities do it the old-fashioned way: slashing the calories. According to People, 34-year-old  Maria Menounos ' typical daily menu contains just 1,000 calories, while George Clooney's girlfriend, wrestler Stacy Keibler, 32 ", "Credit: Todd Oren/Getty Images.  Maria Menounos  dreads going into the exam room, and she has good reason. According to Us Weekly , on Howard Stern's radio show today, the ", "Shepherd, and singers Gavin DeGraw and Gladys Knight, actress Melissa Gilbert, Disney star Roshon Fegan, and TV personality  Maria Menounos  have already been eliminated this season. Tonight's Scores: Donald Driver and Peta Murgatroyd: 29, 30: Total: 59 ", 'After a stunning elimination from the "Dancing With the Stars" semifinals Tuesday night ,  Maria Menounos , who had undeniable chemistry on the dance floor with pro partner Derek Hough, said her longtime boyfriend didn\'t mind the ', "'Dancing With the Stars': Maria Menounos  and Derek Hough Voted Off in Week 9 of Season 14", ' (Image Credit: ABC)  Maria Menounos  and Derek Hough were eliminated from "Dancing With the Stars" tonight. Of the couples who performed Monday night, Menounos ', 'would have given every couple so far "9s," not a "10."  Maria Menounos  and Derek Hough\'s Tango . Upper body great and very sophisticated rewarding because it means that the game is open for everyone.  Maria Menounos  and Derek Hough\'s Jive . Clever opening and very promising ', 'percent." The pair earned 27 points from the judges.  Maria Menounos : The "Extra" co-host danced the tango with her partner with only Goodman giving them a 9. Tonight\'s Scores:  Maria Menounos  and Derek Hough: 30, 29. Total: 59 William Levy and ', "'Dancing With the Stars': Melissa Gilbert and Roshon Fegan Voted Off in Week 8 of Season 14", 'contestants Jerry Rice and Kenny Mayne, and the show\'s head judge, Len Goodman. NFL star Donald Driver, "Extra" co-host  Maria Menounos , telenovela actor William Levy and Welsh classical singer Katherine Jenkins will return to compete in next week\'s semi-finals ', "that's what we call staccato. Good scores! If this was the last performance of the night it could have been 10 in my book.  Maria Menounos  and Derek Hough's Viennese Waltz . Beautiful job on the choreography, keeping it soft and tender. They have very nice ", "'Dancing With the Stars': William Levy Gets Perfect Score, Leads the Pack in Week 8", 'had a total of 55 points out of 60 for the night.  Maria Menounos : The "Extra" co-host\'s expressive Viennese waltz William Levy and Cheryl Burke: 30, 27: Total: 57  Maria Menounos  and Derek Hough: 28, 25: Total: 53', "'Dancing With the Stars' Season 14: Jaleel White Voted Off in Week 7 of Season 14", 'competed this season but was eliminated earlier. In addition to Fegan, returning next week to compete are "Extra" co-host  Maria Menounos , NFL player Donald Driver, Welsh opera singer Katherine Jenkins and telenovela star William Levy. Along with DeGraw ', "Louis Van Amstel's 'Dancing With the Stars' Season 14 Dish: Classical Week Recap", "nomination for outstanding choreography it was my Carmina Burana Paso Doble also performed by Vittolio, the opera singer.)  Maria Menounos  and Derek Hough's Paso Doble . Maria looks so beautiful in that red dress - very appropriate for Paso Doble and the song ", "'DWTS' pros dish on season's first perfect 30 score for  Maria Menounos'  dance.", '"DWTS" elimination of Derek Hough and  Maria Menounos  takes everyone by surprise.', 'Maria Menounos , Derek Hough are voted off show despite top spot on leader-board.']