["Desperate Housewives is just about halfway through its final season and joining us now to look back I had. Our dear friend  Marcia Cross  who plays that still perfect perfectionism Robert this season you know that she's back drinking and he is she's ", "and joining us now to look back I had. Our dear friend Marcia Cross who plays that -- still perfect perfectionism -- Robert this season you know that she's back drinking and -- -- he is ", 'we knew them so well growing up so what can we do with such a difficult problem right. I have a solution for you.  Marcia Cross  is here with us today not to talk about Desperate Housewives but she went to hallmark with a great idea called. That ', 'with such a difficult problem right. I have a solution for you. Marcia Cross is here with us today not to talk about -- Desperate Housewives but she went to hallmark with a great idea called. ', "there isn't the same story like to talk dirty hands on his goodness there. This is where played by Jamie And even  Marcia Cross  played a lot of interesting ever watch this show wasn't the only person American you know. Alley Wentworth was the ", "his goodness there. This is where played by Jamie -- And even Marcia Cross played a lot of interesting -- -- ever watch this show wasn't the only person American you know. Alley Wentworth was the ", "testing for the embryos. Also have been tremendous moves forward in the field of reproduction. Desperate Housewives star  Marcia Cross  admits she donor eggs to conceive her twins. Asked for the west's mom is the word for Good Morning America beyond ", "been tremendous moves forward in the field of reproduction. Desperate Housewives star Marcia Cross admits she -- donor eggs to conceive her twins. Asked for the west's mom is the word for Good Morning America beyond ", "line. With marcia, had a baby and then kidnapped it. A baby! How dare she. I'm here, honey. And who can forget  marcia cross , dr. Kimberly dangering her wig off and then matt ripping it off, too. The driver of that car was wearing a short ", "A baby! How dare she. I'm here, honey. And who can forget marcia cross , dr. Kimberly dangering her wig off and then matt ripping it off, too. The driver of that car was wearing a short ", "faded out these photos of day eight of the countdown. Behind the scenes and what she calls the three he got Longoria  Marcia Cross  herself. But it won't be dry high in the house on the or our homes when the series airs its finale on May thirteenth ", "and what she calls the three -- he got -- -- Longoria Marcia Cross herself. But it won't be dry high in the house on the -- or our homes when the series airs its finale ", "some hair Kathy Kathy Griffin what's up with the big big. here I know. You know it's funny that. It's like  Marcia Cross  that she said was your inspiration yeah right Amanda and I Bits of sleep and thanks so much I appreciate it well thank ", "big. -- here I know. You know it's funny that. It's like Marcia Cross that she said was your inspiration yeah -- -- -- -- -- right -- Amanda -- and I -- Bits of sleep ", "walks on Into a scene you know you know troubles coming. This has been a big year for all of the cast members have  Marcia Cross  has given birth to twins hasn't endorsed Tony Parker. You're engaged yes when might we be seeing you walk the Michael ", "has been a big year for all of the cast members have Marcia Cross has given birth to twins -- -- -- hasn't endorsed Tony Parker. You're engaged yes when might we be seeing you walk ", "happen a little bit about this. Well I timing unitas wasn't ready to go back in the series and and then I think that  Marcia Cross  has done a phenomenal job with period think she's fantastic and she cracks me up I loved working with now Catherine ", "go back in the series and -- and then I think that Marcia Cross has done a phenomenal job with period think she's fantastic and she cracks me up I loved working with -- now -- ", "extinct in just a few generations. Yeah. think about all the Hollywood stars like Nicole Desperate Housewives star  Marcia Cross  or great Britain's Prince Harry and late night host Conan O'Brien. And did you know disproportionately large number ", "think about all the Hollywood stars like Nicole -- Desperate Housewives star Marcia Cross or great Britain's Prince Harry and late night host Conan O'Brien. And did you know -- disproportionately large number of US presidents "]