['for OWN. The network\'s monthly "Documentary Film Club" will feature a host of celebrity-produced projects.  Mariel Hemingway  looks at the legacy of suicide in her own family in "Seven Suicides," Gabriel Byrne explores homelessness in ', 'It\'s part of OWN\'s monthly "Documentary Film Club" which features a host of celebrity-produced projects.  Mariel Hemingway  looks at the legacy of suicide in her own family in "Seven Suicides," Gabriel Byrne explores homelessness in Nashville ', "Oprah Winfrey's OWN Cast of Characters: Rosie O'Donnell, Gayle King, Julia Roberts and More", 'It\'s part of OWN\'s monthly "Documentary Film Club" which features a host of celebrity-produced projects.  Mariel Hemingway  looks at the legacy of suicide in her own family in "Seven Suicides," Gabriel Byrne explores homelessness in Nashville ', "how Mom explained it to me. The following spring, I had another audition. This time, I was up for the part of  Mariel Hemingway 's younger sister in Star 80. Mariel was playing Dorothy Stratten, the Playboy playmate killed by her jealous ", "Actress  Mariel Hemingway  never knew her famous grandfather. But Stephen Crisman, Mariel's husband of 18 years, says she carries the family traits ", 'Mariel Hemingway  explains how to reduce kitchen waste with eco-friendly storage.', "have a series on it called in the house right interview celebrities and my house and and one of my first guest was  Mariel Hemingway  about her new cookbook and you it's just me I couldn't believe it Mary Hemingway who spent Oscar nominated and ", "celebrities and my house and and one of my first guest was Mariel Hemingway -- -- -- about her new cookbook and you it's just me I couldn't believe it Mary Hemingway who spent Oscar nominated ", "interesting about this is there are gluten free it's  Mariel Hemingway 's brand. Now unlike so many other celebrity one that really worked with Paul because again like  Mariel Hemingway  he was really into it. up and you know what's ", "peace. Well what's interesting about this is there are gluten free it's Mariel Hemingway's brand. Now unlike so many other celebrity. Product you don't -- picture on the front to actually just a little picture on ", "the only one that really worked with Paul -- because again like Mariel Hemingway he was really into it. -- up and you know what's interesting is there's more than four grams of fat but primarily ", "really This kind of hole celebrity's built around it is is environment right now. Other people are also a you know  Mariel Hemingway  actress she's going to be there as well. She's also a heavily environmental activism. Beyond that there are ", "environment -- -- right now. Other people are also a you know Mariel Hemingway -- actress -- she's going to be there as well. She's also a heavily -- -- environmental activism. Beyond that there are "]