['Oscar winner  Marcia Gay Harden  filed for divorce from her husband Thaddaeus Scheel after 15-years of marriage. "For the sake of the couple\'s three children ', 'comedy stars Page ("Juno") as a Texas teen unhappy and uncomfortable with the beauty-pageant life her mother ( Marcia Gay Harden ) has created for her. She\'d much rather kick butt on wheels as part of a local, underground roller derby league ', "with actors. Harris' portrayal of painter Jackson Pollock earned him one of his four Oscar nods and co-star  Marcia Gay Harden  won the best supporting actress Academy Award. Harris says his directing hiatus had everything to do with wanting ", "credulity. In fact, belief is what the entire premise hinges on. A wild-eyed religious zealot named Mrs. Carmody ( Marcia Gay Harden ) sees the events as a sign of God's wrath and preaches non-stop to the huddled grocery store masses. As things ", 'didn\'t care for that." One character in "The Mist," Mrs. Carmody played by Academy Award-winning actress  Marcia Gay Harden  is a religious zealot, whose hysteria fuels tensions within the supermarket. When asked about the fact that religious ', 'product," says Birkenstock spokeswoman Jenny Mirmelstein, who says the company counts actresses like Oscar winners  Marcia Gay Harden  and Jodie Foster as fans. But it\'s not just companies and marketers who lick their lips in anticipation of a gift ', 'George Clooney ("always has time to sign"), country singer LeAnn Rimes, Limp Bizkit\'s Fred Durst and actress  Marcia Gay Harden . A Thriving Business Steve Woolf, 47, and his son Jeffrey, 20, are two of about 50 full-time professional ', 'and the worst stars to hit up for their John Hancock: BEST Angelina Jolie George Clooney LeAnn Rimes Fred Durst  Marcia Gay Harden  Eddie Murphy Russell Crowe Julia Roberts Mel Gibson Sylvester Stallone WORST Tobey Maguire Cameron Diaz Edward Norton ', 'and the worst stars to hit up for their John Hancock: BEST Angelina Jolie George Clooney LeAnn Rimes Fred Durst  Marcia Gay Harden  Eddie Murphy Russell Crowe Julia Roberts Mel Gibson Sylvester Stallone WORST Tobey Maguire Cameron Diaz Edward Norton ', 'and the worst stars to hit up for their John Hancock: BEST Angelina Jolie George Clooney LeAnn Rimes Fred Durst  Marcia Gay Harden  Eddie Murphy Russell Crowe Julia Roberts Mel Gibson Sylvester Stallone WORST Tobey Maguire Cameron Diaz Edward Norton ', 'and the worst stars to hit up for their John Hancock: BEST Angelina Jolie George Clooney LeAnn Rimes Fred Durst  Marcia Gay Harden  Eddie Murphy Russell Crowe Julia Roberts Mel Gibson Sylvester Stallone WORST Tobey Maguire Cameron Diaz Edward Norton ', 'and the worst stars to hit up for their John Hancock: BEST Angelina Jolie George Clooney LeAnn Rimes Fred Durst  Marcia Gay Harden  Eddie Murphy Russell Crowe Julia Roberts Mel Gibson Sylvester Stallone WORST Tobey Maguire Cameron Diaz Edward Norton ', 'and the worst stars to hit up for their John Hancock: BEST Angelina Jolie George Clooney LeAnn Rimes Fred Durst  Marcia Gay Harden  Eddie Murphy Russell Crowe Julia Roberts Mel Gibson Sylvester Stallone WORST Tobey Maguire Cameron Diaz Edward Norton ', 'controversial tell me at Maine about that case Amanda Knox murder on trial in Italy. Starred Hayden panicked here and  Marcia Gay Harden  and first aired in February. It sparked controversy for its portrayal of knocks the cable channel says it will be ', 'Amanda Knox murder on trial in Italy. Starred Hayden panicked here and Marcia Gay Harden and first aired in February. It sparked controversy for its portrayal of knocks the cable channel says it will be rebroadcast the ']