["LIVE at 5amET: We're covering the latest in deadly train derailment in Spain, and more on the Anthony Weiner sexting scandal. ", "After 40 years of Title IX, athletes Jackie Joyner-Kersee and Cheyenne Woods on the law's legacy and continuing to fight for equality in sports ", "It's hard to believe that it's been 40 years since the passage of Title IX, the landmark 1972 law that ensured equal treatment of women and men in all federally funded institutions. ", 'That law had a huge impact in women\'s sports in particular, and it\'s the subject a new documentary called "Sporting Chance," which will premiere this weekend on ESPN2. ', 'Tonight in New York at Lincoln Center, a cast of prominent female athletes, including legendary three-time Olympic gold medalist Jackie Joyner-Kersee, will hold a panel discussion on Title IX and its impact over the years. ', 'This morning on "Early Start," Joyner-Kersee and Cheyenne Woods, LPGA golfer and the niece of Tiger Woods, talk with Ashleigh Banfield about the huge importance of Title IX, and asks them whether the U.S. still needs the law. ', ", boyfriend or hunbasd(he can  learn that women have contributed so much more to sports than the pom-pom  on the sideline), son (he'll learn to respect girl athletes, and play with  them), or daughter (she'll know she's not alone in her quest for athletic  excellence)- they can all get something great out of this long overdue  contribution to the history of women in sport.", "The worst thing to happen to men's soccer in the southeast. For many people, all they look at is how this rule revolutioned women's equality in the world of sports. From my perspective, it cut down several of my dreams in the process. Greedy southern schools focused on funding football, but forced to cut down budget to equalize men and women in scholarship money. Obviously, each school should focus on cutting budgets for their 'prized' football programs; not the case. The SEC completely eliminated soccer programs from each school to level the playing field and make it look 'fair.' Fair for me turned out to be a dream that I will never have the chance to live. The same dream this rule tried to create for others.", 'CNN welcomes a lively and courteous discussion as long as you follow the Rules of Conduct set forth in our Terms of Service. Comments are not pre-screened before they post. You agree that anything you post may be used, along with your name and profile picture, in accordance with our Privacy Policy and the license you have granted pursuant to our Terms of Service.', 'About this Show:"Early Start with John Berman & Zoraida Sambolin" airs weekdays from 5am to 7am Eastern on CNN. Check in on our blog regularly for news, show updates and a little bit of fun.', 'hmmm. Will there be snacks? RT @MichaelaCNN: @JohnBerman come back! All is forgiven. Plus we need The @NewDay Award of The Day Award', 'Popular PostsGreat white shark "Mary Lee" enters NC\'s outer banks - OCEARCH Founder Chris Fischer on the shark\'s travels', "New nasty stomach bug Sydney 2012 makes its way to U.S. - Elizabeth Cohen on why it's so bad", 'Did George Zimmerman violate his concealed weapon permit on night of Trayvon Martin shooting? Retired officer Lou Palumbo weighs in']