["French actress on learning English and working with some of America's top talent", "Just wonderful Such soul music. So that he can. It's possible some Old. Different today in the decline and sometimes kept us from different some song won't give us news tradition and historical commission it actually include. Particularly the accidental or protection. The group of report of food to", "Some of your continued questions. Thank you. It appears that the designer fooled them again. This time, on  marion cotillard . There's her dress. It happened again, or so you thought. But look at this dress on the runway, the way it's ", "you. It appears that the designer fooled them again. This time, on marion cotillard . There's her dress. It happened again, or so you thought. But look at this dress on the runway, the way it's shown ", "and play and have been before but you've got so many fabulous women in nine for example the people wanna see.  Marion Cotillard  in Kate Hudson Nicole Kidman and and to Penelope Cruz. And that's director Rob Marshall band director Garry Marshall ", "so many fabulous women in nine for example the people wanna see. Marion Cotillard in Kate Hudson -- Nicole Kidman and and to Penelope Cruz. And that's -- director Rob Marshall band director Garry Marshall who's ", "in the best articulation of a wedding cake. brought on yeah I just ahead but that's not solicit yeah now about  Marion Cotillard  she also look beautiful tonight. So just actually standing in sexy and again her Dior dress lined the transfer spring ", "yeah I just ahead but that's not solicit yeah now -- about Marion Cotillard she also look beautiful tonight. So just actually standing in sexy and again her Dior dress -- lined the transfer spring as ", "Ellen Page in Juno. Can she take it away from the better. But and this is even three since there was an actress  Marion Cotillard . Who played Ethiopia in beyond rose and if anybody in Hollywood knew she was before she didn't is if he'd probably ", "-- and this is even three -- since there was an actress Marion Cotillard . Who played Ethiopia in -- beyond rose and if anybody in Hollywood knew she was before she didn't is -- -- if ", "next day Julie Christie is a pretty good bet for that. Coming up bombing outside with a punctures chance to win.  Marion Cotillard  for Abiola wrote this movie plays as though was edited on an iPod Shuffle and yet her personal servants I didn't ", "for that. Coming up bombing outside with a punctures chance to win. Marion Cotillard for Abiola wrote this movie plays as though was edited on an iPod Shuffle and yet her personal servants I didn't give ", "on it wasn't as. It looks different. Yes and we're gonna have an interview with her latest everybody. Also  Marion Cotillard  who won for best actress on. That again I heard people. All over the lot some people said it's fish scale of ", "Yes and we're gonna have an interview with her latest everybody. Also Marion Cotillard who won for best actress -- -- on. That again I heard people. All over the lot some people said it's fish ", 'Webcast: The Making of Barack Obama, Illiteracy in America, American Idol...in Afghanistan?', "went to a surprise Tilda Swinton thanked her Michael Clayton co star George Clooney in June man. teary and surprise  Marion Cotillard  took the stage to accept the best actress Oscar for playing the singer Edith Piaf in Latvian rose. I'm speechless ", "co star George Clooney in June -- man. -- teary and surprise Marion Cotillard took the stage to accept the best actress Oscar for playing the singer Edith Piaf in Latvian rose. I'm speechless man I ", 'everywhere from rat everywhere on magnetic every. I feel the ultimate lady in red and I have to also. Given nine to  Marion Cotillard  who would have thought that somebody wearing a mermaid like down with look so incredibly immediately and she really ', 'ultimate lady in red and I have to also. Given nine to Marion Cotillard who would have thought that somebody wearing a mermaid like down with -- look so incredibly immediately and she really rocked I ', 'a surprise Tilda Swinton thanked her Michael Clayton costar George Clooney Barack man. Eight teary and surprise  Marion Cotillard  took the stage to accept the best actress Oscar for playing the singer Edith Piaf in rose man. I yes thank me ', 'Michael Clayton costar George Clooney -- Barack man. Eight teary and surprise Marion Cotillard took the stage to accept the best actress Oscar for playing the singer Edith Piaf in -- rose -- -- -- man. ', "movie where he plays it straight I don't wanna give all the jokes away but here's what happens when tracks down  Marion Cotillard . At a local Easter. Don't Perhaps apt to live presser it is a great line bus waiting tables at a restaurant she ", "all the jokes away but here's what happens when -- tracks down Marion Cotillard . At a local Easter. Don't -- -- -- -- Perhaps apt to live presser it is a great line bus -- -- "]