["Darth Vader I could live with. At least you knew where you stood with him. Not Jabba. One minute you're a trusted member of the gang, the next minute he flips a switch and you're down in the pit with a blood-thirsty Rancor. I had a CEO who was just like that.", "Granted, I've never actually had to sell my soul to the devil to keep my job, but I did have a boss from hell who was a raving lunatic, threw temper tantrums like a deranged child and routinely kicked holes in the walls. ", "A dysfunctional, childish, petulant, distrustful misanthrope who treats his employees like pawns, and that's on a good day. He's also a problem-solving genius, so it's impossible to outthink or outmaneuver his cruel manipulations. That describes about half the founders in Silicon Valley.", 'Yes, I had a real-life boss who was every bit as abusive and cruel as this guy was: "You are nothing! If you were in my toilet I wouldn\'t bother flushing it." He used to berate us just like that. Did I ever imagine kidnapping and torturing him like in the movie? Nah.', "Your typical sadistic billionaire CEO, except this one actually does keep a Rancor around, just for laughs. Not quite as evil as Montgomery Burns from the Simpson's, but could you imagine having to work for your insufferable father-in-law? I'd rather take my chances with the Rancor.", 'No, I\'ve never had a boss who expected me to kidnap a child or commit suicide while reciting Edgar Allen Poe\'s "The Raven." But I was forced to work with lawyers, venture capitalists and Wall Street investment bankers. Does that count? ', "If you've never had to work weekends and holidays for a cantankerous, cold-hearted boss who thinks your life should revolve around him and his company, you don't know what you're missing. Now I work for myself -- and I still don't have a life. Go figure", 'Sometimes it seems like doctors were actually put on earth to torture us -- just like bosses. Besides caring much more about profits than patients, Kelso (right) has the emotional intelligence of cardboard, or about average for a Fortune 500 CEO. Favorite quote: "It\'s not my job to care"', "Ammer's a slimy boss who treats Michael Newman (Adam Sandler) like his personal slave. When Newman farts in his boss's face, it reminded me of a CEO who used to let 'em rip all the time in the boardroom. No, I'm not kidding. I wish I had that magic remote control back then ", 'I had a greedy, power-hungry boss who threw employees under the bus without a second thought. Sometimes I have nightmares where I\'m strapped to a table, about to be cut in two by a laser. Terrified, I say, "Do you expect me to work?" With his hand on the laser control, my boss sneers, "No, Mr. Tobak, I expect you to die!"', "Horrible bosses are depicted in classic sci-fi movies like 'Star Wars' and TV shows like 'Family Guy'", "Editor's note: Steve Tobak is a Silicon Valley-based management consultant, executive coach and former senior executive of the technology industry. Follow him on Facebook, Twitter or LinkedIn.", "(CNN) -- Every so often I'll see a movie or a TV show where a boss is over-the-top bad, and it's supposed to be hilarious or terrifying.", "But I've had bosses who did some of the same things in real life. Perhaps the echoes of reality is what makes these fictitious bosses stand out.", "Come to think of it, I wasn't always such a great boss myself, so maybe it was just karma.", 'Here are some of the ones that reminded me of horrible bosses I had in real life. I know -- I probably deserved it.', 'Who gets your vote for the worst bosses from film and TV? Let us know in the comments, below.', 'The global financial crisis has made college degrees more important than ever in raising personal income, a new study by the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development has found.', "Take a look inside some of the offices of Silicon Valley's most well-known companies.", 'Over the next few years, offices will start to have robots roaming around on wheel. ', "Every so often you see a movie or a TV show where a boss is over-the-top bad, and it's supposed to be hilarious or terrifying. ", 'One way for women to combat the stereotype that they are less fit as leaders than men is to be less cheerful.', 'When it comes to negotiating a salary for a new job it can pay to ask for a precise figure.', 'Too often the meaning gets lost in the message, says Rose Fass, so clarity is key.', 'Women are less ready to compromise their ethics in pursuit of success at work, a recent study has suggested.', 'The global talent war is heating up as baby boomers begin their mass exodus from the workforce.', "From 'guanxi' to a bilingual CV, there are ways and means foreigners can get a career boost in China.", 'Soft skills on the high seas go a long way. Andrew St George on leadership lessons from the navy.', 'A survey by a U.S. job website has listed the top 10 jobs this year. You may be surprised. ', 'The hottest way to present your resume currently involves just 140 characters and a lot of hype.']