['Mexican-American Esparza from Houston defeated Tyriesha Douglas from Baltimore in the final round of the tournament with a score of 32 to 17. In amateur boxing women use protective headgear and score points by delivering clean hits to the face or chest.', 'When female boxing debuts at the Olympic summer games in London, women will compete in three weight categories. Along with Esparza, a 112-pound flyweight, 27 year-old Queen Underwood a seasoned 132 pound lightweight boxer from Seattle, and 16 year-old middleweight Claressa Shields complete the team.', 'Before any of these women can claim Olympic glory they must qualify in the World Amateur Boxing Championships in Qinhuangdao, China from May 9th through 20th.', 'Only women who place in the top eight positions in each weight class will actually get to London. Four additional boxers in each weight class will be selected by a commission to join the top 24 women boxers.', 'Esparza is the six-time national champion in her weight class. She had previously defeated Tyriesha Douglas at the USA Boxing National Championships in June 2011.', 'In the semi-final round at the Olympic trials Esparza defeated Christina Cruz, the fighter of Puerto Rican descent from New York City and five-time local golden gloves winner, by a 13 to 10 decision.', 'The U.S. Olympic trials, held over six days in Spokane, Washington, were a double elimination tournament and boxers had to lose twice to be out of the competition. It meant that those who lost would keep on fighting for a chance to challenge the victors.', 'Esparza is headed back to Houston and straight back to her gym. She is taking no breaks and considering competing at the USA Boxing National Championships that start next Monday. If she wins, she would be the first female in the country to ever hold seven consecutive national titles.', "Hi, i think that i noticed you visited my website so i came to return the want?.I'm attempting to to find things to improve my site!I suppose its ok to make use of a few of your ideas!!", "It's appropriate time to make a few plans for the future and it is time to be happy. I have learn this publish and if I could I want to suggest you some interesting things or suggestions. Perhaps you can write subsequent articles referring to this article. I want to learn more things about it!", '@spinach I hope popeye eats u!! Grow up!! Marlen is far from manly!! Jealousy is not an admirable trait!', 'Marlen is an amazing person and fighter who is Persuing her dream and making it reality!! I have faith that god will grant her the ability to bring home the gold!!', "it's people like you who are stopping them from pursuing their dream. as a fencer, I've seen women who are more aggressive then some men. it doesn't matter, as long as they are doing what they love.", 'Women who want to fight are a MESS!  What is wrong with these "women"?  Absolutely disgusting!', 'CNN welcomes a lively and courteous discussion as long as you follow the Rules of Conduct set forth in our Terms of Service. Comments are not pre-screened before they post. You agree that anything you post may be used, along with your name and profile picture, in accordance with our Privacy Policy and the license you have granted pursuant to our Terms of Service.', 'Black in America   Educator and parent guide to Black in AmericaMeet the NewMe entrepreneursSee all Black in America storiesSee Latino in America: Courting their Vote, on CNN.', 'Categories2012 Election Age Asian in America Black in America Community Discrimination Economy Education Engage Ethnicity Family Gender Health History How we live How we look Immigration Latino in America Politics Pop culture Race Relationships Religion Sexual orientation Social justice Sports What we think Where we live Who we are Women iReport  1940s census data is now available online. What can you find out about your family or home?Cultural Census: Eat dinnerCultural Census: How do you get around?Cultural Census: Read aloud, share your accentCultural Census: Self-portraitsCultural Census: Write this down']