['"I have a bomb!" a wheelchair bound man shouted, holding what looked like a homemade bomb. "Stay away from me."', "Charm offensive: Peng Liyuan, China's glamorous new First Ladyupdated Sat Mar 23 2013 21:42:07", "China's new First Lady is poised to impress--and burnish China's image overseas.", "The public outcry continued in China's cyberspace days after Haobo, a two-month-old boy, was killed by a man who stole his parents' car with the child inside.", 'Chinese Catholics pine for open-minded pope to heal riftsupdated Fri Mar 01 2013 13:06:25', "Many of China's Catholics are awaiting the election of Pope Benedict XVI's successor with high expectations.", "Austerity is China's new year resolution -- by orderupdated Mon Feb 11 2013 00:52:38", '"Let the sunshine, let the sunshine in...." my wife Ana blurted into a song this week, as she gazed eastwards through the window of our apartment in downtown Beijing.', 'The rundown of recommended stories on some popular Chinese social media sites showed nothing extraordinary this week until users looked a little more closely.', "China's new paramount leader, Xi Jinping, is making the fight against corruption his No. 1 mission.", "What Onion saga says about China's sense of humorupdated Fri Nov 30 2012 02:13:05", "China's state-run People's Daily newspaper is known for political correctness rather than a sense of humor.", "On Xi's to-do list: Fix China's drinking problemupdated Fri Nov 23 2012 05:30:30", "When China's new leader Xi Jinping spoke to the media last week, one sound bite struck me as especially noteworthy.", "When Hu Jintao steps down as leader of China's Communist Party this month, not everyone will view his record over the last 10 years favorably.", 'LeBron and NBA still slam-dunking rivals in Chinaupdated Fri Oct 12 2012 03:27:38', 'Miami Heat superstar LeBron James on Thursday led the reigning NBA champions into the first of two pre-season matches staged in China against the Los Angeles Clippers.', 'Video of autistic child being beaten provokes Internet outrageupdated Fri Oct 05 2012 03:46:23', 'The Bo Xilai saga -- the incredible story of elite politics, murder, intrigue and betrayal -- seems to be winding down with the trial and sentencing of Wang Lijun. And yet one question remains open: What will happen to the man once tipped for the top job in China?', "Jockeying for position ahead of China's leadership jamboreeupdated Fri Sep 07 2012 04:01:57", "Divining what is going in China's opaque political world is like reading tea leaves: it may be interesting but it's ultimately a futile exercise.", "Disgraced Party chief looms large over China's leadershipupdated Fri Aug 31 2012 00:12:44", 'As China looks to usher in its next generation of leaders, one of the messiest political scandals to hit the ruling Communist Party in years continues to fester.', 'After much speculation, it is now official: The Communist Party of China (CPC) will convene its 18th Party Congress in Beijing during the "latter half of this year," a party official announced this week without giving specific dates.', 'In the high-stakes world of Communist Party politics, it sometimes takes a politician only one wrong move to slide from fame to shame.', 'Eight female badminton players were disqualified from the Olympics this week for apparently trying to throw their matches to secure a favorable draw.', 'When the Olympic torch lights up in London on Friday, hundreds of millions of TV screens, laptops and mobile phones will likewise be turned on in China.', 'Chinese Catholics keep faith amid Beijing-Vatican spatupdated Fri Jul 13 2012 02:17:44', "Beijing and the Vatican are again shadow boxing over the ordination of a new Chinese bishop without the Pope's blessing.", "People power a sign of times in China's internet ageupdated Fri Jul 06 2012 03:21:55", "China's capital still getting kick from 2008 Olympic partyupdated Mon Jul 02 2012 02:05:09", "Four years after hosting the 2008 Summer Games, Beijing's Olympic legacy appears to be a lasting one.", "The foreign invasion of China's professional football league reached fever pitch this week with the announcement that former Chelsea forward Didier Drogba will play with the Shanghai Shenhua team next season.", 'On Saturday at 6:37 p.m. (6:37 a.m. ET), China is scheduled to launch its first female astronaut into space as part of a three-person crew.', "School's out: Chinese graduates fight to be heardupdated Tue Jun 12 2012 02:53:15", 'Some 6.8 million college students will graduate in China this summer, an exhilarating time for students and their families alike.', "China's crackdown on foreigners raises specter of xenophobiaupdated Sun Jun 03 2012 01:06:13", '"Does this mean I must now carry my passport everyday?" my wife Ana wondered aloud with a mix of bemusement and exasperation.', "China's Bob Dylan-inspired pioneer still rockingupdated Fri May 11 2012 04:28:55", 'Cui Jian burst onto the music scene in China 26 years ago with his signature number, "Nothing To My Name."', "China, U.S. searching for 'face-saving' solution to Chen sagaupdated Thu May 03 2012 23:52:31", '"Very busy lately, huh?" Lao Liu greets me one morning on my way to work. "What\'s going on with this Chen Guangcheng guy?"', 'Once the ultimate power couple in China, Bo Xilai and his wife Gu Kailai have now vanished.', 'China is now gripped by one of the most sensational political scandals in decades.', "For hours, China's micro-blogging community was abuzz with anxious tweets: an important announcement would be released at 6:30 or 7 p.m. on the official China Central Television (CCTV).", "High expectations for China's presumptive premierupdated Fri Apr 06 2012 01:57:16", "If body language is a good gauge of political standing, Li Keqiang is looking very much like China's premier-in-waiting.", "Heavy hand of China's censors fuels online frenzyupdated Fri Mar 23 2012 03:11:07", 'Entrepreneurs of all stripes are cashing in on the Lin-sanity phenomenon as swiftly as the NBA sensation can pull off his furious fast breaks.', 'Jeremy Lin\'s improbable success in the NBA has prompted a spate of "gee-whiz" stories and added "Linsanity" into everyday lexicon.', "Anyone interested in world affairs, Chinese diplomacy and China's future should know more about Xi Jinping.", "China's urban explosion: A 21st century challengeupdated Fri Jan 20 2012 03:29:20", 'Until about four years ago, farmer Zhou Jie and his family had been living in rural Anhui province, growing grain and other staples on a small plot of land.', 'China, Myanmar reaffirm ties amid U.S. diplomatic moveupdated Thu Dec 01 2011 22:07:25', "On a typical day, China's border with Myanmar is quite porous and vibrant. Often from the same ethnic groups, traders from both sides share much in common and do brisk business.", "China's recent economic downturn is spurring a new wave of worker strikes, which experts say are the only effective channel for them to air their grievances.", "China air pollution: 'Slightly polluted' or 'hazardous'?updated Thu Nov 17 2011 21:31:29", "As I type this week's column, I look out of my office window and stare at a depressing sight. A heavy blanket of smog and dust hangs over the sky. Buildings nearby are barely visible. Air is barely breathable.", "As China's rich grow in numbers, so do their mobile aspirations updated Fri Nov 11 2011 03:32:42", 'I first interviewed blind activist Chen Guangcheng for CNN in 2004. We drove five hours from Beijing to visit him in Dongshigu, a rural hamlet in Shandong province.', ' China copes with promise and perils of one-child policyupdated Fri Oct 28 2011 22:44:01', 'The world\'s population is expected to hit 7 billion around October 31 and one Chinese demographer says that number would have come a lot sooner had it not been for China\'s "one-child policy."', 'Wang Yue, the two-year-old girl who was left for dead on a narrow street in southern China after a hit-and-run accident, has died.', 'Tensions rise between doctors and patients in Chinaupdated Fri Oct 14 2011 08:15:17', "U.S. tensions rise over China's currency policy updated Fri Oct 07 2011 01:20:40", 'Since China adopted a "managed float" of the renminbi (RMB) in 2005, the RMB has appreciated in real terms by over 20 per cent against the U.S. dollar.', 'China on Thursday launched its first space laboratory module, marking another step upward for its space program.', "Independent candidates test China's election experimentupdated Fri Sep 23 2011 02:53:42", 'Elections are underway in China. Not for the country\'s presidency but for "Renmin Daibiao," or the National People\'s Representatives Congress.', 'When an ax-wielding man attacked people on the street in Henan Province on Wednesday, the terse media reports created headlines and public panic. Wang Hongbin, 30, killed six people, including two children, and is said to be mentally ill.', '"He who has not climbed the Great Wall is not a real man," the Chinese like to say.', 'Obsessed with keeping social order, China is now pushing to revise its laws in ways that will broaden police powers.', "China's Apple fans lament cult figure Jobs' resignationupdated Thu Aug 25 2011 08:52:57", 'Liu Jinhua says she almost choked when she heard the news that Steve Jobs has resigned. "I couldn\'t believe what I heard," says the private entrepreneur. "Then I chose to not to believe it."', "U.S., China's road from bitter foes to wary rivalsupdated Thu Aug 18 2011 22:17:51", 'As we watch U.S. Vice President Joe Biden hold talks with his Chinese hosts this week, it is apt to look back at the precarious state of China-U.S. relations four decades ago and how far they have come along.', "In Beijing's Yabaolu, 'good friends' come to tradeupdated Fri Aug 12 2011 01:46:13", "Sasha drags bulging shopping bags onto a trishaw as he heads back to his hotel, ending another hectic day in Beijing. It's hectic but lucrative.", "Yao Ming: NBA's towering presence looks to his futureupdated Sat Jul 16 2011 02:23:06", "Yao Ming: NBA's towering presence looks to his futureupdated Sat Jul 16 2011 02:21:49", "Walking down the streets of Beijing, it's hard to avoid seeing red slogans lining the sidewalks. Switching on a TV at home, almost every channel hosts a gala show performed on a red-colored stage.", 'Chinese Communists, 90 years later, still fighting corruptionupdated Sat Jun 25 2011 01:29:09', 'As the Communist Party of China (CPC) celebrates the 90th anniversary of its founding, party officials are pledging to continue the fight against corruption.', "China's military modernization a cause for concern?updated Fri Jun 17 2011 23:27:13", '"Aircraft carriers are tools of imperialism, and they\'re like sitting ducks waiting to be shot," a senior Beijing official told a group of overseas visitors. "China will never build an aircraft carrier."', "One of my first jobs in China was teaching English through songs on CCTV, China's national television station.", "There is high tension in Inner Mongolia, China's strategic frontier region, where the death of a Mongolian has triggered rare street protests.", 'Mongolia has always conjured a mix of exotic appeal and isolation. Sandwiched between Russia and China, the remote nation has for decades endured severe economic stagnation and political repression.', "When hundreds of truckers went on a slowdown strike in Shanghai several days ago, the impact was immediately palpable: The movement of goods in one of China's largest container ports was virtually paralyzed. China watchers wondered how authorities would react. Will they send in the anti-riot troops? How soon will the heavy hand of the state come down?", "In a round-table meeting with government advisers and researchers of a government-run think tank on April 14, Premier Wen Jiabao enjoined them to listen to people's voices and relay these truthfully to top leaders.", 'China executes three Filipinos for drug smugglingupdated Wed Mar 30 2011 21:12:21', 'Three Philippine nationals convicted of drug trafficking in China were executed by lethal injection on Wednesday.', "When the National People's Congress (NPC), China's legislature, closes its annual session in Beijing on Monday, Premier Wen Jiabao will have had the rare chance to speak with the press -- and for the public to size up their leader.", 'As the Middle East erupts into turmoil, and protesters take to the streets, China\'s fear of "luan" (chaos) has resurfaced, analysts say.', "It's the time of year when the National People's Congress (NPC), China's legislature, and the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference (CPPCC), a national advisory body of mostly non-Communist delegates, convene.", 'Celebrating the traditional Lantern Festival this week, many Beijing residents spent a lot of money dining out and setting off fireworks to mark the end of the Chinese Lunar New Year. "For the rich the money they spend is mere peanuts," says Mei Yana, a migrant from rural Henan province working as a restaurant waitress.', 'For 93-year-old widow Liu Bingdi, the Chinese lunar New Year has always been the happiest time of the year. "It\'s a time when we all gather for family reunion," says Mrs. Liu.', 'For 93-year-old widow Liu Bingdi, the Chinese lunar New Year is the happiest time of the year. "It\'s a time when we all gather for family reunion," says Mrs. Liu.', "Chinese celebrate the Lunar New Year as their most important holiday. It's about family reunions and involves the world's largest annual human migration.", 'The Chinese public, especially those in the social networking community, are abuzz over the case of a man charged with killing a girl in a hit-and-run: He is the son of a local deputy police chief.', "Summits often produce nothing more than expectations. The meeting between U.S. President Barack Obama and China's President Hu Jintao showed how different those expectations can be.", 'When U.S. President Richard Nixon first visited China in 1972, I happened to be in China, working on a state farm in Hunan province. I remember being so stunned by the news.', 'When I first came to China 39 years ago, airlines distributed cigarettes free of charge during flights. Hotel rooms were invariably furnished with free packs of cigarettes. At meetings and conferences, filter-tipped cigarettes were standard features on the podium alongside writing pads, pencils and ashtrays. Non-smoking cars were unheard of on trains.', 'Can money buy happiness? Apparently, not for millions of Chinese, including those who have prospered economically during the past three decades.', "Inside Beijing's Immaculate Conception Cathedral more than 1,000 parishioners gather to say mass.", 'More than a month after a raging fire killed 58 residents of an apartment building in Shanghai, China\'s largest metropolis, nagging questions remain: Exactly what caused it? Are apartment residents safe? Survivors and families of victims are seeking a "jiaodai" -- an accounting -- and closure.', 'Keeping dissidents locked up, blocking prominent intellectuals from leaving the country and blacking out news reports -- China is pulling out all the stops to keep news about Nobel Peace Prize Laureate Liu Xiaobo out of public sight.', 'What does it take to count more than one billion people in China? Six-and-a-half million census-takers going door to door, visiting more than 400 million households nationwide for several days.', 'All eyes are on China after North Korea provoked threats of "enormous retaliation" from South Korea by firing artillery rounds at Yeonpyeong Island.', "China's nouveau riche reclaim nation's lost antiquitiesupdated Thu Nov 18 2010 21:51:45", 'The sale of a mid-18th century Qing dynasty vase for $68 million last week at a London auction has created quite a stir in China. While the media highlighted it as the most expensive oriental art bought at auction, the identity of the anonymous buyer created greater interest -- especially among the rapidly growing ranks of newly-rich Chinese antique collectors.', "China's rising status makes it potential friend or foeupdated Thu Nov 11 2010 16:45:20", 'In the months leading up to the G-20 summit, China has been branded as the bogeyman -- a scapegoat for many of the intractable problems that dysfunctional economies are now facing. Prickly topics include job losses, trade imbalances and currency manipulation.']