['She first began to take these remarks seriously after spring break in 2009, when the professor began discussing his preference for women dressed in skimpy clothing. After insulting the student by unfavorably comparing her appearance to that of a graduate student, he encouraged her to wear tighter clothing, adding that he would like to see her in a tight T-shirt. She sent him an email asking him to refrain from inappropriate comments and he replied with an apology.', 'But he continued this behavior and eventually began to joke that the two should have sex. At one point, he suggested that the student should give him a lap dance in order to receive higher wages in the lab.', 'The professor had served as a mentor to her before and even during the harassment, providing advice and gaining her trust. In light of his personality and the larger context of their relationship, the student said she found it difficult to categorize his remarks as a sexual harassment and discrimination.', 'After graduating in spring 2010, the alumna joined The Anlyan Center as an employee, intending to continue and eventually publish her research. There, she remained under the supervision of her adviser. In the months leading up to her graduation, the professor had frequently remarked that a sexual relationship between he and the female student would not be prohibited once she finished her degree.', 'In early October 2010, about four months after she joined the lab as a full employee, the adviser sexually assaulted the woman. He refused to stop for over a minute despite her attempts to make him do so. She quit one month later.', 'The alumna said the stress of the harassment and assault left her physically ill, and she occasionally broke out in hives due to anxiety. She said the experience threatened her self-worth and academic and professional performance, adding she felt discouraged from pursuing a career in science.', 'The alumna said she believes the Office of Equal Opportunity Programs is not equipped to deal with investigations into sexual assault.', 'The alumna said she is prepared to file a lawsuit against the University in October regardless of their response. While it still remains to be seen whether the University intends to fire the professor, the complainant feels that Yale has tried to delay its response to her complaints.', 'An alumna who wishes to remain anonymous due to an ongoing investigation under the University-Wide Committee endured sexual harassment from a Yale professor during her time as an undergraduate. The harassment also continued after the professor contracted her as a research assistant and translator following her graduation.', 'The professor was friendly from the start, often inviting his advisee to discuss her thesis over a bike ride to East Rock. His interest was also more than academic: Once, he offered her a ride home from the airport before she told him which airport she would fly into on her return trip.', 'While she felt confused and uncomfortable, she attributed the interaction to a misunderstanding and wrote him an apology the next day.', 'Before graduation, the adviser invited the political science student to conduct research for several of his academic projects, which would be funded by the program he leads for an academic center on campus.', 'He invited the woman to accompany him on several academic trips as a research assistant and translator. She accepted one of these offers, signing a contract printed on Yale University letterhead. Before the trip, the professor informed the woman in an email that he planned to travel through the East Coast city she was living in that summer, and invited himself to stay with her at her home.', 'She quickly realized that the professor had ulterior motives. When attempting to book a hotel reservation for the two, the professor only expressed interest in rooms that held a single king-size bed. The woman was able to secure a hotel room with two beds by requesting the room from a hotel employee in a language the professor did not speak.', 'Although the student had made it clear that she was in a committed relationship, the professor became very upset when he arrived at her home to find her boyfriend living with her. The professor claimed that he was distressed that her boyfriend was still a Yale student.', 'The student said she tried to handle the situation carefully for fear her job was at risk.', 'After the professor left her city, he emailed the woman asking her to call him as soon as possible.', 'She returned to the center the next day to further explain her situation to a female administrator. She told this staff member about the sexual harassment she endured over the summer, but received little support in return. She said the staff member told her she wished the woman had not told her about the harassment because it put her in an awkward position: The administrator said she knew the professor in question had a live-in partner.', 'On Sept. 19, 2010, he emailed the woman again, telling her she did not deserve payment for the work she had completed over the last three months.', 'The woman asked Stanley about the email she had received from the center regarding her pay. The woman said Stanley told her the email had been sent prematurely, and that she could only receive the pay if she agreed to sign a nondisclosure agreement for the Office of Equal Opportunity Programs.', 'Hoping to put an end to a process that she already considered too twisted to pursue any longer, the alumna consented.', 'Upon hearing of the complaint, the alumna contacted one of the complainants quoted in an article printed in the News. The complainant encouraged her to file a complaint with the Office for Civil Rights, which she did on April 20. ', 'Since filing, her complaint has been merged into the original formal complaint filed by 16 Yale students and alumni on March 15, and was also referred to the United States Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC).', 'Boyd informed the alumna that she could file a complaint with the Sexual Harassment Grievance Board regarding the incidents that occurred during her time as an undergraduate up to one year after graduation. The timing was lucky: The alumna had only two days left before she crossed that deadline.', 'She compiled a complaint, but because the grievance board dissolved over the summer to make room for the new University-Wide Committee, her complaint was forwarded to that new body.', ' *when the professor began discussing his preference for women dressed in skimpy clothing*', '*The adviser insisted that he and his student share a more personal relationship* ', 'These stories are awful. Of course the first thought is to be furious and disgusted with these men in positions of authority who use it to repeatedly harass young women under their supervision who indicated multiple times, explicitly and implicitly, that they were not comfortable with what was going on. But right on its heels is disgust at how the University has funneled these complaints into dead-end channels and failed to even refer the women to counseling.', 'It also struck me that these folks seemed to only had recourse through their status as students. This is why people need unions.', 'I want to thank these alumnae for sharing such painful stories of harassment and mistreatment by Yale. Hopefully now some of the detractors of the Title IX complaint will understand why those of us who support it feel so strongly.', '> Before the trip, the professor informed the woman in an email that he planned to travel through the East Coast city she was living in that summer, and invited himself to stay with her at her home.', '> But he continued this behavior and eventually began to joke that the two should have sex. At one point, he suggested that the student should give him a lap dance in order to receive higher wages in the lab.', '> After insulting the student by unfavorably comparing her appearance to that of a graduate student, he encouraged her to wear tighter clothing, adding that he would like to see her in a tight T-shirt. She sent him an email asking him to refrain from inappropriate comments and he replied with an apology.', '> , each of these women was in a situation where her career or educational prospects depended on help she was receiving from the professor in question', 'When you are locked in a room with a murderer, you can either find the key and walk out of the room, or lament the fact that they are going to kill you.  One of these things is helpful.  The other is not.', 'I had many impressions, several of which I shared in my post and many more of which went unsaid because they were obvious.  For instance, it is *obvious* that these men are vile human beings, perhaps emotionally unstable, and definitely should not be employed by Yale in any capacity.  I did not feel the need to carry on about something that everyone would see prima facie.', 'Sorry, but it *is* naive or dense to not report a male superior who is suggesting you give him a lap dance, trying to stay at your home with you, attempting to book a hotel room for you to share with him, or telling you to wear tighter clothes.  It is downright stupid, in fact.  ', '>  That is victim-blaming, pure and simple: you are putting blame for not having resolved these actions on them.', 'Erm, I am not blaming the victim for the harassment, but I suppose it is impossible for the administrators (or anyone) to know about the sexual harassment until someone informs them.', '>  So your adviser/boss, who controls your immediate professional future, says some somewhat creepy things to you.', 'But they did report it, and the administrators acted slowly and did little. But if they reported these actions when there was less evidence, there would have been a stronger reaction?', '> So there is no particular reason to suppose that raising a complaint earlier would have led to a better outcome. ', 'I would also suggest that you stop working with people who are sexually harassing you.  This would certainly stop the sexual harassment, and make it even more obvious it if continues (because then it becomes outright stalking).', 'anon82 is trolling, i.e., posting inflammatory comments just to get a reaction. Best not to respond.', 'delivered to students is that Yale does not tolerate sexual harassment.  This has instead provided', 'a functional screen to nurture abuse and a set up for the continual sexual exploitation of academic women. (The stories are the same, only the decades have changed.)', 'Exactly the same type of sexual harassment happened to me as an employee of a FEMALE boss when I was 30. My reaction was to change jobs and try to FORGET the whole incident.  If I, an entitled MALE, wanted to flee the emotional mess of the situation, why would you expect MORE of a FEMALE?', '> If I, an entitled MALE, wanted to flee the emotional mess of the situation, why would you expect MORE of a FEMALE?', 'What a mess. I never would have thought that this could happen in the Yale University.I apologize for my English ', 'These types of accusations have been coming up at Yale for more than 30 years. Something is awry if they are true and the problem still continues.', 'When you create an entitled academic class, they will seek their ill gotten reward.', 'There is something seriously wrong with our faculty at Yale and how their atrocious behavior is permitted, and thus implicitly encouraged.', 'And sexual harassment is actually the least offensive in this long list of bad behavior by Yale faculty members. Just look up names like Antonio Lasaga (sexually abused a young child he was tutoring), James Van de Velde, Jay Jorgenson for more disgusting and more recent examples.', 'I am very sorry to hear these stories and I am glad that they have chosen to make them public.', 'I have to say that I had not realized how badly the Yale administration has dealt with student complaints against those who possess power and status.  Clearly something is very wrong with the way in which Yale is structured.  Let us hope that this will lead to a major reform of the system.  I also have to agree that I am scandalized by the fact that at the least the political science professor is not just still at Yale but is actually teaching right now.  If the allegations are proven to be correct he should be stripped of his tenure and fired.  But in the meantime he should be prevented from exercising any form of responsibility at Yale until the investigation is over and a determination is made as to the facts of the case.  Aside from the Yale dimensions of these cases I was unclear from the article if there are criminal cases to be filed against the perpetrators?', 'Props to the YDN for sharing these important accounts with the larger Yale community. Keep us posted on these things. This, to me, is a striking instance of the University wishing to preserve the status quo at all costs, regardless of the harm done to a young woman and the rot festering beneath the surface.', 'Being sexually harassed, especially if it is a mentor at this time of your life can leave permanent psychological damage. I cannot believe that the university has let this kind of behavior continue, even after it has been brought to their attention. Repeatedly.', 'As an alumna, I will not donate a penny, until I know that the university has implemented a strict  enforcement of a no-tolerance policy that makes it clear to professors and students that incidences of sexual harassment will be dealt with, the way it should be.', 'Thank you for coming forward, Case 1, Class of 2010.  You are not alone.  In reading your situation, I can almost replace the two names and would have a close replica of what happened to me.  I also filed a complaint with US Dept of Ed, OCR.  ', 'Also, law (US Dept. of Educ.) requires universities to take whatever steps are necessary to objectively address the issues, stop the behavior, and prevent further unsafe behavior.   ', '-  Sexual harassment/assault and discrimination, that is intended by a male professor to be personal, for the purpose of forcing us out of our discipline.', '-  Behavior that would many times be considered a felony or crime if it happened a foot off-campus.', '-  Response and retaliation of university staff that hinders a legitimate investigation, and which includes isolation and removal of evidence from the complainant.', 'Pingback: http://login.boompackaging.com/groups/iphoneconfig/wiki/2f02c/Just_what_exactly_Every_one_Should_Learn_about_the_Truth_about_Six_Pack_Abs.html', 'Pingback: http://libraryxserve.holyfamily.dbq.pvt.k12.ia.us:8080/groups/technologycommittee/wiki/9fc9b/Unlock_your_excellent_new_music_expertise_aided_by_the_top_defeat_doing_software_program.html', 'Pingback: http://204.234.22.33/groups/podcasts/wiki/6181e/Precisely_what_All_and_sundry_Must_Understand_about_the_Truth_about_Six_Pack_Abs.html', 'Pingback: http://glassla.net/groups/wedding/wiki/49f65/Unlock_your_fantastic_tunes_expertise_together_with_the_greatest_conquer_earning_software_system.html', 'Pingback: http://65.60.111.27/groups/memoforallemployees/wiki/c824b/The_magic_of_creating_about_get_the_ex_again.html']