['MacFarlane as Ted, "Ted Gets Saucy" in Ted Best Villain Javier Bardem, Skyfall Leonardo DiCaprio, Django Unchained  Marion Cotillard , The Dark Knight Rises Tom Hardy, The Dark Knight Rises Tom Hiddleston, The Avengers Best Musical Moment Anne ', 'Oscar because of her win at the BAFTAs. The last two Best Actress upsets were by the winner of the BAFTA. In 2008,  Marion Cotillard  lost the SAG to Julie Christie but went on to win the BAFTA and then the Oscar. The same happened for Meryl Streep ', 'Actress  Marion Cotillard , of France, center, the Hasty Pudding Woman of the Year, is kissed by Harvard University theatrical students Renee Rober ', 'What do Kristen Stewart, Nicole Kidman, and  Marion Cotillard  look like without the gloss? Check out the photos Stewart. Credit: Juergen Teller/W magazine.  Marion Cotillard . Credit: Juergen Teller/W magazine. They also ', 'Danny Boyle, "Slumdog Millionaire" 2008 Oscar winners Best picture: "No Country for Old Men" Best actress:  Marion Cotillard , "La Vie en Rose" Best actor: Daniel Day-Lewis, "There Will Be Blood" Best director: Joel Coen and Ethan ', "it never will be. Please don't cry because my reality show would be so boring. I would have to make out with  Marion Cotillard  or I'd have to spank Daniel Craig's bottom just to stay on the air. It's not bad work if you can get it ", 'Actress Adams\' picks: Jessica Chastain ("Zero Dark Thirty"), Jennifer Lawrence ("Silver Linings Playbook"),  Marion Cotillard  ("Rust and Bone"), Naomi Watts ("The Impossible") and Emmanuelle Riva ("Amour") "This one is tricky ', 'for every box office darling that scores a Best Actress Oscar, there\'s a dark horse to balance it out, like  Marion Cotillard  \'s win for the relatively low-grossing "La Vie en Rose" in 2009. To see which way the chips may fall this year ', 'San Francisco, who was gunned down at City Hall in 1978. I still remember the gorgeous mermaid-scale gown that  Marion Cotillard  won when she accepted the Oscar for Best Actress in 2007 for her role in "La Vie En Rose." In the movie, she ', 'Christina Hendricks, Blake Lively, Laura Linney, Rutina Wesley: Eye-Riveting Beauty Parts', "Shirley Temple. Among the hard-hitting dimpled actresses, web site www.listal.com includes Miranda Carr,  Marion Cotillard , Leighton Meester, Naomi Watts, Audrey Tautou, Amanda Seyfried and Kirsten Dunst. Rutina Wesley's character ", "French actress on learning English and working with some of America's top talent", "Just wonderful Such soul music. So that he can. It's possible some Old. Different today in the decline and sometimes kept us from different some song won't give us news tradition and historical commission it actually include. Particularly the accidental or protection. The group of report of food to", "Some of your continued questions. Thank you. It appears that the designer fooled them again. This time, on  marion cotillard . There's her dress. It happened again, or so you thought. But look at this dress on the runway, the way it's ", "you. It appears that the designer fooled them again. This time, on marion cotillard . There's her dress. It happened again, or so you thought. But look at this dress on the runway, the way it's shown ", "and play and have been before but you've got so many fabulous women in nine for example the people wanna see.  Marion Cotillard  in Kate Hudson Nicole Kidman and and to Penelope Cruz. And that's director Rob Marshall band director Garry Marshall ", "so many fabulous women in nine for example the people wanna see. Marion Cotillard in Kate Hudson -- Nicole Kidman and and to Penelope Cruz. And that's -- director Rob Marshall band director Garry Marshall who's ", "in the best articulation of a wedding cake. brought on yeah I just ahead but that's not solicit yeah now about  Marion Cotillard  she also look beautiful tonight. So just actually standing in sexy and again her Dior dress lined the transfer spring ", "yeah I just ahead but that's not solicit yeah now -- about Marion Cotillard she also look beautiful tonight. So just actually standing in sexy and again her Dior dress -- lined the transfer spring as ", "Ellen Page in Juno. Can she take it away from the better. But and this is even three since there was an actress  Marion Cotillard . Who played Ethiopia in beyond rose and if anybody in Hollywood knew she was before she didn't is if he'd probably ", "-- and this is even three -- since there was an actress Marion Cotillard . Who played Ethiopia in -- beyond rose and if anybody in Hollywood knew she was before she didn't is -- -- if "]