['The top federal prosecutor in Manhattan sued Bank of America for more than $1 billion on Wednesday for mortgage fraud against Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac during the years around the financial crisis.U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara said Countrywide Financial, which was later bought by Bank of America, churned out mortgage loans from 2007 to 2009 without making sure that borrowers could afford them."The fraudulent conduct alleged in today\'s complaint was spectacularly brazen in scope," Bharara said in a statement. He said the suit was partly to recover money that Fannie and Freddie lost from defaulted loans.Bank of America had no immediate comment.Countrywide sold the loans to Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, which were left to pay for the loans when they defaulted, according to the lawsuit. Fannie and Freddie were effectively nationalized in 2008.According to the lawsuit, Countrywide used a process called "the Hustle," shorthand for "High-Speed Swim Lane." The idea was that mortgage loans, as the...', "Bank of America Corp.'s (NYSE:BAC) story has long been that Countrywide did it. But a lawsuit filed last week by the Federal Housing Finance Agency tells a different...", "PHOENIX -- Arizona is filing a civil lawsuit against Bank of America Corp. alleging the company violated the state's consumer fraud law by misleading consumers tryin...", 'The U.S. government filed a civil mortgage fraud lawsuit on Tuesday against Wells Fargo & Co, the latest legal volley against big banks for their lending during the ...', 'By Joe RauchCHARLOTTE, North Carolina (Reuters) - Bank of America Corp <BAC.N> Chief Executive Brian Moynihan is running out of time to fix the largest U.S. bank.Aft...', 'The Justice Department has promptly capitalized on a court victory to bolster a case before another federal judge, citing a ruling on Wednesday that endorsed the age...', 'Federal officials this week revealed alleged fraud on a massive scale at Deutsche Bank (NYSE:DB) and its MortgageIT unit, but once again they have refrained from usi...', 'When the government decided a few years back to target insider trading on Wall Street, it set its sights high, and Raj Rajaratnam is now sitting in a prison cell.Wit...', 'The U.S. government filed a civil mortgage fraud lawsuit on Tuesday against Wells Fargo & Co, the latest legal volley against big banks for their lending during the ...', 'The United States on Wednesday filed a civil mortgage fraud lawsuit against Bank of America Corp , accusing it of deliberately generating and then selling thousands ...', 'We take a look at how consumers are embracing their new thrifty lifestyles and where they are choosing to spend their money.', 'Attorney Generals Bill McCollum and Martha Coakley talk about the crack down on predatory lending', "FBN's Liz MacDonald on details of the U.S. Attorney suing  Bank of America  for over $1B for alleged  mortgage fraud .", 'The U.S. government filed a civil mortgage fraud lawsuit on Tuesday against Wells Fargo & Co, the latest legal volley against big banks for their lending during the ...', 'The United States filed a fraud lawsuit against Bank of America Corp, accusing it of causing taxpayers more than $1 billion of losses by selling thousands of toxic m...', "A federal judge rejected American International Group Inc's request to move its $10 billion mortgage fraud lawsuit against Bank of America Corp back to a New York st...", "(Reuters) - Bank of America Corp asked a judge to disqualify the law firm representing AIG in the insurance company's $10 billion mortgage-fraud lawsuit against the ..."]