['NEW: "We have had very few injuries ... and we want to keep it that way," mayor says', "Sunday's quake struck about 35 miles (57 kilometers) south of New Zealand's capital", "(CNN) -- New Zealand's capital was cleaning up Monday after a strong earthquake that shook the city and left authorities scrambling to make sure buildings were safe.", "The quake struck about 35 miles (57 kilometers) south of Wellington in the channel between New Zealand's northern and southern islands. Initially reported as a magnitude-6.9 quake, the U.S. Geological Survey later reclassified its magnitude as 6.5, at a depth of 14 km (8.7 miles).", 'No fatalities or serious injuries were reported, but Wellington Mayor Celia Wade-Brown warned residents to be careful and "expect disruption" as the work week began. Bus service was running, but rush-hour commuter trains were idled as rail crews looked for damage.', 'People who work in the central city were advised not to come in, while all workers were told to check with their employers before entering the city.', '"We have had very few injuries as a result of the earthquake, and we want to keep it that way," Wade-Brown said in a Monday statement.', 'Perched on the edge of the southern Pacific rim, New Zealand has a long history of earthquakes. A February 2011 quake in the South Island city of Christchurch killed 185 people, most of whom died in building collapses.', "Sunday's quake was the latest in a series of tremors that have jolted New Zealand's Lower North Island in the past few days.", 'This South Korean couple has spent many of the past 60 years believing the other was dead. In fact, he was held prisoner by the North. ', 'The world finally knows how to address the latest addition to the British royal family: HRH Prince George Alexander Louis of Cambridge.', 'Captured on tape: A train derailed and snapped in two as it hurtled around a curve in Spain, killing 80 people.', 'Sinkholes are devouring 20 million square meters of land on the northern Chinese plain, destroying homes and displacing families. ', 'Posters offering a reward for information about Nazis still living in Germany have been put up in three cities. ', "CNN's Ivan Watson is given rare access to the opening of a cemetery for war veterans in North Korea's capital. ", 'From laptops to cars, the products you take for granted are made using African minerals.', '"He\'s got her looks, thankfully," said Prince William. Check out the first photos of the long-awaited royal baby. ', 'George H.W. Bush shaves his head to support a two-year-old with leukemia whose father is part of the Secret Service.', "They've long been considered topics that aren't polite to discuss at the dinner table. And as it turns out, they're touchy on Wikipedia as well. "]