['Winnie-the-Pooh" is published by author A. A. Milne.; F. Scott Fiztgerald publishes "The Great Gatsby."  Marilyn Monroe , Hugh Hefner, Jerry Lewis, Mel Brooks and Fidel Castro were also born in 1926. St. Louis Cardinals win the World ', 'your bustline, wear the colors in reverse. MORE: Sizzling One-Piece Bathing Suits Tip 3: Halters Work Think  Marilyn Monroe  in her iconic white halter dress. Bergamotto says halters are great for the woman who is a little bustier. A halter ', 'brunette bleached her hair and added extensions, required neck, cheek and breast prosthetics, and to capture that  Marilyn Monroe -like look, she donned wigs. "The moment I saw her, I didn\'t recognize her," said Deborah Everton, the costume ', 'Robert Alexander/Getty Images) A view of Route 66 in Arizona, circa 1960. (Hulton Archive/Getty Images) A  Marilyn Monroe  statue stands along old Route 66 on June 15, 2007, in Rancho Cucamonga, Calif. (David McNew/Getty Images ', 'Robert Alexander/Getty Images) A view of Route 66 in Arizona, circa 1960. (Hulton Archive/Getty Images) A  Marilyn Monroe  statue stands along old Route 66 on June 15, 2007, in Rancho Cucamonga, Calif. (David McNew/Getty Images ', 'actress Brigitte Bardot sitting on the beach during the Cannes Film Festival, 1953. (Getty Images) American actress  Marilyn Monroe  reclines on patio furniture on a lawn, early 1950s. She wears a two-piece swimsuit, lucite heels, and bangle ', 'The winners? Not Kate Middleton or Price Harry. Two lovely ladies from the golden era of film took the top spots:  Marilyn Monroe  was selected as the first-choice fantasy flight attendant with 22 percent of the overall vote. Audrey Hepburn was ', 'model tattooing a tattoo artist? Were Rihanna and  Marilyn Monroe  friends? Does 50 Cent wipe his butt with dollar bills Rihanna was also in that famous balcony photo with  Marilyn Monroe . She was just inside lighting up while they took ', 'most famous shoots was that of  Marilyn Monroe \'s "The Last Sitting." The just six weeks before her death.  Marilyn Monroe  (Pearls), "The Last Sitting," 1962 Bert Stern and  Marilyn Monroe , "The Last Sitting," 1962 ', "barbiturate once used as a sleeping pill, which was responsible for the overdose deaths of actresses Judy Garland and  Marilyn Monroe . A terminal patient's wishes must be confirmed by two doctors, and the patient must self-administer the drug ", "at ABC.WorldNews@abc.com and they could appear on World News. PRICELESS HOLLYWOOD SNAPSHOTS UP FOR AUCTION  Marilyn Monroe  Credit: Movie Star News Collection/Guernsey's A collection of Hollywood celebrity photography is being sold this ", "approximately three million archived photographs, with the  Marilyn Monroe  file containing more than 600 images. This is the DiMaggio. (Movie Star News Collection/Guernsey's)  Marilyn Monroe  out on the town. (Movie Star News Collection/Guernsey's ", "startling details about  marilyn monroe 's final hours reveal the by private investigators that bugged  marilyn monroe 's house allegedly and was listening including that he listened in on  marilyn monroe  in bed with president kennedy ", "startling details about marilyn monroe's final hours reveal the by a private eye's secret files and linsey davis is here with more. Reporter: Good morning. The documents we're talking about belonged to one of the most notorious private investigators that bugged marilyn monroe's house allegedly and was listening to everything happening privately in her final days. Fred otash was arguably the most famous hollywood detective ", 'some of his most eye-popping claims including that he listened in on marilyn monroe in bed with president kennedy and allegedly eves dropped on an argument with his brother robert in the hours before her death. ', "from a drug overdose. In his notes he said I listened to marilyn monroe die. He didn't elaborate and kennedy has never been implicated or accused of wrongdoing. If he did hear a huge argument between ", "Collaboration with Google and among today's top rising searches is  Marilyn Monroe  gentlemen prefer blondes and at least one blog for first pot. Sosa's documentarian Kia Morgan covered this fifty year old home ", "Collaboration with -- Google and among today's top rising searches is Marilyn Monroe gentlemen prefer blondes and at least one blog for first pot. -- Sosa's documentarian Kia Morgan -- covered this fifty year old ", 'Some rare amateur video of  Marilyn Monroe  is about to go on the auction block in Australia. It shows are on the set of the 1959 movie some like it hot. With Tony Curtis ', 'Some rare amateur video of Marilyn Monroe is about to go on the auction block in Australia. It shows are on the set of the 1959 movie some like ', "Hollywood icon fifteen years after  Marilyn Monroe 's death tonight the photographer those few clicks and surprise  Marilyn Monroe  turning around to them that And friendship with so many came to know  Marilyn Monroe  it is time they never forgot ", "Remembering a Hollywood icon fifteen years after Marilyn Monroe's death tonight the photographer. And the photos he's never revealed. Photographer George -- -- Maryland and grow in 1954. On the sort ", "-- -- is. Leaning out the windows those few clicks and surprise Marilyn Monroe turning around to them that -- And she says -- doesn't have -- -- and with that. Strike up a long -- friendship with so many came to know Marilyn Monroe it is time they never forgot. But recent -- -- distinction. Forever changed by he's -- with Maryland. I said Marilyn. I'm ", "A lot of people would pay good money to see.  Marilyn Monroe 's chest that's just a sad reality but you wouldn't it's just the knowledge of how this is the chest of  Marilyn Monroe  mine it's true I wouldn't spend the money on its ", "A lot of people would pay good money to see. Marilyn Monroe's chest that's just a sad reality but you wouldn't think. That this is how they want to see it. The X -- ", "think it's just the knowledge of how this is the chest of Marilyn Monroe mine it's true I wouldn't spend the money on its thunder feel better about. Much -- -- -- ", "The FBI today releasing surveillance thousand kept on actors male I'm Munro for suspected ties to communism the real names of the stars acquaintances. the height of the blacklisting era. Among them an American ex pat living in Mexico who wrote the hated McCarthyism. An FBI director. The bureau"]