["worth a combined $38 billion. The university's notable alumni include radio personality Howard Stern and actresses  Marisa Tomei  and Julianne Moore. 13. Northwestern University, Private Northwestern's 451 wealthiest alumni are worth a total ", 'nominees like Bradley Cooper, Sally Field, Jennifer Lawrence and Denzel Washington, and stars including Billy Crystal,  Marisa Tomei , Whoopi Goldberg, Cuba Gooding, Jr., as well as Dawn Hudson, Academy CEO, all help Couric celebrate the Oscars ', 'ready to join other actresses who have bared all on screen after turning 40 . Sandra Bullock, Mary-Louise Parker,  Marisa Tomei  and Kathy Bates all waited until after 40 to shed their clothes on screen. Diane Keaton was nearly 60. "It\'s a ', 'years and won a Daytime Emmy for her work in 1988.  Marisa Tomei  The Oscar-winning actress from Brooklyn got her start In 1983, while studying at New York University,  Marisa Tomei  landed the role of teenager Marcy Thompson Cushing on ', 'the film." Other A-list celebrities who have worked in Bosnia on films about the war include Woody Harrelson and  Marisa Tomei , who starred in "Welcome to Sarajevo," and Richard Gere and Terence Howard in "The Hunting Party." Jolie has ', "and Kim, much to the delight of the soap's fans.  Marisa Tomei  The big actress from Brooklyn got her start on the New In 1983, while studying at New York University,  Marisa Tomei  landed the role of teenager Marcy Thompson Cushing on ", 'After "Karate Kid," Macchio took a brief break from acting, returning in 1992 in "My Cousin Vinny," opposite  Marisa Tomei  and Joe Pesci in what was considered his first adult role. Since the \'90s, he\'s made mostly cameo appearances in ', 'of her life. "I sincerely hope I will be a credit to my race and the motion picture industry," she said.  Marisa Tomei Marisa Tomei \'s win at the 1992 Oscars was so unexpected, a rumor surfaced -- that the presenter, Jack Palance, had announced ', 'ABC show "Un-Broke." And stars Will Smith, Seth Green, Rosario Dawson, Christian Slater, Antonio Banderas,  Marisa Tomei , Oscar the Grouch, the E*Trade babies, Cedric the Entertainer, the Jonas Brothers and Samuel L. Jackson are here ', 'glad to have gotten to know them." James, Franco,  Marisa Tomei , Reggie Miller Speak Out at Sundance "Hesher" actor so I guess art is becoming life." "Cyrus" actress  Marisa Tomei  on working with castmates Jonah Hill and John C. Reilly ', 'Young Hollywood, take note of  Marisa Tomei  . The 45-year-old actress defines "class act." Effervescent and intelligent, she shines as brightly in person as she does ', 'Doing the Sundance With the Apatow Boys: John C. Reilly, Jonah Hill and Danny McBride', 'C. Reilly at Park City, Utah\'s Bing Bar. The duo\'s at Sundance promoting their dark comedy, "Cyrus," with  Marisa Tomei  . They came with a few friends, including "Eastbound and Down" and "Pineapple Express" star Danny McBride and ', 'Weber, who later went on to star in the sitcom "Wings," played Moore\'s ill-tempered and ill-fated boyfriend.  Marisa Tomei  Like Ryan and Moore, Tomei cut her acting teeth on the set of "World." Tomei left Boston University to return to ', "welcome to the show is great to have you here. He went on Oscar nominations I'm looking at see at least three of them. I am I want to the fourth when his comment yeah. Forced to hire some movie here at the Sundance Film Festival that I myself. That is one of the best to be seen here. And yet here", "This year's TriBeCa film festival without the chance to catch up with Marissa Tomei we talked about her new political satire war paint and here's adding you. Tell me about cites a smarts. movie especially now what you want to. I wanted to that started Because an area they want it to happen John and", "is like it's 1990s movie scene that so many women could relate to. A thirty something  Marisa Tomei  and My Cousin worried that she's getting to multi conceived. At 46 years old Halle announced just this week that she's pregnant ", "movie scene that so many women could relate to. A thirty something Marisa Tomei and My Cousin -- worried that she's getting to multi conceived. At 46 years old Halle -- announced just this week that ", "Her card. There you go. Ding, ding. Do we have any -- ali, who is george's celebrity crush? You know this.  Marisa tomei . Is it really? By the way, not allowed on the show. Not allowed on the show. You got that, tom? He'll do his ", "have any -- ali, who is george's celebrity crush? You know this. Marisa tomei . Is it really? By the way, not allowed on the show. Not allowed on the show. You got that, tom? He'll do ", "Georgia's celebrity he needs. The event. Real. Yup that's Sony's new it opened I wonder which  Marisa Tomei  is the My Cousin Vinny  Marisa Tomei  is the wrestler. You know I mean what exactly well if there's a lot of I'm willing to bet that ", "-- Yup that's Sony's new -- it opened -- I wonder which Marisa Tomei is -- the My Cousin Vinny Marisa Tomei is -- the wrestler. You know I mean what exactly -- -- well if there's a lot of -- -- I'm willing ", "Georgia's celebrity crap he Yeah yeah yeah. Yup that's he's got hit the next Oprah. I wonder which  Marisa Tomei  sympathy My Cousin Vinny  Marisa Tomei  is that the wrestler. You know I mean what exactly I I well if there's a lot of range to I'm ", "that's -- -- he's got hit the next Oprah. I wonder which Marisa Tomei -- sympathy My Cousin Vinny Marisa Tomei is that the wrestler. You know I mean what exactly I I well if there's a lot of range to -- I'm ", "right again and then you know when it's an issue with him a I have to call the film also stars being adorable kids and  Marisa Tomei . As their uptight mother. It but this isn't just about the laughs well the great Yogi Berra once said ain't over ", "have to call -- the film also stars being adorable kids and Marisa Tomei . As their uptight mother. It but this isn't just about the laughs well the great Yogi Berra once said -- ain't over "]