['It\'s not just a black woman issue," Adams said. "It\'s a woman who wants to play a leading role issue. Look at  Melissa Leo . She is still looking for that breakout starring role. The only way to change that is for women to produce, write ', 'year\'s much-panned hosts, Anne Hathaway and James Franco, didn\'t roll with the punches when, say, actress  Melissa Leo  dropped the F-bomb. "They didn\'t say a word!" he said. He was backstage watching it happen; he introduced ', "launched the careers of some of today's biggest stars, including Sarah Michelle Gellar, Michelle Trachtenberg,  Melissa Leo , Josh Duhamel, Eva LaRue, Christian Slater, Rosie O'Donnell, Kim Delaney and Amanda Seyfried. Here's a look ", 'Covina was charging $4.60." "Despicable," she added. I suppose I should be grateful that she didn\'t drop a  Melissa - Leo -Oscar-acceptance-speech F-bomb on me. Speaking of a "could have been worse" scenario, imagine your vehicle ', 'took a 1946 King George VI shilling out of his pocket and gave it to me as a gift." Best Supporting Actress winner  Melissa Leo  , who won for her performance in "The Fighter," apologized for dropping the F-word during her acceptance speech ', 'But what about the rest of the night? Backstage,  Melissa Leo  talked about her F-bomb drop. Colin Firth explained Check out the 10 best quotes from backstage, below:  Melissa Leo  (winner: best supporting actress, "The Fighter ', 'nominations with 12, received a total of four Oscars , including best original screenplay. "The Fighter" co-stars  Melissa Leo  and Christian Bale were among the early winners, receiving Oscars for best supporting actress and best supporting actor ', 'Bale in "The Fighter" Actress in a Leading Role: Natalie Portman in "Black Swan" Actress in a Supporting Role:  Melissa Leo  in "The Fighter" Best Picture: "The King\'s Speech" Iain Canning, Emile Sherman and Gareth Unwin, Producers ', 'Best-Supporting Actress winner  Melissa Leo  backstage after the actress dropped so far have gone to the film --  Melissa Leo  and Christian Bale in the supporting Melissa] did." 6:22pm PT :  Melissa Leo  backstage, talking about her accidental ', 'nominations with 12, received a total of four Oscars, including best original screenplay. "The Fighter" co-stars  Melissa Leo  and Christian Bale were among the early winners, receiving Oscars for best supporting actress and best supporting actor ', 'Angeles before Colin Firth loses this award," Connelly told "GMA" this morning from outside the Kodak Theater.  Melissa Leo  , who portrayed the chain-smoking mother to Mark Wahlberg\'s boxer Micky Ward in "The Fighter," has been the favorite ', 'Bonham Carter, who played Firth\'s wife, the Queen, in "Speech," could take best supporting actress from favorite  Melissa Leo  in "The Fighter." Similarly, Travers puts his money on Leo\'s co-star Christian Bale, but said Geoffrey Rush ', 'is anything done by the actress  Melissa Leo . You probably know now that just and red state well we interviewed  Melissa Leo  at the Sundance Film Festival in outstrip demand so. We get this  Melissa Leo  welcome to the show I Begin all ', "a big going on right now is anything done by the actress Melissa Leo . You probably know now that -- just won the Academy Award -- best supporting actress but by parents. And you probably know that she'll be on HBO this month with Kate Winslet in Mildred pierce. And probably don't know very much about her and red state well we interviewed Melissa Leo at the Sundance Film Festival in January. Where she told us about this controversial Kevin Smith -- -- state. And we want ", "outstrip demand so. We get this -- -- -- -- -- -- Melissa Leo welcome to the show I Begin all of these interviews attendance this year by asking everybody that's on the show to say ", 'use it well He said something along the line him He had Melissa Leo and his cast it now He He would. Feel that people would be convinced him -- -- gonna make a serious. -- ', "I'm I'm not that that  Melissa Leo  is here what does this morning. Don't have a better here please goes to actually said that on the top. Of the envelope and then  Melissa Leo  and Kirk Douglas was to you know He would rate Al was taking so ", "I'm I'm not that -- that Melissa Leo is here -- what does this morning. Don't have a better here please. Talk about -- now it's going to be Oscar ", '-- actually said that on the top. Of the envelope and then Melissa Leo -- and Kirk Douglas was to you know He would rate Al -- was taking so long. Say who the winner was ', 'You may know our next guest  Melissa Leo  from her Oscar nominated performance in the frozen river. Now she is back with another strong performance that is likely maker ', 'You may know our next guest Melissa Leo from her Oscar nominated performance in the frozen river. Now she is back with another strong performance that is likely -- maker ', "Leo we just heard that she has been nominated for a second time for an Oscar for her role as the mother and the fighter to fighter what seven. Nominations believe right yes but let's not congratulations. Things you don't like to thank you very imaginative realty Garrett all of America right now", "You go there's the winner cannot public talent to go about content about immense love biggest myth of the evening  Melissa Leo  you last year don't know any better. And that's. It's depressing night what was that and by agreement in Accra ", "to go about content about immense love biggest myth of the evening Melissa Leo you -- last year don't know any better. And that's. It's depressing night what was that and by agreement -- -- -- ", "stars John Goodman an Oscar winner  Melissa Leo  and it's describes. As a fundamentalist they go out there. And it's  Melissa Leo  and she drugs them. And they wake there now when you got a cast like  Melissa Leo . John Goodman Michael parks who ", "it's got a lot of buzz stars John Goodman an Oscar winner Melissa Leo and it's describes. As a fundamentalist. Horror movie is that accurate. It is. It's a movie about. It starts off later Kevin Smith movies some boys talking about sex they get an offer for. Sex in the woods from an older woman and a trailer and they believe it because there are school boys they go out there. And it's Melissa Leo and she drugs them. And they wake up in this subterranean in chapel surrounded by gun toting religious extremists. And who have no good intentions for these boys. So it's weird it's a weird leap away from anything I've done and then also in the movie shifts becomes something else. John Goodman plays an ATF agent must make sense of the situation. I got. Phenomenal cast in this movie that's like and I have to trick right there now when you got a cast like Melissa Leo . John Goodman Michael parks who plays the -- bad guy -- -- Cooper yeah it gives an award worthy performance why doesn't ", "these pioneer and associated. Before they were stars that Sarah Michelle That they loved me George Demille Oscar winner  Melissa Leo  Christians later they all worked on All My Children still feels like when you. You keep it and it's almost everything ", "Sarah Michelle -- That they loved me George Demille -- Oscar winner Melissa Leo Christians later they all worked on All My Children still feels like when you. You keep it and it's almost everything after "]