['Jackie Joyner-Kersee says Jessica Ennis lived up to the pressure she was under to become an Olympic champion. ', "Participation of female athletes from around the world showed how far we've come, she says", "But she says it was saddening that women's softball weren't a part of these Olympics games", 'Joyner-Kersee: We must not forget that lack of funding can be an issue for female athletes', "Editor's note: Jackie Joyner-Kersee is a former long jump and heptathlon U.S. athlete. She has won three Olympic gold medals, one silver and two bronze, and is considered by many to be the greatest female all-round athlete in history. ", '(CNN) -- The 2012 London Olympic Games fostered a generation of hope. I witnessed women participating for the very first time, representing every nation. Congratulations to 800 meter runner Sara Attar and judoka Wokdan Ali Seraj Abdulrahim Shahrkhani. Shahrkhani represented Saudi Arabia in judo and was among a number of other pioneer women who were part of the very first Olympics in which every country sending a team to London included at least one female athlete.', "Their participation and that of athletes from Libya, Iraq, Jordan, Oman, Yemen, Qatar and other nations exemplifies how far we've come, on a global level. The celebration of 40 years of title IX -- legislation that guaranteed equal opportunities in women's college athletics -- what a year to celebrate!", 'The performances of USA women\'s basketball (five consecutive gold medals), USA women\'s soccer (bouncing back from the World Cup loss to capture the gold against Japan), Kerri Walsh-Jennings and Misty May-Treanor, after motherhood showed they are still the "Queens of the Beach" with an historic three-peat, and let\'s not forget double-gold for the Williams family in tennis and the stunning performance of Tianna Madison, Allyson Felix, Bianca Knight and Carmelita Jeter breaking a 27-year-old world record in the 4x100m relay, and Jamaican Frazier-Price winning back-to-back gold in the women\'s 100 meters and Ethiopian Tiunesh Dibaba making history in the women\'s 10,000 meters.', "Sanya Richards-Ross (400m), Felix (200m), Australia's Sally Pearson 100m hurdles, Brittany Reese (long jump) and Jenn Suhr (pole vault), as well as teenagers like Missy Franklin (swimming), Gabby Douglas (gymnastics), Claressa Shields (boxing), all claimed their very first individual gold medals. Jessica Ennis of Great Britain, the face of the games, lived up to the pressure and became an Olympic champion by winning the most demanding event (in my opinion) for a female athlete; the hepthalon.", 'Dawn Harper, Jeter, Dee Dee Trotter, Brigetta Barrett, LaShinda Demus, Veronica Campbell, Lia Neal (second African American in swimming to bring home a medal) and the U.S. indoor volleyball team also all came away with medals.', 'To each of those remarkable athletes, and all of the women (and men) from around the world who came to London and put forth their very best efforts I extend a heartfelt congratulations. It was an honor for me to watch you, providing a wonderful trip down memory lane.', "As exciting as these games were for women, it saddened me to know that women's softball wasn't a part of these Olympic Games and we still must not forget our female athletes come from grass roots programs and lack of funding is always an issue. We live in a world where sports have the potential to bridge the gap between racism, sexism and discrimination. The 2012 Olympic Games was a great start but hopefully what these games taught us is that if women are given an opportunity on an equal playing field the possibilities for women are endless.", 'The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jackie Joyner-Kersee.', 'Bruce Katz and Jennifer Bradley say cities like Pittsburgh, Cleveland and Akron have reinvented themselves with smart public, private and civic leadership. Detroit can too', "Lisa Bloom says it's time to call the spectacle of the political wife, standing by her man in the media glare as he admits to his latest sexual offense against her, what it really is", 'Roxanne Jones says one reason Weiner should stay in the race is that more Americans engage in the same naughty practice he was caught in', 'Nina Burleigh says the Norwegian woman put in a Dubai jail after reporting a rape can go home, but how many Arab women are in prison for going to the police?', "Errol Louis says Anthony Weiner could be hounded out of the race by New York's business and civic leaders -- the very circle he would need to lead as mayor.", 'Former NSA chief Michael Hayden says the agency has access to metadata about phone calls but not the content of those calls.', "Pepper Schwartz says Anthony Weiner's wife likely stands by the mayoral candidate through another sex scandal for complicated reasons. But it's hard to watch", 'John Thune and Tim Kaine say U.S. spending policies regularly place unknown financial burdens on future generations. A new bill would change that, they say.', "Gloria Borger says Weiner's biggest political problem is his inability to tell the complete truth to those who deserve it. ", "Sen. Al Franken says we can't debate the legality of domestic spying if it's a secret program authorized by secret legal opinions issued by a secret court.", "Tom Delbanco says there's a risk that a flood of new patients would overwhelm the already-besieged primary care work force.", 'Tom Rogan says Will, Kate and new son put a modern spin -- relatable, but royally distant -- on the monarchy, key to sustaining its relevance in the 21st century.', "Dan Jones says it makes sense for England to rejoice over a new royal baby: it's a living link with its national history. Why Americans care is harder to figure out.", 'Gregory Maguire says the new baby of Catherine and Prince William, like any child, declares the future for us.', "David Rothkopf says the Arab-Israeli conflict seems as intractable as ever, but the secretary of state's valiant bid to put it back on table is worth a try -- and could work.", "David Satter says reformers like Alexei Navalny are a threat to Russia's corrupt government, hence they are persecuted.", 'John Sutter says the sad story of the woman who died on a Texas roller coaster highlights the need for regulations.', 'Ruben Navarrette says the conversation following the Zimmerman acquittal needs to look broadly at issues of race and politics. ', 'John Avlon says that as newspapers fail and news about stars and cats take over, the show "The Newsroom" is crucial. ']