["'Dancing With the Stars' Recap: Melissa Gilbert  Goes to Hospital; Donald Driver Shirtless Dance Impresses", 'Stars last night and they did get a little rocky for  Melissa Gilbert  and Max she was rushed to the hospital. The broadcasting channeled their. And more to remember. Former child star  Melissa Gilbert  to the hospital. After her paso doble. Yourself ', "The Stars last night and they did get a little rocky for Melissa Gilbert and Max she was rushed to the hospital. The broadcasting to hear about that a lot of drama on the dance floor to talk about it all but Carson. And -- and just a moment but first campus that a take a look back sports. The competition caught fire as the stars channeled their. And more to remember. Former child star Melissa Gilbert -- to the hospital. After -- her paso doble. Yourself in the as a precaution she's gone to the hospital to get ", "Six couples left on dancing with the stars and we are back now with what could be the most tenacious  Melissa Gilbert  They've talked it out for eight weeks despite worst injuries and some scored from the judges. And our special correspondent ", "back now with what could be the most tenacious -- -- -- Melissa Gilbert -- -- -- They've talked it out for eight weeks despite -- worst injuries and some scored from the judges. And our ", "light. Have an opinion pretty close he was gone and  Melissa Gilbert . This is not a shocker here and who watched the show pack it up so they movement was Sean Fagan there and  Melissa Gilbert 's back to the prairie she is at half past. Thank ", "light. Have an opinion -- -- pretty close he was gone and Melissa Gilbert . This is not a shocker here and -- -- -- who watched the show more regularly than I do -- like he had always time for her. To pack it up so they movement was Sean Fagan -- -- there and Melissa Gilbert's -- back to the prairie she is at half past. Thank you survive their injuries as she hit her head Lennar as ", 'Melissa Gilbert , Roshon Fegan join partners in chat about experience on "DWTS."', 'now. Gwyneth paltrow, on the red carpet. And  melissa gilbert . And great to have larry hackett of "people should all be so lucky. How about hearing about  melissa gilbert ?  Melissa gilbert , "of little house on the prairie," marries ', 'hottest storiyiyies trending right now. Gwyneth paltrow, on the red carpet. And melissa gilbert . And great to have larry hackett of "people" magazine back with us. Good to be here. Your cover right there, gwyneth paltrow. ', 'this point. We should all be so lucky. How about hearing about melissa gilbert ? Melissa gilbert , "of little house on the prairie," marries timothy busfield, 30-something, and "the west wing." They announced their engagement in january. And they\'ve ', "for a very long morning. Reporter: Over the years, other injured stars haven't been that lucky. In season 14,  melissa gilbert  had to miss one night of competition, after suffering a concussion and whiplash during the paso doble. Missy may-treanor ", "the years, other injured stars haven't been that lucky. In season 14, melissa gilbert had to miss one night of competition, after suffering a concussion and whiplash during the paso doble. Missy may-treanor had to stop ", "Johnson and shows Melissa and Max an emotional night as we said goodbye to Disney star we're Sean Fagan and TV icon  Melissa Gilbert . know Chop Shop on the Prairie School. We want Gilbert talked about her way to viewers' hearts but I think it was ", "we said goodbye to Disney star we're Sean Fagan and TV icon Melissa Gilbert . -- know Chop Shop on the Prairie School. We want Gilbert talked about her way to viewers' hearts but I think it ", "Well it's time for the skinny any update on. Full got kicked off and of Dancing With The Stars now we know  Melissa Gilbert . Who should be don't we should they gonna have the lowest score. And her partner was injured as well well apparently ", "and -- -- of Dancing With The Stars now we know -- Melissa Gilbert . Who should be don't we should they gonna have the lowest score. And her partner was injured as well well apparently she ", 'names for you DW TS fans out there these are the the cast of all stars this year Jack Wagner of Melrose Place fame  Melissa Gilbert  Little House on the Prairie Donald Driver of that back TV personality Maria when Newt knows what my favorites that ', 'cast of all stars this year Jack Wagner of Melrose Place fame Melissa Gilbert Little House on the Prairie -- Donald Driver of that back -- -- TV personality Maria when Newt knows what -- my ', "He also could win this and last but not least.  Melissa Gilbert  again shockingly she looks just like Martina Navratilova you didn't see this America. Let's talk about  Melissa Gilbert  could all half pint OK Jeff the most amazing partner ", "money so. He also could win this and last but not least. Melissa Gilbert again shockingly she looks just like Martina Navratilova. We're gonna try the video here. OK let's talk just pretend you didn't see this America. Let's talk about Melissa Gilbert could all half pint OK Jeff the most amazing partner Max thank you so much for -- buttoning a shirt made my ", "great when my favorite death is alleged ties what I Hot hair at. Of course we have in the bottom two as well here  Melissa Gilbert  who is back after a little concussion on the show a couple of days backlash when she's doing many he's back but ", "at. Of course we have in the bottom two as well here Melissa Gilbert who is back after a little concussion on the show a couple of days backlash when she's doing many -- he's back ", "out of sync with Tony I hope that people vote and keep them on because I think there's more that she could do.  Melissa Gilbert  also in jeopardy of going home in my opinion. This clip looks really good she's moving quite quickly and I'm ", "keep them on because I think there's more that she could do. Melissa Gilbert also in jeopardy of going home in my opinion. This clip looks really good she's moving quite quickly and I'm quite recently ", "favorite I should that I gave them ten. Good evening right now and of course on the other end of the spectrum with  Melissa Gilbert  she's recovering from a head injury only to see her pro partner. he was hobbled by assists in the ankle and their ", "now and of course on the other end of the spectrum with Melissa Gilbert she's recovering from a head injury only to see her pro partner. -- he was hobbled by assists in the ankle and ", "couple's Thanks to paparazzi. Of opera star Katherine Jenkins out on the town with her dance partner Mark Ballas.  Melissa Gilbert  tweeted that her children aren't allowed to watch practice definitely Eaton and violence. yeah apparently Max sure ", "Jenkins out on the town with her -- dance partner Mark Ballas. Melissa Gilbert tweeted that her children aren't allowed to watch -- practice definitely -- Eaton and -- violence. -- yeah apparently Max sure cops ", "'Dancing With the Stars' ('DWTS) Rock Week: Donald Driver, Roshon Fegan Impress Judges", "terrible. I think it's charming. I love And sound like we're up at. everybody here they're setting up up up  Melissa Gilbert  blessed that we heard that she was rushed to the hospital. With a didn't happen during the performance a little ", "at. -- -- -- -- everybody here they're setting up up up Melissa Gilbert blessed that we heard that she was rushed to the hospital. With a -- didn't happen during the performance -- a little ", "tonight showed no dance you'll but the two lowest scores. Gets. Eliminated and I suspect we may be looking at  Melissa Gilbert  she's business. We're a little bit. I'm her total score with her partner was 51 and your buddy your girl Maria ", "lowest scores. Gets. Eliminated and I suspect we may be looking at Melissa Gilbert she's business. We're a little bit. I'm her total score with her partner was 51 and your buddy your girl Maria and ", "didn't like her Bollywood inspired samba. That would not connection to winners and at the bottom of the leader board  Melissa Gilbert . Despite delivering a sizzling samba with the Brothers At this moment in the. And tonight we find out which four ", 'connection to -- winners and at the bottom of the leader board Melissa Gilbert . Despite delivering a sizzling samba with the Brothers -- -- At this moment in the. And tonight we find out which four ', "pounds. Already this season lady's favorite William Levy and former family your foam shed. Twelve pounds. And  Melissa Gilbert  she's gone from a size six. Iced tea. Star after star has transformed. Into. Former TV star Kirstie Alley lost ", "family -- -- -- your -- -- foam shed. Twelve pounds. And Melissa Gilbert she's gone from a size six. Iced tea. Star after star has transformed. Into. -- -- -- Former -- TV star Kirstie ", "Running towards it because it's so amazing on the other. she can't see it now and not in attendance last night was  Melissa Gilbert  because on Monday's performance if didn't see it. During their was a paso doble Max she hit her head up. Is ", "she can't see it now and not in attendance last night was Melissa Gilbert because on Monday's performance if -- didn't see it. During their -- was a paso doble -- Max she hit her head "]