["Canadian officials find 'insufficient' braking on deadly runaway train - CNN.com", 'An unmanned train carrying 72 tankers of crude oil plowed into the heart of Lac-Megantic, Quebec, on Saturday, devastating the town and shocking people in Canada and beyond. Daniel Poulin, a longtime resident of Lac-Megantic, Quebec, and editor of a local monthly newspaper, lost friends in the train disaster. ', 'Police officers remove caution tape in areas of Lac-Megantic that were off-limits to residents. Since the July 6 derailment, wide areas of downtown have been restricted as authorities cleaned up and investigated the disaster site. ', 'The derailment in downtown Lac-Megantic wiped out 40 buildings and killed dozens of people. Many more people are still missing and believed to have been vaporized in the inferno.', 'Luce Robineau, on the train tracks directly behind her home, lost her business in the derailment. She operated a boutique downtown and hopes to rebuild. ', 'Ed Burkhardt, CEO of Montreal, Maine & Atlantic Railway, spoke to media in Lac-Megantic on Wednesday, July 10, four days after the train wreck. He was heckled by onlookers, and many residents say he has mishandled the ordeal. ', 'Protesters shout at rail executive Ed Burkhardt. The town is seething with anger.', 'Access to much of Lac-Megantic is restricted, including the railway and downtown.', 'Andre Blais adjusts a sign erected near the train tracks. It bears a message for the rail company: "Shame on you MMA." It is signed "The population" and refers to the "train from hell." ', 'Shortly after authorities open some barricaded streets, a group of young men stop by to check out the wreckage in downtown Lac-Megantic. It is a sad and stunning sight.', 'The wreckage of downtown Lac-Megantic is a stunning sight. Residents say they are determined to come back from the disaster.', "Louise Latulipe walks her 10-month-old granddaughter, Mykaelle. Latulipe's daughter had to evacuate her home after the derailment and has not been allowed to return. ", 'People gather at the Parc de la Croix to look down over the town where the train derailed.', '(CNN) -- Canada\'s Transportation Safety Board has determined "the braking force applied was insufficient to hold" an unmanned train that became a runaway and crashed into the town of Lac-Megantic this month, killing 38 people, the agency said Friday.', 'The unmanned 73-car train had been parked in the neighboring Quebec town of Nantes on July 6 but it suddenly rolled into motion after the engineer went to a hotel.', 'The train slammed into the center of Lac-Megantic, and tank cars full of oil exploded and burned in the heart of the commercial district.', "The rail company contends the train's engineer failed to set the brakes properly, but the engineer said he reported to managers that he set 11 hand brakes on the train cars before they broke away from their engines.", 'This South Korean couple has spent many of the past 60 years believing the other was dead. In fact, he was held prisoner by the North. ', 'The world finally knows how to address the latest addition to the British royal family: HRH Prince George Alexander Louis of Cambridge.', 'Captured on tape: A train derailed and snapped in two as it hurtled around a curve in Spain, killing 80 people.', 'Sinkholes are devouring 20 million square meters of land on the northern Chinese plain, destroying homes and displacing families. ', 'Posters offering a reward for information about Nazis still living in Germany have been put up in three cities. ', "CNN's Ivan Watson is given rare access to the opening of a cemetery for war veterans in North Korea's capital. ", 'From laptops to cars, the products you take for granted are made using African minerals.', '"He\'s got her looks, thankfully," said Prince William. Check out the first photos of the long-awaited royal baby. ', 'George H.W. Bush shaves his head to support a two-year-old with leukemia whose father is part of the Secret Service.', "They've long been considered topics that aren't polite to discuss at the dinner table. And as it turns out, they're touchy on Wikipedia as well. "]