['celebrities who recently came out:  Meredith Baxter  Fans must have been surprised when she was a lesbian. Last December,  Meredith Baxter  sat down with Matt Lauer on the reconsider who a lesbian is."  Meredith Baxter  "When a celebrity who is a mom and ', 'Hopefully that will start another dialogue on that subject."  Meredith Baxter  Fans must have been surprised when the matriarch of the Ties" announced that she was a lesbian. Last December,  Meredith Baxter  sat down with Matt Lauer on the "Today" show to tell the ', "It's a testament to the show's enduring imprint that  Meredith Baxter  , who played the mom Elyse Keaton, could make headlines with Baxter for Sen. John Kerry in the 2004 election.  Meredith Baxter  Off the set, Baxter's own family ties were strained ", "Meredith Baxter , on 'Oprah,' Calls Girlfriend the 'Healthiest Relationship I Ever Had'", 'Meredith Baxter  led a "secret life" as an emotionally abused wife for years before learning she was gay and entering "the healthiest relationship ', 'Meredith Baxter  says in a new book, "Untitled," that she was a victim of emotional and physical abuse. Baxter, the actress best known for ', 'Today,  Meredith Baxter  revealed the gender to which her heart is truly tied: women. Baxter, the actress best known for playing hippie mom Elyse Keaton ', 'very conventional pattern, as evidenced by Maggie Seaver (Joanna Kerns) on Growing Pains and Elyse Keaton ( Meredith Baxter Birney ) on Family Ties. "For all their modernity, these shows were incredibly old-fashioned in their presentation ', "Don't tell me that  Meredith Baxter  cannot just because of you she. She was living very openly already she did go on this gay cruise. Just the other day she was ", "Don't tell me that Meredith Baxter cannot just because of you -- she. She was living very openly already she did go on this gay cruise. Just the ", "explored on television in Grey's Anatomy. And experience in real life by several leading actresses. Cynthia Nixon and  Meredith Baxter  stunned Hollywood by taking on female partners after years of being married to men. And hate set up tabloid frenzy with ", 'in real life by several leading actresses. -- -- Cynthia Nixon and Meredith Baxter -- stunned Hollywood by taking on female partners after years of being married to men. And hate set up -- tabloid frenzy ']