['A-list star vehicles (Robert Downey Jr. in "Iron Man 3," Brad Pitt in "World War Z," Sandra Bullock and  Melissa McCarthy  in "The Heat"). Of course, Reynolds, Smith and Tatum would be the exceptions here. But when Hollywood puts ', 'A-list star vehicles (Robert Downey Jr. in "Iron Man 3," Brad Pitt in "World War Z," Sandra Bullock and  Melissa McCarthy  in "The Heat"). Of course, Reynolds, Smith and Tatum would be the exceptions here. But when Hollywood puts ', "Melissa McCarthy , Sandra Bullock Bonded Over 'Obsession' With Home Renovation, Kids", 'Melissa McCarthy  had never met Sandra Bullock before teaming up with the actress on their new movie, but said "The Heat" co-stars hit it off ', 'When  Melissa McCarthy \'s film "The Identity Thief" hit theaters in February, a New York film critic called her "tractor-sized" and later referred ', 'I think in today\'s world, when there\'s so many positive role models out there, Octavia Spencer, Adele,  Melissa McCarthy  from \'Bridesmaids\' and lots of people like that, I think, are changing the way things are viewed," said Fashion ', 'century. Yesterday the bowl sold in a Sotheby\'s auction for over $2 million dollars . With your toddler...  Melissa McCarthy  introduced a new dance move with Elmo and a penguin on Sesame Street called " Flap-A-Waddle Boom Boom ."', 'added, "An apology would be the right thing to do, but some damage done can\'t be fixed in an apology." CBS did not immediately respond to ABCNews.com\'s request for comment. Mike & Molly stars  Melissa McCarthy  and Billy Gardell.', 'well-written scripts that\'s not always the  Melissa McCarthy  being a fat girl," she said. The trend on screen does prepare you for feeling like a weirdo."  Melissa McCarthy Melissa McCarthy  may star as one-half of a plus-sized couple ', 'Girls," Molly Tarlov of MTV\'s "Awkward" and  Melissa McCarthy  from the hit sitcom "Mike and Molly." With the it\'s not like Sadie is in danger or anything."  Melissa McCarthy  Though McCarthy\'s Molly meets her mate Mike at ', "because weirdos rule the world. Love It Or Leave It: Rihanna's Matchy-Matchy Look Well said, ladies. Amy Poehler's so rad. I wonder how I can get her to be my friend. [ ONTD ] Watch  Melissa McCarthy  Steal Jason Bateman's Identity", 'Dunham, "Girls"; Edie Falco, "Nurse Jackie"; Tina Fey, "30 Rock"; Julia Louis-Dreyfus, "Veep";  Melissa McCarthy , "Mike & Molly"; Amy Poehler, "Parks and Recreation" Emmy voters have never forgotten their love for "Seinfeld ', 'Girl" Lena Dunham, "Girls" Edie Falco, "Nurse Jackie" Tina Fey, "30 Rock" Julia Louis-Dreyfus, "Veep"  Melissa McCarthy , "Mike and Molly" Amy Poehler, "Parks and Recreation" Best Actor in a Comedy Series Alec Baldwin, "30 Rock ', "we are delighted to have the hilarious oscar nominated  melissa McCarthy  here with us this morning. following her star-making turns in So much heat, it's smoking. I mean -- you heard it from  melissa McCARTHY .", 'we are delighted to have the hilarious oscar nominated melissa McCarthy here with us this morning. following her star-making turns in "bridesmaids" and "identity theft" and she\'s bringing "the heat." See how I ', 'from the heat. Last week it was about the mobsters, "world war z." How about "the heat"? Sandra bullock and  melissa McCARTHY  USING HER CHARM. She\'s so obnoxious in this movie. They\'re already talking about a sequel. How about "despicable ', 'the mobsters, "world war z." How about "the heat"? Sandra bullock and melissa McCARTHY USING HER CHARM. She\'s so obnoxious in this movie. They\'re already talking about a sequel. How about "despicable me 2" and "lone ', "Defense of her cousin, comic  melissa McCarthy . Family sticks together. Jenny defense of her cousin, actress  melissa McCarthy , after the comedienne's new real-life character. THIS GIRL,  melissa McCarthy  has remained completely silent ", 'McCARTHY, SPEAKING OUT IN Defense of her cousin, comic melissa McCarthy . Family sticks together. Jenny defending melissa against savage remarks made by film critics. Take a look. I can do this all day with you. Reporter: It is the plus-sized controversy this morning that doesn\'t seem to be going away. She\'s very, very, very talented. You know that. Absolutely. Reporter: Late wednesday, jenny McCarthy came to the defense of her cousin, actress melissa McCarthy , after the comedienne\'s new movie "identity theft," as well as her size, were panned by critic rex reed. I don\'t know the ', "performance, he says he has praise for her real-life character. THIS GIRL, melissa McCarthy has remained completely silent. And I think that's very classy. Reporter: Reed says, after years of watching friends struggle with weight issues, he just doesn't find fat jokes funny. I don't care how much melissa McCARTHY WEIGHS. I mean, you know, she wants to be fat. Mark, she is crying all the way to the bank. They say ", 'ace is here and all of us at "gma" want to say congratulations to all of you. Other another hit on his HAND WITH  melissa McCarthy  and "the heat." It beat "world war z" and "white house down." But it doesn\'t mean that she will go back ', 'congratulations to all of you. Other another hit on his HAND WITH melissa McCarthy and "the heat." It beat "world war z" and "white house down." But it doesn\'t mean that she will go back for ', 'second behind "monsters university." You have two popular stars and incredible formula in the buddy movie and know  melissa McCARTHY  IS FUNNY AND NO OTHER Audience for this movie. Not to take away from "white house down" but they went to it ', 'two popular stars and incredible formula in the buddy movie and know melissa McCARTHY IS FUNNY AND NO OTHER Audience for this movie. Not to take away from "white house down" but they went to it. ', 'heat" driven by the star power of sandra bullock,  melissa McCarthy  and demian bichir. He plays -- he plays sandy\'s they\'re really, really funny full time, 24/7.  melissa McCarthy  was just here. She had a wonderful talk with robin ', 'the comedy "the heat" driven by the star power of sandra bullock, melissa McCarthy and demian bichir. He plays -- he plays sandy\'s boss in the movie and here he is trying to help -- well, ', "only beautiful and talented but they're really, really funny full time, 24/7. melissa McCarthy was just here. She had a wonderful talk with robin and she said that it was as much fun behind the sces ", 'Let\'s go to comic  melissa McCARTHY . I\'m a big fan of hers. A big movie opening this weekend. Topping the box off with the movie, "identity thief." The victory ', 'Let\'s go to comic melissa McCARTHY . I\'m a big fan of hers. A big movie opening this weekend. Topping the box off with the movie, "identity thief." The ']