['(Photo credit: John Lamparski/WireImage/Getty Images) Last winter, reality show veteran  Melissa Rycroft  and her partner, Tony Dovolani, won "Dancing with the Stars: All-Stars," and she\'s got some advice for tonight\'s finalists ', 'ABC RADIO AND SLACKER ANNOUNCE THE SECOND SEASON OF "DANCING WITH THE STARS" RADIO', 'Dancing with the Stars champion  Melissa Rycroft  and The View\'s Sherri Shepherd guest contributors such as: -  Melissa Rycroft  , champion of Dancing with the Radio\' as a contributor," said  Melissa Rycroft , champion of Dancing with the ', 'dance" and is a "fan of the show." She went to last season\'s finale with her son Matt as former TV personality  Melissa Rycroft  won, claiming the title of " Dancing With the Stars: All-Stars " champion over former Olympic athlete, Shawn ', "last night with reality star  Melissa Rycroft  being crowned the winner, all finalists and their partners,  Melissa Rycroft , Tony Dovolani, Derek Hough Rycroft explained. READ ALSO:  Melissa Rycroft  Wins 'DWTS: All-Stars' Her ", 'All-Stars\' championship finale. Ann, who was in the audience with her son, Craig, watched as former TV personality  Melissa Rycroft  reigned victorious, claiming the title of "Dancing With the Stars: All-Stars" champion over former Olympic gymnast ', 'in the audience of ABC\'s "Dancing with the Stars." Ann attended the show\'s finale as former TV personality  Melissa Rycroft  reigned victorious claiming the title of \'Dancing With the Stars: All-Stars\' champion over former Olympic athlete ', "ABC/Adam Taylor TV personality  Melissa Rycroft  won the 'Dancing With the Stars: All-Stars' championship votes and judges' scores. Tonight's Instant Dances  Melissa Rycroft : The TV personality danced a samba to the song ", "Shawn Johnson and Derek Hough and  Melissa Rycroft  and Tony Dovolani. I have to most consistent of them all.  Melissa Rycroft  is the best dancer and has the With the Stars: All-Stars':  Melissa Rycroft  Leads Going into Finale Hopefully ", 'were involved in a fight on Thanksgiving Day. 5.  Melissa Rycroft  Leads Going Into \'DWTS\' Finale Part one of "Dancing All-Stars Edition" finals kicked off Monday night.  Melissa Rycroft  and her partner Tony Dovolani landed at the top of ', 'Adam Taylor Shawn Johnson,  Melissa Rycroft  and Kelly Monaco battled it out out of a possible 30 points.  Melissa Rycroft : The TV personality gave an She earned 29.5 points.  Melissa Rycroft : Her contemporary-inspired ', "Johnson, Rycroft and Monaco Compete Tonight in 'Dancing With the Stars: All-Stars' Finals", "trophy tonight, a first in the dancing competition's 15-season history. Olympian Shawn Johnson, TV personality  Melissa Rycroft  and soap opera star Kelly Monaco will make their bid for the championship tonight. They are among the show's first-ever ", 'their favorite holiday traditions and foods. Here\'s a sample: * "Dancing with the Stars: All-Stars" finalist  Melissa Rycroft  and her partner, Tony Dovolani, agree that garlic mashed potatoes is a good choice for Thanksgiving. She also enjoys ', "Apolo Ohno, Emmitt Smith Voted Off 'Dancing With the Stars: All-Stars' in Semifinals", "two performances on Monday, ended up in third place on the score board. Olympian Shawn Johnson and TV personality  Melissa Rycroft  were the top scorers. Elimination is based on a combination of judges' scores plus audience votes. Smith and Ohno ", 'Melissa Rycroft  talks about her first year of marriage and her struggle with PPD', 'And a big scare in the ballroom.  Melissa rycroft  rushed to the hospital this weekend, after banging got stuck. And her body kind of bowed. Reporter:  Melissa rycroft  was wheeled out of "dancing with the stars" practice ', 'And a big scare in the ballroom. Melissa rycroft rushed to the hospital this weekend, after banging herself up during rehearsals. But doctors cleared her to dance last night. And abc\'s cecilia vega has the latest on how she\'s doing right now. Reporter: It was the rehearsal that went terribly wrong. Her sneakers kind of got stuck. And her body kind of bowed. Reporter: Melissa rycroft was wheeled out of "dancing with the stars" practice on a gurney. Her neck in a brace. Her partner, tony dovolani, by ', 'Star of "The Bachelor" and "Dancing With The Stars" says having a child has changed her life.', "Can now reveal. The winners and champions. Of Dancing With The Stars. Falls. Melissa. The alleged to. So worried about it highway. I'm record date Tony body and head he's never whenever about Turkey a good one it this First place. I'm really what Italy Olympic gymnast Shawn Johnson to she was", "the Dancing With The Stars Melissa right what seems like she's always lived a charmed life but. It wasn't always so she's revealing in her new memoir my reality and ABC's Rachel Smith is us right now. You discover about our friend Melissa well well Melissa when she first became famous as the woman", "We've been telling all about upcoming series living the dream and that's need to tell us if you want only about any adventure. He loved to have him and Melissa this because she just had. The great when you always wanted to know what it was like to dance with the right cats and get the chance to"]