['(CNN) -- Brazilian military police say they destroyed a small explosive device over the weekend after discovering the item in a bathroom near a sanctuary Pope Francis is scheduled to visit later this week.', 'The device was found in Aparecida, where Francis is scheduled to visit a historic Roman Catholic sanctuary Wednesday. It had "low destructive power" and wasn\'t in an area on the pope\'s route or in an area where pilgrims would be gathering, military police in the southeastern state of Sao Paulo confirmed to CNN.', 'The explosive was made from a small plastic cylinder wrapped in duct tape, they said.', '"The artifact was sent to military authorities for verification," police said. "Security personnel quickly cordoned the area off."', 'Pope Francis celebrates Mass at Copacabana beach in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, on Thursday, July 25. The pontiff is in the South American country for World Youth Day, a celebration aimed at revitalizing young Catholics.', "Thousands of young people gather at Rio de Janeiro's iconic Copacabana beach on July 25 to welcome the pope.", 'Pope Francis holds Mass at the Basilica of Our Lady of Aparecida in Aparecida, Brazil, on Wednesday, July 24. ', 'Members of the clergy listen to Pope Francis, center right, as he gives Mass inside the Basilica of Our Lady of Aparecida on July 24.', 'A boy waves a flag along with the other faithful to see the pope in Aparecida on July 24.', 'Pope Francis waves to pilgrims as he arrives at the Basilica of Our Lady of Aparecida on July 24.', 'Pope Francis celebrates Mass at a chapel inside the Sumare residence, where he is staying in Rio de Janeiro, on Tuesday, July 23. Pope Francis took a break from his schedule in Brazil on Tuesday as authorities assessed security lapses during a raucous welcome ceremony by tens of thousands of adoring pilgrims.', "Pope Francis talks with Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff during a welcoming ceremony at the Guanabara Palace in Rio de Janeiro on Monday, July 22. The pope began his first apostolic visit Monday in Brazil, home to the world's largest Catholic population.", 'Pope Francis takes the stage with President Dilma Rousseff at the Guanabara Palace on July 22.', 'Pope Francis and his security escorts depart the Metropolitan Cathedral in Rio on July 22.', "People wait outside the Metropolitan Cathedral for the pope's arrival on July 22.", 'A member of the security detail holds up a baby for Pope Francis to kiss on July 22.', 'A crowd surrounds the Popemobile on July 22 as Pope Francis departs the Metropolitan Cathedral.', 'President Dilma Rousseff accompanies Pope Francis after his arrival at the international airport in Rio de Janeiro on July 22.', "Pope Francis' car is surrounded by well-wishers after the driver took a wrong turn along the route from the Rio de Janeiro airport to the Metropolitan Cathedral on July 22 in this still image taken from video.", 'A tactical squad was called in to destroy the device "without any further risk," police said.', "Francis landed in Rio de Janeiro on Monday for the start of the Roman Catholic Church's World Youth Day. Hundreds of thousands of pumped-up young Catholic pilgrims are on hand for the weeklong festival, hosted by a country eager for good news after a summer of protests.", 'Anger over high taxes, corruption and lavish spending on the upcoming World Cup soccer tournament spurred Brazilians to turn out for the largest protests seen in 20 years.', 'The demonstrations, held in Sao Paulo, Rio and the capital of Brasilia, were sparked by a planned increase in bus fares in June.', 'Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff promised to address the concerns, announcing that she heard "the direct message from the streets" for better services and social reforms.', 'This South Korean couple has spent many of the past 60 years believing the other was dead. In fact, he was held prisoner by the North. ', 'The world finally knows how to address the latest addition to the British royal family: HRH Prince George Alexander Louis of Cambridge.', 'Captured on tape: A train derailed and snapped in two as it hurtled around a curve in Spain, killing 80 people.', 'Sinkholes are devouring 20 million square meters of land on the northern Chinese plain, destroying homes and displacing families. ', 'Posters offering a reward for information about Nazis still living in Germany have been put up in three cities. ', "CNN's Ivan Watson is given rare access to the opening of a cemetery for war veterans in North Korea's capital. ", 'From laptops to cars, the products you take for granted are made using African minerals.', '"He\'s got her looks, thankfully," said Prince William. Check out the first photos of the long-awaited royal baby. ', 'George H.W. Bush shaves his head to support a two-year-old with leukemia whose father is part of the Secret Service.', "They've long been considered topics that aren't polite to discuss at the dinner table. And as it turns out, they're touchy on Wikipedia as well. "]