["I'm I'm not that that  Melissa Leo  is here what does this morning. Don't have a better here please goes to actually said that on the top. Of the envelope and then  Melissa Leo  and Kirk Douglas was to you know He would rate Al was taking so ", "I'm I'm not that -- that Melissa Leo is here -- what does this morning. Don't have a better here please. Talk about -- now it's going to be Oscar ", '-- actually said that on the top. Of the envelope and then Melissa Leo -- and Kirk Douglas was to you know He would rate Al -- was taking so long. Say who the winner was ', 'You may know our next guest  Melissa Leo  from her Oscar nominated performance in the frozen river. Now she is back with another strong performance that is likely maker ', 'You may know our next guest Melissa Leo from her Oscar nominated performance in the frozen river. Now she is back with another strong performance that is likely -- maker ', "Leo we just heard that she has been nominated for a second time for an Oscar for her role as the mother and the fighter to fighter what seven. Nominations believe right yes but let's not congratulations. Things you don't like to thank you very imaginative realty Garrett all of America right now", "You go there's the winner cannot public talent to go about content about immense love biggest myth of the evening  Melissa Leo  you last year don't know any better. And that's. It's depressing night what was that and by agreement in Accra ", "to go about content about immense love biggest myth of the evening Melissa Leo you -- last year don't know any better. And that's. It's depressing night what was that and by agreement -- -- -- ", "stars John Goodman an Oscar winner  Melissa Leo  and it's describes. As a fundamentalist they go out there. And it's  Melissa Leo  and she drugs them. And they wake there now when you got a cast like  Melissa Leo . John Goodman Michael parks who ", "it's got a lot of buzz stars John Goodman an Oscar winner Melissa Leo and it's describes. As a fundamentalist. Horror movie is that accurate. It is. It's a movie about. It starts off later Kevin Smith movies some boys talking about sex they get an offer for. Sex in the woods from an older woman and a trailer and they believe it because there are school boys they go out there. And it's Melissa Leo and she drugs them. And they wake up in this subterranean in chapel surrounded by gun toting religious extremists. And who have no good intentions for these boys. So it's weird it's a weird leap away from anything I've done and then also in the movie shifts becomes something else. John Goodman plays an ATF agent must make sense of the situation. I got. Phenomenal cast in this movie that's like and I have to trick right there now when you got a cast like Melissa Leo . John Goodman Michael parks who plays the -- bad guy -- -- Cooper yeah it gives an award worthy performance why doesn't ", "these pioneer and associated. Before they were stars that Sarah Michelle That they loved me George Demille Oscar winner  Melissa Leo  Christians later they all worked on All My Children still feels like when you. You keep it and it's almost everything ", "Sarah Michelle -- That they loved me George Demille -- Oscar winner Melissa Leo Christians later they all worked on All My Children still feels like when you. You keep it and it's almost everything after ", "you for a while. While young Natalie Portman looks forward to settling in for the night. That's supporting actress  Melissa Leo  is looking that go out and celebrate. With 94 years young Kurt Douglas. You might move you lose then you're in different ", "Portman looks forward to settling in for the night. That's supporting actress Melissa Leo is looking that go out and celebrate. With 94 years young Kurt Douglas. You might move you lose then you're in -- ", "Bonham Carter and king's speech.  Melissa Leo  in the fighter Hayley Steinfeld in true grit and your weight now.  Melissa Leo  and the fire is getting the best Books and anyway. What happens  Melissa Leo 's a lot of people think it'll ", "one. Amy Adams in the fighter Helena Bonham Carter and king's speech. Melissa Leo in the fighter Hayley Steinfeld in true grit and -- -- -- your weight now. Melissa Leo and the fire is getting the best performance in this category is just the way it is -- what did she do. ", "-- But this amenity -- -- Books and anyway. What happens -- Melissa Leo's a lot of people think it'll be released on so true grit. He's supporting wanted. Me. She was in everything true grit -- she's in the wrong category my guess is that if Melissa Leo should -- which He -- He will go to Helena Bonham Carter in the King's Speech. Very subtle form and very easy ", "interesting category to because  Melissa Leo  from the fighter has been the favored announcement I still think it'll be  Melissa Leo . But though this up for grabs split the vote. And again I think  Melissa Leo  was very good but her performance ", "actress well best supporting actress this is an interesting category to because Melissa Leo from the fighter has been the favored all along. But there's a little disturbance in the force could that nice young lady Hayley Steinfeld from true grit wind of sneaking out a win could Amy. -- from the fighter when this is the one category think you really wanna be Annie get your -- when you hear that announcement I still think it'll be Melissa Leo . But though this -- up for grabs a little. -- -- I wanna stick with the fighter because of course everyone's talking about Christian -- performance -- think he's gonna get best supporting actor I think he's a sure thing He and Colin -- of potential things of the night that -- But I begun with Chris I mean yes Melissa Moseley has been the favorite but I'm gonna pay Hayley -- up from trooper she was truly phenomenal -- hoping that the 25 cents nominations kind of split the vote. And again I think -- Melissa Leo was very good but her performance a lot of it's about the haren cigarettes and that. The external stuff. I mean when ", "times like a soap opera. One nominees very first acting job was on the so recognize her yet yet. It's the fighters  Melissa Leo . Sorry. And only its own and. All My Children waved back in 1985. I'm pretty sweet for moment here. Those old ", "was on the so recognize her yet -- yet. It's the fighters Melissa Leo . Sorry. And -- only its own and. All My Children waved back in 1985. I'm pretty sweet for -- moment here. Those ", "other awards best supporting actress usually when in the early awards during Oscar night from an interest in category  Melissa Leo  from the fighter had been. An early favorite on that has that changed her she driver's seat what's interesting ", "in the early awards during Oscar night from an interest in category Melissa Leo from the fighter had been. An early favorite on that has that changed her she -- driver's seat what's interesting Melissa -- ", "on profanity a lot more than then. I would prefer in such a performance but he's good. One person that and Next  Melissa Leo  in the fighter. The only and it's not just the that's authentic it's the pursing a probe and money the way she ", "a performance but he's good. One person that -- and -- Next Melissa Leo in the fighter. -- The only and it's not just the -- that's authentic it's the pursing a probe -- and money ", "school with money department. There's been in the hallways about these for your consideration ads but the fighters  Melissa Leo  purchased for herself. Mile away them and well. Haters get a She remains a likely best supporting actress Joyce while ", 'in the hallways about these for your consideration ads but the fighters Melissa Leo purchased for herself. -- Mile away -- them and well. Haters get a -- She remains a likely best supporting actress Joyce ', "we always do see upsets it seems like supporting actress and there's been a bit of a disturbance in the force with  Melissa Leo  taking the lead you know what it's like for you guys we'd all sports it's hard to I don't believe I. Hard to ", "and there's been a bit of a disturbance in the force with Melissa Leo taking the lead you know what it's like for you guys we'd all sports it's hard to I don't believe I. Hard ", 'also this is the quintessential American story. Not pay you the interesting thing is that up until a couple weeks ago  Melissa Leo  as a shoo in to win best supporting actress but she did a no no for which started taking ads. Asking the voters to ', 'you the interesting thing is that up until a couple weeks ago Melissa Leo as a shoo in to win best supporting actress but she did a no no for -- which started taking ads. Asking ', "social network are pretty much in a fight with an affair I think. It's true grit and their given thanks but and love  Melissa Leo  and yes she was fantastic. But so was the woman animal kingdom. Black infield of the kingdom I and using animal kingdom ", 'and their -- -- -- given -- thanks -- but and love Melissa Leo and -- -- yes she was fantastic. But so was the woman -- animal kingdom. Black infield of the -- kingdom I ', 'Award for stuff Jeremy Renner in the town. They told me even when He was coming down here. California with a 21. Next  Melissa Leo  in the Slater sorry. I the only itself and and then her costar Amy Adams and from south and you thought that and me ', 'when He was coming down here. California with a -- 21. Next Melissa Leo in the Slater sorry. I -- the only itself and and then her costar Amy Adams and from south and you thought ', "inside. Once I get are. Some Academy Award nominees were also looking a bit ahead like supporting actress favorite  Melissa Leo  pondering her Oscar dress. But if I'm putting my foot in the address because quite as we step into that pulled them ", "Award nominees were also looking a bit ahead like supporting actress favorite Melissa Leo pondering her Oscar dress. But if I'm putting my foot in the address because quite as we step into that pulled them ", 'and more than a few heartbeats from the on pins and needles supporting actress nominees. You know. Then the fighters  Melissa Leo  heard Miller is the Everybody else heard this. We have lots In supporting actor Christian Bale kept it low work He ', 'on pins and needles supporting actress nominees. You know. Then the fighters Melissa Leo heard -- Miller is the -- Everybody else heard this. We have lots -- -- -- -- In supporting actor Christian Bale ']