['from the heat. Last week it was about the mobsters, "world war z." How about "the heat"? Sandra bullock and  melissa McCARTHY  USING HER CHARM. She\'s so obnoxious in this movie. They\'re already talking about a sequel. How about "despicable ', 'the mobsters, "world war z." How about "the heat"? Sandra bullock and melissa McCARTHY USING HER CHARM. She\'s so obnoxious in this movie. They\'re already talking about a sequel. How about "despicable me 2" and "lone ', "Defense of her cousin, comic  melissa McCarthy . Family sticks together. Jenny defense of her cousin, actress  melissa McCarthy , after the comedienne's new real-life character. THIS GIRL,  melissa McCarthy  has remained completely silent ", 'McCARTHY, SPEAKING OUT IN Defense of her cousin, comic melissa McCarthy . Family sticks together. Jenny defending melissa against savage remarks made by film critics. Take a look. I can do this all day with you. Reporter: It is the plus-sized controversy this morning that doesn\'t seem to be going away. She\'s very, very, very talented. You know that. Absolutely. Reporter: Late wednesday, jenny McCarthy came to the defense of her cousin, actress melissa McCarthy , after the comedienne\'s new movie "identity theft," as well as her size, were panned by critic rex reed. I don\'t know the ', "performance, he says he has praise for her real-life character. THIS GIRL, melissa McCarthy has remained completely silent. And I think that's very classy. Reporter: Reed says, after years of watching friends struggle with weight issues, he just doesn't find fat jokes funny. I don't care how much melissa McCARTHY WEIGHS. I mean, you know, she wants to be fat. Mark, she is crying all the way to the bank. They say ", 'ace is here and all of us at "gma" want to say congratulations to all of you. Other another hit on his HAND WITH  melissa McCarthy  and "the heat." It beat "world war z" and "white house down." But it doesn\'t mean that she will go back ', 'congratulations to all of you. Other another hit on his HAND WITH melissa McCarthy and "the heat." It beat "world war z" and "white house down." But it doesn\'t mean that she will go back for ', 'second behind "monsters university." You have two popular stars and incredible formula in the buddy movie and know  melissa McCARTHY  IS FUNNY AND NO OTHER Audience for this movie. Not to take away from "white house down" but they went to it ', 'two popular stars and incredible formula in the buddy movie and know melissa McCARTHY IS FUNNY AND NO OTHER Audience for this movie. Not to take away from "white house down" but they went to it. ', 'heat" driven by the star power of sandra bullock,  melissa McCarthy  and demian bichir. He plays -- he plays sandy\'s they\'re really, really funny full time, 24/7.  melissa McCarthy  was just here. She had a wonderful talk with robin ', 'the comedy "the heat" driven by the star power of sandra bullock, melissa McCarthy and demian bichir. He plays -- he plays sandy\'s boss in the movie and here he is trying to help -- well, ', "only beautiful and talented but they're really, really funny full time, 24/7. melissa McCarthy was just here. She had a wonderful talk with robin and she said that it was as much fun behind the sces ", 'Let\'s go to comic  melissa McCARTHY . I\'m a big fan of hers. A big movie opening this weekend. Topping the box off with the movie, "identity thief." The victory ', 'Let\'s go to comic melissa McCARTHY . I\'m a big fan of hers. A big movie opening this weekend. Topping the box off with the movie, "identity thief." The ', 'instant index here to Sunday night in so many if you tweeting you outrage after a report last night about actress  Melissa McCarthy . And a critic who took her out because of the sort of laughing. Tonight though she gets the last lap for new movie ', 'if you tweeting you outrage after a report last night about actress Melissa McCarthy . And a critic who took her out because of the -- sort of laughing. Tonight though she gets the last lap for ', 'biggest surprise for you know. Well I think the  Melissa McCarthy  nomination for lead actress in a comedy series with the biggest surprise especially to  Melissa McCarthy . had a good year with bridesmaids and being talked ', 'from Hollywood -- biggest surprise for you know. Well I think the Melissa McCarthy nomination for lead actress in a comedy series with the biggest surprise especially to Melissa McCarthy . -- had a good year with bridesmaids and being talked about you know usually see more familiar faces during these Emmy nominations ', "Santa okay Sandra Bullock  Melissa McCarthy  Jennifer Lopez Cameron Diaz range to play opposite. And  Melissa McCarthy  is completely rewriting the premiere for bridesmaids and he saw  Melissa McCarthy 's. Like absolutely career ", "eastern. Sandra Bullock is this under center. -- Santa okay Sandra Bullock Melissa McCarthy Jennifer Lopez Cameron Diaz A -- stars -- one thing in common they're all over forty earning top dollar and defying. -- ", "who is. There's somewhere within his age range to play opposite. And Melissa McCarthy is completely rewriting the book not even the coming a movie star and about forty. Now studios are rewriting roles originally meant -- quit the movie identity -- Jason Bateman went to the premiere for bridesmaids and he saw Melissa McCarthy's . Like absolutely career changing. Role and he called the producer the next morning and he said. Let's rewrite this movie for a ", "Test Text1 italics Sandra bullock.  melissa McCarthy , jennifer lopez. Cameron diaz. A-list stars bateman went to the premiere for bridesmaid and he SAW  melissa McCarthy 's career-changing role. He called the producer ", "Test Text1 italics Sandra bullock. melissa McCarthy , jennifer lopez. Cameron diaz. A-list stars with one thing in common. They're all over 40 in hollywood. They also have in common ", "men. Jayson bateman went to the premiere for bridesmaid and he SAW melissa McCarthy's career-changing role. He called the producer the next morning and let's rewrite this movie for a woman. Reporter: The heat starring alongside ", 'Joining me for the presentations this morning. Our  Melissa McCarthy  who stars in the CBS series Mike and Molly and Joshua and Tina Fey and thirty Iraq. Laura Linney the big  Melissa McCarthy  might in my. Martha Plimpton raising hole. And ', "this year's Emmy nominees. Joining me for the presentations this morning. Our Melissa McCarthy who stars in the CBS series Mike and Molly and Joshua Jackson who stars in the fox broadcasting series friends. -- that ", 'Jackie and Tina Fey and thirty Iraq. Laura Linney the big -- Melissa McCarthy might in my. -- -- Martha Plimpton raising -- hole. And Amy Poehler parks and recreation. Change. Think that befell pat pat ', "as they get public I was I'll I think that was  Melissa McCarthy  is usually hilarious and she was really funny in laugh some time but. And it a little bit more when  Melissa McCarthy 's amounts that topped the box office maybe there's ", "-- public I was -- I'll I think that was -- -- Melissa McCarthy is usually hilarious and she was really funny in this movie but there are a lot of points resident theater for about ", "I laugh some time but. And it a little bit more when Melissa McCarthy's amounts that topped the box office maybe there's not -- the latest OC isn't enough -- and won't find better than this ", "well-loved comedic ACTRESS,  melissa McCarthy . A critic taking on her wei abc's tanya rivero. Reporter:  Melissa mccarthy , is one of the hottest actresses personal criticism isn't STOPPING  melissa McCarthy . At the top of her game and ", 'Now to that headline involving a well-loved comedic ACTRESS, melissa McCarthy . A critic taking on her wei tonight, some of her fans are fighting back. Here\'s abc\'s tanya rivero. Reporter: Melissa mccarthy , is one of the hottest actresses in hollywood. Star of the new movie "identity thief." Reviews have been mixed. But veteran critic ', 'little too fat. Telling cbs\' "60 minutes." That personal criticism isn\'t STOPPING melissa McCarthy . At the top of her game and comfortable in her own skin. Getting the last laugh. It would be hard to overstate ', "think in today's world when they're so many positive. It's you know role models out there Octavia Spencer.  Melissa McCarthy  from bridesmaid that I think changing the way things are viewed. Vogue Magazine notorious for featuring papers thin ", "positive. It's you know role models out there Octavia Spencer. -- -- Melissa McCarthy from bridesmaid that I think -- changing the way things are viewed. Vogue Magazine notorious for featuring papers thin -- will soon ", "think in today's world when they're so many positive. It's you know role models out there Octavia Spencer  Melissa McCarthy  from bridesmaids and I think they're changing the way things are viewed. Vogue Magazine notorious for featuring ", "positive. It's you know role models out there Octavia Spencer -- -- Melissa McCarthy from bridesmaids and I think they're changing the way things are viewed. Vogue Magazine notorious for featuring papers thin fingers will soon ", '9834; let\'s do it. You can chang comedian  melissa McCarthy  and one perk can penguin for the craze viewed on "sesame street" some when  melissa McCarthy  shares word of the day which is choreographer. The ', "original movie Las Vegas which should be great. I'm either ridiculous in this trailer check it out and get ready for  Melissa McCarthy  to and during the scene which should me. How amazing the tagline for the movie is this time there's no wedding ", "either ridiculous in this trailer check it out and get ready for Melissa McCarthy to and during the scene which should -- -- me. How amazing the tagline for the movie is this time there's no ", "side often happy and it's not that you really you yeah. He's yeah it's it's just it. Hey I have finally  Melissa McCarthy  always has got to get slapping the bridesmaids star stopped by to visit Jimmy Kimmel show last night to promote her ", "yeah. He's -- yeah it's it's just it. Hey I have finally Melissa McCarthy always has got to get -- slapping the bridesmaids star stopped by to visit Jimmy Kimmel show last night to promote her "]