['And a big scare in the ballroom.  Melissa rycroft  rushed to the hospital this weekend, after banging got stuck. And her body kind of bowed. Reporter:  Melissa rycroft  was wheeled out of "dancing with the stars" practice ', 'And a big scare in the ballroom. Melissa rycroft rushed to the hospital this weekend, after banging herself up during rehearsals. But doctors cleared her to dance last night. And abc\'s cecilia vega has the latest on how she\'s doing right now. Reporter: It was the rehearsal that went terribly wrong. Her sneakers kind of got stuck. And her body kind of bowed. Reporter: Melissa rycroft was wheeled out of "dancing with the stars" practice on a gurney. Her neck in a brace. Her partner, tony dovolani, by ', 'Star of "The Bachelor" and "Dancing With The Stars" says having a child has changed her life.', "Can now reveal. The winners and champions. Of Dancing With The Stars. Falls. Melissa. The alleged to. So worried about it highway. I'm record date Tony body and head he's never whenever about Turkey a good one it this First place. I'm really what Italy Olympic gymnast Shawn Johnson to she was", "the Dancing With The Stars Melissa right what seems like she's always lived a charmed life but. It wasn't always so she's revealing in her new memoir my reality and ABC's Rachel Smith is us right now. You discover about our friend Melissa well well Melissa when she first became famous as the woman", "We've been telling all about upcoming series living the dream and that's need to tell us if you want only about any adventure. He loved to have him and Melissa this because she just had. The great when you always wanted to know what it was like to dance with the right cats and get the chance to", "Our special contributor Melissa crop is and He brought red carpet well and I did feel like you know beat the red carpet about exactly it's. Hard not to get start but at least I was not feeling what needs to be Oscar red car and. Hollywood's biggest night and my first. On the Oscar red carpet.", 'Reigning "DWTS" champ  Melissa Rycroft  gets a sneak peek at the final rehearsal before the premiere.', 'Melissa Rycroft , Kelly Monaco and Shawn Johnson are put to test in "Two to Tango."', 'Olympic gymnast Shawn Johnson, Gilles Marini and  Melissa Rycroft  talk about the competition.']