['Hollywood newcomers, including Biggs, Tara Reid,  Mena Suvari  and Chris Klein, but also spawned three sequels and and was the third person evicted from the house.  Mena Suvari Mena Suvari  has probably had the most success of any of the cast ', 'principal actors from the franchise haven\'t done anything particularly notable since "American Wedding" (save for  Mena Suvari , Alyson Hannigan and Eddie Kaye Thomas), getting the entire gang together one more time to recapture the magic that ', 'Levy have already signed on the dotted line for the new movie and deals are in the works for Tara Reid , Chris Klein,  Mena Suvari  , and Jennifer Coolidge. Alyson Hannigan may or may not be involved. This news comes a day after Seann William Scott ', "in the Floor). He's a confused son of a mobster who is infatuated with a stunning librarian (American Beauty's  Mena Suvari ) and befriends a drug-addicted thief, Cleveland (Garden State's Peter Sarsgaard), whom he must protect from his ", 'In the new movie "Stuck," which opened last week, actress  Mena Suvari  plays a young woman named Brandi, who, after a night of partying, strikes a homeless man with her car, sending him through ', 'Stuck" raises compelling questions about morality and ethics and how far people will go to avoid reprisal. Brandi ( Mena Suvari ) initially comes across as a sweet and compassionate nurse\'s assistant, excited because she is in line for a promotion ', 'Studded metallic sling, $32 -- www.shopintuition.com Who has them: Nicky Hilton, Paris Hilton, Jessica Simpson,  Mena Suvari , Katie Holmes. Sunglasses Aviators Sama Eyewear aviators, $325 -- www.samaeyewear.net Who has them: Gwyneth ', 'Studded metallic sling, $32 -- www.shopintuition.com Who has them: Nicky Hilton, Paris Hilton, Jessica Simpson,  Mena Suvari , Katie Holmes. Sunglasses Aviators Sama Eyewear aviators, $325 -- www.samaeyewear.net Who has them: Gwyneth ', "Atlanta's upper class an inner-city makeover. Andie MacDowell gives up fad diets for fried collard greens, and  Mena Suvari 's love life takes a bizarre turn. Perhaps every successful hair stylist must sometimes play psychotherapist to her ", "classic featured Chambers as the latest in a long line of screen D'Artagnans, this time romancing American Pie 2's  Mena Suvari  and dueling with Planet of the Apes' baddie Tim Roth. The battle-of-the-sexes comedy Two Can Play That Game ", "classic featured Chambers as the latest in a long line of screen D'Artagnans, this time romancing American Pie 2's  Mena Suvari  and dueling with Planet of the Apes' baddie Tim Roth. The battle-of-the-sexes comedy Two Can Play That Game ", "classic featured Chambers as the latest in a long line of screen D'Artagnans, this time romancing American Pie 2's  Mena Suvari  and dueling with Planet of the Apes' baddie Tim Roth. The battle-of-the-sexes comedy Two Can Play That Game ", "only six months would quickly become the Meryl Streep. Of his time and you have has taken notice here's rendition of  Mena Suvari  classic scene from American Beauty. And then the icy stare Rambo. Here's our others take on the Blair witch project ", "his time and you have has taken notice here's -- rendition of Mena Suvari classic scene from American Beauty. And then -- -- the icy stare Rambo. Here's our others take on the Blair witch project "]