['Some things that happen in Washington, D.C., have come to be expected, such as hyper-partisanship in the Congress along sharp "red" vs. "blue" lines.New York Sen. Ki...', 'Congress, administration spar over legislation to scrap visa requirement for Israeli travelers', 'Legislation that would let Israelis visit the United States without visas but not demand full reciprocal treatment for all Americans wishing to travel to the Jewish ...', 'Legislation that would let Israelis visit the United States without visas but not demand full reciprocal treatment for all Americans wishing to travel to the Jewish ...', 'An ambitious, bipartisan effort to overhaul the military justice system and stanch the increasing number of sexual assaults gained crucial support from conservatives...', 'Police accuse aide to Sen . Barbara Boxer  of carrying marijuana into Senate office building', 'An aide to Democratic Sen. Barbara Boxer has been arrested on charges that he brought marijuana into a Senate office building.The office of the California Democrat s...', 'Northern Calif. man arrested on suspicion of threatening life of Sen . Barbara Boxer ', 'Authorities say a Northern California man has been arrested on suspicion of making death threats against Sen. Barbara Boxer .San Rafael police spokeswoman Margo Rohr...', 'The Democratic head of the Senate\'s environment committee tried Saturday to drum up support for legislation to deal with "one of the most important issues of our tim...', "A quick trip around Hannity's America...I'm a Senator!Do not get on Senator Barbara Boxer's bad side! That's what happened to one brigadier general who went testifyi...", 'This is a rush transcript from "Hannity," March 30, 2010. This copy may not be in its final form and may be updated.SEAN HANNITY, HOST: Welcome back to the special e...', 'This is a rush transcript from "On the Record," May 7, 2010. This copy may not be in its final form and may be updated.GRETA VAN SUSTEREN, FOX NEWS HOST: Tonight: Th...', 'Security expert Bruce Schneier talks to Alan about the U.S. Postal Service logging all mail for law enforcement.', 'On Monday, President Obama visited California to raise money for Senator Barbara Boxer , who would like to begin a fourth decade in Congress. He conceded that she co...', 'The following is a transcript from "FOX News Sunday" on Dec. 4, 2005:(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)PRESIDENT BUSH: These decisions about troop levels will be driven by the condi...', "Los Angeles Mayor Eric Garcetti said violence and vandalism in city streets resulted in 13 arrests in protests over George Zimmerman's Florida acquittal in the shoot...", 'Protesters ran through Los Angeles streets, stopping traffic, breaking windows and at one point raiding a Wal-Mart store, and a major freeway was blocked in the San ...', 'Anger over the verdict in the George Zimmerman murder trial led protestors to run through Los Angeles streets Monday night, breaking windows, attacking people on sid...', 'Bradley Blakeman and Richard Fowler debate voter rights and voting discrimination', 'Obama economic roadshow, scandal at the DHS and another one at the IRS. Chris and guests discuss']