['(CNN) -- A group of 81 migrants held captive in a house in the border city of Reynosa were rescued by Mexican authorities.', 'A tip led state and federal agents to the two-story home where the migrants were held Wednesday. They had been held hostage there for several days, the Tamaulipas state public ministry said.', 'All but one of those rescued are Central Americans, the public ministry said. Men and women were among the captives, 39 from Honduras, 38 from Guatemala, three from El Salvador and one Mexican, the ministry said.', 'The migrants told authorities that they were attempting to enter the United States illegally.', 'Mass kidnappings of this sort are not unheard of. It is one of the many risks that Central American migrants face as they traverse Mexico.', 'In June, 52 migrants were rescued from another home in Reynosa. That same month, 165 migrants were rescued from the city of Gustavo Diaz Ordaez, also in Tamaulipas state.', 'This South Korean couple has spent many of the past 60 years believing the other was dead. In fact, he was held prisoner by the North. ', 'The world finally knows how to address the latest addition to the British royal family: HRH Prince George Alexander Louis of Cambridge.', 'Captured on tape: A train derailed and snapped in two as it hurtled around a curve in Spain, killing 80 people.', 'Sinkholes are devouring 20 million square meters of land on the northern Chinese plain, destroying homes and displacing families. ', 'Posters offering a reward for information about Nazis still living in Germany have been put up in three cities. ', "CNN's Ivan Watson is given rare access to the opening of a cemetery for war veterans in North Korea's capital. ", 'From laptops to cars, the products you take for granted are made using African minerals.', '"He\'s got her looks, thankfully," said Prince William. Check out the first photos of the long-awaited royal baby. ', 'George H.W. Bush shaves his head to support a two-year-old with leukemia whose father is part of the Secret Service.', "They've long been considered topics that aren't polite to discuss at the dinner table. And as it turns out, they're touchy on Wikipedia as well. "]