['Edward Burkhardt, CEO of Montreal, Maine & Atlantic Railways Inc., speaks on Wednesday, July 10, during a news conference. A train with 72 tanker cars carrying crude oil barreled down the track before derailing and exploding in Lac -Megantic, Quebec, on Saturday, July 6.', 'A police officer surveys the damage. At least 15 people were killed and another 45 remain missing after the weekend crash, authorities said. Those still missing are feared dead, possibly vaporized by the resulting inferno, according to some experts.', 'Residents leave a convenience store in a part of Lac Megantic that reopened on July 9.', 'Burned tanker cars are scattered on the tracks in Lac-Megantic, Quebec, on Monday, July 8.', 'Derailed rail cars sit in mud and oil in Lac-Megantic on July 8, in this handout image released by the Transportation Safety Board of Canada.', 'A man consoles a woman on July 8 at the Polyvalente Montignac, the school used as a shelter for evacuated Lac-Megantic residents.', 'Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper, second left, observes the site of the explosion on Sunday, July 7.', 'Firefighters continue to douse burning wreckage on July 7 in Lac-Megantic, Quebec.', 'People cry and hug each other on July 7 while they sit on the grass at the Polyvalente Montignac, the school sheltering the people who were forced to leave their houses.', 'Firefighters walk past a burnt out vehicle near the train derailment in Lac Megantic, Quebec, July 7.', 'Melted siding on a home is seen near the scene of a train derailment in Lac Megantic, Quebec, July 7.', 'Smoke billows from a fire at the site of a train derailment on Saturday, July 6.', 'Firefighters work to put out fires at the wreckage of the train in Lac-Megantic on July 6.', 'Smoke rises in the background as Quebec Premier Pauline Marois speaks to reporters in Lac-Megantic on July 6.', 'Railway chairman about visiting devastated town: "People wanted to throw stones at me"', 'Edward Burkhardt believes he was misunderstood, that he does sympathize with victims', 'Lac-Megantic, Quebec (CNN) -- Edward Burkhardt said he tried to get the people of Lac-Megantic, Quebec, to hear him, to try to understand that he had traveled to their town because he genuinely cared, he told CNN in an exclusive interview Thursday.', 'The 74-year-old chairman of Montreal, Maine & Atlantic Railway wanted to answer any questions from officials and hear people out about the anguish they feel after a driverless train carrying tank cars oil rolled out of control, exploding in an inferno that killed at least 20 people.', 'At least 30 more are still missing, most them probably dead, Quebec Provincial Police Capt. Michel Forget has said. The blaze may have vaporized victims, authorities said.', "Burkhardt expected that he'd face raw emotions, but was surprised that so much anger was directed at him.", 'An aerial photo from the Quebec Provincial Police shows the aftermath of a train derailment explosion in Lac-Megantic, Quebec, on Saturday, July 6. Quebec provincial authorities have found 20 bodies, and 30 more are missing and "most probably dead." ', 'Most of the 73-car train derailed in the center of Lac-Megantic, setting off a huge fireball that burned for 36 hours. ', 'Firefighting vehicles from the United States helped Canadian authorities battle the blaze in Lac-Megantic, a town of about 6,000 people 130 miles east of Montreal. ', 'Some 2,000 people were forced to flee their homes immediately after the derailment and explosion. ', 'A "war zone" is how Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper described the scene after viewing the destruction.', 'Authorities have said those still missing may have been vaporized by the resulting inferno.', 'An engineer faces a criminal investigation by Canadian authorities, according to the head of the railway whose runaway train devastated Lac-Megantic.', 'Investigators have asked fire crews to stop spraying down the wreckage to preserve as much of the remaining evidence as possible. ', '"I\'d been told about it. I\'d been warned about it," he said. "But it was worse than I thought. I thought people would respond to my willingness to come there. I mean, they were screaming about how I took three days to get there."', '"Well, the three days we had a dozen people on the scene and I was organizing all kinds of things that were necessary," he said. "And I figured I didn\'t really need to be in the way of people there when they were trying to put the fire out and that sort of stuff.', '"I would wait till the dust settled to a certain degree and then I would come. That\'s what I did, but this was not well-received at all."', 'On Wednesday, two middle-aged men shouted at Burkhardt as he spoke with reporters, calling him an obscene name and challenging him to walk into the heart of the tragedy.', "One of the men, Pierre L'Heureux, told CNN he knew at least half the people who were dead or missing.", '"They should put that guy in prison," L\'Heureux said. "He\'s a murderer ... he should be in prison."', '"People wanted to throw stones at me. I showed up and they threw stones. But that doesn\'t accomplish anything," Burkhardt told CNN said.', 'Attempts to set up meetings with city officials and rescue workers were unsuccessful, he said.', '"I failed with all that," he told CNN. "They were too busy. They didn\'t want to meet."', 'His visit to the town was "designed to get a healing process under way," he said, but he was misunderstood.', '"Maybe I didn\'t present my case very well. But I\'m not a communications professional. I\'m a manager."', 'The executive with more than 50 years in the railway business told CNN that he could get "quite emotional" talking about the train disaster.', '"They talked about that I had no empathy, or no sympathy, and in fact I have plenty," he said. "I can imagine myself being in that kind of situation and I also would be grieving and I\'d be very unhappy. I\'d be very mad about the whole thing so I certainly understand the need to vent. But it comes a point where it\'s totally unproductive."', 'Burkhardt told CNN that that is why he has decided not to return to Lac-Megantic Thursday. CNN spoke to him in Sherbrooke, an hour and a half outside Lac-Megantic, the closest area with an available hotel room.', '"I\'m willing to come back (to Lac-Megantic) at a later date when maybe things are a little calmer, a little more settled down," he said.', '"Well, there\'s no question that it\'s a brake failure on the train. The train rolled away. That speaks for itself, doesn\'t it?" he answered. "There\'s no sugarcoating that."', '"What caused the brake failure is a bit complex it\'s more than one factor," he continued, saying that the company is still "trying to pull all the pieces together on that."', 'Burkhardt has said that the train engineer reported to railroad managers that he set 11 hand brakes on the train cars before they broke away from their engines. On Wednesday, the executive said he felt "it\'s questionable" whether the engineer indeed did that.', '"Our general feeling is now that is not true," Burkhardt said Wednesday, adding that the engineer had worked for the MM&A for "many years" and "had a completely clear safety record up until Saturday."', 'On Thursday the railway executive told CNN that the engineer is suspended, and Burkhardt has not spoken to him.', '"The investigation is continuing, but if we decide to bring internal charges against the engineer he\'s entitled to a full and impartial investigation with his union at his side," Burkhardt said. "We\'re -- he\'s got a big problem on his hands and we\'re not trying to make that worse for him personally."', "CNN's Anna Coren and Adam Reiss reported near Lac-Megantic. Ashley Fantz wrote this article in Atlanta.", 'This South Korean couple has spent many of the past 60 years believing the other was dead. In fact, he was held prisoner by the North. ', 'The world finally knows how to address the latest addition to the British royal family: HRH Prince George Alexander Louis of Cambridge.', 'Captured on tape: A train derailed and snapped in two as it hurtled around a curve in Spain, killing 80 people.', 'Sinkholes are devouring 20 million square meters of land on the northern Chinese plain, destroying homes and displacing families. ', 'Posters offering a reward for information about Nazis still living in Germany have been put up in three cities. ', "CNN's Ivan Watson is given rare access to the opening of a cemetery for war veterans in North Korea's capital. ", 'From laptops to cars, the products you take for granted are made using African minerals.', '"He\'s got her looks, thankfully," said Prince William. Check out the first photos of the long-awaited royal baby. ', 'George H.W. Bush shaves his head to support a two-year-old with leukemia whose father is part of the Secret Service.', "They've long been considered topics that aren't polite to discuss at the dinner table. And as it turns out, they're touchy on Wikipedia as well. "]