["California's San Onofre nuclear power plant, which has been offline since April 2012, is to be shut down permanently, Southern California Edison said Friday.Regulato...", 'Stacey Thompson had just been stationed at Marine base in Japan when she said her sergeant laced her drinks with drugs, raped her in his barracks and then dumped her...', "Sen. Boxer Offers No Apology for Rebuking Brigadier General Who Called Her 'Ma'am'", "California Senate candidate Carly Fiorina said Sunday she regrets being caught on tape making fun of Sen. Barbara Boxer's hair, but didn't say whether she apologized...", 'With just two weeks to go, Democratic efforts to shrink the Senate playing field by using resources to shore up deep blue states like California seem to be working. ...', 'This is a rush transcript from "Special Report," May 14, 2013. This copy may not be in its final form and may be updated.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP) SEN. HARRY REID, D-NV, MA...', 'U.S. Sen. Barbara Boxer wants the Justice Department to investigate if California utility executives deceived federal regulators about an equipment swap at the San O...', 'Democratic senator apologizes for citing Okla. tornadoes in climate change speech', 'Rhode Island Democratic Sen. Sheldon Whitehouse has apologized for remarks Monday in which he linked Oklahoma "cyclones" to climate change while berating Republicans...', 'Senate rejects firearms on Army Corps of Engineers lands, boosting gun control supporters', "The Senate rejected an effort Wednesday to expand the use of firearms on some of the nation's most frequently visited federal lands, handing gun control advocates a ...", 'Inhofe Says Boxer, Hillary Clinton Discussed Reining in Conservative Talk Radio Three Years Ago', "Sen. James Inhofe of Oklahoma says he doesn't need an eye exam or a hearing aid and that he clearly remembers hearing Democratic Sens. Barbara Boxer of California an...", 'This is a rush transcript from "America\'s Election HQ," August 6, 2008. This copy may not be in its final form and may be updated.HEATHER NAUERT, HOST: NAUERT: Toget...', 'Senators Marco Rubio and Joe Manchin Join Forces to Fight Against Contraception Mandate', 'Complaints about long lines marred the November election for some. So at the State of the Union, President Obama announced a new bipartisan commission to try and mak...']