['that is icing on the cake. But that\'s what I\'m committed to, ultimately." Kidman appears in "Stoker" with  Mia Wasikowska , Matthew Goode, Dermot Mulroney and Jacki Weaver. The film opens March 1.', "prove he has value to his brothers, and truly in love when he courts the preacher's daughter, Bertha, played by  Mia Wasikowska . Worth honorable mentions are Jason Clark as Howard Bondurant and Jessica Chastain, who plays Maggie, a big-city ", 'wasn\'t going on." The actor said his drinking - whether for method-acting reasons or no - freaked out co-star  Mia Wasikowska . "She was calling her attorney, like, \'Get me the [bleep] out of here,\' LaBeouf recalls. "I was really ', 'the boys of "Superbad," opposite Jonah Hill, and struck gold last year with her role in "Zombieland."  Mia Wasikowska Mia Wasikowska , 20, had her breakthrough as the fragile yet fierce gymnast Sophie on HBO\'s "In Treatment." Edward Zwick ', 'up a public persona in terms of film audiences."  Mia Wasikowska  This March, with the help of director Tim Burton, Australian actress  Mia Wasikowska  is sure to break out in a big way. Wasikowska will ', 'Hathaway has experience playing royalty: She starred in "The Princess Diaries" and its sequel.  Mia Wasikowska  Australian actress  Mia Wasikowska , 19, best known for playing Sophie in the first season of HBO\'s "In Treatment," plays Alice ', 'combative Navy pilot there because he bombed an Iraqi school by mistake. Wednesday is would-be Olympic gymnast Sophie ( Mia Wasikowska ), the most empathetic patient. Thursday is Jake and Amy (Josh Charles and Embeth Davidtz), an extremely unhappy ', "The actress talks about director Chan-wook Park's latest psychological thriller.", "Oh yeah. During their feeling this event during. Because they didn't until today. standing alone. About sixty seconds or and turned them and be staying here for awhile. I for your decision. Because. It's important. He seemed to work. Consistently would really interest and filming it seems to me", 'We\'re going to discuss a new thriller "stoker." It stars nicole kid nan. She plays a recent widow, named and  mia wasikowska . And uncle charlie moves in. Let\'s look at a clip. What do you want from me? To be friend. We don\'t need ', "It stars nicole kid nan. She plays a recent widow, named and mia wasikowska . And uncle charlie moves in. Let's look at a clip. What do you want from me? To be friend. We don't need ", 'like, this is awesome. They were treated me like a princess. Very gentlemenly around me. After a few weeks, when  mia wasikowska , who is wonderful, showed up, it was so great to have that feminine energy. We got manicures immediately. It ', 'like a princess. Very gentlemenly around me. After a few weeks, when mia wasikowska , who is wonderful, showed up, it was so great to have that feminine energy. We got manicures immediately. It was fun. I ']