["Tommy Lee Jones, Meryl Streep  Dish on 'Hope Springs,' Steve Carell and Performing in Love Scene", 'Oscar winners,  meryl streep  and tommy lee jones joining forces in a funny and touching new waking up in the morning and telling yourself, I actually know  meryl streep . Oh, man. Nobody in my house is so thrilled about that. And ', 'Oscar winners, meryl streep and tommy lee jones joining forces in a funny and touching new movie called "hope springs." They play a long-time married couple ', "Imagine waking up in the morning and telling yourself, I actually know meryl streep . Oh, man. Nobody in my house is so thrilled about that. And I'm actually going to work with her today. That's a ", "doubt and it opens Friday and  Merrill Streep  it's coughing are ways. Her know. That's what made you  Merrill Streep  at that moment if they had you We're going to leave every one of  Meryl Streep  in 1970s. And. We used to lose ", "just contrite for this season. We're going to leave every one of Meryl Streep in 1970s. And. We used to lose lose. And I. Okay. -- bring you. You will come back he's. I can't let ", "arguing and everyone talking about bullies. It photographs the reality of what it is to be terrified and some actors including  Meryl Streep  have come forward to say they've they know it's true. Terry Moran reports. It is a movie that takes you straight into ", "reality of what it is to be terrified and some actors including Meryl Streep have come forward to say they've -- they know it's true. Terry Moran reports. It is a movie that takes you straight ", "get for the woman who seems to have it all just after Betty White. White pickup pretty wild birthday gift for Oscar winner  Meryl Streep  her very own leopard. Just in time Leppert you're bigger 63 birthday what do you get Merrill street a leopard. This isn't ", "Betty White. White pickup -- pretty wild birthday gift for Oscar winner Meryl Streep her very own leopard. Just in time -- Leppert you're bigger -- 63 birthday what do you get Merrill street -- a ", "She's a new movie it's complicated and Alan Ball when they play a divorced couple. Who rekindled their flame after ten years apart except he's remarried and she needs someone else and architect played by Steve Martin as you can guess is complicated that's the name of the movie. Merrill's already", "I feel like an entity amounts activity that renewed confidence and like at people feel silly isn't asking mostly negative. It's like. Pretty scary question because she just positive confidence about such as something that's why wouldn't you do that you we're just starting that process. meet someone", "Academy Award nominations. Two statues. Catered thickness general. Analysts here it is home. your name on the best actress  Merrill Streep  it's certainly intimidate anyone. Especially new like when he Growing Patricia Rooney Mara in Bedford New York sister ", "here it is home. -- your name on the best actress -- Merrill Streep it's certainly intimidate anyone. Especially new -- like when he -- Growing -- Patricia -- Rooney Mara in Bedford New York sister ", "ask a little bit about last year. In the life of America in terms of women in power. Other women do in the last year with Hillary Clinton. Sarah Palin do you know women in power seeing in the positive light were on our way we're on our way to understanding. Iran. And I think we just are getting", "Got a chance to sit down with two time Oscar winner Meryl to talk about everything from. Her hatred of those red carpet isn't happening to get dressed up during Thanksgiving stuffing that we start. With the new movie lions for lambs. We are percent security. The power to this country is known for", 'Hi this is Peter Travers and this is a special Oscar edition of popcorn. And we talked recently with  Meryl Streep  and Amy Adams both nominated for acting Oscars for doubt. Here they are talking about how they prepared for their roles as non ', 'is a special Oscar edition of popcorn. And we talked recently with Meryl Streep and Amy Adams both nominated for acting Oscars for doubt. Here they are talking about how they prepared for their roles as ', "She is one of the stars of the new movie lions for lambs with Robert Redford and Tom Cruise it is a movie about a professor of student. Senator and to journalist and the question. How do you strengthen the muscles of your convictions. Streep and cruise you parties hope I'm asking these But dialogue", "my god she's forty and perhaps it comes down talented women. Who doesn't admire Kate when Chad borer doesn't admire  Meryl Streep  for a Good Morning America preacher Smith ABC. Feeling. That we just on a video of you know she's 48 years old 48 approaching ", "talented women. Who doesn't admire Kate when Chad borer -- doesn't admire Meryl Streep for a Good Morning America preacher Smith ABC. Feeling. That we just on a video of -- -- you know she's 48 ", 'Meryl Streep  and Tommy Lee Jones star as a middle-aged couple trying to work on their marriage.', 'Robert Redford Tom Cruise  Meryl Streep  to gather they in a new movie called lions for lambs which it clear they thought it was pretty funny when the smallest  Meryl Streep  drinking very quickly seems to have. that idiot are you laughing ', "Robert Redford Tom Cruise Meryl Streep to gather they -- in a new movie called lions for lambs which really challenges it. You to examine some of your basic assumptions about life and politics. And it opens on Friday that we had a chance to sit down because of course not only are they co workers they're -- And the two guys made it clear they thought it was pretty funny when the smallest Meryl Streep drinking very quickly seems to have. -- -- -- -- -- -- that idiot are you laughing already at my questions. Under ", 'name is Camilla on I think the first ones that I saw I saw  Meryl Streep . Who was right at me the most recent thing we shot right the team. And that was just so thrilling to it like for  Merrill Streep  to write her own dialogue it was really thrilling it was ', "on -- I think the first ones that I saw I saw Meryl Streep . Who was right at me the most recent thing we shot right that's on the web. Not much time now it's just ", "that they're the real one the real fight battle is between  Meryl Streep . Playing more for. Action in the iron lady and Glenn Close might be the chance and she always have to come up against  Merrill Streep . What's it going to be I don't know and I wanna say ", "that they're the real one the real -- fight battle is between Meryl Streep . Playing more for. Action in the iron lady and Glenn Close to the movies that's very small it's called Alfred -- That movie is takes place in another century and good coach is playing a lot of fans have good causes never won an Oscar. And this might be the chance and she always have to come up against Merrill Streep . What's it going to be I don't know and I wanna say good word about that they're supporting actor category two. This "]