['Cumberbach as WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange, will open the festival. John Wells\' "August: Osage County," which stars  Meryl Streep  and Julia Roberts, is among the 16 galas announced Tuesday. Also to premiere at Toronto is the Nelson Mandela biopic ', 'Danes said she sought out advice during that time from actresses whose careers have stood the test of time, such as  Meryl Streep , Susan Sarandon and Jodie Foster. She recounted the advice she got from the legendary actresses to Vogue. "You have to ', 'GO TO BED WITH MILEY CYRUS ON "JIMMY KIMMEL LIVE" AND WAKE UP WITH THE GLOBAL SUPERSTAR ON "GOOD MORNING AMERICA"', "and pop culture topics from the day's events in his monologue, and has recently welcomed such notables as Johnny Depp,  Meryl Streep , Tom Cruise, Robert Pattinson, Katy Perry, Will Farrell, Scarlett Johansson, Channing Tatum, Charlize Theron, John ", 'phenomenon. At a State Department Dinner for the Kennedy Center Honors gala last year, Clinton posed for a selfie with actress  Meryl Streep , who snapped the picture from her iPhone. Hillary Clinton entered the social media sphere on Monday when she made her first ', 'Women in the World Conference said, "The big question for Hillary now is what\'s next?" The crowd went wild with even  Meryl Streep  leaping from her seat to cheer. So, what\'s next? Of course we don\'t know and this will be a topic of conversation ', 'but the crowd in New York City\'s Lincoln Center went wild and jumped to their feet cheering loudly. Celebrities like  Meryl Streep  were among those cheering for Clinton. A small group of Clinton supporters stood outside waving signs that read "I\'m ', "Each story is told as an individual unit narrated by well-known actresses such as Selena Gomez, Kerry Washington, and  Meryl Streep , and between each, Neeson narrates facts and figures. They are shocking - 66 million girls around the world don't attend ", "the plight of nine girls in nine countries (including Afghanistan, Peru, and Haiti) as they pursue basic education.  Meryl Streep , Selena Gomez, Alicia Keys and others provided voiceovers to tell the girls' powerful stories. In Latin America, Discrepancies ", 'Men\'s Chorus of Los Angeles to call out  Meryl Streep , Anne Hathaway, Naomi Watts, Jodie cast as Margaret Thatcher and presenter  Meryl Streep  was the first choice for Lincoln. " Meryl Streep  was Steven\'s first choice to play Lincoln ', "Marion Cotillard lost the SAG to Julie Christie but went on to win the BAFTA and then the Oscar. The same happened for  Meryl Streep  in 2011 when she lost the Critics' Choice and SAG to Viola Davis but then scored the upset after winning the BAFTA and then ", 'have the highest average net worth of $257 million. 8. Yale University; Private Yale can boast of graduates like  Meryl Streep  and five U.S. presidents as well as having the eighth highest number of ultra high net worth alumni. The 568 wealthiest ', "Sally Field Channeled Grief over Mother's Death into 'Lincoln' Role, Defended Young Julia Roberts", 'beloved part of American pop culture for nearly a half-century. At 66, she has as many Best Actress Academy Awards as  Meryl Streep . Pretty good for someone who began on the ABC sitcoms "Gidget" and "The Flying Nun." "When I started in the business ', "Jennifer Lawrence on Career, Being Star-Struck and a Homebody: 'I Just Have a Very Weird Job'", 'go back." Tune into "Nightline" tonight to watch ABC\'s Chris Connelly\'s full interview with Jennifer Lawrence, in which she also says why it took her days to accept the \'Hunger Games\' role and why  Meryl Streep  leaves her in awe.', "America we didn't and I became. Do you know what. Happened could do without the head. Oh. and yeah then from veteran  Meryl Streep  to Foster new Octavia Spencer. Whose win for best supporting actress brought tears to everyone's eyes. Including her ", "without the head. -- Oh. -- -- and yeah then from veteran Meryl Streep to Foster new -- Octavia Spencer. Whose win for best supporting actress brought tears to everyone's eyes. Including her own. I helped ", "Tommy Lee Jones, Meryl Streep  Dish on 'Hope Springs,' Steve Carell and Performing in Love Scene", 'Oscar winners,  meryl streep  and tommy lee jones joining forces in a funny and touching new waking up in the morning and telling yourself, I actually know  meryl streep . Oh, man. Nobody in my house is so thrilled about that. And ', 'Oscar winners, meryl streep and tommy lee jones joining forces in a funny and touching new movie called "hope springs." They play a long-time married couple ', "Imagine waking up in the morning and telling yourself, I actually know meryl streep . Oh, man. Nobody in my house is so thrilled about that. And I'm actually going to work with her today. That's a ", "doubt and it opens Friday and  Merrill Streep  it's coughing are ways. Her know. That's what made you  Merrill Streep  at that moment if they had you We're going to leave every one of  Meryl Streep  in 1970s. And. We used to lose ", "just contrite for this season. We're going to leave every one of Meryl Streep in 1970s. And. We used to lose lose. And I. Okay. -- bring you. You will come back he's. I can't let ", "arguing and everyone talking about bullies. It photographs the reality of what it is to be terrified and some actors including  Meryl Streep  have come forward to say they've they know it's true. Terry Moran reports. It is a movie that takes you straight into ", "reality of what it is to be terrified and some actors including Meryl Streep have come forward to say they've -- they know it's true. Terry Moran reports. It is a movie that takes you straight ", "get for the woman who seems to have it all just after Betty White. White pickup pretty wild birthday gift for Oscar winner  Meryl Streep  her very own leopard. Just in time Leppert you're bigger 63 birthday what do you get Merrill street a leopard. This isn't ", "Betty White. White pickup -- pretty wild birthday gift for Oscar winner Meryl Streep her very own leopard. Just in time -- Leppert you're bigger -- 63 birthday what do you get Merrill street -- a ", "She's a new movie it's complicated and Alan Ball when they play a divorced couple. Who rekindled their flame after ten years apart except he's remarried and she needs someone else and architect played by Steve Martin as you can guess is complicated that's the name of the movie. Merrill's already"]