["Matt Lauer's co-host departs the show a year after she replaced  Meredith Vieira .", "punches Gary Williams con man named Hannibal. Stand on the threshold of started walking over nearly 500 dollars.  Meredith Vieira  that hosted the view that played the madam of an upscale prostitution ring and he didn't just work for me. Grocery ", "Hannibal. Stand on the threshold of started walking over nearly 500 dollars. Meredith Vieira that -- hosted the view that played the madam of an upscale prostitution ring and he didn't just work for me. Grocery ", 'the larger picture that she makes though and that she has tried to make. Is that actually said very specifically to  Meredith Vieira  on The Today Show that we have gotten away from some traditional. West that the traditional western approach to parenting ', 'to make. Is that -- -- -- actually said very specifically to Meredith Vieira on The Today Show that we have gotten away from some traditional. West that the traditional western approach to parenting and she ', "Number five a bad number for us. Number four at  Meredith Vieira . Now she was tearing up and her final days on the to people ever miss Vieira when they're sir John  Meredith Vieira . They certainly do an in her as we count the many ", "whatever. Number five -- a bad number for us. Number four at Meredith Vieira . Now she was tearing up and her final days on the show as she began to proceed to leave to join The Today Show to -- Katie -- she used. But we also heard some online gossip that and Meredith had referred to her old -- on the view as a joke. We didn't believe that and it turned out Meredith that her words were taken out of context -- don't -- she does not think the view is a joke now. All right thank goodness for that let me ask it to people ever miss -- Vieira when they're -- -- -- sir John Meredith Vieira . They certainly do an in her -- as we count the many other spellings of the year the ER a V all ", "to seven boast about you just a little bit here Emmy award winning producer father of three. Author. Husband of  Meredith Vieira  I I'm exhausted just thinking about all the things you do and you yourself live with a chronic illness. Which is ", "bit here Emmy award winning producer father of three. Author. Husband of Meredith Vieira I -- I'm exhausted just thinking about all the things you do and you yourself live with a chronic illness. Which is ", "regret. I don't regret and I mean you a question about and in bringing up that's I was on one of the shows with  Meredith Vieira  on The Today Show. And first two or three questions is about Rosie. And that she said why do you keep talking about ", "bringing up -- that's I was on one of the shows with Meredith Vieira on The Today Show. And -- first two or three questions is about Rosie. And that she said why do you keep ", 'recently in the tabloids exposing his six pack. Very sexy I got some attention I Yes yes absolutely. And number two is  Meredith Vieira . Who is replacing Katie Couric signed on today. And was recently news there was controversy. She said she criticized ', 'got some attention I -- Yes yes absolutely. And number two is Meredith Vieira . Who is replacing Katie Couric signed on today. And -- was recently -- news there was controversy. She said she criticized her ', 'unprecedented levels still critics say the show Kim survive notre. After roll it is what did the departures of Lisa Ling  Meredith Vieira  and Star Jones. But now the war is time. I think the show really have to maintain that up a notch quality that Rosie ', 'notre. After roll it is what did the departures of Lisa Ling Meredith Vieira and Star Jones. But now the war is -- time. I think the show really have to maintain that up a notch ']