['By Matt Sanchez War CorrespondentDuring a hearing of the Environment and Public Works Committee, the committee chair Democratic Senator Barbara Boxer interrupted Bri...', "The news that is not White House approved...State of DistrustWe've been hearing for years from Barack Obama that he would be the one to restore confidence in governm...", 'This is a RUSH transcript from "The O\'Reilly Factor," July 21, 2009. This copy may not be in its final form and may be updated.Watch "The O\'Reilly Factor" weeknights...', "Sen .  Barbara Boxer : Women should be 'proud, thrilled and excited' to support Obama", 'This is a rush transcript from "Glenn Beck," June 19, 2009. This copy may not be in its final form and may be updated.GLENN BECK, HOST: You know, yesterday on the pr...', "Supporters of a Peruvian college student facing deportation rallied in front Sen. Barbara Boxer's office, urging her to intervene.Friends of colleagues of Steve Li, ...", 'This is a RUSH transcript from "The O\'Reilly Factor," June 18, 2009. This copy may not be in its final form and may be updated.Watch "The O\'Reilly Factor" weeknights...', "Fmr. Assistant Secretary of Commerce James Moore on Sen.  Barbara Boxer's  comments on her competitor for the California Senate seat.", "The White House fired back Friday at Democratic Sen. Barbara Boxer 's verbal slap at Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice , calling the California Democrat's caustic ...", 'Two sweeping policy changes that could transform how people live in the United States have been championed by President Barack Obama: Affordable health care for all ...', "A quick trip around Hannity's America...You Go, Graham!Tension was high on the Senate floor this past week as they battled over the spending bill. And things got a l...", 'This is a rush transcript of "Special Report With Brit Hume" from June 5, 2008. This copy may not be in its final form and may be updated.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SEN. DIAN...', 'This is a rush transcript of "Special Report With Brit Hume" from June 5, 2008. This copy may not be in its final form and may be updated.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)SEN. DIAN...', 'This is a rush transcript of "Special Report With Brit Hume" from June 19, 2007.BRIT HUME, FOX NEWS ANCHOR: Next on SPECIAL REPORT, a partisan fight breaks out in th...', 'This is a rush transcript of "Special Report With Brit Hume" from June 19, 2007.BRIT HUME, FOX NEWS ANCHOR: Next on SPECIAL REPORT, a partisan fight breaks out in th...', 'Federal agents and the state fire marshal have effectively barred a federal safety panel from the site of a Texas fertilizer plant blast that killed 15 people and in...']