['Edward Burkhardt, CEO of Montreal, Maine & Atlantic Railways Inc., speaks on Wednesday, July 10, during a news conference. A train with 72 tanker cars carrying crude oil barreled down the track before derailing and exploding in Lac -Megantic, Quebec, on Saturday, July 6.', 'A police officer surveys the damage. At least 15 people were killed and another 45 remain missing after the weekend crash, authorities said. Those still missing are feared dead, possibly vaporized by the resulting inferno, according to some experts.', 'Residents leave a convenience store in a part of Lac Megantic that reopened on July 9.', 'Burned tanker cars are scattered on the tracks in Lac-Megantic, Quebec, on Monday, July 8.', 'Derailed rail cars sit in mud and oil in Lac-Megantic on July 8, in this handout image released by the Transportation Safety Board of Canada.', 'A man consoles a woman on July 8 at the Polyvalente Montignac, the school used as a shelter for evacuated Lac-Megantic residents.', 'Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper, second left, observes the site of the explosion on Sunday, July 7.', 'Firefighters continue to douse burning wreckage on July 7 in Lac-Megantic, Quebec.', 'People cry and hug each other on July 7 while they sit on the grass at the Polyvalente Montignac, the school sheltering the people who were forced to leave their houses.', 'Firefighters walk past a burnt out vehicle near the train derailment in Lac Megantic, Quebec, July 7.', 'Melted siding on a home is seen near the scene of a train derailment in Lac Megantic, Quebec, July 7.', 'Smoke billows from a fire at the site of a train derailment on Saturday, July 6.', 'Firefighters work to put out fires at the wreckage of the train in Lac-Megantic on July 6.', 'Smoke rises in the background as Quebec Premier Pauline Marois speaks to reporters in Lac-Megantic on July 6.', "(CNN) -- Two more bodies have been found at the site of last week's devastating train derailment in the Canadian town of Lac-Megantic, authorities said.", 'The death toll now stands at 35, with 15 people missing, Quebec provincial police Lt. Michel Brunet told reporters on Sunday.', 'The accident left Lac-Megantic reeling and facing a big job of rebuilding. It also shocked and outraged the rest of the country and prompted a national discussion on rail safety.', 'The 73-car train had been parked in the neighboring town of Nantes for the night and its engineer had gone to a hotel.', "The train got loose and slammed into the center of the town on Saturday, July 6. Tank cars full of oil exploded and burned in the heart of Lac-Megantic's commercial district.", 'Along with the deaths, around 40 buildings were leveled and other nearby structures were affected.', "Crews demolished a couple of unstable buildings, a move that aided their search for more remains, Brunet said. He said explosives were not used in the demolition. There's a possibility that bodies could be found at those locations.", 'Three firefighters received minor injuries, Brunet said Sunday, and they were treated at the scene. One worker pumping liquid from a tank car blacked out and was taken to a hospital.', 'He said hot temperatures were brutal and slowed down workers, but they were regularly relieved in shift rotations. About 60 cars are on their sides at the scene.', "The strewn train cars haven't been moved yet, but that job will be done gradually in the coming days.", '"There are still 60 cars that are on their side. They have to be moved one by one," he said. "We don\'t know what we\'re going to find in those cars."', 'This South Korean couple has spent many of the past 60 years believing the other was dead. In fact, he was held prisoner by the North. ', 'The world finally knows how to address the latest addition to the British royal family: HRH Prince George Alexander Louis of Cambridge.', 'Captured on tape: A train derailed and snapped in two as it hurtled around a curve in Spain, killing 80 people.', 'Sinkholes are devouring 20 million square meters of land on the northern Chinese plain, destroying homes and displacing families. ', 'Posters offering a reward for information about Nazis still living in Germany have been put up in three cities. ', "CNN's Ivan Watson is given rare access to the opening of a cemetery for war veterans in North Korea's capital. ", 'From laptops to cars, the products you take for granted are made using African minerals.', '"He\'s got her looks, thankfully," said Prince William. Check out the first photos of the long-awaited royal baby. ', 'George H.W. Bush shaves his head to support a two-year-old with leukemia whose father is part of the Secret Service.', "They've long been considered topics that aren't polite to discuss at the dinner table. And as it turns out, they're touchy on Wikipedia as well. "]