['In his State of the Union address Tuesday, the president laid out new reforms, programs and initiatives aimed at reviving the middle class and igniting the economic ...', 'Lawmakers push to overhaul military justice system after sexual assault ruling reversed', "Lawmakers on both sides of the aisle are pushing to overhaul the military justice system -- and the Pentagon has pledged to review it -- following a general's decisi...", 'Chris Stirewalt and guests discuss a possible immigration deal, global warming and gun control.', 'This is a rush transcript from "On the Record," June 9, 2010. This copy may not be in its final form and may be updated.GRETA VAN SUSTEREN, FOX NEWS HOST: Carly Fior...', 'Well, Barbara Boxer ( search ) got hers on Tuesday.Ms. Boxer, who is left of the last grain of sand on the beaches of my Left Coast home state, California, was itchi...', 'The rise in California gasoline prices has slowed after recent jarring increases, but nonetheless the cost of a gallon inched up to another record high, even as offi...', 'With nearly five months to go before the election, the age-old conflict between government and business is already front and center in the California Senate race bet...', 'Carly Fiorina reflects on primary win and upcoming senate battle with  Barbara Boxer', "What does the L.A. Times' refusal to endorse  Barbara Boxer  say about the senator and Pres. Obama?", 'The following is a rush transcript of the June 13, 2010, edition of "Fox News Sunday With Chris Wallace." This copy may not be in its final form and may be updated.C...', 'Senator Barbara Boxer did some ordering of her own when she said this to a general at a Congressional hearing on Capitol Hill this week: "Do me a favor. . . Could yo...', 'Fmr. Hewlett-Packard CEO on White House claims that the stimulus package is working', 'In a stunning victory Tuesday, Arkansas Sen. Blanche Lincoln proved she was a survivor in an anti-incumbent year by winning a squeaker of a race against Lt. Gov. Bil...', 'Fmr. Mayor Willie Brown, (D-San Francisco), argues if California needs immediate assistance the federal government should provide a bailout.']