['it cleared up." Mackenzie Phillips Mackenzie Phillips , the daughter of the Mamas and the Papas stars John and  Michelle Phillips , has struggled with drug addiction that began when she was a teen star on the hit sitcom "One Day at a Time ', "filed for divorce that December. Dennis Hopper and  Michelle Phillips  He wasn't known as the Hollywood hell raiser for Hopper's second wife, Mamas & the Papas singer  Michelle Phillips , divorced him in 1970 after less than two weeks ", 'it cleared up." Mackenzie Phillips Mackenzie Phillips , the daughter of the Mamas and the Papas stars John and  Michelle Phillips , has long struggled with drug addiction that began when she was a teen star on the hit sitcom "One Day at a Time ', 'share of troubles. Mackenzie Phillips Mackenzie Phillips , the daughter of the Mamas and the Papas stars John and  Michelle Phillips , has long struggled with drug addiction that began when she was a teen star on the hit sitcom "One Day at a Time ', 'the daughters of Beach Boy Brian Wilson, while Chynna Phillips is the daughter of Mamas and the Papas members  Michelle Phillips  and the late John Phillips. Phillips jokes to ABC News Radio that Wilson Phillips had been together for about ', "filed for divorce that December. Dennis Hopper and  Michelle Phillips  He wasn't known as the Hollywood hell raiser for Hopper's second wife, Mamas & the Papas singer  Michelle Phillips , divorced him in 1970 after less than two weeks ", "Michael Ochs Archives/Getty Images Dennis Hopper and  Michelle Phillips  He wasn't known as the Hollywood hell raiser for Hopper's second wife, Mamas & the Papas singer  Michelle Phillips , divorced him in 1970 after less than two weeks ", 'His will remains to be seen. The actor dealt with marital woes throughout his five marriages. In 1970, he wed  Michelle Phillips  of the Mamas and Papas -- but their union lasted a grand total of eight days. Phillips later told Vanity Fair that ', 'binge. The following year, in 1970, Hopper wed  Michelle Phillips  of the Mamas and the Papas. Their union lasted a with the actor. Dennis Hopper and his second wife,  Michelle Phillips . Two years later, Hopper wed Daria Halprin, a ', 'divorce may seem shocking given his failing health, the actor is no stranger to marital woes. In 1970, he wed  Michelle Phillips  of the Mamas and Papas -- their union lasted a grand total of eight days. Phillips later told Vanity Fair that ', 'incestuous relationship between she and my father."  Michelle Phillips , Mackenzie\'s stepmother and a former member of has publicly rebuked Mackenzie\'s allegations.  Michelle Phillips  told the Hollywood Reporter that Mackenzie had ', 'Mackenzie Phillips is lying.  Michelle Phillips , Mackenzie\'s stepmother and the allegations are false.  Michelle Phillips  said Mackenzie had "a lot of become drug addicts," said  Michelle Phillips . But Chynna Phillips, Mackenzie\'s ', "sister Chynna Phillips, whose mother is actress  Michelle Phillips , appeared live in Winfrey's studio. Chynna also responded to a statement from her stepmother,  Michelle Phillips , also a member of the Mamas and the Papas, who "]