['lawn, early 1950s. She wears a two-piece swimsuit, lucite heels, and bangle earrings. (Getty Images) Actress  Natalie Wood  stands on the shoulders of actor Steve Rowland at the Thalians Beach Ball which was held at the home of Elaine Stewart ', 'the hunt with cash prizes for hunters. Getty Images  Natalie Wood  Death Person of the day is actor Robert Wagner and the latest chapter in the tragic death of his wife, actress  Natalie Wood . Wagner was one of the last people to see Wood alive ', 'New details in the death of  Natalie Wood  were released today by the Los Angeles Coroner\'s Office that show the actress had bruises on her body that "appeared fresh and ', "AP Photo  Natalie Wood  's death certificate has been changed to reflect the lingering questions surrounding her drowning death 30 years ago. An amended ", 'months after the Los Angeles County Sheriff\'s Department reopened its investigation into the 1981 death of actress  Natalie Wood , the cause of death listed on her death certificate has been changed from "Accident" to "Undetermined," according ', "Watson announced that he's expecting another child with Natasha Gregson Wagner, the daughter of the late actress  Natalie Wood  and film producer Richard Gregson. (Richard Wagner is her stepfather.) Catherine Hicks Since leaving behind the ", 'possession and murder. Take, for example, the latest troubled star child, Courtney Wagner , the daughter of actors  Natalie Wood  and Robert Wagner . The 38-year-old was arrested last Sunday for coke and heroin possession after police received ', "Stephen Shugerman/Getty Images  Natalie Wood  and Robert Wagner 's daughter, Courtney Wagner, was said. The case involving the drowning death of actress  Natalie Wood  was recently re-opened after 30 years, but the Los ", 'The drowning death of actress  Natalie Wood  is still considered an accident, two months after her 30-year-old case was re-opened. William McSweeney of the Los Angeles ', 'life and career at the Lyric Theater in Florida, and during his appearance reminisced about his late wife, actress  Natalie Wood  . "One of the highlights of all time was working with Natalie on a \'Cat on a Hot Tin Roof\' ... I loved her very ', "the investigation ABC's medical treatment is here with did it. Surprising development good morning to you George  Natalie Wood  is one of the most beautiful and talented actresses of her Her mysterious drowning thirty years ago catapulted to even ", '-- -- -- did it. Surprising development good morning to you George Natalie Wood is one of the most beautiful and talented actresses of her -- Her mysterious drowning thirty years ago catapulted -- to even ', "she has no doubt that she heard  Natalie wood 's last cry for help. Now she's her vote she says the splendor a  Natalie Wood  her husband Robert Wagner. An slipped and fell into the water. But  Natalie wood 's sister Lana told CNN Friday ", "Robin Merrill and Wayne says she has no doubt that she heard Natalie wood's last cry for help. Now she's sitting down exclusively with Entertainment Tonight to talk about everything she says she remembers from that ", 'forty feet from her vote she says the splendor a -- -- Natalie Wood her husband Robert Wagner. An actor Christopher Walken was nearby. Now in a written statement to investigators she writes I heard a ', "says he believes his wife slipped and fell into the water. But Natalie wood's sister Lana told CNN Friday she suspects Wagner isn't telling the whole story I don't think she found. -- -- pushed meanwhile ", "We're gonna turn out of that one word that's change in the mysterious case of actress  Natalie Wood  and that simple change. Is bringing new questions tonight here's economic. A stunning star remembered for the way she lit up ", "of that one word that's change in the mysterious case of actress Natalie Wood and -- that simple change. Is bringing new questions tonight here's -- economic. A stunning star remembered for the way she lit ", 'famous mysteries in hollywood history. The death of  natalie wood , more than 30 years ago. Her husband, robert wagner has the story. tale of one mysterious night. Actress  natalie wood  died in 1981 on a boating trip, with husband, robert ', 'one of the most famous mysteries in hollywood history. The death of natalie wood , more than 30 years ago. Her husband, robert wagner, one of the last people to see her alive. And now, with the case reopened, police say wagner is refusing to speak with them about it. Abc\'s clayton sandell has the story. tale of one mysterious night. Actress natalie wood died in 1981 on a boating trip, with husband, robert wagner," and fellow actor, christopher walken. We think she fell outside and ', "thirty years ago back in the news tonight. Actress  Natalie Wood  who decades ago famously spoke about her fear of water earlier David what's so interesting about this is  Natalie Wood  with absolutely terrified of the water. In fact her ", 'captivated the nation thirty years ago back in the news tonight. Actress Natalie Wood who decades ago famously spoke about her fear of water. Drowned during -- boating trip off California it was puzzling from the ', "just like you said earlier David what's so interesting about this is Natalie Wood with absolutely terrified of the water. In fact her sister says she was so -- -- the water she wouldn't even go ", "from. What did Robert Wagner do war not That a mystery all these years later investigators hope to spokesperson tells ABC news he fully supports this new investigation. And at this point  Natalie wood 's death is still considered an accident.", "ABC news he fully supports this new investigation. And at this point Natalie wood's death is still considered an accident. ", 'Death certificate of Natalie has been formally changed and made public but still. The case remains open the certificate was amended from accidental drowning to drowning and other undetermined factors would. over Thanksgiving weekend in 1981 when she was found in the water off Catalina Island there']