["Can you really get your lashes to look like  natalie portman 's in her christian dior ad? The ad is now banned But can mascara really do this? This ad featuring  natalie portman  and her lush lashes is at the center of a battle between ", "Can you really get your lashes to look like natalie portman's in her christian dior ad? The ad is now banned in some places, under fire for allegedly misleading consumers. Abc's paula faris has the story. Reporter: It supposed to lengthen, thicken and valiumize. Morphing eyes from this, to this. But can mascara really do this? This ad featuring natalie portman and her lush lashes is at the center of a battle between two of the largest beauty companies. This christian dee yarr ", 'Gordon Rihanna by bringing  Natalie Portman  into this debate if He has enraged president. Seven months pregnant  Natalie Portman  was assisted up the steps her statement Huckabee did praise  Natalie Portman  is acting ability but He stuck ', 'in Washington with that story good morning Davis. Gordon Rihanna by bringing Natalie Portman into this debate if He has enraged feminists and political analysts are now wondering whether Huckabee has taken a step or -- step. Toward running for president. Seven months pregnant Natalie Portman was assisted up the -- steps -- her fiance to accept the best actress Oscar. Acknowledging that coming birth of their child. ', 'about being a central -- area. In his statement Huckabee did praise Natalie Portman is acting ability but He stuck to his guns saying that we should -- Hollywood should not glorify. Unwed mothers now we did ask Natalie Portman for a statement and she did not respond. ', 'It was a white wedding for  natalie portman  over the weekend. She tied the knot with her dancer-choreographer beau who she met on the setting of "black swan." The setting ', 'It was a white wedding for natalie portman over the weekend. She tied the knot with her dancer-choreographer beau who she met on the setting of "black swan." The setting? ', "Murphy Brown anyone Mike Huckabee is picking up quite.  Natalie Portman  of all people the Oscar winner take a listen to this radio interview with Mike Huckabee yesterday. People  Natalie Portman . Hey look you know we're having children were not ", "Murphy Brown anyone Mike Huckabee is picking up quite. -- Natalie Portman of all people -- the Oscar winner take a listen to this from a radio interview with Mike Huckabee yesterday. People -- -- Natalie Portman . Hey look you know we're having children were not married but we're having these children are doing just fine so unfortunate that ", "other bowl then And in a minute we'll be talking to  Natalie Portman  who actually plays one of those holding girls but it's speak. Its content. OK I want to welcome  Natalie Portman  to popcorn it's great to have you here they can ", "other bowl then -- And in a minute we'll be talking to Natalie Portman who actually plays one of those holding girls but for right now let's take a peek. At the other boat and go ", "and it's speak. Its content. -- -- OK I want to welcome Natalie Portman to popcorn it's great to have you here they can be here. And you have to looking act this scene. -- a ", "To. You know because we know what real life asking them. Did you watch the Oscars one. What did you think when  Natalie Portman  for acceptance speech. She thanked a lot of people camera operator's makeup artist she did not mention. I expect ", "them. Did you watch the Oscars one. What did you think when Natalie Portman -- -- for acceptance speech. She thanked a lot of people -- camera operator's -- makeup artist she did not mention. -- ", "Our department has delivered her first child with fiancee the Oscars this thing that Benjamin Mickey he's that French and not a ballerina you don't black belly metal Black the choreographer to query to honor the right and that's been an extensive it's not gonna bouncing baby boy they have not", 'In her new movie Black Swan  Natalie Portman  has pushed herself to the limit she plays a ballerina who seems to be crumbling pursues the role of a lifetime. And critics are ', 'In her new movie Black Swan Natalie Portman has pushed herself to the limit she plays a ballerina who -- seems to be crumbling -- -- pursues the role of ', "The big actress  Natalie Portman  is engaged to choreographer Benjamin the production of blacks want Portland's performance in that film already getting rave reviews ", "The big -- actress Natalie Portman is engaged to choreographer Benjamin -- -- -- -- -- the production of blacks want Portland's performance in that film already getting ", "Now all of this controversy happened with Natalie now about her stand in saying she. Did most of the dancing in the but now there's a sexy if there is I don't I want now was that Natalie. Were you there or was it Natalie stand in from Black It was that it in this it was. Actually me. In the scenes", "Natalie Portman  and Jones they're spoofing Paris Hilton they've come up with a solution for the global economic crisis let's listen The global ", "Natalie Portman and -- Jones they're spoofing Paris Hilton they've come up with a solution for the global economic crisis let's listen -- -- ", 'Swan that of course is moving to  Natalie Portman  who won her first Oscar. For movie studios Oscar campaign over  Natalie Portman  physical transformation into And a star ballerina. Swan  Natalie Portman  Movie audiences with her trail ', "scenes of the Black Swan that of course is moving to -- Natalie Portman who won her first Oscar. For playing a prima ballerina driven crazy by the demands of -- role. As she -- a lot of praise for taking on the challenge of dancing the role herself. But in an ABC news exclusive world renowned ballerina so she did most of the dancing and Elizabeth Vargas is here with a preview of -- 20/20 interview. Of with the woman says she was the real blacks that's right George the moviemakers do not dispute that it -- -- was used the fight is over how much she was used. It's become an issue because there was so much focus in the movie studios Oscar campaign over Natalie Portman physical transformation into a ballerina after just a year and a half of training. -- all led to an unseemly an unprecedented. Public squabble between the movie makers. And a star ballerina. Swan Natalie Portman -- Movie audiences with her -- trail of a prima ballerina coming back. But in -- controversy that now has moviegoers doing ", "all the dancing. I can guarantee you. Would have definitely. Definitely heard. Natalie Portman and there was a lot of great dancing that Serra landed that enhanced his performance and helped him won an Oscar they're ", "by his count 80% of the -- shots in the film when Natalie Portman . Is -- possible his math can be correct and your version can still be correct. It's possible it's like I said if ", "let's start I hair and take a look at opinions and  Natalie Portman  who you have to admit how beautiful are they both. From Black of Boris.  Natalie Portman  expecting and and obviously they have been nice good ", 'start I -- hair and take a look at -- opinions and Natalie Portman who you have to admit how beautiful are they both. From Black -- of Boris. Natalie Portman expecting and -- and obviously they have been nice -- -- -- -- good to you -- it was a big game ', 'Additionally we are folks out there you know saw Black loved it was nominated for bearish at all this  Natalie Portman  of Reuters some drama brewing out. A lot of behind the scenes there was an article the LA times back marks 23. With the ballerina ', 'saw Black -- loved it was nominated for bearish at all this Natalie Portman of Reuters some drama brewing out. A lot of behind the scenes there was an article the LA times back marks -- ', 'health untimely ribeiro in the movie Black Swan actress  Natalie Portman  plays a ballerina who was just given the lead in Swan for thanks for having me up with it fun working with  Natalie Portman . Teaching her ballet it was really fine athlete that ', "Good Morning America health untimely ribeiro in the movie Black Swan actress Natalie Portman plays a ballerina who was just given the lead in Swan Lake. Portman went through some intense training for the role and Mary Allen bowers a former ballerina with the New York City Ballet. With the person responsible for getting Portman dancing abilities on point. Mary Helen at the founder of the ballet beautiful method and she joins us now with more on her famous people and how we can all benefit little from now. Hoping for being -- to the -- for -- thanks for having me up with it fun working with Natalie Portman . Teaching her ballet it was really fine athlete that hard worker. She's now devoted to her art and she just dialed that ", "Natalie Portman  and she I can tell you right now she is definitely at home enjoying building so they're not going to be thing you for a while. While young  Natalie Portman  looks forward to settling in for the night. That's supporting actress ", 'Natalie Portman and she I can tell you right now she is definitely at home enjoying herself. And she has just really swept through ', "they're not going to be thing you for a while. While young Natalie Portman looks forward to settling in for the night. That's supporting actress Melissa Leo is looking that go out and celebrate. With 94 "]