['(Photo credit: Cosmopolitan) Next month,  Michelle Rodriguez \'s new film "Fast & Furious 6? will hit theaters-but don\'t expect to see the actress on the big screen again for a while ', 'blouse when interviewed by ABC News. In her interview with ABC News before the election, she said her name was  Michelle Rodriguez  and that she had come forward because Menendez had paid her only $100 of the $500 she had expected. She now says ', 'kind with the aforementioned people." In her interview with ABC News before the election, she said her name was  Michelle Rodriguez  and that she had come forward because Menendez had paid her only $100 of the $500 she had expected. She now says ', 'kind with the aforementioned people." In her interview with ABC News before the election, she said her name was  Michelle Rodriguez  and that she had come forward because Menendez had paid her only $100 of the $500 she had expected. She now says ', "series of Polaroids depicting the famous bodies of Vergara, Pamela Anderson, Kim Kardashian, Angelina Jolie,  Michelle Rodriguez , and others, as his canvas. In Sofia's case, her famous curves are covered with bright paint and some of the ", 'no problem believing that she, like Blanco, would be willing to slash the throat of any lover who betrays her.  Michelle Rodriguez  The apocalyptic Resident Evil: Retribution star intimidates most people more than Griselda Blanco herself. Plus ', 'Car accidents happen, but no one likes a hit-and-runner, especially if it\'s a celebrity. Although her rep insists the incident is "much ado about nothing," Lindsay Lohan was arrested early Wednesday in New York City for a hit and run, after a "low-speed crash" in which she allegedly struck a man', "3D. Fans of the Capcom video game and the other four movies based on the latter are excited, to say the least.  Michelle Rodriguez  reprises her role as Rain, a super-soldier trained to kill humanity's only hope, Alice (Milla Jovovich ", "Sheen's president taps the series titular hero, played by Danny Trejo, to stop a space-based terror weapon. The movie also stars Mel Gibson, Sofia Vergara, and returning actresses  Michelle Rodriguez  and Jessica Alba. It opens in 2013.", 'strategy. She knew going into it there was a chance she\'d get out early. It was the same jail that allowed [ Michelle ]  Rodriguez  to leave after three hours of her sentence," Goodson told ABC News. Hilton was sentenced to jail in May for ', 'Spike TV\'s Guys Choice Awards. "Lost" star  Michelle Rodriguez  turned the ankle bracelet into a fashion statement out early. It was the same jail that allowed [ Michelle ]  Rodriguez  to leave after three hours of her sentence ', "picture battle Los Angeles is in theaters today.  Michelle Rodriguez  plays an air force tech sergeant in the film and together isn't it yeah it is. Sad but true now.  Michelle Rodriguez  thanks for dropping by the film Los Angeles it's ", 'planet in -- new picture battle Los Angeles is in theaters today. Michelle Rodriguez plays an air force tech sergeant in the film and now when her group of Marines get pinned down by the extraterrestrial. ', "brings people together isn't it yeah it is. Sad but true now. Michelle Rodriguez thanks for dropping by the film -- Los Angeles it's in theaters now thanks for stopping by with us. ", "celebrity to end up at this century regional detention center other famous alarms include Paris Hilton Daryl Hannah.  Michelle Rodriguez . And of course Lohan herself. now she avoided being sent back but there she's due back in court in 2 weeks for ", "detention center other famous -- -- alarms include Paris Hilton Daryl Hannah. Michelle Rodriguez . And of course Lohan herself. -- now she avoided being sent back but there she's due back in court in 2 weeks ", "treated despite windows it's just not getting any special treatment exceptions. And look at an act just like.  Michelle Rodriguez  it was a TV show Ross who has multiple multiple DUI. Convictions. Send them to until you know on that. Actually ", 'any special treatment exceptions. And -- look at an act just like. Michelle Rodriguez it was a -- TV show Ross who has multiple multiple DUI. Convictions. Send them to -- until you know on that. ', "great is here I love and I think numbered five.  Michelle Rodriguez  could well life is one big party for that lost a doing is she's learning about happening abouts  Michelle Rodriguez  was. Arrest in spent a couple days in jail for ", "me great -- is here I love and I think numbered five. Michelle Rodriguez could well life is one big party for that lost a star no pun intended yes. Right now -- of what she is doing is she's learning about happening abouts Michelle Rodriguez was. Arrest -- in spent a couple days in jail for drunk driving in December 2005. In Hawaii. What she's doing now "]