['girlfriend. Ap and naomi warand  naomi watts  is still reaching new heights in Abc\'s bob woodruff talked to  naomi watts  for tonight\'s "nightline" interview a mother and father played by  naomi watts  and ewan McGREGOR AND THEIR THREE ', 'you know, she once played king kong\'s girlfriend. Ap and naomi warand naomi watts is still reaching new heights in hollywood with a career built on gutsy performances. Her latest movie conjures up the epic title waive, but for one family on vacation, the tsunami of 2004 was a test of survival and the fierce determination of a mother\'s love. Abc\'s bob woodruff talked to naomi watts for tonight\'s "nightline" interview. Reporter: It started out as an idyllic vacation for a young family on the west coast of land, a mother and father played by naomi watts and ewan McGREGOR AND THEIR THREE YOUNG Sons. But the holiday soon turns to a living held. And an epic fight for ', "Like every line of dialogue, every detail, everything just felt real. Reporter: Naomi watts plays maria, who along with her son lucas, barely survives the initial wave. Maria was badly injured. I'm scared. Reporter: Facing unimaginable ", 'Naomi Watts , Jessica Chastain join Best Supporting Actress winner as standouts on the red carpet.', "It was a great What we view has this little girl before you this dream comes true for them. I grew opening. Really really creates fan every. Area my family it was so obvious that they were all creates people. I couldn't draw I couldn't I couldn't do any of these things they were doing you know my", "the impossible. That puts its star mainly whites and blacks of predicaments. I'm not gonna sing anymore because  Naomi Watts  is here had to come and So this I would look at this movie which has a visceral effect but it's also has an emotional ", "mainly whites and blacks of predicaments. I'm not gonna sing anymore because Naomi Watts is here had to come and -- -- So this I would look at this movie which has a visceral effect but ", 'And fans of Princess Diana are getting chills from plus his new trailer of the day without a word of dialogue. Shows  Naomi Watts  has been transformed into the late beloved royal for the forthcoming film Diana. To be released later this year. And ', 'new trailer of the day without a word of dialogue. Shows -- Naomi Watts has been transformed into the late beloved royal for the forthcoming film Diana. To be released later this year. And as for ', 'fans of Princess Diana are getting chills from plus his new trailer of the day without a word of dialogue. Throws out  Naomi Watts  has been transformed into the late beloved royal for the forthcoming film Diana. To be released later this year. And ', 'new trailer of the day without a word of dialogue. Throws out Naomi Watts has been transformed into the late beloved royal for the forthcoming film Diana. To be released later this year. And as for ', "balls of fire handy in her pockets when she wants them and they burn hot in any color she wants who's talking about.  Naomi Watts  and now the Oscar nominated actress is starring in energy thriller from director David called. Eastern promises of ", "and they burn hot in any color she wants who's talking about. Naomi Watts and now the Oscar nominated actress is starring in energy thriller from director David -- -- called. Eastern promises of news talk ", "celebrity hairstylist, robert vetigi. I leak her blonde, personally. Reporter: No stranger to the red carpet, with  naomi watts , stacy keibler. She could be pink, blue. It wasn't matter. Reporter: But there are other ways to capture your ", "leak her blonde, personally. Reporter: No stranger to the red carpet, with naomi watts , stacy keibler. She could be pink, blue. It wasn't matter. Reporter: But there are other ways to capture your inner katniss, something ", "fears arrest. and daily start with you Rhode Island New York Joyce. I'm sorry to admit this but it's for me it's  Naomi Watts  I know I CNN I'm sorrow and love cut I love sculpture addresses what I wouldn't. I don't know I felt like it ", "York Joyce. I'm sorry to admit this but it's for me it's Naomi Watts I know I -- -- -- -- -- CNN I'm sorrow and love cut -- I love sculpture addresses what I wouldn't. ", 'thirty Jennifer Lawrence and silver linings playbook. Emanuel leave more. The today Wallace in the southern wild and  Naomi Watts  in the impossible. Now this is always come down to Jennifer Lawrence whose 42 years old and already nominee two years ', 'leave -- more. The -- today Wallace in the southern wild and Naomi Watts in the impossible. Now this is always come down to -- -- Jennifer Lawrence whose 42 years old and already -- nominee ', 'think were the winners last night? I had so many favorites. I have to go with jennifer lawrence. Jesse chastain and  naomi watts . I know amanda seyfried. And amanda looks gorgeous. That dress was amazing. You talk about when the dress wears ', 'many favorites. I have to go with jennifer lawrence. Jesse chastain and naomi watts . I know amanda seyfried. And amanda looks gorgeous. That dress was amazing. You talk about when the dress wears the woman. Who ', "like the objective people it's. This culture which this and. And. They were really good talking about this as was  Naomi Watts  who also has a movie called two mothers where and Robin Wright. mothers who've been friends and grow but they have ", "-- and. And. They were really good talking about this as was Naomi Watts who also has a movie called two mothers -- where -- and Robin Wright. -- mothers who've been friends and grow but ", 'people who are up at this hour. Guilty four. For best performance by an actress in a leading role the nominees are.  Naomi Watts  in the impossible. Jessica in zero dark thirty. Jennifer Lawrence in silver linings playbook. Emmanuel in now more ', 'best performance by an actress in a leading role the nominees are. Naomi Watts in the impossible. Jessica -- -- in zero dark thirty. Jennifer Lawrence in silver linings playbook. Emmanuel -- in now more. In ', 'people who up at this hour. That guilty. Four. For best performance by an actress in a leading role the nominees are.  Naomi Watts  in the impossible. Jessica in zero dark thirty. Jennifer Lawrence in silver linings playbook. Emmanuel in now more ', 'best performance by an actress in a leading role the nominees are. Naomi Watts in the impossible. Jessica -- -- in zero dark thirty. Jennifer Lawrence in silver linings playbook. Emmanuel -- in now more. In ', 'Popcorn with Peter Travers:Andy Serkis on being a performance capture specialist', "we did the resentment and we want it to be months making much more in the life and then moments of life. acting with  Naomi Watts  he's here tomorrow so I'm get rid of them all. This knowing that that was an extraordinary experience that she's ", "-- in the life and then moments of life. -- acting with Naomi Watts he's here tomorrow so I'm get rid of them all. This knowing that that was an extraordinary experience -- that she's one ", 'unchanged best actress for drama Jessica aim for zero dark thirty. Then Marion much is less from Helen for Hitchcock  Naomi Watts  for the impossible Rachel wise for deep blue best actor drama Daniel Day-Lewis for Lincoln was thinks most folks thinks ', "Marion much is less -- from -- -- Helen -- for Hitchcock Naomi Watts for the impossible Rachel wise for deep blue -- best actor drama Daniel Day-Lewis for Lincoln was thinks most folks thinks he's ", "everything is learning is. But immediately spot that's perfect look and good thank you so much now lastly another trend  Naomi Watts . Do his answer yeah a little shaggy hair and she often since rain coat she is. They're lace up and the act. A little ", "look and good thank you so much now lastly another trend -- Naomi Watts . Do his answer yeah a little shaggy hair and she often -- since -- rain coat she is. They're lace up -- "]