['(CNN) -- Tropical Storm Chantal barreled into the eastern Caribbean on Tuesday, threatening torrential rains and dangerous waves.', 'As of 8 p.m. ET, Chantal was about 220 miles (360 kilometers) southeast of San Juan, Puerto Rico, the National Hurricane Center said. The storm was headed west-northwest at 26 mph.', 'A projection map shows Chantal brushing Puerto Rico and slamming into the Dominican Republic and Haiti on Wednesday.', 'Chantal packed maximum sustained winds of 65 mph (100 kph) on Tuesday night and the winds are expect to near hurricane strength before the storm reaches Hispaniola, the hurricane center said.', 'A tropical storm warning was in effect for Puerto Rico, the coast of the Dominican Republic, the coast of Haiti, Turks and Caicos and the southeastern Bahamas.  A hurricane watch was posted for part of the Dominican Republic, from Barahona to Samana.', 'Chantal is expected to dump 3 to 6 inches of rain over Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands and portions of the Dominican Republic and Haiti. Some parts could see as much as 8 inches.', 'In addition, a storm surge could raise water levels as much as 2 to 4 feet above normal tide in the southern Dominican Republic. Dangerous waves will accompany the surge, forecasters said.', 'Warmer-than-average water temperatures are expected to help yield a few more Atlantic hurricanes than usual this year.', 'Here is a look at what you need to know about the 2013 Atlantic hurricane season. ', "In areas where hurricanes can strike, it's a good idea to have a closet or an area set aside for storm preparedness storage.", 'All you need to know about keeping your food safe to eat and what to have on hand in the event of a weather emergency.', 'Water jugs and batteries are not the only things to consider when extreme weather threatens.', 'In our increasingly digital world, a mobile phone or other portable device is often a one-stop communication device.', "Here's a look at what you need to know about the Atlantic hurricane season, which runs from June 1 to November 30. ", "You don't have to leave your pets behind in a disaster. Here are ways to keep them safe.", 'Get a glimpse of the weather events happening around the world by clicking through our photo gallery.']