['star, 36: "Show someone else for a change ... plenty of beauty to go around."  Michelle Pfeiffer  Reader Lynette enthusiastically endorsed  Michelle Pfeiffer , 54, who actually has grabbed "Most Beautiful" honors twice. (The actress with ', 'which is located just north of Silicon Valley and includes people like Larry Ellison, CEO of Oracle, actress  Michelle Pfeiffer  and rock singer Neil Young. The dating website, which touts itself as creating love connections between doctors ', 'is out on Blu-ray and available for download. Go behind the scenes of "Dark Shadows" with Depp, Burton, and  Michelle Pfeiffer  in this exclusive clip, and find out why Depp thinks Pfeiffer is his perfect foil.', 'she replied in characteristic Samantha fashion, "F*** it. Leave it all in."  Michelle Pfeiffer  One of Hollywood\'s golden girls,  Michelle Pfeiffer , 54, has grown from starlet to mature woman with grace. "Honestly, there\'s certainly ', "audience quickly realizes that Frankie is the sister Sam never knew about, but she does not find out until much later.  Michelle Pfeiffer  plays Sam's mother Lilllian, and although she is clearly struggling with her own issues, it is obvious that Lillian ", 'Robert De Niro, Hillary Swank, Halle Berry and  Michelle Pfeiffer , no matter how vanilla and derivative it seems insists on staying with him until the bitter end.  Michelle Pfeiffer  plays Ingrid, a downtrodden mess who quits her job ', 'Eve," which opens Dec. 9, what he did for "Valentine\'s Day." He has enlisted heavyweights Robert De Niro,  Michelle Pfeiffer , Hilary Swank and Halle Berry to help him. Then there\'s the usual family fare, including "The Muppets" and ', 's Eve , which also stars Ashton Kutcher , Hilary Swank , Lea Michele , Zac Efron , Josh Duhamel , Robert DeNiro ,  Michelle Pfeiffer  , Halle Berry and many many more stars, will be in theaters December 9.', "despite the fact that he hasn't talked extensively about his personal life in more than a decade. (In 2007,  Michelle Pfeiffer  said she bet him $100,000 that he'll walk down the aisle again.) Women seem to have taken a backburner to ", 'to identify with him." Hathaway: "And I\'m the new Catwoman. The first white woman to play that role since  Michelle Pfeiffer . I want it to be an inspiration to all white people everywhere. Your dreams can come true in Hollywood too ', 'working cattle ranch, owned by the Jackson family, has been hosting guests like John Travolta, Barbra Streisand and  Michelle Pfeiffer  (who preceded my visit by a week). They vacation here, where Mother Earth meets two championship, 18-hole ', "just made us fall in love. With you a Hollywood icon against her looks at that it surprised her voice. Fat What  Michelle Pfeiffer  is playing Coke in blocking an her. Some more cracking a whip she's been dabbling for over thirty years. started ", "her looks at that it surprised her voice. Fat -- What -- Michelle Pfeiffer is playing Coke -- in -- -- blocking an -- her. Some more cracking a whip she's been dabbling -- for over ", "Watching senators and receive with the and don't get more. Dark citizens show and worked with her returns catwoman which was actually when my favorite performances of. As anybody I've worked with when he went to cast the movie he thought about the weird factor. Experts I loved. That he thought it.", "certain way so. You learn tricks along the way so it's really and your plans they do not really idea I tell you even  Michelle Pfeiffer  worked with for years. Is still working out on her and I'm working with Julian Robertson says she will do things ", "-- your plans they do not really idea I tell you even Michelle Pfeiffer worked with for years. Is still working out on her and I'm working with Julian Robertson says she will do things on ", "quite fittingly the oldest has also been a bonds that would be Sean Connery who sixty. When He earned the title and  Michelle Pfeiffer  actually cracked objecting saying you would never hear one minute being named the most beautiful out. So it's ", "be Sean Connery who -- sixty. When He earned the title and Michelle Pfeiffer actually cracked objecting saying you would never hear one minute -- being named the most beautiful -- out. So it's a little ", 'oblivion. Do you think Richard would work before them for that ideal of the events that explain party. Why. Like  Michelle Pfeiffer  and Madonna fifty will be a milestone before it would be for anyone. In part because of all the we can bridge and ', 'them for that ideal of the events that explain party. Why. Like Michelle Pfeiffer and Madonna fifty will be a milestone before it would be for anyone. In part because of all the we can bridge ', "check it out on the silver screen. Hairspray goes Hollywood and what's musical without soundtrack. Doctor up  Michelle Pfeiffer . And high school musicals that after justice of the starts belting out these classic. Hairspray isn't the only ", "Hairspray goes Hollywood and what's -- musical without soundtrack. Doctor -- up Michelle Pfeiffer . And high school musicals that after -- justice of the starts belting out these classic. Hairspray isn't the only soundtrack hit the "]