['In the new biopic "Diana," Oscar-nominee  Naomi Watts  plays Princess Diana, a role she has said was "the hardest thing I\'ve ever done." "I don\'t want to get caught up in mimicry ', 'Jane Levy (TV\'s "Suburgatory") in the role of Mia may very well be the best bit of horror movie casting since  Naomi Watts  in "The Ring." This is a breakout performance for her. Her energy - whether it\'s nervous, frenetic, scared ', 'Impossible," about a European family\'s trauma during the 2004 Indian Ocean tsunami, featuring Ewan McGregor and  Naomi Watts . After talking to writer and director David Riker of the film "The Girl ", my suspicions were only partially confirmed ', 'Oscar After-Parties: Stars Mingle for Vanity Fair, Elton John and Governors Ball', "post-Oscars shindig with A-list celebrities, and this year was no exception. From Jennifer Aniston to Best Actress nominee  Naomi Watts , the stars packed West Hollywood's Sunset Tower to rub elbows and toast the year in cinema. PHOTOS: Stars Flock ", "breasts in film. McFarlane was joined by the Gay Men's Chorus of Los Angeles to call out Meryl Streep, Anne Hathaway,  Naomi Watts , Jodie Foster, Hilary Swank and countless others who we've seen nude in film. Jokes that Bombed Not every joke ", 'Actress is much tighter. The category includes two-time Academy Award nominees Jessica Chastain, Jennifer Lawrence and  Naomi Watts , 85-year-old Emmanuelle Riva and 9-year-old Quvenzahne Wallis, who are both up for their first Oscar. "It\'s ', "travel across the country to 25-degree weather to see  Naomi Watts  make out with her friend's son (see slide 8: Two Mothers Missed It. I don't get it. Two MILFs (played by  Naomi Watts  and Robin Wright) date each other's hot sons . Big ", 'free country and maybe they should look at the Constitution." Many of the stars of the films being debated agree.  Naomi Watts , who stars in "Two Mothers" with Robin Wright, said what drew her to the film was not the salacious nature of her ', 'not Sundance unless someone\'s up in arms about a movie. This year\'s chief target is "Two Mothers," which stars  Naomi Watts  and Robin Wright as mothers who have affairs with each other\'s teenage sons. While Watts told ABC News Now\'s ', 'Playbook"), 1/2; Jessica Chastain ("Zero Dark Thirty"), 2/1; Emannuelle Riva ("Amour"), 12/1;  Naomi Watts  ("The Impossible"), 18/1; Quvenzhane Wallis ("Beasts Of The Southern Wild"), 30/1. Best Supporting Actor ', 'Thirty"), Jennifer Lawrence ("Silver Linings Playbook"), Quvenzhane Wallis ("Beasts of the Southern Wild"),  Naomi Watts  ("The Impossible") and Emmanuelle Riva ("Amour") Though this category is interesting because of its historic ', 'Jackman, "Les Miserables" Bradley Cooper, "Silver Linings Playbook" Joaquin Phoenix, "The Master" Best Actress:  Naomi Watts , "The Impossible" Jessica Chastain, "Zero Dark Thirty" Jennifer Lawrence, "Silver Linings Playbook" Emmanuelle ', 'Thank you, amy. How about "pop news," lara. We have a "gma" exclusive to begin with. We showed you pictures of  naomi watts  in character. The trailer\'s about to come out. We\'re giving you our "gma" viewers, the very first look. Go ', 'girlfriend. Ap and naomi warand  naomi watts  is still reaching new heights in Abc\'s bob woodruff talked to  naomi watts  for tonight\'s "nightline" interview a mother and father played by  naomi watts  and ewan McGREGOR AND THEIR THREE ', 'you know, she once played king kong\'s girlfriend. Ap and naomi warand naomi watts is still reaching new heights in hollywood with a career built on gutsy performances. Her latest movie conjures up the epic title waive, but for one family on vacation, the tsunami of 2004 was a test of survival and the fierce determination of a mother\'s love. Abc\'s bob woodruff talked to naomi watts for tonight\'s "nightline" interview. Reporter: It started out as an idyllic vacation for a young family on the west coast of land, a mother and father played by naomi watts and ewan McGREGOR AND THEIR THREE YOUNG Sons. But the holiday soon turns to a living held. And an epic fight for ', "Like every line of dialogue, every detail, everything just felt real. Reporter: Naomi watts plays maria, who along with her son lucas, barely survives the initial wave. Maria was badly injured. I'm scared. Reporter: Facing unimaginable ", 'Naomi Watts , Jessica Chastain join Best Supporting Actress winner as standouts on the red carpet.', "It was a great What we view has this little girl before you this dream comes true for them. I grew opening. Really really creates fan every. Area my family it was so obvious that they were all creates people. I couldn't draw I couldn't I couldn't do any of these things they were doing you know my", "the impossible. That puts its star mainly whites and blacks of predicaments. I'm not gonna sing anymore because  Naomi Watts  is here had to come and So this I would look at this movie which has a visceral effect but it's also has an emotional ", "mainly whites and blacks of predicaments. I'm not gonna sing anymore because Naomi Watts is here had to come and -- -- So this I would look at this movie which has a visceral effect but ", 'And fans of Princess Diana are getting chills from plus his new trailer of the day without a word of dialogue. Shows  Naomi Watts  has been transformed into the late beloved royal for the forthcoming film Diana. To be released later this year. And ', 'new trailer of the day without a word of dialogue. Shows -- Naomi Watts has been transformed into the late beloved royal for the forthcoming film Diana. To be released later this year. And as for ', 'fans of Princess Diana are getting chills from plus his new trailer of the day without a word of dialogue. Throws out  Naomi Watts  has been transformed into the late beloved royal for the forthcoming film Diana. To be released later this year. And ', 'new trailer of the day without a word of dialogue. Throws out Naomi Watts has been transformed into the late beloved royal for the forthcoming film Diana. To be released later this year. And as for ']