['The President of Chile Sebastian Pinera in his official visit to El Salvador on June 4, 2013.', "(CNN) -- Chilean President Sebastian Pinera stoked an abortion debate in his country over remarks he made about an 11-year-old girl who became pregnant after being raped by her mother's partner.", 'The girl, known only as "Belen," said in an interview that she would have the baby.', 'Pinera, a supporter of the abortion ban, said Belen\'s decision shows "depth and maturity" and asked the country\'s health minister to personally watch over her health.', "Political opponents seized on the president's comments, creating a national debate on the issue.", 'Former President Michelle Bachelet, who is running for the presidency once again, told Radio ADN that abortion should be an option in the case of rape.', 'Belen is "a girl with her entire life ahead of her and she requires protection," Bachelet said. "That being said, the option of abortion, in this case, for rape, seems to be the right solution."', "Pinera said that in the interest of the girl's health, doctors will consider whether it makes sense to induce a premature birth if it protects Belen.", 'He added, "the life of the mother always comes first, and we are going to protect Belen\'s life with everything medicine has to offer and with the care of the public health system."', 'But some say that an 11-year-old girl is not mature enough to take care of a child.', '"More than brave, she is a victim and we have to treat her like a victim and we have the protect her," Chilean Sen. Fulvio Rossi said. "The nation has to protect her and it has to give answers to Belen and to many other women who suffer on a daily basis from the neglect of their most basic rights."', 'Another senator, Juan Antonio Coloma, defended the current laws, saying that abortion should be prohibited no matter what.', '"What is relevant is to help this girl who has been victim to a rape, but that, from my perspective, can\'t ever justify what is worse, which is to abort that child inside her," he said.', "While the debate unfolds in the media, a psychologist said that Belen's family should look for support away from the public eye. Having a child at such a young age is a lot to deal with, and her understanding the choice she made will be facilitated by denying interviews and staying out of the spotlight, Ana Maria Aron said.", 'This South Korean couple has spent many of the past 60 years believing the other was dead. In fact, he was held prisoner by the North. ', 'The world finally knows how to address the latest addition to the British royal family: HRH Prince George Alexander Louis of Cambridge.', 'Captured on tape: A train derailed and snapped in two as it hurtled around a curve in Spain, killing 80 people.', 'Sinkholes are devouring 20 million square meters of land on the northern Chinese plain, destroying homes and displacing families. ', 'Posters offering a reward for information about Nazis still living in Germany have been put up in three cities. ', "CNN's Ivan Watson is given rare access to the opening of a cemetery for war veterans in North Korea's capital. ", 'From laptops to cars, the products you take for granted are made using African minerals.', '"He\'s got her looks, thankfully," said Prince William. Check out the first photos of the long-awaited royal baby. ', 'George H.W. Bush shaves his head to support a two-year-old with leukemia whose father is part of the Secret Service.', "They've long been considered topics that aren't polite to discuss at the dinner table. And as it turns out, they're touchy on Wikipedia as well. "]