['day she arrived in Ethiopia to bring him home. "I was just grinning from ear to ear." Viola Davis Leave it to  Octavia Spencer  to reveal her "Help" co-star Viola Davis\' secret: that she was a new mom to daughter Genesis. At the Elle Women ', 'family: girlfriend Sophina (Melonie Diaz), four-year-old daughter Tatiana (Ariana Neal) and mother Wanda ( Octavia Spencer ). Jordan ("Friday Night Lights") puts the film on his shoulders in an unqualified display of leading-man ', 'been accused of typecasting women of color. MORE: Sofia Vergara Called Highest-Paid Actress on Television Actress  Octavia Spencer , who is African-American, won an Academy award last year for her portrayal of a maid in the film "The Help ', 'last month. She recently wrapped Diablo Cody\'s film "Paradise" in which she stars alongside "The Help" star  Octavia Spencer  and Hough\'s "Rock of Ages" co-star Russell Brand. The film is set for release later this year. RELATED: Ryan ', 'clothes for bigger girls. "I think in today\'s world, when there\'s so many positive role models out there,  Octavia Spencer , Adele, Melissa McCarthy from \'Bridesmaids\' and lots of people like that, I think, are changing the way things ', 'plays Gordon-Levitt\'s father in the film, said porn is why parents should want their kids to watch this movie.  Octavia Spencer  on \'Fruitvale\' and Life After Oscar "I think it\'s a picture that a lot of fathers and mothers might want their ', 'the five best quotes we\'ve gathered so far: 1.  Octavia Spencer  (star and co-executive producer, "Fruitvale I\'ve been dying to meet, it\'s time to retire."  Octavia Spencer  on \'Fruitvale\' and Life After Oscar 2. Daniel Radcliffe ', 'PARK CITY, Utah -  Octavia Spencer , Oscar winner, is the star of "Fruitvale," one of the most powerful, emotional, and well-received movies at Sundance ', "Decay's beauty bar in the Fender lounge. Jane Seymour touched up her hair at the Keratin Complex pop up salon.  Octavia Spencer  copped a new Speck case for her iPhone at Variety's Sundance studio, and also popped into the Talent Resources ", 'Sundance Celebrity Sightings: Alicia Keys, Jennifer Hudson, and More Party in the Snow', 'Spectacular Now," joined her there. Over at Oakley\'s Learn to Ride lounge, Adrian Grenier spent the day snowboarding.  Octavia Spencer  and Ben Savage stopped by to try on sunglasses, and Lil Jon came through for tequila shots. PHOTOS: Stars at the ', 'nice & non denominational & enjoy friends & family & have a drink & celebrate life everyday." "The Help" actress  Octavia Spencer  shared some Thanksgiving tips with her followers. "Thxgiving WARNINGS: DON\'T fry a turkey indoors. DON\'T hide ', 'won Academy Awards since, including Halle Berry, who is the lone black woman to win Best Actress, in 2001, and  Octavia Spencer , who won Best Supporting Actress for her role in "The Help" this year. Feb. 29, 1952 Rep. Bart Stupak was born ', "lips of Michael B Jordan and  Octavia Spencer . Oscar grant it was. 22 years moved. But Michael B Jordan and  Octavia Spencer  knew who their harshest critics mean for Michael B Jordan and  Octavia Spencer  she's won an Oscar already ", "story of -- station. From the lips of Michael B Jordan and Octavia Spencer . Oscar grant it was. 22 years old and New Year's Eve 2008. Going into 2009. Which -- -- mother's birthday and he ", 'the audience who were obviously very moved. But Michael B Jordan and Octavia Spencer knew who their harshest critics might be. They knew and they had a lot of trepidation about it because that would be ', "all around. So what does this mean for Michael B Jordan and Octavia Spencer she's won an Oscar already for the help. He's been on TV shows like Friday Night Lights and the wire he's been ", "Oscar winner.  Octavia Spencer  Michael B Jordan they are being stars of an incredible movie it's that's just to we are thrilled to have Academy Award winner  Octavia Spencer  and Michael B Jordan here. With us this morning I'm gonna tell ", "Oscar winner. Octavia Spencer -- Michael B Jordan they are being stars of an incredible -- movie it's called rebels stations. That's already generating a lot ", "that's just to -- we are thrilled to have Academy Award winner Octavia Spencer and Michael B Jordan here. With us this morning I'm gonna tell you is so powerful -- so well done and very ", 'been accused of typecasting women of color. I\'m going to have the kill that woman. Reporter: Just last year,  octavia spencer  won for her role in "the help." But it dates back to a stereotype. And now, viewers are angry all over again ', 'I\'m going to have the kill that woman. Reporter: Just last year, octavia spencer won for her role in "the help." But it dates back to a stereotype. And now, viewers are angry all over again. ', 'Patient was  Octavia Spencer  who won the Oscar for best supporting actress for her role. In the help. And help me. Help me. Saying congratulations. To ', 'Patient was Octavia Spencer who won the Oscar for best supporting actress for her role. In the help. And help me. Help me. Saying congratulations. To. ', "heard her name called we have somebody on the phone with us right now so when you know well act to us. Okay. The  Octavia Spencer  found I didn't get about sitting. I am I ever so overwhelmed right now I can't even tell you I can't believe ", "so when you know -- well -- act to us. Okay. The Octavia Spencer found I didn't get -- about sitting. I am I ever so overwhelmed right now I can't even tell you I can't ", "yeah then from veteran Meryl Streep to Foster new  Octavia Spencer . Whose win for best supporting actress brought tears anything from. And you forever will be Oscar winner  Octavia Spencer  put the I'm sorry. Very good but yeah. But I", "-- and yeah then from veteran Meryl Streep to Foster new -- Octavia Spencer . Whose win for best supporting actress brought tears to everyone's eyes. Including her own. I helped him. The same -- And all ", "haven't heard anything from. And you forever will be -- Oscar winner Octavia Spencer put the I'm sorry. Very good but yeah. But I -- -- ", 'think you look Q. You know and and beyond you political is never followed me the bit about flat feet behind him.  Octavia Spencer  has claimed several awards including a for best supporting actress for her role as the quick tempered mini. The taught ', 'me -- -- -- the bit about flat feet behind him. -- Octavia Spencer has claimed several awards including a -- for best supporting actress for her role as the quick tempered mini. -- -- -- ']