["kids in 1960s New Jersey try to start a rock band and James Gandolfini as dad doesn't approve. Passion (U.S.)  Noomi Rapace  (who's part Spanish and is the original Girl With The Dragon Tattoo ) is one of the most exciting young actresses ", "Paula Patton, Mission: Impossible - Ghost Protocol  Noomi Rapace , Sherlock Holmes: A Game of Shadows Zoe Saldana Manganiello, What to Expect When You're Expecting  Noomi Rapace , Prometheus Rihanna, Battleship Choice Summer Movie ", 'Scotland, 2089. Two archaeologists - Elizabeth Shaw ( Noomi Rapace ) and Charlie Holloway (Logan Marshall-Green exactly one pure cringe-worthy moment, compliments of  Noomi Rapace  giving us a dose of the type of acting that made her ', 'The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo" is better than the Swedish version, directed by Niels Arden Oplev and starring  Noomi Rapace  as Salander, my answer is that they\'re very different movies. Chalk it up in part to the lack of a language barrier ', "complete lack of a moral compass, Moriarty proves to be a formidable and entertaining enemy. Worth mentioning is actress  Noomi Rapace , whose gypsy character plays a vital role in Moriarty's diabolical plot to start a war. Rapace proves she's got ", 'Annette Bening - "The Kids Are All Right" Nicole Kidman - "Rabbit Hole" Jennifer Lawrence - "Winter\'s Bone"  Noomi Rapace  - "The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo" Michelle Williams - "Blue Valentine" Best Supporting Actor * Christian Bale ', 'role in "Rabbit Hole." Michelle Williams plays a young wife whose marriage is disintegrating in " Blue Valentine ."  Noomi Rapace  may also have a shot for her work playing the facially grommeted punk hacker Lisbeth Salander in the Swedish movie ', 'role in "Rabbit Hole." Michelle Williams plays a young wife whose marriage is disintegrating in " Blue Valentine ."  Noomi Rapace  may also have a shot for her work playing the facially grommeted punk hacker Lisbeth Salander in the Swedish movie ', "Rooney Mara vs. Noomi Rapace : Who Will Be the Grittier 'Girl With the Dragon Tattoo?'", 'Larsson \'s books." Except that  Noomi Rapace  already did that: she won Sweden\'s Urban Legends: Bloody Mary."  Noomi Rapace  1. She could soon win an Oscar Robert Downey Jr. and Jude Law .  Noomi Rapace  as Lisbeth Salander. 3. Initially ', '40-year-old murder. The film smashed box office records in Scandanavia after opening there in 2009, and actress  Noomi Rapace  won Sweden\'s equivalent of the Oscar for her role as Lisbeth. If you\'re a fan of " The Bourne Identity " and its ']