['Credit: Gareth Davies/Getty Images. Actress  Neve Campbell  is expecting her first child, according to People . "They are thrilled," her rep told the magazine, of Campbell and actor ', "blasts from the past -- Courteney Cox , David Arquette ,  Neve Campbell  -- and some 21st century additions -- Emma Roberts days sober by dancing on stage at a concert in Chile.  Neve Campbell . The '90s were good to Campbell: She was a regular ", 'Arquette hit the red carpet of "Scream 4\'s" premiere Monday night. While Cox arrived hand-in-hand with co-star  Neve Campbell , Arquette arrived solo. Courteney Cox on \'Scream 4\': Wes Craven \'Knows How to Scare You Like Nobody Else\' Cox ', 'all pain medication -- may the record state -- still sober!" Both Cox and Arquette hit the red carpet of "Scream 4\'s" premiere Monday night. While Cox arrived hand-in-hand with co-star  Neve Campbell , Arquette arrived solo.', "when it came out in 1996. And while it had two follow-ups, it's been a decade since the last one. Luckily,  Neve Campbell  and Courteney Cox are back, and joining newcomers to the franchise like Emma Roberts, Kristen Bell and Anna Paquin ", 'It is a perfect spot to meet  Neve Campbell , whose silhouette as she graces Scream" in 1996 that confirmed  Neve Campbell \'s career choice. "Scream" was that seems appropriate. For  Neve Campbell , her work is all about how you process ', 'around with the same sex, even if it was just for the cameras. Denise Richards rocketed to fame after making out with  Neve Campbell  in "Wild Things." Scarlett Johansson\'s sex scene with Penelope Cruz in Woody Allen\'s "Vicky Cristina Barcelona ', 'sorrow with multiple viewings of "Dr. Zhivago." In real life, Cusack has courted the likes of Minnie Driver and  Neve Campbell , but he\'s never married. "I don\'t have any dating advice, except that endurance is important," he says ', 'Misperception The association has embarked on a public awareness campaign to combat widespread misunderstanding of TS. Actress  Neve Campbell , whose brother Damien has TS, is spearheading the effort within the entertainment industry to raise the profile of ', "magazine. Milla Jovovich was married for two months, alongside such temporarily committed people as Jennifer Lopez and  Neve Campbell . Even Hollywood's reigning bride, Julia Roberts, had a starter marriage. Starter marriages have practically become "]