['such a feat. Click through to see more: See Celebs Who Share Royal Baby Birthday  Nicole Kidman  and Keith Urban The day after the 2011 Golden Globes,  Nicole Kidman  and Keith Urban shared some surprising news with the world: they had secretly welcomed ', 'announced Tuesday. Also to premiere at Toronto is the Nelson Mandela biopic "Long Walk to Freedom" and "The Railway Man," the World War II POW drama starring Colin Firth and  Nicole Kidman . The 38th Toronto Film Festival runs Sept. 5-15.', 'and walked around the city. The two co-starred in the upcoming film "The Double," which was shot in London. Most recently, Eisenberg starred in the film "Now You See Me," while Wasikowska starred in "Stoker" with  Nicole Kidman .', "(Photo credit: Kevin Mazur/Getty Images) Taking a page from  Nicole Kidman  and Lenny Kravitz , maybe? On Thursday night, Jimmy Kimmel, 45, and his fiancee, Molly McNearney, caught up Kimmel's ex-girlfriend ", "What friendly exes! At the CMT Awards on Wednesday night,  Nicole Kidman  arrived on the arm of her husband, country singer Keith Urban, but neither were rattled when they bumped into Kidman's ex ", 'Catch Me If You Can." "How would you like to go to space with Leonardo DiCaprio?" said an auctioneer, the actress  Nicole Kidman . "I can\'t believe he offered this, by the way," she added. The lot? A ticket on the maiden voyage of Virgin ', "short, everyone. Cindy Crawford, Julianne Moore and  Nicole Kidman  are already in France and, according to People magazine Steven Spielberg. Other judges include Oscar winners  Nicole Kidman , Christoph Waltz and Ang Lee. What's the Big Prize ", 'her third child into the world with husband John Travolta. Mariah Carey also had her babies at age 40, the same age  Nicole Kidman  gave birth to daughter Sunday Rose, her first child with Australian country singer Keith Urban. "Celebrities want ', 'ABC News\' Brian O\'Keefe reports:  Nicole Kidman  describes her new film, "Stoker," as a stylized language, Kidman described the process. RELATED:  Nicole Kidman  on Marriage to Cruise, Pregnancy Struggles "It comes ', 'cameo at fashion week in September, he might soon be joined by one of his siblings. Connor Cruise With Tom Cruise and  Nicole Kidman  as parents, one would think Connor Cruise would follow in their footsteps to become an award-winning actor. But ', "Vivienne Jolie-Pitt's Acting Debut, Plus 7 More Celeb Kids Mimicking Their Parents", 'cameo at fashion week in September, he might soon be joined by one of his siblings. Connor Cruise With Tom Cruise and  Nicole Kidman  as parents, one would think Connor Cruise would follow in their footsteps to become an award-winning actor. But ', 'What do Kristen Stewart,  Nicole Kidman , and Marion Cotillard look like without the gloss? Check out and got my first laugh. And that was it-I was hooked."  Nicole Kidman . Credit: Juergen Teller/W magazine.', 'only ally. Affleck held up cue cards describing Kimmel as a great guy and a good lover before storming off the set.  Nicole Kidman , Gary Oldman, Amy Adams, Reese Witherspoon and Demi Moore all joined Damon as his guests. Kidman admitted to being ', '15, welcome back to "good morning america." And  nicole kidman  opening up in a new interview about her marriage to the bombshell revelations from hollywood a-lister,  nicole kidman . Speaking candidly for the first time about her failed ', '8:15, welcome back to "good morning america." And nicole kidman opening up in a new interview about her marriage to tom cruise and the depression she plunge into when they split up. In the interview, she expressed the intimate details in their struggle to have a family. They are the bombshell revelations from hollywood a-lister, nicole kidman . Speaking candidly for the first time about her failed marriage with tom cruise, her battle with depression, and struggles with infertil infertility. ', "Superstars celine dion and also,  nicole kidman , showing more than we've ever seen before, in two their bod for the magazine. 45-year-old actress,  nicole kidman , appears in a series of suggestive photos. Even wearing ", 'not the only celebrity bearing their bod for the magazine. 45-year-old actress, nicole kidman , appears in a series of suggestive photos. Even wearing a bootee-baring skirt on the cover. Everybody was excited. We all went for ', 'us weekly that she actually had a this whole time and  Nicole Kidman . The F five C love second wife of Tom Craig. And apparently that whole settlement in a worst filed for divorce from  Nicole Kidman  does it out alive a wall during that conversation between ', "us weekly that she actually had a -- this whole time and Nicole Kidman . The F five C love second wife of Tom Craig. And apparently. They've spoken over the last few weeks they actually have ", "and that whole settlement in a worst -- filed for divorce from Nicole Kidman does it out alive a wall during that conversation between -- -- She's been -- good friend very private friend according to ", 'red carpet" rachel 13 rachel smith is here in new york P. Pop time. Here we go. We\'re getting our first look at  nicole kidman  as grace kelly. She truly looks like royalty. Kidman is stunning as the actress-turned princess, grace of monaco ', "P. Pop time. Here we go. We're getting our first look at nicole kidman as grace kelly. She truly looks like royalty. Kidman is stunning as the actress-turned princess, grace of monaco. It's certainly a far ", "Welcome to do is getting everybody and  Nicole Kidman  for the first time about her marriage and subsequent depression after her divorce the tigress she spoke to Australia's who magazine ", "Welcome to do is getting everybody and Nicole Kidman -- for the first time about her marriage and subsequent depression after her divorce the tigress she spoke to Australia's who magazine ", "where we always end this year. With me asking everyone here. seeing some little bit of a song oh come on I don't wanna hear no wait that it I think but if it would all do it the dated this morning I want to. People back me up here. Now it's true mission yes everybody's agreeing with me it's not"]