['Returning to the court where she won her first Grand Slam championship a year ago, Petra Kvitova overcame a shaky start and a late rain delay Tuesday to open her Wim...', 'Four-time champion Serena Williams, former world No. 1 Victoria Azarenka and reigning titlist Petra Kvitova were a trio of opening-round winners Tuesday at The Champ...', "New Zealand's Marina Erakovic and Barbora Zahlavova Strycova from the Czech Republic will meet in the finals of the $220,000 Bell Challenge tennis event, after posti...", "New Zealand's Marina Erakovic rallied from an early deficit to beat third seed Tamira Paszek of Austria and reach the final of the $220,000 Bell Challenge tennis eve...", 'Top-seed Daniela Hantuchova advanced seeded former runner-up Lucie Safarova came up a second-round loser Thursday at the $220,000 Bell Challenge.Hantuchova, of Slova...', 'Second-seeded former runner-up Lucie round loser Thursday at the $220,000 Bell Challenge.The 2009 Quebec City finalist Safarova gave way to fellow Czech Andrea Hlava...', 'Top seeds Daniela Hantuchova and Lucie round winners Tuesday at the $220,000 Bell Challenge.The Slovakian Hantuchova held off Croat Ajla Tomljanovic 6-0, 2-6, 6-4, w...', 'Petra Kvitova and Iveta Benesova each set thrillers to give the Czech Republic a commanding 2-0 lead over Germany in its Fed Cup quarterfinal.Benesova gave the defen...', "Barbora Zahlavova Strycova from the Czech Republic rallied past New Zealand's Marina Erakovic to win the $220,000 Bell Challenge tennis event.The sixth-seeded Stryco...", 'Australian men once dominated Wimbledon. This year they failed to win a match.Aussies went 0 for 4, including a loss Tuesday by 2002 champion Lleyton Hewitt. That me...', 'French Open champ Li Na was handily eliminated from the China Open on Sunday, while winners on the second day of play included U.S. Open titlist Samantha Stosur and ...', 'Maria Sharapova completed a career Grand Slam earlier this month with her long-awaited triumph at the French Open, but she will have a difficult road toward claiming...', 'Roger Chapman shot a 4-under 66 on Sunday to win the U.S. Senior Open by two strokes at 10 under at Indianwood. He won the Senior PGA Championship by the same margin...', 'French Open champion Li Na retired from her round match Tuesday at the Open GDF Suez, while fourth-seeded Jelena Jankovic withdrew from the tournament, citing a left...', 'Through May 26 Singles1. Victoria Azarenka, Belarus, 57652. Maria Sharapova, Russia, 45403. Agnieszka Radwanska, Poland, 40064. Serena Williams, United States, 25155...', 'Wimbledon champion Petra Kvitova won her singles match on Sunday to send the reigning champion Czech Republic into the Fed Cup semifinals for a second straight year....', "Agnieszka Radwanska was a 6-1, 6-1 winner against Japan's Misaki Doi on Sunday to cruise into the second round at the $2.05 million Toray Pan Pacific Open.The Polish...", 'Wimbledon runner-up Maria Sharapova was a round winner Monday at the $2.05 million Toray Pan Pacific Open.The second-seeded Sharapova, who received a bye into the se...', "Former Penn State football coach Joe Paterno defended his program's integrity in a 7-month-old letter released Wednesday, a day ahead of a report that could forever ..."]