["she has no doubt that she heard  Natalie wood 's last cry for help. Now she's her vote she says the splendor a  Natalie Wood  her husband Robert Wagner. An slipped and fell into the water. But  Natalie wood 's sister Lana told CNN Friday ", "Robin Merrill and Wayne says she has no doubt that she heard Natalie wood's last cry for help. Now she's sitting down exclusively with Entertainment Tonight to talk about everything she says she remembers from that ", 'forty feet from her vote she says the splendor a -- -- Natalie Wood her husband Robert Wagner. An actor Christopher Walken was nearby. Now in a written statement to investigators she writes I heard a ', "says he believes his wife slipped and fell into the water. But Natalie wood's sister Lana told CNN Friday she suspects Wagner isn't telling the whole story I don't think she found. -- -- pushed meanwhile ", "We're gonna turn out of that one word that's change in the mysterious case of actress  Natalie Wood  and that simple change. Is bringing new questions tonight here's economic. A stunning star remembered for the way she lit up ", "of that one word that's change in the mysterious case of actress Natalie Wood and -- that simple change. Is bringing new questions tonight here's -- economic. A stunning star remembered for the way she lit ", 'famous mysteries in hollywood history. The death of  natalie wood , more than 30 years ago. Her husband, robert wagner has the story. tale of one mysterious night. Actress  natalie wood  died in 1981 on a boating trip, with husband, robert ', 'one of the most famous mysteries in hollywood history. The death of natalie wood , more than 30 years ago. Her husband, robert wagner, one of the last people to see her alive. And now, with the case reopened, police say wagner is refusing to speak with them about it. Abc\'s clayton sandell has the story. tale of one mysterious night. Actress natalie wood died in 1981 on a boating trip, with husband, robert wagner," and fellow actor, christopher walken. We think she fell outside and ', "thirty years ago back in the news tonight. Actress  Natalie Wood  who decades ago famously spoke about her fear of water earlier David what's so interesting about this is  Natalie Wood  with absolutely terrified of the water. In fact her ", 'captivated the nation thirty years ago back in the news tonight. Actress Natalie Wood who decades ago famously spoke about her fear of water. Drowned during -- boating trip off California it was puzzling from the ', "just like you said earlier David what's so interesting about this is Natalie Wood with absolutely terrified of the water. In fact her sister says she was so -- -- the water she wouldn't even go ", "from. What did Robert Wagner do war not That a mystery all these years later investigators hope to spokesperson tells ABC news he fully supports this new investigation. And at this point  Natalie wood 's death is still considered an accident.", "ABC news he fully supports this new investigation. And at this point Natalie wood's death is still considered an accident. ", 'Death certificate of Natalie has been formally changed and made public but still. The case remains open the certificate was amended from accidental drowning to drowning and other undetermined factors would. over Thanksgiving weekend in 1981 when she was found in the water off Catalina Island there', 'The thirty year investigation into the death of  Natalie Wood . Will have to continue with out a new interview from her husband Robert Wagner Wagner is declining to give police and new interview ', 'The thirty year investigation into the death of Natalie Wood . Will have to continue with out a new interview from her husband Robert Wagner Wagner is declining to give police and -- ', "Let's bring in their names are GMA legal analyst at. And let's try to figure out what's going on has got the author of the book book about for a couple in great by the captain. But now he's co author coming forward new backup documents from the book. the threshold be for reopened thirty year old", "island with friends but she apparently took a small for a ride. After a seven hour search fully clothed body was found.  Natalie wood 's first starring role was the skeptical child in the timeless miracle on 34 street I've spent a good. No you do ", "ride. After a seven hour search -- fully clothed body was found. Natalie wood's first starring role was the skeptical child in the timeless miracle on 34 street -- I've spent a good. No you do ", 'Drowning death of actress  Natalie Wood  thirty years later a big new wrinkle police have changed. The death certificate from accidental to undetermined. ABC by the nominee ', 'Drowning death of actress Natalie Wood thirty years later a big new wrinkle police have changed. The death certificate from accidental to undetermined. ABC by the -- nominee ', "Police in Los Angeles have reopened the investigation into  Natalie wood 's death. But with so much time having past since the actress drowned how exactly are they hoping to crack this case ABC's ", "Police in Los Angeles have reopened the investigation into Natalie wood's death. But with so much time having past since the actress drowned how exactly are they hoping to crack this case ABC's ", "There's no new evidence in the case of actress Natalie who died in 1980 want. Police back in November re opened the investigation into her debt. Would disappear from the boat she was on with her husband Robert Wagner and actor Christopher Walken. Police say they've uncovered nothing that could", 'Photographer Claus collection Marilyn Monroe onstage entertaining the troops in Korea it was this image after James Dean caught  Natalie Wood  in between shoots. An elected member of a political force bay rays striking before being snatched up by King Kong and ', 'Korea it was this image after James Dean caught -- -- -- Natalie Wood in between shoots. An elected member of a political force bay rays striking -- -- before being snatched up by King Kong ', "out there free. Hollywood case trending again. Robert wagner. The newest chapter in the tragic death of his wife  natalie wood . Wagner was the last person to trip. Now the case is reopened. A nearly released coroner's report shows that wood ", "Robert wagner. The newest chapter in the tragic death of his wife natalie wood . Wagner was the last person to trip. Now the case is reopened. A nearly released coroner's report shows that wood had scratches ", "sorts of extra bonus but that you can only get in this addition. Happens to give personal favorite for me because I'm  Natalie wood 's daughter Natasha was my college roommate and very dear friend. So I'm really big fan of his client and you're ", "in this addition. Happens to give personal favorite for me because I'm Natalie wood's daughter Natasha was my college roommate and very dear friend. So I'm really big fan of his client and you're gonna love ", "1962. Hit (%expletive) notorious BIG in 1997. Tonight is the real beginning of my. The 1981 death by drowning of  Natalie Wood  and in 1994 murder of Nicole Brown Simpson. The LA county coroner's. Functions as more than a medical examiner this ", 'They would movies.  Natalie Wood  and Robert Wagner are just two of the stars to be featured in an evening of treasures from the film archives of the Motion Picture ', 'They would -- movies. Natalie Wood and Robert Wagner are just two of the stars to be featured in an evening of treasures from the film archives of ']