['ago in "Chances" and has brought them back for seven more books, most recently the 2011 release "Goddess of Vengeance." Two TV miniseries based on the series ran in the 1990s, with  Nicollette Sheridan  and Kim Delaney playing Lucky.', "Eva Longoria on Leaving 'Desperate Housewives,' Her Divorce and New Job With President Obama", 'married again.\' ... I can\'t say that." Longoria on  Nicolette Sheridan  Suit: \'It\'s a Stain on Our Legacy as a Hit Show Housewives" drama behind the scenes, most recently when  Nicolette Sheridan  sued the network for wrongful termination , claiming series ', 'regulations protecting high-rise hotels with sprinkler systems and alarms after the fire. Famous Birthdays: 1694 Voltaire 1945 Goldie Hawn 1963  Nicollette Sheridan  1965 Bjork 1969 Ken Griffey, Jr. 1972 Rain Phoenix 1984 Jena Malone', 'Curious Case of Benjamin Button" and "Inglourious Basterds."  Nicollette Sheridan  Before she graced Wisteria Lane as Edie on "Desperate Housewives,"  Nicollette Sheridan  played the manipulative Paige Matheson on "Knots Landing" from ', 'proven he has no problem eliminating characters from the show. Last season, he killed off original cast member  Nicollette Sheridan  , who was electrocuted while beating a hasty retreat from her new husband. This season, the show added Drea ', 'of Benjamin Button" and most recently "Inglourious Basterds."  Nicollette Sheridan  Before she graced Wisteria Lane as Edie on "Desperate Housewives,"  Nicollette Sheridan  played the manipulative Paige Matheson on "Knots Landing" from ', 'of Benjamin Button" and most recently "Inglourious Basterds."  Nicollette Sheridan  Before she graced Wisteria Lane as Edie on "Desperate Housewives,"  Nicollette Sheridan  played the manipulative Paige Matheson on "Knots Landing" from ', 'flicks like "Once Upon a Time in America" and "Casino" Hotties Who\'ve Been Spotted On His Arm: Sean Young,  Nicolette Sheridan , Heather Graham, Missy Crider, Lauren Holly, Alexis Thorpe, Ashley Madison (above) His Hotness: 4 Their ', 'Edie\'s days of causing trouble on Wisteria Lane are over and so, it also seems, are her real-life counterpart  Nicollette Sheridan \'s on the set of ABC\'s "Desperate Housewives." Sheridan , one of the original castmates of the five-year-long ', 'we have a very funny reason why she gets her appearance back together, about seven or eight episodes in."  Nicollette Sheridan  (Edie) remains in the cast, to be joined by two newcomers: Neal McDonough as Dave, a new neighbor who introduces ', 'oversee the town\'s Founders Day Ball. "Let\'s just say there\'s some poison involved," Delany says. Edie ( Nicollette Sheridan ), in Cherry\'s most ominous pronouncement, crossing "a huge moral boundary (that) will lead to a shocking ', "When reports surfaced over the weekend that geeky comedian David Spade was spotted canoodling with hottie actress  Nicollette Sheridan , a collective double take rippled throughout the blogsophere. Say what?! Spade's publicist Meredith O'Sullivan ", 'bad reactions to nuts." To date, there have been no media reports of Kelis having a milk allergy.  Nicolette Sheridan Nicollette Sheridan , 44, plays Edie Britt, a conniving housewife, on ABC\'s "Desperate Housewives." But Sheridan ', "And now with steering Elaine where the fourth season of Desperate Housewives is under way and what did John dropping start it's done with it shared his character the always over the top front and center. Here to dish about the new season ethnically cheered and you here here is Jesse what time I get"]