["Eva Longoria on Leaving 'Desperate Housewives,' Her Divorce and New Job With President Obama", 'again.\' ... I can\'t say that." Longoria on  Nicolette Sheridan  Suit: \'It\'s a Stain on Our Legacy as a Hit Show Housewives" drama behind the scenes, most recently when  Nicolette Sheridan  sued the network for wrongful termination , claiming ', 'flicks like "Once Upon a Time in America" and "Casino" Hotties Who\'ve Been Spotted On His Arm: Sean Young,  Nicolette Sheridan , Heather Graham, Missy Crider, Lauren Holly, Alexis Thorpe, Ashley Madison (above) His Hotness: 4 Their ', 'killed by bad reactions to nuts." To date, there have been no media reports of Kelis having a milk allergy.  Nicolette Sheridan  Nicollette Sheridan, 44, plays Edie Britt, a conniving housewife, on ABC\'s "Desperate Housewives." But ', "For celebrities, summer is a time for taking up a hobby, helping others or doing a little work around the house. USA TODAY's Donna Freydkin and William Keck report on how some have been spending their summer. Virginia Madsen The actress, who recently starred in the film Diminished Capacity, has", 'Finally someone who speaks my language.\'" Love, Not Force It\'s that ability to engage dogs, star client  Nicolette Sheridan  says, that sets Geller apart as a trainer. "The consistent thing about Tamar\'s training is that it\'s always ', 'Get up close and personal with celebrity guests such as Matthew Fox from "Lost," "Desperate Housewives" star  Nicolette Sheridan , Jamie Foxx and Hilary Swank to newsmakers like former New YorkCity Mayor Rudy Guiliani and former Secretary of ', 'When Nicollette Sheridan arrived at the Oscars with a huge diamond ring on her left hand, reporters asked if she and boyfriend Michael Bolton had an announcement to make. "No," she said, with the same coy grin she flashes as Edie Britt on "Desperate Housewives." "Do you?" Now it\'s official. The', 'negotiate this," said Huffman, who at the time of the interview had to be on the "Desperate Housewives" set in 20 minutes. There she expects Teri Hatcher, Marcia Cross, Eva Longoria and  Nicolette Sheridan  to hop around, hug and scream.', "Felicity Huffman, Teri Hatcher, Marcia Cross, Eva Longoria, Alfre Woodard -- reigned in this royal hue (although  Nicolette Sheridan  didn't get the memo). Ziyi Zhang also looked lovely in lavender. I have to give serious trend-setting props ", "Madonna, Oprah Winfrey,  Nicolette Sheridan  and Christie Brinkley are no spring chickens -- but they are some of entertainment's most sought after stars, perhaps suggesting ", 'jewelry institution. "GMA" host Charles Gibson shared breakfast and talked baubles with one glamorous housewife,  Nicolette Sheridan , who plays Edie on ABC\'s "Desperate Housewives." Viewers also got a look behind the scenes of the famous store ', 'co-stars Marcia Cross and Felicity Huffman to win the trophy. They were joined by co-stars Eva Longoria and  Nicolette Sheridan  to present the nominees for best actor in a TV movie or miniseries. When show creator Marc Cherry accepted the trophy ', 'about women who live very secret lives in a very fancy suburb. Marcia Cross, Teri Hatcher, Felicity Huffman and  Nicolette Sheridan  have turned up the heat for 40-plus females. And sure, there were a lot more things that happened in the past ']