['Illustrated\'s" swimsuit edition last year, has also appeared in a commercial for Carl\'s Jr as well as Kim Kardashian and  Padma Lakshmi . SEE MORE: Past "Sports Illustrated" Swimsuit Covers', "Quotes of the Week: 'Everybody Needs an Uncle Harry and an Aunt Pippa in Their Lives'", "aide. Click here to read the full story 'I Gained 45 Pounds When I Got Pregnant and It All Went to My Thighs.'  Padma Lakshmi  has some advice for the pregnant Duchess of Cambridge: Eat ginger, wear form-fitting clothes, and get ready for ", 'Padma Lakshmi  has some advice for the pregnant Duchess of Cambridge : Eat ginger hostagelike situation, she said, "was a little creepy." RELATED:  Padma Lakshmi  Strips Down, Tells All for Playboy For Middleton\'s acute morning sickness ', 'Padma Lakshmi  is pretty much perfect. In the December issue of Playboy, the "Top Chef" host and former model strips down to a lace negligee ', "mud. Among the stars that stopped by the presenter's gift lounge for a pair of Minimus 1010s: Kerry Washington,  Padma Lakshmi , and Ron Howard. Foster Grant. Not only are these sunglasses cool (they've been a Hollywood staple since the '50s ", 'bust-boosting gowns: "Homeland\'s" Morena Baccarin, "Two Broke Girls\'" Kat Dennings, and "Top Chef\'s"  Padma Lakshmi . 7:00 p.m. - Though the 90 degree temps have everyone else wilting, the A-listers appear to be shrugging off ', 'Though she lost her custody battle with ex-boyfriend Adam Dell Thursday,  Padma Lakshmi  was anything but bitter at the Blossom Ball, her fourth annual New York City charity gala to support endometriosis research ', 'Celebrity Weight-Loss Secrets: How Kelly Preston, Gisele Bundchen and Padma Lakshmi  Got Their Pre-Baby Bodies Back', 'told the concert audience, "Wait till you hear the big secret though." The secret remains under wraps.  Padma Lakshmi Padma Lakshmi  had no intention of going public with her baby\'s father. When the 40-year-old model and "Top Chef ', 'well, seeing friends for dinner nearly every night, according to his spokesman. Over the years those friends have included actress Elizabeth Hurley, Princess Diana, and most recently  Padma Lakshmi , host of TV cooking show "Top Chef."', "TV's most popular cooking competitions, a mother of a 1-year-old girl and she cooks. No one's perfect, but  Padma Lakshmi  comes pretty close. Lakshmi, 40, dished about dining and drinking at Campari's Year of the Negroni event at New ", "you assumed that this woman's talent some merely superficial. As John Berman discovered He went out on the town.  Padma Lakshmi . Rain and some take out. But I picking. That we should make fish because some honor that trust me being in the kitchen ", 'superficial. As John Berman discovered -- He went out on the town. Padma Lakshmi . Rain and some take out. But I picking. That we should make fish because some honor that trust me being in the ', "to the catwalk. a new I'm on the waiting tabloid targets. Nightline goes on the town with the star of top chef  Padma Lakshmi  and criminal investigation. The Justice Department gets top in the gulf. BP launches yet another attempt to stop ", 'targets. Nightline goes on the town with the star of top chef Padma Lakshmi and criminal investigation. The Justice Department gets top in the gulf. BP launches yet another attempt to stop the spill and now ', 'than a year after gaining forty pounds with their son she says she is yoga and Pilates. Good morning Top chef host  Padma Lakshmi  turns a vigorous exercise after her daughter Krista was born. Running up seventy flights of stairs every day lifting ', 'is -- -- yoga and Pilates. Good morning -- Top chef host Padma Lakshmi turns a vigorous exercise after her daughter Krista was born. Running up seventy flights of stairs every day lifting weights and boxing. ']