['Browns sign rookie linebacker Barkevious Mingo  to 4-year contract, was No. 6 pick in draft', 'The Browns have signed rookie linebacker Barkevious Mingo, the No. 6 overall pick in this year\'s draft, to a four-year contract.The deal also contains a fifth-year club option.Mingo\'s agent, Jeff Guerriero, finalized the $16 million package with the Browns early Sunday. Mingo had been the team\'s only unsigned rookie as the sides battled over "offset" language. The Browns were able to keep the language in the contract, which means they will not have to pay him the remainder of his deal if he is cut before it expires and signs with another team.Mingo will receive his entire signing bonus by December.The 6-foot-4, 240-pound Mingo played in 40 games at LSU. He made 15 starts and recorded 119 tackles and 15 sacks.The Browns plan to play him at outside linebacker to best use his speed....', 'Tigers  speak highly of A&M freshman Manziel, but still confident they can stop him', "Kevin Minter doesn't envision LSU's defense fretting over any quarterback, not even Texas A&M's explosive, headline-grabbing, dual-threat freshman, Johnny Manziel.Mi...", 'The Colts hope to build on a promising first season with Andrew Luck at the controls.The fact that the Colts are picking 24th in the 2013 NFL Draft a year after sele...', "The Baltimore Ravens' coronation as Super Bowl XLVII champions puts the lid on the 2012 NFL season and is the unofficial kickoff to the league's offseason, specifica...", 'The first week of free agency is like tea leaves for the NFL Draft.Now you just have to read them.Since most NFL personnel people fancy themselves as 007-type covert...', "Hordes of NFL personnel people have invaded Indianapolis this week as the league's next generation of talent interviews and works out for their potential employers a...", 'The latest NFL Draft shakeup came on Sunday when the Tampa Bay Buccaneers finally completed a long-rumored trade with the New York Jets for cornerback Darrelle Revis...', 'The recent game of quarterback musical chairs featuring Oakland, Arizona and Buffalo has shaken up the first round of the 2013 NFL Draft a bit, and could signal how ...', 'In the end the Kansas City Chiefs chose the ceiling over the floor, taking Central Michigan left tackle Eric Fisher over the presumptive favorite to go No. 1 overall...', "The Kansas City Chiefs have been on the clock for more than two months now, so it's time to hop on board and unveil a first 2013 NFL mock draft.Before the draft take...", 'Getting after the quarterback and causing havoc in the backfield are traits teams look for in their defensive linemen. Those that can do it on a regular basis, usual...', '1 (6) - Barkevious Mingo, DE/OLB, LSU; 3 (68) - Leon McFadden, CB, San Diego State; 6 (175) - Jamoris Slaughter, S, Notre Dame; 7 (217) - Armonty Bryant, DE, East Ce...', 'Preparation for the 2013 NFL season begins in earnest later this week when both the Dallas Cowboys and Miami Dolphins report to training camp on July 20.A week later...', 'Browns draft pick Barkevious Mingo\'s mom didn\'t want him to play football. Now she\'s proud of her little boy who "likes to eat quarterbacks."Mingo, the LSU linebacke...', 'No. 5 LSU  hungry for redemption when Tigers  host No. 1 Alabama in national title game rematch', "LSU will be seeking redemption in the latest colossal clash with fellow SEC West power Alabama.Sure, there's the standard matter of national and Southeastern Confere...", 'LSU  jumps to No. 6 with win over South Carolina, which falls to No. 9; Both retain title hopes', "Sam Montgomery's philosophical musings have led him to the conclusion that LSU has regained a certain focus, intensity and chemistry that had been lacking in recent ...", 'The Cleveland Browns have signed linebacker Barkevious Mingo to a four-year contract.The Browns selected Mingo with the sixth overall pick in the 2013 NFL Draft.Ming...', 'As LSU  hosts Mississippi State, lofty goals of 10 wins and major bowl remain for both teams', 'No. 9 LSU and No. 23 Mississippi State meet at a time when both are trying to get over losses that have essentially dropped them out of the race for a Southeastern C...', 'LSU coach Les Miles is already giving Alabama something to think about, two weeks away from their showdown in Death Valley.The Tigers (7-1, 3-1 Southeastern Conferen...']