["screen are Alfre Woodard as the cranky Ouiser (Shirley MacLaine's role), Phylicia Rashad as her sidekick Clairee ( Olympia Dukakis ' role) and Rashad's real-life daughter Condola Rashad as M'Lynn's daughter Shelby, the role originated ", 'played by Condola Rashad Shirley MacLaine\'s grumpy Louisa "Ouiser" Boudreaux will be portrayed by Alfre Woodard  Olympia Dukakis \' Clairee Belcher will go to Phylicia Rashad Darryl Hannah\'s dippy Annelle Dupuy Desoto will be played by Adepero ', 'primary one, but over 21 years we have become friends," said Bonnie Low-Kramen, who has been Academy Award winner  Olympia Dukakis \' personal assistant for more than two decades. "She\'s very aware that she couldn\'t do all the things she does ', 'primary one, but over 21 years we have become friends," said Bonnie Low-Kramen, who has been Academy Award winner  Olympia Dukakis \' personal assistant for more than two decades. "She\'s very aware that she couldn\'t do all the things she does ', "Award nomination. You know the one about a beauty shop in New Orleans, also starring Dolly Parton, Sally Field and  Olympia Dukakis ? Can't quite remember? If you know you know it but can't quite summon the name, you've just had a TOT. Deborah ", 'into war," Farrell said. Among those signing the letter were Academy Award winners Kim Basinger, Helen Hunt,  Olympia Dukakis , Susan Sarandon and director Jonathan Demme. The X Factor Other names included former X-Files stars Gillian Anderson ', 'Richard Dreyfuss, Susan Sarandon (never one to miss an opportunity for a little celebrity activism), Kevin Bacon,  Olympia Dukakis , and Almost Famous star Billy Crudup, among others. Actor Treat Williams fired up the N.Y. crowd by leading ', 'Richard Dreyfuss, Susan Sarandon (never one to miss an opportunity for a little celebrity activism), Kevin Bacon,  Olympia Dukakis , and Almost Famous star Billy Crudup, among others. Actor Treat Williams fired up the N.Y. crowd by leading ', 'Richard Dreyfuss, Susan Sarandon (never one to miss an opportunity for a little celebrity activism), Kevin Bacon,  Olympia Dukakis , and Almost Famous star Billy Crudup, among others. Actor Treat Williams fired up the N.Y. crowd by leading ', "joined by and she's been an assistant to actress  Olympia Dukakis  for more than two decades she is also the author of when years I began a year before shot the movie so.  Olympia Dukakis  was not a household word and I went to work for her ", "joined by -- -- -- and she's been an assistant to actress Olympia Dukakis for more than two decades she is also the author of the book. -- ultimate assistant a celebrity assistants secret to success spotty thank you so much for being here. So tell us your secrets and what isn't like you've been with -- twenty year. -- when he when years I began a year before -- shot the movie -- so. Olympia Dukakis was not a household word and I went to work for her so that would be like you and I working together. "]