["many of us on the edge of our seats  Oprah Winfrey  introduced her sister to the world been to make Well. Saw an interview  Oprah 's mother and key piece everything discovered that her older sister is  Oprah . The  Oprah  so now I get now has ", 'surprise -- had many of us on the edge of our seats Oprah Winfrey introduced her -- sister to the world yesterday a sister she just found out about. Her mother gave up her up for ', "She's got a new book coming out about  Oprah . And one of the revelation is that open right. One of the revelation is that  Oprah  used to date John cash. Now you remember does. Do you read there's a little  Winfrey  running around. They kept this a secret it could be him locked in the closet of  Oprah 's mansion right now. Weird things happened ", "they're hard to ignore. She's got a new book coming out about Oprah . And one of the revelation is that open you know -- right. One of the revelation is that Oprah used to date John cash. Now you remember John cash he's not a -- Contracts. That's shot that is the -- Entertainment ", "his cards right it could be him locked in the closet of Oprah's mansion right now. Weird things happened in the seventies ally have no intention of Reading this -- it did provide us tonight ", 'most powerful celebrity in the world talk show host  Oprah Winfrey .  Oprah  we find is worth a lot of money I mean lot of money Forbes magazine annual celebrity 100 list. Number one  Oprah Winfrey  who makes 270 million dollars last year Johnny Depp ', 'recently crowned the most powerful celebrity in the world talk show host Oprah Winfrey . Oprah we find is worth a lot of money I mean -- lot of money. We are also finding these days that there ', 'the top of the Forbes magazine annual celebrity 100 list. Number one Oprah Winfrey who makes 270 million dollars last year Johnny Depp -- -- 82 million in pirate booty. Hurling stones -- 88 million mostly ', "relationship. And just said to have someone that you just like you know is so important is someone that is honest. You know I on the  Oprah  Show and I told you don't go around telling people who you're dating then I think you took that all the way I could get ", "someone that is honest. You know I -- -- -- on the Oprah Show and I told you don't go around telling people who you're dating then I think you took that all the way ", 'A milestone for  Oprah  after five years of laughter and challenges teenage girls for the woman they call mom  Oprah . Tomorrow night a triumph the first graduating class of the  Oprah Winfrey  leadership academy for girls in South ', "A milestone for Oprah after five years of laughter and challenges from teenage girls for the woman they call mom Oprah Tomorrow night a triumph the first graduating class of the Oprah Winfrey leadership academy for girls in South Africa. Will walk across the stage and 100%. Of them. Are going to college 10% of -- coming to the United States and we talk to Oprah today about their future. And hurts. Here they were when -- first saw -- five years ago a 152 girls in white ankle socks. From lives lived on dirt floors. -- houses. Girls with little future. But standing there believing in all their potential. Oprah Who tells us on average. They have suffered six trauma in fact the school will have -- grief counselor on duty. There's ", 'more than he ever has before with  oprah winfrey , about the nasty public divorce bride join us for the interview on " oprah \'s next chapter." Paula faris the accusations, sitting down with  oprah . The couple, married last year ', 'kelly grammer. He\'s opening up more than he ever has before with oprah winfrey , about the nasty public divorce with his wife, camille. He and his new bride join us for the interview on oprah\'s next chapter." Paula faris was watching. Reporter: The contentious end of their marriage played out for the world to see. On bravo\'s ', 'upon a time in a virtual world,  oprah winfrey  decided to spend the night at a justin While others were just happy to see  oprah . Why is  oprah  not in the dictionary Others passed on valuable advice. If  oprah winfrey  married deepak chopra, her name ', "coming out. You know what I mean? Every day. He comes out. Oprah this is your dream on broadway. You will act out the part as oprah I can do that. Let us begin, then. Once upon a time in a virtual world, oprah winfrey decided to spend the night at a justin bieber concert. Believe concert was so impressive. Thanks for a superfun night. Can't wait ", 'point. This is going well. While others were just happy to see oprah Why is oprah not in the dictionary? Shocked. The next day, oprah headed out for a walk. She was surprised by what she saw. Just saw a baby alligator. Couldn\'t get my camera fast enough. He went back underwater in swamp country. Y\'all. People on the streets wouldn\'t help notice her and think -- seriously worship oprah This obsession may or may not be out of hand. Don\'t care. Long live the queen. Oprah Lara, wake up. Thank you, joy. Others have tweeted about their -- others have tweeted out there oprah fantasy, as well. I want oprah to announce my name, melissa gregory, smiley face. Others passed on valuable advice. If oprah winfrey married deepak chopra, her name would be oprah chopra. Has a funny ring to it. Smiley face. Wow. Thank you. We want to thank our twitter piece players. It wasn\'t my broadway dream. But okay. Here\'s the dream, oprah That wasn\'t the broadway dream. Okay. Broadway nightmare. We also mentioned, joy, quickly, the new show. "Say anything." You will. I always ', '"gma,"  oprah winfrey  is here to talk about the brand-new show on "own." It\'s how The facecy and faith-focused life coach we first show on kwp the  oprah winfrey  show" in 1990. Across the street. Reporter: Since then, she has ', '"gma," oprah winfrey is here to talk about the brand-new show on "own." It\'s how iyanla\'s "fix my life." Let\'s look at the new show. ', 'The facecy and faith-focused life coach we first show on kwp the oprah winfrey show" in 1990. Across the street. Reporter: Since then, she has faced tremendous life struggles. Losing her job, her marriage, her wealth, ', "at the behind the scenes look at  oprah winfrey 's leadership academy in south africa accomplishment. Last night on own,  oprah  opened up about the girls that just Own viewers get a look inside the  oprah winfrey  leadership academy for girls. Following ", "We're back now at the behind the scenes look at oprah winfrey's leadership academy in south africa. She calls it her most important accomplishment. Last night on own, oprah opened up about the girls that just became the first graduates. You will not only exceed, you will excel. Reporter: Many this two-hour documentary. The class of 2011. Reporter: Own viewers get a look inside the oprah winfrey leadership academy for girls. Following the girls from admission interviews. You really want to come to this school? I really really want to. A dozen reallies. Reporter: To graduation day. I was thinking about this day with them walking in triumph across this stage in their white dresses. Reporter: Juju and oprah talked about the challenges, the victory. And how oprah stays connected with the girls. They call you onmom open remarks that's for real. Oh, yes. Reporter: She selected all the girls herself. Adds a mother, just a person who has been a part of your lives for the past four or five years, I have never been more proud. Reporter: But there has been controversy, too. In 2007, oprah fired a female dorm adviser who was charged with sexually molesting girls and then flew to south africa to apologi apologize. You ", "Best audience. Best television host ever.  Oprah winfrey  is right here this morning. We'll sit down and take can hardly get a breath. We move fast here. Yes.  Oprah winfrey  show went off the air may 2011, a year and a half now ", "Best audience. Best television host ever. Oprah winfrey is right here this morning. We'll sit down and take a breath. It's hard. You can hardly get a breath. We move fast here. Yes. Oprah winfrey show went off the air may 2011, a year and a half now. You haven't missed a beat. I haven't missed a ", "ABC's John has the story. Overnight  Oprah 's production company described cheating and drug use. I've known  Oprah Winfrey  thirty years I promise you she was with an emotional televised mayor If  Oprah  blesses you and says I forgive it ", "one on one with -- ABC's John -- has the story. Overnight Oprah's production company described the new interview with Lance Armstrong has no holes bored and promised the ninety minute conversation will address head -- Accusations of cheating and drug use. I've known Oprah Winfrey thirty years I promise you she was not giving an -- jet and flying to Austin. To hear another denial from Lance ", 'Tyler Perry is apologizing to  Oprah  the talk show host hurt her back lifting a huge flower arrangement he had delivered. on his FaceBook page Perry said he sent flowers ', 'Tyler Perry is apologizing to Oprah the talk show host hurt her back lifting a huge flower arrangement he had delivered. -- on his FaceBook page Perry said ', 'secret that throughout her career  Oprah Winfrey  has been very private when it comes queen of media will will In the promo  Oprah  appears to be greeting a woman as surprises. publicly but famously private  Oprah Winfrey  promises to reveal a personal bombshell ', "Oprah secret revealed the -- -- go drink is back. But more about this 25 years later we're still knows how to get those I -- -- but it's no secret that throughout her career Oprah Winfrey has been very private when it comes to questions about a personal life. -- few years to entice is viewers with new land one could argue calculating -- -- well today the queen of daytime talk who celebrates her 57 birthday this Saturday. Is surprising viewers with some major news. I was. Given some news that literally shook me my. -- provocative announcement created a tidal wave of speculation over the weekend about just what the queen of media will will -- In the promo Oprah appears to be greeting a woman as a. About her father is -- a pattern mother. Is a lost daughter Twitter. It's ", "Joyful journey -- Okay. And -- surprises. -- publicly but famously private Oprah Winfrey promises to reveal a personal bombshell today. I've been keeping a family secret for months and you. And the big secret isn't He learned that Oprah is revealing that she has a younger half sister Oprah's mother gave her up for adoption -- Allison -- secrets Oprah out about this before Thanksgiving. The sister had -- about this for two years she lives in Milwaukee and 0% she's coming clean with this now because she doesn't want anyone to exploit this and this isn't something that should be able to -- for much longer. Course of people have to question -- -- about ratings and this is her last year with the Oprah show she's starting her own network but she's saying all this was a personal decision of round of the -- -- sentence. -- parents that's Oprah style that she wants to be the one to reveal something like this should -- want someone else saying it. He alluded ", "funeral on of course that is now or go to  Oprah Winfrey  learned over the weekend that actually upcoming  Oprah 's next chapter episode which march 11 Gary also poker player. March 11 all of  Oprah 's network needs help in the ratings I ", "interview. Post funeral on of course that is now or go to Oprah Winfrey learned over the weekend that -- actually upcoming Oprah's next chapter episode which -- -- march 11 and I think is this coming. Sunday we'll feature -- interview -- Eighteen year old Bobbi Kristina Whitney and Bobby rounds of dollar as well as. Patricia Houston who was Whitney's sister -- mentions all the funeral you saw her speak. And also Whitney's brother Gary -- also -- poker player. March 11 all of Oprah's network -- -- -- needs help in the ratings I would assume this would help and -- -- Bobbi Christina actually turns ", "Oprah 's recent two part series on India is bad taste in their mouths. Some feel  Oprah 's special painted a stereotypical picture what their most peeved about that comment  Oprah  made that Indians even rich ones still eat with their hands. Indians offended by  Winfrey 's home as many of them regard eating ", "Oprah's recent two part series on India is leaving some with the bad taste in their mouths. Some feel Oprah's special painted a stereotypical picture of -- in India. But what their most peeved about that comment Oprah made that Indians even rich ones still eat with their hands. Indians -- -- offended by Winfrey's home as many of them regard eating with their hands and established tradition that they are not ashamed. ", "Oprah Winfrey  is already one of the most powerful people confidence. at the governor's awards as  Oprah Winfrey  accepted the Herschel humanitarian award she earned a scholarship through the  Oprah Winfrey  foundation. Last year I applied to seven ", 'Oprah Winfrey is already one of the most powerful people the entertainment industry but the -- -- think she has not achieved until now ', "did by the board of confidence. -- at the governor's awards as Oprah Winfrey accepted the -- Herschel humanitarian award from the academy of motion picture arts and science. I don't know any -- anyone. Who would. Be more -- what this really means is that all of us can make a difference to them like that -- -- Oprah Oscar nominated for the color purple was honored for her for -- She's always thinking about how she can help there's increasing the literacy level of this country -- your passion for books. Tonight belongs to officer is one of -- National if not world treasures actor James Earl Jones and makeup artist -- Smith were awarded honorary Oscars life. But it was a Harlem student not -- star who presented Oprah -- her humanitarian award after explaining that she earned a scholarship through the Oprah Winfrey foundation. Last year I applied to seven congress'. -- -- -- -- -- -- And so when I say thank you. -- ", 'lance armstrong finally talking to  oprah winfrey  about the use of illegal drugs revised history, and admitted to  oprah  that he used performance enhancing the champion. Confession or not to  oprah , officials are not satisfied. And ', "about the confession rocketing around the globe, lance armstrong finally talking to oprah winfrey about the use of illegal drugs. For 14 years, this has been armstrong's public face, steely and defiant. But tonight, this is "]