['sandie singing in "grease." Admit it. I loved  olivia newton - john . Loved her. Never hotter. 34 years later,  olivia newton - john  and john travolta could be having another run-up ', 'idea. That\'s danny and sandie singing in "grease." Admit it. I loved olivia newton-john . Loved her. Never hotter. 34 years later, olivia newton-john and john travolta could be having another run-up on the charts. Olivia saying time for a sequel. They\'re reuniting for a new ', 'of gunning down his romantic rival saying it was  Olivia Newton - John  and Barry White who told him to kill. Thursday a forced him to do it. celebrity spirit who look like  Olivia Newton - John . Thursday a psychiatrist for the defense backed ', 'Georgia man accused of gunning down his romantic rival saying it was Olivia Newton-John and Barry White who told him to kill. Thursday a forensic psychologist gave a big boost to his insanity defense. -- -- ', 'power forced him to do it. -- celebrity spirit who look like Olivia Newton-John . Thursday a psychiatrist for the defense backed up his claims. Diagnosing him with a long list of mental problems including bipolar disorder ', 'Superstars get into the holiday spirit on new album, "This Christmas," now on iTunes.', "Olivia Newton-John  Shows You How to 'LivWise' with Her Lemon Chicken, Lizzie's Apples", "I did they have  Olivia Newton - John  we know her best. As they star singer and actress she's even been named a national living treasure in her beloved Australia ", "-- -- -- -- I did they have Olivia Newton-John -- we know her best. As they star singer and actress she's even been named a national living treasure in her beloved ", "Olivia Newton-John  Shows You How to 'LivWise' with Her Lemon Chicken, Lizzie's Apples", "I don't know have  Olivia Newton - John  here we know her best as they star singer and actress she's even been named a national living treasure in her beloved Australia ", "I don't know -- -- -- have Olivia Newton-John here we know her best as they star singer and actress she's even been named a national living treasure in her beloved ", "Your new album out for the holidays a little bit about it was a Christmas record but it's it's a mixture of traditional and new and then we've linked. All the songs together with instrumental pieces of the most be loved. Christmas standards. Done in a very kind of gentle way I like it I'm proud of", "Well  Olivia Newton - John  has a new Christmas album out it's called Christmas wish and she stopped by the studios a short while ago to A mother's Christmas ", "Well Olivia Newton-John has a new Christmas album out it's called Christmas wish and she stopped by the studios a short while ago to -- ", "four time Grammy winner is back with a new Christmas album called Christmas wish. Here on this Christmas morning  Olivia Newton - John  singing O come all ye faithful. He's okay. She This whole time I threw me yeah. Need. To room. Okay. Me ", "a new Christmas album called Christmas wish. Here on this Christmas morning Olivia Newton-John singing O come all ye faithful. He's okay. She -- This whole time I ", "last night. With a handsome husband unfortunately. She dressed up as sound to me how this is sandy from grease  Olivia .  Newton John 's iconic role she's in the box foundation has the pills but unfortunately. It's patently and unfortunately ", "dressed up as sound to me how this is sandy from grease Olivia . Newton John's iconic role she's in the box foundation has the pills but unfortunately. It's patently and unfortunately we have a hurricane. Colts and ", 'pursued her for that reason. Gavin de Becker a private security consultant got involved because threatened pop star  Olivia Newton - John  one of his clients. To shared its information with court officials. I have no doubt whatsoever that he posed a ', 'a private security consultant got involved because -- -- threatened pop star Olivia Newton-John one of his clients. To -- shared its information with court officials. I have no doubt whatsoever that he posed a substantial ', 'In the form of singers Barry White. And  Olivia Newton - John . Has there ever been description from hitting me that he ever A vision of  Olivia Newton - John  six foot  Olivia Newton - John . No he has not. Instead doctor floors argued ', 'said Newman -- spirits. In the form of singers Barry White. And Olivia Newton-John . Has there ever been description from hitting me that he ever -- A vision of Olivia Newton-John -- -- six foot Olivia Newton-John . No he has not. Instead doctor floors argued that Newman was in part manipulated by -- Andrea snyderman the wife of the ', "this possibly works Even if  Olivia Newton - John  and Barry White. Are telling it's wrong even it's still  Olivia Newton - John . That's not not to know was an affair. And then.  Olivia Newton - John  Barry White come into Staten ", "doesn't what I don't see how this possibly works -- Even if Olivia Newton-John and Barry White. Are telling him to do it in his -- to make this a valid defense such that the jury would find him not guilty by reason of insanity. He would need to not understand. That it was wrong so Bolivia Newton-John is telling him to do something go kill. Any knows it's wrong even -- it's still Olivia Newton-John . That's not not to know the recent events and the fact that he set up an alibi actually -- this case absolutely ", "what they're saying. They're saying they're actually was an affair. And then. Olivia Newton-John Barry White come into Staten Island it's -- -- -- this is a weird when Dan Abrams thanks very much. ", 'an Angel with the voice of  Olivia Newton - John  and a demon who sounded a lot that Angel with the voice of  Olivia Newton - John  ordered him to kill rusty snyderman only did a voice sounding like  Olivia Newton - John  order him to kill rusty. But ', 'Pants on fire not to mention an Angel with the voice of Olivia Newton-John and a demon who sounded a lot like Barry White. Prosecution and defense wrapped up their case today and it was explosive. ', "the 49 year old engineer claiming that Angel with the voice of Olivia Newton-John ordered him to kill rusty snyderman. Outside this Georgia day care center in 2010. His defense team argues it's this woman injuries ", 'believes Newman had delusions that not only did a voice sounding like Olivia Newton-John order him to kill rusty. But -- demon who sounded like Barry White told Newman to kill himself described the demon adds. ', 'this is absolutely. Ridiculous. buried white demon urged. Human to kill himself. another voice sounding like  Olivia Newton - John . told him to rusty snyderman because rusty was a danger to his two children. So the Angel told him get the children ', 'white demon urged. Human to kill himself. -- another voice sounding like Olivia Newton-John . -- told him to -- rusty snyderman because rusty was a danger to his two children. So the Angel told him get ', "rusty snyderman but the question for the jury his state of mind and he's crazy. New an Angel with the voice of  Olivia Newton - John  and a demon with the voice of Barry White encouraged him hill gunned down rusty outside his daycare in 2010. But ", '-- -- -- New -- -- an Angel with the voice of Olivia Newton-John and a demon with the voice of Barry White encouraged him -- hill gunned down rusty -- outside his daycare in 2010. ', "defense. Starts making its case today in the bizarre trial a man accused of killing his romantic rival his resembling  Olivia Newton - John  and there are saying they told him to do it. NBC's Andrea canning is here with more on this morning and good ", "trial a man accused of killing his romantic rival his -- resembling Olivia Newton-John and there are -- saying they told him to do it. NBC's Andrea canning is here with more on this morning and ", "by reason of insanity telling police he demons and angels. Who told him to kill even visions of Barry White and  Olivia Newton - John . There's never been any evidence that he had seen. Entities or. The defense argues that Newman was carrying ", "told him to kill even -- -- visions of Barry White and Olivia Newton-John . There's never been any evidence that he had seen. Entities or. -- -- The defense argues that Newman was carrying on an ", "somebody else. And also the demons keep changing those pesky Damon's. First they look like why they look like  Olivia Newton - John  later on they took a different shape they look different they sounded different. So you know he can't even keep ", "those pesky Damon's. First they look like -- why they look like Olivia Newton-John later on they took a different shape they look different they sounded different. So you know he can't even keep his demons ", "the idea that there sort of demons deep directing what they do was very hard for jurors to accept especially here  Olivia Newton - John  very wide it seems so a bit bizarre next so they've got a big uphill battle here for the defense now. What are ", "what they do was very hard for jurors to accept especially here Olivia Newton-John very wide it seems so a bit bizarre next so they've got a big uphill battle here for the defense now. What "]