['West Virginia pass rusher Bruce Irvin built for speed, former wide receiver has 3 sacks', "At 235 pounds, West Virginia's Bruce Irvin is a lightweight at defensive end.Just don't call him a pushover.Going up against 300-pound offensive linemen, the junior ...", "The Browns' first draft under new owner Jimmy Haslam, a fresh front office and coaching staff was anything but ordinary.It was unpredictable, productive, maybe even ...", 'Notable defensive players in the 2013 NFL draft, grouped by projected NFL positions:DEFENSIVE ENDBjoern Werner, junior, Florida State: Native of Germany ... Quick an...', 'The second-ranked LSU Tigers open up SEC play this weekend, when they hit the road for the first time this season, taking on the Auburn Tigers are Jordan-Hare Stadiu...', 'The 2012 season is about a month and a half away and although there are 120 full-time members in the FBS ranks, there are only a handful of legitimate contenders for...', 'With their first No. 1 pick in franchise history, the Kansas City Chiefs selected Central Michigan offensive tackle Eric Fisher to begin the 2013 NFL Draft.Fisher is...', "Short on glam, slim on glitter and no sign of Manti Te'o, the NFL draft was still a solid B-plus.As in Big, as in Brawn, as in Bulk, as in Beefy.We're talking a scal...", "It's not nearly as sexy as Andrew Luck and Robert Griffin III dominating the top of the draft board, but it may be just as important.The guys who protect the quarter...", "The Kansas City Chiefs have been on the clock for nearly four months now, and the 2013 NFL Draft is just a couple of days away.As teams' scouting departments and fro...", 'Facing their second straight top-10 opponent, the third-ranked South Carolina Gamecocks take to the road this weekend, when they invade Baton Rouge for an SEC showdo...', 'Mettenberger passes for 273 yards, 2 TDs, and No. 9 LSU  beats No. 23 Mississippi State, 37-17', 'Zach Mettenberger rifled accurate passes over the middle, lofted timing throws down the sideline and demonstrated for a second straight week that LSU could indeed mo...', "Russell's big night not nearly enough as No. 23 Mississippi St. falls to No. 9 LSU , 37-17", "As Tyler Russell watched LSU's Craig Loston race by on a 100-yard interception return, he and the rest of the Mississippi State Bulldogs saw their faint hope of a So...", "Renewal of 'Magnolia Bowl' pits No. 8 LSU  against Ole Miss team eying bowl eligibility", 'One can only imagine how badly Hugh Freeze covets a victory at LSU in his first season as head coach at Mississippi.Sure, the Rebels and Tigers have been rivals for ...', 'Mike Gillislee ran for a pair of second- half touchdowns to lead No. 10 Florida past fourth-ranked LSU, 14-6.Gillislee finished with 146 yards on 34 carries for the ...', 'Ridley runs for 159 yards, TD, Tigers  rack up 6 sacks as No. 19 LSU  defeats Vanderbilt 27-3', 'LSU coach Les Miles still sees his Tigers making mistakes that must be corrected. His defense can only be counted on to cover up those problems for so long.Stevan Ri...', "No. 10 Gators believe improved O-line will hold up against LSU's  formidable front", 'Florida has bragged about its offensive line for months.The 10th-ranked Gators have repeatedly called the unit the strength of the team, a group of guys who have mad...', 'Tyrann Mathieu channeled his best Billy Cannon and No. 1 LSU was on its way to another run-away victory in the biggest game at Tiger Stadium in half a century.Mathie...', "A rematch of last year's national championship game is on tap in Baton Rouge this weekend, as the top-ranked Alabama Crimson Tide put their undefeated season in seri...", 'The top two teams in the country will collide in the Superdome, as SEC foes Alabama and LSU meet again this season, this time with the 2012 BCS National Championship...']