['By Jessica Wilder  Olivia Newton - John \'s older sister, Rona Newton-John, who was diagnosed with a brain tumor last month, died May 24 at age 70. "She was surrounded ', 'breast cancer herself, singer  Olivia Newton - John  is coming to the aid of her to Entertainment Tonight ,  Olivia Newton - John  said she had recently received she is about to begin." See  Olivia Newton - John \'s Reunion With John Travolta ', 'It may not be the reunion "Grease" fans have been hoping for, but Danny\'s John Travolta and Sandy\'s  Olivia Newton - John  are back together in a new video for their Christmas album. The pair show off their singing chops and moves in ', 'action shots. Image Credit: Gary Wiepert/AP Photo 10:29 a.m. ET Reunited It\'s been nearly 35 years since  Olivia Newton - John  and John Travolta starred together in "Grease" and sang "You\'re the One That I Want," the best-selling ', "(Hip-O/Amazon.com)  Olivia Newton - John  and John Travolta were unforgettable together in which combats children's disabilities, and the  Olivia Newton - John  Cancer and Wellness Center in Melbourne, Australia ", "During the trial, Neuman's attorneys said that he was visited by an angel whose voice sounded like that of singer  Olivia Newton - John  and a demon whose voice was similar to singer Barry White's. While the demon encouraged Neuman to commit suicide ", "Dunwoody Daycare Murder: Closing Arguments From Both Sides Implicate 'Manipulative' Widow", "During the trial, Neuman's attorneys claimed that Neuman was visited by an angel whose voice sounded like that of  Olivia Newton - John  and a demon whose voice was similar to Barry White. While the demon encouraged Neuman to commit suicide, the angel ", 'Dunwoody Daycare Murder: Hemy Neuman is Mentally Ill, Not Legally Responsible for Killing, Psychologist Testifies', "attorney, Doug Peters, said in his opening statements that Neuman believed he had been visited by an angel resembling  Olivia Newton - John  and a demon resembling Barry White, who told him that Sneiderman's children were his and that he needed to protect ", 'carry out the murder by spirits resembling singers  Olivia Newton - John  and Barry White. Lt. David Barnes of the Dunwoody believed he had been visited by an angel resembling  Olivia Newton - John  and a demon resembling Barry White, who told him ', "attorney, Doug Peters, said in his opening statements that Neuman believed he had been visited by an angel resembling  Olivia Newton - John  and a demon resembling Barry White, who told him that Sneiderman's children were his and that he needed to protect ", "attorney, Doug Peters, said in his opening statements that Neuman believed he had been visited by an angel resembling  Olivia Newton - John  and a demon resembling Barry White, who told him that Sneiderman's children were Neuman's and that he needed ", "attorney, Doug Peters, said in his opening statements that Neuman believed he had been visited by an angel resembling  Olivia Newton - John  and a demon resembling Barry White, who told him that Sneiderman's children were Neuman's and that he needed ", 'Dunwoody Day Care Killing: Trial Begins for Georgia Engineer Charged With Murder', 'been visited by an angel and demon in the forms of  Olivia Newton - John  and Barry White, respectively, that told him that taken aback by the defense as well. "Visions of  Olivia Newton John ?" Panitch asked. "Really, are we talking \'Grease ', '30 years, john travolta and  olivia newton - john  are making music together again last duet, john travolta and  olivia newton - john  are back with a holiday album and to see. John travolta,  olivia newton - john , thank you so much. Ywelcome ', 'it is a remarkable friendship to witness and to see. John travolta, olivia newton-john , thank you so much. Ywelcome. Thank you. ', 'sandie singing in "grease." Admit it. I loved  olivia newton - john . Loved her. Never hotter. 34 years later,  olivia newton - john  and john travolta could be having another run-up ', 'idea. That\'s danny and sandie singing in "grease." Admit it. I loved olivia newton-john . Loved her. Never hotter. 34 years later, olivia newton-john and john travolta could be having another run-up on the charts. Olivia saying time for a sequel. They\'re reuniting for a new ', 'of gunning down his romantic rival saying it was  Olivia Newton - John  and Barry White who told him to kill. Thursday a forced him to do it. celebrity spirit who look like  Olivia Newton - John . Thursday a psychiatrist for the defense backed ', 'Georgia man accused of gunning down his romantic rival saying it was Olivia Newton-John and Barry White who told him to kill. Thursday a forensic psychologist gave a big boost to his insanity defense. -- -- ', 'power forced him to do it. -- celebrity spirit who look like Olivia Newton-John . Thursday a psychiatrist for the defense backed up his claims. Diagnosing him with a long list of mental problems including bipolar disorder ', 'Superstars get into the holiday spirit on new album, "This Christmas," now on iTunes.', "Olivia Newton-John  Shows You How to 'LivWise' with Her Lemon Chicken, Lizzie's Apples", "I did they have  Olivia Newton - John  we know her best. As they star singer and actress she's even been named a national living treasure in her beloved Australia ", "-- -- -- -- I did they have Olivia Newton-John -- we know her best. As they star singer and actress she's even been named a national living treasure in her beloved ", "Olivia Newton-John  Shows You How to 'LivWise' with Her Lemon Chicken, Lizzie's Apples", "I don't know have  Olivia Newton - John  here we know her best as they star singer and actress she's even been named a national living treasure in her beloved Australia ", "I don't know -- -- -- have Olivia Newton-John here we know her best as they star singer and actress she's even been named a national living treasure in her beloved ", "Your new album out for the holidays a little bit about it was a Christmas record but it's it's a mixture of traditional and new and then we've linked. All the songs together with instrumental pieces of the most be loved. Christmas standards. Done in a very kind of gentle way I like it I'm proud of"]