["Accused NSA leaker's fate is still uncertain as he remains stuck in Russian airport.", "Stone said. When I interviewed him on line about. About this this he said the treat this coming in nobody can stop acting. You know that's that's the premise but at the same time these documents are highly valuable to a lot of different people around the world like to have access to them so I'm I", 'reporter who broke the story,  glenn greenwald , the senator who sounded the columnist getting these scoops,  glenn greenwald . Thank you for joining us you? You should. All right,  glenn greenwald , thank you very much.', 'cover the controversy from all angles. The reporter who broke the story, glenn greenwald , the senator who sounded the alarm, mark udall, and the committee chairs who approved the program, dianne feinstein and mike rogers. That ', 'the internet. Our first guest is "the guardian" columnist getting these scoops, glenn greenwald . Thank you for joining us. You broke another story yesterday. Showing the data-collection scale. The government collected 97 billion pieces of information. ', 'should we be expecting more revelations from you? You should. All right, glenn greenwald , thank you very much. ', "contractor booz allen at the nsa in hawaii, to get access to the nsa's activities around the world. He spoke to  glenn greenwald , saying more information is about to come out. Let's get more on the fallout from abc's jon karl at the white ", "get access to the nsa's activities around the world. He spoke to glenn greenwald , saying more information is about to come out. Let's get more on the fallout from abc's jon karl at the white house. ", 'Reporter: He revealed himself sunday afternoon in this interview posted online by "the guardian" conducted by  glenn greenwald  in hong kong. This is the truth. This is what\'s happening. You should decide whether we need to be doing it ', 'sunday afternoon in this interview posted online by "the guardian" conducted by glenn greenwald in hong kong. This is the truth. This is what\'s happening. You should decide whether we need to be doing it. Reporter: ', "national security agency so you can bet there's going to be full investigat investigation. And more revelations.  Glenn greenwald  has had a news story every single day since wednesday. The administration is bracing for more. James clapper, the ", "can bet there's going to be full investigat investigation. And more revelations. Glenn greenwald has had a news story every single day since wednesday. The administration is bracing for more. James clapper, the director of national ", 'week investigation here I think you can also that there are going to be more. Revelations the guardian newspaper  Glenn Greenwald  this week today has had a news story about the NSA programs every single day. Since Wednesday and the the administration ', 'also that there are going to be more. Revelations the guardian newspaper Glenn Greenwald -- -- -- this week today has had a news story about the NSA programs every single day. Since Wednesday and the ', 'motivation sunday afternoon in this interview, posted online by "the guardian" newspaper, conducted by columnist  glenn greenwald  in hong kong. This is the truth. This is what\'s happening. You should decide if we should be doing this. Reporter ', 'in this interview, posted online by "the guardian" newspaper, conducted by columnist glenn greenwald in hong kong. This is the truth. This is what\'s happening. You should decide if we should be doing this. Reporter: Snowden ', 'Joining me now are all star roundtable as always George Will. Former Obama White House counsel Greg  Glenn Greenwald  of salon dot com former bush White House counselor and the last be. And Helene Cooper of the New York Times thanks one and all ', 'roundtable as always George Will. Former Obama White House counsel Greg -- Glenn Greenwald of salon dot com former bush White House counselor and the last be. And Helene Cooper of the New York Times thanks ', 'segment with our roundtable as always well. Former Obama White House counsel Greg Craig. Salon dot com columnist  Glenn Greenwald  former bush White House counselor Ed Gillespie and New York Times reporter Helene Cooper. Issues that Elena Kagan ', 'well. Former Obama White House counsel Greg Craig. Salon dot com columnist Glenn Greenwald former bush White House counselor Ed Gillespie and New York Times reporter Helene Cooper. Issues that Elena Kagan. Might face if she ', 'from the Bush Administration.  Glenn Greenwald  from salon dot com and Helene Obama White House counsel Greg  Glenn Greenwald  of salon dot com. Former bush Greg salon dot com columnist  Glenn Greenwald . Former bush White House counselor ', "the Obama administration and and the -- be from the Bush Administration. Glenn Greenwald from salon dot com and Helene Cooper from the New York Times. From the heart of the nation's capital this week with ", 'roundtable as always George Will former Obama White House counsel Greg -- Glenn Greenwald of salon dot com. Former bush White House counselor Ed Gillespie and Helene Cooper of the New York Times thanks one and ', 'well. Former Obama White House counsel Greg -- salon dot com columnist Glenn Greenwald . Former bush White House counselor Ed Gillespie and New York Times reporter Helene Cooper. What are the issues that Elena Kagan. Might ']