["Oscar winner.  Octavia Spencer  Michael B Jordan they are being stars of an incredible movie it's that's just to we are thrilled to have Academy Award winner  Octavia Spencer  and Michael B Jordan here. With us this morning I'm gonna tell ", "Oscar winner. Octavia Spencer -- Michael B Jordan they are being stars of an incredible -- movie it's called rebels stations. That's already generating a lot ", "that's just to -- we are thrilled to have Academy Award winner Octavia Spencer and Michael B Jordan here. With us this morning I'm gonna tell you is so powerful -- so well done and very ", 'been accused of typecasting women of color. I\'m going to have the kill that woman. Reporter: Just last year,  octavia spencer  won for her role in "the help." But it dates back to a stereotype. And now, viewers are angry all over again ', 'I\'m going to have the kill that woman. Reporter: Just last year, octavia spencer won for her role in "the help." But it dates back to a stereotype. And now, viewers are angry all over again. ', 'Patient was  Octavia Spencer  who won the Oscar for best supporting actress for her role. In the help. And help me. Help me. Saying congratulations. To ', 'Patient was Octavia Spencer who won the Oscar for best supporting actress for her role. In the help. And help me. Help me. Saying congratulations. To. ', "heard her name called we have somebody on the phone with us right now so when you know well act to us. Okay. The  Octavia Spencer  found I didn't get about sitting. I am I ever so overwhelmed right now I can't even tell you I can't believe ", "so when you know -- well -- act to us. Okay. The Octavia Spencer found I didn't get -- about sitting. I am I ever so overwhelmed right now I can't even tell you I can't ", "yeah then from veteran Meryl Streep to Foster new  Octavia Spencer . Whose win for best supporting actress brought tears anything from. And you forever will be Oscar winner  Octavia Spencer  put the I'm sorry. Very good but yeah. But I", "-- and yeah then from veteran Meryl Streep to Foster new -- Octavia Spencer . Whose win for best supporting actress brought tears to everyone's eyes. Including her own. I helped him. The same -- And all ", "haven't heard anything from. And you forever will be -- Oscar winner Octavia Spencer put the I'm sorry. Very good but yeah. But I -- -- ", 'think you look Q. You know and and beyond you political is never followed me the bit about flat feet behind him.  Octavia Spencer  has claimed several awards including a for best supporting actress for her role as the quick tempered mini. The taught ', 'me -- -- -- the bit about flat feet behind him. -- Octavia Spencer has claimed several awards including a -- for best supporting actress for her role as the quick tempered mini. -- -- -- ', "it's this year's best supporting actress nominee it's. Look at. No sense The same thing. now thing has gotten  Octavia Spencer . Acting jobs for over a decade is that what these days working in the casting office for the movie time to kill ", 'at. No sense -- The same thing. -- now thing has gotten Octavia Spencer . Acting jobs for over a decade is that what -- -- -- -- -- these days working in the casting office for ', "to big girls. I think in today's world when they're so many positive. It's you know role models out there  Octavia Spencer . Melissa McCarthy from bridesmaid that I think changing the way things are viewed. Vogue Magazine notorious for ", "when they're so many positive. It's you know role models out there Octavia Spencer . -- -- Melissa McCarthy from bridesmaid that I think -- changing the way things are viewed. Vogue Magazine notorious for featuring papers ", "to big girls. I think in today's world when they're so many positive. It's you know role models out there  Octavia Spencer  Melissa McCarthy from bridesmaids and I think they're changing the way things are viewed. Vogue Magazine notorious ", "when they're so many positive. It's you know role models out there Octavia Spencer -- -- Melissa McCarthy from bridesmaids and I think they're changing the way things are viewed. Vogue Magazine notorious for featuring papers ", "the movie that I saw this year that got a standing things really went ever bought anything actress what like she's  Octavia Spencer  his mother. Tremendous performance she's also one of the producers who helped get it made it would seem like how ", "standing -- things really went ever bought anything actress what like she's Octavia Spencer -- his mother. Tremendous performance she's also one of the producers who helped get it made it would seem like how hard ", 'breaking bad Mary Elizabeth Winston Scott Pilgrim  Octavia Spencer  the help. Nick offerman park and recreation Megan battled addiction one that some form or another Vietnam  Octavia Spencer  was on the Tonight Show with Jay Leno talking about ', 'we have Aaron Paul for breaking bad Mary Elizabeth Winston Scott Pilgrim Octavia Spencer -- the help. Nick offerman park and recreation Megan Mullally who is his wife. Whoever really knows as little -- in place ', "he's probably battled addiction one that some form or another Vietnam -- Octavia Spencer was on the Tonight Show with Jay Leno talking about how she kind of got into character should take a listen. -- ", "representation. Of that comedy. Janet here in Albert knobs and  Octavia Spencer  in the help. And  Octavia Spencer  has won almost every award leading into this and yet where the academy voters are thinking so I'm going with  Octavia Spencer .", 'the representation. Of that comedy. Janet -- here in Albert knobs and Octavia Spencer in the help. And Octavia Spencer has won almost every award leading into this and yet we realize that. The artist is -- movie academy who so if ', "ensemble is where the academy voters are thinking so I'm going with Octavia Spencer . ", "Of that comedy. Janet matier in Albert and  Octavia Spencer  in the health.  Octavia Spencer  has won almost every award leading into this academy voters are thinking so I'm going with  Octavia Spencer . War. think you've got to be nice to get ", 'is that representations. Of that comedy. Janet matier in Albert -- and Octavia Spencer in the health. Octavia Spencer has won almost every award leading into this and yet we realize that. The artist is a movie the academy -- so ', "ensemble is where the academy voters are thinking so I'm going with Octavia Spencer . War. -- think you've got to be nice to get me. -- -- -- -- to give me. -- All right com ", 'Risky move in the Jim Crow south a winning it. The project became personal for Katherine and the different actors  Octavia Spencer  snagged the coveted role of the mini. Made voodoo dolls and Jennifer Hudson queen that is yeah. Yeah. Anybody that ', 'it. The project became personal for Katherine and -- the different actors Octavia Spencer snagged the coveted role of the -- -- mini. Made voodoo dolls and Jennifer Hudson queen that is yeah. Yeah. Anybody that ', "people talking. Aaron. Belong to me. And people are still talking about the Oscar worthy performances. Of Davis and  Octavia Spencer . Who starred in the film alongside Hollywood it girl Emma Stone. Relevant question I think more than anything it's ", "still talking about the Oscar worthy performances. Of -- -- Davis and Octavia Spencer . Who starred in the film alongside Hollywood it girl Emma Stone. Relevant question -- I think more than anything it's just a ", "It's that the magical ride. Few months ending their life changing. The helped earned three acting nods including  Octavia Spencer  who apparently was still sleeping when her name was read. I literally just got the call about the 32 pick problem ", 'months ending their life changing. The helped earned three acting nods including Octavia Spencer who apparently was still sleeping when her name was read. I literally just got the call about the 32 pick -- problem. ', "health. From one of Hollywood's best kept secrets.  Octavia Spencer . A breakout star at 41. TV things can change you've Mexico. And something else real Spanish. I love  Octavia Spencer  but I'm really angry at her because I can never ", "some help in the health. From one of Hollywood's best kept secrets. Octavia Spencer . A breakout star at 41. TV things can change -- -- -- you've got to be nice to -- me did. And ", "information. Good -- New Mexico. And something else real Spanish. I love Octavia Spencer but I'm really angry at her because I can never have another -- for the rest of my life. Speaking of party ", "happier for the other success in supporting actress nominees Melissa McCarthy and  Octavia Spencer  we just. I don't believe I can't believe it.  Octavia Spencer . Prove the point with emotion. As Octavia when the Golden Globe and there has ", "happier for the other success in supporting actress nominees Melissa McCarthy and Octavia Spencer we just. -- -- I don't believe I can't believe it. Octavia Spencer . Prove the point with -- emotion. As Octavia when the Golden Globe and there has lost McCarthy crying tears of joy -- "]