["U.S. Democratic Representative Barney Frank, who helped to craft the landmark overhaul of financial regulations that bears his name, will not seek re-election in 2012, Democratic aides said on Monday.Frank, one of the most outspoken liberals in Congress, will hold a 1 p.m. EST/1800 GMT news conference to discuss the decision, aides said.Frank, 71, has represented his Massachusetts district since 1981 and is known for his acerbic wit, as well as his detailed knowledge of banking and housing regulations.He was one of the first openly gay politicians to serve at a national level.Democrats expect to retain control of Frank's district as they try to win back control of the House of Representatives in the November 2012 elections.With Democratic Senator Christopher Dodd, Frank led a comprehensive overhaul of Wall Street regulations following the 2007-2009 financial crisis. The Dodd-Frank Act, passed in 2010 with little Republican support, was one of the most ambitious legislative efforts of P...", 'Rep .  Barney Frank  (D-MA) - who serves as Chairman of the Financial Services Committee - sounds off on the government rescue of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac.', "Rep . Barney Frank  Makes Awkward Trayvon Martin 'Hoodie' Comment During Commencement Speech", "FBN's Liz MacDonald breaks down Rep.  Barney Frank's  letter to Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac.", 'Rep .  Barney Frank , (D-Mass.), the differences between Republicans and Democrats over how much spending to cut and from where.', 'Problems may have existed in the Federal Bureau of Investigation in the last decade, but they have only gotten worse under the direction of "right-wing ideologue" At...', 'Longtime Rep. Barney Frank , D-Mass., announced Monday he is not seeking re-election, saying that redistricting has made it too strenuous to continue to campaign.The...', 'Retiring Rep. Barney Frank, a gay pioneer in Congress, said Thursday that he will marry his longtime partner, Jim Ready.Frank spokesman Harry Gural said the liberal ...', 'This is a rush transcript from "America\'s Election HQ," October 21, 2008. This copy may not be in its final form and may be updated.HEATHER NAUERT, HOST: In the mean...', 'Rep . Barney Frank  Optimistic for Online Gambling Bill at World Series of Poker', 'LAS VEGAS -- A Democratic congressman at the World Series of Poker to rally support for legalizing and regulating Internet gambling says he thinks he can get a bill ...', 'Rep. Barney Frank says there was no conflict of interest in him helping his former lover secure a job with Fannie Mae 20 years ago while he was on the committee char...', 'This is a rush transcript from "The O\'Reilly Factor," October 2, 2008. This copy may not be in its final form and may be updated.Watch "The O\'Reilly Factor" weeknigh...']