['Pamela Anderson  is no stranger to pushing boundaries, but this time, according to some, she has gone too far. A risque commercial featuring ', 'final dances, the audience was entertained with routines from the celebrities that were eliminated during the season:  Pamela Anderson , Kirstie Alley, Drew Lachey, Joey Fatone, Gilles Marini, Bristol Palin, Sabrina Bryan, Helio Castroneves, Emmitt ', 'reality-TV deals she scored from becoming one of the most notorious celebrities of the aughts.  Pamela Anderson  It took five years for  Pamela Anderson  and Tommy Lee to score a legal victory against the company that released their notorious honeymoon ', "'Dancing With the Stars: All-Stars' Week 3 Recap: Monaco, Rycroft Tied for Lead in Iconic Dance Week", 'breaking the rules. Johnson earned 26.5 Former \'N Sync member Joey Fatone was voted off the show last week. Actress  Pamela Anderson  was the first of the all-stars cast to be eliminated. WATCH: Joey Fatone discusses being voted off "Dancing With the ', "the next Andy Warhol , is working on a project called Ten, a series of Polaroids depicting the famous bodies of Vergara,  Pamela Anderson , Kim Kardashian, Angelina Jolie, Michelle Rodriguez, and others, as his canvas. In Sofia's case, her famous curves ", 'style," referring to the hugely popular Korean rap song featuring its own catchy dance. Palin earned 18 points. WATCH:  Pamela Anderson  voted off "DWTS: All-Stars" Helio Castroneves: Judges said the racecar driver\'s jive was fun and entertaining ', 'political strategists who buy commercial time. Last week, when the show\'s 15th season began with the elimination of  Pamela Anderson  from a cast of "all stars," the list of political sponsors included nearly every major player in the presidential campaign ', 'ABC Actress  Pamela Anderson  was voted off "Dancing With the Stars: All-Stars" Tuesday night, becoming the first star eliminated in week one of the show\'s ', 'Dancing with the Stars: All-Stars" Monday night. Emmitt Smith and his partner Cheryl Burke got the highest scores of the night.  Pamela Anderson  and her partner Tristan MacManus were on the low end of the leader board with 17 points.', "contact in the routine. Judges awarded Castroneves 21.5.  Pamela Anderson : The actress' tentative cha-cha drew disappointing reviews 22.5 Helio Castroneves and Chelsie Hightower: 21.5  Pamela Anderson  and Tristan MacManus: 17 Melissa Rycroft and Tony Dovolani ", "'Dancing With The Stars: All-Stars': Pamela Anderson  Gave Up Celibacy Vow, Says Show Host", 'Credit: Foc Kan/WireImage/Getty Images  Pamela Anderson  said she was taking a vow of celibacy while she competes on "Dancing with the Stars: All-Stars," but according to the dance ', 'The 45-year-old actress appears in racy ad for Web hosting service CrazyDomains.', 'Pamela anderson  and tristan MacMANUS. And here\'s a look at their short journey lowest overall combined total is pamela and tristan. Reporter:  Pamela anderson  became the first to exit the all-star edition of "dancing with ', 'Pamela anderson and tristan MacMANUS. And here\'s a look at their short journey. The all-star couple with the lowest overall combined total is pamela and tristan. Reporter: Pamela anderson became the first to exit the all-star edition of "dancing with the stars." I want to dance better. For me, it\'s not ', "We've got our first war. Johnson. And  Pamela Anderson  who by the way. And two states. During her run if she thought it would giver competitive and so what happens here yesterday in ", "We've got our first war. -- -- Johnson. -- -- -- And Pamela Anderson who by the way. And two states. During her run if she thought it would giver competitive and so what happens here ", "of excellent cuisine. He is expected to be in the hospital the The reality star give birth next month. Too hot for TV  Pamela Anderson  remember her she's back in the spotlight but not for that red hot swimsuit the beach debate watch. Instead the actors ", "-- The reality star give birth next month. Too hot for TV Pamela Anderson remember her she's back in the spotlight but not for that red hot swimsuit -- -- -- -- the beach debate watch. ", "blood it makes you queasy. He is expected to be in the hospital the The reality star give birth next month. Too hot for TV  Pamela Anderson  remember her she's back in the spotlight but not for that red hot swimsuit the sport the beach debate watch. Instead ", "-- The reality star give birth next month. Too hot for TV Pamela Anderson remember her she's back in the spotlight but not for that red hot swimsuit -- the sport -- the beach debate watch. ", "Her days on Baywatch may be over but  Pamela Anderson  is not to be seen again in new project project we're happy to be joined by  Pamela Anderson  actress model and now magic show assistant animals and I thought second with  Pamela Anderson  having lost my assistant. And I called ", "Her days on Baywatch may be over but Pamela Anderson is not to be seen again in new project. The actress and model has teamed up with illusionist Hans clock and more than a dozen dancers. In the brand new Las Vegas show the beauty of magic. For more on this project we're happy to be joined by Pamela Anderson actress model and now magic show assistant. And joined also by Hans -- who is billed for -- show as the fastest ", "it's you know -- -- wild animals and I thought second with Pamela Anderson having lost my assistant. And I called her agent as she -- that actually. Yeah well I'm and we see here we're ", 'motherhood we Madison to go behind the scenes to find out.  Pamela Anderson  Kate Godwin and all share the pressures of juggling their despite. Started crying and I was like since my kids.  Pamela Anderson  generally. I got my kids at school I go straight to rehearse ', 'we -- -- Madison to go behind the scenes to find out. Pamela Anderson Kate Godwin and -- -- all share the pressures of juggling their Dancing With The Stars schedule. -- off camera raising kids ', 'I despite. Started crying and I was like -- since my kids. Pamela Anderson generally. I got my kids -- at school I go straight to rehearse and then I pick them up right after her ']