['While promoting "Red 2," Bruce Willis gives strange answers during an interview.', "about hope and charity is north. And supported by some of my favorite stars Susan Sarandon. Forest Whitaker and  Mary Louise Parker  of weeds and she'll be sitting down with a stick with the founder of hope north of Sam. This is an inspiring ", "supported by some of my favorite stars Susan Sarandon. Forest Whitaker and Mary Louise Parker of weeds and she'll be sitting down with a stick with the founder of hope north of -- Sam. This is an ", "gonna start with the return of read to was its appropriately called. Once again stars Bruce Willis Helen Mirren  Mary Louise Parker  Anthony Hopkins John. shedding it playing a team of operatives try to track. missing nuclear device. We didn't ", "to was its appropriately called. Once again stars Bruce Willis Helen Mirren Mary Louise Parker -- Anthony Hopkins John. -- shedding it playing a team of operatives try to track. -- -- missing nuclear device. We didn't ", 'full of magical creatures are unleashed. And here with us from the spider chronicles the award winning actress  Mary Louise Parker  and Freddie the young man that sets the movie. In that action good to see both enjoyed chatting My fellow New York ', 'here with us from the spider chronicles -- the award winning actress Mary Louise Parker and Freddie -- -- the young man that sets the movie. In that action good to see both enjoyed chatting -- My ', "tech fact that it's packed with quite an impressive cast that Bruce Willis Morgan treatment. Helen Mirren and  Mary Louise Parker  John enough of Richard Dreyfuss and our guest today Karl urban who plays William Cooper. Welcome Karl thanks for ", 'an impressive cast -- that Bruce Willis Morgan treatment. Helen Mirren and Mary Louise Parker John enough of -- Richard Dreyfuss and our guest today Karl urban who plays William Cooper. Welcome Karl thanks for joining us ', "retired CIA agents who. Get back to work it's a great cast including John Malkovich Morgan Freeman Helen and Mary  Mary Louise Parker . Ernest nine. Richard Dreyfuss that goes on and on and on into it's great to have you back with instruments ", "great cast including John Malkovich Morgan Freeman Helen -- and Mary -- Mary Louise Parker . Ernest -- nine. -- Richard Dreyfuss that goes on and on and on into it's great to have you back with instruments ", 'And half a rat Ugly Betty. Tina Fey 30 Rock. Julia Louis-Dreyfus the New Adventures of Old Christine. And  Mary Louise Parker  means. Well Kristen completely announcements by bringing back John schaeffler to announce our final category thank ', 'Fey 30 Rock. Julia Louis-Dreyfus the New Adventures of Old Christine. And Mary Louise Parker means. Well Kristen -- completely announcements by bringing back John schaeffler to announce our final category thank you and John race. Hello ', "like Sex and the City. Desperate Housewives and actresses in their forties are fronting the fall Brooke Shields  Mary Louise Parker  Debra Messing. They're dominating the big screen and the runways. In fact the divas who invented the supermodel ", "and actresses in their forties are fronting the fall -- Brooke Shields Mary Louise Parker Debra Messing. They're dominating the big screen and the runways. In fact the divas who invented the supermodel phenomenon are back in ", "and that that's Tom Cruise about. That part of it off the prozac and that was ready I'm more ends here with  Mary Louise Parker  earlier He plays twins he's a really good and you. Even beaten down her divorce I met met the but the opening ", "off the prozac and that was ready I'm more ends here with Mary Louise Parker earlier He plays twins he's a really good and you. Even beaten down her divorce -- -- I met -- met the "]