["I'll let me when I mean those pictures different wonder all our something like this. Which is kind of you know  Marlene Dietrich  kind of French parent. Could give you I don't quite look like but thanks. Next week what more thank you can call ", "all our something like this. Which is -- kind of you know Marlene Dietrich kind of French parent. Could give you -- I don't quite look like -- but thanks. Next week what more -- -- ", "of women will. Women who would aspire to Elizabeth's. Wardrobe can do it by being strategic about it the great  Marlene Dietrich  icons once said. It is worth saving up for the one amazing dress that of the finest fighters you in mind ten years ", "Elizabeth's. Wardrobe can do it by being strategic about it the great Marlene Dietrich -- -- icons once said. It is worth saving up for the one amazing dress that of the finest -- fighters you ", "he'll do this but you know women to place. All season and have about it. I knew I remember hearing you want to do  Marlene Dietrich  sing take me out to the ballgame and. Six patients when we do when he did that. The harvest my Nicholas now has ", '-- about it. I knew I remember hearing you want to do Marlene Dietrich sing take me out to the ballgame and. Six patients -- -- -- -- when we do when he did that. The ', "anxious I may. This is let's face it so lucky to have this has been lenient. Control and  Marlene Dietrich  I remember hearing you want to do  Marlene Dietrich  take me out to the ballgame. Don't anything. Okay. From I think this yeah. That's ", "so lucky to have -- this has -- been lenient. Control and Marlene Dietrich I remember hearing you want to do Marlene Dietrich -- take me out to the ballgame. -- -- -- -- -- -- Don't anything. Okay. From -- -- -- I think ", "bonus spread inside the magazine sporting a somewhat androgynous look wearing a black hat jacket and tie inspired by  Marlene Dietrich . the top spot among the rich and famous featured in the magazine's international best dressed list for 2006 ", "somewhat androgynous look wearing a black hat jacket and tie inspired by Marlene Dietrich . -- -- the top spot among the rich and famous featured in the magazine's international best dressed list for 2006. Issue hits "]