['Actress Apollonia is 54. Actress Cynthia Stevenson ("Men in Trees," \'\'Hope and Gloria") is 51. Actress  Mary - Louise Parker  is 49. Director-actor Kevin Smith ("Clerks," \'\'Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back") is 43. Actor Sam Worthington ', 'It may not make a huge difference at the box office, but both films also feature the less-than-prolific  Mary - Louise Parker , who has a solid base among discriminating male viewers but is better known for her work in cable TV\'s "Weeds ', 'mind. It\'s also given the haters an avenue with which to attack those they dislike, a fact that might force  Mary - Louise Parker , 48, into early retirement. The "Weeds" star recently told News Corp Australia that the world has gotten ', 'New York. After her arrest, Sanderlin drew comparisons with Nancy Botwin, the maternal drug dealer played by  Mary - Louise Parker  on the Showtime series "Weeds." Prosecutors, however, alleged in a federal indictment that she was no different ', 'July 15. After her arrest, Sanderlin drew comparisons with Nancy Botwin, the maternal drug dealer played by  Mary - Louise Parker  on the Showtime series "Weeds." Prosecutors, however, alleged in a federal indictment that she was no different ', 'Suspect After her arrest, Sanderlin drew comparisons with Nancy Botwin, the maternal drug dealer played by  Mary - Louise Parker  on the Showtime series "Weeds." "Sanderlin could have focused her talents on building a legitimate business ', 'Sanderlin may be the real life Nancy Botwin, the maternal drug dealer on the Showtime series "Weeds," played by  Mary - Louise Parker . The mother of two from tony Scarsdale, N.Y., is charged with running what the Drug Enforcement Administration ', "Alexander Gould, along with its leading lady,  Mary - Louise Parker . The show established itself as an outstanding keeping clean. Here is what they've said:  Mary - Louise Parker Mary - Louise Parker  didn't try pot until she was 45, according ", 'headed to an event hosted by  Mary Louise Parker  for Hope North Uganda, an The Empire Hotel Interviewing  Mary Louise Parker  two weeks later. She is admittedly of many others, including  Mary Louise Parker , Forest Whitaker, Susan Sarandon ', 'she seems to be ready to join other actresses who have bared all on screen after turning 40 . Sandra Bullock,  Mary - Louise Parker , Marisa Tomei and Kathy Bates all waited until after 40 to shed their clothes on screen. Diane Keaton was nearly ', 'the cable TV show "Weeds," Shane Botwin (Alexander Gould), the teenage son of drug dealer Nancy Botwin ( Mary - Louise Parker ), used a croquet mallet to fatally strike a female drug rival. Observing the two women arguing, Shane, once ', "We caught up with Say Hi's Eric Elbogen late last summer while he was touring with David Bazan and opening up for Bazan in his incarnation of Say Hi. Formerly known as 'Say Hi To Your Mom', the band has had songs featured in Gossip Girl, made an album devoted entirely to vampires and his own ...", 'you\'ve got to give them everything. And when you have a kid, it\'s on a much greater level." [ Think Exist ]  Mary - Louise Parker  : "I thought I knew what love was, until I had this beautiful baby boy. That love is impenetrable, it is pure ', 'up with Jamie Edwards who is a reporter for British radio station of promoting Red there he is with his. Costar  Mary Louise Parker  and mortified by the way she actually played a little nicer than he of course and he was just not into it at all ', 'radio station of promoting Red -- there he is with his. Costar Mary Louise Parker and -- mortified by the way she actually played a little nicer than he of course and he was just not into ', "about hope and charity is north. And supported by some of my favorite stars Susan Sarandon. Forest Whitaker and  Mary Louise Parker  of weeds and she'll be sitting down with a stick with the founder of hope north of Sam. This is an inspiring ", "supported by some of my favorite stars Susan Sarandon. Forest Whitaker and Mary Louise Parker of weeds and she'll be sitting down with a stick with the founder of hope north of -- Sam. This is an ", "gonna start with the return of read to was its appropriately called. Once again stars Bruce Willis Helen Mirren  Mary Louise Parker  Anthony Hopkins John. shedding it playing a team of operatives try to track. missing nuclear device. We didn't ", "to was its appropriately called. Once again stars Bruce Willis Helen Mirren Mary Louise Parker -- Anthony Hopkins John. -- shedding it playing a team of operatives try to track. -- -- missing nuclear device. We didn't ", 'full of magical creatures are unleashed. And here with us from the spider chronicles the award winning actress  Mary Louise Parker  and Freddie the young man that sets the movie. In that action good to see both enjoyed chatting My fellow New York ', 'here with us from the spider chronicles -- the award winning actress Mary Louise Parker and Freddie -- -- the young man that sets the movie. In that action good to see both enjoyed chatting -- My ', "tech fact that it's packed with quite an impressive cast that Bruce Willis Morgan treatment. Helen Mirren and  Mary Louise Parker  John enough of Richard Dreyfuss and our guest today Karl urban who plays William Cooper. Welcome Karl thanks for ", 'an impressive cast -- that Bruce Willis Morgan treatment. Helen Mirren and Mary Louise Parker John enough of -- Richard Dreyfuss and our guest today Karl urban who plays William Cooper. Welcome Karl thanks for joining us ']