["Celeb Sightings: Mary Kate Olsen  and Oliver Sarkozy's Date Night, Henry Cavill and Kaley Cuoco Hold Hands and More", "(Photo credit: James Devaney/Getty Images) Not even rainy weather in New York City could dampen  Mary Kate Olsen  and Oliver Sarkozy's moods on Tuesday night, when they stopped into Italian eatery Antica Pesa in Brooklyn with a few friends ", 'Elder Ordonez/INFphoto.com  Mary - Kate Olsen  and new French beau Olivier Sarkozy, who is 16 years her senior, raised eyebrows when they were spotted in New York this week ', 'Getty Images Romance is in the air again for  Mary - Kate Olsen . According to Us , the actress-turned-fashion designer is dating Olivier Sarkozy, who is the brother of the former French ', 'prohibited items include cellphones, laptops and expensive jewelry. Famous clientele: Kirsten Dunst, Eva Mendes,  Mary - Kate Olsen  Passages Rehab Facility Co-founded by father and son team Chris and Pax Prentiss, Passages Rehab Facility is popular ', 'After his breakup with Brewster, Cooper was spotted about town with several stars, including Denise Richards and  Mary Kate Olsen . But he broke into the A-list when he was spotted out with Jennifer Aniston the summer of 2009. The relationship ', "Until now, she is best known for being the Elizabeth in the clothing line, Elizabeth and James. But in the next year, we will be getting to know Elizabeth Olsen, the younger sister of Mary-Kate and Ashley , much better because, well, she's made more movies recently than her sisters combined. In", 'Younger Sister of Mary Kate and Ashley Is Toast of Park City With Two Very Different Films', 'towards girls ages 13 to 18 years old and will be sold at JCPenney stores nationwide. "It\'s for teens and tweens,"  Mary Kate Olsen  said, but they added that many of the "light-hearted" styles are appropriate for any age. The sisters said ', 'stars were indeed behind the messages. "I once met  Mary Kate Olsen  at a nightclub and later got a message from her, but I find it hard to believe that  Mary Kate Olsen \'s following my Twitter," Griffin said. So they\'re ', '911. Blair Hanson, another Hollywood-based photographer, said he was threatened with a weapon when he caught  Mary Kate Olsen  coming out of hair salon. He went for the shot and one of her two bodyguards grabbed his lens and pushed it down ', "authorities, according to police. Police added that they did not suspect foul play. Initial reports claimed actress  Mary - Kate Olsen  owned the apartment Ledger was found in, but police denied that the residence was Olsen's. A police source later ", 'stepdad. "She\'s endeared to Dr. Squires, but ultimately thinks he\'s kind of a joke," Thirlby says. Of note:  Mary - Kate Olsen  and Method Man in cameo roles. The Mysteries of Pittsburgh Whom it\'s for: Directionless college grads, lovelorn ', 'London has split from boyfriend but London. He was date at the royal wedding. And a new couple alert Kanye West and  Mary Kate Olsen  were spotted making out at the rappers. 34 birthday party late last week according to. West split from his girlfriend ', 'at the royal wedding. And a new couple alert Kanye West and Mary Kate Olsen were spotted making out at the rappers. 34 birthday party late last week according to. West split from his girlfriend amber -- ', "incentive gone I'm you know the fact that the mrs. and that. They're cleaning lady didn't call they called  Mary Kate Olsen  and why would they do that and another story that they don't ASEAN found him. And you know and the question still ", "that the mrs. and that. They're cleaning lady didn't call they called Mary Kate Olsen and why would they do that and another story that they don't ASEAN -- -- found him. And you know and the ", "wrong technology. Called busted lips and pick an answer the wrong song and hey no excuse that I just showed them.  Mary Kate Olsen  is going to treatment for eating disorder. Michael Moore's new film Fahrenheit 9/11 is a blistering attack on ", "the wrong song and hey no excuse that I just showed them. Mary Kate Olsen is going to treatment for eating disorder. Michael Moore's new film Fahrenheit 9/11 is a blistering attack on the Bush Administration. Jennings ", 'same trashing royalties and celebrities to the enjoyment of many from Queen Elizabeth to Sharon Stone He once called  Mary Kate Olsen . A tattered toothpick trapped in our hurricane. He was Haiti six years old. And finally SNL Sarah Palin rap. The ', 'enjoyment of many from Queen Elizabeth to Sharon Stone He once called Mary Kate Olsen . A tattered toothpick trapped in our hurricane. He was Haiti six years old. And finally SNL Sarah Palin rap. The Republican vice ', 'same trashing royalties and celebrities to the enjoyment of many from Queen Elizabeth to Sharon Stone He once called  Mary Kate Olsen . A tattered toothpick trapped in our hurricane. He was 86 years old. And finally SNL Sarah Palin rap. The Republican ', 'enjoyment of many from Queen Elizabeth to Sharon Stone He once called Mary Kate Olsen . A tattered toothpick trapped in our hurricane. He was 86 years old. And finally SNL Sarah Palin rap. The Republican vice presidential ', "seems to be off the wagon in terms of dating all of these starlets I mean it was Kate Hudson Sheryl Crow designer Tory  Mary Kate Olsen . It was kind of like a toward a force of dating Hollywood land and now he's sort of bout with someone a little ", "I mean it was Kate Hudson -- Sheryl Crow designer Tory -- Mary Kate Olsen . It was kind of like a toward a force of dating Hollywood land and now he's sort of bout with someone a ", "Wallace and knocks on the bedroom door she finds ledger face down on the bed and responsive. She places a call to  Mary Kate Olsen  the actress who ledger was reportedly dating. Olson says shall send a private security over. But it wasn't until ", "down on the bed and -- responsive. She places a call to Mary Kate Olsen the actress who ledger was reportedly dating. Olson says shall send a private security over. But it wasn't until 32616. Minutes go "]