['singer Stacy Dean Campbell is 46. Singer Juliana Hatfield is 46. Actor Julian McMahon ("Profiler") is 45. Comedian  Maya Rudolph  ("Saturday Night Live") is 41. Drummer Abe Cunningham of Deftones is 40. Singer Pete Yorn is 39. Actor Jonathan ', "Star Sightings: Kristen Wiig Parties With 'SNL' Stars; Emma Stone, Katie Holmes and more", 'partygoer, "the whole cast and crew were partying," though Wiig spent most of her time catching up with a very pregnant  Maya Rudolph  . TV stars are spending this week in New York City for the Upfronts, where networks debut their fall TV line-ups ', "MTV Movie Awards 2012: 'Hunger Games,' 'Twilight,' and 'Bridesmaids' Take Home Top Awards", 'Stewart, "The Twilight Saga: Breaking Dawn - Part 1? Best Gut-Wrenching Performance "Bridesmaids" (Kristen Wiig,  Maya Rudolph , Rose Byrne, Melissa McCarthy, Wendi McClendon-Covey and Ellie Kemper) Best Comedic Performance Melissa McCarthy ', 'Kristen Stewart, The Twilight Saga: Breaking Dawn - Part 1 Best Gut-Wrenching Performance Bridesmaids (Kristen Wiig,  Maya Rudolph , Rose Byrne, Melissa McCarthy, Wendi McClendon-Covey and Ellie Kemper) The Help (Bryce Dallas Howard) 21 Jump ', 'Getty Images When last we saw Wilson Phillips , they were singing their signature tune, "Hold On," at the wedding of  Maya Rudolph  \'s character in " Bridesmaids ." Now, the trio is back with a new album, and a new reality show, "Wilson Philllips ', "off-side ponytail, or hair over one shoulder, like  Maya Rudolph , George Clooney's girlfriend Stacey Keibler and Emma Saab mint-colored gown; her hair was short and red.  Maya Rudolph  wore a plum-colored Johanna Jonson dress with Neil ", 'A Menagerie of Stars Such as Adam Sandler, Nick Nolte and Cher Lend Their Voices to Movie', 'Women across the country will be flocking to "Bridesmaids" this weekend, which is good news for everyone: Jessica has confirmed that the movie is laugh-out-loud funny and high ticket sales during opening weekend will show Hollywood studios that women want to see intelligent movies about funny women', 'employed Annie ( Kristen Wiig ) is asked to be the maid of honor for the wedding of her childhood best friend, Lillian (  Maya Rudolph  ). Annie butts heads with Helen (Rose Byrne), a fellow bridesmaid and a Stepford Wife spawn who wears a full-length ', 'in "Bridesmaids," an irreverent female-driven comedy in which she plays a maid of honor to fellow "SNL" alum  Maya Rudolph \'s bride. "Bridesmaids," which Wiig also co-wrote, is slated for nationwide release May 13. Wiig\'s character ', 'Heidi Montag Mocks Own Plastic Surgery in Plea for Financial Overhaul Legislation', 'of the Consumer Financial Protection Agency. Ronald Reagan was played by Jim Carrey. Michelle Obama was played by  Maya Rudolph . The other presidents were played by Chevy Chase, Darrell Hammond, Dan Aykroyd and Dana Carvey. Questions Arise ', 'Consumer Financial Protection Agency Endorsed by SNL Versions of Bush, Clinton, Bush, Reagan, Carter & Ford', 'video features Saturday Night Live stars and alumni playing the various commanders in chief, including Fred Armisen and  Maya Rudolph  as President and First Lady Obama; Will Ferrell as George W. Bush; Darrell Hammond as Bill Clinton; Dana Carvey ', 'working on a little project. We have "grown-ups 2" coming out friday. Adam sandler, david spade, chris james,  maya rudolph . And many of them will be here. The whole family. se the not so pretty truthabout their body washes. I wouldn\'t ', 'have "grown-ups 2" coming out friday. Adam sandler, david spade, chris james, maya rudolph . And many of them will be here. The whole family. se the not so pretty truthabout their body washes. I wouldn\'t change. ']