['attacks. Famous Birthdays 1925 Jack Lemmon 1931 James Dean 1932 John Williams 1940 Ted Koppel 1941 Nick Nolte 1953  Mary Steenburgen  1955 John Grisham 1955 Nancy Oliver 1960 Benigno Aquino III 1968 Gary Coleman 1970 Alonzo Mourning 1974 Seth Green ', "a la-dee-da isle named Martha that's peopled by trust-funders, celebrities (Larry David, Ted Danson,  Mary Steenburgen ) and Harvard professors pedaling three-wheeled cycles. The public, says Walsh, has historically felt sympathy ", 'so much." He also noted that as a practicing Muslim and Arabic speaker, "she\'s very conservative." Actress  Mary Steenburgen , a longtime friend of the secretary of state, said in the same article that the two women\'s relationship was ', 'so much." He also noted that as a practicing Muslim and Arabic speaker, "she\'s very conservative." Actress  Mary Steenburgen , a longtime friend of the secretary of state, said in the same article that the two women\'s relationship was ', "Chelsea Clinton's First Dance Coach: 'Dancing With the Star's' Maksim Chmerkovskiy", 'that," Brown said. "They did not succumb to the celebrity hype." Two longtime friends, actors Ted Danson and  Mary Steenburgen , were among the prominent names who did make the guest list, which included Bill Clinton\'s close friend and former ', 'that," Brown said. "They did not succumb to the celebrity hype." Two longtime friends, actors Ted Danson and  Mary Steenburgen , were among the prominent names who did make the guest list, which included Bill Clinton\'s close friend and former ', 'adviser Vernon Jordan, former Secretary of State Madeline Albright, and longtime friends actors Ted Danson and  Mary Steenburgen . Millie Martini Bratten, editor in chief of Brides magazine, said, "The entire team is all A-list, a Vera ', 'a prayer shawl - over the shoulders of his dark suit. In the moments before the wedding, stars Ted Danson and  Mary Steenburgen  arrived together holding hands. The only other bold faced names to run the gauntlet of press and gawkers was former ', 'Farrelly are also island regulars. Danson and his wife  Mary Steenburgen , considered one of the more active celebrity couples and are never hard to find, according to Wells.  MARY STEENBURGEN  and TED DANSON In addition to the rumor that avid ', "is known as a secluded area that has attracted celebrities like Jake Gyllenhall, Larry David , Ted Danson and  Mary Steenburgen . Obama Vacation: Cheap by Some Measures Dawn Bellante-Holand, the general manager of Martha's Vineyard Online ", 'FunnyorDie.com . Soon they were called to Hollywood to high-hive with the likes of Ryan Seacrest, Jamie King and  Mary Steenburgen . It wasn\'t long before they caught our attention with the release of "High-Five Inauguration" . Their Internet ', 'each other as middle-aged underachievers who still live at home with their parents, played by Richard Jenkins and  Mary Steenburgen , who meet, fall in love and get married. The two engage in a turf war of sorts over their newfound situation ', 'received money from Candace Bergen, Chevy Chase,  Mary Steenburgen , Christine Lahti, Kate Capshaw and Jamie Gertz director of "Platoon," who gave $500. Actress  Mary Steenburgen , who gave Clinton $4,600 in the first quarter ', "Ted Danson and  Mary Steenburgen  by Clinton's side when traveling to Toledo, Ohio", 'did show up. Included Vernon Jordan former secretary of state Madeleine Albright actors Ted Danson and his wife  Mary Steenburgen . The entire team is all a list of Vera Wang gown Brian finale the party planner. Jeff and coming from the George ', 'former secretary of state Madeleine Albright actors Ted Danson and his wife Mary Steenburgen . The entire team is all a list of Vera Wang gown Brian -- finale the -- party planner. Jeff -- and coming ', "capped it that way and that kept a very closely with rational people. But there were some big names about Ted Danson  Mary Steenburgen . Now big names not only that Clinton's well yes. Madeleine I was signing autographs was a lot of Happening my ", "with rational people. But there were some big names about Ted Danson Mary Steenburgen . Now big names not only -- that Clinton's well yes. Madeleine I was signing autographs -- was a lot of -- Happening ", "entire Clinton family she dealt with that time by finding solace in her face and finding strength in her Actress  Mary Steenburgen  has been friends with Clinton more than thirty years when the sirens for me is the more people who don't. Get ", "solace in her face and finding strength in her -- -- Actress Mary Steenburgen has been friends with Clinton more than thirty years when the sirens for me is the more people who don't. Get to ", "there's something. But anyway so we'll play his friend Hoffman who lives alone with his mother Clinton I'm  Mary Steenburgen  and marry He meets which my father. To island alignment. Doctor Jenkins. Doctor Robert Novak. Whose son is dale ", "play his friend Hoffman who lives alone with his mother Clinton I'm Mary Steenburgen and marry He meets which my father. To island alignment. Doctor Jenkins. Doctor Robert Novak. Whose son is dale due back in ", "damaged somewhat contentious primary. Clinton has quite an entourage with them from his wife's campaign chairman to  Mary Steenburgen  and Ted Danson. The former president playing tour guide far away from politics and back to his passion. For Good ", "has quite an entourage with them from his wife's campaign chairman to Mary Steenburgen and Ted Danson. The former president playing tour guide far away from politics and back to his passion. For Good Morning America ", "president some endorsement to the immense pride. Like Oprah Winfrey He stadiums for Barack Obama. And Ted Danson and  Mary Steenburgen  who both in Tinseltown wallets for Hillary Clinton not with the talent to work. talked about Hillary Clinton's ", "Oprah Winfrey He -- stadiums for Barack Obama. And Ted Danson and Mary Steenburgen who both in Tinseltown wallets for Hillary Clinton -- not with the talent to work. -- talked about Hillary Clinton's Rob Reiner "]