['dear friends during this difficult time." Hagman inherited the acting gene from his mother, Broadway musical legend  Mary Martin . He\'d had roles in television programs 20 years prior to "Dallas," including "I Dream of Jeannie" from 1965-70 ', 'now. Larry Hagman/J.R. Ewing Hagman, 80, inherited the acting gene from his mother, Broadway musical legend  Mary Martin . He\'d had roles in television programs 20 years prior to "Dallas," including "I Dream of Jeannie" from 1965-70 ', 'Larry Hagman/J.R. Ewing Larry Hagman. Hagman inherited the acting gene from his mother, Broadway musical legend  Mary Martin . He\'d had roles in television programs 20 years prior to "Dallas," including "I Dream of Jeannie" from 1965-70 ', 'Larry Hagman/JR Ewing Larry Hagman. Hagman inherited the acting gene from his mother, Broadway musical legend  Mary Martin . He\'d had roles in television programs 20 years prior to "Dallas," including "I Dream of Jeannie" from 1965-70 ', "Williams, Peter Pan was played by A. Clark Gable B.  Mary Martin  C. Doris Day D. Errol Flynn E. Sally Fields F. Jim little dab'll do ya 14 g - On Blueberry Hill 15 b -  Mary Martin  16 g - John, Paul, George, Ringo 17 d - Who wrote ", 'the only difference being our faces. It was blown up in The New York Times the very next Sunday. Charles was right.  Mary Martin  told me she was in Siam when our interviews were in the International Herald Tribune. I was not aware that I was that ', 'problems is a packaging where you have to pull it open and then you\'re supposed to drop it onto the sterile table " says  Mary Martin , a registered nurse with the San Diego Veterans Administration Medical Center. "[The packaging, however] makes ', 'the answer. It was scheming sister in law Kristen for Larry Hagman acting women to family his mother staged legend  Mary Martin . Hagman himself in theater before TV a five year but his major Nelson on I Dream of Jeannie. After and the genie who ', 'Kristen for Larry Hagman acting women to family his mother staged legend Mary Martin . Hagman himself in theater before TV a five year but his major Nelson on I Dream of Jeannie. After and the genie ']