['ABC; Bill Hader, "Saturday Night Live," NBC; Tony Hale, "Veep," HBO. Supporting Actress, Comedy Series:  Mayim Bialik , "The Big Bang Theory," CBS; Jane Lynch, "Glee," FOX; Sofia Vergara, "Modern Family," ABC; Julie Bowen ', 'Modern Family Bill Hader, Saturday Night Live Tony Hale, Veep Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Comedy Series  Mayim Bialik , The Big Bang Theory Jane Lynch, Glee Sofia Vergara, Modern Family Julie Bowen, Modern Family Merritt Wever, Nurse ', 'harness. What are you waiting for? Go buy some elk shoes and get practicing. We\'re Still Talking About  Mayim Bialik \'s Breasts  Mayim Bialik , the hat-wearing star of "Blossom," doesn\'t want to talk anymore about her breast-feeding her ', 'shaven in the course of the film. Science guy Bill Nye, filmmaker and comic bookstore owner Kevin Smith, actress  Mayim Bialik  and Discovery Channel\'s "Mythbusters" hosts Adam Savage and Jamie Hyneman have a hunch about how Superman gets his ', 'Hollywood mothers who practice attachment parenting. Others include singer Alanis Morissette and "Blossom" actress  Mayim Bialik . Boudreau asked McKellar how people perceived her when she was breastfeeding her son. RELATED: Alanis Morissette ', 'Credit: Gregg DeGuire/Getty Images for BWR Public Relations.  Mayim Bialik  and her husband, Michael Stone, are getting divorced, her publicist confirmed to ABCNews.com. Bialik cites "irreconcilable ', 'everybody, and then you can either take a bite out of it or just pass it on," he said. * "The Big Bang Theory" actress  Mayim Bialik  says she doesn\'t have any Thanksgiving traditions. "We\'re going up north to my in-laws this year but nothing ', "pair of sunglasses Foster Grant gifted to a celebrity at the GBK lounge in the W Hotel, one was donated to charity.  Mayim Bialik , Anthony Anderson, and Bruno Tonioli snapped up aviators and wayfarers. L'Oreal. A little pampering never hurt ", 'Supporting Actress, Comedy: Sofia Vergara Nominees are:  Mayim Bialik , "The Big Bang Theory"; Julie Bowen, "Modern Family again, Le Nguyen pointed out that a lot of folks love  Mayim Bialik  for her role in "The Big Bang Theory" and she could ', 'Jason Merritt/Getty Images Actress  Mayim Bialik  , who gained fame in the 90s sitcom "Blossom" and now appears in "The Big Bang Theory," was injured in a car accident today ', 'mother of two. Here are five things you might not know about Amanda Peet, the mom. While some Hollywood stars ( see  Mayim Bialik  ) promote the philosophy of " attachment parenting ," Peet believes you can still be a hands-on parent without adhering ', "them. That must really hurt. No. I mean, it's cartilage, it heals up fine. Okay, everybody, we want to thank  mayim bialik . Congratulations. Thank you. Go nowhere, I'm josh elliott.", "it's cartilage, it heals up fine. Okay, everybody, we want to thank mayim bialik . Congratulations. Thank you. Go nowhere, I'm josh elliott. ", 'You may remember her best as blossom nearly two decades and a doctorate landline and beyond is back in the spotlight with bulletin number of hit TV Including the Big Bang theory and the secret life of the American teenager. And she joins us talk about all the latest projects welcome back thank you', 'Actress  Mayim Bialik  talks about parenting in her new book, "Beyond the Sling."']