['did show up. Included Vernon Jordan former secretary of state Madeleine Albright actors Ted Danson and his wife  Mary Steenburgen . The entire team is all a list of Vera Wang gown Brian finale the party planner. Jeff and coming from the George ', 'former secretary of state Madeleine Albright actors Ted Danson and his wife Mary Steenburgen . The entire team is all a list of Vera Wang gown Brian -- finale the -- party planner. Jeff -- and coming ', "capped it that way and that kept a very closely with rational people. But there were some big names about Ted Danson  Mary Steenburgen . Now big names not only that Clinton's well yes. Madeleine I was signing autographs was a lot of Happening my ", "with rational people. But there were some big names about Ted Danson Mary Steenburgen . Now big names not only -- that Clinton's well yes. Madeleine I was signing autographs -- was a lot of -- Happening ", "entire Clinton family she dealt with that time by finding solace in her face and finding strength in her Actress  Mary Steenburgen  has been friends with Clinton more than thirty years when the sirens for me is the more people who don't. Get ", "solace in her face and finding strength in her -- -- Actress Mary Steenburgen has been friends with Clinton more than thirty years when the sirens for me is the more people who don't. Get to ", "there's something. But anyway so we'll play his friend Hoffman who lives alone with his mother Clinton I'm  Mary Steenburgen  and marry He meets which my father. To island alignment. Doctor Jenkins. Doctor Robert Novak. Whose son is dale ", "play his friend Hoffman who lives alone with his mother Clinton I'm Mary Steenburgen and marry He meets which my father. To island alignment. Doctor Jenkins. Doctor Robert Novak. Whose son is dale due back in ", "damaged somewhat contentious primary. Clinton has quite an entourage with them from his wife's campaign chairman to  Mary Steenburgen  and Ted Danson. The former president playing tour guide far away from politics and back to his passion. For Good ", "has quite an entourage with them from his wife's campaign chairman to Mary Steenburgen and Ted Danson. The former president playing tour guide far away from politics and back to his passion. For Good Morning America ", "president some endorsement to the immense pride. Like Oprah Winfrey He stadiums for Barack Obama. And Ted Danson and  Mary Steenburgen  who both in Tinseltown wallets for Hillary Clinton not with the talent to work. talked about Hillary Clinton's ", "Oprah Winfrey He -- stadiums for Barack Obama. And Ted Danson and Mary Steenburgen who both in Tinseltown wallets for Hillary Clinton -- not with the talent to work. -- talked about Hillary Clinton's Rob Reiner ", "endorsements the sources immense pride. Like Oprah Winfrey. You can't stadiums for Barack Obama. And Ted Danson and  Mary Steenburgen  who both in Tinseltown wallets for Hillary Clinton why not the talent to work. what the argument Hillary Rob Reiner ", "Oprah Winfrey. You can't stadiums for Barack Obama. And Ted Danson and Mary Steenburgen who both in Tinseltown wallets for Hillary Clinton why not -- the talent to work. -- what the argument Hillary -- Rob "]