['Freaks and Geeks," said the timing was a shock. She explained that on Thursday night, she and Rodriguez saw her pal  Maura Tierney \'s play "Lucky Guy" in Manhattan, and afterward they were having dinner with her sister, cousins, and Tierney ', 'Another new series, "Parenthood" has also been eagerly awaited. The premiere was pushed back from the fall when  Maura Tierney  , who starred in the pilot, had to drop out to have surgery to remove a breast tumor. She was replaced by Lauren ', 'Ferrell said he actually borrowed the getup from the closet of basketball legend Shaquille O\'Neal. The film\'s  Maura Tierney  broke news that "ER" is going back into production March 3 for six more episodes and has been given a pickup for ', "uncharacteristically playing a Hollywood prima donna) is barely limping along. Taylor's long-suffering wife, Lorraine ( Maura Tierney ), has just learned he has fallen off the wagon and lied about gambling at the track. Lorraine is about to leave ", "passed up Hill Street Blues' record of 98 nods. This year's nominations include those for recently added regular  Maura Tierney  and guest stars James Cromwell, who played a dying priest who helps Goran Visnjic's character find his faith, and ", "passed up Hill Street Blues' record of 98 nods. This year's nominations include those for recently added regular  Maura Tierney  and guest stars James Cromwell, who played a dying priest who helps Goran Visnjic's character find his faith, and ", "passed up Hill Street Blues' record of 98 nods. This year's nominations include those for recently added regular  Maura Tierney  and guest stars James Cromwell, who played a dying priest who helps Goran Visnjic's character find his faith, and ", "passed up Hill Street Blues' record of 98 nods. This year's nominations include those for recently added regular  Maura Tierney  and guest stars James Cromwell, who played a dying priest who helps Goran Visnjic's character find his faith, and ", "passed up Hill Street Blues' record of 98 nods. This year's nominations include those for recently added regular  Maura Tierney  and guest stars James Cromwell, who played a dying priest who helps Goran Visnjic's character find his faith, and ", 'Lewis rekindle their truncated romance? Will she come between Dr. Luka Kovac (Goran Visnjic) and Abby Lockhart ( Maura Tierney )? NBC is betting that millions of fans will tune in to find out.', 'Lewis rekindle their truncated romance? Will she come between Dr. Luka Kovac (Goran Visnjic) and Abby Lockhart ( Maura Tierney )? NBC is betting that millions of fans will tune in to find out.', 'Lewis rekindle their truncated romance? Will she come between Dr. Luka Kovac (Goran Visnjic) and Abby Lockhart ( Maura Tierney )? NBC is betting that millions of fans will tune in to find out.', 'Lewis rekindle their truncated romance? Will she come between Dr. Luka Kovac (Goran Visnjic) and Abby Lockhart ( Maura Tierney )? NBC is betting that millions of fans will tune in to find out.']