['"Lone Ranger" producer discusses the working relationship between Depp and his co-star Armie Hammer.', 'of "the lone ranger" himself,  armie hammer  who is with us to tell us about Shut up! Yes. And here he is,  armie hammer , the lone ranger. Thank you so ranger" rides again. Thanks to  armie hammer  and johnny depp. It opens in theaters ', 'in our audience? All of them. Fans of "the lone ranger" himself, armie hammer who is with us to tell us about taking on this iconic role. First let\'s take a look at one of the ', "No we're not. No. Yes. Shut up! Yes. And here he is, armie hammer , the lone ranger. Thank you so much for being here. Thanks for having me. I saw it last night with the family ", 'is so fun, congratulations. Everybody, "the lone ranger" rides again. Thanks to armie hammer and johnny depp. It opens in theaters nationwide on july 3rd and thank you so much for being with us. ', 'he was proud and the indian nation would be the first to see the movie and we are thrilled to tell you his co-star  armie hammer  who plays the lone ranger is joining us this morning in our next half hour live on "gma." So stay tuned for that ', 'see the movie and we are thrilled to tell you his co-star armie hammer who plays the lone ranger is joining us this morning in our next half hour live on "gma." So stay tuned for ', "I have to bring up that your great great grandfather is great great great. Which is great just great to greats just. He was great great parties agree did you didn't patted on the head LA go into acting Upgrades aren't you would if you would have had a heart attack I'm sure you're not going to do", "Fifth. Don't get a And walked back. But real life we don't from you pulled away. And perjured yourself Edgar and the lives and easily won if you continue to pursue there's no telling of course Behind each and cease to be demoted immediately but fought. Firing until John drew to would be a PR", "As we come to the end of every that I do here including with mr. I was asked the same question I ask people to express themselves in song in music something that means something to them maybe it's a song. Clyde would have To right there if it happened or anything that's actually. Can you okay a"]