['Mummy Returns. For the second week in a row, the tale of Brendan Fraser and Co. versus the evil mummy Imhotep ( Arnold Vosloo ) topped the box office with an estimated $32.2 million, although its sales were down nearly 53 percent from its ', 'Mummy Returns. For the second week in a row, the tale of Brendan Fraser and Co. versus the evil mummy Imhotep ( Arnold Vosloo ) topped the box office with an estimated $32.2 million, although its sales were down nearly 53 percent from its ', 'Mummy Returns. For the second week in a row, the tale of Brendan Fraser and Co. versus the evil mummy Imhotep ( Arnold Vosloo ) topped the box office with an estimated $32.2 million, although its sales were down nearly 53 percent from its ', 'Mummy Returns. For the second week in a row, the tale of Brendan Fraser and Co. versus the evil mummy Imhotep ( Arnold Vosloo ) topped the box office with an estimated $32.2 million, although its sales were down nearly 53 percent from its ', 'juggernaut, The Mummy Returns. For the second week in a row, Brendan Fraser and company versus the evil mummy Imhotep ( Arnold Vosloo ) topped the box office with an estimated $32.2 million, although its sales were down nearly 53 percent from its ', "Jones-like adventurer Rick O'Connell. Also returning for the sequel are Rachel Weisz, Oded Fehr, John Hannah,  Arnold Vosloo , and Patricia Velasquez, while wrestling star The Rock made his film debut as an Egyptian warrior. Universal is ", "Jones-like adventurer Rick O'Connell. Also returning for the sequel are Rachel Weisz, Oded Fehr, John Hannah,  Arnold Vosloo , and Patricia Velasquez, while wrestling star The Rock made his film debut as an Egyptian warrior. Universal is ", 'didn\'t know what it was. You wonder, \'Am I going to die here?\' I was living on toast and couscous." Actor  Arnold Vosloo  who\'s back as the evil mummy who clashes again with Rick O\'Connell (Brendan Fraser) and his now-wife, Evelyn ', "Jones-like adventurer Rick O'Connell. Also returning for the sequel are Rachel Weisz, Oded Fehr, John Hannah,  Arnold Vosloo , and Patricia Velasquez, while wrestling star The Rock made his film debut as an Egyptian warrior. Universal is ", 'didn\'t know what it was. You wonder, \'Am I going to die here?\' I was living on toast and couscous." Actor  Arnold Vosloo  who\'s back as the evil mummy who clashes again with Rick O\'Connell (Brendan Fraser) and his now-wife, Evelyn ', "Jones-like adventurer Rick O'Connell. Also returning for the sequel are Rachel Weisz, Oded Fehr, John Hannah,  Arnold Vosloo , and Patricia Velasquez, while wrestling star The Rock made his film debut as an Egyptian warrior. Universal is ", 'didn\'t know what it was. You wonder, \'Am I going to die here?\' I was living on toast and couscous." Actor  Arnold Vosloo  who\'s back as the evil mummy who clashes again with Rick O\'Connell (Brendan Fraser) and his now-wife, Evelyn ', "Jones-like adventurer Rick O'Connell. Also returning for the sequel are Rachel Weisz, Oded Fehr, John Hannah,  Arnold Vosloo , and Patricia Velasquez, while wrestling star The Rock made his film debut as an Egyptian warrior. Universal is "]