['Elaine on "Seinfeld" -- a role ultimately embodied by Julia Louis-Dreyfuss -- included Rosie O\'Donnell and  Megan Mullally . Lieutenant Columbo: Bing Crosby was offered the title role on "Columbo," but turned it down, leaving the way ', 'act out stories in different voices -- especially at Thanksgiving dinners. His knack for comedy caught the eye of  Megan Mullally , who saw him perform in a sketch comedy troupe in Los Angeles. She called Lorne Michaels, "SNL\'s" boss and ', 'quotes from one celebrity on another -- including David Letterman on Johnny Carson, Jon Stewart on Bob Newhart, and  Megan Mullally  on Carol Burnett. "Bird Songs" -- $45 "Bird Songs" includes 250 illustrations of the most notable North American ', 'She got the itch at David Letterman\'s desk.  Megan Mullally , long an audience fave on "Will & Grace," had off with her own weekday talk-variety hour, "The  Megan Mullally  Show," premiering Monday (check local listings ', 'sunk so low, producers have asked Trump to belt out a version of the "Green Acres" theme with "Will & Grace\'s"  Megan Mullally  to spice things up. Eddie Albert must be turning over in his grave. In another celebrity duet, Gary Dourdan of ', 'American Idol" -- dubbed "Emmy Idol" -- will feature "The Apprentice" star Donald Trump and "Will & Grace\'s"  Megan Mullally  singing the theme from "Green Acres." In another unlikely duet, Gary Dourdan of "CSI" and Macy Gray will belt ', "Robert Downey Jr. (Ally McBeal) and Sarah Jessica Parker (Sex and the City). Will & Grace's Debra Messing,  Megan Mullally , and Sean Hayes each received individual nominations (better luck next year to Eric McCormack). Ally McBeal is ", "Robert Downey Jr. (Ally McBeal) and Sarah Jessica Parker (Sex and the City). Will & Grace's Debra Messing,  Megan Mullally , and Sean Hayes each received individual nominations (better luck next year to Eric McCormack). Ally McBeal is ", "Robert Downey Jr. (Ally McBeal) and Sarah Jessica Parker (Sex and the City). Will & Grace's Debra Messing,  Megan Mullally , and Sean Hayes each received individual nominations (better luck next year to Eric McCormack). Ally McBeal is ", "and Grace (Debra Messing) in a bit of tizzy, we're sure. And we're betting that resident diva Karen ( Megan Mullally ) will have plenty of snide things to say about the VIP visit. After all, there's so much to dish about with the ", "and Grace (Debra Messing) in a bit of tizzy, we're sure. And we're betting that resident diva Karen ( Megan Mullally ) will have plenty of snide things to say about the VIP visit. After all, there's so much to dish about with the ", "and Grace (Debra Messing) in a bit of tizzy, we're sure. And we're betting that resident diva Karen ( Megan Mullally ) will have plenty of snide things to say about the VIP visit. After all, there's so much to dish about with the ", "and Grace (Debra Messing) in a bit of tizzy, we're sure. And we're betting that resident diva Karen ( Megan Mullally ) will have plenty of snide things to say about the VIP visit. After all, there's so much to dish about with the ", 'for breaking bad Mary Elizabeth Winston Scott Pilgrim Octavia Spencer the help. Nick offerman park and recreation  Megan Mullally  who is his wife. Whoever really knows as little in place really really lovely cannot comprehend how. How to kill ', 'Scott Pilgrim Octavia Spencer -- the help. Nick offerman park and recreation Megan Mullally who is his wife. Whoever really knows as little -- in place really really lovely -- cannot comprehend how. How to kill ', "it now a little bit about will and grace do you still keep in touch with cast members Debra Messing Sean Hayes and  Megan Mullally . We don't talk that often we actually emailed this week about something but I'm definitely coming back to New ", "still keep in touch with cast members Debra Messing Sean Hayes and Megan Mullally . We don't talk that often we actually emailed this week about something but I'm definitely coming back to New York to position ", 'ahead with real inspired by real stories of real now. That is not precious. Cheryl Hynes Jessica think Blair and  Megan Mullally  in a comedy we can all relate to do I applaud the tiny Irina gallon leaving anything Paper contain. these in the ', 'now. That is not -- precious. Cheryl Hynes Jessica think Blair and Megan Mullally in a comedy we can all relate to do I applaud the tiny Irina -- -- gallon leaving anything Paper -- contain. ', "searches would fare vs involved both view shows debuting this season and Rachel ray has forty times the searches that  Megan Mullally . And and also course of book deal a huge picture. You know she's everywhere. She's kind of love where where ", "debuting this season and Rachel ray has forty times the searches that Megan Mullally . And and also course of book deal a huge picture. You know -- she's everywhere. She's kind of love -- -- -- "]