["Inaugural , a concert at the Kennedy Center featuring performances by several artists including Jose Feliciano,  Melanie Griffith  and New York City's Ballet Hispanico. Longoria is also a co-chair of the Presidential Inauguration Committee ", 'talent because she is Jackson\'s daughter. But he said she can break out because it\'s happened before, citing  Melanie Griffith , who broke out of her mother\'s, Tippi Hedren\'s, shadow. "It happens all the time. It really takes the talent ', 'daughters who appear to be mimicking their famous moms.  Melanie Griffith  and Dakota Johnson Dakota Johnson gave her mother, actress  Melanie Griffith , a lesson in fierceness as she struck a pose at ', 'first chance to prove herself as a star. And she has a good set of genes to help her out. Her mother is actress  Melanie Griffith  and her father is actor Don Johnson. "Ben & Kate" premieres Tuesday, Sept. 25 at 8:30/7:30c on Fox.', 'Like mother, like daughter. Dakota Johnson gave her mother, actress  Melanie Griffith , a lesson in fierceness as she struck a pose at the premiere of her new film "Goats" Aug. 8. With her blonde updo and sparkling ', 'Melanie Griffith  says her family saved her. In a revealing new interview, Griffith, 54, told the Los Angeles Times , "My daughters really sat ', 'recently given a codename during President Obama\'s fundraising trip to Los Angeles last October after he and wife  Melanie Griffith  hosted a benefit at their home for the president. Banderas was given the name "Zorro," a nod to his 1998 role ', "Celebrity Spa Owner Gabriela Perez Accused of Stealing From A-List Clients' Credit Cards", 'stealing from her clients , although the criminal affidavit has named Jennifer Aniston, Cher, Anne Hathaway and  Melanie Griffith  among the alleged victims. Federal prosecutors say actress Liv Tyler was allegedly hit the hardest with $214 ', 'Tomei, Kiefer Sutherland, Jamie Foxx, Ron Howard, Steven Spielberg, Jeffrey Katzenberg, Antonio Banderas,  Melanie Griffith , Holly Robinson Peete, Tyler Perry, Nicky Hilton, Seth Rogin, Sen. Arlen Specter, D-Pa., and Sen. Christopher ', 'while introducing the video diary, which will air nationwide on NBC Friday. Hollywood friends Jacqueline Bisset,  Melanie Griffith  and Paul Le Mat, who starred with Fawcett in the 1984 TV movie, "The Burning Bed," attended the screening ', 'while introducing the video diary , which will air nationwide on NBC Friday. Hollywood friends Jacqueline Bisset,  Melanie Griffith  and Paul Le Mat, who starred with Fawcett in the 1984 TV movie "The Burning Bed," attended the screening, which ', 'he said. "But when you ignore pain and don\'t try to address it, it leads to long-term chronic disorders."  Melanie Griffith  Griffith, an Oscar-nominated actress, has long battled chronic pain and painkiller addiction. A car accident ', 'Melanie Griffith  is opening up in a revealing interview crediting her daughters with return to normalcy after a 24 year battle with addiction. Yeah.  Melanie Griffith  says her family saved The 54 year old actress says she was struggling ', "Melanie Griffith is opening up in a revealing interview crediting her daughters with saving her life she says her children. Urged her to get help to -- -- painkiller. Happens -- back. On the story that's right -- it's stunning admission from the superstar and it came out in an interview about her return to the stage. -- now she's talking about her return to normalcy after a 24 year battle with addiction. Yeah. Melanie Griffith says her family saved -- The 54 year old actress says she was struggling with addiction three years ago when her two ", "Gone through that so much so that theirs is seen in this room where come home with her daughter who's very young  Melanie Griffith . And breaking death and imagining that the birds there and yet she decides to do second film morning forehead and ", "-- -- -- come home -- with her daughter who's very young Melanie Griffith . And breaking death and imagining that the birds -- there and yet she decides to do second film morning forehead and. -- ", 'Barack Obama Appears on the Tonight Show with Jay Leno; Herman Cain Makes His Own Rules', 'campaign at. The ball on Wednesday gets fined Fundraisers hosted by will and Jada Pinkett Smith and at the home of  Melanie Griffith  and Antonio Banderas at off the record meeting with some of the most powerful people in the entertainment industry ', 'hosted by will and Jada Pinkett Smith and at the home of Melanie Griffith and Antonio Banderas at -- off the record meeting with some of the most powerful people in the entertainment industry the president ', "of spotting or at least speculating about who done what to themselves. From Teri Hatcher and Patricia Heaton to  Melanie Griffith  and Denise Richards. Some of actually come out to defend themselves against reports of surgery. It's no wonder ", "-- done what to themselves. From Teri Hatcher and Patricia Heaton to Melanie Griffith and Denise Richards. Some of actually come out to defend themselves against reports of surgery. It's no wonder -- casting notice for ", "Named in the criminal affidavit and have to share and  Melanie Griffith  she kept credit card information and then ran unauthorized stars here share and Anne Hathaway and Liv Tyler  Melanie Griffith  and and spending isn't really a Lester is is it ", 'charges. Named in the criminal affidavit and have to -- share and Melanie Griffith she kept -- credit card information and then ran unauthorized charges on credit cards. The celebrity allegedly hit the hardest actress Liv ', "big stars here -- share and Anne Hathaway and Liv Tyler -- Melanie Griffith and -- and spending isn't really a Lester is is it possible we might actually see them parade and a court. Well ", "thing we have somebody else I don't think we have the picture but someone else that strikes me as just overdoing it  Melanie Griffith  silicon mountain. Coming out of ultra like you know have a little with that outfit is have to be careful. And you ", 'the picture but someone else that strikes me as just overdoing it Melanie Griffith silicon mountain. Coming out of ultra like you know have a little -- with that outfit is have to be careful. And ', "were two people who have been on the show is gas. So my name names don't yeah the today madam the cute little mom  Melanie Griffith  said something she shouldn't have said and who is now. You have Obama said the F Susan Sarandon and she was wearing ", "my name names don't yeah the today madam the cute little mom Melanie Griffith said something she shouldn't have said and who is now. You have Obama said the F -- Susan Sarandon and she was "]