['interview these offers up some revealing news about costar  Megan Fox  in a cover story for. Magazine the admits He had a fling with costar  Megan Fox  on making the first two transformers movies. The says ', 'in his latest interview these offers up some revealing news about costar Megan Fox in a cover story for. Magazine the -- admits He had a fling with costar Megan Fox on making the first two transformers movies. The -- says the offscreen relationship helped contribute on screen chemistry. Fox has been replaced ', "gossip let's and a pop naughty but not to rob hi Andre let me I don't know not so let's start with the story about  Megan Fox . And you have the scoop as to why she was fired from transforms. Lots of stories sent. A couple of years ago American ", "I don't know not -- so let's start with the story about Megan Fox . And you have the scoop as to why she was fired from transforms. Lots of stories sent. A couple of years ago ", 'So start with the story about  Megan fox  and you have the scoop as to why she was fired from transform and lots of stories so. A couple years ago American nuns in an interview ', 'So start with the story about Megan fox and you have the scoop as to why she was fired from transform and lots of stories so. A couple years ago ', 'his new show has debuted over on current TV after He left MSNBC was some controversy. Over on Yahoo! people searching  Megan Fox  the actress apparently gates and controversial remarks. About Michael Bay when He was directing. Transformers three ', 'after He left MSNBC was some controversy. Over on Yahoo! people searching Megan Fox the actress apparently gates and -- controversial remarks. About Michael Bay when He was directing. Transformers three and why she may have ', 'Wake up with.  Megan Fox . Esquire Magazine commissioned this. Three minute video to accompany the new issue to show fans just how that 22 year old actress gets up and. Weeks each and every day.', 'Wake up with. Megan Fox . Esquire Magazine commissioned this. Three minute video to accompany the new issue to show fans just how that 22 year old actress ', 'fat. But she has a girl crack and her girl cracks is  Megan Fox . I see says she was talking to daily star she says that lesbian thing is rolling in now like Lindsay Lohan dating  Megan Fox  herself to an end. Yeah well we know mega boxer right ', "fat. But she has a girl crack and her girl cracks is Megan Fox . I see says she was talking to daily star she says that her next role she would really like to play a lesbian assassin I'm not quite sure she -- a bad idea -- silly as well lesbian thing is rolling in now like Lindsay Lohan dating Megan Fox herself to an end. Yeah well we know mega boxer right He says. She has been open about her love of ladies ", 'See outtakes from the trailer featuring Robin Williams, Josh Duhamel,  Megan Fox .', 'boring and was waiting upstairs for her. At her first awards show since having her baby, adele thanked her baby boy.  Megan fox  also turning heads, stepping out in an armani gown, just three months -- that is unbelievable -- after welcoming noah ', 'first awards show since having her baby, adele thanked her baby boy. Megan fox also turning heads, stepping out in an armani gown, just three months -- that is unbelievable -- after welcoming noah to the ', 'alternating. And this not only works the body going up and down, but also cross-plain. And this is something that  megan fox  has done. Absolutely. Especially after becoming a mom and giving birth. You want to open that core up and strengthen ', 'going up and down, but also cross-plain. And this is something that megan fox has done. Absolutely. Especially after becoming a mom and giving birth. You want to open that core up and strengthen the lower ', "blue dot that you go across angry I get apple seems so invincible than any chink in the armor and right on it anything  Megan Fox . But decidedly invincible yeah. over the last few months and I assure that they they're cupboard isn't in terms ", "than any chink in the armor and -- right on it anything Megan Fox . But -- decidedly invincible yeah. -- over the last few months and I assure that they they're cupboard isn't -- in terms ", 'was looking so well yeah kinda looks like her a little eleven or would you be the judge. Also money news this morning  Megan Fox  these sexy young actress 25 years old best known for her role the transformers. She is expecting the rumors are true ', 'eleven or would you be the judge. Also money news this morning Megan Fox these sexy young actress 25 years old best known for her role the transformers. She is expecting the rumors are true -- ', "apart. They're not that perfect all of these come within one or 2% of these ideas. Angelina Jolie. Richard Butler  Megan Fox . Night and Campbell and of course. He owns. But why do we find such symmetry irresistible. Symmetry is associated ", 'within one or 2% of these ideas. Angelina Jolie. Richard Butler -- Megan Fox . Night and Campbell and of course. He owns. But why do we find such symmetry irresistible. Symmetry is associated with health and ', "powerful bigger brains they gave us all we have the last time you had a bagel what's the big. But but but. Actress  Megan Fox  is rumored to be thing. It nutritionist and we spoke to seemed to have a new lead to problems with balances meet with ", "time you had a bagel what's the big. But but but. Actress Megan Fox is rumored to be -- thing. It nutritionist and we spoke to seemed to have a new lead to problems with -- ", 'than the first right but if you pay attention to fashion new noted that Rosie Huntington quietly the government plays.  Megan Fox  always changing from to black and I found that to be one hilarious. Story continuity but also really distracting thanking ', 'attention to fashion new noted that Rosie Huntington quietly the government plays. Megan Fox -- always changing from -- to black and I found that to be one hilarious. Story continuity but also really distracting thanking ', "we can say that she's 65. I mean she looks fantastic and obviously we've just amazing. She beat out 25 year old  Megan Fox  to win the Esquire sexiest woman a lot of competition. Clearly she's doing well we don't really know what her secret ", "fantastic and obviously we've just amazing. She beat out 25 year old Megan Fox to win the Esquire sexiest woman a lot of competition. Clearly she's doing well we don't really know what her secret to. ", "looking for one. I. Don't hear of welcoming her eyes open arms. We are rally all us guys like gap. And. You know  Megan Fox  wants to album come on get a. What you have a lot of beautiful when there already but you know you're both currently ", 'are rally -- all us guys -- like gap. And. You know Megan Fox wants to -- -- album come on get a. What you have a lot of beautiful when there already but you know ']