['at age 71, will be remembered by many as the fearless female who introduced Harry to Sally, taught Tom Hanks to woo  Meg Ryan  over email and helped two strangers fall in love in Seattle. But Ephron, whose name has become synonymous with witty ', "known for her charming romantic-comedies that often starred such silver screen icons as Meryl Streep, Tom Hanks, and  Meg Ryan , with whom she worked multiple times throughout her career. Streep starred in Ephron's first hit film, 1983's ", "Meg Ryan  's latest move -- selling her Bel Air mansion -- has some industry insiders wondering if she's setting up house with boyfriend ", 'personalities," according to legal documents obtained by TMZ. She sought spousal support along with attorney\'s fees. This would have been the third divorce for Dennis Quaid. He divorced actress P.J. Soles in 1983 and  Meg Ryan  in 2001.', "Cedars-Sinai Medical Center in Los Angeles. The Quaids later sued the hospital and drug manufacturer and won $750,000. This is Quaid's third divorce. The 57-year-old actor divorced  Meg Ryan  in 2001 and actress P.J. Soles in 1983.", 'song from the film, "Top Gun." Doesn\'t Romney remember what happened to Goose? He died ! How could they do that to  Meg Ryan ? But I digress. ... Often, campaign songs become synonymous with campaigns. In the past, FDR used "Happy Days ', "pivotal roles of District 11 tributes Rue and Thresh. Also cast: Leven Rambin and Jack Quaid (son of Dennis Quaid and  Meg Ryan ) as District 1 tributes Glimmer and Marvel. That's eight main characters cast in a movie that I suspect will be as popular ", 'Daytime Emmy nomination for best young actor for the role.  Meg Ryan  Before she became America\'s sweetheart in films like Sleepless in Seattle" and "You\'ve Got Mail,"  Meg Ryan  played Betsy Stewart on "As the World Turns" from 1982 ', "Space Shuttle Discovery: What Do Astronauts Do When There's Nothing They Can Do?", 'Shuttle Discovery Counts Down for First Time Since November; Launches Scrub Half the Time', "as a delightfully single woman. How long will I remain DS? I'll get back to you on that one. Right now, I've gotta run. My popcorn's ready, the fireplace is cracking, and that  Meg Ryan  flick on my DVR is not gonna watch itself.", 'dirt about some of the famously fin icky diners. "The hollywood reporter" reveals all, special requests that rival  meg ryan \'s in "when harry met sally. A la mode. But I\'d like the pie heated and I don\'t want the ice cream on top, but ', 'fin icky diners. "The hollywood reporter" reveals all, special requests that rival meg ryan\'s in "when harry met sally. A la mode. But I\'d like the pie heated and I don\'t want the ice cream on ', "here I write so well I have news action so there when Harry met Sally and he a little ditty about Jack and I Now actress  Meg Ryan  and rocker boyfriend John Mellencamp maybe thanking their relationship. I'm not its biggest insult her belly Anderson ", "he -- a little ditty about Jack and I -- Now actress Meg Ryan and rocker boyfriend John Mellencamp maybe thanking their relationship. I'm not its biggest insult her belly -- Anderson for in the air ", "Really been awhile since  Meg Ryan  made any headline event This is weird though I have to say that all of us heard this we hot. apparently  Meg Ryan  is now what John Cougar Mellencamp. Won't really that is why such ", "Really been awhile since Meg Ryan made any headline event -- This is weird though I have to say that all of us heard this we -- hot. -- apparently Meg Ryan is now what John Cougar Mellencamp. Won't really that is why such an unlikely couple keep in mind heat just separated from ", "Tom Hanks and  Meg Ryan  just had a brief reunion about. 200 million miles from any movie theater on Earth's two asteroids named after the actor's ", "Tom Hanks and Meg Ryan just had a brief reunion about. 200 million miles from any movie theater on Earth's two asteroids named after the actor's past ", "a highly quotable blend before we leave what's your favorite quote. Favorite well it was actually not mine and when  Meg Ryan  said take me to better lose me forever this is something I don't get here very often. Thank you so much happy Valentine's ", "quote. -- Favorite well it was actually not mine and -- when Meg Ryan said take me to better lose me forever this is something I don't get here very often. -- Thank you so much ", "parental guidance. I I what I read that you never worked together before. Never came up you know you know you you had  Meg Ryan  knew what a me and I older and that's typical. Hard to believe it was more than two decades ago when Harry met Sally ", "Never came up you know you know you -- -- you had Meg Ryan knew what a -- -- me and I -- older and that's typical. -- -- -- -- Hard to believe it was ", 'Crystal a credible leading man. With Tom Hanks it was less of a stretch thinking about Seattle. He starred opposite  Meg Ryan  and was films in sleepless in Seattle playing a man who is single through no fault of his zone. I just went somewhere ', 'it was less of a stretch thinking about Seattle. He starred opposite Meg Ryan and -- was -- -- films in sleepless in Seattle playing a man who is single through no fault of his zone. ']