['presidential election. Barack Obama was the first African-American president of the United States. Famous Birthdays 1918  Art Carney  1969 Sean Combs 1969 Matthew McConaughey 1970 Bethany Frankel 1975 Curtis Stone 1979 Jesse Camp View more videos from ', "included cameos from respected Hollywood actors like  Art Carney , Diahann Carroll and Bea Arthur. A popular '70s rock when Chewbacca's father, Itchy, is given a gift by  Art Carney  that is a virtual reality sex tape involving Diahann ", 'In an online chat at the Washington Times today the most famous plumber since  Art Carney , Toledo\'s own Samuel Joseph "Joe the Plumber" Wurzelbacher, expressed some mighty skepticism about Sen. Barack Obama, D-Ill ', 'Wookies. LINDELOF: Yes, with the Wookies. And it was otherwise completely forgettable. It was like Bea Arthur and  Art Carney  were like guest stars on it. But you were so hungry for new Star Wars content between "Star Wars" and "Empire Strikes ', 'said at a pitch session. "It won\'t be nearly as funny. And we\'ll never find stars to equal Jackie Gleason and  Art Carney . So here\'s what we\'ll do instead: we\'ll charge people $8 to see it!" "The Honeymooners" ended up grossing ', 'became the Governator and everyone seemed to need more Nemo. Finally, we lost a lot of great folks this year Bob Hope,  Art Carney , Katharine Hepburn, Johnny and June Carter Cash, Maurice Gibb, Fred Rogers, Gregory Peck, Celia Cruz, John Ritter ', 'Plus: The Strippers Union, an Accidental Penis Shortening and a Toilet Paper Caper', 'Plus: The Strippers Union, an Accidental Penis Shortening and a Toilet Paper Caper', "And basic ingredients in the last thing you get your secret here. Pardon did get normally editorial issue OK let's  Art Carney  in the recipe there. About what you really you really have paprika. You know that's kind of a nation carrier. You ", "-- your secret here. Pardon did get normally editorial issue OK let's Art Carney in the -- -- -- recipe there. About what you really you really have paprika. You know that's kind of a nation ", "idea of it didn't stop there. They brought in other real life Hollywood actors guest spots actors with taste like  Art Carney  Carroll in BR there. Yeah. It all God the glory and even with all the ugly as meanest billions in the country and Bjork ", 'other real life Hollywood actors -- guest spots actors with taste like Art Carney -- Carroll in BR there. Yeah. It all -- God the glory and -- even with all the ugly as -- meanest ', "idea it didn't stop there. They brought in other real life Hollywood actors per guest spots actors with taste like  Art Carney  Diane Carroll. In Bea Arthur. All God the and touch me and with all the ugly as the meanest billions in the country ", 'other real life Hollywood actors per guest spots actors with taste like Art Carney Diane Carroll. In Bea Arthur. -- All -- God the -- and touch me and with all the ugly as the meanest ']