['want is a stylish exit. This way, your ex can see you carting off to your new life fashionably and without a care.  Nancy Sinatra \'s 1966 single, "These Boots Are Made for Walkin\'," became the quintessential breakup song for women looking ', 'latest album joined Miley\'s on Billboard\'s Top 20, the only father-daughter team to do that since Frank and  Nancy Sinatra . Both Billy Ray and Miley begin concert tours this fall. "Hannah Montana" is breaking cable ratings records and ', 'Made for Walkin\' Simpson wowed some 6,000 fans in Bryant Park by singing "These Boots Are Made For Walkin," the  Nancy Sinatra  song she re-recorded for "Dukes." She also performed "With You" from her last album "In This Skin," which ', 'just-recorded duet with Robbie Williams for his upcoming album of Sinatra songs. "It\'s a remake of the Frank and  Nancy Sinatra  duet, \'Something Stupid,\'" she said. "I did it very quickly one afternoon, but I have no desire to be a singer ', 'just-recorded duet with Robbie Williams for his upcoming album of Sinatra songs. "It\'s a remake of the Frank and  Nancy Sinatra  duet, \'Something Stupid,\'" she said. "I did it very quickly one afternoon, but I have no desire to be a singer ', 'just-recorded duet with Robbie Williams for his upcoming album of Sinatra songs. "It\'s a remake of the Frank and  Nancy Sinatra  duet, \'Something Stupid,\'" she said. "I did it very quickly one afternoon, but I have no desire to be a singer ', 'just-recorded duet with Robbie Williams for his upcoming album of Sinatra songs. "It\'s a remake of the Frank and  Nancy Sinatra  duet, \'Something Stupid,\'" she said. "I did it very quickly one afternoon, but I have no desire to be a singer ', 'just-recorded duet with Robbie Williams for his upcoming album of Sinatra songs. "It\'s a remake of the Frank and  Nancy Sinatra  duet, \'Something Stupid,\'" she said. "I did it very quickly one afternoon, but I have no desire to be a singer ', 'just-recorded duet with Robbie Williams for his upcoming album of Sinatra songs. "It\'s a remake of the Frank and  Nancy Sinatra  duet, \'Something Stupid,\'" she said. "I did it very quickly one afternoon, but I have no desire to be a singer ', 'upcoming release Swing While You\'re Winning. According to The Associated Press, they are performing the Frank and  Nancy Sinatra  tune "Something Stupid." Let\'s hope that\'s not what critics will say about Kidman\'s attempts at pop stardom ', 'that summer on the Cazeaux jukebox were Whiter Shade of Pale by Procol Harum, and These Boots Were Made for Walkin by  Nancy Sinatra . The French played those two songs over and over again, the music punctuated by the sonic booms from French air force ', 'appetites by checking out the animated Rugrats in Paris, in theaters Nov. 17, which features Halliwell\'s cover of  Nancy Sinatra \'s "These Boots Are Made for Walking." The soundtrack which also features TLC vocalist Tionne "T-Boz" Watkins ', 'now I really like a lover genius and having of should just love in. And then answer really like. Lee Hazelwood and  Nancy Sinatra  recently came There that I had they are here but even before I knew they were in the film my friend introduced me and ', '-- just love in. And then answer really like. Lee Hazelwood and Nancy Sinatra recently came -- -- There that I had they are here but even before I knew they were in the film my ', "left you in the last half hour as 1967. You're doing  Nancy Sinatra  I was on the Hollywood Palace that yes exactly you CA it was rich. And there I was trying to impersonate  Nancy Sinatra  helpless. get for giving us the color behind it because ", "left you in the last half hour as 1967. You're doing -- Nancy Sinatra I was on the Hollywood Palace that yes exactly -- you CA I know what you're actually -- watching it. -- -- because you know and is -- being paid a hundred dollars a week actually I think it was ninety's when they took -- the taxes and everything and yeah and I have my two kids to support I was a -- one bedroom apartment it was it was rich. And there I was trying to impersonate Nancy Sinatra -- helpless. -- get for giving us the color behind it because we don't know those things we did see you only "]