['Prepon was a member of the cast of the long-running Fox sitcom "That \'70s Show" that also starred Topher Grace,  Ashton Kutcher , Danny Masterson, Mila Kunis and Wilmer Valderrama. They have all continued to work since the show went off the ', 'and movie actors have appeared in the catalogs, long before they were famous. Jennifer Lawrence, Channing Tatum,  Ashton Kutcher , January Jones, and Taylor Swift are among the celebrities who have posed for the brand. Click here to see these ', '(Photo credit: Open Road Films) When  Ashton Kutcher  was photographed shooting the Steve Jobs biopic "Jobs" last year, fans buzzed that the physical resemblance between the two ', "Image Credit: Eric Charbonneau/Getty Images  Ashton Kutcher  and Mila Kunis were spotted vacationing with Britain's Princess Beatrice of York and her boyfriend Dave Clarke in Saint Tropez ", 'in SPACE!!" he tweeted. The "Beauty and a Beat" singer will join fellow stars Leonardo DiCaprio, Tom Hanks,  Ashton Kutcher , Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie who have reportedly also bought tickets to space. (Mikko Stig /AFP/Getty Images ', 'rocket-powered SpaceShipTwo start at $250,000 per person, and other celebs who have reportedly expressed interest are  Ashton Kutcher  and Leonardo DiCaprio. If test flights continue to go well, Space.com reports that Bieber and others may be able ', 'though it\'s been a while since funnyman Jim Carrey has starred in a new movie, the actor and director has an active social media presence, posting tons of photos on his Facebook fan page, which has almost 700,000 "Likes."  Ashton Kutcher', "Faden said. Last year a 12-year-old was arrested for placing a hoax 911 call that sent a SWAT team to the home of  Ashton Kutcher  . The staff in Kutcher's home was detained at gunpoint before the police determined the call had been a hoax.", 'it today. In addition to "iSteve," there are two other Steve Jobs biopics on the horizon. "jOBS," starring  Ashton Kutcher  as Steve Jobs, was due out on April 19, but was recently delayed. Aaron Sorkin is also writing a Steve Jobs film ', 'site\'s so-called "secret files" claim to reveal everything from how much Kim Kardashian pays for her car lease to  Ashton Kutcher \'s American Express bill and even Paris Hilton\'s credit score. Beyonce, Jay Z, Mel Gibson, Britney Spears ', "Michelle Obama, Joe Biden and Other Celebrities' Personal Information Allegedly Hacked", 'site\'s so-called "secret files" claim to reveal everything from how much Kim Kardashian pays for her car lease to  Ashton Kutcher \'s American Express bill and even Paris Hilton\'s credit score. Beyonce, Jay Z, Mel Gibson, Britney Spears ', 'much for an apple a day keeping the doctor away:  Ashton Kutcher  says he became ill on an all-fruit diet while preparing out of whack. It was really terrifying." Photos:  Ashton Kutcher  as Steve Jobs According to Walter Isaacson\'s 2011 ', "struck him as inaccurate were the personalities.  Ashton Kutcher  portrays Jobs as a tech visionary, a role Jobs didn't scene and the entire film might be great. PHOTOS:  Ashton Kutcher  as Steve Jobs The movie, which is being released ", 'com. A movie trailer for the new Steve Jobs film has been released exclusively audience to grant the jumpstart  Ashton Kutcher  as Steve Jobs it hits theaters August 16. And for those who technology vinyl appears to be making a comeback universal ', 'Jobs film has been released exclusively audience to grant the -- jumpstart Ashton Kutcher as Steve Jobs it hits theaters August 16. And for those who -- technology vinyl appears to be making a comeback universal ', "out of new technology. The movie about steve jobs is the first to debut its trailer on inst it shows 15 seconds of  ashton kutcher  in the title role with words of inspiration. Take a look. Here's the crazy part. The rebels. The people who ", "first to debut its trailer on inst it shows 15 seconds of ashton kutcher in the title role with words of inspiration. Take a look. Here's the crazy part. The rebels. The people who are crazy ", "Back everybody politicians scuttlebutt in the skated today and we have some do that all you.  Ashton Kutcher  Demi Moore thing about whether together what's gone all but apparently. the rumors of his infidelity been running rampant now ", "in the skated today and we have some do that all you. Ashton Kutcher Demi Moore thing about whether -- -- together what's gone all but apparently. -- the rumors of his infidelity been running rampant ", "producers have Two and a Half Men have finally found a big starts Charlie I think that's a pretty good drum roll please  Ashton Kutcher  is reportedly putting the finishing touches on a deal to join me. Top rated show this fall culture has millions on ", "I think that's a pretty good -- -- -- drum roll please Ashton Kutcher is reportedly putting the finishing touches on a deal to join me. Top rated show this fall culture has millions on Twitter ", 'instagramedkaty perry, saying whose broad straps and broad stars. And I like that he returns to his hometown in iowa,  ashton kutcher , to celebrate the fourth. The hollywood couple dreed down, took part in the parade, laughing with locals and driving ', 'stars. And I like that he returns to his hometown in iowa, ashton kutcher , to celebrate the fourth. The hollywood couple dreed down, took part in the parade, laughing with locals and driving a monster truck. ', "W.A.T. Team descending on  ashton kutcher 's mansion, storming his home highest-paid actor on television,  ashton kutcher . A massive police response don't know who sent it. Three of  ashton kutcher 's employees were forced out ", "that may have been a high-stakes hoax. A s.W.A.T. Team descending on ashton kutcher's mansion, storming his home after reports of shots fired. David wright has this story. Reporter: The lapd is taking this very seriously. A manhunt under way for the people responsible. This is a new kind of prank called s.W.A.T.Ing. Spending a special weapons and tactics team to an unsuspecting doorstep. In this case, the doorstep belonged to hollywood's highest-paid actor on television, ashton kutcher . A massive police response, including a s.W.A.T. Team, paramedics and a dozen l.A. Police officers. Gathering like heavily-armed paparazzi, outside the hollywood home of a star. Officers at hollywood station received a message through the tdd, which claimed that people had broken into the home. And they heard at least three shots. Reporter: The report came in on a teletype for the hard of hearing. Police say they don't know who sent it. Three of ashton kutcher's employees were forced out of the residence and detained at gun point. Someone called to mr. Kuchar. He sent his assistant out ", 'latest on the rumored row mans between mila kunis and  ashton kutcher . For months, they claimed to be just friends. Rachel planted on the a-list, it appears mila kunis and  ashton kutcher  are rekindling their romance in real life and on the ', "on the latest on the rumored row mans between mila kunis and ashton kutcher . For months, they claimed to be just friends. Rachel smith has the details. Reporter: We met her as jackie. Hello, boys, it's ", 'on-screen kiss. Firmly planted on the a-list, it appears mila kunis and ashton kutcher are rekindling their romance in real life and on the road. They were spotted at the airport, reportedly jetting off for a ']