['make Oswald relatable. "You will look at him and say, \'I\'ve been there or I\'ve felt that,\'" he said.  Michelle Trachtenberg  plays Oswald\'s wife, Marina. She said about 80 percent of her dialogue in the movie is in Russian and she ', "Parrilla, Once Upon a Time Janel Parrish, Pretty Little Liars Krysten Ritter, Don't Trust the B- in Apt. 23  Michelle Trachtenberg , Gossip Girl Choice TV Female Scene Stealer Candice Accola, The Vampire Dairies Dianna Agron, Glee Sarah Hyland ", '1946 Daryl Hall 1962 Joan Cusack 1965 Luke Perry 1967 Artie Lange 1968 Jane Krakowski 1969 Stephen Moyer 1985  Michelle Trachtenberg  Jump back to Oct. 10: Day in History . View more videos from This Month in History: October .', "Last year, he married actress Clare Grant.  Michelle Trachtenberg  Fun fact: Vampire slaying is genetic. It made sense, then, to introduce  Michelle Trachtenberg  as Dawn, Buffy's little sister, in season ", "on since 1968, launched the careers of some of today's biggest stars, including Sarah Michelle Gellar,  Michelle Trachtenberg , Melissa Leo, Josh Duhamel, Eva LaRue, Christian Slater, Rosie O'Donnell, Kim Delaney and Amanda Seyfried ", 'Jackson Could now be played by: Katherine Moennig,  Michelle Trachtenberg , Jessica Alba "Smart Angel" Sabrina Duncan balance of clever and coy. Anyone who\'s seen  Michelle Trachtenberg  in action as Georgina Sparks on "Gossip Girl ', 'Anthony Kiedis, Ashton Kutcher, Adam Levine, Laura Linney, Eva Longoria, Tobey Maguire, Demi Moore, Natalie Portman, Giovanni Ribisi, Ethan Suplee, Kyra Sedgwick,  Michelle Trachtenberg , Usher, and Forest Whitaker. - jpt', 'not discount talent. Surprisingly, DJ AM has dated a lot of young Hollywood hotties. He\'s been spotted with  Michelle Trachtenberg , Kristen Cavalleri (they say they\'re "just friends"), model Lauren Hastings and now ... Mandy Moore ', 'show has managed to capture a flicker of glamour from the SATC divas. With the addition of my two girlfriends,  Michelle Trachtenberg  and Lydia Hearst, the feverish pitch of hype and buzz surrounding the show is at the ultra max: from trickin ', 'As the seductress on "Sex and the City," Kim Cattrall would do just about anything but cheat and steal. Now, as a figure skating coach in "Ice Princess," she\'s playing a character with an entirely different set of loose morals. You won\'t see a skater conspiring to have a rival bashed in the knees.', 'withdrawn. Mrs. Dorfman! Get your kid a comedy! Maybe he can learn to ice skate. Grade: B- The Ice Princess  Michelle Trachtenberg  learned to skate, and look what happened to her. Eight months of training spun her from the little sister on ', 'Ploy So do we start accusing Buffy of pandering to pre-teens? Coupled with the addition of 14-year-old  Michelle Trachtenberg  (of Harriet the Spy fame) next season it does look like the 4-year-old cult show is losing its edge. No ', "We turn actress  Michelle Trachtenberg  she played nurse Chloe Payne a nineteen newcomer to hospital staff of She's also been a recurring guest star on the CW hit show ", "We turn -- actress Michelle Trachtenberg she played nurse Chloe Payne a nineteen newcomer to -- hospital staff of -- -- She's also been a recurring guest star ", "sixties that. You say that you read the book before being capped a role but did you also watch the other adoption.  Michelle Trachtenberg  the F really great but I want to just sort of never really fresh take I don't want to be influenced by anybody ", "capped a role but did you also watch the other adoption. -- Michelle Trachtenberg the F -- really great but I want to just sort of never really fresh take I don't want to be influenced "]