['Bachelor," had been a last-minute cast addition on season 8 of "Dancing With the Stars." She replaced contestant  Nancy O \' Dell , who injured her knee just days before the season premiere. Rycroft and Dovolani placed third that season. Johnson ', 'The Bachelor" crumbled in front of television audiences. Rycroft was tapped to replace injured season 8 contestant  Nancy O \' Dell  at the last minute and the rest is history. Instantly a fan favorite, Rycroft and her professional partner Tony Dovolani ', 'anymore. You are done and that\'s one you don\'t ever want to go," Ann Romney told "Entertainment Tonight\'s"  Nancy O \' Dell , describing in detail how her MS may limit the time she spends on the trail with her husband. Romney said that before ', 'she kept it to herself. "I was quite fatigued, and I knew I couldn\'t quit," Romney told the show\'s host,  Nancy O \' Dell , in an interview set to air Thursday. "I didn\'t tell anybody I was tired." Romney was diagnosed in 1998 with multiple ', 'fatigued and I knew I couldn\'t quit. I didn\'t tell anybody I was tired," Romney told "Entertainment Tonight\'s"  Nancy O \' Dell , when asked how her multiple sclerosis diagnosis affects her time on the trail. "I just kept going, I kept going ', 'separated shoulder which was caused by work on the show.  Nancy O \' Dell  and Jewel These two were axed from season eight before hit the dance floor. "Entertainment Tonight" host  Nancy O \' Dell  twisted her knee and went under the knife for a torn meniscus ', "ET), a new show that features high-end technology makeovers in the homes of celebrities such as Oliver Stone and  Nancy O ' Dell . Check it out: A golden perspective? Metalheads. That's what social critic Thomas Frank, writing in Harper'sMagazine ", 'Ben Sherwood, president of ABC News, sent the following email to staff announcing the return of Lara Spencer to "Good Morning America": I\'m writing with exciting news about the GMA family. In May, our very own Lara Spencer will come home to ABC News as Good Morning America\'s lifestyle anchor. In', "will do his best to trip the light fantastic with other celebs including Belinda Carlisle, Denise Richards, Jewel,  Nancy O ' Dell , and L'il Kim. I'm sure many of you find this news very funny, but as a journalist I need to ask many serious ", 'holds the distinction of being the only female emcee to receive five mics from Source magazine.  Nancy O \' Dell  Entertainment watchers know  Nancy O \' Dell  as the host of "Access Hollywood." The red-carpet regular gives the dish on Tinsletown\'s ', "smile can be mustered at 8 p.m. Three busy women --  Nancy O ' Dell , dress designer Julie Haas and Banana Republic's show the AP how to dress for all-day success.  Nancy O ' Dell  has the luxury of a secondary closet, the wardrobe ", "I hear a voice a woman's voice. It's garbled at first, but the words are clear as I begin to focus. It is  Nancy O ' Dell  on Access Hollywood, and she's saying Michael Jackson is a father again. I am now awake from my blissful state ", "you're seeing a couple more regularly hears about so couples here Belinda Carlisle believes they're the go those.  Nancy O ' Dell  co anchor of access Hollywood's. Look at them Grammy Award winning rapper. Shawn Johnson seventeen years old the ", "hears about so couples here Belinda Carlisle believes they're the go those. Nancy O'Dell co anchor of access Hollywood's. Look at them -- Grammy Award winning rapper. Shawn Johnson seventeen years old the youngest contestant ever ", "already some big shake ups took the celebrities jewel and  Nancy O ' Dell . Had to drop out because of serious injuries. And while rehearsing for Dancing With The Stars so anchor  Nancy O ' Dell . Rumors are bit the last minute celebrity replacements ", "Cha there already some big shake ups took the celebrities jewel and Nancy O'Dell . Had to drop out because of serious injuries. And we're gonna hear more about who might really be replacing them but -- ", "from injuries while rehearsing for Dancing With The Stars so -- anchor Nancy O'Dell . Rumors are bit the last minute celebrity replacements Melissa right -- from the bachelor and Holly Madison of Playboy fame have had "]