["Eli Lilly and Co said its experimental Alzheimer's drug slowed cognitive decline in patients with a mild form of the disease, though it failed key trial goals, sendi...", 'Plenty of pesky germs plague people during the winter months. Blame cold- and flu-causing viruses that thrive when people spend more time indoors together. But colds...', 'Heartburn-like pain is a common symptom of gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD). But several other conditions can cause a burning feeling in your chest.Most of the...', 'Smokers tend to suffer heart attacks years earlier than non-smokers, suggests a new study from Michigan."Individuals who smoke are much more likely to have a heart a...', 'February is Heart Health Month, putting the spotlight on the No. 1 cause of death for both men and women in U.S.Coronary artery disease, also known as coronary heart...', 'A heart attack, or myocardial infarction, is often spurred by a blood clot that prevents blood, and life-giving oxygen, from reaching the heart. Heart disease, accor...', 'In 1990, Dr. Marianne Legato, founder of the Partnership for Gender-Specific Medicine at Columbia University, was asked by the American Heart Association (AHA) to re...', "For decades, scientists have been working to develop medical therapies from the body's own stem cells. Promising new treatments are finally moving through clinical t...", 'Angina affects nearly 7 million people in the United States, according to the National Heart Lung and Blood Institute (NHLBI). Angina is a condition characterized by...', 'Patients who suffer from chronic, severe refractory angina can now see improvements in chest pain and exercise tolerance by receiving injections of their own CD34+ s...', 'Prescriptions for niacin have jumped in recent years, raising questions about whether the more than $900 million the United States now spends yearly on the vitamin i...', 'Fewer people in the U.S. report having angina or a heart attack, though the South continues to be a hot spot for heart troubles.So says the CDC in its latest Morbidi...', "The radiation that might cure a breast cancer may also raise a woman's risk of having a heart attack or heart disease later in life, according a new study that looke...", "Women suffering symptoms of a heart attack are more likely than their male counterparts to dial 911 - but there's a lot of room for improvement for men and women, al..."]