['Carolina Panthers head coach Ron Rivera handed rookie quarterback Cam Newton the keys to the car this summer, and the No. 1 pick of the 2011 NFL Draft has left every...', 'The Carolina Panthers got back to work this week after a few days off to spend time with family and friends. Wide receiver Steve Smith even attended a Renaissance Fe...', 'Lauren Sivan, Paul Mecurio, Gavin McInnes and Michael Moynihan discuss a report saying the US leads the world in anxiety', "Alabama earned its way into the BCS title game this year. AJ McCarron's go-ahead 45-yard touchdown pass to Amari Cooper with 3:15 remaining lifted No. 2 Alabama to a...", 'The host committee for the Democratic National Convention in September says it is moving Opening Day ceremonies from a race-car track outside Charlotte, N.C., into t...', 'Los Angeles Mayor Antonio Villarraigosa, who will chair the Democratic National Convention here in September, on Tuesday urged Hispanics in North Carolina to vote "f...', 'Just a few months ago, a game between the Jacksonville Jaguars and Carolina Panthers would have been a quarterback matchup between Jimmy Clausen and David Garrard . ...', 'Playing hard has been a continuing problem, according to Tampa Bay Buccaneers head coach Raheem Morris .Losing has been an ongoing issue as well for the Bucs, who lo...', 'Nice record, kid. Now have a seat.The specifics may be different, but the gist may not when it comes to the interaction this week between New Orleans Saints head coa...', "Four people were arrested Wednesday as they tried to force their way into the annual Bank of America shareholders' meeting in Charlotte. Police used a new ordinance ...", "Five Cheapest Football StadiumsAs most football fans can attest, the NFL is an investment from just about any perspective. There's the emotional investment of watchi...", "And now some fresh pickings from the Political Grapevine...[fnvideo 1387118121001]Reach for the SkyboxesPresident Obama's re-election campaign is reportedly consider...", 'And now some fresh pickings from the Political Grapevine...[fnvideo 1398252340001]Preaching PoliticsSenior White House adviser Valerie Jarrett is defending remarks s...', "Atlanta Falcons running back Michael Turner was the focal point of last season's offense and helped the team capture the top seed in the conference that year. Though..."]