['well as the "The Blotter," the Investigative Unit\'s widely-read webpage on ABCNEWS.com. Hughes won a 2006  Gracie Allen Award  for the "20/20" and "Nightline" reports "The Dark Side of Cancun," where she traveled to Mexico, shooting ', "Britney Spears' Ex, Jason Alexander, Reflects on 55-Hour Marriage: 'I Was in Love'", "Dennis Rodman and Carmen Electra. But Rodman and Electra are a regular Burns and Allen (that's George Burns and  Gracie Allen , kids, who stayed married 38 years until her death) compared to Britney and Jason. Britney Spears and her childhood ", 'murder of an off-duty policeman in Georgia after the U.S. Supreme Court denied a last-minute stay.  Gracie Allen  In 1940,  Gracie Allen , the female half of the comedy team Burns and Allen, announced her intention to run for president on the ', 'Bud Abbott and Lou Costello, Dean Martin and Jerry Lewis, Dan Rowan and Dick Martin, and even George Burns and  Gracie Allen . In another way, though, Tom was being painfully honest. Part of the Smothers Brothers did die when CBS wrested ', "Jackson's final resting space, but the mausoleum contains the bodies of many of old Hollywood's elite, including  Gracie Allen , George Burns, Nat King Cole and Walt Disney. Prior to the service, officials amended Jackson's death certificate ", 'Rogers accepted and vowed, "If elected, I shall resign." Even comediennes have sought the political spotlight.  Gracie Allen  ran on the Surprise Party ticket in 1940. "If you can\'t write your name, you can vote with an X," she campaigned ', 'immediate playability in Guitar Hero III. Jessica Simpson / Do You Know (Released Sept. 9) The transition: The former  Gracie Allen -styled Newlywed is slipping on her Daisy Dukes. Now that the sparkle has dimmed from her dance-pop days, the Texas ', 'Headliner Award : Nigerian Internet Scams: "Mugus and Masters" -- Watch the "20/20" Investigation. 2007  Gracie Allen Award  : The Lydia Cacho Story -- Cancun Revealed -- Watch the "Nightline" Report. 2006 Peabody Award : Conduct Unbecoming ', "veritable festival celebrating Spam. You can hear the first radio advertisement for the product. George Burns and  Gracie Allen  were the pitchmen. You can see how the cans have evolved. There's a puppet show, a cyber-diner, a movie theater ", 'a pain in the ass." 38 Years: George Burns and  Gracie Allen  In 1922, when they started in vaudeville, George Burns had the funny lines and  Gracie Allen  played it straight. But George found that Gracie got ', 'security blanket as Schroeder plays "Amazing Grace" on a toy piano. 4. Say Goodnight, Gracie: George Burns and  Gracie Allen \'s signature joke became lingerie, thanks to a Palisades, Calif., entrepreneur who trademarked the comic quip in ', 'something in a time capsule one piece what would it be? HEWITT: It\'s George Burns taking Ed Bradley up to Forest Lawn to  Gracie Allen \'s mausoleum walking up, putting his hand up, and he said, "Googie, this is Ed Bradley from 60 Minutes, he\'s ', 'Investigative Journalism; a 2002 IRE award for  Investigative Reporting ; and a 2002  Gracie Allen Award . Ross uncovered new information for Ross solidified his reputation for  investigative reporting  by breaking stories such as the 1980 ', "me I I agree are parallels aren't they Parts of the big yellow crowned vexing. The on the side of the got on one last look at the Dow down about a 120 points at 121908. Alan Raymond from Bloomberg TV always  Gracie Allen  rainy day you do.", 'about a 120 points at 121908. Alan Raymond from Bloomberg TV always Gracie Allen -- -- -- rainy day you do. ', "George Burns burns often said that  Gracie Allen  was his only true love. Though He called his greatest talent.  Gracie Allen  you know Gracie I'm beginning the final good night in 1958.  Gracie Allen 's death in 1964 devastated burns ", "right -- -- the final good night in 1958. -- -- -- Gracie Allen's death in 1964 devastated burns and his career faded but ten years later another loss brought him back. His best friend Jack ", "final resting place. Secretary behind Nat King Cole  Gracie Allen  George Burns in the inspections say keep us finding issue. It's difficult to see the names Nat King Cole  Gracie Allen  and George Burns are all here. About blockbuster ", "will be Michael Jackson's final resting place. Secretary behind Nat King Cole Gracie Allen George Burns in the inspections say keep us finding ways it's gonna be looking. For this statute. Inside the freedom mausoleum we find this step issue. It's difficult to see the names Nat King Cole Gracie Allen and George Burns are all here. About blockbuster. Please get Wright sermons. Yeah. This man these directions we would absolutely be sunk "]