['A new look for a newly-married lady!  Melissa Gilbert  chopped off her long locks and debuted a new, chic summer haircut recently via her Instagram page. "Yay!" she wrote next to ', 'That\'s what a fun-loving couple they are," Thornton said. "They make the best of everything." READ MORE:  Melissa Gilbert : Why I Wore Red to My Wedding Thompson says the entire wedding day had been shrouded in clouds and light rain but ', '(Photo credit: @MelissaEGilbert/Twitter) When  Melissa Gilbert  tied the knot with "Thirtysomething" star Timothy Busfield, she eschewed the traditional white wedding dress in favor of a red ', 'Ortega/Getty Images Wearing a red strapless gown,  Melissa Gilbert  exchanged wedding vows with "Thirtysomething" star Little House on the Prairie" star in red. PHOTOS:  Melissa Gilbert  Through the Years Gilbert, 48, and Busfield, 55 ', 'Livingston/Getty Images) Laura Ingalls has found love.  Melissa Gilbert , of "Little House on the Prairie" fame, is engaged actress confirmed the news to Us Weekly . RELATED:  Melissa Gilbert  Through the Years The couple, who were engaged over ', "Navratilova, actor Jack Wagner, talk show host Sherri Shepherd, and singers Gavin DeGraw and Gladys Knight, actress  Melissa Gilbert , Disney star Roshon Fegan, and TV personality Maria Menounos have already been eliminated this season. Tonight's ", 'give them all the power, not 98 percent," Chmerkovskiy said. Chmerkovskiy and his celebrity partner, actress  Melissa Gilbert , were voted off the hit ABC show Tuesday night in a dramatic double elimination. Disney star Roshon Fegan and his ', "'Dancing With the Stars': Melissa Gilbert  and Roshon Fegan Voted Off in Week 8 of Season 14", 'Adam Taylor/ABC Actress  Melissa Gilbert  and Disney star Roshon Fegan were both eliminated on "Dancing With the Stars" tonight after earning the two lowest combined judges ', "Maria needed to be better technically and have more power behind her movement. Her performance was a 9 in my book.  Melissa Gilbert  and Maks Chmerkovskiy's Foxtrot . Melissa is holding her own in the package, not even attacking back, so good ", "'Dancing With the Stars': William Levy Gets Perfect Score, Leads the Pack in Week 8", "earned 25 points, for a night's total of 53 points.  Melissa Gilbert : Gilbert's had a few missteps in the beginning Fegan and Chelsie Hightower: 29, 27: Total: 56  Melissa Gilbert  and Maksim Chmerkovskiy: 24, 27: Total: 51 Katherine ", "'Dancing With the Stars': Melissa Gilbert  and Maksim Chmerkovskiy Dish on Season 14", 'ABC Actress  Melissa Gilbert  has been a surprise on ABC\'s "Dancing With the Stars," overcoming injury, tough judges\' critiques and low scores on the ', "'Dancing With the Stars' Season 14: Jaleel White Voted Off in Week 7 of Season 14", "of it not been that the audience likes to here but  Melissa Gilbert  apparently was rushed to the hospital after don't yet heals quickly so. But you know warm thoughts to  Melissa Gilbert  here. But not warm thoughts and I love Morgan say ", "middle of it not been that the audience likes to here but Melissa Gilbert apparently was rushed to the hospital after -- don't let. An early injury she's really the military a hard time apparently this ", 'better and yet heals quickly so. But you know warm thoughts to Melissa Gilbert here. But not warm thoughts and I love Morgan say nothing is one of the best actors out there but this story ', "'Dancing With the Stars' Recap: Melissa Gilbert  Goes to Hospital; Donald Driver Shirtless Dance Impresses", 'Stars last night and they did get a little rocky for  Melissa Gilbert  and Max she was rushed to the hospital. The broadcasting channeled their. And more to remember. Former child star  Melissa Gilbert  to the hospital. After her paso doble. Yourself ', "The Stars last night and they did get a little rocky for Melissa Gilbert and Max she was rushed to the hospital. The broadcasting to hear about that a lot of drama on the dance floor to talk about it all but Carson. And -- and just a moment but first campus that a take a look back sports. The competition caught fire as the stars channeled their. And more to remember. Former child star Melissa Gilbert -- to the hospital. After -- her paso doble. Yourself in the as a precaution she's gone to the hospital to get ", "Six couples left on dancing with the stars and we are back now with what could be the most tenacious  Melissa Gilbert  They've talked it out for eight weeks despite worst injuries and some scored from the judges. And our special correspondent ", "back now with what could be the most tenacious -- -- -- Melissa Gilbert -- -- -- They've talked it out for eight weeks despite -- worst injuries and some scored from the judges. And our ", "light. Have an opinion pretty close he was gone and  Melissa Gilbert . This is not a shocker here and who watched the show pack it up so they movement was Sean Fagan there and  Melissa Gilbert 's back to the prairie she is at half past. Thank ", "light. Have an opinion -- -- pretty close he was gone and Melissa Gilbert . This is not a shocker here and -- -- -- who watched the show more regularly than I do -- like he had always time for her. To pack it up so they movement was Sean Fagan -- -- there and Melissa Gilbert's -- back to the prairie she is at half past. Thank you survive their injuries as she hit her head Lennar as ", 'Melissa Gilbert , Roshon Fegan join partners in chat about experience on "DWTS."', 'now. Gwyneth paltrow, on the red carpet. And  melissa gilbert . And great to have larry hackett of "people should all be so lucky. How about hearing about  melissa gilbert ?  Melissa gilbert , "of little house on the prairie," marries ', 'hottest storiyiyies trending right now. Gwyneth paltrow, on the red carpet. And melissa gilbert . And great to have larry hackett of "people" magazine back with us. Good to be here. Your cover right there, gwyneth paltrow. ', 'this point. We should all be so lucky. How about hearing about melissa gilbert ? Melissa gilbert , "of little house on the prairie," marries timothy busfield, 30-something, and "the west wing." They announced their engagement in january. And they\'ve ', "for a very long morning. Reporter: Over the years, other injured stars haven't been that lucky. In season 14,  melissa gilbert  had to miss one night of competition, after suffering a concussion and whiplash during the paso doble. Missy may-treanor ", "the years, other injured stars haven't been that lucky. In season 14, melissa gilbert had to miss one night of competition, after suffering a concussion and whiplash during the paso doble. Missy may-treanor had to stop "]