["who half those people were. And so I would hear these names and I would be like, 'Who is that?' I think she says  Greta Garbo  and Monroe -- I thought she was saying Ann Monroe, and I don't know who Ann Monroe is, but at the time, that's ", 'Friends," to make a splash and also stay modern. Call it a game-changing innovation such as when the silent film star  Greta Garbo  started doing "talkies." "Thomas is like Garbo," said Chris Byrne, content director of Timetoplaymag.com ', 'was the food editor at McCall House Beautiful. And she lived in 52nd street, in the building where  Greta Garbo  lived. I used to see  Greta Garbo  walking outside there. And, uh, so I became very [good] friends with Helen, who was never married ', 'ABBA , Alfred Nobel, Bjorn Borg,  Greta Garbo  -- Sweden has many famous faces. But there might be one character whose ways in the kitchen have made him one of the best-known ', "got the Oscar, a great dossier and a great box office track record. She doesn't care. I find her like a modern [ Greta ]  Garbo  -- Garbo with a family. I think everyone is fretting but Julia Roberts. With the right project she could come back ", 'Hotel Drama/romance, 1932. An all-star cast plays out the soap opera inside Berlin\'s most luxurious hotel.  Greta Garbo , playing an eccentric dancer, utters her famous line, "I want to be alone." John Barrymore plays an upper-crust ', 'is natural, particularly when it comes to the female form exaggerated through a movie lens. In 1931, for example,  Greta Garbo  cut a dangerous figure as a German spy in "Mata Hari." And Lynda Carter\'s voluptuous body was accentuated in the ', 'said. Crawford\'s dark-haired beauty contrasted with  Greta Garbo \'s angular features and thin physique. "The word glamorous time," Banner said, "and it was perfect to describe  Greta Garbo ." But pretty soon both of those women took a back seat ', "Chateau infamous, but it was already legendary for its list of famous residents from Hollywood's past -- Errol Flynn,  Greta Garbo , Boris Karloff, Marilyn Monroe, Clark Gable, Carol Lombard -- to its present -- Robert De Niro, Jessica Lange ", 'over the last century, has arranged funerals for such luminaries as Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis; actors James Cagney,  Greta Garbo , and Joan Crawford; composers Irving Berlin, George Gershwin, Igor Stravinsky and John Lennon; wild west legend ', 'Hotel Drama/romance, 1932. An all-star cast plays out the soap opera inside Berlin\'s most luxurious hotel.  Greta Garbo , playing an eccentric dancer, utters her famous line, "I want to be alone." John Barrymore plays an upper-crust ', 'flowing gowns and tiny tattoos, and users with programming and Photoshop skills can reshape themselves into a virtual  Greta Garbo  or just about any shape imaginable. With a little cash, users can also have people like Alderman transform the avatars ', "federal government is now investigating them doesn't seem to concern the likes of cats with names like Rita Heyworth,  Greta Garbo  and Charlie Chaplin. Terry Curtis is a veterinary behaviorist flown in by the U.S. Department of Agriculture this ", "only as face. But it wasn't beauty alone that made  Greta Garbo  famous He was also glamour and mystery. At the height by fans and photographers for the past four decades.  Greta Garbo  kept to herself and pictures speak for her. Ron Claiborne ", "referred to only as face. But it wasn't beauty alone that made Greta Garbo famous He was also glamour and mystery. At the height of her career in the 1930s. She was one of the biggest ", 'anybody. Although stalked by fans and photographers for the past four decades. Greta Garbo kept to herself and -- pictures speak for her. Ron Claiborne ABC news New York. ', "house counsel Liberty's to limit the hotels like the like the Fairmont. In that Santa Monica the and our Fairmont.  Greta Garbo  lived there for years is live their non back. And it's almost like your personal assistant pick up the phone and ", "like the Fairmont. In that Santa Monica the -- and our Fairmont. Greta Garbo lived there for years -- -- is live their -- non back. And it's almost like your personal assistant pick up the ", "When I think about what are about to see I'm reminded that I never got that big interview with Jacqueline Onassis.  Greta Garbo . But now I had some consolation. Ladies and gentlemen. My interview with the test. in the bill that I am like intimidated ", "I'm reminded that I never got that big interview with Jacqueline Onassis. Greta Garbo . But now I had some consolation. Ladies and gentlemen. My interview with the test. -- -- -- -- in the bill that ", 'the hare fly along with show business like the lions from the was at a loss. Looking dude all of them. And a listing  Greta Garbo  weekly pay for 1920s silent movie. We as the preeminent facility. The collecting vast quantities of material on all ', 'a loss. Looking dude -- all of them. And a -- listing Greta Garbo weekly pay for 1920s silent movie. We -- as the preeminent facility. The collecting -- vast quantities of material on all aspects ', 'and that movie that won best picture was way back in 1932 it was called grand hotel. Company decided not to nominate  Greta Garbo  no wonder she wanted to be see that that little piece of trivia and love that movie trivia yeah so every year the Oscar ', '1932 -- it was called grand hotel. Company decided not to nominate Greta Garbo no wonder she wanted to be -- -- -- -- see that that little piece of trivia and love that movie trivia ', "the Hollywood starlets and stars I knew hapless people were and so I would hear these names in the You know she like  Greta Garbo  and Monroe I purchasing and Monroe I don't know who and is but at the time I thought that's who a lot of the names ", "would hear these names in the -- You know she -- like Greta Garbo and Monroe I purchasing and Monroe I don't know who and -- is but at the time I thought that's who -- ", "the middle of the Hollywood starlets and stars I people were and so I would hear these names in the You know she like  Greta Garbo  and Monroe I purchasing and Monroe I don't know who and is but at the time I thought that's who that was a lot of ", "would hear these names in the -- You know she -- like Greta Garbo and Monroe I purchasing and Monroe I don't know who and -- is but at the time I thought that's who that "]