["death. Following his death, cast members, including Florence Henderson, who played his wife on the show, and  Barry Williams , who played Greg Brady, acknowledged that he was a closeted homosexual. Olsen wrote in last Wednesday's post ", 'website . "A couple bits were a little bit too frantic ... but I think that\'s possibly your best dance so far."  Barry Williams , who played Henderson\'s TV son, Greg Brady, was a surprise guest on the show. Henderson referred to Williams ', 'completed our six kids in The Brady Bunch: Maureen McCormick (Marcia), Eve Plumb (Jan), Susan Olsen (Cindy),  Barry Williams  (Greg), Christopher Knight (Peter), and Mike Lookinland (Bobby). The casting god must have smiled on me since ', 'some people were thinking that, but that\'s OK. It\'s fun!" Henderson was referring to her famous "date" with  Barry Williams , who played her son on "The Brady Bunch." She indulged the then-15-year-old\'s crush by accepting a date ', 'abused," she told Diane Sawyer in an interview.  Barry Williams Barry Williams , known as Greg Brady on "The Brady Bunch going to go anywhere," he said on his Web Site  Barry Williams .com. He also claims he went on a date with TV ', 'When the e-mail story pitch arrived to say that  Barry Williams , who played Greg Brady on "The Brady Bunch" was want to just come in superficially: \'Hi, I\'m  Barry Williams  and you\'re not,\' and have it be a real self-serving ', 'revelation to fans of the show that life behind the scenes was not as wholesome as the scripted half-hour plots.  Barry Williams , who played oldest brother Greg Brady, revealed in his 1992 autobiography, "Growing Up Brady," that he had been ', 'literature teacher. He will soon appear in the independent film Party Monster, his first movie in nearly a decade.  Barry Williams  Highlight: As Greg Brady on The Brady Bunch, he was the groovy oldest brother. Low Point: Williams worked consistently ', 'possession. Convicted of assaulting and robbing a transvestite prostitute in 1991. Recently: Bonaduce, now 43, took on  Barry Williams , formerly of The Brady Bunch in the Fox special, Celebrity Boxing. He wrote an autobiography, Random Acts of Badness ', 'I never challenged him, says Henderson. I had a lot of compassion for him because I knew how he was suffering.  Barry Williams , who played Greg Brady, was friends with Reed for decades, but they never discussed his sexuality. Robert didn ', 'I never challenged him, says Henderson. I had a lot of compassion for him because I knew how he was suffering.  Barry Williams , who played Greg Brady, was friends with Reed for decades, but they never discussed his sexuality. Robert didn ', "the scoop. really want the scoop on here is whether they're really was any affair between Florence Henderson and  Barry Williams  of course click drag. It is mind there was yeah it is my. Yeah because then he he he took her out on quote today ", "here is whether they're really was any affair between Florence Henderson and Barry Williams of course click drag. It is mind there was yeah it is my. Yeah because then he he he took her out ", "and it was very important to me to be dance to admit that theme song and dedicated to him. And you also got to have  Barry Williams  of course who played Thank you know you're very coy about your relationship. With Greg can you tell us how do you ", "song and -- dedicated to him. And you also got to have Barry Williams of course who played -- Thank you know you're very coy about your relationship. With Greg can you tell us how do ", "Marcia in the Brady Bunch has a new tell all book out she writes about a life of parties drugs and sex. Including  Barry Williams  who played Greg marshes on screen brother. Marcia Marcia Marcia. Also rising is Ringo Starr He doesn't wanna hear ", "she writes about a life of parties drugs and sex. Including -- Barry Williams who played Greg marshes on screen brother. Marcia Marcia Marcia. Also rising is Ringo Starr He doesn't wanna hear from you anymore "]