['Actress discusses taking a risk in using American Sign Language and subtitles on ABC Family\'s "Switched at Birth."', 'voice that you hear threw out is a guy that has by in the last twenty years Zain is Jack. And He is her interpreter.  Marlee Matlin  wowed the audience last week during her debut on Dancing With The Stars. In perfect step with your partner. Living ', 'the last twenty years Zain is Jack. And He is her interpreter. Marlee Matlin wowed the audience last week during her debut on Dancing With The Stars. In perfect step with your partner. Living with -- ', 'Lived in U haul trucks be no Mans auto race is very hard but. While the transgender Chaz Bono and hearing impaired  Marlee Matlin  and amp Heather Mills were all fan favorites. Only the wounded war hero turned soap star JR Martinez. But if you ', 'is very hard but. While the transgender Chaz Bono and hearing impaired Marlee Matlin and amp -- Heather Mills were all fan favorites. Only the wounded war hero turned soap star JR Martinez. -- -- But ', "going. Flying by we have. Shannon Elizabeth she won an accounting rule of 86 each other novelists are Scott actress  Marlee Matlin . Tony award winning actress from probably after the pair's break Marisa Jaret Winokur we have Chris Sonoma cheese ", "an accounting rule of 86 -- each other novelists are Scott actress Marlee Matlin . Tony award winning actress from probably -- after the pair's break Marisa Jaret Winokur we have Chris Sonoma cheese. The US Olympic ", "on the red carpet. I can't tell you. For every perfect post their red carpet some surprises you. Oscar winner  Marlee Matlin  showed your party news and Kristin Chenoweth even sang the song on AM yeah. Eight Are rated stars gave glitter glamour ", 'every perfect post their red carpet -- some surprises you. Oscar winner Marlee Matlin showed -- your party -- news and Kristin Chenoweth even sang the song on AM yeah. Eight -- Are rated stars gave ', "the and actresses Priscilla Presley and Shannon Elizabeth. A Tony award winner Marissa Jaret Winokur. Oscar winner  Marlee Matlin . Fabian Sanchez is the newest on our show so you've got the new guy. I get the new guy at rookie get He how's ", "Jaret Winokur. -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- Oscar winner Marlee Matlin . Fabian Sanchez is the newest -- on our show so you've got the new guy. I get the new guy at rookie ", "now we saw grant now. We we think needs help who we think has the edge going forward is that the emotional favorite  Marlee Matlin  or do you think you go the Yamaguchi what do you think. They can go either way and I'm really looking forward to ", "we think has the edge going forward is that the emotional favorite Marlee Matlin or do you think you go the Yamaguchi what do you think. They can go either way and I'm really looking forward "]