['website of L\'Express that Bonaparte would be "turning in his grave" to see Hayek knighted. Hayek isn\'t the first actor to receive the honor. Past honorees include Clint Eastwood,  Marlene Dietrich , Robert Redford, and Jerry Lewis.', 'host to entertainment legends Bob Hope, Lucille Ball, Jackie Gleason, Judy Garland, Milton Berle, Jerry Lewis,  Marlene Dietrich , Debbie Reynolds and many others. It was also featured in numerous movies including "Goldfinger," "Midnight ', 'host to entertainment legends Bob Hope, Lucille Ball, Jackie Gleason, Judy Garland, Milton Berle, Jerry Lewis,  Marlene Dietrich , Debbie Reynolds and many others. It was also featured in numerous movies including Goldfinger, Midnight Cowboy ', 'many an evening. For the full Sao Paulo experience, go on a Thursday or Sunday, when a samba band plays live . As  Marlene Dietrich  once said, "Rio is a beauty but Sao Paulo... Sao Paulo is a city."', 'stars. Sinclair Lewis wrote to praise Hemingway\'s writing: "Jesus, that\'s a great book, \'Bell Tolls.\'"  Marlene Dietrich  sent a "million kisses" from the Plaza Hotel in New York to her "Dearest beloved Papa." And Ingrid Bergman ', 'harmonica and piano. Dylan made more than 40 albums and wrote hundreds of songs that were recorded by everyone from  Marlene Dietrich  ("Blowin\' in the Wind") to Jimi Hendrix ("All Along the Watchtower"). The Beatles and the Rolling Stones ', 'fictional gathering of boxer Sugar Ray Robinson hoisting a glass along with actors Rita Hayworth, W.C. Fields,  Marlene Dietrich , songwriter George Gershwin, and authors Fitzgerald and Ernest Hemingway. There are photos of actors Paul Newman ', 'redefine femininity after the austerity of the war years? Who knows. But check out Ronald Coleman\'s slugs and  Marlene Dietrich \'s sliver in Kismet, and you\'re left in no doubt who\'s man, who\'s women and the gulf between. "Then in ', 'called him "Papa." The relationship between famed American writer Ernest Hemingway and German film and singing star  Marlene Dietrich  spanned 30 years, and included a series of private letters that adds to the debate about the extent of their relationship ', 'Captain about a year before the birth of Apple. She recently signed on to star in a biopic of legendary screen goddess  Marlene Dietrich . Paltrow is no stranger to iconic roles, having portrayed poet Sylvia Plath. In Sky Captain, Jude Law plays daredevil ', "for a father has some advantages. Lessons for Dylan is punctuated with great stories, featuring Orson Welles,  Marlene Dietrich , Brad Pitt, Stevie Wonder and the Beatles. Siegel candidly addresses the end of his marriage to Dylan's mom and ", "for a dog's life. At the legendary Hotel Lancaster in Paris, pets and their owners can stay in the very room  Marlene Dietrich  called home for three years. The concierge even provides an extra-cushy $80-a-day pet bed with nightly chambermaid ", 'I was first introduced to  Marlene Dietrich  by Tallulah in the lobby of Look what you just did to  Marlene Dietrich  and Carol Channing. I love being grouped with  Marlene Dietrich  and Lucille Ball. Nice company ', "Budget Botox: Woman Invents $25 Bungee 'Face-Lift' Device to Replace Expensive Plastic Surgery", "little device striking a cord with women everywhere. It's been a well-kept secret in hollywood for decades.  Marlene dietrich  was said to have done this years ago. Red doctor if I extreme roller coaster? They are wilder, faster and", "with women everywhere. It's been a well-kept secret in hollywood for decades. Marlene dietrich was said to have done this years ago. Red doctor if I extreme roller coaster? They are wilder, faster and ", "I'll let me when I mean those pictures different wonder all our something like this. Which is kind of you know  Marlene Dietrich  kind of French parent. Could give you I don't quite look like but thanks. Next week what more thank you can call ", "all our something like this. Which is -- kind of you know Marlene Dietrich kind of French parent. Could give you -- I don't quite look like -- but thanks. Next week what more -- -- ", "of women will. Women who would aspire to Elizabeth's. Wardrobe can do it by being strategic about it the great  Marlene Dietrich  icons once said. It is worth saving up for the one amazing dress that of the finest fighters you in mind ten years ", "Elizabeth's. Wardrobe can do it by being strategic about it the great Marlene Dietrich -- -- icons once said. It is worth saving up for the one amazing dress that of the finest -- fighters you ", "he'll do this but you know women to place. All season and have about it. I knew I remember hearing you want to do  Marlene Dietrich  sing take me out to the ballgame and. Six patients when we do when he did that. The harvest my Nicholas now has ", '-- about it. I knew I remember hearing you want to do Marlene Dietrich sing take me out to the ballgame and. Six patients -- -- -- -- when we do when he did that. The ', "anxious I may. This is let's face it so lucky to have this has been lenient. Control and  Marlene Dietrich  I remember hearing you want to do  Marlene Dietrich  take me out to the ballgame. Don't anything. Okay. From I think this yeah. That's ", "so lucky to have -- this has -- been lenient. Control and Marlene Dietrich I remember hearing you want to do Marlene Dietrich -- take me out to the ballgame. -- -- -- -- -- -- Don't anything. Okay. From -- -- -- I think ", "bonus spread inside the magazine sporting a somewhat androgynous look wearing a black hat jacket and tie inspired by  Marlene Dietrich . the top spot among the rich and famous featured in the magazine's international best dressed list for 2006 ", "somewhat androgynous look wearing a black hat jacket and tie inspired by Marlene Dietrich . -- -- the top spot among the rich and famous featured in the magazine's international best dressed list for 2006. Issue hits "]