['closed the performance with moves reminiscent of Jackson\'s classic "Billie Jean" routine. "Nashville\'s"  Hayden Panettiere  introduced Macklemore & Ryan Lewis singing "Thrift Shop" live from the Tryst nightclub at Wynn Las Vegas. Country ', '(Ameri/SBMF/FAMEFLYNET PICTURES) Love appears to be back in the air for  Hayden Panettiere  and ex-boyfriend Wladimir Klitschko. The pair, who split in June 2011 after two years of dating, were spotted kissing at the ', 'Performance by an Actress in a Supporting Role in a Series, Mini-Series or Motion Picture Made For Television  Hayden Panettiere , "Nashville" Archie Panjabi, "The Good Wife" Sarah Paulson, "Game Change" Maggie Smith, "Downton Abbey ', 'Daryl Hannah and 7 Other Celebs Arrested While Crusading for a Cause, 2 With Close Calls', 'nuclear test site during an anti-nuclear protest, the Associated Press reported.  Hayden Panettiere \'s Close Call ABC\'s "Nashville" star,  Hayden Panettiere , 23, garnered worldwide attention when she was part of a group of protesters from ', 'or so and when people tune in they\'ll see this on the stage," Kimmel said. Morgan continued to lay there as  Hayden Panettiere  and Connie Britton presented the award for Outstanding Writing for a Drama Series. Kimmel\'s next bizarre stunt ', 'Girl." "The New Normal" premieres Tuesday, Sept. 11 at 9:30/8:30c on NBC. Nashville Connie Britton and  Hayden Panettiere  star in ABC\'s musical drama following the country music industry. Britton plays Rayna James, a country superstar ', 'Jackson, Jake Owen and Kellie Pickler will be on hand to give out trophies. Other presenters include actresses  Hayden Panettiere , Denise Richards and Ashley Greene. Dax Shepard, Tom Arnold, Steve Austin, Indy 500 winner Dario Franchitti ', 'The Associated Press reported that Cromwell, now 72, was released five hours later.  Hayden Panettiere , Arrest Warrant "Heroes" star  Hayden Panettiere , 22, garnered worldwide attention when she was part of a group of protesters from the ', '2009. Her lawyers have demanded that producers of the movie, "Amanda Knox: Murder on Trial in Italy," starring  Hayden Panettiere  as Knox, block its distribution in Italy and immediately remove all images and video of it from the Internet. The ', 'court on Monday as her lawyers try to block the Lifetime movie "Amanda Knox: Murder on Trial in Italy" starring  Hayden Panettiere  from airing in Italy. Her lawyers also want Google and YouTube to remove clips of the movie from the internet and ', 'A convicted child murderer testified in an Italian courtroom today that American college student Amanda Knox was not involved in the 2007 murder of her roommate. Mario Alessi, who was convicted in the kidnapping and murder of an Italian toddler, said he was told by drifter Rudy Guede that Knox and', "music, but with her success came frequent travel and work, which might have put a strain on her relationship.  Hayden Panettiere  and Wladimir Klitschko These two shared a 15-inch height difference, but the vertical challenge didn't stop ", 'led to at least eight books and a Lifetime TV movie, "Amanda Knox: Murder on Trial in Italy," which starred  Hayden Panettiere  as Knox and premiered earlier this year. A Hollywood film is reportedly a possibility. Knox Makes Emotional Plea ', 'Thank you, everybody. Now, we turn to  hayden panettiere . She\'s gone from playing a cheerleader in "heroes" to a hit sensation making trouble on "nashville." And she\'s here live ', 'Thank you, everybody. Now, we turn to hayden panettiere . She\'s gone from playing a cheerleader in "heroes" to a hit sensation making trouble on "nashville." And she\'s here live to tell ', "Music Awards on the herd is in the spotlight. The man totally naked interrupted the show last night while actors  Hayden Panettiere  was presenting the awards that can't you. He's your day filing hands the microphone he extended and scandalous ", "The man -- totally naked interrupted the show last night while actors Hayden Panettiere was presenting the awards that can't you. He's your day filing -- hands -- the microphone he extended and -- -- scandalous ", 'skinny and of course just come up in the last couple of months of this controversial movie. About Amanda Knox of  Hayden Panettiere  playing the lead character in this about the girl accused of killing her roommate in. And while Lloyd in Italy and ', 'last couple of months of this controversial movie. About Amanda Knox of Hayden Panettiere playing the lead character in this about the girl accused of killing her roommate in. And while Lloyd in Italy and an ', "somebody play ill when name but it never met don't know you it's it's bizarre it's surreal. In the film  Hayden Panettiere  plays Amanda Knox she told eighteen TV her hope was the family wouldn't be a. it's a very controversial. Topic ", "don't know you it's it's bizarre it's surreal. In the film -- Hayden Panettiere plays Amanda Knox she told eighteen TV her hope was the family wouldn't be a. -- it's a very controversial. Topic and ", "this thing like with lifetime I think has them. Do nothing trying to make about. And it's disgusting. Actress  Hayden Panettiere  defends the film it's a very controversial. Topic night I don't think people are gonna have. A problem with ", "them. Do nothing -- trying to make about. And it's disgusting. Actress Hayden Panettiere defends the film it's a very controversial. Topic night I don't think people are gonna have. A problem with -- it's. Pretty ", 'Beth Cooper. Head cheerleader Beth played by heroes  Hayden Panettiere  decides to Hubert I hatch out with him at his movie Columbus his body of work. Two out of five. While that  Hayden Panettiere  actually share is here his Also out this week the ', "notably. I love you Beth Cooper. Head cheerleader Beth played by heroes Hayden Panettiere decides to Hubert -- I hatch out with him at his movie quoting best friend rich predictably this doesn't sit well with best crazy -- up boyfriend. Compared to. -- a -- is obviously adorable but there's really nothing to love about Beth Cooper. A big disappointment considering director Chris Columbus his body of work. Two out of five. While that Hayden Panettiere actually share is here -- his -- Also out this week the Hurt Locker yeah it's got a funny name I know "]