['I think we need some. Get some "pop news" now.  Halle berry \'s fiance olivia martinez is putting a wring on it. E! News announces they are tying the knot this weekend. They got engaged ', 'I think we need some. Get some "pop news" now. Halle berry\'s fiance olivia martinez is putting a wring on it. E! News announces they are tying the knot this weekend. They got engaged ', "that emotional testimony from  halle berry , pushing for stricter laws to fight. Out of the way. Reporter:  Halle berry  has had enough of this. And this he would try to snap pictures of  halle berry 's children outside of school ", "that emotional testimony from halle berry , pushing for stricter laws to keep paparazzi away from her child. Abc's nick watt has the latest on her fight. Out of the way. Reporter: Halle berry has had enough of this. And this. And this. The incident at l.A.X., She shared with california lawmakers late tuesday. I have ", 'and i asked him if he would try to snap pictures of halle berry\'s children outside of school. The financial I\'m going to get out of that is not worth the hassle of hearing her yell at me. Reporter: Let\'s say the shot of halle berry and her kids was going to get you 100 grand? I\'ll take the shot, in a heartbeat. I\'ll take two shots. Reporter: And taking pictures of someone\'s child is legal. A first amendment right. I understand that the media has rights and I respect them. We have a love/hate relationship. I need them. They need me. And this bill would not infringe on their right. Reporter: Halle berry is saying, you can take my children\'s pictures. Just back off. Way off. For "good morning america," nick watt, abc news, new ', 'superstar  halle berry . She joins fellow oscar winner tom on-cam transformations. Reporter:  Halle berry  may be recognized in roles like "die in general, how are things going for  halle berry ? It\'s okay. Just living life. Reporter ', 'superstar halle berry . She joins fellow oscar winner tom hanks playing different characters over 12 centuries. And cameron mathison got the on-cam transformations. Reporter: Halle berry may be recognized in roles like "die another day." And monster ball. You make me feel real good. Reporter: On the set ', "in her life. Reporter: Just in general, how are things going for halle berry ? It's okay. Just living life. Reporter: It's easy to think, wow, halle berry's got it made. Do you have it made? It's what having it made is. Do I have a daughter that is the ", "The actress falls in love with a hosts' dog and learns to make taquitos on 'Despierta America'", 'Hi welcome to the every line so how is now seeking aid. Restraining order from my Operate be Deborah robbery because of an altercation that took place on Thanksgiving. Day what happened Gabriel Aubrey was dropping off little And then that morning and that he was confronted by her new fiance Olivia', "Gabriel Aubry held on a misdemeanor-battery charge after fistfight with the actress' fiance, Olivier Martinez.", 'Actress Halley Berry in Los Angeles filming her latest movie has reportedly been rushed to the hospital after an accident on the set. TMZ is reporting that she hit her head on the concrete after falling she was rushed. To cedar Sinai hospital in Los Angeles shortly after the fall around 10 PM there', 'Halley Berry hopes the third time is the charm and her quest for love the Oscar winning actress is engaged. Us weekly scored the their latest issue actor Olivier Martinez popped the question over the holidays. He reportedly gave Barry a one of the kind ring after being with her more than a year.', "the nanny just 53 and according to the police report cool breeze and weapon of choice from people who have been around  Halle Berry  say she's a great mom there are people who you know say that dead Gabrielle. You know has a temper flies off the ", "choice -- -- -- -- -- from people who have been around Halle Berry say she's a great mom there are people who you know say that dead Gabrielle. You know has a temper flies off ", 'Halley Berry is going to give married to one more try the Oscar winning actress is engaged to actor Olivier Martinez. Martinez confirmed the news over the weekend while promoting his new South Beach restaurant Mary Martinez met on the set of the 2010 film dark tonight. Barry has been married twice', "Welcome back everybody got out kinda revealing some personal information we out of known about her in the one time particularly in her. A high school years she was actually believe it brand look her players he says I wanted to be a skinny little ballerina but I wasn't voluptuous little Italian girl", 'Time to get you all caught up on the latest celebrity news that would have rabbit from weekly here with hi happy new happy new year to we have some happy news to start with lots of engagement the bearing in a sense. gas weekly broke the story Halley Berry is now engaged to Olivier Martinez. Her', "Man has been arrested for allegedly harassing an Oscar winner holly Barry. She says she He terrorized her on her own property three times within three days. ABC's Brian Owens joins us from LA with the latest good morning Ryan. Robin good morning to you Halley Berry says she is extremely frightened", 'Actress plays a southern white woman and a 70\'s stripper in "Frankie and Alice."', "He that he know he was. Key. He was so good. At it you. This that come back here. And sometimes to safety. It does come back usually because people bring it up to me. And in an as the years go by and make further and further away from that moment. I'm often reminded of it and I do you have to how.", "Halley Berry is set to face her former boyfriend Gabriel Aubrey in court over custody of their two year old daughter Berry's rep told us weekly that the actress had to pull out of filming the flick New Year's this week. Because there is pending litigation involving her daughter. Her went on to say"]