["has led some to call for a boycott. There were no signs of protest Wednesday as young stars Asa Butterfield and  Hailee Steinfeld  and the film's director, Gavin Hood, began to promote the sci-fi adventure film based on Card's novel. The ", "has led some to call for a boycott. There were no signs of protest Wednesday as young stars Asa Butterfield and  Hailee Steinfeld  and the film's director, Gavin Hood, began to promote the sci-fi adventure film. There was a full day of questions ", "in her sister's footsteps as the face of Jacobs' fall 2011 campaign , while her fellow young costar, actress  Hailee Steinfeld , 14, is the face of the Miu Miu fashion line. Some say the grown-up beauty portrayed by the likes of Elle, Hailee ", 'the ads she took out in the Hollywood trades promoting herself backfired. The race was opened up to competitors  Hailee Steinfeld  ("True Grit"), Helena Bonham Carter ("The King\'s Speech"), her fighter co-star Amy Adams and Jacki ', 'the ads she took out in the Hollywood trades promoting herself backfired. The race was opened up to competitors  Hailee Steinfeld  ("True Grit"), Helena Bonham Carter ("The King\'s Speech"), her fighter co-star Amy Adams and Jacki ', 'actress statue since the nominations were announced. But there are late-in-the-game whispers about newcomer  Hailee Steinfeld  in the Coen Brothers\' western, "True Grit." Also, in the Hollywood-is-just-high-school-with-money ', 'crumbling of a couple\'s marriage, joins them in the annals of ennui. 7. Be the protege among the vets. Pint-sized  Hailee Steinfeld  held her own In "True Grit," flanked by Hollywood heavyweights Jeff Bridges, Josh Brolin and Matt Damon . The ', 'and soon to be a grandfather, Bridges said playing the protector of the young, fearless Mattie Ross, played by  Hailee Steinfeld , came naturally to him. "She reminds me of my daughters in that she\'s so sweet," he said. "It felt like ', 'Actress Amy Adams ("The Fighter") Helena Bonham Carter ("The King\'s Speech") Melissa Leo ("The Fighter")  Hailee Steinfeld  ("True Grit") Jacki Weaver ("Animal Kingdom") Best Supporting Actor Christian Bale ("The Fighter") John ', 'The King\'s Speech" Mila Kunis - "Black Swan"  Hailee Steinfeld  - "True Grit" Jacki Weaver - "Animal Kingdom" Best Young Actor/Actress *  Hailee Steinfeld  - "True Grit" Elle Fanning - "Somewhere" Jennifer ', "Hi I'm Peter Travers and this is popcorn where we tell you what's happening at the movies we have one of the youngest stars in Hollywood fourteen year old. Hayley Steinfeld. Who is the new star introduced in true grit. Of law. I'm Texas Rangers. Not many repeat Norwegian state. And citation"]