["house counsel Liberty's to limit the hotels like the like the Fairmont. In that Santa Monica the and our Fairmont.  Greta Garbo  lived there for years is live their non back. And it's almost like your personal assistant pick up the phone and ", "like the Fairmont. In that Santa Monica the -- and our Fairmont. Greta Garbo lived there for years -- -- is live their -- non back. And it's almost like your personal assistant pick up the ", "When I think about what are about to see I'm reminded that I never got that big interview with Jacqueline Onassis.  Greta Garbo . But now I had some consolation. Ladies and gentlemen. My interview with the test. in the bill that I am like intimidated ", "I'm reminded that I never got that big interview with Jacqueline Onassis. Greta Garbo . But now I had some consolation. Ladies and gentlemen. My interview with the test. -- -- -- -- in the bill that ", 'the hare fly along with show business like the lions from the was at a loss. Looking dude all of them. And a listing  Greta Garbo  weekly pay for 1920s silent movie. We as the preeminent facility. The collecting vast quantities of material on all ', 'a loss. Looking dude -- all of them. And a -- listing Greta Garbo weekly pay for 1920s silent movie. We -- as the preeminent facility. The collecting -- vast quantities of material on all aspects ', 'and that movie that won best picture was way back in 1932 it was called grand hotel. Company decided not to nominate  Greta Garbo  no wonder she wanted to be see that that little piece of trivia and love that movie trivia yeah so every year the Oscar ', '1932 -- it was called grand hotel. Company decided not to nominate Greta Garbo no wonder she wanted to be -- -- -- -- see that that little piece of trivia and love that movie trivia ', "the Hollywood starlets and stars I knew hapless people were and so I would hear these names in the You know she like  Greta Garbo  and Monroe I purchasing and Monroe I don't know who and is but at the time I thought that's who a lot of the names ", "would hear these names in the -- You know she -- like Greta Garbo and Monroe I purchasing and Monroe I don't know who and -- is but at the time I thought that's who -- ", "the middle of the Hollywood starlets and stars I people were and so I would hear these names in the You know she like  Greta Garbo  and Monroe I purchasing and Monroe I don't know who and is but at the time I thought that's who that was a lot of ", "would hear these names in the -- You know she -- like Greta Garbo and Monroe I purchasing and Monroe I don't know who and -- is but at the time I thought that's who that ", 'over the last century has arranged funerals for such luminaries as Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis. Actors James Cagney  Greta Garbo  Joan Crawford composer Irving Berlin George Gershwin Igor Stravinsky and John Lennon. Sports figures rocky grassy and ', 'arranged funerals for such luminaries as Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis. Actors James Cagney Greta Garbo Joan Crawford composer -- Irving Berlin George Gershwin Igor Stravinsky and John Lennon. Sports figures rocky grassy -- and Billy Martin wild ', "around those guys. If Charlie Chaplin thinks it's funny he is not letting on Rita Hayworth couldn't be bothered.  Greta Garbo  is otherwise engaged. It is a luxurious life for the 46 on the grounds of Ernest Hemingway's home here in Key West ", "it's funny he is not letting on Rita Hayworth couldn't be bothered. Greta Garbo is otherwise engaged. It is a luxurious life for the 46 -- on the grounds of Ernest Hemingway's home here in Key "]