['treatment when he was 19. "Glee," with its catchy song-and-dance numbers and high-profile guest stars like  Gwyneth Paltrow  and Britney Spears, became an instant hit when it debuted in 2009. Monteith served as the show\'s resident hunk ', 'their memories of Monteith. "Glee," with its catchy song-and-dance numbers and high-profile guest stars like  Gwyneth Paltrow  and Britney Spears, became an instant hit when it debuted in 2009 and made celebrities of Montieth and the rest of ', 'you get the strength back in the right layers," she explained. The fitness guru, whose celebrity clients include  Gwyneth Paltrow , Jennifer Lopez and Bethenny Frankel , is tailoring a program specifically for Kardashian. "She\'s not going to ', 'to which Puente arrived wearing her new engagement ring, according to E! News. Afterward, Coldplay singer (and  Gwyneth Paltrow \'s husband) Chris Martin joined John for a duet of "Your Song," which they dedicated to the couple. "An incredible ', 'civilization that built South America\'s earliest empire between 700 and 1000 A.D.," National Geographic reported.  Gwyneth Paltrow  Seduces Mark Ruffalo in Sexy Lingerie It\'s not what you think, Chris Martin. In a newly-released trailer for ', "Earlier this year,  Gwyneth Paltrow  was named the World's Most Beautiful Woman , and in a new trailer, she's proving why she deserved the title . In a newly-released ", 'goods to the tune of $4.4 billion a year, according to a report by Packaged Stats? Weight loss, of course. With  Gwyneth Paltrow , Victoria Beckham and other whip- thin stars leading the charge, gluten-free has become the latest get-thin-quick ', 'and means "belief" or "law." Here are other celebs who picked unique names for their kids.  Gwyneth Paltrow , Apple and Moses When  Gwyneth Paltrow  named her daughter Apple in 2004, critics bashed the actress for the unusual choice. "It sounded ', 'what good designs should be: a positive message for everyone. It\'s not about designing for a walking hanger!"  Gwyneth Paltrow , Oscars 2007 After Paltrow saw this dress, her manager and stylist asked Posen to bring it to L.A., where the ', "Flickr/Brixton21 Actress  Gwyneth Paltrow  is setting tongues wagging with Australian morning radio program. Try  Gwyneth Paltrow 's Candy Bar Recipe The hosts MORE: People Magazine Names  Gwyneth Paltrow  Most Beautiful Woman The actress ", "MetMuseum.org. The names of the designers will be revealed on the red carpet at the celebrities arrive. Beyonce,  Gwyneth Paltrow , Rihanna, Sarah Jessica Parker and Jessica Alba are some of the celebrities that attended last year's event.", 'non-toxic household cleaners and baby products, is not alone in turning to corsets after giving birth. Stars like  Gwyneth Paltrow , Kourtney Kardashian and Jennifer Garner have all been rumored to sport the tight-fitting tops after delivering ', 'She was named People Magazine\'s "Most Beautiful Woman" this week, despite the millions of tiny internet elves who stay up late at night making sure everyone online hates her (according to Star Magazine , she is one of the most hated celebrities in the world.) The internet has exploded with several', "We're back with oscar-winning actress and mom of two  gwyneth paltrow . Opening up about two life scares. A stroke scare stunning revelation that until now, the usually guarded  gwyneth paltrow  has kept a secret. I had a very bad experience when ", "We're back with oscar-winning actress and mom of two gwyneth paltrow . Opening up about two life scares. A stroke scare and a third pregnancy miscarriage that nearly killed her. Private moments she has never talked about until now. A stunning revelation that until now, the usually guarded gwyneth paltrow has kept a secret. I had a very bad experience when it wasregnant with my third and it didn't work out. I ", 'People magazine\'s "Most Beautiful" woman discusses the third installment in popular series.', "Good to have you hook up in the airport lounge and yeah it tribute that particular patterns. So went unfilled U ad and not value the So fresh series by the housing the most comfortable sweater I've ever right behind you inspire. For now only and she was standing and avenue. Let's she is an airport", "of the Rachael Ray show airing later today actress  Gwyneth Paltrow  is taking on the growing controversy. Over a New that someone else wrote Rachel Jamie Oliver's work  Gwyneth Paltrow  is cookbooks it said that day like many authors how ", 'In an episode of the Rachael Ray show airing later today actress Gwyneth Paltrow is taking on the growing controversy. Over a New York Times article called. I was a cookbook ghost -- the New York ', "did not say that someone else wrote Rachel -- Jamie Oliver's work Gwyneth Paltrow is cookbooks it said that day like many -- -- authors how to help but pal Charlie -- say the allegations are ", 'cancer fund-raiser. Stands to be the biggest yet. Our beloved executive producer laura passed away last june,  gwyneth paltrow  immediately stepped in, as executive producer, calling on celebrity friends to help with this event. Julia roberts ', 'the biggest yet. Our beloved executive producer laura passed away last june, gwyneth paltrow immediately stepped in, as executive producer, calling on celebrity friends to help with this event. Julia roberts, matt damon, michael douglas, taylor ']