['Clarence Thomas of sexual harassment. Anita Hill stood by her testimony, and did not apologize. Famous Birthdays 1882  Bela Lugosi  1931 Mickey Mantle 1950 Tom Petty 1956 Danny Boyle 1958 Viggo Mortensen 1971 Snoop Dogg 1979 John Krasinski Jump back ', 'for something to happen." "The Twilight Saga" stands in stark contrast to other vampire movies or series. From  Bela Lugosi  to HBO\'s "True Blood," vampires are most often associated with the libido. "Because you select your prey ', "make a quick buck, he said. But that all changed when  Bela Lugosi 's son sued Universal Studios for using his father's for commercial purposes during their lifetimes. Had  Bela Lugosi  sold his name to market fake blood, for instance, while ", 'there were digital effects to mask missing performers, filmmakers have had to find solutions to similar problems. When  Bela Lugosi  died during the shooting of Ed Wood\'s "Plan 9 From Outer Space" -- a film considered by many to be the worst ever ', 'they were divorced. Landau returned to prominence with three Oscar nominations, including a win for his turn as  Bela Lugosi  in "Ed Wood." But Bain\'s TV and film work has since been scant, and she complained to People magazine in 1996 ', 'version of Bram Stoker\'s "Dracula" even if it wasn\'t an authorized adaptation. Some vampire aficionados may prefer  Bela Lugosi \'s aristocratic air or Christopher Lee\'s overpowering seductiveness. But Schreck\'s thin and ghoulish appearance ', 'through your bedroom window in the form of a wolf." Dracula\'s second generation dawned in Hollywood in 1931 with  Bela Lugosi \'s classic portrayal of the caped Count Dracula. Lugosi\'s character would become the classic image of the vampire ', "Dracula and Godzilla, it's just as sweet as fresh blood. Let's look at a few: 1. Frankenstein vs. The Wolf Man  Bela Lugosi , better known as Dracula, passed on the opportunity to play Frankenstein's Monster, a role that went to Boris Karloff ", "vampire children with the involuntary help of Frankenstein's monster. Sommers tips his cap to horror film legends  Bela Lugosi  and Boris Karloff with a black-and-white opening wherein a monster-hunting, torch-wielding mob storms Frankenstein's ", "of zombies to take over the Earth. The ultra-low-budget film featured cardboard tombstones, and when lead actor  Bela Lugosi  died four days into production, Wood replaced him with his wife's chiropractor. In Glen or Glenda, Wood explores ", 'previous stereo films sound tame by comparison. Tod Browning s Dracula may seem creaky by today s horror standards, but  Bela Lugosi  s performance as the vampire honest enough to admit I don t drink wine set the standard for all later bloodsuckers ', 'film version of Bram Stoker s Dracula even if it wasn t an authorized adaptation. Some vampire aficionados may prefer  Bela Lugosi  s aristocratic air, or Christopher Lee s overpowering seductiveness. But Schreck s thin and ghoulish appearance seemed ']