["(Photo credit: X17)  Halle Berry  married Olivier Martinez just two she was out in Los Angeles. See  Halle Berry  In Her Wedding Gown Berry, 46 cake and a fireworks display. See  Halle Berry 's Baby Bump! It's an exciting ", "by uniting on stage Saturday in the San Diego Convention Center's largest hall. Ian McKellan, Patrick Stewart,  Halle Berry , Anna Paquin, Jennifer Lawrence, Michael Fassbender, James McEvoy, Ellen Page, Peter Dinklage, Hugh Jackman and ", 'wasn\'t shy with his devotion to Jackelyn, saying, "I love my bunny more than anything" on their site. Related: See  Halle Berry  on Her Wedding Day Rick Harrison covets the shiny things in life as frontman on the show "Pawn Stars." But Harrison ', "by uniting on stage Saturday in the San Diego Convention Center's largest hall. Ian McKellan, Patrick Stewart,  Halle Berry , Anna Paquin, Jennifer Lawrence, Michael Fassbender, James McEvoy, Ellen Page, Peter Dinklage and Hugh Jackman ", "(Photo credit: Splash News)  Halle Berry  is a married woman - and now we have a sneak peek of arrived in a vintage car decorated with lace. All about  Halle Berry  and Olivier Martinez's baby!", "at the Loring Air Force Base in northern Maine. His top speed was clocked at 285 mph. 5.  Halle Berry , Olivier Martinez Wed in French Chateau  Halle Berry  and Olivier Martinez tied the knot in an intimate ceremony at a chateau in France's Burgundy ", 'Hayek and Julia Roberts have butted heads with the paparazzi over their children.  Halle Berry  Testifies for Stronger Anti-Paparazzi Laws In June,  Halle Berry , who has publicly sparred with photographers trying to get a shot of her 5-year-old ', "Actress  Halle Berry  testified before California lawmakers young daughter's school. RELATED:  Halle Berry  in Court Over Move to France Berry daughter's school to take a photo. MORE:  Halle Berry  Vows to Take Her Anti-Paparazzi Crusade ", 'Paul Hubble/FilmMagic/Getty Images A boy is on the way for actress  Halle Berry  and her French fiance Olivier Martinez. "My son will be an American, but I remain French," Martinez told People magazine in ', 'She] has a way smoking body."  Halle Berry  The pregnant Oscar winner, 46 she deserves it again. "I think  Halle Berry  is beautiful," wrote Diane. Bartman adds: "As long as  Halle Berry  is alive, GP will never be the ', 'At age 46,  Halle Berry  announced this week that she\'s pregnant with her second child, calling it "The biggest surprise of my life." But she\'s ', "quick so that they are beautiful couple they've been engaged since 2012. This is now the third trip down and four  Halle Berry  who by the way off marriages. She was married once before to David Justice in 1993 and singer. Eric 2001. Engaged ", 'since 2012. This is now the third trip down and -- four Halle Berry who by the way -- -- off marriages. She was married once before to David Justice in 1993 and -- singer. Eric ', 'I think we need some. Get some "pop news" now.  Halle berry \'s fiance olivia martinez is putting a wring on it. E! News announces they are tying the knot this weekend. They got engaged ', 'I think we need some. Get some "pop news" now. Halle berry\'s fiance olivia martinez is putting a wring on it. E! News announces they are tying the knot this weekend. They got engaged ', "that emotional testimony from  halle berry , pushing for stricter laws to fight. Out of the way. Reporter:  Halle berry  has had enough of this. And this he would try to snap pictures of  halle berry 's children outside of school ", "that emotional testimony from halle berry , pushing for stricter laws to keep paparazzi away from her child. Abc's nick watt has the latest on her fight. Out of the way. Reporter: Halle berry has had enough of this. And this. And this. The incident at l.A.X., She shared with california lawmakers late tuesday. I have ", 'and i asked him if he would try to snap pictures of halle berry\'s children outside of school. The financial I\'m going to get out of that is not worth the hassle of hearing her yell at me. Reporter: Let\'s say the shot of halle berry and her kids was going to get you 100 grand? I\'ll take the shot, in a heartbeat. I\'ll take two shots. Reporter: And taking pictures of someone\'s child is legal. A first amendment right. I understand that the media has rights and I respect them. We have a love/hate relationship. I need them. They need me. And this bill would not infringe on their right. Reporter: Halle berry is saying, you can take my children\'s pictures. Just back off. Way off. For "good morning america," nick watt, abc news, new ', 'superstar  halle berry . She joins fellow oscar winner tom on-cam transformations. Reporter:  Halle berry  may be recognized in roles like "die in general, how are things going for  halle berry ? It\'s okay. Just living life. Reporter ', 'superstar halle berry . She joins fellow oscar winner tom hanks playing different characters over 12 centuries. And cameron mathison got the on-cam transformations. Reporter: Halle berry may be recognized in roles like "die another day." And monster ball. You make me feel real good. Reporter: On the set ', "in her life. Reporter: Just in general, how are things going for halle berry ? It's okay. Just living life. Reporter: It's easy to think, wow, halle berry's got it made. Do you have it made? It's what having it made is. Do I have a daughter that is the ", "The actress falls in love with a hosts' dog and learns to make taquitos on 'Despierta America'", 'Hi welcome to the every line so how is now seeking aid. Restraining order from my Operate be Deborah robbery because of an altercation that took place on Thanksgiving. Day what happened Gabriel Aubrey was dropping off little And then that morning and that he was confronted by her new fiance Olivia', "Gabriel Aubry held on a misdemeanor-battery charge after fistfight with the actress' fiance, Olivier Martinez."]