['more than not being good at jobs or relationships. From a quiet, lonely man who does all his shopping online and hangs  Helen Hunt  fan art all over the apartment he shares with his ailing mother, to a young woman who has her best gay friend listed ', "donations to Democratic Party committees, as well as to Obama's presidential campaigns. Other notable political activist nominees this year included Robert DeNiro, Sally Field, Hugh Jackman, Joaquin Phoenix and  Helen Hunt . None of them won.", 'Cooper was also nominated for best actor for his role in the film, but he lost out to John Hawkes for "The Sessions."  Helen Hunt , Hawkes\' co-star in "The Sessions," also won in the best supporting actress category. The best supporting actor ', 'Pierce for "Four" Best Supporting Female Rosemarie DeWitt for "Your Sister\'s Sister" Ann Dowd for "Compliance"  Helen Hunt  for "The Sessions" Brit Marling for "Sound of My Voice" Lorraine Toussaint for "Middle of Nowhere" Best Supporting ', 'Best Supporting Actress Winner: Anne Hathaway ("Les Miserables"), 1/10; Sally Field ("Lincoln"), 9/1;  Helen Hunt  ("The Sessions"), 10/1; Amy Adams ("The Master"), 20/1; Jacki Weaver ("Silver Linings Playbook ', 'Hathaway Nominees: Anne Hathaway ("Les Miserables"), Sally Field ("Lincoln"), Amy Adams ("The Master"),  Helen Hunt  ("The Sessions") and Jacki Weaver ("Silver Linings Playbook). Weaver is the surprise nominee in this category ', 'Supporting Actress: Sally Field, "Lincoln" Anne Hathaway, "Les Miserables" Jacki Weaver, "Silver Linings Playbook"  Helen Hunt , "The Sessions" Amy Adams, "The Master" Best Director: David O. Russell, "Silver Linings Playbook" Ang Lee ', 'Actress Adams\' picks: Anne Hathaway ("Les Miserables"), Sally Field ("Lincoln"), Amy Adams ("The Master"),  Helen Hunt  ("The Sessions") and Judi Dench ("Skyfall") Adams said the first three are shoo-ins, with Hathaway the clear ', 'Supporting Role In A Motion Picture Amy Adams, "The Master" Sally Field, "Lincoln" Anne Hathaway, "Les Miserables"  Helen Hunt , "The Sessions" Nicole Kidman, "The Paperboy" Best Performance By An Actor In A Supporting Role In A Motion Picture ', 'saying, "Eric and I have had marital problems for some time now and have tried to work things out together."  Helen Hunt Helen Hunt  won the Best Actress Oscar for her role in "As Good As It Gets," in 1998. She also became the second actress ', 'Hamilton\'s mother, Sherry Hamilton, told ESPN at the time. In "Soul Surfer," Sherry Hamilton is played by actress  Helen Hunt  of TV\'s "Mad About You" fame, and Bethany\'s father, Tom Hamilton, is played by actor Dennis Quaid. There are ', 'In 1998, college meteorology programs across the country were enjoying a wave of popularity. A lot of credit went to  Helen Hunt  and the movie Twister, which had been a major blockbuster only two years earlier. The movie romanticized weather in ', 'life. The split was reportedly spurred by Benet\'s sex addiction. Winning best actress for "As Good as it Gets,"  Helen Hunt  thanked Hank Azaria, her partner, who then became her husband in 1998. By 2000, the couple\'s relationship was over ', "I'm talking not ready with  Helen Hunt  so excited to have her here at the new movie is then she found me and as we said she directed produced co wrote and stars and having ", "I'm talking not ready with Helen Hunt so excited to have her here at the new movie is then she found me and as we said she directed produced ", 'Jayce Henderson reviews the new independent film starring  Helen Hunt  and William H. Macy.', "color. A lot of things we're working it just wasn't working. I'm her okay are supporting her for for about headed  Helen Hunt . Let it right I mean that she didn't go to some fancy high end designers she went down the street picked up a couple ", "I'm her okay are supporting her -- for -- for about headed Helen Hunt . Let it right I mean that she didn't go to some fancy -- -- high end designers she -- went down the ", "You taught so ch much about so many things. Reporter: The session's j hawk won for lead actor and his co-star  helen hunt  for supporting actress. Adam sandler killed it with montages like this one. I forgot to take the trash out of this ", "Reporter: The session's j hawk won for lead actor and his co-star helen hunt for supporting actress. Adam sandler killed it with montages like this one. I forgot to take the trash out of this. Always ", 'with a name. And long before bravely bearing body and sole for "the sessions," supporting actress contender,  helen hunt , starred in "quarterback princess." Ten, hut. Reporter: On the bionic woman, she was alien princess, orla ', 'before bravely bearing body and sole for "the sessions," supporting actress contender, helen hunt , starred in "quarterback princess." Ten, hut. Reporter: On the bionic woman, she was alien princess, orla. Seeking refuge while her home planet ', 'is going to be best supporting actress Amy Adams in the master. Sally Field in Lincoln and Hathaway and name is rob  Helen Hunt  in the sessions and Jacki Weaver and so they. You know in these categories every season comes down to a two person race ', 'the master. Sally Field in Lincoln and Hathaway and name is rob Helen Hunt in the sessions and Jacki Weaver and so -- they. You know in these categories every season comes down to a two ', 'lincoln," anne hathaway for "les mis."  Helen hunt  for "the sessions."  Helen hunt  is supporting, as well? Yeah. They went for field. What a competition that will be. And  helen hunt . Two, good movies, too. I was seeing they ', 'for "the master," sally field for "lincoln," anne hathaway for "les mis." Helen hunt for "the sessions." Helen hunt is supporting, as well? Yeah. They went for supporting. They ran away from best actor. And all three of them could be ', "to compete against sally field. What a competition that will be. And helen hunt . Two, good movies, too. I was seeing they were actually singing the songs live. They didn't go to the studio to record. "]