['Bob Dole, Rose Kennedy, Rufus Wainwright and more, click here . 2013 Oscar for Best Picture went to "Argo." ( Ben Affleck \'s "Argo" was a dark horse that beat out frontrunner "Les Miserables" and "Lincoln.") Super Bowl XLVII: Baltimore ', 'said. The Jimmy V Award for Perseverance was given to father-and-son duo Dick and Rick Hoyt by actor-director  Ben Affleck . The younger Hoyt was born with cerebral palsy and is unable to use his hands and legs. His 73-year-old father ', 'video. The Jimmy V Award for Perseverance was given to father-and-son duo Dick and Rick Hoyt by actor-director  Ben Affleck . The younger Hoyt was born with cerebral palsy and is unable to use his hands and legs. His 73-year-old father ', "It Up.' Lopez is dating former back-up dancer Casper Smart, 26, after splitting from ex-husband and father to her children Marc Anthony in 2011. In the past she's also dated music mogul Sean Combs and Oscar-winner  Ben Affleck .", "Damon revealed he and his family are about to move to Los Angeles, to a home just down the street from his best pal  Ben Affleck  , with whom he's starting a production company. Compared to Affleck, a childhood friend, and some of his other ", "images of celebrity children are blurred to protect their privacy. Other celebrities, including Angelina Jolie and  Ben Affleck , have criticized the paparazzi's practices, and rock star Steven Tyler even lobbied lawmakers for tougher paparazzi ", 'paparazzi and that stuff, so the celebrity thing doesn\'t really weigh on us," Damon said. Close friends of his,  Ben Affleck  and Jennifer Garner, aren\'t so lucky however. "Yeah, Ben and Jen, they don\'t do anything to court it, other ', 'I was eating rotten bananas." He is joined this year by 15,000 people worldwide, including celebrities such as  Ben Affleck  and Josh Groban, as well as other notables, such as Jill Biden and Hunter Biden, the vice president\'s son. He ', "(Photo credit: Jason Merritt/Getty Images) He's a Hollywood actor, producer and director, but  Ben Affleck  will be living beneath his means in a big way. The Oscar winner, 40, is joining Josh Groban, Debi Mazar, Sophia Bush and ", 'Marathon . "Such a senseless and tragic day. My family and I send our love to our beloved and resilient Boston,"  Ben Affleck  wrote on Facebook Monday. Also on Monday, Mark Wahlberg tweeted, "Thoughts and prayers with my hometown Boston today ', 'Ebert\'s Final Review Published The "Chicago Sun-Times" has printed Roger Ebert\'s last movie review. Ebert, who passed away last week, gave his final review to Terrence Malick\'s film "To the Wonder," starring  Ben Affleck .', 'the way the Oscar-winning film "Argo" portrayed their country, they plan to sue its makers, including director  Ben Affleck . Iran media is reporting today that the government is in talks with French lawyer Isabelle Coutant-Peyre to figure ', 'comedian jimmy kimmel got HITCHED TO molly McNearney. No small affair. The star-studded event attracted guests like  ben affleck , jennifer aniston, ellen DeGENED, OF COURSE, PORE that DeRossi and matt damon. You might remember kimmel actually ', "TO molly McNearney. No small affair. The star-studded event attracted guests like ben affleck , jennifer aniston, ellen DeGENED, OF COURSE, PORE that DeRossi and matt damon. You might remember kimmel actually officiated damon's wedding renewal back ", "fascinating. All that wasn't enoughfor  ben affleck . (man) HOW ABOUT A SMILE? This is the year  ben affleck  took hollywood by storm. (protestors harvard-educated teacher. I'm  ben affleck , and I'm in the arctic testchamber ", 'so very good-looking. That\'s what makes himso fascinating. All that wasn\'t enoughfor ben affleck . (man) HOW ABOUT A SMILE? This is the year ben affleck took hollywood by storm. (protestors shout indistinctly) He produced, directed,and starred in "argo." It\'s gonna take a miracleto get them out. The ', "to help support the family. His mother was a harvard-educated teacher. I'm ben affleck , and I'm in the arctic testchamber for the united states... He started acting at 7. By 11, he was starringin a pbs series. Hi. I'm still ben affleck . I don't know. He's beenon my case for days. Everything I do is wrong. Tv movies and commercialsfollowed. HELLO? (woman, breathy voice) ", 'of conflate us with our characters. Yeah. And the oscar goes to... Ben affleck and matt damon! Ben and matt won the oscarfor best original screenplay. (laughs)I JUST SAID TO MATT, "Losing would suck and winning ', 'have to I thought everyone is standing ovation at the end of at it already has one choice award and a Golden Globe but  Ben Affleck  is not. On the ballot. As to start a strange teaching which is the somewhat crazy and can become only the fourth number ', 'already has one -- -- choice award and a Golden Globe but Ben Affleck is not. On the ballot. As to start a strange teaching which is the somewhat crazy and can become only the fourth ', 'stories trending right now. Indeeding a do-over for  ben affleck . And the latest on sharon and ozzy osbourne. Peter is here from "people" magazine. Let\'s talk about  ben affleck . We remember the oscar speech. He had a do-over on ', '"heat index," the hottest stories trending right now. Indeeding a do-over for ben affleck . And the latest on sharon and ozzy osbourne. Peter is here from "people" magazine. Let\'s talk about ben affleck . We remember the oscar speech. He had a do-over on "saturday night live." Take a look. I want to tell you how ', "biggest oscar snubs of the year,  ben affleck  ignored for his critically appraised los angeles. This seems to be  ben affleck 's year. It could be, bianna. Well,  ben affleck 's big win last night now makes ", 'It\'s being called one of the biggest oscar snubs of the year, ben affleck ignored for his critically appraised film "argo." He won the director\'s guild award after taking home a golden globe and s.A.G. Award. Reversal of fortune when you consider where his career was heading before he stepped behind the camera. Rachel smith joins us from los angeles. This seems to be ben affleck\'s year. It could be, bianna. Well, ben affleck\'s big win last night now makes for an intriguing oscar because dga award winners almost always go on to win the oscar for best director and their movie for best picture. Not the case this year. "Argo" is nominated for an oscar but its director, ben affleck , isn\'t. Ben k. Reporter: Ather mission accolished for "argo." I tried really hard, I worked really hard at this. Reporter: Its director ben affleck , the first time directors guild of america nominee taking home the award for outstanding directorial achievement for a feature film. I\'m really ', 'throughout the season and now with this, the director\'s prize going to ben affleck and not spielberg, I think "lincoln" has become the serious underdog. Reporter: Yet "lincoln" has the most nominations, 12, including best picture ', 'out. And joining us is joel edgerton. Great to have you here. Thank you very much. You stepped into the role after  ben affleck  stepped out of it. Yeah, ben was supposed to do -- "argo." He was going to be tom and thankfully someone gave ', 'you here. Thank you very much. You stepped into the role after ben affleck stepped out of it. Yeah, ben was supposed to do -- "argo." He was going to be tom and thankfully someone gave ', "certain searches. Early tweets couldn't suppress the excitement. From Leonardo DiCaprio historic day well done scotus  Ben Affleck  big news from the Supreme Court goodbye don't prop Hello equality. Perez Hilton keep calm and marry on. Don't wanna ", "couldn't suppress the excitement. From Leonardo DiCaprio historic day well done scotus Ben Affleck big news from the Supreme Court goodbye don't -- prop -- Hello equality. Perez Hilton keep calm and marry on. -- -- "]