["Tveit, Samantha Barksand and  Helena Bonham Carter . In addition to performances together for the first time.  Helena Bonham Carter 's Dress Finally, if you then you can at least count on  Helena Bonham Carter  to turn up in something that ", "Russell Crowe, Catherine Zeta-Jones, Jennifer Hudson Join Oscars' Musical Tribute", 'Hugh Jackman and Anne Hathaway, as well as Amanda Seyfried, Eddie Redmayne, Aaron Tveit, Samantha Barksand and  Helena Bonham Carter . "We are pleased to have been able to amass so much talent to create the celebration of musicals of the last ', 'scooping up awards for best actor, best director and best original screenplay. Producers thanked Colin Firth,  Helena Bonham Carter  and the rest of the cast, calling them "acting royalty." 8:28pm PT: Best actor winner Colin Firth made one ', 'trades promoting herself backfired. The race was opened up to competitors Hailee Steinfeld ("True Grit"),  Helena Bonham Carter  ("The King\'s Speech"), her fighter co-star Amy Adams and Jacki Weaver ("Animal Kingdom"). Still ', 'scooping up awards for best actor, best director and best original screenplay. Producers thanked Colin Firth,  Helena Bonham Carter  and the rest of the cast, calling them "acting royalty." 8:28pm PT: Best actor winner Colin Firth made one ', 'trades promoting herself backfired. The race was opened up to competitors Hailee Steinfeld ("True Grit"),  Helena Bonham Carter  ("The King\'s Speech"), her fighter co-star Amy Adams and Jacki Weaver ("Animal Kingdom"). Still ', 'Helena Bonham Carter  usually wows with her way out-of-the-box ensembles. ( Two different colored shoes for the Golden Globes? Sure! ) But at ', 'King\'s Speech" has a sweep, Travers said, look for some upsets in the best supporting acting categories.  Helena Bonham Carter , who played Firth\'s wife, the Queen, in "Speech," could take best supporting actress from favorite Melissa ', "The Kids Are All Right Geoffrey Rush, The King's Speech Female Actor, Supporting Amy Adams, The Fighter  Helena Bonham Carter , The King's Speech Mila Kunis, Black Swan Melissa Leo, The Fighter Hailey Steinfeld, True Grit Cast in a ", 'The King\'s Speech") James Franco ("127 Hours") Best Supporting Actress Amy Adams ("The Fighter")  Helena Bonham Carter  ("The King\'s Speech") Melissa Leo ("The Fighter") Hailee Steinfeld ("True Grit") Jacki Weaver ', 'Rush - "The King\'s Speech" Best Supporting Actress * Melissa Leo - "The Fighter" Amy Adams - "The Fighter"  Helena Bonham Carter  - "The King\'s Speech" Mila Kunis - "Black Swan" Hailee Steinfeld - "True Grit" Jacki Weaver - "Animal ', "room coach. Are you rooting for the celebrities or hoping they'll fail? Some but others I say thank god for  helena bonham carter . Reporter: I don't see any chemistry. Really difficult to get along. Why is it that joan can get way with ", "or hoping they'll fail? Some but others I say thank god for helena bonham carter . Reporter: I don't see any chemistry. Really difficult to get along. Why is it that joan can get way with everything she ", "it, it's, who has worn it previously? I miss those cher moments so bad. You have the occasional cook like  helena bonham carter . But I think 99.7% of us are acting safe. Reporter: Brad's power as a stylist has made him a star in his ", "miss those cher moments so bad. You have the occasional cook like helena bonham carter . But I think 99.7% of us are acting safe. Reporter: Brad's power as a stylist has made him a star in his ", "subjective fashion little about the worst just let's get to the fun part of course you know they got to bring up  Helena Bonham Carter  I mean she's certainly guarantee every yeah. Always check edges like showing up the union Jack and a light and ", "the fun part of course you know they got to bring up Helena Bonham Carter I mean she's certainly guarantee every -- -- yeah. Always -- -- check edges like showing up the union Jack and a ", "Amy Adams in the fighter  Helena Bonham Carter  and king's speech. Melissa should which He He will go to  Helena Bonham Carter  in the King's Speech. Very in there and it could be.  Helena Bonham Carter  I how to copy and Paul. Hill ", "read the nominees here for every one. Amy Adams in the fighter Helena Bonham Carter and king's speech. Melissa Leo in the fighter Hayley Steinfeld in true grit and -- -- -- your weight now. Melissa Leo ", "if Melissa Leo should -- which He -- He will go to Helena Bonham Carter in the King's Speech. Very subtle form and very easy and it's the movie. So what I must -- I'm saying illicitly auction went. I'm hoping she will win but I think we got a surprise in there and it could be. Helena Bonham Carter -- I -- how to copy and Paul. Hill delete and a talk upright. You. Best supporting actor now. Look at these ", "really defining moment with the Oscars and that's and so exciting about it. And are about right here. Exactly.  Helena Bonham Carter  but be disappointed if were. I have admitted be disappointed. All time Oscar looks well you know I am I doing ", '-- and so exciting about it. And are about right here. Exactly. Helena Bonham Carter but -- be disappointed if -- were. I have admitted -- be disappointed. All time Oscar looks well you know I am ', 'Hollywood glamour big big style mom and certainly carry I hear me. Now at have asked because it almost seems like  Helena Bonham Carter  enjoys up the fashion police and she seems to really always figure out a way to do it even she marches in the heat ', 'me. Now at -- -- have asked because it almost seems like Helena Bonham Carter enjoys -- up the fashion police and she seems to really always figure out a way to do it even -- she ', "it snap and. That kind of and. Who missed the mark. I'm you for me it wasn't. That season of course that  Helena Bonham Carter  who always kind of you know shows up on the red carpet not looking her absolute basket she's gorgeous woman but ", "I'm you for me it wasn't. That season of course -- that Helena Bonham Carter who always kind of you know shows up on the red carpet not looking her absolute basket she's -- gorgeous woman but "]