['Former intelligence worker Edward Snowden, 29, revealed himself as the source of documents outlining a massive effort by the NSA to track cell phone calls and monitor the e-mail and Internet traffic of virtually all Americans. He says he just wanted the public to know what the government was doing. "Even if you\'re not doing anything wrong, you\'re being watched and recorded," he said. While he has not been charged, the FBI is conducting an investigation into the leaks.', "Military analyst Daniel Ellsberg leaked the 7,000-page Pentagon Papers in 1971. The top-secret documents revealed that senior American leaders, including three presidents, knew the Vietnam War was an unwinnable, tragic quagmire. Further, they showed that the government had lied to Congress and the public about the progress of the war. Ellsberg surrendered to authorities and was charged as a spy. During his trial, the court learned that President Richard Nixon's administration had embarked on a campaign to discredit Ellsberg, illegally wiretapping him and breaking into his psychiatrist's office. All charges against him were dropped. Since then he has lived a relatively quiet life as a respected author and lecturer.", "Starting in 1932, the U.S. Public Health Service studied untreated syphilis in black men who thought they were getting free health care. The patients weren't told of their affliction or sufficiently treated. Peter Buxtun, who worked for the Public Health Service, relayed information about the Tuskegee syphilis experiment to a reporter in 1972, which halted the 40-year study. His testimony at congressional hearings led to an overhaul of the Health, Education and Welfare rules concerning work with human subjects. A class-action lawsuit was settled out-of-court for $10 million, with the U.S. government promising free medical care to survivors and their families. Here, participants talk with a study coordinator.", 'In 2005, retired deputy FBI director Mark Felt revealed himself to be the whistle-blower "Deep Throat" in the Watergate scandal. He anonymously assisted Washington Post reporters Carl Bernstein and Bob Woodward with many of their stories about the Nixon administration\'s cover-up after the June 1972 break-in at the Democratic National Committee headquarters. The stories sparked a congressional investigation that eventually led to President Nixon\'s resignation in 1974. The Post won a Pulitzer Prize for its coverage. Felt was convicted on unrelated conspiracy charges in 1980 and eventually pardoned by President Ronald Reagan before slipping into obscurity for the next quarter-century. He died in 2008 at age 95.', "Mordechai Vanunu, who worked as a technician at Israel's nuclear research facility, leaked information to a British newspaper and led nuclear arms analysts to conclude that Israel possessed a stockpile of nuclear weapons. Israel has neither confirmed nor denied its weapons program. An Israeli court convicted Vanunu in 1986 after Israeli intelligence agents captured him in Italy. He was sentenced to 18 years in prison. Since his release in 2004, he has been arrested on a number of occasions for violating terms of his parole.", "President Ronald Reagan addresses the media in 1987, months after the disclosure of the Iran-Contra affair. A secret operation carried out by an American military officer used proceeds from weapons sales to Iran to fund the anti-communist Contras in Nicaragua and attempted to secure the release of U.S. hostages held by Iran-backed Hezbollah in Lebanon. Mehdi Hashemi, an officer of Iran's Islamic Revolutionary Guards Corps, leaked evidence of the deal to a Lebanese newspaper in 1986. Reagan's closest aides maintain he did not fully know, and only reluctantly came to accept, the circumstances of the operation.", 'Tobacco industry executive Jeffrey Wigand issued a memo to his company in 1992 about his concerns regarding tobacco additives. He was fired in March 1993 and subsequently contacted by "60 Minutes" and persuaded to tell his story on CBS. He claimed that Brown & Williamson knowingly used additives that were carcinogenic and addictive and spent millions covering it up. He also testified in a landmark case in Mississippi that resulted in a $246 billion settlement from the tobacco industry. Wigand has received public recognition for his actions and continues to crusade against Big Tobacco. He was portrayed by Russell Crowe in the 1999 film "The Insider."', 'For 10 years, Frederic Whitehurst complained mostly in vain about practices at the FBI\'s world-renowned crime lab, where he worked. His efforts eventually led to a 1997 investigation that found lab agents produced inaccurate and scientifically flawed testimony in major cases, including the Oklahoma City and World Trade Center bombings. The Justice Department recommended major reforms but also criticized Whitehurst for "overstated and incendiary" allegations. He also faced disciplinary action for refusing to cooperate with an investigation into how some of his allegations were leaked to a magazine. After a yearlong paid suspension he left the bureau in 1998 with a settlement worth more than $1.16 million.', "FBI whistle-blower Coleen Rowley accused the bureau of hindering efforts to investigate a suspected terrorist that could have disrupted plans for the September 11, 2001, terror attacks. In 2002 she fired off a 13-page letter to FBI Director Robert Mueller and flew to Washington to hand-deliver copies to two members of the Senate Intelligence Committee and meet with committee staffers. The letter accused the bureau of deliberately undermining requests to look into Zacarias Moussaoui, the only person convicted in the United States of playing a role in the attacks. She testified in front of Congress and the 9/11 Commission about the FBI's mishandling of information. Rowley was selected as one of Time magazine's People of the Year in 2002, along with whistle-blowers Sherron Watkins of Enron and Cynthia Cooper of WorldCom.", "Sherron Watkins, a former vice president at Enron, sent an anonymous letter to founder Kenneth Lay in 2001 warning him the company had accounting irregularities. The memo eventually reached the public and she later testified before Congress about her concerns and the company's wrongdoings. More than 4,000 Enron employees lost their jobs, and many also lost their life savings, when the energy giant declared bankruptcy in 2001. Investors lost billions of dollars. An investigation in 2002 found that Enron executives reaped millions of dollars from off-the-books partnerships and violated basic rules of accounting and ethics. Many were sentenced to prison for their roles in the Enron scandal.", 'Cynthia Cooper and her team of auditors uncovered massive fraud at WorldCom in 2002. They found that the long-distance telephone provider had used $3.8 billion in questionable accounting entries to inflate earnings over the past five quarters. By the end of 2003, the total fraud was estimated to be $11 billion. The company filed for bankruptcy protection and five executives ended up in prison. Cooper started her own consulting firm and told her story in the book "Extraordinary Circumstances: The Journey of a Corporate Whistleblower."', 'In 2003, federal air marshal Robert MacLean anonymously tipped off an MSNBC reporter that because of budget concerns, the TSA was temporarily suspending missions that would require marshals to stay in hotels just days after they were briefed about a new "potential plot" to hijack U.S. airliners. The news caused an immediate uproar on Capitol Hill and the TSA retreated, withdrawing the scheduling cuts before they went into effect. MacLean was later investigated and fired for the unauthorized disclosure of "sensitive security information."', 'The New York Times reported in 2005 that in the months after the September 11, 2001, attacks, President George W. Bush authorized the U.S. National Security Agency to eavesdrop without a court warrant on people in the United States, including American citizens, suspected of communicating with al Qaeda members overseas. The Bush administration staunchly defended the controversial surveillance program. Russ Tice, an NSA insider, came forward as one of the anonymous sources used by the Times. He said he was concerned about alleged abuses and a lack of oversight. Here, President Bush participates in a conversation about the Patriot Act in Buffalo, New York, in April 2004.', 'Army Pfc. Bradley Manning is accused in the largest leak of classified documents in U.S. history. His court-martial began on June 3. He has pleaded guilty to 10 of 22 charges against him and could face up to two decades in jail. He has pleaded not guilty to the most serious charge - that of aiding U.S. enemies, which carries the potential for a life sentence. At a February proceeding, Manning read a statement detailing why and how he sent classified material in 2010 to WikiLeaks, a group that facilitates the anonymous leaking of secret information.', "(CNN) -- U.S. intelligence leaker Edward Snowden is grounded in Moscow's airport, but his future is up in the air.", "A tweet by a Russian lawmaker Tuesday announced that Snowden had accepted Venezuela's offer of asylum, giving the impression that the American had evaded U.S. authorities again.", 'But the lawmaker who sent the tweet, Russian parliamentary spokesman Alexei Pushkov, deleted the message and followed up by saying he got the news from a media report.', "WikiLeaks, which has been assisting Snowden in his asylum bid, denied that report in a Twitter post and said that Snowden hasn't formally accepted asylum in Venezuela -- yet.", '"The Russian lawmaker concerned has deleted the tweet," the organization said. "The states concerned will make the announcement if and when the appropriate time comes. The announcement will then be confirmed by us."', "Venezuelan Foreign Minister Elias Jaua said Tuesday that Snowden still hadn't accepted his country's asylum offer, CNN affiliate Globovision reported.", 'And if he does, Jaua said, "we have to wait and see the security conditions in which Snowden can exercise territorial asylum."', 'If Snowden accepts the Venezuelan offer, it resolves one issue in the Snowden saga, but sets the stage for the next chapter: How will he get from Moscow to Caracas?', "Venezuela extended an offer of asylum to Snowden last week, and on Monday President Nicolas Maduro received a formal asylum request from Snowden. The Venezuelan government had been waiting to hear back from Snowden on the president's offer to finalize the deal.", 'Snowden, a former National Security Agency contractor who faces espionage charges in the United States, is slammed as a traitor by critics and hailed as a hero by his supporters.', "He remains in limbo more than two weeks after arriving at Moscow's Sheremetyevo International Airport from Hong Kong.", "Several nations have rejected Snowden's appeals for asylum, but a trio of left-leaning Latin American nations, to varying degrees, have said they'd welcome Snowden. Bolivia has offered asylum and Nicaragua has said it would consider it.", 'Speculation centers on Venezuela, which was the first to offer asylum. With both sides having expressed interest, it appeared to be a matter of time before it is confirmed.', 'But finding a way for Snowden to travel from Russia to Venezuela may require some creative maneuvering.', "Already, several European countries denied airspace to the Bolivian president's plane, allegedly because of rumors that Snowden was aboard. The presidential plane made an unscheduled stop in Vienna, which became a sore spot for Bolivian President Evo Morales and sparked outrage throughout Latin America. On Tuesday, members of the Organization of American States passed a resolution condemning the incident, calling for France, Italy, Portugal, Spain to formally apologize. The United States and Canada dissented.", 'Snowden would be wise to take a chartered jet on a route that goes over water the entire time, former CIA analyst Allen Thompson told Foreign Policy.', '"Leave Moscow," he told the Foreign Policy. "Fly north to the Barents Sea, thence over to and through the Denmark Strait. Continue south, steering clear of Newfoundland until getting to the east of the Windward Islands. Fly through some convenient gap between islands and continue on to Caracas."', 'Kirk Koenig, president of Expert Aviation Consulting, told CNN that such a route would probably work, as it avoids the airspace of any U.S.-friendly countries who may try to ground the plane.', '"Where it gets more interesting is if they try to put him on an Aeroflot Russian Airlines flight nonstop to Havana, Cuba," he said. "The smart move would be to put him there as a passenger and hope nobody notices."', "Would other countries make a commercial passenger jet land if they believe Snowden is on board? Given what happened to the Bolivian president, it's possible, Koenig said.", "American politicians from both parties warned nations to consider what's at stake should they grant Snowden asylum.", '"It\'s very clear that any of these countries that accept Snowden and offer him political asylum is taking a step against the United States. It\'s making a very clear statement. I\'m not surprised by the countries that are offering him asylum; they like sticking it to the United States," Sen. Robert Menendez, D-New Jersey, said Sunday on NBC\'s "Meet the Press."', 'Menendez, chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, suggested serious trade and policy implications await countries that accept Snowden.', "He's a high-school dropout who worked his way into the most secretive computers in U.S. intelligence as a defense contractor. ", "U.S. intelligence leaker Edward Snowden is grounded in Moscow's airport, but his future is up in the air. ", "Fear not, Snowden's temporary home has an extensive selection of cafes, shopping outlets, business lounges and smoking rooms.", "Follow Snowden's movements and aslyum requests across the globe via our interactive.", 'President Barack Obama responds to outrage by European leaders over revelations of alleged U.S. spying.', 'Edward Snowden took a job with an NSA contractor in order to gather evidence about U.S. surveillance programs.', "Is Edward Snowden a hero, a traitor or something in between? Here's a glance at your opinions about the NSA leaker.", 'With reports of NSA snooping, many people have started wondering about their personl internet security.', 'Click through our gallery to learn about other major leaks and what happened in the aftermath.', "What really goes on inside America's most secretive agency? CNN's Chris Lawrence reports."]