['animated flick "Hotel Transylvania." Earlier this year she filmed "Spring Breakers" alongside Vanessa Hudgens,  Heather Morris  and Ashley Benson in which she plays a college bad girl on spring break. The film hits theaters in March.', 'of alleged racy star pictures has hit the web. But this time around, the response couldn\'t be more different.  Heather Morris  , who plays ditzy cheerleader Brittany S. Pierce on "Glee," appears to be the latest victim of celebrity phone ', '1971 Michael C. Hall 1979 Rachelle LeFevre 1983 Andrew VanWyngarden 1984 Lee Thompson Young 1986 Lauren Conrad 1987  Heather Morris  View more videos from This Month in History: February .', 'one-night stands and girl-on-girl action. And a recent episode featuring Britney Spears -- as well as actress  Heather Morris , writhing around in skimpy outfits as she channeled the singer -- also raised eyebrows. "Anyone who thinks \'Glee ', 'Spears-themed song and dance was performed by "Glee" actress  Heather Morris , who plays Brittany S. Pierce, an aptly named cheerleader looks the same as he did on Full House." "Awww  Heather Morris  is sooo cute! Brittany S Pearce. Ha! She was so ', 'ABC News that the calorie counts are helpful, but only to a point. "It helps me to make better choices," said  Heather Morris , a Panera\'s customer. "The calorie count probably isn\'t going to change what I order," said Dennis LaLiberty ', 'Looks like star  Heather Morris  is the latest celebrity to have her cell phone hacked. Naked pictures reportedly of Morris who plays the ditzy blonde on the hit ', 'Looks like -- star Heather Morris is the latest celebrity to have her cell phone hacked. Naked pictures reportedly of Morris who plays the ditzy blonde -- on ', 'America flavor. But Nelson is so yeah because you are believed band that not particularly but I know that you show  Heather Morris  is one of the that plays the ditzy cheerleader. Recently posed for a series of controversial. photos photograph ', 'are believed band that not particularly but I know that you show Heather Morris is one of the -- -- that plays the ditzy cheerleader. Recently posed for a series of controversial. -- -- photos photograph ', 'had a first. The miracle at. People love those stories. We talked about the story yesterday that goes horribly  Heather Morris  told in this photograph imaginable archives and people criticized war glamorizing domestic violence in the photographer ', 'love those stories. We talked about the story yesterday that goes horribly Heather Morris told in this photograph imaginable archives and people criticized war glamorizing domestic violence in the photographer who shot that. Picture that -- ', "actress  Heather Morris  has proven she can dance on the hit fox show and now she's upping the entity more it shows began. video for Esquire Magazine ", "-- actress Heather Morris has proven she can dance on the hit fox show and now she's upping the entity more it shows -- began. -- "]