['If you ask Chris Trumbo -- the son of Dalton Trumbo, screenwriter of such movie classics as "Spartacus," "Exodus" and "Papillon" -- about what it was like growing up with a father who was blacklisted in the 1950s anti-communist furor, the answer may surprise you. "When people talk about the dark', 'Starring: Matt Damon, Julia Stiles,  Joan Allen , David Strathairn, Paddy Considine, Edgar Ramirez Supremacy") joins returning cast members Julia Stiles and  Joan Allen  and new additions David Strathairn, Paddy Considine ', 'Upside of Anger" has two great things going for it: Kevin Costner -- who hasn\'t been this good in years -- and  Joan Allen , always an Oscar-caliber actress and finally given an Oscar-caliber role. This is the kind of movie Hollywood doesn\'t ', "woman who is unknowingly romanced by the Tooth Fairy killer. In Manhunter, that role was played by The Contender's  Joan Allen . Norton, currently on-screen in the bank robbery drama The Score, will next be seen in the comedy Death to Smoochy ", "woman who is unknowingly romanced by the Tooth Fairy killer. In Manhunter, that role was played by The Contender's  Joan Allen . Norton, currently on-screen in the bank robbery drama The Score, will next be seen in the comedy Death to Smoochy ", "woman who is unknowingly romanced by the Tooth Fairy killer. In Manhunter, that role was played by The Contender's  Joan Allen . Norton, currently on-screen in the bank robbery drama The Score, will next be seen in the comedy Death to Smoochy ", "woman who is unknowingly romanced by the Tooth Fairy killer. In Manhunter, that role was played by The Contender's  Joan Allen . Norton, currently on-screen in the bank robbery drama The Score, will next be seen in the comedy Death to Smoochy ", "woman who is unknowingly romanced by the Tooth Fairy killer. In Manhunter, that role was played by The Contender's  Joan Allen . Norton, currently on-screen in the bank robbery drama The Score, will next be seen in the comedy Death to Smoochy ", "woman who is unknowingly romanced by the Tooth Fairy killer. In Manhunter, that role was played by The Contender's  Joan Allen . Norton, currently on-screen in the bank robbery drama The Score, will next be seen in the comedy Death to Smoochy ", 'glamorous and far more conservative than in Oscars past. Skin was not in, but big diamonds were. Stunners included  Joan Allen  in a peach sequined Michael Kors gown designed especially for the actress; Laura Linney, who looked lovely in cherry ', "large bodyguard, courtesy of jeweler Harry Winston, who'd lent her an enormous diamond collar. The Contender's  Joan Allen  was outfitted by Michael Kors, who made the statuesque Best Actress nominee a custom gown adorned with real coral beads ", "large bodyguard, courtesy of jeweler Harry Winston, who'd lent her an enormous diamond collar. The Contender's  Joan Allen  was outfitted by Michael Kors, who made the statuesque Best Actress nominee a custom gown adorned with real coral beads ", "large bodyguard, courtesy of jeweler Harry Winston, who'd lent her an enormous diamond collar. The Contender's  Joan Allen  was outfitted by Michael Kors, who made the statuesque Best Actress nominee a custom gown adorned with real coral beads ", "called lock which has come out and actually cancer to asthma attack that happened. Is that Dustin Hoffman in Nick Nolte  Joan Allen  and John Ortiz and David Milch is writing producing as well and it's it's just a beautiful beautiful project about ", "to asthma attack that happened. Is that Dustin Hoffman in Nick Nolte Joan Allen and John Ortiz and David Milch is writing -- -- producing as well and it's it's just a beautiful beautiful project about ", "played. San Diego Padres and happen. With the action on field it was all me. Little guy he's found out his name is  Joan Allen  Muhammad is on the thriller came on jump on doctor Michael on a big way. Maybe Jackson moves into action. All of it ", "it was all me. Little guy he's found out his name is Joan Allen Muhammad is on the thriller came on jump on doctor Michael on a big way. Maybe Jackson moves into -- action. All ", 'police do seem to have a compelling case and the authority is moving carefully deliberately and with great caution.  Joan Allen  Mohammed the older of the two is being killed initially on a federal firearms charge. His young associate John mobile ', 'and the authority is -- moving carefully deliberately and with great caution. Joan Allen Mohammed the older of the two is being killed initially on a federal firearms charge. His young associate John -- mobile was ', 'police do seem to have a compelling case and the authority is a moving carefully deliberately and with great caution.  Joan Allen  Mohammed the elder of the two is being killed initially on a federal firearms charge. His young associate John only ', 'and the authority is a moving carefully deliberately and with great caution. Joan Allen Mohammed the elder of the two is being killed initially on a federal firearms charge. His young associate John only Mobil was ', "That we we found really what was going on. And welcome back to hear more about Christopher. I don't wanna go to  Joan Allen  and had you tell us about your daughter. Well me it was also our first warm and was born under fairly trying circumstances ", "welcome back to hear more about Christopher. I don't wanna go to Joan Allen and had you tell us about your daughter. Well me it was also our first warm and was born under fairly trying ", "rolls over and then then residents. Home all shoulders even. How about that but also move in the can barely tell human  Joan Allen  and. You have 600 pounds ago almost anything to get annoyed if you don't go I don't know what is student here did ", "about that but also move in the can barely tell -- human Joan Allen and. You have 600 pounds ago almost anything to get annoyed if you don't go I don't know what is student here ", 'Allen when she came will be at twelve weeks. Starring  Joan Allen . Ian McShane. Not to mention just a few Performances ago might months shrill and we got terrific Constance.  Joan Allen . In the Imagine just a few retirees Gibson and now ', "Allen when she came -- -- will be at twelve weeks. Starring Joan Allen . Ian McShane. Not to mention just a few -- Performances and it's all right Susan Rice Britain's. Some of -- home launched ", 'ago might -- -- -- months shrill and we got terrific Constance. Joan Allen . In the -- Imagine just a few retirees Gibson and -- -- now. Incident than the secrecy and we get stuck in ']