['Actor discusses return to big screen with Helen Mirren, John Malkovich in sequel to hit film, "Red."', "actors.  Helen mirren  and sir anthony hopkins. They're teaming up once again on the big frank. Yeah. Frank, how are things? Reporter: I sat down with dame  helen mirren  and sir anthony hopkins. Two of hollywood's most distinguished actors ", 'actors. Helen mirren and sir anthony hopkins. They\'re teaming up once again on the big screen. It\'s a new action movie called "red 2." We ', 'frank. Yeah. Frank, how are things? Reporter: I sat down with dame helen mirren and sir anthony hopkins. Two of hollywood\'s most distinguished actors. They were in 2012\'s biopic "hitchcock." But playing "red" is altogether different. ', 'appropriately called. Once again stars Bruce Willis  Helen Mirren  Mary Louise Parker Anthony Hopkins John. shedding it Journal prefaced his review with this. Any movie that  Helen Mirren  a chance to issue really big guns where. Bunch of Chanel ', '-- read to was its appropriately called. Once again stars Bruce Willis Helen Mirren Mary Louise Parker -- Anthony Hopkins John. -- shedding it playing a team of operatives try to track. -- -- missing nuclear ', "Wall Street Journal prefaced his review with this. Any movie that -- Helen Mirren a chance to issue really big guns where. Bunch of Chanel Betty Davis Queen Elizabeth and all that stuff can you can't ", 'actress in a miniseries or a movie are. Jessica Lange American horror story asylum. Laura Linney the big seat after.  Helen Mirren  Phil Spector. Elizabeth on top of the lake. And Sigourney Weaver political animals. The nominees for outstanding ', 'Lange American horror story asylum. Laura Linney the big seat -- after. Helen Mirren Phil Spector. Elizabeth -- on top of the lake. And Sigourney Weaver political animals. The nominees for outstanding host for reality or ', 'the queen you might expect. Dame  Helen Mirren  to follow that would an action secrets I realized when it comes to  Helen Mirren . Expect the unexpected. What the wrong Dame Helen some stand  Helen Mirren  or dame Helen. But did not name ', "Queen Elizabeth missed his second in the queen you might expect. Dame Helen Mirren to follow that would an action movie but -- talking to the star of the new national treasure book of secrets I realized when it comes to Helen Mirren . Expect the unexpected. -- -- -- What I always say the wrong -- -- -- Dame Helen -- some -- stand Helen Mirren or dame Helen. But did not name -- net that they never I don't know why it's my -- the one thing ", "And then. Hi I'm Peter Travers and this is popcorn where we tell you what's happening at the movies and a major happening right now is a movie called the love ranch yes it's a different meaning it's about a war. In Nevada. And its stars dame Helen and it's directed by her husband Taylor hack for.", "So like always ask everybody to just seeing a little bit of something. I have that McCain had a lot of value landing I didn't want. You don't I don't know and I don't think Taylor's right behind. He's got a great buys saying can't you just sort of harmonized with whatever to do. What do you what do", "here welcome to popcorn it's just great to have you here great to be there aren't very many people that would follow winning 237. Awards at the appointee but. Win a popcorn popcorn so not only a good popcorn film but a movie in which Yahoo! after playing the queen and winning all these awards get", "A lot of talk about men and coach you didn't get continue fifteen to. We've just sort of against marriage. Goes against my junior station that. I wasn't against it I'm you know said it. I used to say it's attendant subject like spent much I've got nothing against turnips Protestant submitted to me.", 'Billy Crystal and  Helen Mirren  star in FunnyOrDie.com follow-up to 1989 comedy.', 'london, an actress lost her job for being a diva. The petulant pooch in the london stage hit, "the audience."  Helen mirren  is safe. Lizzie, one of the dogs playing the queen\'s precious pets refused to make her entrance on cue 16 times ', 'a diva. The petulant pooch in the london stage hit, "the audience." Helen mirren is safe. Lizzie, one of the dogs playing the queen\'s precious pets refused to make her entrance on cue 16 times in ', 'the legendary director. But unlike hitchcock films, this is a love story between hitchcock and his wife, played by  helen mirren , during the making of "psycho." I like it. I like it\'s about hitchcock and his relationship. Not just a remake ', 'this is a love story between hitchcock and his wife, played by helen mirren , during the making of "psycho." I like it. I like it\'s about hitchcock and his relationship. Not just a remake of the ', "their previous news that comment that Tribeca Grand Hotel here in New York City for a special screening of the starring  Helen Mirren . It's casting. We should never forget how young. it's two years ago these three to confront an unimaginable ", "in New York City for a special screening of the -- starring Helen Mirren . It's casting. We should never forget how young. -- it's two years ago these three -- to confront an unimaginable. Was the ", "jetted down skeletal hands in his don't look at that amazing resemblance play Janet Leigh in the movie on top of that  Helen Mirren . Is going to be there as Alfred also Jessica deals and even movie as well you see the amazing resemblance between ", '-- -- play Janet Leigh in the movie on top of that Helen Mirren . Is going to be there as Alfred -- also Jessica deals and even movie as well -- you see the amazing resemblance ', 'Oscar nominations are announced.  Helen Mirren  and Christopher Plummer are both There is got a great movie and both  Helen Mirren  and Christopher Plummer were nominated his marriage to Sophia played by  Helen Mirren  was an emotional war and penis ', 'names you very likely to hear when the Oscar nominations are announced. Helen Mirren and Christopher Plummer are both trying rave reviews for their performances in the new movie the last station. And they said Allan Cameron mathison who joins this morning from -- Anderson Cameron I cannot wait to see this movie. There is -- got a great movie and both Helen Mirren and Christopher Plummer were nominated for Golden Globes for the roles in the last station. Which takes a look at the final ', "I believe that -- corrupt social his marriage to Sophia played by Helen Mirren was an emotional war and penis or. Think he's -- -- He thinks he's Christ the title of their film the last ", "America. But. It's childhood I could. -- June. And to me both Helen Mirren and Christopher Plummer were nominated for Golden Globes for the last station. -- -- gotten good reviews on the red carpet and ", "foundation for the if They don't get credit but had. Not yet but they America I am bright Watercress leg skiing and  Helen Mirren  who everybody's talking about her for the queen but and she's been a longstanding heart she Avaya apple really sex ", "they -- America I am bright -- -- Watercress leg skiing and Helen Mirren who everybody's talking about her for the queen but and she's been a longstanding heart she -- Avaya apple really -- sex ", "or in early there early parts of their careers. Produces wanted them to finish auditions on the casting cast. Now  Helen Mirren  says she felt like a piece of meat after director made her flaunt her body and a casting session. I don't know what ", "careers. Produces wanted them to finish auditions on the casting cast. Now Helen Mirren says she felt like a piece of meat after director made her flaunt her body and a casting session. I don't know ", "FaceBook. I didn't know let FaceBook its. Sound like a huge waste of time. And she's not the only one there's  Helen Mirren  taking her hip hop and talented girls. And Cloris Leachman at age 82. Lasting six rounds on Dancing With The Stars ", "a huge waste of time. And she's not the only one there's Helen Mirren taking her hip hop and talented girls. And Cloris Leachman at age 82. Lasting six rounds on Dancing With The Stars. We "]