['Chavez gone, but far from forgotten as Venezuelan presidential campaigns start - CNN.com', '"I am not Chavez, but I am his son," Maduro says as he officially enters the race', 'Less than a week after his death, supporters sing along with a recording of Chavez', "(CNN) -- Hugo Chavez's voice boomed through the speakers at a Venezuelan campaign rally Monday, just minutes after the country's interim leader filed papers to run for president.", "The message was clear as Nicolas Maduro and his supporters from the United Socialist Party of Venezuela sang along with a recording of Chavez belting out Venezuela's national anthem.", "As Maduro spoke to a cheering crowd, a large photo of Chavez saluting hung behind him. As he filed his campaign platform with election officials, the 50-year-old former bus driver and union leader stressed his commitment to continuing the late president's legacy.", '"I am not Chavez, but I am his son," Maduro said. "And all together, the people, we are Chavez."', "In a national television broadcast less than a week ago, a tearful Maduro, then vice president, announced Chavez's death after suffering from cancer for a long time. Maduro was sworn in as interim president on Friday, and elections are scheduled for April 14.", "In December, Chavez didn't mince words when he told Venezuelans who he wanted to succeed him.", '"My firm opinion, as clear as the full moon -- irrevocable, absolute, total -- is ... that you elect Nicolas Maduro as president," Chavez said, waving a copy of the Venezuelan Constitution as he spoke. "I ask this of you from my heart. He is one of the young leaders with the greatest ability to continue, if I cannot."', 'But on Sunday, opposition candidate Henrique Capriles Radonski said he was ready for a tough fight.', '"Nicolas, I will not give you a free path," Capriles said to reporters. "You will have to defeat me with votes."', "Capriles, 40, ran against Chavez last year and lost. But he mounted one of the fiercest challenges during the late president's 14 years in power. On Monday, he also filed paperwork to run for the presidency, CNN affiliate Globovision reported.", "On Sunday, Capriles accused the government of manipulating Chavez's death for political gain.", '"My fight is not to be president. My fight is for Venezuela to move forward," Capriles said Sunday night.', "Whether Chavez's popular political movement will have enough momentum to win at the polls after his death remains to be seen, analysts have said.", '"Since he does not have charisma, he does not have the experience, he does not have military roots, I think that the Cubans and other friends of Chavez are looking at this election with a bit of nervousness," said Lino Gutierrez, a former U.S. ambassador in Argentina and Nicaragua who now runs an international consulting firm.', "But it remains probable that with Chavez's party backing him, Maduro has the necessary strength and support to win an election, said Carlos Manuel Indacochea, a professor at George Washington University.", "Less than six weeks after President Hugo Chavez's death, Venezuelans will head to the polls Sunday to pick a new leader. ", "The poor, usually marginalized by Latin American politicians, became Chavez's main weapon.", 'The plan to embalm the body of Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez may have hit a snag.', 'The body of Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez is the latest in a long line of world leaders whose remains have been embalmed and displayed.', 'Hugo Chavez, the polarizing president of Venezuela who cast himself as a "21st century socialist" and foe of the United States, died Tuesday.', "What is your reaction to President Chavez's death? How do you think it will affect Venezuela's politics? How does is affect your country?", "CNN's Rafael Romo looks back at the life of recently deceased Venezuelan leader Hugo Chavez.", 'Venezuela has been transformed while Chavez was in office. Browse through the picture to explore his legacy.', "A look back and the life and legacy of Venezuelan president Hugo Chavez. CNN's Jim Clancy reports.", 'Hugo Chavez played key role in focusing attention on the poor. But Frida Ghitis says in the process of helping the poor, he undermined the democracy.', "Jesse Jackson: Chavez's death an opportunity for U.S. and Venezuela to heal relations.", 'The death of the charismatic but controversial leader leaves many unanswered questions that Venezuela and the world must now grapple with.', "Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez sings with CNN's Larry King prior to his 2009 interview.", "News of Chavez's death drew impassioned reactions from around the world, as leaders and other public figures weighed in on his legacy. ", 'CNN looks back at some of the more memorable things President Hugo Chavez said during his life -- like calling George Bush the devil.', "He began his career as a bus driver, then rose through the ranks to become a member of Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez's inner circle.", 'Chavez will be remembered for improving the wealth and political participation of the poor. But his death leaves an economy in tatters, some say.', 'Kevin Spacey, Naomi Campbell, Diego Maradona. Browse through the pictures of Hollywood icons and global superstars that met Chavez.', 'Chavez cultivated a larger-than-life appearance. But even after years in office, his legacy may be more fleeting than his outsize personality suggested.', "Watch: In a 2009 interview, Larry King talks to Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez about Obama and Venezeula's global role."]