['I\'ve had to really stay focused and focus on my diet and concentrate on what I\'m putting in my body."  Hilary Duff Hilary Duff  is working hard to drop her pregnancy pounds and insists she\'s doing it the healthy way. The former teen star ', 'I\'ve had to really stay focused and focus on my diet and concentrate on what I\'m putting in my body."  Hilary Duff Hilary Duff  is working hard to drop her pregnancy pounds and insists she\'s doing it the healthy way. The former teen star ', 'reality: Your friends (or sister or brother or mother) paid him to do it. And they could get Snoop Dogg, Mike Tyson,  Hilary Duff  or even Ice-T\'s wife, Coco, to call you, too. Click HERE to listen to a message from Mike Tyson . "You\'d ', 'appearance. "I see Miley around the neighborhood. I see  Hilary Duff  walking her dog all the time. And I hadn\'t even had a picture with  Hilary Duff  yet, and she\'s one of my favorites. But I\'m like ', 'humorous TV PSAs with celebrities interrupting teenagers who use the term "that\'s so gay." In one video, celebrity  Hilary Duff  switches the tables on two girls picking out dresses in a store, scolding them for equating gay with "bad." In another ', 'and are often seen on your favorite celebrities. The Leather Dinosaur Studded Headband was recently seen on actresses  Hilary Duff  and Evan Rachel Wood. The Thin Leather Headwrap was worn recently by Charlize Theron and Olivia Wilde. All Jennifer ', 'has no income," said Feinstein, who is a business manager for actors including Taylor Lautner, Vanessa Hudgens and  Hilary Duff . "Clearly in 2000, he was bankrupt. What has transpired in the last 10 years is he has worked very little," said ', 'has no income," said Feinstein, who is a business manager for actors including Taylor Lautner, Vanessa Hudgens and  Hilary Duff . "Clearly in 2000, he was bankrupt. What has transpired in the last 10 years is he has worked very little," said ', 'Kelly Clarkson 42. Carrie Underwood 41. Amy Winehouse 40. Vanessa Hudgens 39. Katie Price 38. Ashley Tisdale 37.  Hilary Duff  36. Marilyn Monroe 35. Heidi Montag 34. Demi Moore 33. Jennifer Aniston 32. Hillary Clinton 31. Ciara 30. Kristen ', 'personality and professional drive -- in addition to repping Spears for the past five years, he also serves as an agent to  Hilary Duff , Taylor Swift and Paris Hilton -- and that may have made Spears see him as a potential partner. "The bottom line ', 'off since March. Trawick, 37, has represented Spears, 27, for about five years. He also serves as an agent to  Hilary Duff  , Taylor Swift and Paris Hilton . It seems that his relationship with Spears evolved from strictly business to something ', 'FRIDAY, Feb. 13 (HealthDay News) -- Actress  Hilary Duff  wearing Donna Karan, soap queen Susan Lucci wowing the crowd in Gustavo Cadile, skater Kristi Yamaguchi showing Olympic style ', 'does a line of vegan shoes) and  Hilary Duff , whose Stuff line made $5 million things made for the public."  Hilary Duff \'s successful clothing line Beautiful Lie" and "The Kill."  Hilary Duff , who has been successful in her ', 'you mentioned Jessica out and today but there is another actress expect an announcement. Yeah very surprising news  Hilary Duff  whose one year wedding anniversary happened this week took to her and web sites to announce that not only was she can ', 'but there is another actress expect an announcement. Yeah very surprising news Hilary Duff whose one year wedding anniversary happened this week took to her -- and web sites to announce that not only was she ', 'Actress releases new book "Devoted" as a sequel to her last paranormal thriller.', "Today joined by multi talented star  Hilary Duff . She's here to talk to us about her new role as Daniels an ABCs of beauty and the briefcase as well as all of her other projects ", "Today -- joined by multi talented star Hilary Duff . She's here to talk to us about her new role as -- Daniels an ABCs of beauty and the briefcase as well ", 'This week in music  Hilary Duff  bases with dignity. Known for being oh so sweet Hillary Duff has decided to show her nasty side. On the title track and dignity ', 'This week in music Hilary Duff bases with dignity. -- -- -- -- -- -- Known for being oh so sweet Hillary Duff has decided to show her ', 'My name is Claudia and I a big fan out from hiding. And few Me why you can like you have kind of. A fun character to play the I was so. I guess I am younger but I am I happen job that. Makes felt tip plant that happened really. Get little creep in Miami and I ten it still kind of indicated that the', "big star. Could this be the next  Hilary Duff . Is he another Will Smith. Fat the mall. When they nobody's  Hilary Duff . Jennifer Love Hewitt was seven old chances of becoming the next  Hilary Duff . Well the is no ordinary thirteen ", "emergence of Hollywood's next big star. Could this -- be the next Hilary Duff . Is he another Will Smith. Fat could this be a young -- -- -- -- -- yourself. The aspiring young actors in ", "played den mother and cheerleader to the mall. When they -- nobody's Hilary Duff . Jennifer Love Hewitt was -- -- seven years old. But I think Jennifer are you saying she -- a drop of a ", 'What an ordinary thirteen year old -- chances of becoming the next Hilary Duff . Well the -- is no ordinary thirteen year old girl. At the age of eight she was starting the -- is winning ', "the papzi pick. Ladies and gentlemen, jessica alba,  hilary duff , and halle berry have been spotted at a round of pumpkin and her 4-year-old daughter were face painting.  Hilary duff  brought her 4-month-old son. We don't have the ", "perfect pumpkin pictures can the papzi pick. Ladies and gentlemen, jessica alba, hilary duff , and halle berry have been spotted at a round of pumpkin picking. Alba and her 4-year-old daughter were face painting. Hilary duff brought her 4-month-old son. We don't have the pictures but we understand george and family were picking pumpkins out east. Harper named "]