["Jill Clayburgh's  Legacy: After 'An Unmarried Woman,' Actresses Redefine Independence", 'Back in 1978, in the movie "An Unmarried Woman,"  Jill Clayburgh  played a well-to-do woman, Erica, whose husband They\'re depicted as ripe rather than ridiculous."  Jill Clayburgh  helped redefine what it means for a woman to be on ', 'Hollywood and Broadway actress  Jill Clayburgh  has died at the age of 66 after fighting a 21-year battle with chronic lymphocytic leukemia. Clayburgh died Friday surrounded ', "the problems of money tell me about the. It's about a very wealthy New York family the darlings Donald Sutherland  Jill Clayburgh  played the patriarch and matriarch of the family. And in the in the in the world to the show my father was there ", 'a very wealthy New York family -- the darlings Donald Sutherland -- Jill Clayburgh played the patriarch and matriarch of the family. And in the in the in the world to the show my father was ', 'affair with. Petition girl took to you EC to surround yourself with and wonderful actor. But really fine actors  Jill Clayburgh  Donald Sutherland William Baldwin a hero to me. And at six feet under the same thing we just Ed Begley junior on ', 'surround yourself with and -- -- wonderful actor. But really fine actors Jill Clayburgh Donald Sutherland William Baldwin a hero to me. And at six feet under the same thing we just -- Ed Begley junior ', 'National Park not in Minneapolis. Continues to serve fancy meals on real China with real stem just like Gene Wilder and  Jill Clayburgh  enjoyed in silver streak one message while. Flipped oriental Skaggs. Coffee. Apple. Thanks. No apple pie mode ', 'on real China with real stem -- just like Gene Wilder and Jill Clayburgh enjoyed in silver streak one message while. Flipped -- oriental Skaggs. Coffee. Apple. Thanks. No apple pie -- mode but there is ', 'Park not in Minneapolis. Continues to serve up fancy meals on real China with real stem just like Gene Wilder and  Jill Clayburgh  enjoyed in silver streak. In the incident want fruit beef oriental rice carrots. Coffee. Apple Banks no apple pie ', 'on real China with real stem -- just like Gene Wilder and Jill Clayburgh enjoyed in silver streak. In the incident want -- fruit beef oriental rice carrots. Coffee. Apple -- Banks no apple pie ala ']