['Darlene Love is 72. Singer Brenton Wood is 72. Rock star Mick Jagger is 70. Movie director Peter Hyams is 70. Actress  Helen Mirren  is 68. Rock musician Roger Taylor (Queen) is 64. Actress Susan George is 63. Olympic gold medal figure skater Dorothy ', 'opened with $21.3 million in third place. Summit Entertainment\'s "Red 2," which stars Bruce Willis and  Helen Mirren  as retired CIA operatives, debuted with $18 million in fifth place. The top 20 movies at U.S. and Canadian theaters ', "William Obviously Hugh Grant. Like. Are we even discussing this? Are we even? Are we? Are? Queen Elizabeth While  Helen Mirren  did a truly wonderful job playing HRH in The Queen , she doesn't want to be typecast , and we respect that. That's ", 'its second week of release, earning $20 million. Summit Entertainment\'s "Red 2," which stars Bruce Willis and  Helen Mirren  as retired CIA operatives, debuted in fifth place with $18.5 million. The weekend\'s other new big release, the ', 'Jessica Lange, "American Horror Story: Asylum," FX Networks; Laura Linney, "The Big C: Hereafter," Showtime;  Helen Mirren , "Phil Spector," HBO; Sigourney Weaver, "Political Animals," USA; Elisabeth Moss, "Top of the Lake," Sundance ', 'Actress in a Miniseries or Movie Jessica Lange, American Horror Story: Asylum Laura Linney, The Big C: Hereafter  Helen Mirren , Phil Spector Elisabeth Moss, Top of the Lake Sigourney Weaver, Political Animals Lead Actor in a Miniseries or Movie ', 'Movie stars with a shot at Emmy gold include Michael Douglas and Matt Damon in "Behind the Candelabra"; Al Pacino and  Helen Mirren  in "Phil Spector"; Holly Hunter in "Top of the Lake"; Shirley MacLaine in "Downton Abbey," Jeff Daniels in ', 'we say, mature stars. Those stars include Bruce Willis (58), Anthony Hopkins (75), John Malkovich (59) and  Helen Mirren  (67) in "Red 2" and Jeff Bridges (63) and Kevin Bacon (55) in "R.I.P.D.," which, by the way, stands ', '87. Singer Darlene Love is 72. Singer Brenton Wood is 72. Singer Mick Jagger of the Rolling Stones is 70. Actress  Helen Mirren  is 68. Drummer Roger Taylor of Queen is 64. Actress Susan George is 63. Actor Kevin Spacey is 54. Singer Gary Cherone ', 'boy\'s wish to meet Queen Elizabeth was rejected,  Helen Mirren  , acting as the Queen, stepped in to have tea with did it all properly for him," Browne added. READ:  Helen Mirren , as Queen, Gives Drummers Royal Rebuke Oliver, who ', 'Boneau/AP Photo) Dressed as Queen Elizabeth, actress  Helen Mirren  stunned a band of street drummers into silence after organizer Mark McKenzie told the Telegraph. "But seeing  Helen Mirren  dressed as the queen cussing and swearing and making ', 'Oscar Documentaries Take on AIDS, Rape in Military, Israeli-Palestinian Conflict, a Lost Musician', 'flashing, microphones everywhere, sandwiched in between Al Gore and the Queen. Well, not exactly the queen -- it was  Helen Mirren , who had starred in "The Queen." And nobody knew who he was. "The journalists who are all there, in huge numbers ', 'could earn a nod, although Adams doesn\'t see her ultimately winning. Rachel Weisz for "The Deep Blue Sea,"  Helen Mirren  for "Hitchcock" and Kiera Knightley for "Anna Karenina" are potential upstarts. Supporting Actor Adams\' picks ', 'continue in the same road. With  helen mirren  playing the sharpshooter. John you still can. Dare we ask what  helen mirren  is doing with that bottle of bleach first description in your mind.  Helen mirren .  Helen mirren , sexy with a gun ', 'fade in. In "red 2," you continue in the same road. With helen mirren playing the sharpshooter. John malkovich as your extremely paranoid expartner. And marie louise as your girlfriend. Let\'s take a look at a ', "important to enjoy life while you still can. Dare we ask what helen mirren is doing with that bottle of bleach? Would you like to know? Yes. She's disposing of about nine bodies. That's what -- ", "of your cast members. Give me the first description in your mind. Helen mirren . Helen mirren , sexy with a gun. Catherine zeta-jones. Great kisser. Marie louise parker. A great kisser. John malkovich? John malkovich -- don't say great ", "actors.  Helen mirren  and sir anthony hopkins. They're teaming up once again on the big frank. Yeah. Frank, how are things? Reporter: I sat down with dame  helen mirren  and sir anthony hopkins. Two of hollywood's most distinguished actors ", 'actors. Helen mirren and sir anthony hopkins. They\'re teaming up once again on the big screen. It\'s a new action movie called "red 2." We ', 'frank. Yeah. Frank, how are things? Reporter: I sat down with dame helen mirren and sir anthony hopkins. Two of hollywood\'s most distinguished actors. They were in 2012\'s biopic "hitchcock." But playing "red" is altogether different. ', 'appropriately called. Once again stars Bruce Willis  Helen Mirren  Mary Louise Parker Anthony Hopkins John. shedding it Journal prefaced his review with this. Any movie that  Helen Mirren  a chance to issue really big guns where. Bunch of Chanel ', '-- read to was its appropriately called. Once again stars Bruce Willis Helen Mirren Mary Louise Parker -- Anthony Hopkins John. -- shedding it playing a team of operatives try to track. -- -- missing nuclear ', "Wall Street Journal prefaced his review with this. Any movie that -- Helen Mirren a chance to issue really big guns where. Bunch of Chanel Betty Davis Queen Elizabeth and all that stuff can you can't ", 'actress in a miniseries or a movie are. Jessica Lange American horror story asylum. Laura Linney the big seat after.  Helen Mirren  Phil Spector. Elizabeth on top of the lake. And Sigourney Weaver political animals. The nominees for outstanding ', 'Lange American horror story asylum. Laura Linney the big seat -- after. Helen Mirren Phil Spector. Elizabeth -- on top of the lake. And Sigourney Weaver political animals. The nominees for outstanding host for reality or ', 'the queen you might expect. Dame  Helen Mirren  to follow that would an action secrets I realized when it comes to  Helen Mirren . Expect the unexpected. What the wrong Dame Helen some stand  Helen Mirren  or dame Helen. But did not name ', "Queen Elizabeth missed his second in the queen you might expect. Dame Helen Mirren to follow that would an action movie but -- talking to the star of the new national treasure book of secrets I realized when it comes to Helen Mirren . Expect the unexpected. -- -- -- What I always say the wrong -- -- -- Dame Helen -- some -- stand Helen Mirren or dame Helen. But did not name -- net that they never I don't know why it's my -- the one thing ", "And then. Hi I'm Peter Travers and this is popcorn where we tell you what's happening at the movies and a major happening right now is a movie called the love ranch yes it's a different meaning it's about a war. In Nevada. And its stars dame Helen and it's directed by her husband Taylor hack for."]