["letter flail a little bit and and you to back after who's the adults in the right if had to step back. The wagon and  Jill Bennett  asking you can't like get sucked that drowning either all right some good advice we talking to you thanks for coming ", "in the right if -- had to step back. The wagon and Jill Bennett asking you can't like get sucked -- -- that drowning either all right -- some good advice we -- talking to you ", 'Researchers at Penn state College of Medicine they gave lower dose can help millions of patients with disease it. Doctor  Jill Bennett  is proving any small pilot study that LB and candy symptoms of for some patients. And improve quality of life. Just ', 'dose can help millions of patients with -- -- disease it. Doctor Jill Bennett is -- proving any small pilot study that LB and candy -- symptoms of -- for some patients. And improve quality of ', 'packages to consumers that have cable TB high speed Internet home and wireless service all racing for the customers out there. AT&T but that had bought parent else that is all for now at the NASDAQ on reporter  Jill Bennett  for ABC news.', 'else that is all for now at the NASDAQ on -- reporter Jill Bennett for ABC news. ', "accounted for ten point three cent drop in gasoline Detroit. Has the cheapest gas in the nation at 186 a gallon the highest it it is in Honolulu eight to 81 And it's all for the NASDAQ business week reporter  Jill Bennett  for ABC news.", "-- And it's all for -- the NASDAQ -- business week reporter Jill Bennett for ABC news. ", 'think paychecks are bigger and larger companies from selling concert but nearly half said the work life balance was one of the reasons. They decided to stay at small And that is all for the NASDAQ business reporter  Jill Bennett  for ABC news.', 'And that is all for -- the NASDAQ -- business -- reporter Jill Bennett for ABC news. ', 'according to a study by the organizers of the expo trade fair. And they also say that tequila cognac and are set to overtake vodka. As the fastest growing spirit officials at all out the NASDAQ business week reporter  Jill Bennett  for ABC news.', 'officials at all -- -- out the NASDAQ -- business week reporter Jill Bennett for ABC news. ', "apparently 15%. Of workers admit that they have called in sick to be Monday after the Super Bowl. That's from a monster.com survey to keep that is in check that's all for the NASDAQ business week reported  Jill Bennett  for ABC news.", "in check that's all for -- the NASDAQ -- business week reported Jill Bennett for ABC news. ", "sales producing the largest amount the industry's revenue. Research for them and research firm NPD group reports online toy sales jumped by 12%. And that is all for now at the NASDAQ business week reporter  Jill Bennett  for ABC news.", 'that is all for now at the NASDAQ -- business week reporter Jill Bennett for ABC news. ', 'you can expect to pay and other five to ten cents per gallon next week or so. Because retailers get passed down all the increases from the spike in crude oil. And that is all for now the NASDAQ on business reporter  Jill Bennett  ABC news.', 'oil. And that is all for now the NASDAQ on business reporter Jill Bennett -- ABC news. ']