["Better, he says, to give respondents a limited list of options. It's wise too, to keep close tabs on responses.  Ben Foster , senior vice present of digital media for Ketchum public relations, says companies make a mistake by not keeping close ", 'Messenger," which opens Nov. 13, Woody Harrelson and  Ben Foster  play two officers on casualty-notification duty, in HERE to see the full discussion with Woody Harrelson and  Ben Foster . We also checked in with ABC\'s George Stephanopoulos ', 'critic\'s favorite, the movie is driven by powerful performances from Russell Crowe and Christian Bale, but a smarmy  Ben Foster  steals almost every scene he\'s in. " Zodiac " was nominated for the Palm d\'Or at last year\'s Cannes Film Festival ', 'The Itch" with Jim Harry and Billy Steinberg, who also worked on other songs for the new album. Get Over It stars  Ben Foster  and Kirsten Dunst appear in the video, and C plays herself in the movie, which is due to open in January. Before that ', 'The Itch" with Jim Harry and Billy Steinberg, who also worked on other songs for the new album. Get Over It stars  Ben Foster  and Kirsten Dunst appear in the video, and C plays herself in the movie, which is due to open in January. Before that ', 'The Itch" with Jim Harry and Billy Steinberg, who also worked on other songs for the new album. Get Over It stars  Ben Foster  and Kirsten Dunst appear in the video, and C plays herself in the movie, which is due to open in January. Before that ', 'The Itch" with Jim Harry and Billy Steinberg, who also worked on other songs for the new album. Get Over It stars  Ben Foster  and Kirsten Dunst appear in the video, and C plays herself in the movie, which is due to open in January. Before that ', 'The Itch" with Jim Harry and Billy Steinberg, who also worked on other songs for the new album. Get Over It stars  Ben Foster  and Kirsten Dunst appear in the video, and C plays herself in the movie, which is due to open in January. Before that ', 'The Itch" with Jim Harry and Billy Steinberg, who also worked on other songs for the new album. Get Over It stars  Ben Foster  and Kirsten Dunst appear in the video, and C plays herself in the movie, which is due to open in January. Before that ', 'The Itch" with Jim Harry and Billy Steinberg, who also worked on other songs for the new album. Get Over It stars  Ben Foster  and Kirsten Dunst appear in the video, and C plays herself in the movie, which is due to open in January. Before that ', "stories we're of course talking about the new found 310 to you And we are so thrilled to be joined by the very talented  Ben Foster  plays character Charlie in found. thanks so much for joining us and So now first please tell me about this but is it ", 'And we are so thrilled to be joined by the very talented Ben Foster plays character Charlie -- in -- found. -- thanks so much for joining us and -- So now first please tell me ', "decorated war hero in back stateside now he's played by  Ben Foster  by the way who sort of went up and coming actor he's Oscar nominations for Woody Harrelson and maybe even for  Ben Foster . We should just ask someone not a notification. Definitely ", "decorated war hero in -- -- back stateside now he's played by Ben Foster by the way who sort of went up and coming actor he's back from the war zone and He has this final ", 'you can expect Oscar nominations for Woody Harrelson and maybe even for Ben Foster . We should just ask someone -- not a notification. Definitely positively. Do not ask for free indirect. So GPS no map quest ', "war hero and Iraqis back stateside now he's played by  Ben Foster  by the way who sort of up and coming actor he's back Oscar nominations for Woody Harrelson and maybe even for  Ben Foster . We should just ask someone not a notification. Definitely ", "was decorated war hero and Iraqis back stateside now he's played by Ben Foster by the way who sort of -- up and coming actor he's back from the war zone and He has this final ", 'you can expect Oscar nominations for Woody Harrelson and maybe even for Ben Foster . We should just ask someone -- not a notification. Definitely arson tip late you know ask for free indirect. So GPS no ']