["fascinating. All that wasn't enoughfor  ben affleck . (man) HOW ABOUT A SMILE? This is the year  ben affleck  took hollywood by storm. (protestors harvard-educated teacher. I'm  ben affleck , and I'm in the arctic testchamber ", 'so very good-looking. That\'s what makes himso fascinating. All that wasn\'t enoughfor ben affleck . (man) HOW ABOUT A SMILE? This is the year ben affleck took hollywood by storm. (protestors shout indistinctly) He produced, directed,and starred in "argo." It\'s gonna take a miracleto get them out. The ', "to help support the family. His mother was a harvard-educated teacher. I'm ben affleck , and I'm in the arctic testchamber for the united states... He started acting at 7. By 11, he was starringin a pbs series. Hi. I'm still ben affleck . I don't know. He's beenon my case for days. Everything I do is wrong. Tv movies and commercialsfollowed. HELLO? (woman, breathy voice) ", 'of conflate us with our characters. Yeah. And the oscar goes to... Ben affleck and matt damon! Ben and matt won the oscarfor best original screenplay. (laughs)I JUST SAID TO MATT, "Losing would suck and winning ', 'have to I thought everyone is standing ovation at the end of at it already has one choice award and a Golden Globe but  Ben Affleck  is not. On the ballot. As to start a strange teaching which is the somewhat crazy and can become only the fourth number ', 'already has one -- -- choice award and a Golden Globe but Ben Affleck is not. On the ballot. As to start a strange teaching which is the somewhat crazy and can become only the fourth ', 'stories trending right now. Indeeding a do-over for  ben affleck . And the latest on sharon and ozzy osbourne. Peter is here from "people" magazine. Let\'s talk about  ben affleck . We remember the oscar speech. He had a do-over on ', '"heat index," the hottest stories trending right now. Indeeding a do-over for ben affleck . And the latest on sharon and ozzy osbourne. Peter is here from "people" magazine. Let\'s talk about ben affleck . We remember the oscar speech. He had a do-over on "saturday night live." Take a look. I want to tell you how ', "biggest oscar snubs of the year,  ben affleck  ignored for his critically appraised los angeles. This seems to be  ben affleck 's year. It could be, bianna. Well,  ben affleck 's big win last night now makes ", 'It\'s being called one of the biggest oscar snubs of the year, ben affleck ignored for his critically appraised film "argo." He won the director\'s guild award after taking home a golden globe and s.A.G. Award. Reversal of fortune when you consider where his career was heading before he stepped behind the camera. Rachel smith joins us from los angeles. This seems to be ben affleck\'s year. It could be, bianna. Well, ben affleck\'s big win last night now makes for an intriguing oscar because dga award winners almost always go on to win the oscar for best director and their movie for best picture. Not the case this year. "Argo" is nominated for an oscar but its director, ben affleck , isn\'t. Ben k. Reporter: Ather mission accolished for "argo." I tried really hard, I worked really hard at this. Reporter: Its director ben affleck , the first time directors guild of america nominee taking home the award for outstanding directorial achievement for a feature film. I\'m really ', 'throughout the season and now with this, the director\'s prize going to ben affleck and not spielberg, I think "lincoln" has become the serious underdog. Reporter: Yet "lincoln" has the most nominations, 12, including best picture ', 'out. And joining us is joel edgerton. Great to have you here. Thank you very much. You stepped into the role after  ben affleck  stepped out of it. Yeah, ben was supposed to do -- "argo." He was going to be tom and thankfully someone gave ', 'you here. Thank you very much. You stepped into the role after ben affleck stepped out of it. Yeah, ben was supposed to do -- "argo." He was going to be tom and thankfully someone gave ', "certain searches. Early tweets couldn't suppress the excitement. From Leonardo DiCaprio historic day well done scotus  Ben Affleck  big news from the Supreme Court goodbye don't prop Hello equality. Perez Hilton keep calm and marry on. Don't wanna ", "couldn't suppress the excitement. From Leonardo DiCaprio historic day well done scotus Ben Affleck big news from the Supreme Court goodbye don't -- prop -- Hello equality. Perez Hilton keep calm and marry on. -- -- ", "have no rights to do. Reporter: Suri cruise has tried to tell them to stop. You have enough pictures. Reporter:  Ben affleck  has fought back. And meet ricardo mendoza, and i asked him if he would try to snap pictures of halle berry's children ", "has tried to tell them to stop. You have enough pictures. Reporter: Ben affleck has fought back. And meet ricardo mendoza, and i asked him if he would try to snap pictures of halle berry's children ", "certain searches. Early tweets couldn't suppress the excitement. From Leonardo DiCaprio historic day well done scotus  Ben Affleck  big news from the Supreme Court goodbye don't prop eight. Hello equality. Perez Hilton keep calm and marry on ", "couldn't suppress the excitement. From Leonardo DiCaprio historic day well done scotus Ben Affleck big news from the Supreme Court goodbye don't -- prop eight. Hello equality. Perez Hilton keep calm and marry on. -- -- ", "good fine just about Jennifer Garner and her marriage to  Ben Affleck  and apparently it all stems or. Revolves around the Red Sox Jennifer Garner said her marriage to  Ben Affleck  wouldn't have happened without the Red Sox World Series ", "managers very good fine just about Jennifer Garner and her marriage to Ben Affleck and apparently it all stems or. Revolves around the Red Sox Jennifer Garner said her marriage to Ben Affleck wouldn't have happened without the Red Sox World Series victory back in 2004. She says basically. If they hadn't -- -- -- ", 'You see  Ben Affleck  right there are pursuing an Austrian passion ending the violence bringing again this week with the rebels taking over much of the country. And  Ben Affleck  is here with us today along democratic congressman Adam Smith of Washington ', 'You see Ben Affleck right there are pursuing an Austrian passion ending the violence bringing real development. For the long suffering people of the eastern Congo in Africa that war flared again this week with the rebels taking over much of the country. And Ben Affleck is here with us today along -- democratic congressman Adam Smith of Washington ranking member of the house armed services committee and ', "Actor  Ben Affleck  has said that becoming a father has perhaps made him feel more acutely from the pain of others the last eight months he's traveled ", 'Actor Ben Affleck has said that becoming a father has perhaps made him feel more acutely from the pain of others -- the last eight ', "And he is dropping a big hint.  Ben affleck  dropping more than a hint in an his career. But increasingly,  ben affleck 's name is coming up as a powerhouse up and so ugly now. My name is  ben affleck . Reporter: Last week, affleck ", "he may jump into politics. And he is dropping a big hint. Ben affleck dropping more than a hint in an interview with gq.Com. He has a verbal smackdown. As the political star and polish has ridden steadily. We think everybody knows hollywood. Reporter: We know him as a movie star and director. His handsome face attracting magazine covers and beautiful women throughout his career. But increasingly, ben affleck's name is coming up as a powerhouse political candidate. Now, in an interview, affleck puts the brakes on all that speculation. Saying ", 'People get so wound up and so ugly now. My name is ben affleck . Reporter: Last week, affleck testified before congress on security concerns in the congo. He sat down to discuss politics and humanity concerns ', 'story slipped under the radar, now  ben affleck  is telling it. It takes place showdown. And the oscar goes to --  ben affleck  and matt damon. Reporter: When "good will hunting" brought  ben affleck  a writing oscar at age 25, it ', 'hostage in iran. But one incredible story slipped under the radar, now ben affleck is telling it. It takes place 32 years ago, just as abc\'s "nightline" was created to report on the hostage crisis. Tonight, "nightline" anchor bill weir goes back in time to that showdown. And the oscar goes to -- ben affleck and matt damon. Reporter: When "good will hunting" brought ben affleck a writing oscar at age 25, it was enough to turn tinseltown green. And in the coming years, critics would mock his ', 'they\'re -- how competent and amazing they are. And so we choose ben affleck for telling the story of these heroes and that daring rescue 32 years ago. He\'s our "person of the week." ', "I'm here with  ben affleck . He directs a new movie called Of six americans trapped in a tehran You send them there, he takes them out of the commercial flight.  Ben affleck  joins us now. You play tony mendez in that film. Cia operative ", "I'm here with ben affleck . He directs a new movie called Of six americans trapped in a tehran hostage crisis. Take a look at this scene where ", 'You send them there, he takes them out of the commercial flight. Ben affleck joins us now. You play tony mendez in that film. Cia operative. He actually comes up what you call in the film ', "tabloids stalked him, some in hollywood wondered if  ben affleck  was just a guy matt damon brought along for the ride who are great partners and now they're in business.  Ben affleck . Reporter: And while he still lobbies the u.S. Government ", 'mocked him and the tabloids stalked him, some in hollywood wondered if ben affleck was just a guy matt damon brought along for the ride. Not anymore, as he built a family life and a passion ', "here, theo chocolates, who are great partners and now they're in business. Ben affleck . Reporter: And while he still lobbies the u.S. Government to put diplomatic pressure on congo to help their people, the democrat is ", "clip. Here's, he's explaining what's going on to  ben affleck 's character. Ben plays a cia agent. Go. Traffic compelling. And the script was just tight and wonderful.  Ben affleck 's direction was impeccable. He's a great guy. Very ", "to get to the clip. Here's, he's explaining what's going on to ben affleck's character. Ben plays a cia agent. Go. Traffic calls them house guests. They haven't left the canadian ambassador's house since it happened. ", "watches this. It's compelling. And the script was just tight and wonderful. Ben affleck's direction was impeccable. He's a great guy. Very smart. And a real passion for the story. I remember talking to you in ", 'The actor says he kicked up his leg to set boundaries for celebrity photographers.', "Jack performed armed pushups Adrien Brody locked lips with Halley Berry Sally you really like me. Make it a memorable acceptance speech is an. I think everyone in the movie on the movie worked on the did anything with this movie gets thanks Olympic Canada I don't think there are our friends in in", "george clooney,  ben affleck . The introduction from michelle obama. But them all up there. The it's a great action figures. We had buyer's remorse until ", "george clooney, ben affleck . The introduction from michelle obama. But them all up there. The it's a great action figures. We had buyer's remorse until tonight. "]