['asked on Twitter earlier today. If you answered yes, you\'re in luck: Just moments before, his wife, actress  JoAnna Garcia  tweeted this sweet shot of their four-week-old daughter. "@NickSwisher & I would like you all to meet our little ', 'On Tuesday,  JoAnna Garcia  and Nick Swisher welcomed their daughter into the world, and now, they\'re revealing her name: Emerson Jay Swisher. "We are ', '(Photo credit: Michael Kovac/Getty Images)  JoAnna Garcia  and Nick Swisher are parents! On Tuesday, the "Reba" actress and her husband welcomed their first child, a daughter, Garcia\'s ', 'Jerritt Clark/Getty Images Congratulations are in order for former New York Yankees outfielder Nick Swisher and actress  JoAnna Garcia . The two announced on their social media accounts Monday a baby is on the way. Swisher, 31, took to his Facebook ', 'Queen of Country Reba McEntire Has Forged Some Surprising Connections Beyond Country Music', 'Rodriguez\'s teammate Nick Swisher to sitcom star  Joanna Garcia . Any suggestion that a Diaz-Rodriguez wedding was a good way to judge someone\'s character."  Joanna Garcia Joanna Garcia  appears to be an equally nice girl. The 31-year-old ', 'were very very young and then  Joanna Garcia  and I. I think at a young scam there. And I know that you and  Joanna Garcia  and a lot of fun doing this a actually enjoyed working with  Joanna Garcia  at a really worked. Alongside ', 'we -- our friends and we were very very young and then Joanna Garcia and I. I think at a young scam and come back home and realize that the girl that we had not been ', "-- -- -- hang in there. And I know that you and Joanna Garcia and a lot of fun doing this -- a lot of serious scenes but. Was like behind the scenes working with there. Gray actually enjoyed working with Joanna Garcia at a really worked. Alongside. A girl like that and a long time since That's So Raven it's funny how -- headed ", "Kate Hudson prior to Diaz. He's not the only Yankee to go Hollywood Nick Swisher just married better with star.  Joanna Garcia  shortstop and team captain Derek Jeter is dating actress Mika Kelly.", 'to go Hollywood -- Nick Swisher just married better with -- star. Joanna Garcia shortstop and team captain Derek Jeter is dating actress Mika Kelly. ']