["only one name on our list of that at the legendary.  Joan Collins  as we see her do that split here what is her secret is not just beauty is inspirational as well. I did  Joan Collins  thank you Rutledge privilege it's called the art to ", "There's only one name on our list of that at the legendary. Joan Collins as we see her do that split here what is her secret. We'll -- a written it down a -- A new ", "is not just beauty is inspirational as well. I did -- -- Joan Collins thank you Rutledge -- privilege it's called the art to living well looking good. Feeling great. ", "community and trying to. Integrate into the single world and what they really activists is being married and we've.  Joan Collins  starring and that as well as much you know wonderful cast of regulars asking for rapes and line up of yeah are calling ", "single world and what they really activists is being married and we've. Joan Collins starring and that as well as -- much you know wonderful cast of regulars asking for rapes and line up of yeah ", "Phoenix. The earth. just Johnson. You Boston.  Joan Collins . Okay. Okay everybody you have Justine is seen from John Carter. And we have John Carter himself right here they kept. Let's ", 'Phoenix. The earth. -- just Johnson. You -- Boston. Joan Collins . Okay. Okay everybody you have Justine is seen from John Carter. And we have John Carter himself right here they -- kept. ', "like watching mean people and entertainment it's pure entertainment that's all caught Soap operas it was ever thus  Joan Collins  on dynasty. And Heather Locklear Melrose Place shut up these days Madeleine Stowe on revenge. Down her in the morning ", "pure entertainment that's all caught -- Soap operas it was ever thus Joan Collins on dynasty. -- -- And Heather Locklear Melrose Place shut up these days Madeleine Stowe on revenge. Down her -- in the ", 'Phoenix. The earth. just Johnson. You Boston.  Joan Collins . Okay. Okay everybody you have just seen a scene from John Carter. And we have John Carter himself right here Taylor kept ', 'Phoenix. The earth. -- just Johnson. You -- Boston. Joan Collins . Okay. Okay everybody you have just seen a scene from John Carter. And we have John Carter himself right here Taylor kept. ', "auditions which we did nothing about dominion which became famous yes go to like our smoke summoning up its I mean it I'm  Joan Collins  amendment or in 1980s Edmonton of them back in fact. And He our allies. And not be enough podium isn't it isn't ", "to like our smoke summoning up its I mean it -- I'm Joan Collins amendment -- -- -- -- or in 1980s Edmonton of them back in fact. And He -- our allies. And not be ", "know how many might Delors they're getting past how many slipping through the cracks Ryan. The novel and MacLaine  Joan Collins  was it actually same age as opposed a year behind it's you wanna make sure a state champion pole vault has opposed ", "past how many slipping through the cracks Ryan. The novel and MacLaine Joan Collins was it actually -- same age as opposed a year behind it's -- you wanna make sure -- -- -- -- a ", "But I cried my eyes out on the airplane watching Sandra Bullock in that and so who wins. This is the equivalent of  Joan Collins  and when that happens in the old days of dynasty you know that the I think street wins it. I think street I think it's ", 'in that and -- so who wins. This is the equivalent of Joan Collins and when that happens in the old days of dynasty you know that -- the I think street wins it. I think ', "court action. Cowboy from. Christie Brinkley Jane Fonda do you think it's just that Sometimes and dynasties daughter  Joan Collins  have a philosophy by which human. My thoughts with life is a banquet and most push back as a starting today. The the ", "Fonda do you think it's just that -- Sometimes and dynasties daughter Joan Collins -- have a philosophy by which human. My thoughts with -- life is a banquet and most push back as a starting ", "it'll be on hand for the tribute to recently deceased mega producer Aaron Spelling. Some of his so called girl like  Joan Collins  and Heather Locklear are expected to be on stage but will his own little in attendance. As a lot of speculation over ", '-- mega producer Aaron Spelling. Some of his so called girl like Joan Collins and Heather Locklear are expected to be on stage but will his own little -- in attendance. As a lot of speculation ', "got married after midnight here. And I did Bruce Wilson didn't Demi Moore and they were married after midnight.  Joan Collins  with married after midnight. About 5000 licenses a year are granted in the wee hour things here. But the county decided ", "did Bruce Wilson didn't Demi Moore and they were married after midnight. Joan Collins with married after midnight. About 5000 licenses a year are granted in the wee hour things here. But the county decided it's "]