['Lively, who find themselves targeted by ruthless members of a Mexican drug cartel led by Salma Hayek and her enforcer  Benicio Del Toro . Dark, violent and sure to be savage, "Savages" harkens back to Stone\'s "Natural Born Killers." It also ', 'Traffic (2000) category: Alexa Keyes, Digital Intern (Image Credit: Universal) Michael Douglas is a drug czar,  Benicio del Toro  is a Mexican cop and Catherine Zeta Jones is the wife of a major drug cartel boss in this star-studded film that ', "luxurious Mercer Hotel in Soho is  Benicio del Toro , who has come as part of a junket difficult job in your career?  Benicio Del Toro : Yeah, definitely. Because Selecciones' interview with  Benicio Del Toro , check out the latest issue ", 'double-feature of Soderbergh\'s two-part Che Guevara biopic, "Guerrilla" and "The Argentine," starring  Benicio Del Toro  as the South American revolutionary. It\'s Soderbergh and Del Toro\'s first onscreen collaboration since they both ', "service in Aspen on Sunday, Depp and Murray were joined by such Hollywood headliners as Sean Penn, Jack Nicholson and  Benicio Del Toro . Guests say celebrity speakers recalled Thompson's days riding motorcycles with the Hells Angels, his reportage ", 'Rings" cast as their very own Princess Bride. The men stayed formal with tuxes all the way. Even Johnny Depp and  Benicio Del Toro  looked handsome and well groomed. (A rarity.) It was back to bowties for most of the gents Clint Eastwood, Tom ', "in Mystic River , my pick for best film of the year. His best competition is the Sean Penn's other co-star,  Benicio del Toro  in 21 Grams. Del Toro has already won an Academy Award for Traffic. This is Robbins' first acting nomination ", 'Friday Best Supporting Actor Sean Astin, The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King Alec Baldwin, The Cooler  Benicio del Toro , 21 Grams Tim Robbins, Mystic River Ken Watanabe, The Last Samurai **Djimon Honsou, In America Best Supporting ', "Hudson, Glenn Close and Stockard Channing in Le Divorce. She's currently working on 21 Grams with Sean Penn and  Benicio Del Toro . If success is now coming quickly, it's not a total surprise. Laurie MacDonald, one of the producers of The ", 'Rules of Engagement, respectively. At one point, Basic was set up at Columbia Pictures with Catherine Keener and  Benicio Del Toro , and Lee Tamahori directing, which would undoubtedly have made for a less effective last-name-only poster ', 'How and when did it come together that you your consciousness. Crosses paths with who to grow our. Well you know actually to be honest with you the first time I heard his name was in Puerto Rico is important is probably twelve or eleven. And it it was from a Rolling Stone song. Called little Indian', 'leave you alone to your own fate, you know? He comesou all the way. What an amazing cast. Selma, blake lively,  benicio del toro , john travolta. I didn\'t have scenes with But hopefully I will. What a year you\'ve had. " you were enjoying ', 'He comesou all the way. What an amazing cast. Selma, blake lively, benicio del toro , john travolta. I didn\'t have scenes with But hopefully I will. What a year you\'ve had. " you were enjoying it so ', "Michael J. Fox I I had to see that. I thought it was great fun really Jack Nicholson in 1990 war. Remember that.  Benicio del Toro  two years ago. Who was your favorite wolf it's gotta be Lauren Chaney junior running running around in that shirt ", "great fun really Jack Nicholson in 1990 -- war. Remember that. -- Benicio del Toro two years ago. Who was your favorite -- wolf it's gotta be Lauren Chaney junior running running around in that shirt trousers ", "down. With the film's star  Benicio del Toro . They spoke about his portrayal but just the other side too.  Benicio del Toro  with Peter Travers you can see Why is this new epic starring  Benicio del Toro  for hours long. I think that's ", "Rolling Stone film critic Peter -- sat down. With the film's star Benicio del Toro . They spoke about his portrayal of Argentine born political insurgents -- there. How and when did it come together that you your ", "other side it's it's both sides but just the other side too. Benicio del Toro with Peter Travers you can see the full interview on popcorn ABC news now are 24 hour news now. And people know the revolutionary Che as an image of a T -- and not much more. So does this for our two part movie was -- admission prices in Spanish subtitles. How can you get snow this legend Warren depth here's Josh rock cops opinion. Why is -- this new epic starring Benicio del Toro for hours long. I think that's a fair question for -- to -- we don't have feel embarrassed about asking it is ", "this four hour storm of artillery and explosions and battle scenes. Is Benicio del Toro you've got this great actor incredible gravity. A wonderful facial hair and and costumes. But he's got nowhere to go and nothing to say and -- and nothing to feel Chad has a great resource and Benicio del Toro but it doesn't supply the actor than necessary fire. That needs to enliven the movie. She's way ahead for the. But we ", "Why is this new epic starring  Benicio del Toro  for hours long. I think that's explosions and battle scenes. Is  Benicio del Toro  you've got this great actor feel has a great resource and  Benicio del Toro . But it doesn't supply the ", "here's Josh rock cops opinion. Why is -- this new epic starring Benicio del Toro for hours long. I think that's a fair question for -- to ask we don't have feel embarrassed about asking it is ", "this four hour storm of artillery and explosions and battle scenes. Is Benicio del Toro you've got this great actor incredible gravity. A wonderful facial hair and and costumes. But he's got nowhere to go and nothing to say and note and nothing to feel -- has a great resource and Benicio del Toro . But it doesn't supply the actor than necessary fire that needs to enliven the movie. It's basically had a police. We have "]