["Stamford Marriott Hotel and then head to film mogul Harvey Weinstein's home, where actresses Anne Hathaway and  Joanne Woodward  and writer Aaron Sorkin will be cohosts. What's the expected take? $2.5 million, according to The Associated ", 'taunting them about the killings. Rader was found guilty and sentenced to life in prison. Famous Birthdays 1930  Joanne Woodward  1932 Elizabeth Taylor 1939 Ralph Nader 1957 Timothy Spall 1962 Adam Baldwin 1965 Noah Emmerich 1977 James Wan 1980 ', 'stars, like Iman and David Bowie, Elizabeth Taylor and Richard Burton, Heidi Klum and Seal and Paul Newman and  Joanne Woodward . Bloom wrote a small gift book on the theory and later launched a blog, but about a year and a half ago she decided ', 'once owned Old Salem Farm, a 54-acre (21-hectare) riding school and horse farm bought from Paul Newman and  Joanne Woodward . The FBI made another arrest Wednesday in a third case of securities fraud. Trader Mark Bloom, who had once worked ', 'actor and director Paul Newman and his wife, actress  Joanne Woodward , who each gave Obama $4,600; actor and musician financial support from Paul Newman and his wife,  Joanne Woodward , who each gave the $4,600 maximum. Woodward also ', 'with Barbara Walters in April 2008. In addition to his career, the two talk about his life philosophy, marriage to  Joanne Woodward  and what his epitaph would be. Read the transcript . Watch the interview with Newman at a farm in Wilton, Conn ', 'Every great American actor and actress of the \'40s, \'50s and \'60s played in that theater," he said. His wife,  Joanne Woodward , was until recently the theater\'s artistic director, and Newman got the idea that a new restaurant could help ', 'Every great American actor and actress of the \'40s, \'50s and \'60s played in that theater," he said. His wife,  Joanne Woodward , was until recently the theater\'s artistic director, and Newman got the idea that a new restaurant could help ', 'percent of your potential." The two went on to talk about Newman\'s philosophy of life, his long marriage to actress  Joanne Woodward , his opinion on his own looks and what his epitaph would be. A transcript of the interview, beginning with Newman\'s ', 'Associated Press. "It just caught fire somehow." The screen legend certainly has a lot to live for. He and wife  Joanne Woodward  continue to be one of Hollywood\'s true-love stories, having celebrated their 48th wedding anniversary in January ', 'your potential." With acting now behind him, what keeps Paul Newman going? Maybe it\'s his 50-year marriage to  Joanne Woodward  that\'s still going strong, or maybe it\'s one of his other interests. He created Newman\'s Own food products ', 'produced and directed, and which starred his wife,  Joanne Woodward . In May 2007, Newman told ABC News\' "Good Morning The Long Hot Summer," Newman co-starred with  Joanne Woodward , whom he knew from their work together in a Broadway ', "immoral give all day He was onstage in the Broadway production of picnic when He met intelligent young understanding  JoAnne Woodward . They wed in 1958 the secret was the correct lost coupled with respect. Is there somebody. You've acted with ", "the Broadway production of picnic when He met -- intelligent young understanding JoAnne Woodward . They wed in 1958 -- the secret was the correct -- -- lost coupled with respect. Is there somebody. You've acted with ", "Another couple Brad and they're gonna make it I all I always say never to a celebrity couple has its Paul Newman and  JoAnne Woodward . Or Tom Hanks. And Rita Wilson I am saying and I can be quoted on this at least for eighteen months. Brad and Angelina ", 'always say never to a celebrity couple has its Paul Newman and JoAnne Woodward . Or Tom Hanks. And Rita Wilson I am saying and I can be quoted on this at least for eighteen months. Brad ', 'Restaurant. In this to to support a good cause the Westport country Playhouse a wonderful place where his wife  JoAnne Woodward  was until recently the artistic director. But says this project is about a lot more than helping the theater. It ', 'good cause the Westport country Playhouse a wonderful place where his wife JoAnne Woodward was until recently the artistic director. But -- says this project is about a lot more than helping the theater. It is ', "country Playhouse. Every great American actor and actress. Of the 40s50s and sixties not Including him. His wife  JoAnne Woodward  was until recently the theater's artistic director. Newman got the idea that a restaurant could help subsidize ", "Of the 40s50s and sixties -- not -- Including him. His wife JoAnne Woodward was until recently the theater's artistic director. Newman got the idea that a restaurant could help subsidize the theater. Don't like say "]