['Zara Tindall (pictured with husband Mike) is a granddaughter of Queen Elizabeth II.', 'Zara Tindall, a granddaughter of Queen Elizabeth II, is pregnant with her first child', 'Zara won silver at London 2012 Olympics; Mike Tindall captained England rugby team', 'London (CNN) -- Zara Tindall, a granddaughter of Queen Elizabeth II, is pregnant with her first child, Buckingham Palace announced Monday.', "The daughter of Queen Elizabeth's only daughter, Anne -- is married to rugby player Mike Tindall. When born the baby will be the queen's fourth great grandchild, after Zara's brother Peter Phillips' two children and Prince William and his wife Catherine's infant, expected in mid-July.", "Zara, one of Britain's leading equestrian riders, won a silver medal at the London 2012 Olympic Games and is planning to take part in the Rio Games in 2016. She has also done work on behalf of equine and children's charities.", 'Mike Tindall, who has captained the England rugby side, was a member of the 2003 England World Cup winning squad. He also leads his club side, Gloucester.', "The couple married in July 2011 in a ceremony staged in Edinburgh and attended by the queen and senior royals. In contrast to the wedding of Zara's cousin Prince William to Catherine Middleton -- watched by hundreds of millions of people around the world -- Phillips' wedding was a strictly private affair.", "Meanwhile, St. James's Palace announced on Monday that the baby born to Prince William and the Duchess of Cambridge will hold the title His or Her Royal Highness Prince or Princess [name] of Cambridge.", 'Catherine, Duchess of Cambridge and Prince William introduced their son to the world as they left the hospital. ', "It's a boy! Catherine, Duchess of Cambridge, and husband Prince William welcomed their first child - baby son.", 'Think you know all you could ever want to about royal babies amid all the excitement about the new arrival? Well did you know this...', 'Let us least spare a thought for the unfortunate newborn caught, through no fault other than his ancestry, in the global spotlight, Simon Hooper writes.', "Britain's royals are a pretty traditional bunch when it comes to picking baby names -- so what are the chances of a Queen Ella or King Terry?", "Confused by who's linked to who in the royal family? Explore the Middleton and Windsor branches of our interactive family tree.", "There's a treat in store for anyone in Britain whose baby arrives on the same day Catherine delivers a royal heir -- the gift of a silver coin.", 'All eyes have been on the Duchess of Cambridge since she and Prince William announced they were expecting a baby.', 'The world watched when they were married in the wedding of the year -- now all eyes are on William and Kate ahead of their new arrival.', 'As well as being wonderful news for the royal couple the new baby will have positive implications for the future of the UK monarchy.', "Prince William has spent decades in the public eye. Follow the royal's life in pictures, from baby to proud father-to-be.", "Changes to the law mean Prince William and Catherine's new baby will be heir to the British throne, whether it is a boy or a girl.", 'Catherine has proved quite the fashionista since being catapulted into the limelight thanks to her appearance in a university catwalk show.', "Get all the latest news, photos and videos on Kate and William's baby and the rest of the royal family."]