["Watch out,  Joan Rivers : We've got Juleisy, one-half of Hialeah's Finest , who stole the show at the red carpet of Univision's Premios Juventud ", 'with their bodies, great." Adele Designer Karl Lagerfeld has called the Grammy winner "a little too fat," and  Joan Rivers  once said, "She\'s a chubby lady who\'s very, very rich and she should just calm down - or lose weight." The ', 'know because I asked the same questions. Here it is, this week\'s Famestagram: Tyrese sings "Happy Birthday" to  Joan Rivers  while she sits on his lap. Photoshop or real? Fortunately this is real. Rihanna was also in that famous balcony photo ', "credit when you file your tax return. Don't deduct plastic surgery, but ... If you simply are following your inner  Joan Rivers , the IRS definitely won't let you deduct the costs of your nips and tucks. The IRS specifically says you generally ", 'Coppola/Getty Images Once again,  Joan Rivers  is in hot water over a joke she Rivers\' remark. "Of all people,  Joan Rivers  should know better. This remark Nazi Germany. Read More About  Joan Rivers \' Costco Protest "Germany is where ', 'average of 5,000 pounds of corned beef, 2,000 pounds of salami, and 12,000 hot dogs every week. Woody Allen and  Joan Rivers  both performed their first stand-up routines at the cabaret and piano bar Duplex in Greenwich Village. Duplex is ', 'A lot has changed since  Joan Rivers  got into comedy - Mindy Kaling bombed and Cosby told a producer, " Joan Rivers  couldn\'t be any worse than this Something better will come." WATCH:  Joan Rivers  vs. Costco', "hungover, and he shows no mercy! That's why we love Jomari Goyso , Univision's style guru and our very own Latino  Joan Rivers . He wasn't quite ready for us when we showed up at his hotel room in Vegas to do our Latin Grammys Fashion Police ", 'Barr admits "I mean, it really helps with like mental illness and stuff which is why I use it."  Joan Rivers  Bad-Mouths Politicians  Joan Rivers , known for her racy comments and outlandish language, opined about politics in an interview with ', "very different place than when Windows received its last serious makeover in 1995 when Windows 95 launched. Other than  Joan Rivers , you'd be hard pressed to find anything that hasn't changed since 1995. And in the world of navigating computer interfaces ", 'Barr admits "I mean, it really helps with like mental illness and stuff which is why I use it."  Joan Rivers  Bad-Mouths Politicians  Joan Rivers , known for her racy comments and outlandish language, opined about politics in an interview with ', "here, part of a big milestone for  joan rivers , 80th birthday thrown by her friends giuliana and the gra grande dame,  joan rivers . What does 80 mean to you? Nothing anybody else could? Because she's  joan rivers . One of the greate eest comediennes ", 'bring in bianna, she\'s sitting here, part of a big milestone for joan rivers , 80th birthday thrown by her friends on "fashion police." It was fun. A lot of fun. She\'s unfiltered and proud of it. ', "and ugly in fashion. George, kelly, giuliana and the gra grande dame, joan rivers . What does 80 mean to you? Nothing except that guy to a lot of funerals now and the minister's always saying she's ", "with everything she says? I don't think anybody else could? Because she's joan rivers . One of the greate eest comediennes of all time. Reporter: She's their den mother. I love her. Thank you. People ask me ", 'in trouble again. retirees not surprised I mean. Is it me or would you think that when someone applies for job with  Joan Rivers  they basically abandon their dignity of the door to the latter. OK well. Not so much for for one young woman who thinks ', 'me or would you think that when someone applies for job with Joan Rivers they basically abandon their dignity of the door to the latter. OK well. Not so much for for one young woman who ', "brother that that there was just now healthy baby can't it is in way it has the blessing. Was also blessing is that  Joan Rivers  still I think her original parts because she got involved she's very open about it has finished at eight tons of plastic ", "in -- way it has the blessing. Was also blessing is that Joan Rivers still I think her original parts because she got involved -- -- -- -- she's very open about it has finished at ", 'Joan Rivers  and her outrageous brand of humor have been putting nightclub in TV audiences and stitches for years. She is on an eleven city ', 'Joan Rivers and her outrageous brand of humor have been putting nightclub in TV audiences and stitches for years. She is on an eleven ', "It's not happening we show that it was a lesson and so some friends I kissed it. And I know I. Don't yeah yes pissed off yes. It was probably Andrea and John river kissed a girl and she may impolite and much of the daughter Melissa. It seems like this that keep viewers coming back from warm the hit", "the Johnny Carson show. got a surgical island naval  Joan Rivers . From king has always included poking fun at obsession that's a plastic that. What do you say to people who say  Joan Rivers  you had just toe much can I say. Mind your business ", 'looked at the Johnny Carson show. -- got a surgical island naval Joan Rivers . From king has always included poking fun at -- obsession with their own the kids -- of these look at me and ', "a plastic -- that. What do you say to people who say Joan Rivers you had just -- toe much can I say. Mind your business. And it's a man. I always look at the wife ", "when you shot this footage rethinking I can't believe what I'm seeing. I you know I did seem pretty unusual to see  Joan Rivers  and Costco in Burbank anyway. Andrea now without some big signs sore. You know who fits he was in the fact that she ", 'seeing. I -- you know I did seem pretty unusual to see Joan Rivers and Costco in Burbank anyway. Andrea now without some big signs sore. You know who fits he was in the fact that ']