['Mommie Dearest" is the classic movie about what it was like growing up the daughter of a Hollywood star. The star,  Joan Crawford , came to be seen as the epitome of the mother no one would want. Now the spotlight is on the parenting skills of ', 'here\'s a look at other bad news celebrity mamas and their famous offspring. Reg Speller/Getty Images  Joan Crawford Joan Crawford  was the original "Mommie Dearest." A year after the screen legend\'s death, her daughter Christina wrote ', 'in Legal Battles Getty Images  Joan Crawford  vs. Christina Crawford You cannot infamous clash between actress  Joan Crawford  and her adopted daughter Christina she painted a dark picture of  Joan Crawford  as an abusive over-bearing mother ', "It's easy to name stars who won the Oscar for Best Actress and went on to see their relationships go belly up.  Joan Crawford , Bette Davis, Halle Berry , Hilary Swank, Reese Witherspoon , Kate Winslet and, of course last year's winner ", "Daddy Dearest? Thora Birch's Dad Is the Latest Example of a Heavy-Handed Hollywood Father", 'really a problem for her or is it a problem for him?" Jack Birch isn\'t the only showbiz father who harkens back to  Joan Crawford . Though he and his starlet daughter, Lindsay Lohan , went years without speaking, for a long time, Michael Lohan ', "her desire of working with her. One by one, Eva Mendes' dreams have become true: she played the character that  Joan Crawford  did many years ago, in the remake of 'The Women', where she co-stars with Meg Ryan and Annette Bening; she worked ", "some of the greatest writers and directors in film history and almost four generations of stars from Clark Gable and  Joan Crawford  and Bette Davis to Bart Simpson and Sponge Bob SquarePants. I've seen this business change technologically from ", '1920s along came two actresses whose looks defined an era, even though they could not have been more different. " Joan Crawford  was kind of a \'chick,\' with her roguish eyes and rebellious ways," Banner said. Crawford\'s dark-haired beauty ', 'lip shapes and lipstick colors are distinctive and will always define many iconic legends such as Lucille Ball and  Joan Crawford . But few of us can pull off those dramatic looks with such ease. The reality is that their lip shapes were crafted ', 'has arranged funerals for such luminaries as Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis; actors James Cagney, Greta Garbo, and  Joan Crawford ; composers Irving Berlin, George Gershwin, Igor Stravinsky and John Lennon; wild west legend Bat Masterson; mobster ', 'Shining." Over the Top Inspiration And many a trend has come from drag clubs. Especially now. Arched eyebrows like  Joan Crawford . Glitter on the eyelids and cheeks. Big hair is even back. It all reminds me of a trip I made to Brazil when I had ', 'it just becomes like a real-life soap opera." Celebrity feuds have a long, not-so-illustrious history.  Joan Crawford  called Bette Davis a phony, and Davis rejoiced in Crawford\'s death. Ex-Disney honcho Michael Eisner once said ', 'at the struggles and throughout the life of  Joan Crawford . Joining us now Hollywood insider and author honored to have you here with us thank you  Joan Crawford  where do we Begin why  Joan Crawford  and why did it take so long to write the book ', "a fresh look at the struggles and -- throughout the life of Joan Crawford . Joining us now -- Hollywood insider and author Charlotte Chandler but come. Thank you very happy to -- her with you and I am very honored to have you here with us thank you Joan Crawford where do we Begin why Joan Crawford and why did it take so long to write the book. Well actually what I'm Mitch on profit at west brighter I was just in high school actually. Of course you -- -- -- -- I didn't from the product for -- and because there were sort of other books that came. And on I met Groucho Marx who became my first book called hello -- must be going. But I did -- immaterial with Joan Crawford so intriguing uninteresting. Publicist friend of hers she introduced me named John springer in New York. And He said that I was ", "have been written -- not so positive book. Unlike John Crawford I'm Joan Crawford but when I met Shawn Crawford and have -- lunch with John springer. I really didn't know that much about anything. Except ", "be -- -- book. To think it would have -- difference if Joan Crawford were alive to. -- have defended herself which you step back with you wouldn't think it's been a lot like these other ", "York we've been talking about the life but  Joan Crawford  and joining us now is  Joan Crawford 's daughter Isabel is jones' granddaughter Olivia and alone you're Indian daughter.  Joan Crawford .  Joan Crawford  with the super icon a glamorous ", "K -- in New York we've been talking about the life but Joan Crawford and joining us now is Joan Crawford's daughter -- -- -- Isabel is jones' granddaughter -- alone and great granddaughter Olivia and alone you're Indian daughter. Joan Crawford . Joan Crawford with the super icon a glamorous movie star I I just adored her and one day she decides she's going to adopt four children -- one of two twins. At what point did you realize you're the daughter of Joan Crawford that she was a movie star could you share that story with us. You know I don't think that it really ever ", "just hard to explain. It's just regular day in the life I Joan Crawford . AMR that day in the life of my mother you know. Can you finish this statement for me finish this statement to ", 'Reporter: "Mommie dearest" is the classic movie about what it was like growing up as the daughter of a hollywood star.  Joan crawford  as the caricature of the mother no one would want. Yes, mommie dearest. Reporter: Now the spotlight is on another ', "it was like growing up as the daughter of a hollywood star. Joan crawford as the caricature of the mother no one would want. Yes, mommie dearest. Reporter: Now the spotlight is on another hollywood icon's ", "Monday my damn channel and that's a completely different role. Right servant a horrible alcoholic sort of Betty Davis  Joan Crawford . That gives us on the other side we haven't seen yeah it's so yeah I do that that a paid attention my kids great ", "completely different role. Right servant a horrible alcoholic sort of Betty Davis Joan Crawford . That gives us on the other side we haven't seen yeah it's so yeah I do that -- that a paid attention ", "Hollywood series and specials. No this is actually auspicious occasion. He got thank you notes from legends like  Joan Crawford  and Julie enters. also saved gifts that stars gave him. Jerry is lighter bing Crosby's money clip and one day Judy ", "is actually auspicious occasion. He got thank you notes from legends like Joan Crawford and Julie enters. -- -- also saved gifts that stars gave him. Jerry -- is lighter bing Crosby's money clip and one ", 'last century has arranged funerals for such luminaries as Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis. Actors James Cagney Greta Garbo  Joan Crawford  composer Irving Berlin George Gershwin Igor Stravinsky and John Lennon. Sports figures rocky grassy and Billy Martin ', 'for such luminaries as Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis. Actors James Cagney Greta Garbo Joan Crawford composer -- Irving Berlin George Gershwin Igor Stravinsky and John Lennon. Sports figures rocky grassy -- and Billy Martin wild west legend ', 'becomes like a real life soap opera. It was a long enough so illustrious history seen here in whatever happened to baby  Joan Crawford  once called Davis a phony. Davis rejoiced in Crawford and we and ex Disney honcho Michael Eisner once reportedly said ', 'enough so illustrious history seen here in whatever happened to baby -- Joan Crawford once called -- Davis a phony. Davis rejoiced in Crawford -- -- -- and we and ex Disney honcho Michael Eisner once ']