['Movie, David Arquette plays a friendly angel who shows Kermit that he still has a wonderful life after a bitter banker  Joan Cusack  shuts the Muppet Theatre on Christmas Eve. Whoopi Goldberg and William H. Macy also star, with cameos by Mel Brooks ', 'population doubled over just 40 years, reaching 6 billion. Famous Birthdays 1884 Eleanor Roosevelt 1946 Daryl Hall 1962  Joan Cusack  1965 Luke Perry 1967 Artie Lange 1968 Jane Krakowski 1969 Stephen Moyer 1985 Michelle Trachtenberg Jump back to Oct ', 'Director: Lee Unkrich Starring: (the voices of) Tom Hanks, Michael Keaton, Tim Allen,  Joan Cusack , Whoopi Goldberg Synopsis: Woody, Buzz, and the rest of their toy-box friends are dumped in a day-care center after their owner, Andy, departs for college.', 'participant in "Little Miss Sunshine" or winning our admiration as the plucky Kit, a wannabe reporter. Stanley Tucci,  Joan Cusack  and Jane Krakowski bring dramatic heft to a tale that could have been paper-thin. Based on the series of "American ', "and their one single friend. And the cast is straight out of Hollywood, including Jennifer Aniston, Scott Caan,  Joan Cusack , Jason Isaacs, Catherine Keener and Frances McDormand. That's a pretty heady group. Think your next-door neighbor ", 'Tale," another prominent director, Garry Marshall, is now getting plucky as Chicken Little\'s rooster of a dad.  Joan Cusack  plays some chick named Abby Mallard, and Steve Zahn hams it up as a 900-pound porker. Amy Sedaris, Don Knotts ', 'part, he\'s lived outside Hollywood. His parents founded Chicago\'s Piven Theater Workshop, which counts John and  Joan Cusack , Lili Taylor and Aidan Quinn among its graduates. "I can play an everyman because I am an everyman," he said ', "project on the physics of ice skating when she discovers she's got talent on ice. Her hit-the-books mom, played by  Joan Cusack , is not at all pleased when her girl starts hanging out at the rink. Cattrall takes Casey on her figure skating team ", 'has real talent on ice. "Ice Princess" loses points for falling into the kid-flick trap: condescension. Why is  Joan Cusack , who plays Trachtenberg\'s mother, so blatant? She has everything but "Blue State" tattooed on her forehead ', 'Weaver probably had a better chance to win as a supporting actress. But support for her may have been split by  Joan Cusack , who was also nominated for "Working Girl." If that were the case -- and we\'ll never know because voting is kept ', '5-year-old to tie her shoes. She gets some parenting tips from her other sister, an experienced mom played by  Joan Cusack . "It\'s like a love letter to single mothers because it\'s hard and it\'s everywhere," Hudson told reporters ', "After a decidedly ho-hum 2000 presidential election, voters are getting excited about one potential candidate: actor John Cusack. Some folks feel that the America's Sweethearts star is a sure thing to be president, and they've started a campaign on his behalf. An Internet-based movement to get the", "After a decidedly ho-hum 2000 presidential election, voters are getting excited about one potential candidate: actor John Cusack. Some folks feel that the America's Sweethearts star is a sure thing to be president, and they've started a campaign on his behalf. An Internet-based movement to get the"]