['in trouble again. retirees not surprised I mean. Is it me or would you think that when someone applies for job with  Joan Rivers  they basically abandon their dignity of the door to the latter. OK well. Not so much for for one young woman who thinks ', 'me or would you think that when someone applies for job with Joan Rivers they basically abandon their dignity of the door to the latter. OK well. Not so much for for one young woman who ', "brother that that there was just now healthy baby can't it is in way it has the blessing. Was also blessing is that  Joan Rivers  still I think her original parts because she got involved she's very open about it has finished at eight tons of plastic ", "in -- way it has the blessing. Was also blessing is that Joan Rivers still I think her original parts because she got involved -- -- -- -- she's very open about it has finished at ", 'Joan Rivers  and her outrageous brand of humor have been putting nightclub in TV audiences and stitches for years. She is on an eleven city ', 'Joan Rivers and her outrageous brand of humor have been putting nightclub in TV audiences and stitches for years. She is on an eleven ', "It's not happening we show that it was a lesson and so some friends I kissed it. And I know I. Don't yeah yes pissed off yes. It was probably Andrea and John river kissed a girl and she may impolite and much of the daughter Melissa. It seems like this that keep viewers coming back from warm the hit", "the Johnny Carson show. got a surgical island naval  Joan Rivers . From king has always included poking fun at obsession that's a plastic that. What do you say to people who say  Joan Rivers  you had just toe much can I say. Mind your business ", 'looked at the Johnny Carson show. -- got a surgical island naval Joan Rivers . From king has always included poking fun at -- obsession with their own the kids -- of these look at me and ', "a plastic -- that. What do you say to people who say Joan Rivers you had just -- toe much can I say. Mind your business. And it's a man. I always look at the wife ", "when you shot this footage rethinking I can't believe what I'm seeing. I you know I did seem pretty unusual to see  Joan Rivers  and Costco in Burbank anyway. Andrea now without some big signs sore. You know who fits he was in the fact that she ", 'seeing. I -- you know I did seem pretty unusual to see Joan Rivers and Costco in Burbank anyway. Andrea now without some big signs sore. You know who fits he was in the fact that ', "24 hours. It's not just katy perry, but keisha,  joan rivers , and george takei, all showing up. Already a smash. I love  joan rivers . When you get sulu in there, that's a hit in the ", "million views in 24 hours. It's not just katy perry, but keisha, joan rivers , and george takei, all showing up. Already a smash. I love joan rivers . When you get sulu in there, that's a hit in the making. We don't see her in there. I think actually she ", "It had been  Joan Rivers  is what is woman. On the planet. Now I had a The NHL has never before and  Joan Rivers  a piece of work and here's a life Rolling three words. Rivers rocks at and  Joan Rivers  is here to rock our morning ladies ", "It had been -- -- Joan Rivers is -- what is woman. On the planet. -- Now I had a -- The NHL has never before and Joan Rivers a piece of work and here's a life of a semi legend -- documentary getting a lot letter reviewed Rolling -- -- -- three words. Rivers rocks at and Joan Rivers is here to rock our morning ladies and just so. -- Okay. It is good. News. So. Kuwait's that is Davies love ", 'have a go at this summit urged the general -- junior and Joan Rivers jacket QVC and then you have with Melissa you have Italy a new show. Called mother has messages and -- is very ', "here is an airport because of originality nauseous.  Joan Rivers  is got jokes even after what she calls a very upsetting the look of her passport which reads Joan Rosenberg AKA  Joan Rivers . Rosenberg was her late husband's last name. I'm ", 'be here is an airport because of -- originality -- -- nauseous. Joan Rivers is got jokes even after what she calls a very upsetting ordeal. Being detained at a Costa Rican airport because the name ', "didn't like the look of her passport which reads Joan Rosenberg AKA Joan Rivers . Rosenberg was her late husband's last name. I'm not stupid I travel lack -- big. Cried. I pleaded. I asked for help. ", "Friends they promptly canceled that here little instead  Joan Rivers  found herself on the Joy Behar show last night to take bookings on their and they say it's not a feud. But  Joan Rivers  obviously is looking to start one. Oh man all toned ", 'FOX & Friends -- they promptly canceled that here -- little instead Joan Rivers found herself on the Joy Behar show last night to take a listen to what she -- -- and I voted stupid ', "re bookings on their and they say it's not a feud. But Joan Rivers obviously is looking to start one. Oh man -- all toned down the rhetoric it was come down Jonas -- -- mammals ", "discard. It down. him this is where  Joan Rivers  it's ready for the show. We Ed Sullivan here is. You told  Joan Rivers . You emerged from behind differed east side photographs you'll  Joan Rivers  sweeping department. Are produced ", "the hallway to discard. It down. -- -- him this is where Joan Rivers it's ready for the show. We have -- she's been performing here tonight is her last the club this closing field will miss his club. -- -- Where I grew up watching -- until they would never imagine at -- that can be plan what do you see Iran. Hirsch. -- saw then that would be Ed Sullivan here is. You told Joan Rivers . You emerged from behind -- differed for more than forty years ago where you pregnant -- regular lets it steal money in ", "here. Okay but a New York city's upper east side photographs you'll Joan Rivers sweeping department. Are -- -- -- produced Charles how many Americans whereas women for. I usually don't let people come. Lessons or ", "against Oprah and -- -- -- the -- Winner. Is. I'm shaking. Joan Rivers . She is the guy couldn't get a job with business. I could not get a job it's -- -- he's not here ", "Comic famous for plastic surgeries explains why she won't get vagina tightening.", "They are the mother daughter dynamic joined at the in business and in light. Joan and Melissa rivers have been working together for years and currently starring in their second season of Joan and Melissa Joan knows best. Which airs on the we channel and here's a quick look. not ready days. Thanks", "Joan Rivers  has made a career out of crossing the line for comedy now she's doing it by invading her topic her daughter's privacy. On ", "Joan Rivers has made a career out of crossing the line for comedy now she's doing it by invading her topic her daughter's privacy. ", "You're guest cohost tenacious Utah's what do you want to talk about and I'm like you thank you stated about south Atlanta tomorrow backstage during. Did He would I I get. I asked to do it. I'm they did you do it what Sunday edition me. Jim dance scene you idiom addition did not go out I want to do", 'They have done the red carpet they have done the documentary now they are setting up house. Legendary comedian  Joan Rivers  is moving in with her daughter Melissa you can watch the sparks fly on their new TV reality show. Joan and Melissa ', 'have done the documentary now they are setting up house. Legendary comedian Joan Rivers is moving in with her daughter Melissa you can watch the sparks fly on their new -- TV reality show. Joan and ']