['of a Salesman" Spencer Kayden, "Don\'t Dress for Dinner" Celia Keenan-Bolger, "Peter and the Starcatcher"  Judith Light , "Other Desert Cities" Condola Rashad, "Stick Fly" Performance by an actor in a featured role in a musical Phillip ', 'hours. Famous Birthdays 1940 J.M. Coetzee 1942 Carole King 1943 Joe Pesci 1944 Alice Walker 1945 Mia Farrow 1949  Judith Light  1969 Tom Scharpling 1975 Vladimir Guerrero 1976 Charlie Day 1981 Tom Hiddleston 1985 David Gallagher 1990 Camille Winbush ', 'Nick Lachey\'s hard sell was his hard body: He appeared in an infomercial for celebrity trainer Gunnar Peterson. 6.  Judith Light , 7. Brooke Shields, 8. Alicia Keys and 9. Vanessa Williams: What do a 1980s sitcom "Boss," a beauty icon ', 'shortly after was cast on an L.A.-based TV show. Still, says Williams, "a lot of people had to scramble.  Judith  ( Light ) is still in the process of trying to find where she\'s going to go. America just moved into a temporary place until ', 'best friend, you can\'t hate them, or judge them,"  Judith Light , who plays Gayle, told ABCNews.com. Light ("Ugly Features, which is distributing the film, largely credits  Judith Light \'s performance for the film\'s effectiveness. "She ', "You know every day you get to see a Broadway play about football but I check out a Featuring  Judith Light  who's back on stage and Lombardi it's the story Vince Lombardi the famous football coach. Who turned the Green Bay Packers ", "Broadway play about football but I check out a -- -- Featuring Judith Light who's back on stage and Lombardi it's the story Vince Lombardi the famous football coach. Who turned the Green Bay Packers into ", "What you think. So many people such as yourself need to go beyond organized. Institutional religion in order to find talking about. It's such a good question I. I think. Partly from me it's because I want it to. Move away from things that were. Potentially. And I qualified The week things should be", 'Hi welcome to focus on faith on father Edward back. My guess today is the talented and versatile actress  Judith Light . So fans will remember her as apparently from one life to live to Emmy Awards for that by the way. fifty years she plays Angela ', 'father Edward back. My guess today is the talented and versatile actress Judith Light . So fans will remember her as apparently from one life to live to Emmy Awards for that by the way. -- fifty ', "SVU she's here to discuss her new movie saved me.  Judith Light  thanks for being here I'm happy to be here thank community and so that's how I have gotten involved.  Judith Light  thank you so much for joining us the name of the movie ", "online order SVU she's here to discuss her new movie saved me. Judith Light thanks for being here I'm happy to be here thank. -- -- -- you play the matriarch figure Gayle who runs the ", "The LG BT community and so that's how I have gotten involved. Judith Light thank you so much for joining us the name of the movie is saved me check it out soon I'm David Brownstein ", "The incredibly versatile actress  Judith Light  has done it again you may remember her as Angela from who's the boss but. This Tony nominated actors is taking Broadway by storm ", "The incredibly versatile actress Judith Light has done it again you may remember her as Angela from who's the boss but. This Tony nominated actors is taking Broadway ", "it's the dream girl and you got a fantastic cast and  Judith Light  got what is it like working with those actors. They're they both they're certainly there's a moment where  Judith Light . My character Paul poignant is getting injured later ", "the dream girl and you got a fantastic cast and -- -- Judith Light got -- -- what is it like working with those actors. -- -- They're incredible day -- I've known for five years ", "like them but they they both they're certainly there's a moment where Judith Light . My character Paul poignant is getting injured later in his career and he. He's injured at a game in and he's walking "]