["she doesn't want to be typecast , and we respect that. That's why, for this particular role, we humbly submit  Dame Judi Dench  as Brenda Blethyn as Maggie Smith as Queen Elizabeth as Roseanne Barr as Queen Elizabeth. The Doctor The doctor who ", "Dame Judi Dench , 78, said she takes memory supplements to help memorize her lines James Bond's boss needs a little help. World-famous English actress  Judi Dench , 78, takes memory supplements to help memorize her lines, she revealed ", 'Love," which won a slew of Oscars including Best Picture, Best Actress for Paltrow, Best Actress in a Supporting Role for  Judi Dench . For "Bounce," Affleck won the Blockbuster Entertainment Award for Favorite Actor while the film gross only $36.8 million ', 'meatball sub any time anyone thanks producer Harvey Weinstein. 3. Take off an article of clothing every time the cameras show  Judi Dench  and any time Maggie Smith wins. Regardless of whether or not you play, with these two women at the helm, the Globes are ', 'Les Miserables"), Sally Field ("Lincoln"), Amy Adams ("The Master"), Helen Hunt ("The Sessions") and  Judi Dench  ("Skyfall") Adams said the first three are shoo-ins, with Hathaway the clear favorite to win. Hunt could earn a nod ', 'and MGM announced today. The film was directed by Sam Mendes and was the third in the series to star Daniel Craig as Bond.  Judi Dench , Javier Bardem and Ralph Fiennes also star in the movie. "Skyfall" is the 14th movie in history to break the billion-dollar ', 'Sam Mendes ("American Beauty"), Oscar-winner Javier Bardem as the Bond baddie, the return of Oscar-winner  Dame Judi Dench  as Bond\'s boss, M, and the debut of two-time Oscar nominee Ralph Fiennes as M\'s successor. That\'s a lot ', 'had a date night Tuesday in London at Royal Albert Hall for the world premiere of "Skyfall," which stars Daniel Craig,  Judi Dench , Javier Bardem and Ralph Fiennes. The premiere benefited charities that support former and current members of Britain\'s ', 'having a date night tonight in London at Royal Albert Hall for the world premiere of "Skyfall," which stars Daniel Craig,  Judi Dench , Javier Bardem and Ralph Fiennes. The premiere will benefit charities that support former and current members of Britain\'s ', 'doing 24, and hopefully this will be a success and we\'ll have some momentum," he said. "Skyfall," which also stars  Judi Dench , Javier Bardem, and Ralph Fiennes, centers on a villainous plot to attack Britain\'s spy agency MI:6 and expose its ', 'Dame Judi Dench , the actress who plays the steely-eyed boss keeping watch over James Bond, revealed she is losing her sight to macular degeneration ', "of trying to sell the Senate seat vacated by Barack Obama. Famous Birthdays 1912 Tip O'Neill 1929 John Cassavetes 1934  Judi Dench  1947 Tom Daschle 1953 John Malkovich 1957 Donny Osmond 1960 Terry Moran 1962 Felicity Huffman 1969 Jakob Dylan 1970 Kara DioGuardi ", "condition that affects so many here's Kelly Kobe area. She's the steely eyed boss keeping watch over James wanted to  Dame Judi Dench  she's acted in more than a hundred to queens and one countless awards. But these days the 77 year old Oscar winner ", "steely eyed boss keeping watch over James -- wanted to -- -- Dame Judi Dench she's acted in more than a hundred -- -- to queens and one countless awards. But these days the 77 year old ", "surgery to his right shoulder. Williams' younger brother Prince Harry also attended that benefits. And they greeted  dame Judi Dench  who plays. Bond's boss. As a bigger role this time new movie called quantum of solace which picks up right where ", "Williams' younger brother Prince Harry also attended that benefits. And they greeted dame Judi Dench who plays. Bond's boss. As a bigger role this time new movie called quantum of solace which picks up right where the ", 'Transferred masterpiece theater. John Adams. And to man. The nominees for lead actress in a miniseries or a movie are.  Dame Judi Dench  transferred masterpiece theatre. Catherine Keener an American crime. Laura Linney for John Adams. Fully sure shot ', 'The nominees for lead actress in a miniseries or a movie are. Dame Judi Dench transferred masterpiece theatre. Catherine Keener an American crime. Laura Linney for John Adams. Fully sure shot a raisin in the sun. And ', "there Judy Dench. Helen Mirren in the queen Meryl Streep and that wears Prada Kate Winslet little children. As much  dame Judi Dench  again I did I hang with the yeah reality is announcing their language. But I. I don't know know and now I'm ", "Meryl Streep and that wears Prada Kate Winslet little children. As much dame Judi Dench again I did I hang with the -- -- yeah -- -- -- reality is announcing their language. But I. I don't ", "they make when you basically you kept yourself only had this kind you know you'd say OK but I'm. Well I think when you  Judi Dench  used to say that acting as the shy person Mr. Bush was left back. In the senate takeover Windsor man took place for you ", "you know you'd say OK but I'm. Well I think when you Judi Dench used to say that acting as the shy person Mr. Bush was left back. -- In the senate takeover -- Windsor man ", 'grips lofty language supporting actress nominee Hayley Steinfeld Kmart ad featuring another big word pulling suit. Each group  Judi Dench  is being Elizabeth Helen Mirren is too. Actresses have found Oscar gold beneath the diamond tiara. But was more intergalactic ', 'word pulling -- suit. -- -- -- -- -- -- Each group Judi Dench is being Elizabeth Helen Mirren is -- -- -- too. Actresses have found Oscar gold beneath the diamond tiara. But -- was ', "re routing themselves that's not to say there aren't things to enjoined upon themselves of course Daniel Craig remains  Judi Dench  who plays and is a target presents in last time you snapped it sounds and looks and feels like real James Bond movie. But ", "aren't things to enjoined upon themselves of course Daniel Craig remains -- Judi Dench who plays and is a target presents in -- -- last time you snapped it sounds and looks and feels like -- "]