['To be born a girl in Afghanistan is often to be ushered into a life of servitude, where girls have very little worth and very dim futures. Amina is forced to marry at 12, to bear a child though still a child herself -- while her own brother is given her dowry money to buy a used car. But Amina, whose name was changed and story portrayed by an actress out of concern for her safety, has had enough, and she is fighting back. ', 'CNN Films\' "Girl Rising" tells the stories of Amina and other girls from around the world and how the power of education can change the world. Learn more about the girls\' inspiring stories.', '"What if a girl\'s life could be more?" When Azmera turned 13, it was time for the Ethiopian girl to be given to a stranger in marriage, like her mother and grandmother before her. But Azmera refused. Azmera is fearful, but she is not alone. She has a champion beside her: an older brother who would give up anything for his sister to be able to stay in school. Together, brother and sister dare to reject her fate.', '"Poetry is how I turn ugliness into art."  La Rinconada, Peru, is a bleak corner of the world that regularly turns out two things: gold from deep within its mountain, which is immediately sent far away; and despair, which remains. Senna\'s is the poorest of the poor mining families clinging to that mountain. Every day is a struggle. Yet, somehow, she was given two magnificent gifts: a father who named her for a warrior princess and insisted that she goes to school, and a talent with words. And when Senna discovered poetry, everything changed. ', '"Change is like a song you can\'t hold back." Suma\'s brothers are sent to school, but her parents have no money for a daughter\'s education. Given into bonded servitude at age 6, Suma labors in the house of a master from before dawn until late at night. For years, the Nepali girl suffers in silence, until music gives her a voice. A stroke of luck and kindness gives Suma a chance to go to school -- and a crusader is born.', '"I will come back every day until I can stay." Wadley is 7 years old when the world comes crashing down around her. When Haiti\'s catastrophic earthquake destroys lives, homes and families, Wadley\'s happy life with her mother, filled with friends and school, becomes a struggle to survive in a teeming tent city, devastation and grief all around. But Wadley believes she is meant to do something special with her life -- and that the way to begin is by getting back to school. What happens when this irrepressible spirit confronts a system that tells her she is unworthy of an education is an inspiration to the world.', '"Now there\'s nothing to stop me. Nothing in the world. Nothing in the universe." Mariama describes herself as a typical teenager, which in itself is remarkable. Her poverty-stricken country, Sierra Leone, is still recovering from a brutal decade of civil war. But Mariama isn\'t looking back; she is the voice of the future. She is the first in her family to go to school and already has her own radio show and dreams of being a famous scientist and a television star. ', '"He was strong, but I was stronger." An Egyptian girl of 12 whose family can\'t afford to send her to school has very few options. She can become a street kid; she can become a bride; she can become a target. Yasmin -- whose name was changed and story portrayed by an actress out of concern for her safety -- is lured into the trap of a sexual predator. But what she doesn\'t become is a victim. Yasmin becomes a superhero. ', 'Editor\'s note: Alex Morgan is an Olympic Gold medalist, starting forward for the U.S. Women\'s National Soccer Team and author of "The Kicks," a children\'s book series. This open letter to the girls of the world is part of the "Girl Rising" project. CNN Films\' "Girl Rising" documents extraordinary girls and the power of education to change the world.', "I didn't start playing soccer imagining I would be scoring goals in the Olympics or representing my country at the World Cup. I started playing soccer, and sports in general, as a way to simply make friends. On the field, I was able to hang out with kids my age, kick the ball around and just have a good time.", "What I didn't realize at the time was that soccer would do more for me than I could ever imagine. At a young age, soccer taught me about leadership and sportsmanship and what it means to be a good teammate. Most importantly, it taught me the power of confidence.", 'Confidence is not something that is always easy to find. Often, being the new girl on a team or being in a group breeds insecurities. I have joined countless teams where I was the new girl, and I was never immune to those feelings of self-doubt.', 'I have learned that by pushing aside those insecurities and rediscovering my inner confidence, I become a better teammate and person.', 'That\'s why I wrote the book series, "The Kicks," to show girls the importance of maintaining confidence when faced with new (and sometimes scary!) opportunities. While the book is aimed at middle schoolers, the lessons in it are ones that I think hold true across all ages.', 'CNN Films\' "Girl Rising" documents extraordinary girls and the power of education to change the world.', 'CNN Films\' "Girl Rising" documents extraordinary girls and the power of education to change the world. Watch it at 9 p.m. ET June 16 on CNN.', 'CNN Films\' "Girl Rising" documents extraordinary girls and the power of education to change the world. Watch it at 9 p.m. ET June 16 on CNN.', 'CNN Films\' "Girl Rising" documents extraordinary girls and the power of education to change the world. Watch it at 9 p.m. ET June 16 on CNN.', 'CNN Films\' "Girl Rising" documents extraordinary girls and the power of education to change the world. Watch it at 9 p.m. ET June 16 on CNN.', "Joining the U.S. Women's National Soccer Team was intimidating to say the least. I joined a team with women who I had looked up to for years, and at just 20, how was I supposed to fit in with them? I was nervous and overwhelmed. But I knew that I was capable of competing with them so I pushed myself outside of my comfort zone in order to be the best player I could be. I now call these girls more than just my friends. They are my sisters, and together we support each other through thick and thin. I'm so grateful to have some amazing women around me to help me learn and grow.", "Confidence has carried me on and off the pitch, through high school in California, college at UC Berkeley and now professionally for the U.S. Women's National Team and the Portland Thorns. I have had to adjust to new surroundings, meet new people and have been challenged by different situations. All of those experiences, while nerve-wracking at the time, have empowered me to grow stronger.", "It's important that as women, we stand up for ourselves, stand up for our peers and show the power that confidence can have for women everywhere.", 'The school year started with a shooting. Now, Malala eyes a summer of speaking at the U.N. and telling her story in a new book. ', 'One girl with courage is a revolution. CNN Films\' "Girl Rising" tells the stories of girls across the globe and the power of education to change the world. ', 'CNN Films\' "Girl Rising" follows girls across the world in their quest for education', 'What a queen, a correspondent, an activist and an actress have to say to girls everywhere? Read their open letters.', "Join the conversation and write your open letter -- Share your story and read others' experiences at iReport today", 'Less than half of U.S. teen moms graduate high school. And the lack of opportunities is a slow death for them, one principal says.', 'Get more information about CNN Films\' "Girl Rising" as well as the latest news and global voices on the topic of girls education. ']