['during that time from actresses whose careers have stood the test of time, such as Meryl Streep, Susan Sarandon and  Jodie Foster . She recounted the advice she got from the legendary actresses to Vogue. "You have to pick your battles on set ', 'was 18, in the movie "Mystic Pizza," starring Julia Roberts . In his latest movie, "Elysium," playing opposite  Jodie Foster  , Damon got the chance to ask the former child star if his mother\'s assessment was right. "I figured, if anyone\'s ', 'Sports Stars Have Appeared as Contestants Journalists and celebrities including Anderson Cooper, Chris Wallace,  Jodie Foster , Stephen King, Kareem Abdul-Jabbar and Buzz Aldrin have tried their luck on the celebrity version of the show ', "McFarlane was joined by the Gay Men's Chorus of Los Angeles to call out Meryl Streep, Anne Hathaway, Naomi Watts,  Jodie Foster , Hilary Swank and countless others who we've seen nude in film. Jokes that Bombed Not every joke funnyman Seth MacFarlane ", 'have all sorts of ideas on where to keep Oscar. Click through to read about some of them. 2013 Oscars: Full Coverage  Jodie Foster  Foster used to keep her two best actress Oscars, for 1988\'s "The Accused" and 1991\'s "Silence of the Lambs ', 'takes a great deal of timing and support from your family and friends." RELATED: LGBT Activists Cringe and Praise  Jodie Foster  Coming Out Rudolph said the venue from which he chose to share his confession was "unique" but eventually he would ', 'that the 63-year-old lives with another man, according to E! News . RELATED: LGBT Activists Cringe and Praise  Jodie Foster  Coming Out When Hernandez asked Garber if his relationship with Andreesen had ever been made public, Garber said ', 'Martin Scorsese, "Hugo" *"The Artist" won in the best picture (comedy) category RELATED: Praise, Criticism for  Jodie Foster \'s Golden Globes Coming Out 2011 Oscar winners Best picture: "The King\'s Speech" Best actress: Natalie Portman ', "utterly un-amused TLJ and Grumpy Cat, a scowly cat that is Internet famous . RELATED: LGBT Advocates Divided on  Jodie Foster 's Speech It all started when the cameras cut away to Jones while Kristen Wiig and Will Ferrell introduced the best ", 'Advocates praised  Jodie Foster \'s coming out on the televised finally done." FULL TRANSCRIPT:  Jodie Foster \'s Golden Globes Speech Some said President Herndon Graddick. "Given  Jodie Foster \'s lifetime of achievements ', 'Credit: ABC.  Jodie Foster \'s acceptance speech after winning confessional parts are in bold. RELATED:  Jodie Foster  Wows With Golden Globes Speech "Well it will be my writing on the wall.  Jodie Foster  was here, I still am, and I want ', 'from Michael J. Fox\'s son," who served as Mr. Golden Globe. "You need some \'me\' time," Fey said to laughter. As the hosts said goodnight, Poehler sneaked in one last joke. "We\'re going home with  Jodie Foster ," she said.', 'of best TV comedy actress winner Lena Dunham, they were radiant, energetic, and above all, funny. More please.  Jodie Foster  Foster made her acceptance of the Cecil B. DeMille lifetime achievement award a coming out, of sorts. She first shocked ', "a look at the huge reaction to  jodie foster 's emotional speech sunday night I'm going to put it out there.  Jodie foster , unguarded and fiercely candid Jesse tyler ferguson, tweeting,  jodie foster , you are perfection. I love you ", "Back at 7:42, with a look at the huge reaction to jodie foster's emotional speech sunday night at the golden globes. She took to the stage for the lifetime achievement awar in doing so, put up a lifetime of feelings. I'm going to put it out there. Jodie foster , unguarded and fiercely candid. I am single. Reporter: On stage, accepting THE CECIL B. DeMILLE LIFETIME Achievement award for nearly seven minutes. ", 'beautiful sydney, but never clarified what that meant. Jesse tyler ferguson, tweeting, jodie foster , you are perfection. I love you. Comedienne kathy griffin, her speech tells lgbt youth, america has evolved. Be proud of who you ', 'Jodie foster  has come out swinging in defense of kristen a big show of support yesterday from  jodie foster , who co-starred with a then-11-year-old unknowingly destroy in the process.  Jodie foster  went through a lot all through her years ', 'Jodie foster has come out swinging in defense of kristen stewart. The two of them, you might remember, co-starred in "panic room," a decade ', 'false. And stewart did get a big show of support yesterday from jodie foster , who co-starred with a then-11-year-old stewart, in 2002\'s "panic room." You have to stop. Reporter: Foster wrote a moving post on "the daily beast," about the perils of childhood stardom. And blasted the immediatey for its relentless coverage of the young star. See, they\'re just like us. But we seldom consider the childhoods we unknowingly destroy in the process. Jodie foster went through a lot all through her years. She\'s telling kristen stewart, her friend, I feel for you. I want to help ', "Jodie foster 's sentence heat from CCB Demille award touched many in the audience and home out. I guess I just have a sudden urge to say something ", "Jodie foster's sentence heat from CCB Demille award touched many in the audience and home -- out. I guess I just have a sudden ", "Turns out the movie directed by Gibson's close friend  Jodie Foster  is his best work in many years a reminder of the star's turns to puppet heap on us in a dumpster. Closer.  Jodie Foster  stars as his long suffering wife and she also directed ", "the film itself. Turns out the movie directed by Gibson's close friend Jodie Foster is his best work in many years a reminder of the star's considerable talent. And is complex personality. This is the story ", 'heap on us in a dumpster. Closer. -- -- -- -- -- Jodie Foster stars as his long suffering wife and she also directed the -- I knew that He would bring his personal. -- cents ', "called the beaver. Directed by  Jodie Foster  in which she co stars with Mel but first let's take a look at  Jodie Foster  and Mel Gibson in the the person I need some answers right now.  Jodie Foster  welcomed to The You to have you ", "Major happening right now as a movie called the beaver. Directed by Jodie Foster in which she co stars with Mel Gibson and -- -- right away we have controversy all over the place. Well -- will be here just a minute and talk about all of this but first let's take a look at Jodie Foster and Mel Gibson in the -- -- the person who handed you this card is under the care of the prescription puppet. ", "I am confused Walter and I I need some answers right now. Jodie Foster welcomed to The -- You to have you here now you have a movie called the beaver probably didn't know that but ", 'According to a police report obtained by radar online actress  Jodie Foster  has been accused of battery by a seventeen year old boy. The report claims the teenager was taking pictures of Foster outside ', 'According to a police report obtained by radar online actress Jodie Foster has been accused of battery by a seventeen year old boy. The report claims the teenager was taking pictures of Foster outside ']