['Tibrina Hobson/Getty Images It appears  Jodie Sweetin  \'s third marriage will be short-lived. The "Full House" star filed papers Monday seeking legal separation from husband Morty ', 'Talk about family support! On Tuesday night, "Full House" stars Candace Cameron Bure, 37, and  Jodie Sweetin , 31, attended the the Scleroderma Research Foundation annual gala to support their TV dad, Bob Saget, 56, who sits on the ', 'reading an excerpt from her new book, "High on Arrival." "I don\'t know how it started."  Jodie Sweetin  " Full House " sweetheart  Jodie Sweetin  didn\'t grow up to resemble her goody-two-shoes character at all. At age 22, the star of ', 'Paula Deen 1953 Desi Arnaz, Jr. 1963 Martin Bashir 1971 Shawn Wayans 1972 Drea de Matteo 1974 Frank Caliendo 1982  Jodie Sweetin  1992 Logan Lerman 1992 Shawn Johnson Jump back to Jan. 18: Day in History . View more videos from This Month in History ', 'was with the late Haim -- the two starred in the A&E reality TV series, "The Two Coreys."  Jodie Sweetin  " Full House " sweetheart  Jodie Sweetin  didn\'t grow up to resemble her goody-two-shoes character at all. At age 22, the star of ', 'stars in the A&E reality TV series "The Two Coreys" with fellow \'80s child star, Corey Haim.  Jodie Sweetin  " Full House " sweetheart  Jodie Sweetin  didn\'t grow up to resemble her goody-two-shoes character at all. At age 22, the star of ', 'stars in the A&E reality TV series "The Two Coreys" with fellow \'80s child star, Corey Haim.  Jodie Sweetin  " Full House " sweetheart  Jodie Sweetin  didn\'t grow up to resemble her goody-two-shoes character at all. At age 22, the star of ', 'whole story." Below, check out four other celebrities who\'ve been mired in crystal meth:  Jodie Sweetin  " Full House " sweetheart  Jodie Sweetin  didn\'t grow up to resemble her goody-two-shoes character at all. At age 22, the child star ', 'last year, and his home is in foreclosure. The garage sale was his latest move to stay afloat.  Jodie Sweetin  Former "Full House" star  Jodie Sweetin  is struggling to keep a house of her own. In November, the mom and former meth addict reportedly ', 'opportunities, stars including Michael Jackson ,  Jodie Sweetin  , Ed McMahon and Annie Leibovitz have auctioned between $1 million and $2 million per show.  Jodie Sweetin  Former "Full House" star  Jodie Sweetin  is struggling to keep a house of her own ', 'in four hours. Jackson reportedly stands to earn between $1 million and $2 million per show.  Jodie Sweetin  Former "Full House" star  Jodie Sweetin  is struggling to keep a house of her own. In November, the mom and former meth addict reportedly ', 'last year, and his home is in foreclosure. The garage sale was his latest move to stay afloat.  Jodie Sweetin  Former "Full House" star  Jodie Sweetin  is struggling to keep a house of her own. In November, the mom and former meth addict reportedly ', 'opportunities, stars who include Michael Jackson ,  Jodie Sweetin  , Ed McMahon and Annie Leibovitz have auctioned between $1 million and $2 million per show.  Jodie Sweetin  Former "Full House" star  Jodie Sweetin  is struggling to keep a house of her own ', '"Full House" star  Jodie Sweetin  talks about reclaiming her life after addiction.']