['Richardson and her sister, actress  Joely Richardson , built a close relationship family shocked and devastated.  Joely Richardson : Natasha\'s sister has not had the same luck with romance.  Joely Richardson , the star of "Nip/Tuck ', 'Richardson and her sister, actress  Joely Richardson , built a close relationship family shocked and devastated.  Joely Richardson : Natasha\'s sister has not had the same luck with romance.  Joely Richardson , the star of "Nip/Tuck ', 'Corin\'s the brain, Vanessa the shining star, oh, and then there\'s Lynn.\'" She was also the aunt of actress  Joely Richardson , Vanessa Redgrave\'s daughter and Natasha Richardson\'s sister. In recent years, Redgrave also made appearances ', 'entering Lenox Hill Hospital Tuesday night "looking somber," The New York Times reported. Her sister, actress  Joely Richardson , was also spotted entering the hospital, CNN reported. More information Learn more about traumatic brain injury ', 'entering Lenox Hill Hospital Tuesday night "looking somber," The New York Times reported. Her sister, actress  Joely Richardson , was also spotted entering the hospital, CNN reported. But there are so many missing details of what happened ', 'with daughters Natasha Richardson, left, and  Joely Richardson , 2000. "When you have a head trauma you can bleed York City hospital. So was Richardson\'s sister,  Joely Richardson . Neeson also reportedly was by her side. Actress ', "York City hospital. So was Richardson's sister,  Joely Richardson . Neeson also reportedly was by her side. Actress with daughters Natasha Richardson, left, and  Joely Richardson , 2000. Richardson Suffered Head Injury During Ski ", 'thoughts and prayers are with her, Liam, and their entire family at this difficult time." Richardson\'s sister,  Joely Richardson , stars in the TV series "Nip/Tuck." Her uncle Corin Redgrave told Britain\'s Daily Mail, "I have heard this ', 'Garner, "Alias"; Mariska Hargitay, "Law & Order: Special Victims Unit"; Christine Lahti, "Jack & Bobby";  Joely Richardson , "Nip/Tuck" Conventional Wisdom: Falco is an awards show darling, with three Emmys and two Golden Globes ', 'Independent reports. The Welsh-born designer, a favorite among the likes of Goldie Hawn, Geri Halliwell and  Joely Richardson , said: "The girls will look very sexy and the men will look like strong heroes air travel is a glamorous business ']