['leave you alone to your own fate, you know? He comesou all the way. What an amazing cast. Selma, blake lively,  benicio del toro , john travolta. I didn\'t have scenes with But hopefully I will. What a year you\'ve had. " you were enjoying ', 'He comesou all the way. What an amazing cast. Selma, blake lively, benicio del toro , john travolta. I didn\'t have scenes with But hopefully I will. What a year you\'ve had. " you were enjoying it so ', "Michael J. Fox I I had to see that. I thought it was great fun really Jack Nicholson in 1990 war. Remember that.  Benicio del Toro  two years ago. Who was your favorite wolf it's gotta be Lauren Chaney junior running running around in that shirt ", "great fun really Jack Nicholson in 1990 -- war. Remember that. -- Benicio del Toro two years ago. Who was your favorite -- wolf it's gotta be Lauren Chaney junior running running around in that shirt trousers ", "down. With the film's star  Benicio del Toro . They spoke about his portrayal but just the other side too.  Benicio del Toro  with Peter Travers you can see Why is this new epic starring  Benicio del Toro  for hours long. I think that's ", "Rolling Stone film critic Peter -- sat down. With the film's star Benicio del Toro . They spoke about his portrayal of Argentine born political insurgents -- there. How and when did it come together that you your ", "other side it's it's both sides but just the other side too. Benicio del Toro with Peter Travers you can see the full interview on popcorn ABC news now are 24 hour news now. And people know the revolutionary Che as an image of a T -- and not much more. So does this for our two part movie was -- admission prices in Spanish subtitles. How can you get snow this legend Warren depth here's Josh rock cops opinion. Why is -- this new epic starring Benicio del Toro for hours long. I think that's a fair question for -- to -- we don't have feel embarrassed about asking it is ", "this four hour storm of artillery and explosions and battle scenes. Is Benicio del Toro you've got this great actor incredible gravity. A wonderful facial hair and and costumes. But he's got nowhere to go and nothing to say and -- and nothing to feel Chad has a great resource and Benicio del Toro but it doesn't supply the actor than necessary fire. That needs to enliven the movie. She's way ahead for the. But we ", "Why is this new epic starring  Benicio del Toro  for hours long. I think that's explosions and battle scenes. Is  Benicio del Toro  you've got this great actor feel has a great resource and  Benicio del Toro . But it doesn't supply the ", "here's Josh rock cops opinion. Why is -- this new epic starring Benicio del Toro for hours long. I think that's a fair question for -- to ask we don't have feel embarrassed about asking it is ", "this four hour storm of artillery and explosions and battle scenes. Is Benicio del Toro you've got this great actor incredible gravity. A wonderful facial hair and and costumes. But he's got nowhere to go and nothing to say and note and nothing to feel -- has a great resource and Benicio del Toro . But it doesn't supply the actor than necessary fire that needs to enliven the movie. It's basically had a police. We have "]