['High court considers whether drug companies can be sued for vaccine side effects', 'heard on ABC running doctor thinks the  vaccination  could have triggered his illness in Right now word of mouth says one  vaccination  may actually be causing autism. The suspect is MMR  vaccination  against measles mumps and about. The ', "In the winter we heard on ABC running -- doctor thinks the vaccination could have triggered his illness in this summer on NBC these cases -- Are extraordinarily rare. On an oftentimes. It's impossible to ", 'constituents and it scares me. Right now word of mouth says one vaccination may actually be causing autism. The suspect is MMR vaccination against measles mumps and about. The fear just will not done. Even though the one study that looked into it published in ', 'see the faces of the kids who have become sick after -- vaccination . That a picture is worth a thousand words. But do not dismiss what an anecdote may be trying to kill you says Barbara Fisher. Who believes her son suffered brain damage from a vaccination in 1982. You know the cornerstone of medicine has always again. Anecdotal evidence that is the first warning sign that something that ', 'just a few seconds of I and then she gets passed then. Sign. Heatedly debacle widely publicized concerns that  childhood vaccines  can cause autism. But the controversy has scared a lot of parents the last public health officials need is a ', 'then she gets passed then. Sign. Heatedly debacle widely publicized concerns that childhood vaccines can cause autism. But the controversy has scared a lot of parents -- the last -- public health officials need is a ', 'than good. And this if you sat in the And then she gets passed Sign. Heatedly widely publicized concerns that  childhood vaccines  can cause autism. But the controversy has scared a lot of parents the last public health officials need is a ', 'then she gets passed -- Sign. Heatedly -- widely publicized concerns that childhood vaccines can cause autism. But the controversy has scared a lot of parents -- the last -- public health officials need is a ', "son domain books. After her  baby  was delivered his umbilical her son. Emotions life the  baby 's mother and never got her  vaccination . Because she lived. The Education. Outreach and mass  immunization  drive so yeah. Even in rural the disease still kills one  baby  every nine minutes. It's ", "that she gave birth to a son -- domain books. After her baby was delivered his umbilical cord was infected and the deadly M&T symptoms began. In 1000 miles away another -- -- anxiously while doctors trying to save her son. Emotions life the baby's mother and -- -- -- never got her vaccination . Because she lived. The most difficult to reach region in Ethiopia. I did it unintentionally yeah. Education. Outreach and mass immunization drive so yeah. Even in rural -- remote areas UNICEF organized and transported back seasons by any means necessary. Even by horseback ", "big -- he's very so that you like Meehan it. And your baby but not indicted for them and it has started and it's so easy to prevent. We have the ultimate weapon against this killer disease. As safe and effective -- -- one tetanus immunization cost of sixties. Now we need just one last push to -- -- from the face of the year. And save these ", 'mother on a mission when it comes to  vaccination  and making sure her eighteen month old first Hollywood parents who speak out  childhood vaccines  and autism Jenny McCarthy has become would you say contained wing on which  baby  doing yes the most substance. You know ', 'at them. Is not the first Hollywood parents who speak out -- childhood vaccines and autism Jenny McCarthy has become an outspoken advocate. In the fight to eliminate toxins from vaccines. She believes they played a ', 'exclusive for you the question is did  childhood vaccines  cause on nine year old girl from Georgia it triggered her autism. Following  vaccination  that illness. Authorities stress any case that autism was caused by  vaccination . That is their statement it seems ', 'We have a morning exclusive for you the question is did childhood vaccines cause on nine year old girl from Georgia her autism symptoms that they -- it. In an unprecedented settlement the government says ', 'arguments today in a case that could decide whether parents have the right to sue drug makers over the side effects of  childhood vaccines  to case involves a Pennsylvania girl who suffered seizures and developmental delays she was given a vaccine no ', 'have the right to sue drug makers over the side effects of childhood vaccines to case involves a Pennsylvania girl who suffered seizures and developmental delays she was given a vaccine no longer on the market ', 'Few debates are more emotional than the one swirling around  childhood vaccines  and autism. Even though no reputable study has ever established to link. Many parents continue to worry about that in part because ', 'Few debates are more emotional than the one swirling around childhood vaccines and autism. Even though no reputable study has ever established to link. Many parents continue to worry about that -- in part ', "new diseases and some of their early  childhood vaccines  mother no longer active. Neal Karlinsky why the CDC recommends a meningitis  vaccination  for kids ranging from eleven to eighteen.  Immunization  can save your child's life PSAs like ", 'older children develop risk for new diseases and some of their early childhood vaccines mother -- no longer active. Neal Karlinsky introduces us to one young man who nearly lost his life over an illness that ', "that is being used in vaccines over time. Since 2003 however it's not been a part of routinely administered  childhood vaccines  with the exception of some forms of the seasonal influenza vaccine. According to current plans much of the vaccine ", "time. Since 2003 however it's not been a part of routinely administered childhood vaccines with the exception of some forms of the seasonal influenza vaccine. According to current plans much of the vaccine that will be ", "of federal court rules there is no connection. Between  childhood vaccines  and autism. Withdrawn. President Obama loses another cabinet seen in years due in part we believe to families postponing  vaccination  of their kids' families. Afraid of the danger that the ", "headlines no proof of federal court rules there is no connection. Between childhood vaccines and autism. Withdrawn. President Obama loses another cabinet nominee this time it's because of disagreement over policies. Space danger the collision of ", 'mother on a mission when the cons of  vaccination  and making sure her eighteen month not the first Hollywood parents our  childhood vaccines  and autism Jenny McCarthy has become this is what she says about this whole  vaccination  process. In 1983 to shot schedule ', "closer look at them. It's not the first Hollywood parents -- our childhood vaccines and autism Jenny McCarthy has become an outspoken advocate. In the fight to eliminate toxins from vaccines. She believes they played a ", "marching right along side. The gave birth to a perfect  baby  boy He was even tempered alert put into would have just the autism community she's a heroin and her views on  childhood vaccines  have been dismissed by the mainstream medical community ", "ahead. Inside the autism community she's a heroin and her views on childhood vaccines have been dismissed by the mainstream medical community. They say study after study shows and most kids there's no evidence that vaccines ", "range of behavior therapies to some of the latest medications plus we'll take a look at the debate over the causes of autism including. Whether or not  childhood vaccines  may have played a role in some cases that's all ahead on GMA now.", "at the debate over the causes of autism including. Whether or not childhood vaccines may have played a role in some cases that's all ahead on GMA now. ", 'relationship if any between  childhood vaccines  and autism. Right answer should we should break up the  vaccination  program and the smaller we protect against that  vaccination . Are the most serious diseases antigens and then the entire  vaccination  series that we to kids today ', 'we do and do not know about the relationship if any between childhood vaccines and autism. Right answer and it got the data -- right. Yeah I think over the past decade -- and questions that ', 'researchers reported that cases of autism continue to rise in California. Even after removal of Mercury from  childhood vaccines . But several new studies find genes are linked to autism risk. Scientists from Massachusetts General Hospital ', 'autism continue to rise in California. Even after removal of Mercury from childhood vaccines . But several new studies find genes are linked to autism risk. Scientists from Massachusetts General Hospital. Found rare genetic abnormalities. On chromosome ', "table and asked what's fueling our fears I think what we have is it industrial complex. Fear spreading about  childhood vaccines . But is that playing on parents' worries. Profit didn't scare people and make money. And what if you didn't ", "think what we have is it -- industrial complex. Fear spreading about childhood vaccines . But is that playing on parents' worries. Profit didn't scare people and make money. And what if you didn't let -- getting "]