['Actor reveals his "Royal Pains" character makes him feel like Jason Bourne on set.', 'specifics of her plan to combat  childhood obesity  in America today. Sharon lives than their parents.  Kids  like Gora a fourteen year puberty. The arteries of  overweight children  often looked like those belonging his parents who love our  kids . But as citizens who love ', 'Lady Michelle Obama rolled out the specifics of her plan to combat childhood obesity in America today. Sharon Alfonse He tells us what mrs. Obama thinks will work to solve the problem approaching a crisis. Before ', 'realities and dangers of  childhood obesity  and get them to change is hardly the first  childhood obesity  ad to turn into a giant used real overweight  kids , some called it downright people are talking about  childhood obesity  and that might just ', 'index," the uproar about a startling new ad campaign to fight childhood obesity . It shows pictures of children doctored to look obese and it\'s stirring up a lot of controversy. Abc\'s cecilia vega has that ', '"this campaign serves to educate parents on the realities and dangers of childhood obesity and get them to change their behaviors." It is hardly the first childhood obesity ad to turn into a giant controversy. The doctor says I have something called hypertension. Reporter: This camn in georgia used real overweight kids , some called it downright mean. If you use real kids you\'re going to be called fat shamers. On the other hand if you take this kid and photoshop them it\'s a no-win situation. Reporter: Other photoshopped ads have gone viral for taking too much off like this ralph lauren ad showing a stick thin model and this new york city diabetes campaign, the disease didn\'t take the man\'s leg away, computer magic did but this ad photoshopped chubbiness and all shows one thing is clear, people are talking about childhood obesity and that might just be the point. For "good morning america," cecilia vega, abc news, los angeles. Childhood obesity is a problem. Do you have children who are overweight. Why not show their pictures instead of photoshopping. As they say it\'s pointed out those kids can get shamed, as well. This doesn\'t bother me if it works. If they can show this works to stop obesity -- ', 'calling the epidemic of  childhood obesity  with an estimated one in three American  kids  considered overweight creating a task force on  childhood obesity . This Obama wants eliminate this problem of  childhood obesity  in a generation we ', 'now to -- -- what many experts are calling the epidemic of childhood obesity with an estimated one in three American kids considered overweight. -- tomorrow The New England Journal of Medicine will publish a study. That finds that obese children on more than ', "a shorter life. Span than their parents to -- one and three kids here. Overweight or obese and we're spending a 150 billion dollars a year treating obesity -- related. Illnesses so we know. This is a problem -- there's a lot at stake I am so proud and now First Lady Michelle Obama is calling for action. This morning President Obama signed a memorandum creating a task force on childhood obesity . This -- Obama wants the program this afternoon. This isn't like a disease where we're still waiting for the cure to be discovered we know the cure for this. This isn't like putting a man on the moon -- -- -- the Internet it doesn't take a stroke of genius or feat of technology. We have everything we need right now to help our kids lead healthy lives. -- -- -- the initiative is called let's move. And with the help of the federal government nonprofits in ", "approach actually provide tangible result. We want to eliminate this problem of childhood obesity in a generation we want to get that done we want our kids . To face a different and more optimistic future in terms of their lifespan and we think we can do it I'm Robin ", 'the American academy of pediatrics recommends cholesterol. Tests for  overweight children  to detect problems before partly begins. Typically recommend diet and exercise to  kids  with abnormal but in extreme cases the American heart says. Young ', 'indecent -- and the American academy of pediatrics recommends cholesterol. Tests for overweight children to detect problems before partly begins. Typically recommend diet and exercise to kids with abnormal -- but in extreme cases the American heart says. Young -- eight years old. -- mean streak with -- Staten ', 'How important to us that your children are healthy well this dropping Roberts with doctor Richard joins forces with the sleepy taking on the  childhood obesity  crisis because nothing more important than you. On ABC.', 'with doctor Richard -- joins forces with the sleepy taking on the childhood obesity crisis because nothing more important than you. On ABC. ', 'We all know the dangers of  childhood obesity  and the toll that it takes on our children our families and our country. We know the steps that we need to take to reverse the ', 'We all know the dangers of childhood obesity and the toll that it takes on our children our families and our country. We know the steps that we need to ', "image. They're trying to put an end to jury it major issues  childhood obesity  down in Atlanta where they say that. Across Georgia ranks second nationally for  childhood obesity  but look at this is warning it's hard to be a little girl ", "trying to put an end to jury it major issues -- -- childhood obesity down in Atlanta where they say that. Across Georgia ranks second nationally for childhood obesity but look at this is -- warning it's hard to be a little girl. -- -- southern he'd done a lot of ", "Childhood obesity  is a national epidemic and extreme solution to get their  kids ' weight under control sending well dieting boot camp where  kids  learn to count calories wellspring academy. For some  kids  like Michael in Sydney this ", "Childhood obesity is a national epidemic and some parents are opting for an extreme solution to get their kids' weight under control sending their children. To a boarding school in North Carolina. It's -- kind of well dieting boot camp where kids learn to count calories. And learn how to take control of their lives and bodies ABC's juju Chang has the story. Weight loss is the core curriculum here wellspring academy. For some kids like Michael in Sydney this school is literally -- last and sometimes lifesaving resort seatbelts. And see both became a problem within like a spent an hour argued that -- like a day's worth of it's fresh wellspring believes the solution lies as much of the kid's mind as in their metabolism but it's an uphill climb. When sixteen year old Michaels lesson -- arrived nine months ago he ", 'bold plan for ending.  Childhood obesity  in a single generation and we ask  kids  to take their toughest and government. With a  childhood obesity  rate it has tripled in the last thirty years now the  kids  knew there was no more ', 'Michelle Obama is joining the fight with a bold plan for ending. Childhood obesity in a single generation and we ask kids to take their toughest questions about their health of some of our top government officials and -- Doctor Richard -- was there. -- and it was a tough crowd of experts from the secretaries and I mean spot -- catching. All looking for straight answers about their future health from their leaders and government. With a childhood obesity rate it has tripled in the last thirty years now the kids knew there was no more time to waste. You running fast food industry responsible. For what they preemptive returning. Craig -- -- ', "against the epidemic of  childhood obesity . Unveiling her let's and government. The  childhood obesity  rate it has tripled in the last thirty years the  kids  knew there was no more short January. I think  kids  who are overweight or ", "Lady Michelle Obama sounded the call to arms against the epidemic of childhood obesity . Unveiling her let's move initiative to curb what President Obama has called. The most urgent health issue facing the country with obesity ", 'straight answers about their future health from their leaders and government. The childhood obesity rate it has tripled in the last thirty years the kids knew there was no more time to waste. Are you holding fast food industry responsible. For what they -- massive return. Cricket ', "particular. The epidemic of  childhood obesity  in America today. Now we all isn't just teenagers school age  kids  that we're talking about disease. But we also know that  childhood obesity  is not a stand alone problem ", "that is the health of our children. In particular. The epidemic of childhood obesity in America today. Now we all know this is a serious problem in every single community in this country. But. Like with so many of the other challenges we face today. Communities of colors have been hit especially hard. Nearly two in five Hispanic children are overweight world peace. And this isn't just teenagers -- school age kids that we're talking about. Believe it or not the obesity rate among Hispanic preschoolers. Is higher than they're white or African American peers. And we all know what this means for their overall health. We all know the links between obesity and cancer diabetes high blood pressure and heart disease. But we also know that childhood obesity is not a stand alone problem. We know that it is bound up in just about every other issues that we face. ", 'Childhood obesity  levels in America have been steadily increase in the prevalence of  childhood obesity  during this time. Levels of obesity public health efforts to curb  childhood obesity . Such as removing junk food from ', 'Childhood obesity levels in America have been steadily rising since the 1960s. When just four to 5% of teens were overweight. That number climbed ', "from 1999. To 2006. And found no increase in the prevalence of childhood obesity during this time. Levels of obesity held steady for both boys and girls and across all racial groups -- Mexican American and African American children. Are still more likely to be overweight than their white counterparts. Experts are encouraged by the findings saying public health efforts to curb childhood obesity . Such as removing junk food from schools may be paying off. But they also point out that no increase in childhood obesity means also know. With this medical minute I'm doctor Timothy Johnson. ", 'million dollars to fight  childhood obesity  half a billion dollars In the war against  childhood obesity  these are the front junk food available to  kids  and encourage exercise brakes on skyrocketing  childhood obesity  rate. We look at the ', "The Robert Wood Johnson Foundation. Is giving 500 million dollars to fight childhood obesity half a billion dollars to try to change habits and improve health. To put the gift in perspective. Medical cost to treat obese children are estimated at fourteen billion dollars a year. Here's ABC's Kate Snow. In the war against childhood obesity these are the front lines schools corner stores and right at home. Today's announcement means more money than ever will be spent to try and change behavior on all fronts. Really -- this. -- -- call to action with the government's help with school administrators. Parents communities everyone coming together to come up with. Common solutions. The grant money is available to anyone with a good idea to make schools healthier places limit junk food available to kids and encourage exercise. This amount of money if it is well directed into programs that are meaningful. And programs -- attack things ", "launching a statewide obesity initiative Arkansas has put the brakes on skyrocketing childhood obesity rate. We look at the adult diseases that are starting to occur in children. We cannot afford not to take action. On the national level the foundation hopes spending 500 million dollars on our children now we'll save literally billions in health care costs later in life. Movie so -- recently met an eight year old in Philadelphia who had never eaten a banana. If this money helps get the healthy eating message to parents those fighting childhood obesity say it will be well spent. I hope that. Helping motivate parents is going to be also part of this because we ", "And like turning school. Because the end decades Yeah it's really. Being big runs and her family. As her mom I never noticed to make eating any differently than the rest of us she junk food but what kid doesn't. When a doctor says she had type two diabetes. I never thought what we eat made her", 'Childhood obesity  is a growing epidemic in this and definitely to the fact that  childhood obesity  epidemic absolutely and it points causing the larger numbers of  childhood obesity . Well I think that we now in ', 'Childhood obesity is a growing epidemic in this country according to data from the national health and nutrition examination survey. Children battling obesity could ', 'this is an alarming statistic and definitely -- to the fact that childhood obesity epidemic absolutely and it points to all of these. Future adults that may have. Problems down the line -- while the concerning ', 'very alarming do we know what is causing the larger numbers of childhood obesity . Well I think that we now in that society and the supersize. Meals that we see everywhere and and general different approach ', "campaign to combat  childhood obesity  called let's move the goal of ending  childhood obesity . In a generation and noting He split my  kids  love parents rule and on helping to combat  childhood obesity . Launching a national ", "today she'll unveil her biggest program yet. A nationwide campaign to combat childhood obesity called let's move ten billion dollars will be spent over ten years but the goal of ending childhood obesity . In a generation and yes it was a very snowy White House for our conversation. Welcome to the snow capital. Snow days noting He split my kids love -- parents -- rule and we're gonna do what. They had friends over the other day. And right now they're working on balancing -- state cards and school homework are you anxious as most parents because it could affect your today. Well I have a little more help. My mom is still -- so it doesn't really completely -- things you know that's that the beauty of living in the White House you know a lot of people who help out. Now Michelle Obama's days are focused on helping to combat childhood obesity . Launching a national campaign to get kids healthy. Tell us about this latest initiative and concerning that the overall goal Robin is very ambitious we want to eliminate this problem. Of childhood obesity in a generation. One in three kids here. Overweight or obese and -- spending a 150 billion dollars. A year treating obesity -- related. Illnesses so we know. This is a problem -- there's a lot at stake. So when we. No that we need to do something big and get moving on -- -- -- we're launching -- -- nationwide campaign called let's move to because we need to get this done my kids have to get up and move they can't sit in front of the TV. I have my girls involved in sports because ", "the battle against  childhood obesity  we've long known of trying to get our  kids  to eat healthy and strategy can lower  childhood obesity  rates by as much as can do in fighting  childhood obesity  right to this study ", "In the battle against childhood obesity we've long known the importance of trying to get our kids to eat healthy and stay active. But a new study out this morning in the journal of the American academy of pediatrics. Shows that implementing a new three pronged strategy can lower childhood obesity rates by as much as 40%. Joining us today for -- latest installment of our back to basics series is doctor Alanna Levine pediatrician and spokesperson for the American academy of pediatrics. -- Carolina thanks so much for joining us again at the budget so this study really is the first one to look at. Comprehensive. Group of behaviors correct that's right at it as opposed to Cingular behaviors that we can do -- in fighting childhood obesity right to this study specifically looked at the amount of screen time children had. I'm in the two groups for those who ", 'study and how to help your  kids  eat more helpfully. Is our statistics. That we do know about  childhood obesity  rate now so according to the more plant based foods into  kids . You know so this is really groups and doing and ways that  kids  lightning maybe able occurred ', "gain. Here it tells about the study and how to help your kids eat more helpfully. Is our resident -- country registered dietitians and the assassin the -- -- good to see you and say thank you so before you get into the study talk about the statistics. That we do know about childhood obesity rate now so according to the latest data. Children between the ages of two in nineteen years -- that's -- at that ", "onboard the fight against  childhood obesity  with First Lady Michelle So exactly what will  kids  be getting here's nationwide campaign against  childhood obesity . The Who opposed also happens to be what  kids  care about most what's ", "been building on fast food restaurants to get onboard the fight against childhood obesity with First Lady Michelle Obama leading the charge. Today the biggest chain of all McDonald's rolled out a new happy meals touting change and choice. So exactly what will kids be getting here's ABC's -- got my. Movement yeah. That we'll get it starting to date this iconic box of fun he's ", 'it but First Lady Michelle Obama is heading in nationwide campaign against childhood obesity . The Who opposed. The company says its new meals cut about a hundred calories reduce sodium and reduce saturated fat by about ']