['To get every girl in a classroom, "men and boys need to be part of the solution" ', 'Editor\'s note: Nigel Barker is a photographer, host of TV\'s "The Face" and former judge on "America\'s Next Top Model." This open letter to the girls of the world is part of the "Girl Rising" project. CNN Films\' "Girl Rising" documents extraordinary girls and the power of education to change the world. Watch it June 16 on CNN.', "My 3-year-old daughter, Jasmine, amazes me every day. In all of my travels around the world as a fashion photographer, I've never seen anything more beautiful than watching her grow up. She loves going to school and dreams of becoming a doctor and a ballerina -- there are no limits to what she can become!", 'As a father, it pains me that not every girl has the same chance as Jasmine to get an education and pursue her dreams.', "Today, girls make up more than half of the 140 million children and adolescents who don't attend school, and in many countries, more than half the girls drop out before they get to the sixth grade. Instead of getting an education, they are often forced to marry as children and carry the burden of household chores.", "This predicament is devastating for millions of girls who deserve better. It's also devastating for our world because educating girls is one of the most important steps we can take to end poverty. When a girl is educated, she is likely to earn more money to support her family, to promote economic growth in her country, and to have a healthier home life.", 'As part of the United Nations Foundation\'s Girl Up campaign, I\'ve had the opportunity to work with young people to stand up for girls\' education. Girl Up, a "for girls, by girls" campaign, mobilizes the energy of youth to help raise funds and awareness for United Nations programs that provide girls in developing countries with life-changing opportunities, like getting an education. Thanks to the work of the U.N., governments, organizations and girls around the world, more girls than ever are in primary school.', 'To be born a girl in Afghanistan is often to be ushered into a life of servitude, where girls have very little worth and very dim futures. Amina is forced to marry at 12, to bear a child though still a child herself -- while her own brother is given her dowry money to buy a used car. But Amina, whose name was changed and story portrayed by an actress out of concern for her safety, has had enough, and she is fighting back.', 'CNN Films\' "Girl Rising" tells the stories of Amina and other girls from around the world and how the power of education can change the world. Learn more about the girls\' inspiring stories.', '"What if a girl\'s life could be more?" When Azmera turned 13, it was time for the Ethiopian girl to be given to a stranger in marriage, like her mother and grandmother before her. But Azmera refused. Azmera is fearful, but she is not alone. She has a champion beside her: an older brother who would give up anything for his sister to be able to stay in school. Together, brother and sister dare to reject her fate.', '"Poetry is how I turn ugliness into art." La Rinconada, Peru, is a bleak corner of the world that regularly turns out two things: gold from deep within its mountain, which is immediately sent far away; and despair, which remains. Senna\'s is the poorest of the poor mining families clinging to that mountain. Every day is a struggle. Yet, somehow, she was given two magnificent gifts: a father who named her for a warrior princess and insisted that she goes to school, and a talent with words. And when Senna discovered poetry, everything changed. ', '"Change is like a song you can\'t hold back." Suma\'s brothers are sent to school, but her parents have no money for a daughter\'s education. Given into bonded servitude at age 6, Suma labors in the house of a master from before dawn until late at night. For years, the Nepali girl suffers in silence, until music gives her a voice. A stroke of luck and kindness gives Suma a chance to go to school -- and a crusader is born.', '"I will come back every day until I can stay." Wadley is 7 years old when the world comes crashing down around her. When Haiti\'s catastrophic earthquake destroys lives, homes and families, Wadley\'s happy life with her mother, filled with friends and school, becomes a struggle to survive in a teeming tent city, devastation and grief all around. But Wadley believes she is meant to do something special with her life -- and that the way to begin is by getting back to school. What happens when this irrepressible spirit confronts a system that tells her she is unworthy of an education is an inspiration to the world.', '"Now there\'s nothing to stop me. Nothing in the world. Nothing in the universe." Mariama describes herself as a typical teenager, which in itself is remarkable. Her poverty-stricken country, Sierra Leone, is still recovering from a brutal decade of civil war. But Mariama isn\'t looking back; she is the voice of the future. She is the first in her family to go to school and already has her own radio show and dreams of being a famous scientist and a television star.', '"He was strong, but I was stronger." An Egyptian girl of 12 whose family can\'t afford to send her to school has very few options. She can become a street kid; she can become a bride; she can become a target. Yasmin -- whose name was changed and story portrayed by an actress out of concern for her safety -- is lured into the trap of a sexual predator. But what she doesn\'t become is a victim. Yasmin becomes a superhero. ', 'We still have more work to do to get every girl in a classroom, but we are making progress.', "Achieving this goal will require all of us to stand up for girls' rights. Men and boys need to be part of the solution. After all, the positive impact of girls' education has been shown to transcend generations, benefiting girls, as well as their families, their communities and our world.", "Girls can change the future, but we need to give them the chance. Join the growing movement to advocate for girls' education.", 'The school year started with a shooting. Now, Malala eyes a summer of speaking at the U.N. and telling her story in a new book. ', 'One girl with courage is a revolution. CNN Films\' "Girl Rising" tells the stories of girls across the globe and the power of education to change the world. ', 'CNN Films\' "Girl Rising" follows girls across the world in their quest for education', 'What a queen, a correspondent, an activist and an actress have to say to girls everywhere? Read their open letters.', "Join the conversation and write your open letter -- Share your story and read others' experiences at iReport today", 'Less than half of U.S. teen moms graduate high school. And the lack of opportunities is a slow death for them, one principal says.', 'Get more information about CNN Films\' "Girl Rising" as well as the latest news and global voices on the topic of girls education. ']