['Prices start at $499 for the 32GB model and $699 for the 64GB; both are Wi-Fi only', "(CNN) -- The Microsoft Surface tablet picture has abruptly come into focus. Tuesday morning this Redmond giant filled in the blanks on the new tablet's pricing, availability and specs.", "Starting today at 9 a.m. PT, consumers can preorder Microsoft's upstart 10.6-inch tablet at Surface.com, with prices starting at $499 for the 32GB model and $699 for the 64GB model. Both tablets are Wi-Fi only.", "The Windows RT (Microsoft's ARM-friendly version of Windows 8, which ships Oct. 26) tablet, which offers a built-in kickstand, does not ship with the 3mm thin Touch Cover keypad. That'll run you $119. The Touch Cover, which features real keys, costs $129. You can save $20 if you buy the $599 Surface/Touch Cover bundle (the $699 edition comes with the Touch Cover).", "We also now know a lot more about what's inside Surface's Titanium shell and Vapor Magnesium (VaporMG) skeleton.", 'Along with a Nvidia Tegra 3 CPU (which may be running at 1.5 GHz), Microsoft has stuffed an impressive 2 GB of RAM inside the Surface. It also features an 802.11N Mimo Wi-Fi radio, Bluetooth 4.0, an accelerometer, gyroscope, compass, dual microphones, stereo speakers, an HD-out port, a full-sized USB 2.0 port and a micro SD-slot. There are two 720p cameras (no 1080p); one on the front and one on the back.', 'It also comes pre-loaded with Microsoft Office Home and Student 2013 RT Preview edition, which Microsoft execs say has been tweaked to accommodate the touch-screen interface.', 'Like many of the mid-sized tablets entering the market today, the Surface is a Wi-Fi-only device. Even so, it\'s sort of the odd man out when compared to 9.7- and 8.9-inch LTE devices from Apple and Amazon, respectively. Microsoft\'s Windows 8 lead Steven Sinofsky said he\'s not concerned about the Surface\'s lack of a cellular feature, adding "it could be an option down the road. Maybe, maybe not."', 'The device will ship Oct. 26, and also be available at roughly 65 Microsoft stores and holiday pop-up locations around the country. Microsoft is devoting nearly 50% of its store floor space to the iPad rival. Surface will also go on sale in eight international locations, including China, Hong Kong, United Kingdom, Germany, France and Australia.', "What consumers will see when they go shopping for the Surface is a product that is subtly different than the one Microsoft showed off during the summer. That's because the company had not quite finished developing the Surface, which probably explains why reporters got so little time with the product.", 'Mashable got a little closer to some of the finished devices this week, as Microsoft proudly explained the development process (even taking us behind the scenes at its top-secret development labs) and some of the key hardware highlights that it believes set it apart from the tablet competition.', 'We got to very briefly hold the device. It weighs 1.5 pounds, but does not feel heavier than the 1.46-pound iPad. Microsoft\'s Sinofsky and Panos Panay, General Manager for Microsoft\'s Surface program, said that this is because Microsoft engineered the "inertia" (the feeling you get when someone, say, drops the Surface into your hand) to be different, essentially spreading the weight out over a larger area and as evenly as possibly.', "We typed a bit on the tablet's cover, too. It's smart enough to not react when I rested my hands on the slightly raised, pressure-sensitive urethane keyboard, but reacted well to touch typing. The cover even includes a track pad area, which also responded well to taps and gestures.", "Though Surface is clearly a tablet device, Sinofsky pointed out that the process of developing Windows 8 (on which Surface's Windows RT operating system is based) started in the summer of 2009, when there was no Apple iPad as a reference point (though it remains unclear if Microsoft began working on its tablet at that time).", 'Sinofsky also seemed, at times, almost unwilling to truly define the Surface as a tablet: "I\'ve used a lot of tablets and this is not a tablet, but this is the best tablet I\'ve ever used. And I\'ve used a lot of laptops and notebooks, but this is not a laptop or notebook, but it\'s the best laptop or notebook I\'ve ever used."', "Sinofsky did also, of course, describe the Surface as a touch-first tablet device, but also emphasized its utility and productivity. In fact, the desire to make the Surface a truly productive tablet drove many of Microsoft's design decisions.", 'Of course, a larger screen means more power consumption and the need for a bigger battery. Sinofsky explained that "you\'re in this loop" of ever increasing screen size, more battery to support it and, naturally, more weight.', 'This reality forced Microsoft to come up with its own magnesium chassis, highly compressed touch-stack for the screen, and a host of other patents and innovations to hit 1.5 pounds with all-day battery life, while not turning the Surface into a heavy, bulky device.', 'From what we saw, Microsoft may have succeeded. However the true test starts today as consumers place their orders and then, 10 days from now, when customers get their hands on the new Surface tablet. Can it stand tall among the iPads, Kindle Fires and Google Nexuses of the world? Only time -- and some critical reviews -- will tell.', "In the past 10 years we've seen cell phones transform into electronic Swiss army knives with a wild variety of functions and features.", "If you're like Derek Smith, you spend a lot of time on your smartphone. Then again, maybe nobody is quite like Derek Smith.", 'I am part of a dying breed. I am among a quickly shrinking slice of Americans who have yet to step foot in smartphone land.', "If you're looking for a harbinger of the zombie apocalypse, look no further than all those people on the street pecking at their tiny, handheld windows into a private world.", 'There are many ways to lose or ruin your smartphone. Forgetfulness, crime, gravity, anger, intoxication, acts of God. ', "It is a device that three quarters of the world's inhabitants have access to, but the words to describe it and etiquette of how to use it differ starkly across cultures.", 'While about a quarter of adults in the United States suffer from some form of mental illness, most of them are not getting adequate treatment, if any. ', "There are millions of cell phone users in the United States. But one day last week, there was one less. Here's how comedian Dean Obeidallah survived it.", 'In a world where people are glued to their smartphones every minute of the day, what happened to observing the people and places around us? And what is it doing to our brains?', 'Physical therapists have a diagnosis for the headaches, neck cricks and achy shoulders affecting smartphone users, gamers and e-mailers. They call it "Text Neck."', "Works of art photography aren't just for people with DSLR or film cameras anymore. Smartphones are helping create incredible art.", 'What if you found yourself stuck alone at a faraway airport -- with no money, credit cards or ID? Never fear, all you need is your phone.', 'China is on the verge of a smartphone revolution. For migrant populations, such technology has served to liberate workers, restructuring their social identity.', 'A little over a decade ago there were about 100,000 phone lines in Nigeria, mostly landlines run by the state-owned telecoms behemoth, NITEL. Today NITEL is dead, and Nigeria has close to 100 million mobile phone lines.', 'How does sleeping with your smartphone inches from reach affect your life? You might be surprised.', "They've helped ignite the Arab Spring and given people better access to education and health care. How smartphones are changing the world.", "From the Samsung Galaxy S III to the next iPhone, here's a look at some of the most popular new handsets.", 'Many parents complain that cellphones, computers and tablets are dividing families. But some experts disagree. ', "Ten years ago, I helped work on the next great revolution in digital media. It was going to be wireless. Only most people didn't know it then. "]