["pet at the that's called a signature moves guys can't -- Brazilian soccer fans quarter -- -- -- -- -- a -- -- imported operas -- supposed to host the World Cup any year. They say this is an isolated incident that happened in a really poor areas in -- worse off. And they can say that but the whole thing with apparently caught yourself on video they made one arrest is still looking for suspects might want in this area via Atlanta I don't well -- -- risen lately. -- -- I was gonna point out that. Brazil's not in Central America and Scott kindly pointed that out it is kind of racist of you to want the two regions ", "be there they -- just sold that place up the entire season. Soccer Brazil Spain -- cup outside the World Cup this -- you look at. The -- Spain Spain team who are defending World Cup champions Spain who have won the European Cup take -- Brazil . Who's right 22 in the world and get hammered three nothing if you watch the game was in the Moran about and balances it sounded. Spain is -- how the -- by a wide margin. In India and Brazil dominated here's my problem why -- -- 22 of the world how can you possibly watch that game it's a yeah. One play 22. And Brazil went three nothing you don't think there's something fundamentally wrong with your. Your ranking system is something very much wrong it just ", "Largest protests -- -- Brazil in two decades exploding overnight. An estimated one million people coming out to demonstrate against the country's government. 300000. Flooding the streets and -- -- -- clashing with police tear gas -- -- to fires burned. It's really exciting to see the people in the streets demanding their rights -- people have woken up at least forty people suffering injuries in Rio alone. Protesters in the capital storming government buildings. Surrounding Brazil's Foreign Ministry and trying to break windows that congress. Quite axis at least one -- calling for peace. Well I support peaceful ", "resources are scanners. The unrest flaring during the confederations cup and international soccer tournament. And before Brazil hosts the World Cup next year and the 2016. Olympic Games. A 26 billion dollar price tag on those two upcoming athletic events adding to protesters' anger. Brazil's president called an emergency meeting of the cabinet on Friday to help try to deal with the crisis. In Miami Steve Harrigan ", "As more than a 100000 people have taken to the streets in Brazil . At last night where protests some of them turned violent. As rioters rush the steps of the state assembly building in Rio. Battling police and setting fires at least thirty people reported hurt including cops. Out of the chaos images like this one a military officer pepper spraying a woman in the face of what is clearly close range. We've seen similar pictures amid the violence in Turkey. The demonstrations in Brazil started last week over the new public transportation fare hikes. Tensions rose at the cops reportedly fired rubber bullets and tear gas at crowds in Sao -- Rallies it's spread to other major cities highlighted would get rid X on the map including the capital Brasilia. Where marchers climbed atop the roof of congress. All this is Brazil -- the international soccer tournament now and -- for the 2016 summer games plus the World Cup next year. And next month a visit from the Pope for world youth day. Steve here on this giant mess Steve. Chipper decides in the extent of these protests appear to have taken Brazil's government completely by surprise. The president has come out and praised the demonstrators as being largely nonviolent. And she's calls an expression a legitimate expression of democracy. Despite that they'll be tens of thousands more out tonight largely members of the middle class -- college educated. To protest her government. Expressing dissatisfaction not only with the rise in transportation cost. But also with the fact that the government has spent three billion dollars on soccer stadiums in Iraq's next year's World Cup with more spending expected. In the -- -- the Olympics in 2016. There's a growing sense among Brazil's middle class that they are not getting what they deserve from the government. Of the world's sixth largest economy. -- in us need these nationwide protests are reportedly some of the biggest demonstrations since the end of Brazil's dictatorship back in 85. The country's military regime lasted for more than two decades back then and during that time violent clashes ", "since 1994. Sports retailers are hoping to cash in on next year's World Cup in Brazil . A -- expects to see two point seven billion dollars and soccer related sales. In 2014 at the global event drives demand that he is also betting heavily on the event including sponsorship. Of ", "Pope Francis' Refusal To Use Popemobile In Brazil  Poses Tough Security Challenge"]