["Now there are 135.That's how many medical tests, treatments and other procedures - many used for decades - physicians have now identified as almost always unnecessar...", 'I once ran a half-marathon with anemia, which means hemoglobin is low and less oxygen is carried to the muscles, among many other health issues. Another time I ran a...', 'The U.S. House Committee on Energy and Commerce has requested briefings this week by representatives of the Food and Drug Administration and Centers for Disease Cont...', 'You need to improve your game, the squat and/or the jumps in your boot camp class, and odds are someone has advised you to strengthen your core as the solution. What...', 'We usually view side effects as a bad thing, but sometimes they point the way to a whole new use for a drug."We think of...drugs as being specific to [a] task," says...', "After his first day working at St Joseph Mercy Ann Arbor hospital's newly created Fungal Outbreak Clinic, Dr David Vandenberg struggled to describe to his boss the e...", '1. Skin Problems A stress-induced chemical reaction in the body can make skin more sensitive and reactive. Oil-producing glands then go into overdrive, triggering ac...', 'Want to improve your golf game?Warming up properly might just be the key.A recent study showed that during a two-year period, 60 percent of golf professionals and 40...', 'Make every step count, no matter how often you hit the pavement.If You Walk Occasionally... Routine: Begin by walking 10 to 15 minutes on flat ground or on a treadmi...', 'If you eat the same food every day, even when healthy, you still may be missing important vitamins and minerals. The same is true when you stick with only one type o...', 'Cervical cancer begins in the cervix, the lower portion of the uterus that connects to the vagina, or birth canal. The American Cancer Society estimates that approxi...', 'Recently, there has been much debate and controversy over when and if certain medical tests should be ordered, including mammograms, Pap smears and PSA screening for...', 'Bladder cancer begins in the bladder, a central organ in the urinary system. The National Cancer Institute reports that 14,880 people will die from bladder cancer an...', 'Temporomandibular disorders, more commonly referred to as TMJ disorders or just TMJ, are a group of conditions that affect the muscles around the jaw and related joi...', "Some of the world's largest drugmakers will face an uphill battle next week in their bid to revive a class of experimental pain drugs that have been sidelined by saf..."]