["the 13th president the following day. The cause of Taylor's death is still disputed. Most argue that he contracted  cholera  from a glass of water or iced milk during the swelteringly hot Fourth of July celebrations in Washington, D.C. Taylor ", 'safety concerns. One common reason, said Coffman, is vibrio contamination, a pathogen related to the bacteria that cause  cholera . Vibrio is found in higher concentrations when water gets warmer, so outbreaks are more common in the summer months ', 'after all, identity theft, like the radiation at Chernobyl or the germs that cause  cholera , is invisible, and thus easy for non-victims to ignore. Like  cholera , radiation poisoning, and a host of other ills, identity theft is all too real ', 'Haiti, 54 were killed when heavy rains caused rivers to overflow and flood surrounding areas. Al Jazeera reports that  cholera  cases are on the rise and food security in the country is at risk. In Cuba, homes and crops were destroyed throughout ', 'telephones, CNN reported . Flooding may also pose serious health risk in region. Over the summer, flooded wells lead to a  cholera  outbreak in the Granma province of the country. The storm hit also hit the Bahamas, Puerto Rico, and the Dominican Republic ', 'families often live without electricity and running water, which leads to higher rates of diseases like tuberculosis,  cholera  and hepatitis. Despite a daily struggle for survival, the children of more than 2000 communities known as Las Colonias ', 'this morning on "Good Morning America." "I\'ve been in buildings in which anthrax has been released; I\'ve tracked  cholera  across South America. I don\'t think I\'ve been in an setting that felt more unsettling than the Ebola ward," Besser ', "goggles, face mask, and two pairs of gloves. I've been in buildings in which anthrax has been released; I've tracked  cholera  across South America. I don't think I've been in an setting that felt more unsettling than the ebola ward. I'm ", 'those fish carried strains of several bacteria that could cause soft tissue infections, including Vibrio vulnificus,  Vibrio cholerae  and S. agalactiae. The strains were resistant to many important antimicrobial medications, including tetracyclines ', "Hidden America: 'Forgotten Ones' Struggle to Survive in Texas' Barren 'Colonias'", "residents get sick, they simply tough it out, even when afflicted rare diseases seen here, including tuberculosis and even  cholera . PHOTOS: Life in Las Colonias Another colonias resident, 8-year-old Evelyn, said she often doesn't get enough ", 'ABC News Launches "Hidden America" - A Special Long-Terms, Cross Platform Series', 'families often live without electricity and running water, which leads to higher rates of diseases like tuberculosis,  cholera  and hepatitis. Despite a daily struggle for survival, the children of more than 2000 communities known as Las Colonias ', 'in the deadly outbreak of  cholera  in quake-ravaged Haiti the person who introduced  cholera  in Haiti, the U.N. peacekeeper was the proximate cause of  cholera . That is, he was carrying READ: UN Peacekeepers Caused  Cholera Epidemic  in Haiti, Report Says Leading ', "We have. On a costly. But it. Last year's was  cholera epidemic  right. A lot of people in its region. When do and it could he who have been moving here that we're having a real difficulty ", "have. On a -- costly. But it. -- Last year's -- was cholera epidemic right. A lot of people -- in its region. When do and it could he who have been moving here that we're ", "maintain basic level house. This enables people to gain access to reliable sources of safe water. And He with a  cholera epidemic  being so widespread. So it's a safe water becoming more and more scarce. Well as mission is to deliver clean ", "gain access to reliable sources of safe water. And He with a cholera epidemic being so widespread. So it's a safe water becoming more and more scarce. Well as mission is to deliver clean water to ", "plane. We'd still filling its giant NASA designed parachute a doctor was on his way to Haiti to help with the  cholera epidemic  their mechanical failure cut the trip short. Coast Guard lieutenant Thompson and on happened to be on a cargo mission ", "I mean we slammed forward. -- headed the dashboard. This hair raising video shows 25 year old -- McLaughlin and her father Richard in the middle of the Atlantic Ocean. Being rescued from this single engine plane. We'd still filling its giant NASA designed parachute a doctor -- -- was on his way to Haiti to help with the cholera epidemic their mechanical failure cut the trip short. Coast Guard lieutenant Thompson and -- on happened to be on a cargo mission nearby ", 'dollar note equivalent to only a few US cents. Lack of water sanitation and health services has funded devastating  cholera epidemic . More than 3100 people have died from the preventable and curable disease at least 61000 people are infected and ', 'US cents. Lack of water sanitation and health services has funded devastating cholera epidemic . More than 3100 people have died from the preventable and curable disease at least 61000 people are infected and health officials expect ', 'Tropical storm Tomas is expected to slam ashore tomorrow more than a million homeless earthquake survivors facing a  cholera epidemic  are scrambling for shelter. Matt Gutman is there Matt good morning you what are they doing to prepare. Good morning ', 'slam ashore tomorrow more than a million homeless earthquake survivors facing a cholera epidemic are scrambling for shelter. Matt Gutman is there Matt good morning -- you what are they doing to prepare. Good morning -- ', "and rate of about 2% that means. Thousands of dead from  cholera  outbreak had already that more hospitals clinics are inundated earthquake it's been opened up again. Now victims of the  cholera epidemic  of being put in here I'm curious you mentioned the elections ", "-- rate of about 2% that means. Thousands of dead from -- cholera outbreak had already that more hospitals clinics are inundated -- M Senecal volume. Yesterday David we try to find one of the -- secretly buried -- And it turns out that they're burying the color yet the -- spot that they buried deep earthquake victims. This had been a mass grave dug for the victims of January's earthquake it's been opened up again. Now victims of the cholera epidemic of being put in here I'm curious you mentioned the elections they become this weekend. And you combine that with this outbreak ", "situations unsafe. Again a big cost for the  cholera  outbreak. And you know will without And doctor help a little bit about the  cholera  outbreak what is the current situation very first thing we need if we don't  cholera epidemic  is sanitation and clean water well were ", "you'd say well the very first thing we need if we don't cholera epidemic is -- -- sanitation and -- clean water well were actively doing that. We're through -- through the through the efforts and "]