['the desert on a nuclear testing site, waiting for the end of the world. When a famous Hollywood couple, played by  Judy Davis  and Jonathan Pryce, lands in the desert, Boy holds them hostage as he begins a relationship with the woman. Before ', "stories: American tourist Hayley (Alison Pill), in Rome for the summer, falls in love with a Roman lawyer. Allen and  Judy Davis  play Haley's parents, Jerry and Phyllis. Turns out Jerry is a retired opera director - wouldn't you know it ", 'Joan Plowright of "Enchanted April." Other famous actresses nominated in the category included Vanessa Redgrave and  Judy Davis . The Golden Globe that year went to Plowright; Tomei wasn\'t nominated at all. Tomei has never publically commented ', "Eco-Challenge: Borneo. Among TV movies and miniseries, ABC biopic Life With Judy Garland: Me and My Shadows, starring  Judy Davis  as the legendary singer, racked up 13 nominations, and the network's Anne Frank captured 11. HBO's 61*, about ", "Eco-Challenge: Borneo. Among TV movies and miniseries, ABC biopic Life With Judy Garland: Me and My Shadows, starring  Judy Davis  as the legendary singer, racked up 13 nominations, and the network's Anne Frank captured 11. HBO's 61*, about ", "Eco-Challenge: Borneo. Among TV movies and miniseries, ABC biopic Life With Judy Garland: Me and My Shadows, starring  Judy Davis  as the legendary singer, racked up 13 nominations, and the network's Anne Frank captured 11. HBO's 61*, about ", "Eco-Challenge: Borneo. Among TV movies and miniseries, ABC biopic Life With Judy Garland: Me and My Shadows, starring  Judy Davis  as the legendary singer, racked up 13 nominations, and the network's Anne Frank captured 11. HBO's 61*, about ", "Eco-Challenge: Borneo. Among TV movies and miniseries, ABC biopic Life With Judy Garland: Me and My Shadows, starring  Judy Davis  as the legendary singer, racked up 13 nominations, and the network's Anne Frank captured 11. HBO's 61*, about ", 'the can is the movie Gaudi Afternoon, of which Harden says, "I play a very alternative San Francisco character with  Judy Davis , Juliette Lewis, and Lili Taylor. It\'s a romp it takes place in and around the Gaudi buildings in Barcelona [Spain ', 'the can is the movie Gaudi Afternoon, of which Harden says, "I play a very alternative San Francisco character with  Judy Davis , Juliette Lewis, and Lili Taylor. It\'s a romp it takes place in and around the Gaudi buildings in Barcelona [Spain ', 'the can is the movie Gaudi Afternoon, of which Harden says, "I play a very alternative San Francisco character with  Judy Davis , Juliette Lewis, and Lili Taylor. It\'s a romp it takes place in and around the Gaudi buildings in Barcelona [Spain ', "manicure. I have to totally bathe out his long feathering and blow dry it straight. S that a good girl. Reporter:  Judy davis  keeps the doggie spa running smoothly. 100 bales of shaving. That's just the nine for logistics. Reporter: Then ", "feathering and blow dry it straight. S that a good girl. Reporter: Judy davis keeps the doggie spa running smoothly. 100 bales of shaving. That's just the nine for logistics. Reporter: Then the canine kings and "]