["best-dressed list in politics that doesn't mention the first lady. Michelle Obama is not only known for her work on  children ' s nutrition  and fitness, as well as advocating for military families, she is also known for her fashion sense and style ", "Which Lame Duck Legislation Would the President Approve Of? Today's Q's for O's WH -- 10/4/2010", "large tax debate is going to have to be settled before the end of the year. We have the reauthorization of the  children ' s nutrition  program. There are a whole host of judgeships that have languished for far too long. And I anticipate that we'll ", 'blogging about the poor quality of school lunches is just one of the "angels around America" working to improve  children \' s nutrition  and health. "I think it\'s brilliant that she\'s expressing herself," Oliver said of "Mrs. Q," whose ', "hundreds of studies around the world have proven the safety of aspartame. Thomas Badger, director of the Arkansas  Children ' s Nutrition  Center and professor at the University of Arkansas for Medical Sciences, raised similar questions. How Much ", "taking statins; the focus should instead be on better nutrition and more physical activity. More information The  Children ' s Nutrition  Research Center at the Baylor College of Medicine has kid's healthy eating tips and a BMI calculator. SOURCES ", 'billions to market healthful foods instead of high fat, calorie-dense foods, they might be able to improve  children \' s nutrition  instead of hurting it." Not a Fair Food Fight While parents like Riseberg say they are happy that there are ', 'vitamin and mineral] deficiencies are taking them the least," said Dr. Thomas Badger, director of the Arkansas  Children \' s Nutrition  Center, who was not involved with the study. "That does not surprise me at all but seeing the data confirms ', "One of the hottest books on  children ' s nutrition  to come along in recent years at least drawn attention to  children ' s nutrition . But many nutritionists think Napa-based dietitian and  children ' s nutrition  expert Sanna Delmonico, founder ", "Rice Krispies, Cocoa Krispies and Apple Jacks. Also, cereals that don't meet the company's guidelines for  children ' s nutrition  -- such as Honey Smacks -- will no longer be marketed to kids under 12, as of 2009. That's true for the ", 'undernourished and sedentary children by focusing on changes at schools. The group\'s stated goal: "To improve  children \' s nutrition  and increase physical activity, which will in turn improve their readiness to learn." "We are pleased to see ', 'overweight," Dr. Theresa Nicklas, a child nutrition researcher at the United States Department of Agriculture\'s  Children \' s Nutrition  Research Center at the Baylor College of Medicine in Houston, said in a prepared statement. The findings were ', "studies are helping to reclassify diabetes and identifying new causes of dysfunction of the pancreatic islets. The  Children ' s Nutrition  Research Center at Baylor is participating in an NIH-funded study to determine if making changes to cafeteria ", 'for the baby, as well as for her other child," says Judy Hopkinson, assistant professor at the USDA/ARS  Children \' s Nutrition  Research Center at the Baylor College of Medicine in Houston. "This is a remarkable fluid in many ways. There ', "as we were moving through the campaign the idea of he and nutrition being at at and at one of my issues and in  children ' s nutrition  and I thought wouldn't it be amazing to plant vegetable garden in the White House I had no idea. Whether or ", "nutrition being at at and at one of my issues and in children's nutrition and I thought wouldn't it be amazing to plant vegetable garden in the White House I had no idea. Whether or not ", "These studies are helping to reclassify diabetes. And identifying new colossus of dysfunction of the hives. The  children ' s nutrition  recession tech Baylor is participating in an in Irish that. To determine if making changes to cafeteria food ", "And identifying new colossus of dysfunction of the -- -- hives. The children's nutrition recession tech Baylor is participating in an in Irish -- that. To determine if making changes to cafeteria food options and physical "]