["What you think. So many people such as yourself need to go beyond organized. Institutional religion in order to find talking about. It's such a good question I. I think. Partly from me it's because I want it to. Move away from things that were. Potentially. And I qualified The week things should be", 'Hi welcome to focus on faith on father Edward back. My guess today is the talented and versatile actress  Judith Light . So fans will remember her as apparently from one life to live to Emmy Awards for that by the way. fifty years she plays Angela ', 'father Edward back. My guess today is the talented and versatile actress Judith Light . So fans will remember her as apparently from one life to live to Emmy Awards for that by the way. -- fifty ', "SVU she's here to discuss her new movie saved me.  Judith Light  thanks for being here I'm happy to be here thank community and so that's how I have gotten involved.  Judith Light  thank you so much for joining us the name of the movie ", "online order SVU she's here to discuss her new movie saved me. Judith Light thanks for being here I'm happy to be here thank. -- -- -- you play the matriarch figure Gayle who runs the ", "The LG BT community and so that's how I have gotten involved. Judith Light thank you so much for joining us the name of the movie is saved me check it out soon I'm David Brownstein ", "The incredibly versatile actress  Judith Light  has done it again you may remember her as Angela from who's the boss but. This Tony nominated actors is taking Broadway by storm ", "The incredibly versatile actress Judith Light has done it again you may remember her as Angela from who's the boss but. This Tony nominated actors is taking Broadway ", "it's the dream girl and you got a fantastic cast and  Judith Light  got what is it like working with those actors. They're they both they're certainly there's a moment where  Judith Light . My character Paul poignant is getting injured later ", "the dream girl and you got a fantastic cast and -- -- Judith Light got -- -- what is it like working with those actors. -- -- They're incredible day -- I've known for five years ", "like them but they they both they're certainly there's a moment where Judith Light . My character Paul poignant is getting injured later in his career and he. He's injured at a game in and he's walking ", "the April 28 event in Indianapolis to celebrate Ryan white's life the event is hosted by Phil Donahue. And actress  Judith Light  sir Elton John who will perform at the event. Got to know Ryan while He was alive and inspired. Eldon actually to ", "white's life -- the event is hosted by Phil Donahue. And actress Judith Light sir Elton John who will perform at the event. Got to know Ryan while He was alive and inspired. Eldon actually to ", "and education immediately captured media attention to an ABC movie the Ryan White story brought further education.  Judith Light  plays Brian's mother. They knew that if we could do something that would give us a platform to talk about it. Give ", "attention to an ABC movie the Ryan White story brought further education. Judith Light plays Brian's mother. They knew that if we could do something that would give us a platform to talk about it. Give ", 'City for the opening up Broadway the musical. Start blocking the Green carpet included Cameron Diaz Ben Stiller and  Judith Light . The lavish stage adaptation of the hit animated movie is now open to the public.', 'musical. Start blocking the Green carpet included Cameron Diaz Ben Stiller and Judith Light . The lavish stage adaptation of the hit animated movie is now open to the public. ', "Giuliani became America's manned by aside time. What's the person that he said supported him we had never heard.  Judith Light  and he married in 2003. And she has been a controversial figure because he was married when they we talked about this ", 'person that he said supported him -- -- we had never heard. Judith Light and he married -- in 2003. And she has been a controversial figure because he was married when they -- we talked ']