['of nearly 500 "anti-gun" organizations and people, and it points a finger at a number of prominent Latinos.  Benjamin Bratt , Gloria Estefan, Andy Garcia, John Leguizamo, Martin Sheen and Geraldo Rivera are all on the list . Interestingly ', 'the host of " America\'s Most Wanted ." Famous Birthdays 1775 Jane Austen 1901 Margaret Mead 1961 Bill Hicks 1963  Benjamin Bratt  1988 Anna Popplewell Jump back to Dec. 15: Day in History . View more videos from This Month in History: December ', 'elopement to singer Lyle Lovett, but the marriage ended less than two years later. After Lovett, Roberts dated actor  Benjamin Bratt  for three years, telling McCalls he was "all a girl could ever ask for." But Bratt reportedly split with Roberts ', 'wives. In 2001, Julia Roberts won best actress for her role in "Erin Brockovich" and included her then-boyfriend  Benjamin Bratt  in her speech. The pair broke up a few months later. Gwyneth Paltrow thanked Ben Affleck, referring to him as her ', 'They -- as well as Tour de France-winning cyclist Lance Armstrong, Massachusetts Gov. Deval Patrick and actor  Benjamin Bratt  -- are just some of the accomplished men who grew up in single-parent households for most or all of their youth ', "2004, and then Stone was reportedly clashing over who should be cast to replace Douglas (Stone reportedly nixed  Benjamin Bratt ) and how the plot should unfold. Now, David Morrissey co-stars, and in the new film, he's a psychiatrist ", 'Clinton (D-NY) and John McCain (R-AZ) attend a 7:00 pm ET premiere of the film "The Great Raid" starring  Benjamin Bratt  and James Franco. The first ever Note quickie book is due out August 1 from Ambchal Press. Details on the book tour ', 'Bernie Mac and Ashton Kutcher. This time around, Bullock will have to make it without Caine as a mentor and without  Benjamin Bratt , who played her FBI colleague and love interest. Her new partner in crime-fighting is Regina King, who got rave ', 'who gains super powers (and a skintight catsuit), and a love interest in the form of a police detective played by  Benjamin Bratt . She just may need some special skills to fend off the guys at the box office when the movie opens July 23. Berry ', 'friends. The Aftermath: Roberts, 35, married cameraman Danny Moder last year after a four-year relationship to  Benjamin Bratt  fizzled. Lovett, 45, remains single. Dennis Hopper and Michelle Phillips Their Story: She was a singer in the ', "little over a year. She dabbles with this one, that one, Matthew Perry, rumors of Clooney and then another keeper?  Benjamin Bratt  is on her arm full time. This lasts almost four years. Could this be The Real Thing? We're skeptical, of course ", 'Roberts. The actress says her romance with Moder, which came off the heels of her four-year relationship with actor  Benjamin Bratt , cannot be known or understood by others. "People don\'t know anything. People assume. People decide. It is ', "they exchanged vows in June of 1993. Before dating Moder, Roberts had been in a romance with former Law & Order cop  Benjamin Bratt . But they parted ways in the spring of last year, and Bratt married actress Talisa Soto. Roberts wasn't lonely ", 'funny. And watch this movie. Two weeks ago, it was going to be ail pacino playing the villain. He was replaced by  benjamin bratt . Check that out while enjoying it. "Lone ranger." This is a johnny depp movie. All of the hilarities are reversed ', 'going to be ail pacino playing the villain. He was replaced by benjamin bratt . Check that out while enjoying it. "Lone ranger." This is a johnny depp movie. All of the hilarities are reversed, the good ', "Well he's perhaps best known for playing detective ray Curtis on the hit show the law and order not to mention his roles in movies like miss congeniality and traffic. But today that talented and handsome Benjamin joins us to talk about his latest project the cleaner which airs on Amy Benjamin", "previously and really I think is the best written show on TV it's so good well. Doesn't even loyal viewers and  Benjamin Bratt . At the end people all playing Gary's ex husband he's coming back to the show next season to make sure you stay ", "show on TV it's so good well. Doesn't even loyal viewers and Benjamin Bratt . At the end people all playing -- Gary's ex husband he's coming back to the show next season to make sure you ", "of women a lot of the ladies here on what's the buzz are very jealous that I have got to eight gigs you've got  Benjamin Bratt . I mean honestly is this is an overhyped embarrassment of riches I didn't really ridiculous and I can't every ", "are very jealous that I have got to eight gigs you've got Benjamin Bratt . I mean honestly is this is an overhyped embarrassment of riches I didn't really ridiculous and I can't every and we -- ", "their husband or significant male arm candy. Charlize and her boyfriend Stuart Townsend Julia Roberts and boyfriend  Benjamin Bratt  Helen Hunt and short term husband Hank Azaria. Now it just a year after 2009 Oscars. I'm so lucky to have a wonderful ", "candy. Charlize -- and her boyfriend Stuart Townsend Julia Roberts and boyfriend Benjamin Bratt Helen Hunt and short term husband Hank Azaria. Now it just a year after -- 2009 Oscars. I'm so lucky to have ", "their husband or significant male arm candy. Charlize and her boyfriend Stuart Townsend Julia Roberts and boyfriend  Benjamin Bratt  Helen Hunt and short term husband Hank Azaria. Now it just a year after 2009 Oscars. I'm so lucky to have a wonderful ", "candy. Charlize -- and her boyfriend Stuart Townsend Julia Roberts and boyfriend Benjamin Bratt Helen Hunt and short term husband Hank Azaria. Now it just a year after -- 2009 Oscars. I'm so lucky to have "]