["maintain basic level house. This enables people to gain access to reliable sources of safe water. And He with a  cholera epidemic  being so widespread. So it's a safe water becoming more and more scarce. Well as mission is to deliver clean ", "gain access to reliable sources of safe water. And He with a cholera epidemic being so widespread. So it's a safe water becoming more and more scarce. Well as mission is to deliver clean water to ", "plane. We'd still filling its giant NASA designed parachute a doctor was on his way to Haiti to help with the  cholera epidemic  their mechanical failure cut the trip short. Coast Guard lieutenant Thompson and on happened to be on a cargo mission ", "I mean we slammed forward. -- headed the dashboard. This hair raising video shows 25 year old -- McLaughlin and her father Richard in the middle of the Atlantic Ocean. Being rescued from this single engine plane. We'd still filling its giant NASA designed parachute a doctor -- -- was on his way to Haiti to help with the cholera epidemic their mechanical failure cut the trip short. Coast Guard lieutenant Thompson and -- on happened to be on a cargo mission nearby ", 'dollar note equivalent to only a few US cents. Lack of water sanitation and health services has funded devastating  cholera epidemic . More than 3100 people have died from the preventable and curable disease at least 61000 people are infected and ', 'US cents. Lack of water sanitation and health services has funded devastating cholera epidemic . More than 3100 people have died from the preventable and curable disease at least 61000 people are infected and health officials expect ', 'Tropical storm Tomas is expected to slam ashore tomorrow more than a million homeless earthquake survivors facing a  cholera epidemic  are scrambling for shelter. Matt Gutman is there Matt good morning you what are they doing to prepare. Good morning ', 'slam ashore tomorrow more than a million homeless earthquake survivors facing a cholera epidemic are scrambling for shelter. Matt Gutman is there Matt good morning -- you what are they doing to prepare. Good morning -- ', "and rate of about 2% that means. Thousands of dead from  cholera  outbreak had already that more hospitals clinics are inundated earthquake it's been opened up again. Now victims of the  cholera epidemic  of being put in here I'm curious you mentioned the elections ", "-- rate of about 2% that means. Thousands of dead from -- cholera outbreak had already that more hospitals clinics are inundated -- M Senecal volume. Yesterday David we try to find one of the -- secretly buried -- And it turns out that they're burying the color yet the -- spot that they buried deep earthquake victims. This had been a mass grave dug for the victims of January's earthquake it's been opened up again. Now victims of the cholera epidemic of being put in here I'm curious you mentioned the elections they become this weekend. And you combine that with this outbreak ", "situations unsafe. Again a big cost for the  cholera  outbreak. And you know will without And doctor help a little bit about the  cholera  outbreak what is the current situation very first thing we need if we don't  cholera epidemic  is sanitation and clean water well were ", "you'd say well the very first thing we need if we don't cholera epidemic is -- -- sanitation and -- clean water well were actively doing that. We're through -- through the through the efforts and ", "as much as this country's gone through over the years and after the cataclysm of the earthquake in the ongoing  cholera epidemic  and electoral crisis is going on right now the country still going people are still trying to put their lives back ", 'the years and after the cataclysm of the earthquake in the ongoing cholera epidemic and electoral crisis is going on right now the country still going people are still trying to put their lives back together. ', 'may finally be coming together to address the deadly  cholera epidemic  in the African country. The opposition party says in health and sanitation infrastructure. At last count  cholera  had sickened more than 60000. People. Killing more ', "leaders in Zimbabwe may finally be coming together to address the deadly cholera -- epidemic in the African country. The opposition party says in the next few weeks it will join a unity government along with controversial President Robert Mugabe. Zimbabwe's economic and political crisis has led to the collapse of its health and sanitation infrastructure. At last count cholera had sickened more than 60000. People. Killing more than 3000 of them and you can watch the world news broadcast for more ", 'Nothing to complain about. Take a look at Zimbabwe these days. The new prime minister Morgan trying to warns that the  cholera epidemic  caused by a public health meltdown. After 28 years of mismanagement and corruption. Is even worse than the 85000 ', 'days. The new prime minister Morgan trying to -- warns that the cholera epidemic caused by a public health meltdown. After 28 years of mismanagement and corruption. Is even worse than the 85000. Cases and 4000 ', 'Nothing to complain about. Take a look at Zimbabwe these days. The new prime minister Morgan trying to warns that the  cholera epidemic  caused by a public health meltdown. After 28 years of mismanagement and corruption. Is even worse than the 85000 ', 'days. The new prime minister Morgan trying to -- warns that the cholera epidemic caused by a public health meltdown. After 28 years of mismanagement and corruption. Is even worse than the 85000. Cases and 4000 ']