["remove it, Desjardins gave her the option of enrolling in a  clinical trial  that would use the polio virus's scariest feature: it's tumors didn't shrink in two of the patients. Another  clinical trial  is in the works so Gromeier can continue his research ", 'any U.S. execution. The effects of propofol at lethal doses, they argue, are unknown and can never be tested in a  clinical trial . Koster said the federal litigation raises an "artificial hurdle ... to prevent the state from carrying out the death ', 'like it acts differently than other sarcomas and we worry that its behavior is more aggressive." Though there are many  clinical trials  for sarcomas and LMS, there are few for her subtype myxoid, which means "mucus." After his wife\'s diagnosis, Rick ', "scanner, probably positron emission tomography (PET.) If it passes that milestone, it will probably move quickly into  clinical trials  because it may be useful in the treatment of such devastating diseases as Parkinson's and depression.", 'But new technology is now being used that sends messages directly to the brain itself. A Food and Drug Administration  clinical trial  currently underway is looking at the effectiveness of electrical implants placed directly on the brain stem. Placed directly ', 'the first U.S. child to receive the device, which was given to him as part of a U.S. Food and Drug Administration  clinical trial . "We\'re bringing the potential for hearing to a child who can\'t hear and had no other options," said Dr. Craig ', 'develop cervical cancer." While a single dose of the HPV vaccines was found to cut the risk of HPV infection by 82 percent,  clinical trials  suggest the protection rises to 96 percent with all three doses. But the shots have been slow to catch on in the U.S ', 'plastic surgeons, who are "dedicated to continuously improving plastic surgery techniques through intense research and  clinical trials  driven towards patient safety and outcomes." "For example, it may be easy for a non-Board certified surgeon to learn ', 'in 1997, the drug was found during  clinical trials  to increase heart rate and blood pressure brain to help patients feel full. In  clinical trials , the average person lost 3 percent phentermine -- performed better in  clinical trials . About half of the 4,430 overweight ', 'against colon cancer," said Exact Sciences president and Chief Executive Officer Kevin Conroy, citing results from a recent  clinical trial  that suggest the stool-based test can detect 65 percent of polyps measuring 2 centimeters or more. "Colon cancer is ', 'is expected to be approved for use in the U.S. by 2017 company spokesman, Dan Budwick said. He added that in foreign  clinical trials , average weight loss was 20 percent of body weight in 12 months or less and many patients were also able to reach healthy ', 'contain the active ingredient zolpidem must lower their recommended doses for women . The decision came after a series of  clinical trials  and driving simulation studies showed that even after eight hours of sleep, zolpidem levels in women may be high enough ', 'butterbur, which is thought to reduce airway inflammation, has produced what are perhaps the strongest results. In a pair of  clinical trials  led by a Swiss research team, butterbur tablets eased symptoms just as much as the over-the-counter antihistamines fexofenadine ', "And within two days I was stronger than I've been in a dozen years. Now this procedure is still the subject of ongoing  clinical trials  and results are needed from a larger study before it's universally accepted. Still initial results of early studies have ", "a dozen years. Now this procedure is still the subject of ongoing clinical trials and results are needed from a larger study before it's universally accepted. Still initial results of early studies have shown promise again. ", "trials that they might participate in tells. Address of the website and what they can find there. Right the website is the  clinical trials  died it's a little bit hard to navigate I think for it and and they public. But all the trials Saturday. For a patients ", "website and what they can find there. Right the website is the clinical trials died it's a little bit hard to navigate I think for it and and they public. But all the trials Saturday. For ", 'you for making me a part of  clinical trials . I have benefited from those before you participated in  clinical trials . And in a certain sense tomorrow. You participate in a  clinical trial , looking at a different way ', "for everything. But also, thank you for making me a part of clinical trials . I have benefited from those who made themselves available. The standard treatments of today are developed because people, you know, patients before you participated in clinical trials . And in a certain sense, it's our obligations as physicians and patients of today, to develop the standard of care for the patients of tomorrow. You participate in a clinical trial , looking at a different way of preventing one of the most feared of transplants when the graft rejects the patient. It's been ", "There are numerous  clinical trials . Going on for people with alzheimer's disease. And the drugs and interventions that are testing these  clinical trials . Are really quite diverse. So there are therapies understudy. That relate to neuro transmitters ", "There are numerous clinical trials . Going on for people with alzheimer's disease. And the drugs and interventions that are testing these clinical trials . Are really quite diverse. So there are therapies understudy. That relate to neuro transmitters in the brain chemicals that are involved in ", "this. It's called qsymia. It's available today. In  clinical trials  it helped users drop 10% of their body weight. It could is, until she tried qsymia. In one year, as part of a  clinical trial , she dropped 50 pounds. I went from a size 14 into a size ", "hearing a lot about this. It's called qsymia. It's available today. In clinical trials it helped users drop 10% of their body weight. It could be an effective tool to fight obesity. But they warn, it's ", "that it's six years battling metastatic melanoma. Five  clinical trials  a six to 15% chance of survival and hope nearing zero I recapture hope. Because the results were so promising the  clinical trial  for this drug was stopped early. So researchers need more ", "been all about that it's six years battling -- metastatic melanoma. Five clinical trials a six to 15% chance of survival and hope nearing zero I had no other options. This -- that Vinci try to ", "cancer this for her two positive tumors only. It is in  clinical trials  now may be available next year but the data released at doctor before absolutely and see if you're eligible for a  clinical trial  right now that's where this drug is available and keep ", 'breast cancer this for her two positive tumors only. It is in clinical trials now may be available next year but the data released at this conference Josh showed. Women who took this drug had a ']