['underwent. Genetic counselors say there are different types of screening options, including amniocentesis,  chorionic villus sampling , and an ultrasound combined with blood testing. A blood test with an ultrasound will only predict the risk ', 'underwent. Genetic counselors say there are different types of screening options, including amniocentesis,  chorionic villus sampling , and an ultrasound combined with blood testing. A blood test with an ultrasound will only predict the risk ', 'Medical Association. Non-invasive DNA testing may provide an alternative to more invasive tests, such as  chorionic villus sampling  and amniocentesis -- which can carry a slight risk of pregnancy loss -- for determining the gender of a fetus ', 'weeks, she chose  chorionic villus sampling  ( CVS ) -- an invasive not have ever had  CVS . "Nothing adds advised to undergo  CVS  or an amniocentesis of 200 patients.  Chorionic villus sampling  -- is also invasive ', 'uterus and withdraw amniotic fluid, which can cause fetal injury or miscarriage in one out of 200 patients.  Chorionic villus sampling  -- testing the placental tissue -- is also invasive, and can be done at as early as 10 weeks, but it carries ', 'traditional screening tests -- amniocentesis or  chorionic villus sampling  -- are both considered invasive and pose a those tests suggests trouble, amniocentesis or  chorionic villus sampling  may be offered. "The important take-home ', "researchers have developed tests such as amniocentesis and chorionic  villus  screening ( CVS ) to give doctors and parents a peek into their future children's expressly to test one thing -- the sex of a baby -- whereas  CVS  and amniocentesis are usually reserved for women with fetuses ", 'enabling them to have a definitive test [known as  chorionic villus sampling , or  CVS ] if they are at risk," says Lauren Streicher greater than 35 years of age who traditionally had  CVS  or amniocentesis routinely, the benefit [to the ', 'depending on the genetic risk.  Chorionic villus sampling , or  CVS , is a second prenatal test that for analysis. One benefit of  CVS  is that it can be done earlier now? Both amniocentesis and  CVS  have small associated risks for ']