['books about various religions. Some of the more surprising titles included "Angels, Jinns and Satans" and "Sanctity of  Circumcision  in Bible." More than 200 men and young boys filed into the mosque on Friday for prayers, lining up on rugs under whirling ', 'infected with herpes following a ritual  circumcision  , according to the health department on its scrotum seven days after the  circumcision , and tests for HSV-1 were positive about "direct oral suction" during a  circumcision  when evaluating newborn males for sepsis ', 'through an ultra-orthodox practice of  circumcision , the New York City Board of Health wants parents to know the risks before  circumcision . Some estimate that 70 percent of 000-year-old religious practice of  circumcision , performed during a ceremony known ', "Ultra-Orthodox rabbis in New York City say if a proposed law requiring parental consent for a  circumcision  ritual linked to two infant deaths is enacted they will defy it. During the ritual, called metzitzah b'peh, a mohel removes ", 'what they believe men like or want -- and goes as far as to compare vaginal rejuvenation procedures to "new age  female circumcision ." In 2007, the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists warned about vaginoplasties and labiaplasties ', 'Medical Unit Declines in infant male  circumcision  in the United States could add more declining rates of U.S. infant male  circumcision  - from 79 percent in the 1970s to approximately preventable infections. The decline in  circumcision  rates has already cost the nation an ', 'consists of cryopreserved fibroblasts and keratinocytes derived from neonatal foreskin, tissue that usually is discarded after  circumcision  of newborns. Thawed cells are suspended in a modified fibrin spray for application to a wound. In vitro studies have shown ', "charter that lasted eight years. Notably, it legalizes abortion when a mother's life is in danger and bans  female circumcision . Somalia will next select members of a new parliament, which will pick a speaker prior to the inauguration of ", 'checkout counter, the restaurant, in front of friends and family. Imagine, if you will, you are a grown-up at your own  circumcision . How do you challenge them? What do they want from you? They have the power to deny you the house, the car, the apartment ', 'prevention strategies -- antiretroviral therapy early in the course of disease, pre-exposure prophylaxis and voluntary male  circumcision  -- it is critical to tailor packages of HIV interventions to specific populations. "The interventions and the things that ', 'transmission. More advances recently proven effective include male  circumcision  and "pre-exposure prophylaxis," a daily pill to prevent 2015. Another $40 million is allotted for voluntary male  circumcision  in Africa to decrease risk of transmission of the virus ', 'lives of people living with HIV, as well as prevent transmission to sexual partners and from mother to child. Second, male  circumcision  has been shown to decrease the risk of a heterosexual man contracting HIV. And finally, a daily medication can now be used ', "cake was meant to draw awareness to the issues of  female circumcision  and racism. As Liljeroth cut into the genital area Modern Art's cake party meant to problematize  female circumcision , but how this should be done with a cake depicting ", "The of male  circumcision  stems back thousands of years in activists are petitioning for a ban on  circumcision  people under eighteen. Even for that that are against new born male  circumcision . It's been a debate that's ", "The -- -- of male circumcision stems back thousands of years in some cultures but next year it could be banned in San Francisco. So called in activists are petitioning for a ban on circumcision -- people under eighteen. Even for religious reasons. Here with us to discuss the possible ban and in activism is doctor Karen Boyle director of reproductive medicine and surgery at the greater Baltimore medical center. Doctor Boyle thanks so much for joining us. Take it back Tanya. -- what can you please tell the little bit more about this in how activism movement. -- -- -- -- -- -- At that that are against new born male circumcision . It's been a debate that's gone round and -- for years and basically they state that. We should not be performing circumcision . Online newborns or young boys. Because they can't consent. And they look at it adds genital mutilation and -- eight bank. That it may decrease sexual satisfaction and these boys and and there have been a few lawsuits to this extent the -- They're -- this is a very heated topic among the people that are activists -- and activists and regarding circumcision . And there have been a number a lawsuits especially in -- Had been circumcised as young boys that feel that they were mutilated that their rights were taken away from and that they've suffered. Consequences that -- fact -- sexual pleasure right now what are the benefits. Of circumcision if there -- -- Well the American academy of pediatrics. States that there may be some benefit and the data show that ", "the movement that's been. Promoted in countries like Africa. That doing routine circumcision and reduced the transmission of HIV and up to 60%. Penile cancer -- lightly ever so slightly reduced rate among those events. There is penile cancers an uncommon cancer but routine circumcision can reduce fat -- another thing that supporters. Routine circumcision -- right now do we know whether or not circumcision cognizant and and an immense amount of pain. Well that's something that the and activists always bring up and whenever teen New Britain circumcision has performed Childs of new born baby is not given general anesthesia. It's all local anesthesia. So they do it and -- to -- the -- But there is a concern that the child and -- -- from a related to this procedure but. Pediatricians OBG alliance Malloy hills urologists report -- circumcision . June. Perform it under -- in -- so. Our perception at the medical community that the child is not experiencing pain right ", "nursery if an adult or teenager. Mail does -- I have a circumcision it's something that needs to be done under sedation -- the anesthesia. It's a much bigger procedure -- is -- a major ", 'Recent studies in Africa have shown that  circumcision  can dramatically reduce the risk of HIV pleasure tell us a little bit about how  circumcision  works to prevent HIV. Well as  circumcision  essentially protects the man. By cutting ', "Recent studies in Africa have shown that circumcision can dramatically reduce the risk of HIV infection. Based on these stunning findings New York City health officials are suggesting that all men get circumcised for better health. Joining us for more insight is doctor Thomas Coates director of the UCLA program in global health doctor -- thanks so much for joining us. My pleasure tell us a little bit about how circumcision works to prevent HIV. Well as circumcision essentially protects the man. By cutting off -- four skin you're cutting off a did -- tissue. That HAB really likes. So ", "that well. I think the evidence is really really strong that male circumcision is protective. There's other evidence to suggest that men who are circumcised have less fewer ulcers on their penis and therefore less likely it it. Transmitter acquire other diseases there's also some evidence to suggest that men who are circumcised are less likely to pass on human capital -- -- virus. That causes cervical cancer to their partners so there are a number of really probably pretty substantial health benefits they come with male circumcision . Doctor -- -- we think about circumcision in this country I think we're usually thinking about babies and something -- -- to baby boys soon after they're born. Is ", "have HIV. We're moving into an air a combination prevention. That is circumcision . Plus condoms. -- reducing the number of partners -- reducing substance use many things working together. Are important to reduce the transmission of HIV. Circumcision is something that of course has such strong religious and cultural overtones is it going to be hard to convince men. -- ", 'pioneering a new weapon against HIV.  Circumcision . trial involving thousands of men particular results. In heterosexual sex  circumcision . Cuts the risk of infection by 50 but they incessant. And the key to  circumcision  works is to be found in this delicate ', "This clinic in Uganda is pioneering a new weapon against HIV. Circumcision . -- trial involving thousands of men. Has produced in particular results. In heterosexual sex circumcision . Cuts the risk of infection by 50%. Word has spread frost across Africa. In Swaziland five year old Kyle was brought in for the operation by his mother who says it will help him to stay healthy. It's life just think it's a Weiss collected today. If you want to cut this is an act. Of -- instance we have the highest reach but they -- -- incessant. And the key to -- circumcision works is to be found in this delicate new clues -- tissues. Scientists have established that these cells on the inside lining of the full skin are especially vulnerable to HIV. There a doorway through which the virus can into the -- Circumcision removes them. Dramatically cutting the risk of infection. Circumcision could have a significant impact on infection rates in -- continent -- more than twenty million people carry the virus. But health officials are -- for the may encourage risky sexual behavior. This is nothing magic bullet it reduces the risk of infection doesn't eliminate -- So it's not a magic bullet hit must not replace all the -- -- methods of prevention particularly. Correct and consist. -- -- -- -- Stage of -- -- circumcision clinics like this so few and far between in Africa. The question now for health officials he's how to meet the soaring ", 'American academy of pediatrics says the medical benefits of  circumcision  are not significant enough for the academy to recommend procedure rabbis. CR well is Jewish many Jews and Muslims consider  circumcision . A core of their religions the Jewish Community Relations ', 'to be. The American academy of pediatrics says the medical benefits of circumcision are not significant enough for the academy to recommend -- procedure. Backers of the band considerate -- -- Malaysia. Its cosmetic procedure. ', 'the rabbis. CR -- well is Jewish many Jews and Muslims consider circumcision . A core of their religions the Jewish Community Relations Council plans to fight if the measure makes it on the bad. The ', "is not in the room when we are obtaining consent for the  circumcision . And you know I would say that. In Cleveland. More than in their own lives. For the people who choose not to have  circumcision . Dole's. Parents or mom's generally have very strong ", 'is not in the room when we are obtaining consent for the circumcision . And you know I would say that. In Cleveland. More than half of African women are certain that they want their sons ', "in their own lives. For the people who choose not to have circumcision . Dole's. Parents or mom's generally have very strong opinions that they don't want to have their child circumcised. ", "for doctor Tim Johnson the results of  circumcision  and HIV studies conducted by the National They've reveal that medically performed  circumcision  significantly reduces a man's risk heterosexual intercourse adult male  circumcision  could lead to fewer infections in women ", "-- at Leesburg sitting in for doctor Tim Johnson the results of circumcision and HIV studies conducted by the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases are in. They've reveal that medically performed circumcision significantly reduces a man's risk of acquiring HIV through heterosexual intercourse while the initial benefit may be fewer HIV infections -- Ultimately those areas of the world work. HIV is spread primarily through heterosexual intercourse adult male circumcision could lead to fewer infections in women. Joining us to shed some light on these findings as doctor francs finale. The clinical ", 'actually stopped the study. Because actually was deemed unethical to not offer circumcision in these men who wanted it. Because the prevention risk was less than 50% people were having they amount of HIV that ', "can have sex with relatives so actually if -- If you provided circumcision in these cases we're not saying it's a magic bullet that you're not -- -- get HIV but we are saying that ", "Yeah. I'm run and a married father of two illiterate wife Alice plus okay there is my two daughters and we're typical suburban family. There's a new baby yeah Irving can be. in his genitals cosmetic surgery. I think something that's from the other ordinary and living in this neighborhood has been"]