['was born with a  cleft lip  and palate, a May to fix his  cleft palate , a move his vet decided to keep his  cleft lip . "He has such Lentil with the  cleft lip ,\'" said Dr back well from his  cleft - palate  surgery, but he ', 'Maisie is a tiny chichuahua who loves fashion and helping other dogs find their "forever homes." Tiny Tim Born with a  cleft palate , open skull, and hiatal hernia, Tiny Tim is not able to undergo surgery due to complications. Nonetheless, the little ', 'predicted while she was in the room were present. She had a  cleft palate . She has a hypoplastic right ear, which she cannot hear procedures in her infancy, as well as surgeries for her  cleft palate . Even then, holoprosencephaly still brings the risk of ', 'media at ages 6 months to 12 years in otherwise healthy children without tympanostomy tubes, anatomic abnormalities such as  cleft palate  or Down syndrome, immune deficiencies or cochlear implants. "We\'ve been waiting for these guidelines for some time ', 'a documentary and multiple TV specials on Oprah Winfrey\'s network, saying transgenderism is "a birth defect, like a  cleft palate ," and that "being male and having breasts is about the worst thing I could imagine." ABC News\' Susan James contributed ', 'long or short and deep or shallow, depending on a person\'s genetic makeup. The failure of those plates to fuse can cause a  cleft lip  or palate. And a smooth philtrum can signal disorders like fetal alcohol syndrome. "This whole amazing process - the bits ', 'the American physician for whom half the syndrome is named. Cranial facial features, including widely spaced eyes, a  cleft palate  and a small and receding chin; skeletal features, like a skull that has fused too early and does not allow proper brain ', 'about her blind baby boy and his rare  cleft palate  condition would spread virally, racking news that their unborn son would have a  cleft palate , and their joy that he was born alive eyes, and underwent surgery on his  cleft palate  when he was just four days old, spending ', 'hospitalizations were for patients with Trisomy 13. Those patients underwent 2,765 major medical procedures, for everything from  cleft palate  surgery to heart surgery to repairs to the gastrointestinal tract. Dr. Robert Marion, director of the Center for Congenital ', 'committee today recommended that the manufacturer take a number of steps to prevent the drug from causing birth defects like  cleft palate , including a possible warning label targeted toward women of childbearing years. The FDA has considered numerous anti-obesity ', 'the world, with more than 200,000 children born with a  cleft lip  or palate worldwide each year. Babies born in developing been isolated that prove to have some function in forming a  cleft palate . Magee III said perinatal care should be a focus to avoid ', "Samantha's trip to New York City. Otoplasty is the most common cosmetic operation done on children. In addition to  cleft lip  or  cleft palate  surgery, it's the only cosmetic procedure acceptable for young children. Dr. Steven Pearlman, a facial ", "Doctor, and sometimes by their adopted parents' last name. Nubia suffered from a  cleft palate  and a rare sexual dysfunction. Her treatment for the  cleft palate  was damaged, according to the arrest warrants. Despite routine visits, state investigators ", "Lacey Buchanan's baby boy was born without eyes and with a  cleft lip  and palate.", 'isolation and shame because she was born with a  cleft lip  and  cleft palate . Pinky is now the subject of a documentary smiled little bit about some of the myths surrounding  cleft palate . Obviously the common made that it got cusp of ', 'the life of isolation and shame because she was born with a cleft lip and cleft palate . Pinky is now the subject of a documentary smiled thinking. That has gone on to be nominated for an Academy Award. The ', 'you tell us a little bit about some of the myths surrounding cleft palate . Obviously the common made that it got cusp of and opinion my -- cutting some magic have as mandated disorder auto unit ', "case and does not need a feeding tube could be in the air. It's a miracle a more. Born with a small jaw and oversized  cleft palate  and could not grieve unless he was light on his Dominic. He suffers from a rare genetic disorder called peer The disorder ", '-- a -- more. Born with a small jaw and oversized -- cleft palate -- and could not grieve unless he was light on his Dominic. He suffers from a rare genetic disorder called peer -- ', 'aside this Operation Smile an incredible charity that offers free surgeries to you children all the world left class lip  cleft palate . And other facial deformities. And add is time joined forces with slots legalized slot which is a big issue in our house ', 'free surgeries to you children all -- the world left class lip cleft palate . And other facial deformities. And add -- -- -- is time -- joined forces with -- slots -- -- legalized slot which ', 'here. They also mentioned several other defects that might be at greater risk such as tired or abnormalities. And Lip and  cleft palate  but the numbers were lower in those cases as I recall. On that is correct. The stronger association is with who have neural ', 'at greater risk such as tired or abnormalities. And -- Lip and cleft palate but the numbers were lower in those cases as I recall. On that is correct. The stronger association is with who have ', "Afghanistan. Even after He was badly injured. In a grenade attack and I'll never forget him and a net James. with a  cleft palate  that kept it from being able to be. And He had no health care and live fifty years in America. Not able to because He had ", 'never forget him and a net -- James. -- -- with a cleft palate that kept it from being able to be. And He had no health care and live -- fifty years in America. Not ']