['Recent studies in Africa have shown that  circumcision  can dramatically reduce the risk of HIV pleasure tell us a little bit about how  circumcision  works to prevent HIV. Well as  circumcision  essentially protects the man. By cutting ', "Recent studies in Africa have shown that circumcision can dramatically reduce the risk of HIV infection. Based on these stunning findings New York City health officials are suggesting that all men get circumcised for better health. Joining us for more insight is doctor Thomas Coates director of the UCLA program in global health doctor -- thanks so much for joining us. My pleasure tell us a little bit about how circumcision works to prevent HIV. Well as circumcision essentially protects the man. By cutting off -- four skin you're cutting off a did -- tissue. That HAB really likes. So ", "that well. I think the evidence is really really strong that male circumcision is protective. There's other evidence to suggest that men who are circumcised have less fewer ulcers on their penis and therefore less likely it it. Transmitter acquire other diseases there's also some evidence to suggest that men who are circumcised are less likely to pass on human capital -- -- virus. That causes cervical cancer to their partners so there are a number of really probably pretty substantial health benefits they come with male circumcision . Doctor -- -- we think about circumcision in this country I think we're usually thinking about babies and something -- -- to baby boys soon after they're born. Is ", "have HIV. We're moving into an air a combination prevention. That is circumcision . Plus condoms. -- reducing the number of partners -- reducing substance use many things working together. Are important to reduce the transmission of HIV. Circumcision is something that of course has such strong religious and cultural overtones is it going to be hard to convince men. -- ", 'pioneering a new weapon against HIV.  Circumcision . trial involving thousands of men particular results. In heterosexual sex  circumcision . Cuts the risk of infection by 50 but they incessant. And the key to  circumcision  works is to be found in this delicate ', "This clinic in Uganda is pioneering a new weapon against HIV. Circumcision . -- trial involving thousands of men. Has produced in particular results. In heterosexual sex circumcision . Cuts the risk of infection by 50%. Word has spread frost across Africa. In Swaziland five year old Kyle was brought in for the operation by his mother who says it will help him to stay healthy. It's life just think it's a Weiss collected today. If you want to cut this is an act. Of -- instance we have the highest reach but they -- -- incessant. And the key to -- circumcision works is to be found in this delicate new clues -- tissues. Scientists have established that these cells on the inside lining of the full skin are especially vulnerable to HIV. There a doorway through which the virus can into the -- Circumcision removes them. Dramatically cutting the risk of infection. Circumcision could have a significant impact on infection rates in -- continent -- more than twenty million people carry the virus. But health officials are -- for the may encourage risky sexual behavior. This is nothing magic bullet it reduces the risk of infection doesn't eliminate -- So it's not a magic bullet hit must not replace all the -- -- methods of prevention particularly. Correct and consist. -- -- -- -- Stage of -- -- circumcision clinics like this so few and far between in Africa. The question now for health officials he's how to meet the soaring ", 'American academy of pediatrics says the medical benefits of  circumcision  are not significant enough for the academy to recommend procedure rabbis. CR well is Jewish many Jews and Muslims consider  circumcision . A core of their religions the Jewish Community Relations ', 'to be. The American academy of pediatrics says the medical benefits of circumcision are not significant enough for the academy to recommend -- procedure. Backers of the band considerate -- -- Malaysia. Its cosmetic procedure. ', 'the rabbis. CR -- well is Jewish many Jews and Muslims consider circumcision . A core of their religions the Jewish Community Relations Council plans to fight if the measure makes it on the bad. The ', "is not in the room when we are obtaining consent for the  circumcision . And you know I would say that. In Cleveland. More than in their own lives. For the people who choose not to have  circumcision . Dole's. Parents or mom's generally have very strong ", 'is not in the room when we are obtaining consent for the circumcision . And you know I would say that. In Cleveland. More than half of African women are certain that they want their sons ', "in their own lives. For the people who choose not to have circumcision . Dole's. Parents or mom's generally have very strong opinions that they don't want to have their child circumcised. ", "for doctor Tim Johnson the results of  circumcision  and HIV studies conducted by the National They've reveal that medically performed  circumcision  significantly reduces a man's risk heterosexual intercourse adult male  circumcision  could lead to fewer infections in women ", "-- at Leesburg sitting in for doctor Tim Johnson the results of circumcision and HIV studies conducted by the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases are in. They've reveal that medically performed circumcision significantly reduces a man's risk of acquiring HIV through heterosexual intercourse while the initial benefit may be fewer HIV infections -- Ultimately those areas of the world work. HIV is spread primarily through heterosexual intercourse adult male circumcision could lead to fewer infections in women. Joining us to shed some light on these findings as doctor francs finale. The clinical ", 'actually stopped the study. Because actually was deemed unethical to not offer circumcision in these men who wanted it. Because the prevention risk was less than 50% people were having they amount of HIV that ', "can have sex with relatives so actually if -- If you provided circumcision in these cases we're not saying it's a magic bullet that you're not -- -- get HIV but we are saying that ", "Yeah. I'm run and a married father of two illiterate wife Alice plus okay there is my two daughters and we're typical suburban family. There's a new baby yeah Irving can be. in his genitals cosmetic surgery. I think something that's from the other ordinary and living in this neighborhood has been", 'court. seen seen here with his wife has filed a civil suit against the Doctor Who performed the surgery. He wins in Boris  circumcision  to treat inflammation but the doctor says He found that cancer on subpoenas and had to remove it. The scenes are also suing ', 'suit against the Doctor Who performed the surgery. He wins in Boris circumcision to treat inflammation but the doctor says He found that cancer on -- subpoenas and had to remove it. The scenes are ', 'person that was treated to inspect it. But now by getting these anti retroviral drugs was just saying. He EPQ and a male  circumcision  and those things and getting. Also getting the drugs to pregnant women. They can slash. V infection rate. Two under one ', 'retroviral drugs -- -- was just saying. He EPQ and a male circumcision and those things and getting. Also getting the drugs to pregnant women. They can slash. V infection rate. Two under one person ', "professional. He's accused of performing  circumcision . On three adult males in a bedroom cannot find any ads posted by offering  circumcision  it's. Our concern is that there doctor. It's unclear why individuals  circumcision . But they all consented deputies did ", "charged with unauthorized practice as a health professional. He's accused of performing circumcision . On three adult males in a bedroom of his -- home. Get a mini operating room type atmosphere set up in this ", "so far they cannot find any ads posted by -- -- offering circumcision it's. Our concern is that there might be people Alter. That -- medical procedure done by mr. Hugo. Not realizing that He is in -- not a doctor. It's unclear why -- individuals -- circumcision . But they all consented deputies did learn one of the victims was diagnosed by -- goal with the most says. A medical condition that can require circumcision . Neighbors are dumbfounded by the charges. We have Thanksgiving dinner with him a lot -- years ago. And everything was okay -- ", "growing national debate over  circumcision  for male infants. Effective will no longer cover routine  circumcision  under Medicaid. It's expected number of opponents are calling  circumcision . A form of genital mutilation ", "news this state of Colorado has joined a growing national debate over circumcision for male infants. Effective July 1 Colorado will no longer cover routine circumcision under Medicaid. It's expected to save the state about a 186000. Dollars a year once they widely accepted hygienic procedure a growing number of opponents are calling circumcision . A form of genital mutilation. ", "boys. Evidently in the past him for Cisco in November. Voters there will consider. Whether this can be a ban a ban on  circumcision  are right yeah and you know there's there are still two opposing views here folks who say that it's necessary medically ", "there will consider. Whether this can be a ban a ban on circumcision are right yeah and you know there's there are still two opposing views here folks who say that it's necessary medically. And ", "flag and no more careful. Well I applaud you for filing this lawsuit unions are so. This doesn't happen to anyone else's child. Whether you're for against  circumcision  does not equally right side and that's this lawsuit is", "This doesn't happen to anyone else's child. Whether you're for -- against circumcision does not equally -- -- -- -- -- -- right side and that's -- this lawsuit is -- ", 'million girls a year. Doctor Richard and I went through your emails today and promised to follow up on your provocative questions for instance. How is this different from male  circumcision  you ask us that report in the days ahead.', 'on your provocative questions for instance. How is this different from male circumcision you ask us that report in the days ahead. ', "was already Jewish home. That's all I needed and it's certain element parents need and He didn't have to a ritual  circumcision  just decided He circumcised. that her ballot. That's. right there for those who are already circumcised it's a ritual ", "certain element parents need and He didn't have to -- a ritual circumcision just decided -- He -- circumcised. -- that her ballot. That's. -- -- right there for those who are already circumcised it's ", "the point yeah. It's selling music doctors could give some context here I mean again whether it's breast feeding or  circumcision  or any of these hot button issues why is it that. It we can't agree to disagree we have to pick on the other person's ", "give some context here I mean again whether it's breast feeding or circumcision or any of these hot button issues why is it that. It we can't agree to disagree we have to pick on ", "they were some mystical world is something that to the hospital says that it was a mix up of identification bracelets during  circumcision  process. And it they found out immediately did DNA testing to confirm but something doesn't fit here. And we still don't ", "says that it was a mix up of identification bracelets during -- circumcision process. And it they found out immediately did DNA testing to confirm but something doesn't fit here. And we still don't know ", "those babies are being hurt now. You know if if we kind of zeroing in on YouTube and some of our traditions for example  circumcision . Of young boys. It wouldn't look very nice and it probably wouldn't seem to be very helpful to the another. We have ", "of zeroing in on YouTube and some of our traditions for example circumcision . Of young boys. It wouldn't look very nice and it probably wouldn't seem to be very helpful to the -- -- another. "]