["Lacey Buchanan's baby boy was born without eyes and with a  cleft lip  and palate.", 'isolation and shame because she was born with a  cleft lip  and  cleft palate . Pinky is now the subject of a documentary smiled little bit about some of the myths surrounding  cleft palate . Obviously the common made that it got cusp of ', 'the life of isolation and shame because she was born with a cleft lip and cleft palate . Pinky is now the subject of a documentary smiled thinking. That has gone on to be nominated for an Academy Award. The ', 'you tell us a little bit about some of the myths surrounding cleft palate . Obviously the common made that it got cusp of and opinion my -- cutting some magic have as mandated disorder auto unit ', "case and does not need a feeding tube could be in the air. It's a miracle a more. Born with a small jaw and oversized  cleft palate  and could not grieve unless he was light on his Dominic. He suffers from a rare genetic disorder called peer The disorder ", '-- a -- more. Born with a small jaw and oversized -- cleft palate -- and could not grieve unless he was light on his Dominic. He suffers from a rare genetic disorder called peer -- ', 'aside this Operation Smile an incredible charity that offers free surgeries to you children all the world left class lip  cleft palate . And other facial deformities. And add is time joined forces with slots legalized slot which is a big issue in our house ', 'free surgeries to you children all -- the world left class lip cleft palate . And other facial deformities. And add -- -- -- is time -- joined forces with -- slots -- -- legalized slot which ', 'here. They also mentioned several other defects that might be at greater risk such as tired or abnormalities. And Lip and  cleft palate  but the numbers were lower in those cases as I recall. On that is correct. The stronger association is with who have neural ', 'at greater risk such as tired or abnormalities. And -- Lip and cleft palate but the numbers were lower in those cases as I recall. On that is correct. The stronger association is with who have ', "Afghanistan. Even after He was badly injured. In a grenade attack and I'll never forget him and a net James. with a  cleft palate  that kept it from being able to be. And He had no health care and live fifty years in America. Not able to because He had ", 'never forget him and a net -- James. -- -- with a cleft palate that kept it from being able to be. And He had no health care and live -- fifty years in America. Not ', "this we have video. You're looking at Cindy McCain needing a baby for the first time Hu desperately needs surgery for her  cleft palate . It's one of mother Teresa's orphanages in Bangladesh. Cindy McCain since it was then she decided to dream project ", "a baby for the first time Hu desperately needs surgery for her cleft palate . It's one of mother Teresa's orphanages in Bangladesh. Cindy McCain since it was then she decided to dream project home. John at ", "America. And we spent a day a summer day in wise Virginia. With a mandate James He tells the story of having been born with a  cleft palate . He had no health care coverage his family couldn't afford to fix it and finally some good samaritan came along paid ", "James -- He tells the story of having been born with a cleft palate . He had no health care coverage his family couldn't afford to fix it and finally some good samaritan came along -- paid. ", "like the typical average and maybe not quite as averages the other child because they still have that little. Stigma of that  cleft lip  and palate so I see they're anxious they see what's bothering them. And I've begun to understand that there's a lot ", "the other child because they still have that little. Stigma of that cleft lip and palate so I see they're anxious they see what's bothering them. And I've begun to understand that there's a lot more "]