['Study: Low-income students get less merit aid than wealthier classmates - NBC News.com', ' Toby Talbot / AP Students walk across campus at the University of Vermont in Burlington, Vt. A new report says low-income students are increasingly bypassed for merit-based aid. WASHINGTON -- Low-income students are increasingly bypassed when  colleges offer applicants financial aid, as schools compete for wealthier  students who can afford rising tuition and fees, according to a public policy  institute\'s analysis of U.S. Department of Education data. The study by  The New America Foundation said that colleges, in their quest to advance their  U.S. News & World Report rankings, are directing more financial aid to  high-achieving applicants in a bid to elevate the profile of their student  population. "A lot of them (colleges) go for the same students from the  rich suburban schools," said Stephen Burd, the foundation\'s education policy  analyst who studied the data. The U.S. News rankings of colleges and  universities have become a popular gauge of the quality of an undergraduate and  graduate institution\'s education and the prestige of its degrees. As  part of their strategy to compete for the best students, colleges use  merit-based aid, which does not take into account financial need. Under this  strategy, institutions may, for instance, give four $5,000 awards to lure four  wealthy students rather than award $20,000 to one needy student, the  organization said. While the federal government issues guidelines on  distribution of its grants, it doesn\'t regulate aid from an institution\'s  coffers. Colleges have fiercely fought efforts by lawmakers to force greater  transparency in financial aid practices. Colleges, many under tighter  budgets as they offer more amenities and hire the best professors, are under  pressure to raise revenues and are using tuition prices to do so. The  cost of attending a four-year public institution has gone up by 5.2 percent each  year in the last decade, more than the inflation rate, according to the Consumer  Financial Protection Bureau, forcing more students to take out loans to pay for  tuition and fees and giving them a heavy debt burden when they graduate.  The annual cost for tuition, room, board and fees at many private  colleges is between $30,000 and $45,000 a year.  Net cost of collegeThe New America Foundation analyzed net  price data -- the amount students paid after all grant aid was exhausted -- to  conclude that hundreds of colleges expect the neediest students to pay an amount  equal to or even greater than their families\' yearly earnings.For  instance, of the 479 private, nonprofit colleges examined, 89 percent charged  students with family incomes of $30,000 or less more than $10,000 in net prices  and 22 percent expected students to pay about $20,000 or more each year.  Needy students then rely more heavily on student loans, either drop out  or take on full-time jobs, which diminishes their chances of completing school,  the study said. "I fear that we\'re going to have more social  stratification and there are going to be fewer opportunities for upward  mobility," Burd said. While the practice is more predominant in private  colleges, Burd said, it is increasing in public colleges, many of which are  receiving less money from cash-strapped state governments. But some  schools, such as private Amherst College and Massachusetts Institute of  Technology, have enrolled more lower-income students without jeopardizing their  prestigious status. There is nothing illegal about this approach to  doling out aid, Burd said, but it undermines the strides made in creating  opportunities for the nation\'s needy. Burd proposed a carrot-stick  solution in which institutions that admit more low-income students receive more  federal aid and those that enroll fewer low-income students but charge them  higher net prices would be required to match a share of the Pell Grant aid they  receive. Pell is a federal program granting aid to bright low-income  college students. "We\'ve wanted as a country for the last 50 years or so  to try to help lower-income students move themselves up the ladder of  opportunity, and higher education has always been that kind of ladder. And so  the idea that we may be closing these gates is very alarming," he said. ']