["tournament after he tested positive for performance-enhancing drugs. Maradona, who claims that he has overcome his  cocaine addiction , has not been to the U.S. since then. He's also a fierce critic of the U.S. government and a close friend ", 'issue of GQ magazine , "Whitney was such a sweet, sweet girl and really just a humble girl." Referring to her  cocaine addiction , the 57-year-old actor said, "Maybe she thought she could have one. And then the next thing you know, her ', '2009 stint in rehab was the third time for the Academy Award nominated actress. She has struggled with alcohol and  cocaine addiction  in the past, first seeking help after the success of her breakout film, "Working Girl." Banderas told " AARP ', 'how the circuitry is disregulated in addiction, we may be able to come up with a druggable target" for treating  cocaine addiction . Mash, who studies the brains of cocaine addicts after their deaths, said the study also highlights some intriguing ', 'Texas manager Ron Washington. "History was witnessed tonight." Hamilton\'s struggles with alcohol and crack  cocaine addiction  are as legendary as his baseball abilities. He was drafted in the first round by Tampa Bay in 1999, only to end ', 'the relapse rate among addicts found that between one-third and two-thirds of people who sought treatment for  cocaine addiction  used the drug again. A number of studies also found that most alcoholics who were in treatment programs drank again ', 'at relapse rate among addicts found that between one-third and two-thirds of people who sought treatment for  cocaine addiction  used the drug again. A number of studies also found that most alcoholics who were in treatment programs drank again ', 'predisposition for alcohol dependence of something like six times higher. He also had a slight increased risk for  cocaine addiction , but he dismissed that. He said that if anyone has done as much cocaine he had, they would have been hooked ', 'wildly popular film. However, Sorkin has not gone without suffering from severe pitfalls. After a battle with a  cocaine addiction  in the 90s, Sorkin checked into the Hazelton Institute in Minnesota for treatment in 1995. In 2001, he relapsed ', 'grant has helped protect very important research that will have significant impact on public health in regards to  cocaine addiction  and the issue of relapse." Go a little further down the list and you\'ll find even bigger spending. The California ', 'cocaine arrest wasn\'t pretty. "It became my boyfriend, my best friend, my family," she told Us Weekly of her  cocaine addiction . Bleeth was sentenced to two years probation after copping a plea in 2002, the same year she wed Paul Cerrito ', 'these guys? I\'d say, \'Don\'t worry, I\'m not staying for dinner.\'" For years, Montiglio struggled with  cocaine addiction  and alcohol and in 1983, trying to collect an old loan in a drug deal, Montiglio was arrested for extortion. Gambinos ', "disease its stint in 2009 was the third for the Academy Award nominated actress. She struggled with alcohol and  cocaine addiction  in the past. First seeking help after the success of her breakout film working girl to It's. In 2000 she went ", "for the Academy Award nominated actress. She -- struggled with alcohol and cocaine addiction in the past. First seeking help after the success of her breakout film working girl to -- -- -- -- It's. -- ", "brain. Capital opiate receptor. That means drug companies could develop medicines to treat some mental illnesses or  cocaine addiction  won't even more. And there may be some derivatives that can be made that that would actually be active against ", "means drug companies could develop medicines to treat some mental illnesses or cocaine addiction won't even more. And there may be some derivatives that can be made that that would actually be active against. Cancer. And ", 'with a weapons charge after pistol whipping a man he claims with his wife. As for Kim her public struggles with  cocaine addiction  kept her in an out of court and rehab she also admits to having had her own affairs. I just really wanted attention ', 'claims with -- his wife. As for Kim her public struggles with cocaine addiction kept her in an out of court and rehab she also admits to having had her own affairs. I just really wanted ']