['New Study Shows U.S. Government Fails to Oversee Treatment of Foster Children With Mind-Altering Drugs', 'powerful mind-altering medicines like the mood-stabilizer Depakote, the stimulant Vyvanse, the antidepressant Lexapro,  clonidine  for ADHD and the antipsychotic Seroquel. "I was put on bipolar meds. I am not bipolar at all," Ke\'onte told ABC News ', 'hair-of-the-dog approach. To relieve pain and agitation, doctors administer small doses of morphine or methadone, sometimes adding  clonidine , a blood pressure drug, to lower the heart rate. Once they have the babies stabilized, they can begin the painstaking ', 'medications that doctors have tried successfully include a low dose of some of the antidepressants, a blood pressure pill ( clonidine ) or gabapentin (a sedating pain and seizure medication). For some reason, these pills can be effective but I would only ', 'Adderall or Ritalin for ADHD. Only limited medications seem to ease the tics, among them, the blood pressure drug  clonidine  ( Catapres ), and the antipsychotics pimozide (Orap) and haloperidol (Haldol), both of which have side effects such ', 'Blood Pressure Patches Scientific names:  Clonidine , oxymetazoline Brand name: Afrin, Clear Eyes,  Clonidine  patch Uses: Eye redness/itchiness 9-month-old boy sucked on a discarded  Clonidine  patch that had been worn for five days ', 'Is There Any Medication I Can Take That Does Not Have Hot Flashes As A Side Effect?', "Tamoxifen. I am now on Arimidex, which hasn't really had any effect on my hot flashes. Over the years I have takenBellergal,  Clonidine , Paxil, Neurontin, and Effexor for hot flahses. None has worked for more than a few months. After ten years, I still ", 'these. There are three other medications that can be used: nortriptyline,  clonidine , and mecamylamine. Like Zyban, Nortriptyline is also an antidepressant;  clonidine  and mecamylamine are blood pressure medicines. All three will double your ', 'these. There are three other medications that can be used: nortriptyline,  clonidine , and mecamylamine. Like Zyban, Nortriptyline is also an antidepressant;  clonidine  and mecamylamine are blood pressure medicines. All three will double your ', 'drinks were spiked with a drug called  clonidine  in local bars and restaurants. The tactic millennium, but a recent upsurge of  clonidine  poisonings has put the authorities on have recorded an increase in cases of  clonidine  poisoning in the past few months, although ', 'commonly used alternative to Ritalin,  clonidine , had not yet been proven to be effective studied the effects of Ritalin and  clonidine  on 136 children who had both ADHD and tics. In addition, both Ritalin and  clonidine  were highly effective in improving the ']