['Prince William and Duchess of Cambridge celebrate addition to their royal family.', "people need to take. Hot anti drugs like  Plavix . But if they stop those drugs they may available of that type drug in the US  Plavix  is the most common type that is the other time that when patients stop taking the  Plavix  that's when their risk really jobs ", 'stents and so people need to take. Hot anti -- drugs like Plavix . But if they stop those drugs they may be at increased risk for heart attacks and plots against so give us a ', 'there are two available of that type -- drug in the US Plavix is the most common type that is the other. The combination of one of those drugs plus aspirin. Did the job and ', "seems at this point in time that when patients stop taking the Plavix that's when their risk really jobs. Today we're we're. Not sure how how best to manage this problem but the -- any interest in focus seems to be on Plavix again. And everybody in this business is asking themselves. What should we do with the Plavix -- the type -- should we tell patients to take it for more than the three to six months with the stent manufacturers recommend. Should they take it for a year or two or three or indefinitely. -- -- come back to you sit on that very question as as Kirk is just said we are. Seemingly facing of the -- that we know that the drugs like Plavix . Can keep these. Stents from forming blood clots -- -- hand were not thrilled with the idea that people may have to ", 'both aspirin and the anti platelet drug  Plavix . A new study today looks at stent patients and finds that those who stop taking  Plavix  may be doubling their risk of a heart they found that patients who stop taking  Plavix  six months or even a year after their ', "medicine in addition to prescribing both aspirin and the anti platelet drug Plavix . A new study today looks at stent patients and finds that those who stop taking Plavix may be doubling their risk of a heart attack. Four year researchers followed over 4600 patients who received drug coated stents they found that patients who stop taking Plavix six months or even a year after their surgery were twice as likely to die from a heart attack. As those who continued taking the medicine. This risk increased as early as fifteen days after patients stop taking Plavix . Earlier research has shown that patients frequently don't follow their medication instructions. In light of this study experts say it is increasingly important that stent patients do not stop taking Plavix or -- Without first speaking to their physician. With this medical minute I'm doctor Timothy Johnson. ", "drug thing thinning medication called  Plavix  you've all seen the commercials That preventing recurrent heart attacks than  Plavix  did. However there's some side effects the commercials. On TV about this drug  Plavix  how it prevents clots from forming in ", "most talked about studies involves the popular drug thing thinning medication called Plavix you've all seen the commercials -- -- That researchers have found that another drug for Sergio proved to have better results in preventing recurrent heart attacks than Plavix did. However there's some side effects -- we want to know at what price. Do these two drugs compare here to make sense of all this is doctor Randall Sussman he's a cardiologist from the Mass. General Boston welcome doctor. Good morning well this this article is in the new England journal of medicine and we've all seeing the commercials. On TV about this drug Plavix how it prevents clots from forming in your heart and the graphics look very nice and all that. Number one why are any of these medicines better than aspirin and number two let's talk about this new medicine that's supposed to be better than Plavix . While the new medications inhibit platelet aggregation and platelets. Are the little sticky things in their blood that caused blood clots to ", "more. That occurred in the -- -- -- group that and the Plavix group the right harder drugs. What we're both doctors and and and people are watching and one of the -- we take ", 'question that the combination of -- a girl or the -- grow Plavix is more effective than aspirin alone. So aspirin alone has been proven to be the least effective strategy. I think one of ', 'thousand patients randomized either to get the current drug  Plavix  or this new drug which. A generic name with Grail and the results heart attack or stroke. Or even death from heart attack the  Plavix  group at twelve point 1% He the Prius gro group had a lower ', 'and over thirteen thousand patients randomized either to get the current drug Plavix or this new drug which. A generic name with -- -- Grail and the results will show you right on the screen. The good news is that there was a reduction in the chance of having a serious cardiovascular problem that is -- -- heart attack or stroke. Or even death from heart attack the Plavix group at twelve point 1% He -- the Prius gro group had a lower percent nine point nine. Also significantly reduce the ', "lot of older people lost or are on different types of blood thinner is whether it's a baby aspirin today. Whether it's  Plavix  these types of things as well can create an effect on their healing. So is there more pain associated with them as well. But ", "of blood thinner is whether it's a baby aspirin today. Whether it's Plavix these types of things as well can create an effect on their healing. So is there more pain associated with them as ", "kind of And education and culture and their minds and dignity he he and freedom running game. Amendments act blatant lie when  Plavix  and the Central Bank sacrifice Brian good job them. That means head on leaving the night. News you still. I'm right now ", 'and freedom running game. Amendments act blatant lie when -- -- -- Plavix and the Central Bank sacrifice Brian good job -- -- them. That means head on leaving the night. News -- you still. ', 'drugs like Lipitor used by more than four million Americans and  Plavix  more than one million of us. Yield to some generics but I think drugs are about to expire. Anti psychotic well blood thinner  Plavix  Cingular for asthma. Actor for diabetes and dozens of others ', "as drugs like Lipitor used by more than four million Americans and Plavix more than one million of us. Yield to some generics but I think just as good. Here's ABC -- -- New video ", 'selling drugs are about to expire. Anti psychotic -- well blood thinner Plavix Cingular for asthma. Actor -- for diabetes and dozens of others we expect somewhere between twelve and 15%. Of the population is ', "administration W apart. Some aviat project I was honored to be part I'm gonna blame me a little bit okay provide a bit of  Plavix  the real deal of You guys talk so much. About jobs and the recovery in look at the numbers and unemployment is going down as ", 'gonna blame me a little bit okay -- provide a bit of Plavix the real deal of -- -- -- You guys talk so much. About jobs and the recovery in look at the numbers ', "world's best selling drugs will be available in the next fifteen months and includes a cholesterol fighter Lipitor. And the blood thinner  Plavix . That trend is also expected to include drugs for diabetes asthma and seasonal Alex weeks.", 'fifteen months and includes a cholesterol fighter Lipitor. And the blood thinner Plavix . That trend is also expected to include drugs for diabetes asthma and seasonal Alex weeks. ', "selling drugs. This includes the top two cholesterol fighter Lipitor taken by four point three million people and blood thinner  Plavix  used by nearly one and a half million people. And federal taxes on airline tickets expired this weekend but you'd never know ", "fighter Lipitor taken by four point three million people and blood thinner Plavix used by nearly one and a half million people. And federal taxes on airline tickets expired this weekend but you'd never know ", "such as a dandy of the popular diabetes drug there's a lot of warnings around that should be used on in certain instances  Plavix  a very commonly prescribed blood thinner. Again doctors advised that doesn't work for all individuals they may be some more ", "of warnings around that should be used on -- in certain instances Plavix a very commonly prescribed blood thinner. Again doctors advised that doesn't work for all individuals they may be some more tests that ", "that the global pet expo. This is called a pet therapy we that therapy we love this Utica that has six levels A photo catalyst  Plavix  goes to UV light that is strong like a hospital UV light and finally has the negative Ohio that had a great smell that you haven't ", '-- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- A photo catalyst Plavix goes to UV light that is strong like a hospital -- UV light and finally has the negative Ohio that had a ', "she's been through this drill. A couple times before next up. Blast from blog this guy is the gift that keeps on giving rival  Plavix  yesterday. I have had some very interesting testimony from Tom dollar office a local we will leader in Illinois picture this ", 'blog -- this guy is the gift that keeps on giving rival Plavix -- yesterday. I have had some very interesting testimony from Tom dollar office a local we will -- -- leader in Illinois ', "third example another a common pathway for drugs over example if you respond to this test. You shouldn't mix a drug like  Plavix  with drugs like sector and actually. focuses on the U wanna talk about which is anti smoking laws in the impact writes on our ", "if you respond to this test. You shouldn't mix a drug like Plavix with drugs like -- sector and actually. -- -- -- focuses on the U wanna talk about which is anti smoking laws ", 'To get the cost of four prescriptions that for incontinence  Plavix  to prevent blood clots box which treats thyroid disorders supply of death for all ranged from 365. Dollars over 500.  Plavix  showed nearly the same range in cost while still buried by 55 ', 'nationwide. To get the cost of four prescriptions that -- for incontinence Plavix to prevent blood clots -- box -- which treats thyroid disorders. And the generic form of Fosamax for osteoporosis. It. The price of a three month supply of death for all ranged from 365. Dollars over 500. Plavix showed nearly the same range in cost while -- still buried by 55 dollars and generic Fosamax by more than 180 dollars. ', "successful you are. And now when they look at the book it's seeing you started in raw. Chicago. The last of the bimetal  Plavix  with slave to my animals seven Mosul went wrong street with the wrong guy in the mail my him. Two pencils with sliver of eyes ", "it's seeing you started in raw. Chicago. The last of the bimetal Plavix with slave to my animals seven Mosul went wrong street with the wrong guy in the mail my him. Two pencils with ", 'combination could prove dangerous. Too many patients were mixing blood thinning drugs together such as aspirin or for an. And  Plavix  patients also combined niacin with their cholesterol lowering Staten medication increasing the odds of muscle weakness. Some ', 'mixing blood thinning drugs together such as aspirin or for an. And Plavix patients also combined niacin with their cholesterol lowering Staten medication increasing the odds of muscle weakness. Some took -- below about supplements ', "Nixon with the resigned before He could be impeached and that's the media and media is a bit of president but governor of  Plavix  is given no indication of backing down. And rattling a little bit and the fact that kids that Burris appointment seems to have ", 'and media is a bit of -- president -- but governor of Plavix is given no indication of backing down. And -- rattling a little bit and the fact that kids that Burris appointment seems ', "know where it is what was is make so where's it here. Well you came about not supporting your final trick kind of slipped  Plavix . Do we have a defibrillator or wariness. To me how I don't know it. You know we have the camera and yet we need to happen ", "Well you came about not supporting your final trick kind of slipped Plavix . Do we have a defibrillator or wariness. To me how -- I don't know it. You know we have the camera and "]