['superbugs at home and abroad. The Original  Superbug : Staphylococcus Aureus Almost everyone\'s understand just how pervasive the original  superbug  has become. Roughly one in 50 people problems." The Hospital Lurkers:  Clostridium Difficile  and Acinetobacter Doctors have long ', "A new  superbug  is on the rise in U spread of the dangerous  superbug  that include frequent isn't the only scary  superbug . ABC News asked infectious The Hospital Lurkers:  Clostridium Difficile  and Acinetobacter Doctors ", "Netherlands has been trained to sniff out  Clostridium difficile  , a skill that could help doctors days before laboratory tests.  Clostridium difficile  infections often occur in people 47 of 50 stool samples that were  Clostridium difficile -free (he couldn't make up ", 'the most dreaded is  Clostridium difficile  colitis, a virulent IAP) to prevent  C .  difficile  infections in tests According to the CDC,  C .  difficile  is linked to about care system due to  C .  difficile , and probably a lot ', 'Hospitals in the U.K. detected  C .  difficile  - a germ that can cause diarrhea flushing lidless hospital toilets.  C .  difficile  is frequently found in hospitals common . "The highest numbers of  C .  difficile  were recovered from air sampled ', 'patients suffering from pseudomembranous colitis, a painful colon inflammation associated with a bacterium called  Clostridium difficile  . Dr. Thomas J. Borody, from the Centre for Digestive Diseases in Sydney, Australia, reported in the same ', 'pill." Using the pills, as the Archives issue shows, can bring risks that include osteoporosis and infection with  C .  difficile  bacteria. Those problems may be outweighed when the treatment is for a severe condition, but, Hadler said, when ', 'bacterial infection,  Clostridium difficile  , appears to dramatically researchers report.  C .  difficile  infections have doubled Americans contract  C .  difficile  infections each year Treatment of patients with  C .  difficile  with two novel antibodies ', 'hospital-acquired infection known as  C .  difficile  after a routine out-patient he had a severe case of  clostridium difficile , commonly known as  C .  difficile , which he battled for afterward. Although the  C .  difficile  bacteria naturally resides ', 'condition, known as  Clostridium difficile  , can create serious incidence and severity of  C .  difficile  infection, especially growing incidence of  C .  difficile  infection in both the possibility that  C .  difficile  may be getting resistant ', 'condition, known as  Clostridium difficile  , can create serious incidence and severity of  C .  difficile  infection, especially growing incidence of  C .  difficile  infection in both the possibility that  C .  difficile  may be getting resistant ', 'hospitals into the community and back into hospitals.  Clostridium difficile  , a common hospital infection, for instance still an important factor in the development of  C .  difficile  in the community," Dumyati said. Similarly ', "has approved BD Diagnostics' GeneOhm Cdiff molecular assay, a stool test that rapidly detects infection with  Clostridium difficile  ( C. diff ) bacteria. C. diff infection is commonly acquired in hospitals and nursing homes, especially "]