['More than 250 people have been sickened by the bug and at least 10 sent to the hospital.', "in the morning on gma. We move on to the  stomach bug  now sickening 285 people across 11 states, sending 18 people to the hospital. What's puzzling health official system how this ", "in the morning on gma. We move on to the stomach bug now sickening 285 people across 11 states, sending 18 people to the hospital. What's puzzling health official system how this illness found ", 'not the case. A  cold  has mild symptoms usually do not have  fever  the low 10001. You have  runny nose cough  up but moll. And different than the  flu  which most often Fit with the  flu  and here you have that while the  flu . Can cause half ', "Type of respiratory illness and that truly. Is not the case. A cold has mild symptoms usually do not have fever -- the -- -- low -- 10001. You have runny nose cough up but moll. And you don't usually have through your body aches and you can usually continued daily routine functions. This is markedly different than the flu which most often occurs in the timeframe between November and march. Incursion ways so that you went who's in their community there are lots of people. Fit with the flu and here you have high fevers usually above 102 for three to four days. Do you have respiratory symptoms sometimes you have also vomiting and diarrhea. And you feel terrible. Your body aches and you really it's very hard to continue daily routine. Those of the most common differences from one thing to me where it. Is that while the flu . Can cause half of patients and death that is not true. Of the common -- ", "the winter  cold and flu  season here with the  flu  the is definitely about real  flu influenza  you're have the  flu  and you have  fever  you stay about the  common cold  because I with the  stomach bug  I mean who antibiotics and  strep throat  very contagious get your  flu shot  and cover ", "didn't call in sick for seven -- days. We'll with the winter cold and flu season here a lot of us under the weather got us thinking how do you know when it's -- to Collins set ", "peak for the  cold and flu  season the caused by  influenza  a virus itself than the  common cold . They're cause the  common cold  which tends be more.  congestion runny nose  the symptoms caused by  influenza  virus last seasonal  flu  strain tends anyone has a  fever  of one of ", "This time of the year is the peak for the cold and flu season the kids are heading back to school left a holiday break that surrounded by their friends. And fortunately they're surrounded by a lot of germs so the question is what can parents do -- here to talk about some ways to prevent. The school the sick days released lower than anyway. Doctor Jamie -- happy new year to year units while this is invaluable information that parents are gonna need out there so basically what is that it between the cold in the from. -- want a critical things that people need to understand -- left and right everybody always says I have the flu and most of the time that's completely fallacy. The flu is confirmed by a swap in a doctor's office and it's caused by influenza a virus itself apparently couple strains of that it's much more severe than the common cold . They're over a 110 plus different -- of viruses that cause the common cold which tends to be much less severe but they -- through winter seasons small small children. Tend to get six to ten infections from inter on average system get sixteen some get four. But the cold would be more. -- congestion runny nose the symptoms can linger for up to two weeks. The flu tends to be it's caused by influenza virus last year we H1N1 virus right right that was most harmful. Last season to those rattle accident pregnant the typical seasonal flu strain tends to -- most very young and the burial so. Lots of different types of the -- infections abound in the winter months. Unfortunately as to what can we do that to prevent the spreading of these germs well. Our non the most superiors saying its hand washing the friction of hand clashing in its the best thing that you can do in a season if you think of washing your hands wash -- hands. If you know someone actively sick trying not to be around this people. In particular if anyone has a fever of one of one -- -- that's. A fever and during the time at your fever is when your most infectious to other people which can be very tough because you know people wanted to do you want the daily that want to keep going right -- keep going to school whatever. You're also putting your fellow co workers in other students at risk and I know it's a very controversial I would say you should be 24 hours fever free before -- return to work. Certainly if with a child they could be safely the entire winter seasons there was some ", "questions on the  cold and flu . Echinacea prevents a  common cold  illness or We'll get a  flu shot . Traditionally we've given  influenza  vaccines How does a  flu shot  work and injectable  flu  vaccine causes below grade  fever  we cannot little mild  runny nose  and sometimes useful for  common cold  illnesses ", "to some leading medical experts say cancer in common questions on the cold and flu . Echinacea help prevent a cold . There's really no good evidence that echinacea either prevents a common cold illness or has any effect on the severity of symptoms or duration of symptoms once you have the illness. There have been a number of studies of echinacea. Some of purported to show some modest benefit. However I think the weight of the evidence is that as echinacea has no benefit either on incidents of illness or severity of bills. When should keep. We'll get a flu shot . Traditionally we've given influenza vaccines during very tight period of time in October and November each year mostly because we're trying to focus on high risk groups. We strongly encourage everybody to start getting influenza vaccine as soon as it's available in their market. Little children in particular since they require two doses of the vaccine in their first year receiving it really need to get started as soon as possible. Most communities should have influenza vaccine starting to become available in September and certainly by October almost everyone should have access to the vaccine. Should everyone get a flu vaccine. In the United States we've traditionally given vaccine for influenza . To high risk groups and that it gradually changed our policy. Two groups that are at highest risk of being attacked by influenza being young children. We gradually seeing expansion and so over the coming years we're going to try and immunize more and more people. Currently we would recommend that anybody who's interested in preventing themselves or their family members from catching influenza . To get immunized we want. Much of the attention to go into those high risk groups the elderly the very young and people with chronic medical conditions. The really everybody should consider getting themselves vaccinated against influenza . How does a flu shot work and what are the side effects. There -- actually two different types of influenza vaccines. One is an injectable and activated vaccine in the otherwise and nasal spray. Both of them basically act in the same manner. They both stimulate the immune system in a way that it thinks it's had an influenza infection before. So that when you come into contact with influenza viruses you're immune system is able to defended. And keep you from getting -- The side effects are actually quite mild injectable flu vaccine causes some local pain at the site of injection. And because the immune system is being a little stimulated some people do have some mild -- in -- below grade fever we cannot get the actual disease influenza from the vaccine. The nasal influenza vaccine is spurt that was -- in the nose and some people have a little mild runny nose and sometimes a little scratchy throat really nothing more than that. We'll zinc helped prevent a cold air -- is. A supplement that was advertised as being useful for common cold illnesses that really never had any data. To support that -- ", "name suggests.  Influenza  among birds spray that is a  flu  vaccine. It's but weekend  flu  viruses and immunity to the  flu  virus. The running analyst  cough . Some people aches or even  fever  you cannot get avoid getting a  cold  from a sick tougher for the  common cold  the most important ", "you that leading medical experts answering common questions on colds and the flu something very common there's time of the year. We gathered these videos from our health section on the website let's take a look at the first question. What is Byrd -- Bird flu is as the name suggests. Influenza among birds and particularly among poultry. Chickens geese etc. And also we can get in two wild birds can be transmitted over a long distances because the birds fly long distance when they. -- As far as -- you and me on a daily basis we don't really have to worry about bird flu stay alert read the newspapers. He needn't be concerned. Cannot get bird flu from eating chicken for example that's something you needn't be concerned about. What is a nasal spray flu vaccine. Flint is saying nasal spray that is a flu vaccine. It's actually made up. Live but weekend flu viruses and I your body to develop immunity to the flu virus. The most common side effects are sort threat running analyst cough . Some people can develop muscle aches or even fever you cannot get the -- you from -- messed. Can I avoid getting a cold from a sick family member or co worker. We'll tougher for the common cold the most important thing you can do is to wash your hands -- you yourself have. -- -- of the members in the family -- and they should -- and also when you're coughing or sneezing you should cover. You're face with the either on your hands or your elbow. Or prom queen actually there. And pictures are great again. Another very important thing you can do for the flu -- you can get vaccinated. Actually most years. Is about seventy to 80% effective in preventing the flu . And is now recommending that from the CDC that all children six months to eighteen years of age. Get a flu vaccine every year and that all harmless to dolce. Adults for instance without. Or heart disease get the flu vaccine also everyone older than 65 -- -- -- prescription medicine to prevent the -- Well let's start out with a column called the Rondo prescription medicines that you can -- to prevent or treat the common cold . As far as killing me actual viruses. Now that is different from from the there's a prescription medicine. Mean Tamiflu. That is effective against both. You point a sharing and going to be strange of the move. You can use it to prevent the flu especially when you know there's a case in the household or somebody. In close contact -- and you can also use it to treat the flu . But you have to livestock medicine within 48. Hours of onset of your symptoms. We'll certain foods prevent a cold . One of the best things that natural perception changes have been used that people for a long time his vitamin C. Vitamin ", 'myths on the  cold and flu . Unfortunately secure for the  common cold  and even my and starve a  fever  unfortunately realize that the  cold and flu  viruses are with people or  cough  or sneeze on that cause the  common cold  to anyone else ', "from Emory University. She will dispel some of the myths on the cold and flu . Unfortunately we haven't gotten smart enough in modern medicine to cure the common colds a lot of people looking for their own -- you said. One of those is to possibly cover yourself with blankets and tried to sweat out cold unfortunately that's not gonna do it. The coldest caused by over 200 viruses. And it just takes its time up to several days to several weeks for years apple to get out of your system however do would ever make you feel better whether it's putting more blankets on if you feel -- chill. Drinking warm liquids. We're taking over the counter medication. Just gonna take time. Often times and we get a cold the -- -- is our appetite and that's very very common. It is not important to force feed yourself in order to keep up with the cold however it is important to stay hydrated. What I recommend is actually drinking its many liquids as possible. Oftentimes warm liquids or more soothing and cool liquid so a lot of people at the keep drinking soup. Or T to try to suit your sore throat or any other symptoms that are happening. If you can't eat that's wonderful because good nutrition will definitely help you get better faster as well but at least they -- You might have heard from your mother your Graham. There in the past that chicken -- is secure for the common cold and even my money these years and years ago and said that chicken soup is a great medication as well as food. ", "do go back to work. It's very important to realize that the cold and flu viruses are transmitted. From hand to hand or through sneezing or coughing. And -- wanna make sure that you wash your hands when your network. And that you don't shake hands with people or cough or sneeze on them inadvertently. It's important to make sure you're feeling better but it also make sure that you don't get anybody else sick when you go back to work. Often times and we have a cold at the fleeing were a little too tired or energy level is so low that we have no desire to exercise however ", "you're catching  cold  it was catching call plus.  Cold and flu  where you colds and  flu . Let's causes the  flu  or  cold  but cold  feet of  fever  starve of getting a  flu shot  you can get knowledge of  cold and flu  and please ", "of you we're just a few months away from the throes of flu season and as you try to protect your family this year we're going to answer some of the most common questions about colds and flu for example. Chicken soup doesn't really help when you're catching cold it was catching cold even mean. All these myths out there what are the realities we have a website now on call plus. Cold and flu where you get all the answers so we bring in the expert medical editor doctor Tim Johnson on call to -- Boston forced. Thanks for being here. -- talked about this all the time let us Begin here some of the top myths about colds and flu Let's start with one of the main ones if you're stressed out you're more likely to get sick. No evidence that stress causes the flu or cold but if you are under stress and you get one. It may make the complications worse but it is not. Linked in terms of cause and effect -- Catching Colmes what that means you know and I know historically it's that when the temperature goes down your resistance goes down is or anything to that. Where it closed lingering cold temperatures. Can make you catch -- no evidence but it course in the wintertime we jammed in together so that viruses everywhere were communicating it easily. We're more likely be out in cold and wet weather in the winter so those two together. And increase our risk but it's not the temperature for sale or the witness -- say that does it. Have to get on the phone with -- Cuomo but I'll talk to -- not only -- -- -- I chicken soup. Can it make you better when you have. There is evidence that it works several studies one at the University of Nebraska some ingredients and chicken -- seem to help. And as we all know and that your mother knows it can't hurt right. Starve a cold feet of fever starve -- of colds fevers and feel colder than it. You know don't even try to learn that neither one is true. ", "thinks it's had an  influenza  infection before. So come into contact with  influenza  viruses you're immune quite mild injectable  flu  vaccine causes some and maybe a low grade  fever  He cannot get the actual disease  influenza  from the vexing. The people have a little mild  runny nose  and sometimes a little ", "-- two different types of influenza vaccines. One is an injectable and activated vaccine in the otherwise and nasal spray. Both of them basically act in the same manner. They both stimulate the immune system in a way that it thinks it's had an influenza infection before. So that when you come into contact with influenza viruses you're immune system is able to defended. And keep you from getting -- The side effects are actually quite mild injectable flu vaccine causes some local pain at the site of injection. And because the immune system is being a little stimulated some people do have some mild aches and maybe a low grade fever He cannot get the actual disease influenza from the vexing. The nasal influenza vaccine -- spurt was sprayed in the nose and some people have a little mild runny nose and sometimes a little scratchy throat. Really nothing more than that and again those side effects are fairly mild and really well ", 'basics of the  cold and flu  season what student the  cold  and the  flu etc. Now the  cold  is relatively comparison.  Influenza  the  flu . Is He serious.  viral infection  because not even beyond.  Influenza . Can make so ', "to winning and Shasta on this questions on the basics of the cold and flu season what is the difference between a cold . And the student the cold and the flu are winter. Viral course by oratory infections that is their infections of the throat and the nose etc. Now the cold is relatively minor I realize it can make us all miserable. But it doesn't make us all really sick. In comparison. Influenza the flu . Is He serious. -- -- viral infection because not only to the viruses get back into the throat in the nose. But they get down into the chest. And date infect or bronchial tubes and can get out into the lungs and even beyond. Influenza . Can make -- so sick that it sends us to a hospital. It can be complicated by pneumonia. And causes about 36000. Deaths in the United States each year. When do most people get the flu -- like all of the winter respiratory infections. Influenza is seasonal. So. We will see it during the winter months. I can usually as early as November and December but for the most part influenza strikes across the country. Most coming month is February. And so that's when the peak of influenza activity years. How is -- -- -- on. Influenza is a virus that spread from person to person. It over reaching dates actually. Among birds. And other animals such as pigs. And new viral strains of influenza . Come to this country and to Europe from southeast Asia. That's the global pattern but close to home. Influenza virus that we have and our throats and we trillions -- to each other. Even when we're in close contact. And also. When we get the virus on our hands and touch each other and touch on noses and our mouths and that way. We can transmit the virus from one person. To another. Now unlike measles which comes and only one form. The influenza virus comes in several forms and change is the year to year. And that's why. Each year we're pretty much susceptible to the influenza virus that's going around what is the stomach flu . That's something we say -- casually it's not a medical term. And it usually involves kinds of infections and upsets of the ", 'important that we identify  strep throat  and then treated properly out whether you have a  strep throat . Well often times the sore throat for a few days  runny nose  watery eyes classic  cold  symptoms the  strep throat . However will be longer ', "Strep throat is a bacterial infection caused by group a streptococcus. That bacteria can infect the throat and what's. More important about that infection is that you can go beyond the throw. Many times weeks or months later you can have a problem with heart. Or damage to the kidneys and that's why it's so important that we identify strep throat and then treated properly. How do you find out whether you have a strep throat . Well often times the normal. Infection. Will give you a sore throat for a few days runny nose watery eyes -- classic cold symptoms the strep throat . However will be longer duration it's not gonna clear up is easily on its own it's gonna be lasting more than three days you may have a fear that lasts more than three days. Oftentimes he'll get enlarged lymph nodes in the front of your neck which are so war. You may get an upset stomach nausea. Often times children particularly we'll get a headache. And many times will see a rationing -- who were lacy tight. Of rash. Over there the body all of those things can be signs of strep throat also when you look in the throat itself. Many times we'll see little dots of red. That are on the soft or hard -- the upper part of the of the mouth and that often times is strep throat almost looks like a strawberry there. Many times people get white patches in the back of their -- that may or may not be strapped but certainly if you get a lot of white patches you should be seen. So you think -- a strep throat you go into the dock the dock will do a rapid strep test to identify what you really have strep throat or not. If that's positive he's He or she then is going to treat you usually it's gonna be with an antibiotic ", 'Phoenix man what a  runny nose  year round was shocked to find out what advise people suffering from a constant  runny nose . To first consult specialists are now get all like paranoid every  runny nose  and my brains The F comforting to know ', 'Phoenix man what a runny nose year round was shocked to find out what was really causing it turns out. His brain was actually leaking if you can ', "Spinal -- her head injury they advise people suffering from a constant runny nose . To first consult specialists are now -- get all like paranoid -- every -- runny nose and -- my brains -- The F comforting to know that it looks -- just like -- Well I'm very delicate cleared ", "avoiding that winter  cold  is impossible healthy this  cold  includes and step to beating  cold and flu  season is being recommend you get the  flu shot . Now's the Typically take  cough  and  cold  medicines really be taking  cough  and  cold  medicine ", "It may seem like avoiding that winter cold is impossible but there are ways to reduce your risk of getting sick. Here with some all natural ways that they healthy this cold includes -- and -- doctor Travis stork host of the doctor. Doctor -- thanks so much for being with us today -- appreciated since the first step to beating cold and flu season is being prepared for. -- you can prevent. A lot of the illnesses that we deal with. I always say certainly the mothers did -- -- -- vaccinated against the flu anyone over the age of six months we really recommend you get the flu shot . Now's the time not in February or march after you've gotten the -- so be prepared that's the first that you can take. And it's official -- a little bit with the. No -- none -- -- flu vaccine will protect you if you get exposed to the flu virus. And you've had the vaccine. It doesn't mean that the flu won't enter your system is -- your bodies ready to fight off that flu virus and what that does do is it. Prevents you from may be having complications from the flu does he get the flu the can get pneumonia it's what people die from -- so. You -- -- especially with young kids and older adults. They can get really sick with the flu absolutely and you think it's important you know we -- in the summertime to drink lots of water -- hot sweaty. But ", 'Cold and flu  season is to beat the  common cold  here to share or feel a  cold  coming on duration of the  cold  symptoms except immigrant  fever  you losing in all the  congestion  millions replace effect in  sinuses . So important ', "Cold and flu season is here and whether you already have a cold or you feel one coming on the best thing you can do -- support your immune system. So how can you adjust your diet to beat the common cold here to share some tips and family practitioner and author of the blog yes five dot net to doctor Karen Latimer got a lot of great to see you thanks for being there and fat and obviously cold season this hair -- and you have some tips on how we can. Beat the common -- let's get dive right in your first that this increase fluid intake right. Which is always a good idea for so many reasons for your GI system for your skin for your hair for everything you know -- -- of latter day is such a good idea but if you. Have a cold or feel a cold coming on your getting scratchy throat feeling you just know something's not right -- a little more fatigued. It's a great time ", 'us who had a  cold  wondered how colds and the  flu . Does stress increased my  cold and flu  risk. This increased like  cold and flu  risk me being exist gobbled.  Common cold and flu . And from of catching  influenza  does go up ', "All of us who had a cold wondered how did I get sick. So in this special on call plus section from our website. Leading medical experts from across the country we'll answer your questions on the most common risk factors. For colds and the flu . Does stress increased my cold and flu risk. This is a very good question and a question we don't know all the answers to you. While we do know is that those people who are under chronic stress I probably more likely to develop complications from a cold -- the live. For those individuals who have acute stress in their life they shouldn't be concerned about develop. More colds and for under typical second. Does having children increased like cold or flu risk. You're actually more likely get bolt the you have children. The cold the caused by many different viruses which can circulate. -- fresh from day cares and in school systems. Well moves through Tony ", "family situation that the most common room. Does what clothing increased like cold and flu risk me being out in the cold were being cold or having what closed. Does not increase your chances of having the cold or all of whom. Is one of the myth that do exist gobbled. Common cold and flu . And -- from a lot of studies is not the case. It is true however that the flu virus circulates. Mainly in the fall in the wintertime and that therefore you do feel a lot more flu during that time than the rest of the year. In temperate countries such as United States. Those flying increase like cold and flu risk. Well I think any time that you are in a crowd of people the risk that you might catch a cold or catch the flu and it is increased. We tend to catch these illnesses from other people and so when you're in a crowd the likelihood that -- come in contact with somebody. Who's infected us naturally. Goes up. The types of interactions that we have amongst adults. And these kinds of situations usually are not the types of interactions that are associated with transmission of cold viruses however since those viruses. Generally are associated with a very direct contact. Influence on the other hand is spread by air assaults. Which is when the virus gets into the air. And so when you're in a crowd with somebody who has influence a huge risk of catching influenza does go up. For more information visit the ABC news health page. And scroll down to the on call plus cold and flu section you'll find hundreds of leading medical experts answering your questions. ", "that I got the  flu  a couple of It tends to  flu  is much more severe than your  common cold  so it's particularly significant  congestion  a of in the you can have  cough . Sore throat Sudden onset high  fever . And some of complications the  flu  a couple of an activated  flu shot  and there's ", "-- welcome back one of our least favorite parts of the year flu season. Each year over 200000. People are hospitalized for flu related complications. But this year it's time to fight back in here to tell us what we need to know to be ready for flu season. Is pediatrician Jamie wells doctor Ross thanks so much for being -- yet still recovering from last year's pandemic as a pediatrician in the -- Only about it I mean how long is flu season when does that start -- -- and it -- flea season on. Of the -- that typically -- October to may peaking in January February the difference of last year's H1N1 is that it did didn't behave that way. So was at other times of the year but typically afterward and -- That's still a pretty -- one stretch of time that the high season for flu . Look typically in the summertime people are outdoors the they're not spending -- their time inside. In the winter and fall the children are in school in the children of the figure mongers that spread -- everywhere so indoors the flu virus -- longer. I think it's travels twelve seats if -- in line with someone needs your exposed your resistance is down you may be more susceptible to getting -- But basically -- -- Wash your hands the -- and really trying to -- -- people as hot as much as you candidate possible OK so it's a little early so we have a couple more weeks ago but let's decide the -- touch of flu . So that we can catch an early. -- -- -- I can tell you that I got the flu a couple of you can pick out. It tends to flu is much more severe than your common cold so it's particularly -- in terms of onset of symptoms. The fevers are very high it can exceed one two in an adult. Keepers are high in general and young children anyway with any illness. Severe muscle aches headache typically doesn't have the ex significant congestion -- a -- of in the cold with pat you can have cough . Sore throat but really extreme aches fatigue. Sudden onset high fever . And some of the risk factors -- know that there is groups of people that are more susceptible to -- have to be particularly careful during the season right what one of the things I want underscores that -- other -- otherwise healthy person has no major medical problems and I had. A very severe complications -- the flu a couple of years ago so I don't want it easily dismissed with people who are otherwise healthy but your severe high risk category would. It in terms of age when and one where your teenager at a -- population and pregnant women in particular. Your run of the -- seasonal flu tends to affect most adversely. You're very young children those six to 36 months those over 65 and he -- his chronically immune suppressed on steroids chemotherapy. HIV. Anyone who has significant heart and lung disease or other chronic. Existing conditions would be those at highest risk. And what we do to prevent flu what are the key areas there. -- hearings in terms of prevention would be to be backs and -- the vaccine is not a 100% perfect in the last twenty years sixteen years have been a very good match in terms of what -- -- best gas has been in terms of the flu vaccine to what really -- the most virulent strain in the community because the seasonal flu vaccine is generated every year. Based on what is occurring in nature. So typically if it's an effective -- here you get a seventy to 90% effective. Protection against the -- if it's that mismatch here you still look at somewhat -- protections that still advisable to get the flu vaccine. If you act eligible to get it there's an an activated flu shot and there's also a nasal spray and not everyone is eligible for the nasal sprays that something you wanna discuss with your ", "Cold and flu  season is well and truly here if you're suffering through a  runny nose  sore throat or a cop. We've got some today thank you grant me so it comes to  cold  a  cold  that real winter  cold  there's no quick ", "Cold and flu season is well and truly here -- -- if you're suffering through a runny nose sore throat or a cop. We've got some tips for you. Joining us with some advice on what really works to minimize your symptoms it's ear nose and -- doctor doctor -- -- L -- -- doctor Hala thank you so much for joining us today thank you grant me so it comes to cold a cold that real winter cold there's no quick fixes there. -- -- Six but there's a lot of things you jump on early you can really minimize ", "getting the  flu shot  take a look. I'm face  influenza . Health immunized against  influenza  this and have the  flu  have a  cold . Yeah although usually have  fever  you usually with the  flu shot  the best you know  cough  into your ", "Like it or not it is that time of the year flu season influenza the flu whatever you want to call it. It can cause serious respiratory problems and the American Lung Association has put together campaign called the faces of influenza . To help bring about awareness about the importance of getting the flu shot take a look. I'm -- face -- influenza . Health officials now recommend ambulance six months of age and older get immunized against influenza this and every year. We all. So here to talk about who should be getting the flu vaccine and why. Is doctor Norman Andelman from the American Lung Association and Olympic gold medalist figure skater Kristi Yamaguchi -- a ", "and doctor -- -- and I mean everyone knows that getting the flu is certainly no walk in the park and how serious is that -- -- seen a rise. Well it's no -- It was a serious illness. If you've got the flu you know you're sick -- And it it. Does a huge amount of damage you know it sends a quarter million people of hospital each year kills thousands and thousands of people. And it's important that Americans understand that the flu and its complications. Is a very serious disease. -- 226000. Hospitalizations every year. From the -- absolutely from the flu and its complications. It's a big it it is absolutely a big deal which is why you're watching this campaign. What are some of the symptoms of the flu -- because a lot of people go back and what they don't they have the flu -- have a cold . Yeah although it was a little different from a cold usually have fever you usually have lots of aches and pains you may have the same call physical demand the same running -- -- a cold . But in general you feel worse you just want to get into bed crawl under the covers. And forget about the rest of the world so with the flu shot -- the best time people should get them. I think Mike's now and -- never too -- to get the flu -- and flu season goes through the spring and so even into march. It's still -- and so cinema that there obviously but you know you still fine. -- -- -- -- -- -- It's important to remember it only takes two weeks of a flu shot to take effect. So if flu comes to your town your neighborhood saying -- February it's still time to get the flu shot if you haven't gotten. It's better to get it now a look at what and who should get the flu shot then just adults kids. The CDC. The federal government recommends that everybody over age six months get immunized against the flu . Unless they're allergic to the material -- it and that's a very small number. People and now the groups that are especially high risk young children under the age of five. Pregnant women and older folks over the age of fifty. Good information very good information you're -- I'm assuming are also going to be impacts the flu vaccine as well absolutely I -- there is I mean obviously -- Protecting your career -- protect just went to stay back ", "And -- about prevention. Well prevention the best way to prevent the flu is to get the flu shot right -- that's the ultimatum prevention. There are other ways you know cough into your sleeve washing hands a lot. Stay away from vulnerable people in decades. Seemed to have the flu canceling a visit to grandma this year because -- often get very very sick. Right exists is sometimes you have to rearrange ", "the  flu . There's a nasty  stomach bug  called the norovirus that's thing you want on top of the  flu  is to get that. If you were healthy before you had the  flu  and you're doing well with the  flu , don't rush into the emergency take acetaminophen for your  fever . But you're taking multisymptom ", "Right now, let's get to the deadly and escalating flu epidemic, causing so much misery in so much of the country right now. Linsey davis is in one of the hardest-hit cities, boston. Good morning, linsey. Reporter: Good morning, george. Masks and hand sanitizers are the front defense about fighting the flu here in boston and around the country. It's not just the flu . There's a nasty stomach bug called the norovirus that's also on the rise. The fight against this particularly nasty strain of flu is quickly becoming an uphill battle. I don't remember seeing anything like this here in 20 years. Reporter: This morning, hospitals and doctors offices are running low on flu shots and tests. This is a true national shortage. Reporter: More than 128 million vaccine doses have been distributed nationwide. But with "]