['The Dude is reuniting with  Julianne Moore  in his new film. Jeff Bridges came to Comic-Con on Saturday to offer fans an early look at "Seventh Son," expected in theaters ', 'The Dude is reuniting with  Julianne Moore  in his new film. Jeff Bridges came to Comic-Con Saturday to offer fans an early look at "Seventh Son," expected in theaters ', 'and for a walk around Toronto, where she is filming the movie "Maps to the Stars" alongside Robert Pattinson and  Julianne Moore . For their date, the "Social Network" star looked low-key in a t-shirt and jeans, while Wasikowska wore natural ', 'its co-branding efforts and works with "top talent" like artist Jeff Koons, actor Adrian Grenier, and actress  Julianne Moore . "There is a comic book collector in all of us," said Salgardo, who said he "grew up on comic books." "We ', 'Condy Rice and MC Hammer, among others). The fedora project got some great coverage from The New York Times , and  Julianne Moore , John Leguizamo and Christy Turlington Burns were all part of the roll out. But if the objective is to get more ', "A-list celebrities as they walked the festival's red carpet surrounded by a phalanx of eager photographers. Actress  Julianne Moore  has already been seen on the Cannes red carpet sporting gems from Chopard. French police say the Chopard gala ran ", "one of the most glamorous events of any actor's year. Who Will Be There? In short, everyone. Cindy Crawford,  Julianne Moore  and Nicole Kidman are already in France and, according to People magazine, Justin Timberlake, James Franco, Matt ", "billion. The university's notable alumni include radio personality Howard Stern and actresses Marisa Tomei and  Julianne Moore . 13. Northwestern University, Private Northwestern's 451 wealthiest alumni are worth a total of $46 billion ", 'fears," Whiteside said. That\'s what happened to  Julianne Moore , who scrapped her daily routine of leaving her apartment gradually goes away, and it should get easier."  Julianne Moore  In 2008, the "Game Change" actress told UK\'s ', 'From cameos including  Julianne Moore , Salma Hayek, Nancy Pelosi, Ice-T and Conan O\'Brien to the usual Liz Lemon shenanigans, Thursday\'s "30 Rock" series ', "Screen Actors Guild Awards 2013: 'Argo,' 'Lincoln,' 'Les Mis' and 'Silver Linings' Win Big", 'TELEVISION Actor in a movie or miniseries: Kevin Costner "Hatfields & McCoys" Actress in a movie or miniseries:  Julianne Moore , "Game Change" Actor in a comedy series: Alec Baldwin, "30 Rock" Actress in a comedy series: Tina Fey ', 'movie he directed and stars in about a good looking guy who\'s addicted to porn. He\'s brought Scarlett Johansson,  Julianne Moore , and Tony Danza along for the ride. 9. A modern day Bonnie and Clyde. "Ain\'t Them Bodies Saints" stars Casey ', 'dire lack of Amy and Tina), Poehler and Fey popped up unexpectedly, with Poehler impersonating Game Change actress  Julianne Moore  (with the addition of buckteeth, because, sure, why not). Poehler was also beside herself after "Hillary Clinton\'s ', 'incredibly clever to have hired a  Julianne Moore  there in this story one of the best actresses. And here they are  Julianne Moore  and great. Here and I think I portraying you know and watched by  Julianne Moore  planes are and on the plane ', "by Angie roach who had. Was incredibly clever to have hired a Julianne Moore -- -- there in this story one of the best actresses. And here they are Julianne Moore and great. Here and I think I -- -- good and I I work is done. -- and -- honest. Yeah we'll ", 'where we have Tina Fey portraying -- you know and watched by Julianne Moore planes are -- and on the plane. Both in a way to go into that but also as an important character moments ', 'incredibly clever to have hired a  Julianne Moore  there in this story one of the best actresses. And here they are  Julianne Moore  and great. Here and I think I portraying you know and watched by  Julianne Moore  planes are and on the plane ', "by Angie roach who had. Was incredibly clever to have hired a Julianne Moore -- -- there in this story one of the best actresses. And here they are Julianne Moore and great. Here and I think I -- -- good and I I work is done. -- and -- honest. Yeah we'll ", 'where we have Tina Fey portraying -- you know and watched by Julianne Moore planes are -- and on the plane. Both in a way to go into that but also as an important character moments ', "Congratulations. advance. To seize the moment was meeting about the moment. At I mean it's. It's. Six I. What an eye witness TV dad really Smart writing. Yeah. But how does it now. Now I now relax So now what what's the I I think that at parties. To your New York asked 58. Here advocates are now", 'life. And "gma" anchors by day. Yes. I\'m hoping they would cue that up. On sunday, you might have learned  julianne moore  bagged an emmy. And then, she bagged an emmy again. She was spotted sporting her emmy. She brown-bagged it and ', 'hoping they would cue that up. On sunday, you might have learned julianne moore bagged an emmy. And then, she bagged an emmy again. She was spotted sporting her emmy. She brown-bagged it and walked through ', "Has writing these Three children's books made you want to venture into other kinds of writing like maybe a memoir. That you know I saw this great Maurice Sendak documentary and somebody asked him knew why He wrote children's books and at least it's a fascinating character and and He. He you hearing", "No this latest furcal phase strawberry book is the third in the series so far what's right and this is best friends for aha. And what I was taken with reading all three of them were some of the themes again in a very simple children's book He wound up being able to talk about. Tolerance. Inclusive", "I've been so taken with how much faith as part of this current election campaign. Again all of these candidates on mountain and Mitt Romney's Mormon doesn't want that and I read. That you have an upcoming project we the place our payment rate for HBO yes. Does does that kind of force you to look at"]