['com about a few of this year\'s snubs and surprises. See the Full List of 2013 Emmy Nominees CBS/AP Photo  Julianna Margulies  Many were surprised when "The Good Wife" actress\'s name didn\'t appear on the list of lead actresses in a drama ', 'mixed reviews, could be left off the roster. Lead Actress, Drama Predicted Nominees Claire Danes, "Homeland";  Julianna Margulies , "The Good Wife"; Michelle Dockery, "Downton Abbey"; Elisabeth Moss, "Mad Men"; Kerry Washington ', "Chris Christie made a surprise appearance. Other famous faces included NBC News anchor Brian Williams, actress  Julianna Margulies  and actor Alec Baldwin and his pregnant wife Hilaria. Gandolfini's wife Deborah Lin Gandolfini and the mother ", 'Harry\'s Law"; Glenn Close, "Damages"; Claire Danes, "Homeland"; Michelle Dockery, "Downton Abbey";  Julianna Margulies , "The Good Wife"; Elisabeth Moss, "Mad Men" "I don\'t know if I\'m voting with my head or my heart ', 'Bates, "Harry\'s Law" Glenn Close, "Damages" Claire Danes, "Homeland" Michelle Dockery, "Downton Abbey"  Julianna Margulies , "The Good Wife" Elisabeth Moss, "Mad Men" Best Actor in a Drama Series Hugh Bonneville, "Downton Abbey ', "Ray Tamarra/FilmMagic/Getty Images  Julianna Margulies ' former managers filed a lawsuit against her on Monday in Los Angeles Superior Court, alleging that she owes them at least ", "Louis Canning (Michael J. Fox) returning with one goal -- to bankrupt Lockhart Gardner, the law firm for which  Julianna Margulies ' character works. Clearly the guy means business -- he looks seriously sinister in the episode's promo photos ", 'NBC) GLENN CLOSE / Patty Hewes - DAMAGES (DirecTV) JESSICA LANGE / Constance - AMERICAN HORROR STORY (FX)  JULIANNA MARGULIES  / Alicia Florrick - THE GOOD WIFE (CBS) KYRA SEDGWICK / Dept. Chief Brenda Leigh Johnson - THE CLOSER (TNT ', 'Britton, "Friday Night Lights"; Mireille Enos, "The Killing"; Mariska Hargitay, "Law & Order: SVU";  Julianna Margulies , "The Good Wife"; Elisabeth Moss, "Mad Men" The perennial favorite is Hargitay, but this year the field ', 'Britton, "Friday Night Lights"; Mireille Enos, "The Killing"; Mariska Hargitay, "Law & Order: SVU";  Julianna Margulies , "The Good Wife"; Elisabeth Moss, "Mad Men" The perennial favorite is Hargitay, but this year the field ', 'Fresh off her victory last Sunday  Julianna Margulies  returns more drama on the good wife. Season three that hit show premieres Sunday night she talked to Peter Travers on popcorn ', 'Fresh off her -- victory last Sunday Julianna Margulies returns -- more drama on the good wife. Season three that hit show premieres Sunday night she talked to Peter Travers on ', "hardliner could care less. OK. Thank you Hi everybody I'm Peter Travers this popcorn and today's guest is  Julianna Margulies  the rest new winner. A best lead actress in drama theories but the good. and big ever get that they got it right ", "Hi everybody I'm Peter Travers this -- popcorn and today's guest is Julianna Margulies the rest new winner. A best lead actress in drama theories but the good. -- and big -- ever get that they ", "I know he's entered the library. But the time code. I'm not traffic shows that the driver of your car was running a red light just outside to escapes the exact moment of the interface telling. That means that the driver of your car if that is you. Couldn't have been involved in rallies I to", 'was Hollywood fashion runway. Lawrence and wound into your kids who are Claire Danes dazzled in her side she in  Julianna Margulies  signs really of The big colors black and white and In a whole lot at the in half and they Salma Hayek and Jodie ', 'your kids who are Claire Danes dazzled in her side she in Julianna Margulies signs really of -- The -- big colors black and white and -- In a whole lot at the -- in half ', "Pierce Brosnan Discusses Career, Sarah Jessica Parker and New Movie 'I Don't Know How She Does It'", "Actually it was not a I suppose the one that comes to mind is a film called Evelyn. As I produce. Numbered years ago  Julianna Margulies  who stars who directed it and it's true story based on an irishman. for his children it's. A delightful film ", "film called Evelyn. As -- -- I produce. Numbered years ago -- Julianna Margulies who stars who directed it and it's true story based on an irishman. -- for his children it's. A delightful film it ", "stipulation are in lead actress in a drama and you've got Connie Britton from Friday Night Lights Kathy Bates  Julianna Margulies . Who's got the favorite. I'm done with my heart here I absolutely love the good life with love I'm Juliana ", "drama and you've got Connie Britton from Friday Night Lights Kathy Bates Julianna Margulies . Who's got the favorite. I'm done with my heart here I absolutely love the good life with love I'm Juliana margulies Affleck ", "that's what was not about it. How bad it mad men won best drama fourth in a row but the brother and that's a good  Julianna Margulies  Kyle Chandler for the now canceled Friday Night Lights. For modern family's Julie Bowen Ty Burrell who wondered ", "-- in a row but the brother and that's a good -- Julianna Margulies Kyle Chandler for the now canceled Friday Night Lights. For modern family's Julie Bowen Ty Burrell who wondered whether they -- -- "]