['Breast cancer charity Susan G. Komen for the Cure, which suffered a publicity backlash last year after it sought to cut funding to Planned Parenthood, said on Tuesda...', 'Getting a mammogram too soon may cause more harm than good.Mammograms aimed at finding breast cancer might actually raise the chances of developing it in young women...', 'Mammograms aimed at finding breast cancer might actually raise the chances of developing it in young women whose genes put them at higher risk for the disease, a stu...', 'In 2009, Herlinda Garcia received news that would change her life: She had Stage IV terminal breast cancer.Garcia had just undergone surgery to remove a benign tumor...', 'The Susan G. Komen for the Cure Foundation, a leading charity for breast cancer, announced Tuesday that it is ceasing its partnership with Planned Parenthood in prev...', '[caption id="attachment_2823" align="alignleft" width="103" caption="Dr. Cynara Coomer"][/caption]Aspirin may just be a miracle drug. The latest news about its benef...', 'A husband and wife are both undergoing treatment for breast cancer in a case that illustrates how the disease can strike both sexes.Mike and Barbara Welsh, of Monroe...', 'Marci found a lump in her breast in April of last year. She went to the doctor the next day. "The first doctor I saw told me that it was not life threatening, probab...', "In the wake of the new federal recommendations that only women aged 50-74 need routine mammograms and that self examination shouldn't be taught, breast cancer surviv...", "No matter what your treatment plan - your life after battling breast cancer will be changed forever. It will be important for you to follow up with your doctor's vis...", 'Regular mammograms to screen for breast cancer is the status quo for women in their forties. A new set of guidelines being released on Tuesday by the American Colleg...', 'Ambassador Nancy Brinker of Susan G. Komen For The Cure tells Headline Health what it was like  battling breast cancer  herself', 'Older women who are diagnosed with early-stage breast cancer can expect to live just as long as peers without breast cancer, according to a new study.That\'s "a very ...', 'Every October, the flood of pink ribbons and information about breast cancer can mean only one thing: Breast Cancer Awareness Month. We hear about the 200,000 women ...', 'The Susan G. Komen for the Cure Foundation, a leading charity for breast cancer, announced Tuesday that it is ceasing its partnership with Planned Parenthood in prev...', "For many women, getting a mammogram is already one of life's more stressful experiences.Now, women in their 40s have the added anxiety of trying to figure out if the...", 'Women want to make an informed decision about when to start having screening mammograms together with their doctor after a full discussion of the benefits and risks ...', "Up to a fourth of breast cancers found through mammograms are harmless and would not cause noticeable disease during the women's lifetimes, a new study from Norway s..."]