['Rep. Scott Garrett, (R) New Jersey, discusses why he wants to repeal the  alternative minimum tax .', "Michael Barone of the Washington Examiner on Presdient Obama's budget placing a higher tax burden on most Americans.", 'During the recent presidential election, tax reform was a hot-button issue. Billionaire investor Warren Buffett and Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney bot...', 'During the recent presidential election, tax reform was a hot-button issue. Billionaire investor Warren Buffett and Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney bot...', 'After Congress averted the fiscal cliff at the very last hour at the start of the year, the folks at the IRS had the big job of redesigning some tax forms to comply ...', 'Scott Hodge of the Tax Foundation on the complexities with new taxes and returns.', 'Back in the 1960s Congress decided that too many wealthy individuals and their lawyers and accountants had devised clever, yet legal, schemes to avoid paying their s...', "The alternative minimum tax, commonly referred to as the AMT, is one part of the fiscal cliff that isn't getting a lot of widespread attention. It should.Unless Cong...", 'Taxes ?? Income Taxes ?? Beware The Costly, Complicated AMTThree letters, AMT, are striking tax fear in the hearts of more and more middle-class filers.These folks a...', 'Highlights of a bill Congress passed Tuesday aimed at averting wide tax increases and budget cuts scheduled to take effect with the new year. The measure would raise...', 'It may not sound like it from the rhetoric, but both the House and Senate already have passed separate bills to delay big tax increases awaiting nearly every taxpaye...', "Taxes are moving toward center stage in the run-up to the November 6 U.S. elections and Republican Representative Paul Ryan, tapped to be Mitt Romney's running mate ...", 'Strategas head of policy research Dan Clifton argues addressing Bush tax-cut extensions after the election will be bad for the economy.', 'Scott Talbot of the Financial Services Roundtable breaks down what needs to be done to improve corporate tax reform.', 'Brittney Saks, PricewaterhouseCoopers partner in the private company services group, on how the fiscal cliff will impact planning for your taxes.', 'There has been a lot of hoopla since presumptive GOP presidential candidate Mitt Romney divulged his tax rate is 13.9%. Factions have lined up on both sides: some su...']