['Majority of People Recover From  Rhabdomyolysis  Experts say  rhabdomyolysis  can occur after extremely When you exercise, the  muscles  secrete potassium to help can cause kidney damage,  rhabdomyolysis  rarely leads to death or ', 'creatine, which has been linked to  compartment syndrome , a condition caused by extreme Three of the players had surgery for  compartment syndrome , and tests showed those players cause of the unusual cluster of  compartment syndrome  cases. "I still think it is creatine ', 'undergo surgery for  compartment syndrome , a condition where swelling  muscles  are compressed by the the swelling of their  muscles  had readings of over do with coaching."  Compartment syndrome  is often linked to Creatine ', 'research letter in the same issue of JAMA reports a case of  rhabdomyolysis  -- a breakdown in muscle tissue -- in a 28-year-old smoked two or three cigarettes a day for the past year.  Rhabdomyolysis  has been associated with different strains of flu and now ', "may cause structural damage to the  muscles  of people experiencing muscle aches and hinder the body's ability to repair  muscles . Muscle cells exposed to increasing market because of a high incidence in  rhabdomyolysis , a widespread breakdown of skeletal ", 'and then restart the drug." In the most severe cases, however, the side effect can lead to a rare condition known as  rhabdomyolysis , where the skeletal muscle breaks off and goes into the blood. The result can be kidney failure, though the discomfort ', 'withdrawal. The seizures were so violent that they produced  rhabdomyolysis , a breakdown in muscle tissue that is toxic to the kidneys car crash, because my CPKs were extraordinarily high.  Rhabdomyolysis  explained the urinary catheter and another of the IVs ', 'by the unexplained presence of at least one or more of the following: the blood disorder known as metabolic acidosis;  rhabdomyolysis  (a muscle disorder); bradycardia (lowered heart rate); and/or cardiac arrest. PRIS occurred in one patients in ', '25-year-old woman who developed severe  rhabdomyolysis  while taking imatinib.  Rhabdomyolysis  is the breakdown of muscle fibers resulting treatment, the woman experienced symptoms of  rhabdomyolysis . After she stopped taking imatinib ', 'exactly one day to the year after the application was submitted, and withdrawn four years later due to reports of death from  rhabdomyolysis , a breakdown of muscle fibers. The diabetic drug Rezulin was given priority status, approved before the six-month deadline ', 'just shut the pain off, but once they got the concrete off me then I really started to feel it. I had severe  compartment syndrome , a crushing injury where the body swells up and the blood has nowhere to go. When they touch my leg, I am ', 'three-year period in the United States from  rhabdomyolysis , a disorder that causes muscle destruction associated with at least 52 deaths from  rhabdomyolysis  over the same three-year period largely taken care of the problem of  rhabdomyolysis  by getting Baycol off the market ', 'The drug\'s rare side effect,  rhabdomyolysis , destroys muscle cells then releases drugs called statins. Experts say  rhabdomyolysis  is a known side-effect of all statins services at Yale-New Haven Hospital, " rhabdomyolysis  was not reported in clinical trials ', "Doctors say Craig's was a moderate one required six of vials of anti venom he also required surgery to avoid  compartment syndrome  after swelling threatened to permanently disfigured his hand. And to prevent the pressure from doing so damages ", 'six of vials of anti venom he also required surgery to avoid compartment syndrome after swelling threatened to permanently disfigured his hand. And to prevent the pressure from doing so -- damages nerves or blood flow ', "are convinced they know what happened here it's called  compartment syndrome  and it occurs when a muscle gets too big for the lining setting can be compared practice from an exercise regime  muscles . Are allowed to expand about 20%. Of their size before ", "the hospital. Doctors are convinced they know what happened here it's called compartment syndrome and it occurs when a muscle gets too big for the lining surrounding causing pressure and pain. Becomes dangerous when the swelling ", 'rushed to the hospital twelve were admitted three had to have emergency surgery. The diagnosis. Something called  compartment syndrome . In severe cases muscle tissue in the swells larger than the tissue around it that puts pressure on nerves and ', 'were admitted three had to have emergency surgery. The diagnosis. Something called compartment syndrome . In severe cases -- muscle tissue in the -- swells larger than the tissue around it that puts pressure on nerves and ']