['of all deaths from  colon cancer  could be prevented campaign has boosted  colonoscopy  rates from 47 recommend regular  colon cancer screening  the calls to increase massages then the  colonoscopy . But the what program ', "all of us and our health more people are getting checked for colon cancer . Nearly two out of three adults age fifty and older are getting screened regularly but that means more than twenty million of us still are not. What if there is a Smart way to make it happened saving thousands of lives here's Lisa stark. It's as simple fact over half of all deaths from colon cancer could be prevented. If adults over age fifty got regularly screened. But it just doesn't happen. -- -- -- -- Think there's a certain stigma. Attached to it they don't going to have one. So state and cities are getting aggressive in -- their bombarding -- with ads my dad was 58 years old. The campaign has boosted colonoscopy rates from 47%. To 68%. In just five years. In -- in Washington it's nagging automated phone calls it's not a political pitch interrupting dinner it's this. I don't Permanente recommend regular colon cancer screening the calls to increase screening rates 30%. You can use it very inexpensive. And efficient -- To reach really millions of more people in -- some doctors offered female patients facials and massages then the colonoscopy . But the what program getting the most attention in New York City eighteen hospitals literally hand -- patients through the colonoscopy process. Answer basic questions remind them about appointments helped them deal with the cost. They're called patient navigators and they need times -- -- as. Cynthia afraid and they don't want to goes through the process without his personal help only 40% of patients showed up for their colonoscopy -- Now 85% -- It's one of the programs the CDC is now lying to figure out what will best motivate Americans ", 'of all deaths from  colon cancer  could be prevented campaign has boosted  colonoscopy  rates from 47 recommend regular  colon cancer screening  the calls to increase massages then the  colonoscopy . But the what program ', "all of us and our health more people are getting checked for colon cancer . Nearly two out of three adults age fifty and older are getting screened regularly but that means more than twenty million of us still are not. What if there is a Smart way to make it happened saving thousands of lives here's Lisa stark. It's as simple fact over half of all deaths from colon cancer could be prevented. If adults over age fifty got regularly screened. But it just doesn't happen. -- -- -- -- Think there's a certain stigma. Attached to it they don't going to have one. So state and cities are getting aggressive in -- their bombarding -- with ads my dad was 58 years old. The campaign has boosted colonoscopy rates from 47%. To 68%. In just five years. In -- in Washington it's nagging automated phone calls it's not a political pitch interrupting dinner it's this. I don't Permanente recommend regular colon cancer screening the calls to increase screening rates 30%. You can use it very inexpensive. And efficient -- To reach really millions of more people in -- some doctors offered female patients facials and massages then the colonoscopy . But the what program getting the most attention in New York City eighteen hospitals literally hand -- patients through the colonoscopy process. Answer basic questions remind them about appointments helped them deal with the cost. They're called patient navigators and they need times -- -- as. Cynthia afraid and they don't want to goes through the process without his personal help only 40% of patients showed up for their colonoscopy -- Now 85% -- It's one of the programs the CDC is now lying to figure out what will best motivate Americans ", "American screen for  colon cancer . They're too big what is known as  virtual colonoscopy . Kind of collage that bad but. Get a  colonoscopy  it's not that bad and then. In the  virtual colonoscopy  still have to put ", "It could change the way American screen for colon cancer They're too big new studies and they are talking about what is known as virtual colonoscopy . Kind of collage of cat scans. That together create a 3-D image it's a technique that some studies say works just as ", "said over and over and it's not that bad but. Get a colonoscopy -- it's not that bad but everybody thinks is going to be a method that takes. All of a concern that's not quite true because you still have to prepare for both get rid of all contents they still have to drink the co -- -- and then. In the virtual colonoscopy still have to put a little tube in the -- and put air in two. Open it up -- -- as we ", 'patients who died of  colon cancer . With more than 50000 subjects. They found that  colonoscopy  dramatically cut the researchers estimate  colonoscopy  may be only sixty to effective for reducing  colon cancer  death. Not 90% effective However rates of  colonoscopy  screening were extremely ', 'Colon cancer is called in the early stages have an excellent chance for pure as high as 90%. But new research from Canada finds colonoscopy is may not be as effective for detecting colon polyps as previously believed. Researchers compared about 101000 patients who died of colon cancer . With more than 50000 healthy control subjects. They found that colonoscopy dramatically cut the death crisper cancers on the left side of the colon. But had no effect on cancers on the right side of the Colin. As a result researchers estimate colonoscopy may be only sixty to 70% effective for reducing colon cancer death. Not 90% effective as other studies have found. However rates of colonoscopy screening were extremely poor in this study. Just 7% of those who died and nine point 8% of those who were alive had received a colonoscopy . So the exact effectiveness of colonoscopy remains unknown. But experts agree that a 60% reduction would still be very impressive. As more than double the effectiveness of mammograms ', "your family has had  colon cancer  that's a reason cancer I had to have a  colonoscopy  before my surgery and had a second  colonoscopy . Just about a month breast cancer why do need  colon cancer screening  but you risk actually ", "And America's health this morning taking appear out of getting a colonoscopy on the most important things you can do when you turn fifty if not before. It's getting screened for colon cancer it's -- second leading cause of cancer deaths in the US and many of those deaths are preventable. Here's -- senior health and medical editor doctor Richard Bessie Hedrick first fourth. I did you know Robin I'm I'm fifty now so I made an appointment to get a colonoscopy . The actual procedure took place yesterday -- wanted to take you through what actually happened. Demystify the experience if you will so that people out there are no it's -- simple. It's relatively painless and in just fifteen minutes could save your life. The preparation begins the -- before the screening. Hi how are you. -- -- -- I'm here to get my medicine the most common preparation for colonoscopy is a gallon of liquid solution just add water drink any cleans after Colin. What kind of things -- -- hear from ", 'on the fears -- prevents millions of Americans from being screened for colon cancer but studies show that a screening -- improve tens of thousands of lives could be saved. You know they hear from their ', "it reduces your risk of cancer by 90%. Now the reason that colon cancer screening is done it's it's is to look for this and this is is what a colon cancer actually looks like. And it's a growth so it looks like a pile up gone bad enough could go take that out ", 'at risk for  colon cancer  and some cases to change.  Colon cancer screening  rate well this we know that  colon cancer  is a largely to undergo  colonoscopy  now. Right what about  virtual colonoscopy  is a lot of ', "your bottom line to patients out there who are preparing to undergo colonoscopy now. Right well the -- has been one of the problems in getting people to come in for there exam. But I must say for an exam that needs to occur on average every five to ten years it is critical. That you complete your preparation to the best of your abilities because your examination. And your doctor and all the equipment that He has. Pails in comparison to your ability to get the -- as clean as. Possible. Now what about virtual colonoscopy is a lot of people are much more willing to go have an X ray test than they are obviously to have a colonoscopy Is virtual colonoscopy going to be as good picking up these flat lesions as they are the -- X ray holly so that's that's a great question I think that these sorts of findings the flat polyps are are one of the Achilles heels. Virtual colonoscopy . And it's gonna raise the question of how effective this is on on a screening level for everybody but. -- -- must be stills going to be part of of how we check people for colon cancer Yes and with only 50% of people getting their screening. Getting a virtual colonoscopy is surely better than doing nothing. Rights the bottom line message is that the best screening -- is the one that gets done there are a variety of ways to look for for polyps. And to look for colon cancer colonoscopy is still considered the best. So talking about the best how do you find. A doctor we've seen in the literature that doctors vary widely in their ability to do a good viewing -- and asking how do you find -- good doctor. Right well that's an important question holly I I think that. That that these issues have been raised by the societies that trained doctors and those of us who do colonoscopy are well aware of this problem David. Thank you so much -- so authority in -- we are going to have to ", 'Research suggests that  virtual colonoscopy . Could be a good alternative to traditional  colonoscopy  for  colon cancer screening .  Virtual colonoscopy  still requires. A liquid preparation ', "Research suggests that virtual colonoscopy Could be a good alternative to traditional colonoscopy for colon cancer screening Virtual colonoscopy still requires. A liquid preparation beforehand to clean up -- -- but he uses gentler CT scan technology. To do the test itself. It takes less time does not require sedation. And has the potential to be more accurate than traditional colonoscopy In a study of more than 6000 patients the virtual test was just as good at detecting colon cancer and it had fewer complications. But some experts still have doubts about. For -- enough it does not detect very small lesions as well and some people actually report more discomfort then with the usual screening. Most concerning is that virtual colonoscopy Does not allow doctors to biopsy. Or remove suspicious tumors this means an extra follow up test for many patients however some doctors feel at any tests that increases screening. Could be worthwhile on 90% of colon cancer is curable when caught early. But only about 40% is curable when detected late. With this medical minute I'm doctor Timothy -- ", 'help prevent  colon cancer . Here to explain the risk for  colon cancer  but everyone is to get your  colonoscopy . On schedule asked if he. Our  colonoscopy  at fifty so this do to prevent  colorectal cancer  now for everyone ', 'new report is recommending an aspirin regiment in order to help prevent colon cancer . Here to explain the implications of the finding -- doctor Karen Boyle surgeon at the greater Baltimore medical center hi doctor -- ', "course and asked Redmond isn't going to completely remove the risk for colon cancer but everyone still needs to take. The appropriate measures to -- reduce their risk further which of course is to get your colonoscopy . On schedule cracked. That's right time so every year when you see your doctor able check this tool for blood and starting at age fifty. Unless you have a family history much -- issue should start earlier patients should have either -- asked if he. Our colonoscopy at fifty so this does not replace screening. Screening is -- most important thing to do to prevent colorectal cancer now for everyone age group getting these screenings or certain I'm group that higher risk than others. So groups that have a predisposition. Or an increased risk of developing colorectal cancer so people who have a significantly history. Who maybe have had. Obviously bleeding from the -- -- them. Or have diseases that ", 'Colon cancer  is one of the leading cause of cancer them to blood samples from 28 Nolan  colon cancer  patients than using a particular protein Right now the most accurate test for  colon cancer  is the and Which can be painful and ', 'Colon cancer is one of the leading cause of cancer related death that US. However for nearly all cases an early diagnosis can lead to a complete cure. In the search for more screening methods to catch this disease. Researchers at Johns Hopkins medical center have found that proteins in the blood may identify the cancer. Scientist looked at blood samples from 107. Seemingly healthy people before their -- announced -- And compared them to blood samples from 28 Nolan colon cancer patients than using a particular protein as a marker. Researchers were able to determine with 100%. Accuracy which patients at existing cancer. Using that same protein marker of the researchers identified fourteen healthy people who had precancerous -- Right now the most accurate test for colon cancer is the -- and -- Which can be painful and uncomfortable for some patients. Experts see this new blood test. As a ', "Farber Cancer Institute report.  colon cancer  patients who were deficient in vitamin. The study looked at 304  colon cancer  patients over a ten year period to die from any cause including  colon cancer . Doctors haven't yet determined ", "that low vitamin. Researchers from the Dana Farber Cancer Institute report. -- colon cancer patients who were deficient in vitamin. The study looked at 304 colon cancer patients over a ten year period. Of vitamin. Doses vitamin. 48% less likely to die from any cause including colon cancer . Doctors haven't yet determined whether the sunshine vitamin is directly related to survival. Or just an indicator of a person's overall health. ", 'of all deaths from  colon cancer  could be prevented campaign has boosted  colonoscopy  rates from 47 recommend regular  colon cancer screening  the calls to increase massages then the  colonoscopy . But the what program ', "all of us and our health more people are getting checked for colon cancer . Nearly two out of three adults age fifty and older are getting screened regularly but that means more than twenty million of us still are not. What if there is a Smart way to make it happens saving thousands of wise here's Lisa stark. It's as simple fact over half of all deaths from colon cancer could be prevented. If adults over age fifty got regularly screened. But it just doesn't happen. People are -- elected to do. Think there's a certain stigma attached to it they don't end at one don't volunteer. That's. So state and cities are getting aggressive in Utah their bombarding -- with ads my dad was fifty years old. The campaign has boosted colonoscopy rates from 47%. To 68%. In just five years. In -- in Washington it's nagging automated phone calls it's not a political pitch interrupting dinner it's this. I don't Permanente recommend regular colon cancer screening the calls to increase screening rates 30%. You can use it very inexpensive. And efficient -- -- To reach -- really millions of more people in Denver some doctors offered female patients facials and massages then the colonoscopy . But the what program getting the most attention in New York City eighteen hospitals literally hand home patients through the colonoscopy process. Answer basic questions and remind them about appointments help them deal with the cost. They're called patient navigators and many times -- -- as. Cynthia for eighth and they don't want to go through the process without his personal health only 40% of patients showed up for their colonoscopy -- Now 85% -- It's one of the programs -- CDC is now lying to figure out what will best motivate Americans ", "want to go for a  colonoscopy  I'm too young in recommending.  Colon cancer screening . And in the will to be aware that  colon cancer screening . This essential And He recommends  colonoscopy  is as a screening ", "on with our bodies at this stage. Who also observing march is colon cancer awareness month and we'll talk about those all important colonoscopy -- Here with us are doctor -- Adam Caplan. A fellow of the American college of OB GYN and practice for nineteen ", "pain as well. These are symptoms that could suggest. The possibility of colon cancer and -- certainly warrants and examinations such as a colonoscopy to investigate war. We certainly. Encourage patients to come in for a colonoscopy before any symptoms develop. And generally the average risk patient. Should have their colonoscopy by age fifty. There are some circumstances where we think patients should have -- colonoscopy before age fifty. These in this category -- we call high risk. Patients. Include those who have a family history first degree relatives. Who may have had colon cancer or colon polyps. In addition they may have had. Other concurrent illness such as inflammatory bowel disease. Also -- also -- colitis and Crohn's Disease. Patients in these categories should have a colonoscopy is. Probably starting at -- forty. ", '149000. Cases of  colorectal cancer  diagnosed in Guidelines call for  colon cancer  survivors to have regular  colonoscopy . However a new finds 60% of  colon cancer  patients are had not had a  colonoscopy . In three years ', 'There will be an estimated 149000. Cases of colorectal cancer diagnosed in the US this year. The good news is that the majority are caught early enough. To have an excellent chance for cure. But even after surgery patients remain at risk for recurrence. Guidelines call for colon cancer survivors to see their doctors at least twice a year to have blood tests to check for cancer related proteins. And to have regular colonoscopy . However a new study finds 60% of colon cancer patients are receiving this recommended care. Doctors examined records for more than 9400. Patients. And found that most did see a position twice a year but more than a quarter of the study participants had not had a colonoscopy . In three years. Fewer than half had recommended blood test. Men and African American patients were less likely to have at optimal ', 'On the effect the development of  colorectal cancer  as well as people had  colorectal cancer  affect survival. Those who tough aspirin reduction. In their risk of developing  colorectal cancer . And having as little of the baby ', '-- -- which are and said. On the effect the development of colorectal cancer as well as people -- had colorectal cancer -- affect survival. Those who tough aspirin or -- -- sir oil anti inflammatory had about a twenty to 25% reduction. In their risk of developing colorectal cancer . And having as little of the baby aspirin a day which is genuine militants when -- semi five milligrams -- day. Had a reduction in the risk of colorectal cancer . And that risk also looks like it was reduced by just having five years of exposure. ', "important new study. About  virtual colonoscopy  that is doing an exam of the We've been screening with  virtual colonoscopy  alongside conventional or future. When you say that the  virtual colonoscopy  found more cancers are you ", "The New England Journal of Medicine contains an important new study. About virtual colonoscopy that is doing an exam of the -- on using CT scans with us is one of the authors of the study doctor -- Picard. Who is an associate professor. Radiologists. Abdominal imaging center at the university Wisconsin. Medical center thank you for joining us this morning. My pleasure fly -- Begin by briefly describing the study how you did it and what you found. -- -- University of Wisconsin we have a unique situation where. We've been screening with virtual colonoscopy alongside conventional or -- face of colonoscopy for about three and a half years now. We've had insurance coverage for both procedures. Partly because of A prior study in ", "the gold standard in the near future. When you say that the virtual colonoscopy found more cancers are you implying that the regular -- -- -- missed some cancers. Well we know that both. Tests aren't perfect it's hard to say we whether or not. Cancers were actually mess but we do know on average about 5% of colon cancers are probably missed. At conventional colonoscopy And there probably is a real miss -- said that the virtual. Test as well but but both tests are very good for picking up cancers. I believe the virtual test is slightly better at picking up large polyps and possibly even cancers especially -- on on our findings. Now -- you know the one main criticism of virtual colonoscopy . And we heard it from some experts yesterday responding the study is that when and if you do find polyps or cancer ", "there's there's test that you should be having done did you did if you haven't done them yet start start now  colon cancer screening . For everybody mammograms for women and to admit should be talking to their doctors about prostate cancer screening ", "did you did if you haven't done them yet start start now colon cancer screening . For everybody mammograms for women and to admit should be talking to their doctors about prostate cancer screening -- are all things ", 'anesthesia for a routine  colonoscopy  President Bush sent underwent surgery for  colon cancer  and in 2002. When President Bush had his last  colonoscopy . At this so because why. Theoretically  colon cancer  should be a 100% preventable people get regular  colonoscopy .  Colonoscopy  allows ', "today into the 25 amendment. While President Bush was -- dated for colonoscopy Vice President Cheney assumed presidential powers which have now been transferred back. But it will be two or three days before we know if the president has a clean bill of health because doctors did find five small growths. ABC's Liz -- -- is at the White House tonight. For two hours and 5 minutes this morning Vice President Dick Cheney became acting president Dick Cheney. Just before undergoing anesthesia for a routine colonoscopy President Bush sent a letter to congressional leaders saying. I have determined to transfer temporarily my constitutional powers and duties to the vice president. This is the consequence of having the 25 amendment of the constitution. Which allows. The president to suspend his authority. During ties and capacity. It's only happened twice before. In 1985 when President Reagan underwent surgery for colon cancer and in 2002. When President Bush had his last colonoscopy . At this so because we're war. And -- wanted to bring them. Recent report you know super cautious during the procedure which ", "David experts say he is sending a good example for the country. Colon cancer is very curable and treatable if it's caught an apparently stage and that's -- we really encourage people to get screened even ", "stage to the development of full blown cancer. Which is why. Theoretically colon cancer should be a 100% preventable if people get regular colonoscopy . Colonoscopy allows us look at the entire Colin. And if we find these early growth -- remove them preventing them from developing into cancer that's why we are so strong and our recommendation for regular colonoscopy . And when should people go for those philosophies. We recommend that everyone have one starting at 850 now if you find nothing you could probably go. Up to ten years before you have another -- if you find some polyps that in the case of President Bush. You will do it more frequently I suspect he'll have a repeat -- -- Within a couple of years so -- the frequency of colonoscopy will depend on what you find with the first or subsequent exam. And has been more attention paid of these colonoscopy is in recent years people so fearful of the procedure itself. Well the preparation the night before is the difficult part euphemistically ", "exercise to And percent of our screening rates were were pretty high on demography and pap smears for high but  colon cancer screening  with a lot lower than you expected or would like to Right what is just a classic you can't bring a didn't ", "were were pretty high on demography and pap smears for high but colon cancer screening with a lot lower than you expected or would like to -- Right what is just a classic you can't -- bring "]