['Lena Dunham for "Girls"; Edie Falco for "Nurse Jackie"; Amy Poehler for "Parks and Recreation" and  Julia Louis - Dreyfus , who claimed the trophy last year for "Veep." Most of the 2012 trophy holders have a chance to repeat. Maggie ', 'Nurse Jackie," Showtime; Amy Poehler, "Parks and Recreation," NBC; Tina Fey, "30 Rock," NBC;  Julia Louis - Dreyfus , "Veep," HBO. Supporting Actor, Comedy Series: Adam Driver, "Girls," HBO; Jesse Tyler Ferguson ', 'Family The Big Bang Theory Veep Outstanding Lead Actress in a Comedy Series Tina Fey, 30 Rock Lena Dunham, Girls  Julia Louis - Dreyfus , Veep Laura Dern, Enlightened Edie Falco, Nurse Jackie Amy Poehler, Parks and Recreation Outstanding Lead ', 'award. Lead Actress, Comedy Predicted Nominees:  Julia Louis - Dreyfus , "Veep"; Tina Fey, "30 Rock"; Zooey Deschanel Enlightened" "If I was betting, I would say  Julia Louis - Dreyfus ," Wilson said. "She represents the ultimate ', 'PHOTOS: White House Correspondents\' Dinner 2013 It was the one night out of 364 when stars like "Veep\'s"  Julia Louis - Dreyfus , "Modern Family\'s" Sofia Vergara and "Scandal\'s" Tony Goldwyn took the red carpet as guests of the media ', 'Vice President Joe Biden had lunch at the White House today with  Julia Louis - Dreyfus , who plays Vice President Selina Meyer in HBO\'s "Veep," an aide told ABC News. Louis-Dreyfus attended Thursday night\'s ', 'much as on SNL pretend life. It\'s a fun, fun segment." Lightning Round: Q: Favorite show? A: "Veep.  Julia Louis - Dreyfus  on HBO." Q: Guilty pleasure? A: "My guilty pleasure is spending a large part of the weekend in bed-even ', 'down." Since starring in the coming-of-age story "My Girl" at age 10, Chlumsky has had a few small acting roles until scoring a starring role in HBO\'s "Veep" alongside  Julia Louis - Dreyfus . Chlumsky and So married in 2008.', "Hough opted for a creepy crawly accessory - her earrings are made out of actual beetles. 6:02 p.m. ET: For  Julia Louis - Dreyfus , this Globes is extra special - today is her 52nd birthday and she's up for best actress in a TV comedy for ", 'The Big Bang Theory" Best Actress in a Television Series, Comedy or Musical Zooey Deschanel, "New Girl"  Julia - Louis Dreyfus , "Veep" Lena Dunham, "Girls" Tina Fey, "30 Rock" Amy Poehler, "Parks & Recreation" Best Mini-Series ', 'even with mainstay "Modern Family." HBO shows "Girls" and "Veep" could pull an upset with "Veep" star  Julia Louis - Dreyfus  the lead contender for best actress in a comedy. As for best actor in a comedy, even though three-time winner ', 'Family," ABC. Actor, Comedy Series: Jon Cryer, "Two and a Half Men," CBS. Actress, Comedy Series:  Julia Louis - Dreyfus , "Veep, HBO. Reality-Competition Program: "The Amazing Race," CBS. Host, Reality-Competition Program ', 'is what happens when you don\'t come to rehearsal," McFarlane said in a Stewie voice.  Julia Louis - Dreyfus  and Amy Poehler When  Julia Louis - Dreyfus  scored the Emmy for the Emmy for best actress in a comedy for "Veep," her acceptance speech ', "And with that. As being content has had no idea of being. Now he. Welcome back to what's the buzz Stephanie sigh in New York the whole Larry is series and New Adventures of Old Christine is headed into syndication and we're so happy to have to start the joining us Emmy award winning actress Julie", "comedy series are. Laura Dern and lights and Lena Dunham girls. Edie Falco nurse Jackie. Tina Fey 30 Rock.  Julia Louis - Dreyfus . The and Amy Poehler parks and restoration. Here this year's nominees for reality competition program. The ", "Lena Dunham -- girls. Edie Falco nurse Jackie. Tina Fey 30 Rock. Julia Louis-Dreyfus . The and Amy Poehler parks and restoration. Here this year's nominees for reality competition program. The Amazing Race. Shock. Dancing With The ", 'respect. No respect. Reporter: Just look at the tv show "veep." Did the president call? No. No. Reporter:  Julia louis - dreyfus  plays a v.P. With almost nothing to do. Reporter: It\'s not a new phenomenon. The very first veep dramatized ', 'at the tv show "veep." Did the president call? No. No. Reporter: Julia louis-dreyfus plays a v.P. With almost nothing to do. Reporter: It\'s not a new phenomenon. The very first veep dramatized on the hbo ', "claire danes, jon stewart, and actually, a woman under one of the better acceptance speeches in recent memory.  Julia louis - dreyfus . Take a look. How does it feel? Well, to say it's overwhelming, it is overwhelming. Amy and I planned ", "a woman under one of the better acceptance speeches in recent memory. Julia louis-dreyfus . Take a look. How does it feel? Well, to say it's overwhelming, it is overwhelming. Amy and I planned this bit together. "]