['Hits such as "Monsters University" and "Despicable Me 2" continue to be popular with moviegoers.', "Well he's perhaps best known for playing detective ray Curtis on the hit show the law and order not to mention his roles in movies like miss congeniality and traffic. But today that talented and handsome Benjamin joins us to talk about his latest project the cleaner which airs on Amy Benjamin", "previously and really I think is the best written show on TV it's so good well. Doesn't even loyal viewers and  Benjamin Bratt . At the end people all playing Gary's ex husband he's coming back to the show next season to make sure you stay ", "show on TV it's so good well. Doesn't even loyal viewers and Benjamin Bratt . At the end people all playing -- Gary's ex husband he's coming back to the show next season to make sure you ", "of women a lot of the ladies here on what's the buzz are very jealous that I have got to eight gigs you've got  Benjamin Bratt . I mean honestly is this is an overhyped embarrassment of riches I didn't really ridiculous and I can't every ", "are very jealous that I have got to eight gigs you've got Benjamin Bratt . I mean honestly is this is an overhyped embarrassment of riches I didn't really ridiculous and I can't every and we -- ", "their husband or significant male arm candy. Charlize and her boyfriend Stuart Townsend Julia Roberts and boyfriend  Benjamin Bratt  Helen Hunt and short term husband Hank Azaria. Now it just a year after 2009 Oscars. I'm so lucky to have a wonderful ", "candy. Charlize -- and her boyfriend Stuart Townsend Julia Roberts and boyfriend Benjamin Bratt Helen Hunt and short term husband Hank Azaria. Now it just a year after -- 2009 Oscars. I'm so lucky to have ", "their husband or significant male arm candy. Charlize and her boyfriend Stuart Townsend Julia Roberts and boyfriend  Benjamin Bratt  Helen Hunt and short term husband Hank Azaria. Now it just a year after 2009 Oscars. I'm so lucky to have a wonderful ", "candy. Charlize -- and her boyfriend Stuart Townsend Julia Roberts and boyfriend Benjamin Bratt Helen Hunt and short term husband Hank Azaria. Now it just a year after -- 2009 Oscars. I'm so lucky to have ", "cleaner debuts tonight. On any at 10 o'clock at stars  Benjamin Bratt . Mr. pleasure to have you here morning thank you I have not. take a look at a clip of the cleaner  Benjamin Bratt  is the star. This clip is about him trying to explain ", "show that cleaner debuts tonight. On any at 10 o'clock at stars Benjamin Bratt . Mr. -- pleasure to have you here -- morning thank you know people here this sounds tantalizing his methods. What would you ", 'have not. -- take a look at a clip of the cleaner Benjamin Bratt is the star. This clip is about him trying to explain what He does to his kids. Is that. When Lewis being ']