['Bank of America - Latest news, videos, and information- NBCNews.comSkip navigation', '(Reuters) - Bank of America Corp &lt;BAC.N&gt; said on Wednesday that its board added two directors, Clayton Rose and Pierre de Weck, effective immediately.Full story', "NEW YORK (Reuters) - Amgen Inc, the world's largest biotechnology company, has lined up Bank of America Corp, JPMorgan Chase &amp; Co and Barclays Plc to finance a potential deal for Onyx Pharmaceuticals Inc, according to three people familiar with the matter. Full story", 'Focusing on short-term results is the wrong reason to avoid active management. Full story', 'TrendingUnited AirlinesretireesSteven A. CohenEurozoneZyngaStarbucksNBCNews.com homeBrowseVideoPhotos', "Bank of America reported a 70 percent jump in profits. CNBC's Kayla Tausche reports mortgage origination jumped 6 percent this quarter, which is better than its peers JPMorgan and Citigroup.", "CNBC's Melissa Lee, Herb Greenberg and Kayla Tausche dissect the numbers on Bank of America, and CSX.", 'The S&P 500 is looking for its eight straight day of gains. The FMHR traders discuss the positive tone ahead of earnings and a mid-week Bernanke hearing. Steve DeSanctis, Bank of America weighs in on small cap stocks. DeSanctis says the "Russell 2000 w...', "Bank of America Merrill Lynch says the market will be up 24 percent 1 year from now. CNBC's Jeff Cox and Jonathan Burton, MarketWatch, provide perspective. ", "CNBC's Rick Santell reports breaks down the latest data on manufacturing and factory orders. And CNBC's Steve Liesman and BofA's Ethan Harris discuss whether the economy is showing signs of recovery.", 'The sign of a Bank of America ATM machine is pictured in downtown Los Angeles October 8, 2010.REUTERS/Fred Prouser', 'The sign of a Bank of America ATM machine is pictured in downtown Los Angeles October 8, 2010.REUTERS/Fred Prouser', 'Krawcheck, the former president of the Global Wealth & Investment Management division of Bank of America, speaks during the Reuters Wealth Management Summit in New York', 'Sallie Krawcheck, the former president of the Global Wealth & Investment Management division of Bank of America, speaks during the Reuters Wealth Management Summit in New York June 3, 2013. REUTERS/Shannon Stapleton', "A woman walks past a Bank of America banking center in New York's financial district", "A woman walks past a Bank of America banking center in New York's financial district in this January 17, 2013 file photo. Bank of America Corp reported a stronger-than-expected 70 percent rise in second-quarter profit, helped by higher revenue from equities sales and trading and a drop in expenses. ", 'Former employees of Bank of America say they were told to lie to customers about whether they could modify their loans to more affordable terms. They also paid cash bonuses to bank staffers to pushing homeowners into foreclosure.']