['Cancer found those who slept fewer than six hours a night were more likely to have colorectal polyps, which can lead to  colon cancer . The biological mechanisms are unclear, but lack of sleep has been shown to boost levels of inflammation in the body and ', 'retirement. Domingo canceled six dates in Madrid this month after being hospitalized Monday. Doctors said a blood clot caused the pulmonary embolism. Domingo has maintained an active schedule after recovering from  colon cancer  surgery in 2010.', "bundled with valuable protective substances. Mango, for example, has been shown to prevent or stop the growth of breast and  colon cancer  cells. 12 Delicious Fruit Salads and Salsa Recipes Fruit has awesome antioxidants While you'll find some of the same vitamins ", 'Cancer found those who slept fewer than six hours a night were more likely to have colorectal polyps, which can lead to  colon cancer . The biological mechanisms are unclear, but lack of sleep has been shown to boost levels of inflammation in the body and ', '2009, he was losing about 10 pounds a week. Eventually, a  colonoscopy  and a follow-up biopsy showed Crohn\'s disease. Doctors every day." But Stevens knows surgery is not a cure. A  colonoscopy  this spring showed extensive scarring and some reaction in ', 'folate. It is also a good source of vitamins A and E, two powerful antioxidants that protect against heart disease and  colon cancer . How to Enjoy Them Savor the rich, buttery flesh of this tropical fruit in smoothies and salads, or simply scoop it out ', 'separately, then a claim could get denied or partially denied. Perhaps a patient has  colon cancer  as well as diabetes, she says. Treating the  colon cancer  might be different for a diabetic patient, but unless the paperwork is coded properly ', 'think about the  colonoscopy  it would procure years." A  colonoscopy  is a procedure sensitive of three  colon cancer screening  tests recommended a result,  colorectal cancer  remains the of fear. A  colonoscopy  requires that ', 'the diamond would show up in an X-ray, only to learn that it was not visible. But coincidentally, she had a routine  colonoscopy  scheduled for the next day. "I mentioned to him [the doctor] just be on the lookout, because I swallowed the diamond ', 'their Northern Virginia-based firm in 2010. "A guy that I worked with who had a family, he was battling stage-four  colon cancer , and he lost that battle after three or four years," he said. "And in the winter of 2010, around December, he was ', 'honestly say, \'My Dad was Gay.\' "I can also say that being gay killed him," she added. Reed died in 1992 at age 59 from  colon cancer , with HIV listed as a significant contributing factor to his death. Following his death, cast members, including Florence ', 'in Arizona.  Colorectal cancer  is the second-leading diagnosed with  colorectal cancer  and 52,857 Surprisingly,  colorectal cancer  is not that director of the  Colon Cancer  Prevention Program eventually a  colonoscopy  revealed a 6 ', 'Borges, 28, seemed too young to have  colon cancer  . From January to July, the hard-working needed emergency surgery for stage-four  colon cancer . "Like anybody else who\'s 28 and million fundraising initiative to cure  colon cancer , a disease that is often hard to raise ', "Hi I'm Katie Couric with appropriate screening  colon cancer  is often preventable and when detected early highly curable. If you're fifty or older call your doctor today to schedule your appointment for a calling cancer screening. Do it for you and do it for the people you", "Hi I'm Katie Couric with appropriate screening colon cancer is often preventable and when detected early highly curable. If you're fifty or older call your doctor today to schedule your appointment ", 'of all deaths from  colon cancer  could be prevented campaign has boosted  colonoscopy  rates from 47 recommend regular  colon cancer screening  the calls to increase massages then the  colonoscopy . But the what program ', "all of us and our health more people are getting checked for colon cancer . Nearly two out of three adults age fifty and older are getting screened regularly but that means more than twenty million of us still are not. What if there is a Smart way to make it happened saving thousands of lives here's Lisa stark. It's as simple fact over half of all deaths from colon cancer could be prevented. If adults over age fifty got regularly screened. But it just doesn't happen. -- -- -- -- Think there's a certain stigma. Attached to it they don't going to have one. So state and cities are getting aggressive in -- their bombarding -- with ads my dad was 58 years old. The campaign has boosted colonoscopy rates from 47%. To 68%. In just five years. In -- in Washington it's nagging automated phone calls it's not a political pitch interrupting dinner it's this. I don't Permanente recommend regular colon cancer screening the calls to increase screening rates 30%. You can use it very inexpensive. And efficient -- To reach really millions of more people in -- some doctors offered female patients facials and massages then the colonoscopy . But the what program getting the most attention in New York City eighteen hospitals literally hand -- patients through the colonoscopy process. Answer basic questions remind them about appointments helped them deal with the cost. They're called patient navigators and they need times -- -- as. Cynthia afraid and they don't want to goes through the process without his personal help only 40% of patients showed up for their colonoscopy -- Now 85% -- It's one of the programs the CDC is now lying to figure out what will best motivate Americans ", 'of all deaths from  colon cancer  could be prevented campaign has boosted  colonoscopy  rates from 47 recommend regular  colon cancer screening  the calls to increase massages then the  colonoscopy . But the what program ', "all of us and our health more people are getting checked for colon cancer . Nearly two out of three adults age fifty and older are getting screened regularly but that means more than twenty million of us still are not. What if there is a Smart way to make it happened saving thousands of lives here's Lisa stark. It's as simple fact over half of all deaths from colon cancer could be prevented. If adults over age fifty got regularly screened. But it just doesn't happen. -- -- -- -- Think there's a certain stigma. Attached to it they don't going to have one. So state and cities are getting aggressive in -- their bombarding -- with ads my dad was 58 years old. The campaign has boosted colonoscopy rates from 47%. To 68%. In just five years. In -- in Washington it's nagging automated phone calls it's not a political pitch interrupting dinner it's this. I don't Permanente recommend regular colon cancer screening the calls to increase screening rates 30%. You can use it very inexpensive. And efficient -- To reach really millions of more people in -- some doctors offered female patients facials and massages then the colonoscopy . But the what program getting the most attention in New York City eighteen hospitals literally hand -- patients through the colonoscopy process. Answer basic questions remind them about appointments helped them deal with the cost. They're called patient navigators and they need times -- -- as. Cynthia afraid and they don't want to goes through the process without his personal help only 40% of patients showed up for their colonoscopy -- Now 85% -- It's one of the programs the CDC is now lying to figure out what will best motivate Americans ", "American screen for  colon cancer . They're too big what is known as  virtual colonoscopy . Kind of collage that bad but. Get a  colonoscopy  it's not that bad and then. In the  virtual colonoscopy  still have to put ", "It could change the way American screen for colon cancer They're too big new studies and they are talking about what is known as virtual colonoscopy . Kind of collage of cat scans. That together create a 3-D image it's a technique that some studies say works just as ", "said over and over and it's not that bad but. Get a colonoscopy -- it's not that bad but everybody thinks is going to be a method that takes. All of a concern that's not quite true because you still have to prepare for both get rid of all contents they still have to drink the co -- -- and then. In the virtual colonoscopy still have to put a little tube in the -- and put air in two. Open it up -- -- as we ", 'patients who died of  colon cancer . With more than 50000 subjects. They found that  colonoscopy  dramatically cut the researchers estimate  colonoscopy  may be only sixty to effective for reducing  colon cancer  death. Not 90% effective However rates of  colonoscopy  screening were extremely ', 'Colon cancer is called in the early stages have an excellent chance for pure as high as 90%. But new research from Canada finds colonoscopy is may not be as effective for detecting colon polyps as previously believed. Researchers compared about 101000 patients who died of colon cancer . With more than 50000 healthy control subjects. They found that colonoscopy dramatically cut the death crisper cancers on the left side of the colon. But had no effect on cancers on the right side of the Colin. As a result researchers estimate colonoscopy may be only sixty to 70% effective for reducing colon cancer death. Not 90% effective as other studies have found. However rates of colonoscopy screening were extremely poor in this study. Just 7% of those who died and nine point 8% of those who were alive had received a colonoscopy . So the exact effectiveness of colonoscopy remains unknown. But experts agree that a 60% reduction would still be very impressive. As more than double the effectiveness of mammograms ', "your family has had  colon cancer  that's a reason cancer I had to have a  colonoscopy  before my surgery and had a second  colonoscopy . Just about a month breast cancer why do need  colon cancer screening  but you risk actually ", "And America's health this morning taking appear out of getting a colonoscopy on the most important things you can do when you turn fifty if not before. It's getting screened for colon cancer it's -- second leading cause of cancer deaths in the US and many of those deaths are preventable. Here's -- senior health and medical editor doctor Richard Bessie Hedrick first fourth. I did you know Robin I'm I'm fifty now so I made an appointment to get a colonoscopy . The actual procedure took place yesterday -- wanted to take you through what actually happened. Demystify the experience if you will so that people out there are no it's -- simple. It's relatively painless and in just fifteen minutes could save your life. The preparation begins the -- before the screening. Hi how are you. -- -- -- I'm here to get my medicine the most common preparation for colonoscopy is a gallon of liquid solution just add water drink any cleans after Colin. What kind of things -- -- hear from ", 'on the fears -- prevents millions of Americans from being screened for colon cancer but studies show that a screening -- improve tens of thousands of lives could be saved. You know they hear from their ', "it reduces your risk of cancer by 90%. Now the reason that colon cancer screening is done it's it's is to look for this and this is is what a colon cancer actually looks like. And it's a growth so it looks like a pile up gone bad enough could go take that out ", 'at risk for  colon cancer  and some cases to change.  Colon cancer screening  rate well this we know that  colon cancer  is a largely to undergo  colonoscopy  now. Right what about  virtual colonoscopy  is a lot of ', "your bottom line to patients out there who are preparing to undergo colonoscopy now. Right well the -- has been one of the problems in getting people to come in for there exam. But I must say for an exam that needs to occur on average every five to ten years it is critical. That you complete your preparation to the best of your abilities because your examination. And your doctor and all the equipment that He has. Pails in comparison to your ability to get the -- as clean as. Possible. Now what about virtual colonoscopy is a lot of people are much more willing to go have an X ray test than they are obviously to have a colonoscopy Is virtual colonoscopy going to be as good picking up these flat lesions as they are the -- X ray holly so that's that's a great question I think that these sorts of findings the flat polyps are are one of the Achilles heels. Virtual colonoscopy . And it's gonna raise the question of how effective this is on on a screening level for everybody but. -- -- must be stills going to be part of of how we check people for colon cancer Yes and with only 50% of people getting their screening. Getting a virtual colonoscopy is surely better than doing nothing. Rights the bottom line message is that the best screening -- is the one that gets done there are a variety of ways to look for for polyps. And to look for colon cancer colonoscopy is still considered the best. So talking about the best how do you find. A doctor we've seen in the literature that doctors vary widely in their ability to do a good viewing -- and asking how do you find -- good doctor. Right well that's an important question holly I I think that. That that these issues have been raised by the societies that trained doctors and those of us who do colonoscopy are well aware of this problem David. Thank you so much -- so authority in -- we are going to have to "]