['Deutsche Bank - Latest news, videos, and information- NBCNews.comSkip navigation', 'Bank of America is appointing a Harvard professor and a former Deutsche Bank executive to its board.', "(Reuters) - Germany's biggest lender, Deutsche Bank &lt;DBKGn.DE&gt;, is expected to announce during its second-quarter results its plans to reach a minimum 3 percent overall equity to loans ratio in the next two and a half years, the Financial Times reported on Sunday, citing people briefed on the ", 'TrendingUnited AirlinesretireesSteven A. CohenEurozoneZyngaStarbucksNBCNews.com homeBrowseVideoPhotos', "Ben Pace, Deutsche Bank; Paul Dietrich, Fairfax Global Markets; and CNBC's Mandy Drury break down today's markets after the close. Jay Vleeschhouwer, Griffin Securities; and Gene Munster, Piper Jaffray, take a look at tech sectors after disappointing e...", "Bill Schmitz, Deutsche Bank, breaks down Coca-Cola's second quarter earnings and weighs in on what's likely knocking down the price of the stock.", "The Nasdaq 100 has seen 14-straight winning days, and the rally is rolling right on. Joe Lavorgna, Deutsche Bank; Chad Morganlander, Stifel Nicolaus; and CNBC's Seema Mody, discuss the catalysts for the recent market action.", "Rounding up the latest economic data, with CNBC's Steve Liesman, Jane Wells and Courtney Reagan. Dan Greenhaus, BTIG, and Joseph LaVorgna, Deutsche Bank, discuss. ", "Breaking down the record day on Wall Street, with Ben Pace, Deutsche Bank, John Spallanzani, GFI Group, CNBC's Mandy Drury, and Gordon Charlop, Rosenblatt Securities.", 'File photo of statue  in front of the former headquarters of Deutsche Bank in Frankfurt', "File photo of a statue in front of the former headquarters of Germany's largest business bank, Deutsche Bank in Frankfurt, January 28, 2013. Deutsche Bank, plans to shrink its balance sheet substantially over the next two and a half years to comply with new rules to make banks more crisis-resistant,", 'File photo of the headquarters of Deutsche Bank AG in Frankfurt May 25, 2013. Deutsche Bank, plans to shrink its balance sheet substantially over the next two and a half years to comply with new rules to make banks more crisis-resistant, sources familiar with the bank said July 22, 2013.  REUTERS/Ra', 'File photo of headquarters of Deutsche Bank seen behind an emergency telephone in Frankfurt', "File photo of the headquarters of Germany's largest business bank, Deutsche Bank seen behind an emergency telephone in Frankfurt January 30, 2013. Deutsche Bank, plans to shrink its balance sheet substantially over the next two and a half years to comply with new rules to make banks more crisis-resi", "File photo of sign marking a cash point in front of the headquarters of Germany's largest business bank, Deutsche Bank in Frankfurt", "File photo of a sign marking a cash point in front of the headquarters of Germany's largest business bank, Deutsche Bank in Frankfurt February 19, 2013. Deutsche Bank, plans to shrink its balance sheet substantially over the next two and a half years to comply with new rules to make banks more crisi"]