["himself, who made a promise to his daughters to turn their favorite book into what became the 1964 classic starring  Julie Andrews  and Dick Van Dyke. The film's trailer shows off Hanks' transformation, vintage mustache included, alongside Emma ", 'correcting [those] ills.\'" Obama is also set to address the Naval Academy graduation on May 24.  Julie Andrews  Award winning actress  Julie Andrews  addressed the class of 2013 at the University of Colorado at Boulder on May 10 and urged them to ', 'they walk onto the stage to announce the winner. Contact is usually minimal but Rosas said his favorites have been  Julie Andrews  ("charming, nice and unbelievably gracious") and Russell Crowe ("loose and friendly"). Oltmanns\' favorite ', 'alone on the dress cost too much to keep it. Dresses from "The Sound of Music" and "A Place in the Sun," worn by  Julie Andrews  and Elizabeth Taylor, respectively, will also be featured in the auction and are expected to fetch between $20 ', 'paralyzed his vocal nerve last spring. He also became  Julie Andrews \' doctor after a routine surgery ruined her famous singing chemical engineering professor Robert Langer, won\'t make  Julie Andrews  sing like she did in "The Sound of Music" just yet ', "From Adele to KISS's Paul Stanley: Why Are So Many Award-Winning Singers Undergoing Vocal Cord Surgery?", 'the vocal cord wounds with minimal risk. "But we always use surgery as a last option, because everyone knows about  Julie Andrews \' voice," he said. Andrews, the star of the original "The Sound of Music" and "Mary Poppins" films, lost her ', 'movies, I mean, on my Facebook profile it is listed as one of my all-time favorite movies. So getting to interview  Julie Andrews  and her lovely daughter and co-author Emma was really a memorable moment. They exhibit a lovely mother-daughter ', 'Oh My Stephanie,\'" Gibson suggested. "You think I didn\'t?" Wonder replied. He was there for the reunion of  Julie Andrews  and the grown-up actors who played the Von Trapp family in the "Sound of Music." Andrews led them all, Gibson ', "Her movies of delighted generations of children and adults including me dame  Julie Andrews  and her daughter Emma Walton Hamilton are inspiring kids everywhere to read. And it's all because of their adorable children's ", "Her movies of delighted generations of children and adults including me dame Julie Andrews and her daughter Emma Walton Hamilton are inspiring kids everywhere to read. And it's all because of their adorable children's books. And ", "The mother-daughter duo have collaborated on more than a dozen children's books.", "Julie Andrews  you don't know her autobiography just out today it has called home. A memoir of my early years. And we welcome her back to ", "-- Julie Andrews you don't know her autobiography just out today it has called home. A memoir of my early years. And we welcome her ", "Julie Andrews  and her daughter Emma Walton Hamilton have teamed up to write another children's book. This titled the very fairy princess takes ", "Julie Andrews and her daughter Emma Walton Hamilton have teamed up to write another children's book. This -- titled the very fairy princess takes ", "celebrities that I had admired her like Tom Cruise a Barbara Streisand People that I never thought I would get to know  Julie Andrews  like. That I had my whole life I thought oh my lord if I could ever doubt that's not to say that I I didn't know ", "Streisand -- People that I never thought I would get to know Julie Andrews like. That I had my whole life I thought oh my lord if I could ever doubt that's not to say that ", "that we like. We need and we started to him. Traveling. We're seeing it. Wanted to close up but He really did  Julie Andrews  they so much toward my thing was I'm always on the road I'm always traveling and that's good yeah yeah. It's ", "Traveling. We're seeing it. Wanted to close up but He really did Julie Andrews they -- -- -- -- -- so much toward my thing was I'm always on the road I'm always traveling and that's ", "the first time in And She's. All of us and porous  Julie Andrews  and the take a look and a listen. Yeah. This is already and Am someone who no they are the smiles we get when  Julie Andrews  sings the blues musical hill. And the godfather of ", "time in -- And -- She's. All of us and -- porous Julie Andrews and the -- take a look and a listen. Yeah. This is already building about the Oscar contenders. They -- the movies ", '-- someone who no -- they are the smiles we get when Julie Andrews sings the blues musical hill. -- -- -- -- -- -- And the godfather of all great lines. -- make an offer ']