["The mother-daughter duo have collaborated on more than a dozen children's books.", "Julie Andrews  you don't know her autobiography just out today it has called home. A memoir of my early years. And we welcome her back to ", "-- Julie Andrews you don't know her autobiography just out today it has called home. A memoir of my early years. And we welcome her ", "Julie Andrews  and her daughter Emma Walton Hamilton have teamed up to write another children's book. This titled the very fairy princess takes ", "Julie Andrews and her daughter Emma Walton Hamilton have teamed up to write another children's book. This -- titled the very fairy princess takes ", "celebrities that I had admired her like Tom Cruise a Barbara Streisand People that I never thought I would get to know  Julie Andrews  like. That I had my whole life I thought oh my lord if I could ever doubt that's not to say that I I didn't know ", "Streisand -- People that I never thought I would get to know Julie Andrews like. That I had my whole life I thought oh my lord if I could ever doubt that's not to say that ", "that we like. We need and we started to him. Traveling. We're seeing it. Wanted to close up but He really did  Julie Andrews  they so much toward my thing was I'm always on the road I'm always traveling and that's good yeah yeah. It's ", "Traveling. We're seeing it. Wanted to close up but He really did Julie Andrews they -- -- -- -- -- so much toward my thing was I'm always on the road I'm always traveling and that's ", "the first time in And She's. All of us and porous  Julie Andrews  and the take a look and a listen. Yeah. This is already and Am someone who no they are the smiles we get when  Julie Andrews  sings the blues musical hill. And the godfather of ", "time in -- And -- She's. All of us and -- porous Julie Andrews and the -- take a look and a listen. Yeah. This is already building about the Oscar contenders. They -- the movies ", '-- someone who no -- they are the smiles we get when Julie Andrews sings the blues musical hill. -- -- -- -- -- -- And the godfather of all great lines. -- make an offer ', "the icons like embracing scarlet in gone with the wind you should be Am someone who no they the smiles we get when  Julie Andrews  sings the musical hill. Witness son you lose you. And the godfather of all great lines. good enough we can't refuse ", '-- someone who no -- they -- the smiles we get when Julie Andrews sings the -- musical hill. Witness son -- you lose you. And the godfather of all great lines. -- good enough we ', "vocal wounds with minimal risk and still it's a last resort. Thanks to the cautionary tale of sound of music star  Julie Andrews . The singing voice was damaged after surgery in 1997. But it's never too late to look after your voice. Seve superstars ", "last resort. Thanks to the cautionary tale of sound of music star Julie Andrews . The singing voice was damaged after surgery in 1997. But it's never too late to look after your voice. Seve superstars -- ", "seven near rich. Judy dress and ruby red slippers with the with the war in the wizard and I don't wanna be true.  Julie Andrews  guitar address from the sound of music. Ten and DNE. Mailing. The golden sun. He was the Taylor's previous head ", "war in the wizard -- and -- I don't wanna be true. Julie Andrews guitar address from the sound of music. Ten and DNE. Mailing. The golden sun. He was the Taylor's previous head dress code ", "accessories line with her daughter Lourdes and called what. And celebrities from Jamie Lee Curtis to Christie Yamaguchi  Julie Andrews  have written children's books Celebrity stylist and new mom Rachel so it really is famous people she dresses. Thanks ", "-- -- And celebrities from Jamie Lee Curtis to Christie Yamaguchi -- Julie Andrews have written children's books -- Celebrity stylist and new mom Rachel so it really is famous people she dresses. Thanks to her ", "and the petty little minds the other liberals that then it certainly didn't. Yeah. Guess my favorite being with  Julie Andrews  in the actors now grown up. Who played the Von Trapp family in the sound of music that that was slowly dissolve into ", "-- it certainly didn't. Yeah. Guess my favorite -- -- being with Julie Andrews in the actors now grown up. Who played the Von Trapp family in the sound of music -- that -- that was ", 'horizons and keep you cook. Folks and make great gifts because the wisdom wisdom to wonder. Give the gift of one.  Julie Andrews  and her daughter Emma Walton. All speaking out for books make great gifts initiatives sponsored by the Association ', 'wisdom -- to wonder. Give the gift of one. -- -- -- Julie Andrews and her daughter Emma Walton. All speaking out for -- books make great gifts -- initiatives sponsored by the Association of American ', "the and hey Mo money as Stefan neo liberals that then it certainly didn't. This. Yes my favorite S or being with  Julie Andrews  in the actors now grown up. Who played the Von Trapp family in the sound of music that was slowly dissolve into this ", "-- it certainly didn't. This. Yes my favorite S or being with Julie Andrews in the actors now grown up. Who played the Von Trapp family in the sound of music -- that was slowly dissolve ", "FedEx delivers your favorite things yeah. Of course he's roaming ideas suggestions really and an important footnote  Julie Andrews  sold separately to. And what about the number one spot a Forbes list evolved here's a hint He invented the notion ", "yeah. Of course he's roaming ideas suggestions really and an important footnote Julie Andrews sold separately to. And what about the number one spot a Forbes list evolved here's a hint He invented the notion of ", "yelling at them Broken Arrow, Oklahoma. Not a lot of. People are listening to Barbara Streisand. Judy Garland and  Julie Andrews  I remember thinking Barbara Streisand was so unique she didn't look like everybody else and I liked that they can ", "a lot of. People are listening to Barbara Streisand. Judy Garland and Julie Andrews I remember thinking Barbara Streisand was so unique she didn't look like everybody else and I liked that they can direct heat. ", "mom's place and and the acting bug. In 2001 and she was literally crowned. The next big thing and cast opposite  Julie Andrews  in the princess diaries she was eighteen. That's shut. It was a huge hit so she played appearances again in the ", "and she was literally crowned. The next big thing and cast opposite Julie Andrews in the princess diaries she was eighteen. That's shut. It was a huge hit so she played appearances again in the secret ", "so entertaining. They ended up is one way to get the real don't load don't load. Now you'll be later. I'm  Julie Andrews  show in the 1970s some guest star rehearsals. Doctor Donna was both an editor stand fan yeah. It's not. or express ", "real -- don't load don't load. Now you'll be -- later. I'm Julie Andrews show in the 1970s some guest star rehearsals. -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- ", 'stars Christina Aguilera Justin Timberlake and Leann Rimes and had to cancel shows in the past. And even legends like  Julie Andrews  and Frank Sinatra. Zone under level team who were damaged. Young country sensation Billy Gilman lost two years of ', 'and had to cancel shows in the past. And even legends like Julie Andrews and Frank Sinatra. Zone under level -- team who were damaged. Young country sensation Billy Gilman lost two years of his career ', "aspect as well because you can imagine as an actor getting into head. The songwriter award the person's saying it but  Julie Andrews  and musical whenever you can. If you can be seen. The other part Natal bison attacks. But you know it's just it ", "getting into -- head. The songwriter award the person's saying it but Julie Andrews and -- musical whenever you can. If you can be seen. The other part Natal bison attacks. But you know it's just "]