["Actors Robert Downey Jr. and Sir  Ben Kingsley  attend a photocall on the roof of The Ritz Carlton hotel during the Russia Tour for Iron Man 3, April 10, 2013, in Moscow, Russia. (Oleg Nikishin/Epsilon/Getty Images) Click to see more from ABC's Today in Pictures", 'trapped Gwenyth Paltrow, as Pepper Potts, and the back of Mandarin\'s head, the villain in the film who is played by  Ben Kingsley . Robert Downey Jr. is seen sporting an updated Iron Man suit and fielding questions from the media. "Marvel\'s \'Iron ', 'air about his nuclear energy program, he takes with him his trusted right-hand man and uncle, Tamir, played by  Ben Kingsley , but it turns out Tamir really is not to be trusted. Aladeen also has a body double whose sole purpose in life is take ', 'list last night in bed and Samantha said \'the star from my favorite movie is going to be there.\' "I said \'Is it  Ben Kingsley  from Gandhi or Peter O\'Toole from Lawrence of Arabia?\'" Said his wife: "No, it\'s Chevy Chase from Caddyshack ', 'Twilight Saga: Eclipse." The first has Jake Gyllenhaal in an armor-accessorized muscle shirt fighting to stop the evil  Ben Kingsley  from unleashing an epic sandstorm. It\'s abs of steel versus Ghandi gone bad. As for the latest installment of the ', 'Director: Mike Newell Starring: Jake Gyllenhaal, Gemma Arterton,  Ben Kingsley , Alfred Molina Synopsis: Based on the video game, which follows an adventurous prince who teams up with a rival princess to ', 'Williams has established herself as the least flashy and most emotionally riveting actress of her generation. Says Sir  Ben Kingsley , who first worked with her in "Species," when she was twelve, and is her costar in "Shutter Island," "There\'s ', 'shown here) has been short-listed as one of the new wonders of nature. The event included appearances by actors  Ben Kingsley  and Hilary Swank as well as a performance by Jennifer Lopez. For those curious, the seven man-made wonders are Chichen ', 'Nickelodeon\'s Drake & Josh) stars as a marijuana dealer who trades weed for therapy with his psychiatrist, Dr. Squires ( Ben Kingsley ), before falling for the doctor\'s stepdaughter (Juno best friend Olivia Thirlby). "She is kind of a learning experience ', 'as something else, and that speaks to him as an actor." Producer Cindy Cowan, whose credits include the upcoming  Ben Kingsley -Jim Sturgess film "Fifty Dead Men Walking," sees the same potential in Dakota Fanning (5.58) and Abigail Breslin ', "and they face a new foe, the mandarin played by sir  ben kingsley . Take a look. The path is clear. Master is traveling waiting for? That's it. In a nutshelby the way, sir  ben kingsley , good enough to join us this morning. We see in there ", "are we waiting for? That's it. In a nutshelby the way, sir ben kingsley , good enough to join us this morning. We see in there he has all the affecttations of movie bad guy, terrorist bad ", "the rest of the I'm you how that situation happened banking easily and by the and he is terrific and I love you sir  Ben Kingsley  and Iron Man three opens Peter yeah. I recommend its fiftieth anniversary of Weight Watchers it is the tried and true ", 'by the -- and he is terrific and I love you sir Ben Kingsley and Iron Man three opens Peter yeah. I recommend -- its fiftieth anniversary of Weight Watchers it is the tried and true ', "princess's. Leon Harris and lady there's for everybody aren't Gary but you also had two mastery British accent yes sir  Ben Kingsley  said you actually get it fantastically well that's an honor yes. I did work very hard on that I know scrutinizing ", "aren't Gary but you also had two mastery British accent yes sir Ben Kingsley said you actually get it fantastically well that's an honor yes. I did work very hard on that I know -- scrutinizing ", "where they smell things they say. When they say nothing at all Well let's talk about this this new it's in the us  Ben Kingsley . you know because it and they definitely does and step dad. And asked him. Yes yes. It was a really fun dynamic ", "this this new -- it's in the -- -- -- us -- Ben Kingsley . -- you know because it and they definitely does and -- -- step dad. And asked him. Yes yes. It was a ", "are aren't afraid to read make themselves and try on different kind of try on different characters in People like  Ben Kingsley  in Woody Harrelson and Angela Mortimer especially in the end you know they are willing to sit take chances are the kind ", 'on different kind of try on different characters in -- People like Ben Kingsley in Woody Harrelson and Angela Mortimer especially in the end you know they are willing to sit take chances are the kind ', "shocked. As we were just in the middle of an interview with that two of the young actors here who in the movie with  Ben Kingsley  with the there'll be. Great you know best friend in you know it's one of them and just hectic the other and we ", "two of the young actors here who -- in the movie with Ben Kingsley -- -- with the there'll be. Great you know best friend in you know it's one of them and just hectic the ", "Rudy Giuliani period in which I again a young man. Who is a dealer in pot. Goes to a psychotherapist played by sir  Ben Kingsley  and it gets is if there He for free but for giving us the shrink Cut and that's the basic plot the romance that happens ", "is a dealer in pot. Goes to a psychotherapist played by sir Ben Kingsley and it gets is if there He -- for free but for giving us the shrink -- Cut and that's the basic "]