['incredibly clever to have hired a  Julianne Moore  there in this story one of the best actresses. And here they are  Julianne Moore  and great. Here and I think I portraying you know and watched by  Julianne Moore  planes are and on the plane ', "by Angie roach who had. Was incredibly clever to have hired a Julianne Moore -- -- there in this story one of the best actresses. And here they are Julianne Moore and great. Here and I think I -- -- good and I I work is done. -- and -- honest. Yeah we'll ", 'where we have Tina Fey portraying -- you know and watched by Julianne Moore planes are -- and on the plane. Both in a way to go into that but also as an important character moments ', "Congratulations. advance. To seize the moment was meeting about the moment. At I mean it's. It's. Six I. What an eye witness TV dad really Smart writing. Yeah. But how does it now. Now I now relax So now what what's the I I think that at parties. To your New York asked 58. Here advocates are now", 'life. And "gma" anchors by day. Yes. I\'m hoping they would cue that up. On sunday, you might have learned  julianne moore  bagged an emmy. And then, she bagged an emmy again. She was spotted sporting her emmy. She brown-bagged it and ', 'hoping they would cue that up. On sunday, you might have learned julianne moore bagged an emmy. And then, she bagged an emmy again. She was spotted sporting her emmy. She brown-bagged it and walked through ', "Has writing these Three children's books made you want to venture into other kinds of writing like maybe a memoir. That you know I saw this great Maurice Sendak documentary and somebody asked him knew why He wrote children's books and at least it's a fascinating character and and He. He you hearing", "No this latest furcal phase strawberry book is the third in the series so far what's right and this is best friends for aha. And what I was taken with reading all three of them were some of the themes again in a very simple children's book He wound up being able to talk about. Tolerance. Inclusive", "I've been so taken with how much faith as part of this current election campaign. Again all of these candidates on mountain and Mitt Romney's Mormon doesn't want that and I read. That you have an upcoming project we the place our payment rate for HBO yes. Does does that kind of force you to look at", "Hi welcome to focus on faith on father Edward back. Recently I sat down with an actress who never disappoints  Julianne Moore  has been nominated for four Oscars six Golden Globes. At that she is in New York Times best selling children's ", "Edward back. Recently I sat down with an actress who never disappoints Julianne Moore has been nominated for four Oscars six Golden Globes. At -- that she is in New York Times best selling children's book ", 'is the premise of the aptly titled movie. Blindness gripping new action movie thriller. Four time Oscar nominee  Julianne Moore  heads it up. It is the latest in a string of films boogie nights the hours so many in which she proves once again ', 'titled movie. Blindness gripping new action movie thriller. Four time Oscar nominee Julianne Moore heads it up. It is the latest in a string of films boogie nights the hours so many in which she proves ', 'Chloe Grace Moretz,  Julianne Moore  star in latest adaptation of the Stephen King novel.', "have a red carpet for Chloe Davies is that if you  Julianne Moore  they do. Yeah and it happens next. Standalone it's it's really about. And the chemistry between  Julianne Moore  Amanda well I think Seahawks if you've got your ", 'like have a red carpet for Chloe Davies is that if you Julianne Moore they do. Yeah and it happens next. Standalone. -- -- -- have one question I was actually going off something He said ', "kind of it's it's it's it's really about. And the chemistry between Julianne Moore Amanda well I think Seahawks -- -- -- -- if you've got your look at the world you have more than I ", 'the english teacher." A new movie starring  julianne moore  and nathan lane.  Julianne moore  as a teacher. You team up with a drama teacher welcome the stars. Four-time oscar nominee,  julianne moore . And tony nominee, nathan lane. Thank you ', 'The play\'s the thing, in "the english teacher." A new movie starring julianne moore and nathan lane. Julianne moore as a teacher. You team up with a drama teacher, played by nathan. And you put it on at the high school. ', "it's time. So it is to welcome the stars. Four-time oscar nominee, julianne moore . And tony nominee, nathan lane. Thank you for being here. Thank you. Very fun cast. I understand that you two, this was a love match. You would think you were brother and sister in another life. Oh. Oh, boy. That's just the gin talking. Well, it was love at first sight. We hit it off. I did the movie because i wanted the opportunity to work with the great julianne moore . And I stalked him. I sent a message through his manager, this is coming from me personally. I personally want him to ", 'last 16 years even -- ch chopard has been using the hot event to showcase its fine gels. Draping superstars like  julianne moore  and cindy crawford in eye-popping ice. Ooh-la-la. But the jeweler says none of the missing loot valued by ', 'using the hot event to showcase its fine gels. Draping superstars like julianne moore and cindy crawford in eye-popping ice. Ooh-la-la. But the jeweler says none of the missing loot valued by investigators at over a ', 'and this flash of color for the shoes. She was just extraordinarily beautiful. Reporter: No game changer here,  julianne moore  stuck with the designer dior in this pocketed frock, but her toes, not quite as comfortable. Unfortunately the ', 'the shoes. She was just extraordinarily beautiful. Reporter: No game changer here, julianne moore stuck with the designer dior in this pocketed frock, but her toes, not quite as comfortable. Unfortunately the shoes were a little ', "is stylist to the stars designer expert there really some cleaning gorgeous lines on your things and now. Not only  Julianne Moore  and the First Lady and many many more can Derek but. Everybody can because he's got a new line out of calls it's ", "really some cleaning gorgeous lines on your things and now. Not only Julianne Moore and the First Lady and many many more can -- Derek -- but. Everybody can because he's got a new line out ", 'actor in a comedy series. Ben Affleck took home some awards a whole cast in four Fargo and he really good movie and  Julianne Moore  won best female actor in TV movie. Four game Jay big winners last night Tommy Lee Jones for and a away for late may ', 'cast in four Fargo and -- -- he really good movie and Julianne Moore won best female actor in TV movie. Four game Jay -- big winners last night Tommy Lee Jones for -- and a ', "have a true philosophy when it comes to red carpet dressing. Will you share it with everybody? It's interesting.  Julianne moore  talked about her stylist on the red carpet. Now that we know celebrities have stylists, we don't necessarily think ", "to red carpet dressing. Will you share it with everybody? It's interesting. Julianne moore talked about her stylist on the red carpet. Now that we know celebrities have stylists, we don't necessarily think they're going to "]