['their heads. Put on their children as well be my child the lone star columns like Sarah Jessica Parker Salma Hayek and  Julia Roberts  have butted heads with the caps over their children just weeks ago Halley Berry who has publicly sparred with photographers ', 'the lone star -- columns like Sarah Jessica Parker Salma Hayek and Julia Roberts have butted heads with the caps over their children just weeks ago Halley Berry who has publicly sparred with photographers trying to ', "shot. Have moving on let's talk about Erin Brockovich a lot of you probably remember the movie Brockovich starring  Julia Roberts  she's obviously real life person there she is 52 years old she was arrested in Nevada. Four. Boating under the ", "-- a lot of you probably remember the movie -- Brockovich starring Julia Roberts she's obviously real life person there she is 52 years old she was arrested in Nevada. Four. Boating under the influence sessions ", "We're really give the  Julia Roberts  had a chance to balance her new movie mirror learning about mom and make a movie star.  Julia Roberts  America's sweethearts  Julia roberts ' evil queen. In mirror mirror takes to an ", "We're really give the Julia Roberts had a chance to balance her new movie mirror mirror comes out tomorrow I think your take guys know why don't we sat down -- opened -- after -- -- here. What they're learning about mom and make a movie star. Julia Roberts America's sweethearts Julia roberts' evil queen. In mirror mirror -- takes to an incredible Snow White fantasy world and her three children -- along for the ", "sit down with one of America's favorite movie stars  Julia Roberts  is about to delight fans again in a surprising way He hated us and won an Oscar as Erin Brockovich now  Julia Roberts  is the ultimate over the top evil queen in mirror mirror ", "the chance to sit down with one of America's favorite movie stars Julia Roberts is about to delight fans again in a surprising way. She plays the evil queen in a brand new and funny take on Snow White called mirror mirror. He -- kind of talk about that the big anniversary she has coming up with -- husband Danny motor. And what she's totally obsessed with right now. She stole our hearts and pretty woman. He hated us and won an Oscar as Erin Brockovich now Julia Roberts is the ultimate over the top evil queen in mirror mirror and. Focus group -- six girls watching and my wife and ", "This many they have referred to  Julia Roberts  over the years as America's sweetheart and that's hard to disagree with. Unless you happen to be this dog this do you love. And now unload them. The. Okay. It's. Yeah. You. You know.", "This -- many they have referred to Julia Roberts over the years as America's sweetheart and that's hard to disagree with. Unless you happen to be this dog this -- do ", "summer's premier match mega star  Julia Roberts  mega book Eat Pray Love. The Bratton via. Hard to believe  Julia Roberts  first broke right more than twenty a lot more of my conversation  Julia Roberts  catch up on her marriage and in ", "It is this summer's premier match -- mega star Julia Roberts -- mega book Eat Pray Love. The movie premieres this -- and I had the chance to talk -- Julie about the ", "-- and -- -- things that Bratton via. Hard to believe -- Julia Roberts first broke right more than twenty years ago a superstar right from the start. She's lived her entire adult life in the ", 'big me. And we will have a lot more of my conversation Julia Roberts catch up on her marriage and -- in coming up on Wednesday. And now you can go to abcnews.com slash GMA for ', 'featuring two of the most beautiful woman in the world  Julia Roberts  and turley. Gonna go to gets more on this and but it most beautiful and famous faces international superstar  Julia Roberts  and supermodel Christie totaling ten so why would these ', "magazine ads featuring two of the most beautiful woman in the world Julia Roberts and -- turley. Gonna go to gets -- more on this and but it would be and it's hard to see whether ", "They're -- of the world's most beautiful and famous faces international superstar Julia Roberts and supermodel Christie totaling ten so why would these photos of them be bend in the UK take a look at their ", "last night here in New York. You know for the movie  Julia Roberts  ran to Italy India and Bali four months of shooting Gilbert couple months ago and what it was like to see  Julia Roberts . Clinging said it was very very New Year's. To have ", 'held last night here in New York. You know for the movie Julia Roberts ran -- to Italy India and Bali four months of shooting -- film all around. The world for realities -- she insisted ', "months ago and -- -- -- what it was like to see Julia Roberts . Clinging -- said it was very very New Year's. To have you photo -- into her life but. How much -- did ", "Even it was Real quick here  Julia Roberts  everything Hollywood she's overseas doing a commercial like a lot of US stars all she in the commercial for the coffee is sip coffee and smiled. One million bucks for a commercial it to America's. Easy easy money. We need that.", "Even -- it was -- -- Real quick here Julia Roberts everything Hollywood -- she's overseas doing a commercial like a lot of US stars all she -- in the commercial for the ", 'a trailer went out with her stripping and got all kinds of attention but it is -- you know, this is sort of like  julia roberts  playing a prostitute in "pretty woman." The is jason sudeikis, his third movie with jennifer aniston, by the way ', 'attention but it is -- you know, this is sort of like julia roberts playing a prostitute in "pretty woman." The is jason sudeikis, his third movie with jennifer aniston, by the way, "horrible bosses." He ', 'Lily Collins explains becoming fairytale character, working with  Julia Roberts .', "pounds nearly a foot long it took ten hours to charge. And as we look back from Gordon Gekko in Wall Street's to  Julia Roberts  and my best friend's wedding. They just remind all of Moscow teams we're going to look forty years. Today. And ", "we look back from Gordon Gekko in Wall Street's -- -- to Julia Roberts and my best friend's wedding. They just remind all of Moscow -- teams we're going to look forty years. Today. And coming ", 'started a kitty catfight with her then-rival, 3-year-old. Calling her a hooker after her mother dressed her up as  julia roberts  from "pretty woman." The comments came straight from isabella\'s mom. And the negative press led susanna to pull ', '3-year-old. Calling her a hooker after her mother dressed her up as julia roberts from "pretty woman." The comments came straight from isabella\'s mom. And the negative press led susanna to pull her daughter off the ', "cellular telephone. Of course that phone weighed 2.5 pounds, was nearly a foot long and took ten hours to charge. To  julia roberts  in my best friend's wedding, they just remind all of us how clunky we're going to look 40 years from today.", "was nearly a foot long and took ten hours to charge. To julia roberts in my best friend's wedding, they just remind all of us how clunky we're going to look 40 years from today. ", "is one of the last remaining. Grant the states the The silver screen stars of today seem to prefer cliffs Exhibit a  Julia Roberts  twenty million dollars edifice and Adam displays nearby exits into the glass. And that news Downey junior he's rubbing ", "of today seem to prefer cliffs -- -- -- -- Exhibit a Julia Roberts twenty million dollars edifice and Adam -- displays nearby exits into the glass. And that news -- -- Downey junior he's rubbing "]