['founder Julian Assange, will open the festival. John Wells\' "August: Osage County," which stars Meryl Streep and  Julia Roberts , is among the 16 galas announced Tuesday. Also to premiere at Toronto is the Nelson Mandela biopic "Long Walk to ', 'police source told the New York Daily News that both people had light injuries. Roberts, 22, is the niece of actress  Julia Roberts  and daughter of actor Eric Roberts. She has been dating Peters, 26, her "American Horror Story" co-star, since ', 'star kids. But now, A-list parents are fighting back. Celebrity moms like Sarah Jessica Parker, Salma Hayek and  Julia Roberts  have butted heads with the paparazzi over their children. Halle Berry Testifies for Stronger Anti-Paparazzi Laws ', 'extra in Boston, Damon didn\'t get his first movie role until he was 18, in the movie "Mystic Pizza," starring  Julia Roberts  . In his latest movie, "Elysium," playing opposite Jodie Foster , Damon got the chance to ask the former child ', "with Pacific Gas & Electric over polluting the water supply of a California town was turned into a 2000 film starring  Julia Roberts , for which the actress won an Academy Award. ABC News' attempts to reach Brockovich-Ellis were not succesful.", "faces. But let's be real. Her circumstances -- and those of any number of adults actively seeking to recreate a  Julia Roberts  vehicle -- a completely different from that of a child enmeshed in a predatory relationship with a wealthy pedophile ", 'Battleship." His role in Oliver Stone\'s "Savages," however earned him praise. He will also star opposite  Julia Roberts  and Mark Ruffalo in 2014\'s "The Normal Heart." However, Kitsch has expressed mixed feelings about appearing in ', 'for \'Hooker\' Costume Wendy Dickey had dressed her daughter, Paisley, in a costume that mimicked that of actress  Julia Roberts \' prostitute character in the movie "Pretty Woman." Paisley appeared in the 2011 pageant in the costume that was ', 'Michelle Pfeiffer, 54, who actually has grabbed "Most Beautiful" honors twice. (The actress with the most covers?  Julia Roberts , who has four.) Robin Roberts "I think the most beautiful person in the world is Robin Roberts," wrote Brenda ', 'Favorite Villain Reed Alexander, "iCarly" Simon Cowell, "The X Factor" Tom Hiddleston, "Marvel\'s The Avengers"  Julia Roberts , "Mirror Mirror" Favorite Book Diary of a Wimpy Kid series Harry Potter series The Hunger Games series Magic Tree ', 'and Russell Crowe ("loose and friendly"). Oltmanns\' favorite encounter was during his first Academy Awards. " Julia Roberts  was just so natural, so friendly and relaxed," he said. "And for me it was the first time interacting with any ', "Sally Field Channeled Grief over Mother's Death into 'Lincoln' Role, Defended Young Julia Roberts ", 'she would speak up on behalf of less powerful actresses. On "Steel Magnolias," Field defended a young, frail  Julia Roberts  from a disparaging director. "He was really mean," Field said. "He picked on Julie, I mean, for what reason ', 'Stars, Scars and Showbiz Kids on "20/20? Airing Friday, February 1 at 10pm on ABC', 'MacLaine , she shares some of the painful stories of childhood. Celebrities like Sarah Jessica Parker, Kidd Rock and  Julia Roberts  are fed up with the paparazzi taking pictures of their children - at school, in the park, everywhere they go. Even ', "figure out. On so he's on land. I know I really disturbing being here guys have a couple days you'll ever Roberts  Julia Roberts  is arrested for domestic violence. Only 22 a rocky relationship with her boyfriend actor musician Evan Peters. Part ", "really disturbing being here guys have a couple days you'll ever Roberts Julia Roberts is -- arrested for domestic violence. Only 22 a rocky relationship with -- her boyfriend actor musician Evan Peters. Part of that ", 'their heads. Put on their children as well be my child the lone star columns like Sarah Jessica Parker Salma Hayek and  Julia Roberts  have butted heads with the caps over their children just weeks ago Halley Berry who has publicly sparred with photographers ', 'the lone star -- columns like Sarah Jessica Parker Salma Hayek and Julia Roberts have butted heads with the caps over their children just weeks ago Halley Berry who has publicly sparred with photographers trying to ', "shot. Have moving on let's talk about Erin Brockovich a lot of you probably remember the movie Brockovich starring  Julia Roberts  she's obviously real life person there she is 52 years old she was arrested in Nevada. Four. Boating under the ", "-- a lot of you probably remember the movie -- Brockovich starring Julia Roberts she's obviously real life person there she is 52 years old she was arrested in Nevada. Four. Boating under the influence sessions ", "We're really give the  Julia Roberts  had a chance to balance her new movie mirror learning about mom and make a movie star.  Julia Roberts  America's sweethearts  Julia roberts ' evil queen. In mirror mirror takes to an ", "We're really give the Julia Roberts had a chance to balance her new movie mirror mirror comes out tomorrow I think your take guys know why don't we sat down -- opened -- after -- -- here. What they're learning about mom and make a movie star. Julia Roberts America's sweethearts Julia roberts' evil queen. In mirror mirror -- takes to an incredible Snow White fantasy world and her three children -- along for the ", "sit down with one of America's favorite movie stars  Julia Roberts  is about to delight fans again in a surprising way He hated us and won an Oscar as Erin Brockovich now  Julia Roberts  is the ultimate over the top evil queen in mirror mirror ", "the chance to sit down with one of America's favorite movie stars Julia Roberts is about to delight fans again in a surprising way. She plays the evil queen in a brand new and funny take on Snow White called mirror mirror. He -- kind of talk about that the big anniversary she has coming up with -- husband Danny motor. And what she's totally obsessed with right now. She stole our hearts and pretty woman. He hated us and won an Oscar as Erin Brockovich now Julia Roberts is the ultimate over the top evil queen in mirror mirror and. Focus group -- six girls watching and my wife and "]