['host Emmy in his trophy case from his stint in 1999 as co-host of Comedy Central\'s long-running game show "Win  Ben Stein \'s Money." That doesn\'t mean he doesn\'t want another. "I\'m mostly hoping I win," he joked. "That\'s really ', 'himself took home a "Best Game Show Host" Emmy in 1999 as co-host of Comedy Central\'s long-running game show "Win  Ben Stein \'s Money." The "Live" host follows in the footsteps of fellow late night talk show host Jimmy Fallon who hosted the ', '2002: Homeland Security Act President Bush signs the Homeland Security Act. Famous Birthdays 1914 Joe DiMaggio 1944  Ben Stein  1947 John Larroquette 1951 Charlaine Harris 1960 Amy Grant 1960 John F. Kennedy, Jr. 1971 Christina Applegate 1980 ', '1.9 million per episode for the next two years.  Ben Stein Ben Stein  was pretty accomplished before "Bueller" -- he cut Among them: hosting the Comedy Central game show "Win  Ben Stein \'s Money," helming the VH1 reality competition ', 'focus. All you\'re thinking about is not falling asleep." Kimmel said he fell asleep a few times while emceeing "Win  Ben Stein \'s Money," and once while driving on the freeway. "My head was diving, then jerking back up. All of a sudden ', "Monotone TV personality  Ben Stein  has been stripped of his Sunday New York Times business column because requesting comment from the former host of Comedy Central's Win  Ben Stein 's Money quiz show was not immediately returned. Earlier this ", 'stabilizing his hemmorhaging, the doctor decides...he might as well also do a face lift, some coronary bypasses and a stomach-stapling...After all, a crisis is not to be wasted." - Economist  Ben Stein , writing in The New York Times', 'Sopranos." In the first quarter, Giuliani received money from Kelsey Grammer, $2,100 from Adam Sandler and $750 from  Ben Stein . Lehane says the amount of donations from Hollywood suggests the industry is paying attention to an election filled with ', 'College Republicans treasurer John Eick says that his organization requested $30,000 to bring in speaker and actor  Ben Stein . When the student congress approved only a third of that amount for Stein, Eick says the College Republicans reevaluated ', "ABC News' Lindsey Ellerson and Nitya Venkataraman Report: Political commentator and actor  Ben Stein , in a starring role this week as one of the Republican National Convention's biggest celebrities, told ABC News he has his ", "Daddy Yankee, Jon Voight, Robert Downey, Jr., and  Ben Stein  among them -- don't quite hold the same selling power visiting or performing in the Twin Cities this week include  Ben Stein , the Beach Boys and Daughtry. Absence Makes the Heart ", 'page is reading your comments. After thirteen hundred on natural selection and intelligent design (after the release of  Ben Stein \'s "Expelled"), we\'re actually crashing that page on some computers. So let\'s pick up the conversation here ', 'page is reading your comments. After thirteen hundred on natural selection and intelligent design (after the release of  Ben Stein \'s "Expelled"), we\'re actually crashing that page on some computers. So let\'s pick up the conversation here ', "But the anti Semitic remarks he reportedly made upon his arrest or what as Hollywood Today Hollywood is speaking out  Ben Stein  sat down with Good Morning America to talk about it sent. Here's the I was shocked astonished disgusted made. Really ", "his arrest or what as Hollywood -- Today Hollywood is speaking out Ben Stein sat down with Good Morning America to talk about it sent. Here's the -- I was -- shocked astonished disgusted -- made. ", "lets you It it and it. Lot like yes but it like it meant it at all. Feel like battle lost them. And just like craziness is good it just feels like everything it turned upside down and it's it's I think they'll pull it together. And I'll make at all work but it does but it just feels like it's like", "bit Smith in the includes commercial and was take a look at it. Broderick. You have excellent taste and automobiles  Ben Stein  says he thinks it's pretty messed up that hon of various Booth just. During the Super Bowl and didn't bother to put ", "a look at it. Broderick. -- You have excellent taste and automobiles Ben Stein says he thinks it's pretty messed up that hon -- of various -- Booth just. During the Super Bowl and didn't bother ", "they were jumping I was the policy panel Hackensack was surrounded by the mean girls right outside of her voice coaches  Ben Stein  home I headed. And not in my head I was. had a gash in my face. I head. A gash about my which wasn't it 66. Stitches ", 'was surrounded by the mean girls right outside of her voice coaches Ben Stein home I headed. And not in my head I was. -- -- had a gash in my face. I head. A gash ', 'into gold literally storing more than 6000. Gold bars With him go on forever. This is what actor economist commentator  Ben Stein  told us in September when we did a story in the stunning gold prices there. I think people are counting on to be sure ', 'him -- go on forever. This is what actor economist -- commentator Ben Stein told us in September when we did a story in the stunning -- -- gold prices -- there. I think people are ', 'it could burst. I have no idea what is driving except kind of a wild and I think someone misguided. Hysterical fear.  Ben Stein  the actor writer is economics commentator is wary of frenzy for told right now. I think people are counting on to be ', '-- kind of a wild and I think someone misguided. Hysterical fear. Ben Stein the actor writer is economics commentator is wary of -- frenzy for told right now. I think people are counting on to ', "don't miss that little. For the news it's a terrific place to relax and retired. I joined them on a shopping run  Ben Stein . For shoot bald and her twin boys it's a perfect place to raise a family. To my outlook hides. And my kids. the ", "to relax and retired. I joined them on a shopping run -- Ben Stein . For -- shoot bald and her twin boys it's a perfect place to raise a family. To my outlook hides. And my "]