['Residents of the north Atlantic seaboard that are still trying to cope with the devastation of hurricane Sandy are in the crosshairs of yet another costly storm. But...', 'David Adkins, The Council of State Governments executive director and CEO, on if, and how, states are preparing for the upcoming fiscal cliff.', 'The "fiscal cliff" is only days away and efforts to avert it are making little progress, with some U.S. lawmakers predicting the tax increases and federal spending c...', 'After passing through the Senate on Monday, the House of Representatives approved legislation ending the fiscal cliff standoff late Tuesday. It was passed by 257-167...', 'Congress and President Obama may have reached a deal to avoid the fiscal cliff, but the agreement still leaves some key questions about government finances unanswere...', 'As the nation creeps another day closer to falling off the fiscal cliff, House Republicans are working on a Plan B, as negotiations on an agreement have progressed b...', 'Ernst & Young National Tax Department co-leader Michael Mundaca discusses concerns over taxes.', 'BlackRock co-founder Barbara Novick on the potential consequences of reaching the fiscal cliff.', 'No longer in search of a "grand bargain," lawmakers and President Obama seem to have rapidly scaled down their expectations for a bill that averts -- or at least shr...', 'This is a rush transcript from "Special Report," November 12, 2012. This copy may not be in its final form and may be updated.BRET BAIER, ANCHOR: Well we have 50 day...', 'Families in storm-ravaged New Jersey reportedly would be hit worst in fiscal crisis', 'While almost all U.S. taxpayers will feel a financial pinch if Congress and President Obama fail to reach a compromise on the approaching fiscal crisis, families in ...', 'The phrase "fiscal cliff" has been used to describe the unique combination of financial realities scheduled to take effect in 2013: expiring tax breaks, the impositi...', 'Deduction cap proposal alarms charities _ especially colleges, who rely more on wealthy donors', 'The scenic campus of Colgate University in upstate New York is enjoying more than a fresh coat of paint these days.New buildings include the Robert H.N. Ho Science C...', "Gridlock as usual or new era of compromise? Washington stares down 'fiscal cliff' crisis after election", "He won't be inaugurated until Jan. 20, but for all intents and purposes, Wednesday is Day One of President Obama's second term as he and congressional leaders shift ...", 'The two men vying to occupy the White House for the next four years say they want to reform our current complicated tax system. But until that can be achieved, Presi...', 'A look at where Democratic President Barack Obama and Republican presidential rival Mitt Romney stand on a selection of issues:ABORTION and BIRTH CONTROL:Obama: Supp...']