['television: the " Boy Meets World " spinoff series, " Girl Meets World ," has been picked up the by Disney Channel.  Ben Savage  and Danielle Fishel will reprise their \'Boy Meets World" roles for the highly anticipated series, which finds the ', "Michael Jacobs, got together again at the ATX Television Festival last week in Austin . ' Boy Meets World' Stars Reunite  Ben Savage  (Cory Matthews), Rider Strong (Shawn Hunter), Matthew Lawrence (Shawn's brother, Jack Hunter), Lily Nicksay ", "Texas, today. That's right. Best friends Cory Matthews and Shawn Hunter smiled on the red carpet like it was 1999.  Ben Savage  (Cory Matthews), Rider Strong (Shawn Hunter), Matthew Lawrence (Shawn's brother, Jack Hunter), Lily Nicksay ", "Homeland as Carrie's emo rockstar brother . Who developed gout . Topanga Lawrence (Danielle Fishel) and Cory Matthews ( Ben Savage ), Boy Meets World These two were childhood friends who became high schools sweethearts who went on to become parents ", 'and "The Back-up Plan." As previously reported ,  Ben Savage  and Danielle Fishel have signed on to reprise their as Rowan walked into the room, I was reminded of why  Ben Savage  was loved as Cory Matthews," he said. "Rowan is real ', 'Sundance Celebrity Sightings: Alicia Keys, Jennifer Hudson, and More Party in the Snow', "her there. Over at Oakley's Learn to Ride lounge, Adrian Grenier spent the day snowboarding. Octavia Spencer and  Ben Savage  stopped by to try on sunglasses, and Lil Jon came through for tequila shots. PHOTOS: Stars at the Sundance Film Festival ", 'I had my way, my wedding reception might just be 3-4 hours of Usher\'s music," Fishel tweeted Dec. 12. "Girl Meets World" will center on Riley, the 13-year-old daughter of Topanga and  Ben Savage \'s character Corey Matthews.', 'It\'s official: Cory and Topanga are together again.  Ben Savage  and Danielle Fishel have signed on to reprise their roles off the air: RELATED: \'NSYNC: Where Are They Now?  Ben Savage  Savage, the younger brother of "Wonder Years" star ', 'under way, and while there\'s no word yet on whether  Ben Savage , Danielle Fishel, or any of the original actors will off the air: RELATED: \'NSYNC: Where Are They Now?  Ben Savage  Savage, the younger brother of "Wonder Years" star ', "Ben Savage  joins hit-series' cast and show creator at the ATX Television Festival in Texas.", "plan. actually delivering benefits. I laugh it's it's it's a great day I think it's unfortunate that there's  Ben Savage  partisan give and take and the now. Today continues to this day that I think over in the com. This bill seen seen as ", "it's it's it's a great day I think it's unfortunate that there's Ben Savage partisan give and take -- and the now. Today continues to this day that I think over in the -- com. This "]