['Jackie Evancho, known for her opera-style voice, discusses her role in "The Company You Keep."', "resentment in there, you know, for the movement. What a cast you put together to bring it to life. shia LaBoeuf.  Julie christie . Films like this don't get the budget they used to so you're forced into an independent category so therefore ", "a cast you put together to bring it to life. shia LaBoeuf. Julie christie . Films like this don't get the budget they used to so you're forced into an independent category so therefore there's not a ", "it's supposed to be this time.  Julie Christie  away from her she's playing she still the beautiful gorges  Julie Christie  so. How do we resist we don't looking for twenty million. So  Julie Christie  really. so let's move on to ", "down to two people now and it's supposed to be this time. Julie Christie away from her she's playing somebody alzheimer's disease and in a very young actress. Ellen Page in Juno. Can she take it ", "movie and she's dealing with alzheimer's and she still the beautiful gorges Julie Christie so. How do we resist -- we don't do you think there's a tendency for the academy to favor the older actress ", "the other ones are. Are looking for twenty million. So -- -- Julie Christie really. -- -- so let's move on to best actor. Prices George Clooney here from Michael Clayton horrible dark horse and -- ", "get out of it as they I think  Julie Christie  is gonna win for away from her and I also think  Julie Christie  gives the ceremony one of its we're talking about the next day  Julie Christie  is a pretty good bet for that ", "Not. Well it's gonna get out of it as they I think Julie Christie is gonna win for away from her and I also think Julie Christie gives the ceremony one of its best chances. For interest the Oscar moment. Because in the history not just as a great actors but as an activist and if you want one of those He says that we're talking about the next day Julie Christie is a pretty good bet for that. Coming up bombing outside with a punctures chance to win. Marion Cotillard for Abiola wrote ", 'the actress Kate jets Elizabeth  Julie Christie . In a way from her courtyard the big battle is between and  Julie Christie . Now. Medical He had won the buffed up and  Julie Christie  won the sag. And they could split ', "and it cracked let's get to the actress Kate -- jets Elizabeth Julie Christie . In a way from her -- -- courtyard levee and rose playing it is -- Laura Linney in the savages Ellen Page. Young Canadian deaths and you know your fellow Canadians. Way to -- and -- I hope there's there's a chance she could win because the big battle is between -- -- -- and Julie Christie . Now. Medical He had won the buffed up and Julie Christie won the sag. And they could split the vote which could allow -- -- the right through them -- right. Yet but ", "lost some of its Oscar momentum and this it it back a little boy. Let's just actors and actors for drama actress  Julie Christie  Jodie Foster. Angelina Jolie Kara Knightley. And actor George Clooney Daniel Day-Lewis James back avoid the importance ", "boy. Let's just actors and actors for drama actress -- -- -- Julie Christie Jodie Foster. Angelina Jolie Kara Knightley. And actor George Clooney Daniel Day-Lewis James back avoid the -- importance of Denzel Washington. What's ", "don't know whose agenda. Is that work at the same time there's another movie away from her. About alzheimer's  Julie Christie  plays a woman who is slowly kind of kidnapped from her own life. You know turn to. But the Cohen Brothers telling ", "at the same time there's another movie away from her. About alzheimer's Julie Christie plays a woman who is slowly kind of kidnapped from her own life. You know -- -- turn to. -- But the ", "don't know whose agenda. Is that work at the same time there's another movie away from her. About alzheimer's  Julie Christie  plays a woman who slowly kind of kidnapped from her own life. You know this is turn Cohen Brothers telling a classic ", "at the same time there's another movie away from her. About alzheimer's Julie Christie plays a woman who -- slowly kind of kidnapped from her own life. You know this is -- turn -- -- -- ", "don't know whose agenda. Is that work at the same time there's another movie away from her. About alzheimer's  Julie Christie  plays a woman who is slowly kind of kidnapped from her own life. You know Francisco turn to. We don't. But the ", "at the same time there's another movie away from her. About alzheimer's Julie Christie plays a woman who is slowly kind of kidnapped from her own life. You know Francisco turn to. We don't. But the ", 'drama. The best picture went to atonement Daniel Day-Lewis got best actor in a drama for there will be blood.  Julie Christie  won best actress in a drama from away from her. And as for television best series drama mad men which runs on AMC ', 'Day-Lewis got best actor in a drama for there will be blood. Julie Christie won best actress in a drama from away from her. And as for television best series drama -- -- mad men which ', 'For best performance by an actress in a leading role the nominees are. point chat in Elizabeth the golden age.  Julie Christie  in away from her. on coty are in beyond rose. Laura Linney and the savages. And Ellen Page in Juno. The nominees ', 'role the nominees are. -- point chat in Elizabeth the golden age. Julie Christie in away from her. -- on coty are in -- beyond rose. Laura Linney and the savages. And Ellen Page in Juno. ', "times and or they'll say no you light during serious times this time there was serious. We should write that that  Julie Christie  has already won far away from her so. That gives her a little bit of boost going into that's when it was a lot ", "serious times this time there was serious. We should write that that Julie Christie has already won far away from her so. That gives her a little bit of boost going into -- that's when it ", "best actor contenders George Clooney and Daniel Day-Lewis each got their fourth Oscar nominations. Such. and for  Julie Christie  nominated for best actress as a woman with alzheimer's disease in away from her. Few people might remember that ", "Daniel Day-Lewis each got their fourth Oscar nominations. Such. -- and for Julie Christie nominated for best actress as a woman with alzheimer's disease in away from her. Few people might remember that she won the ", "actor contenders George Clooney and Daniel Day-Lewis each got their fourth Oscar nominations. Such time. And for  Julie Christie  nominated for best actress as a woman with alzheimer's disease in away from her. Few people might remember that ", "Daniel Day-Lewis each got their fourth Oscar nominations. Such time. And for Julie Christie nominated for best actress as a woman with alzheimer's disease in away from her. Few people might remember that she won the ", "best actor contenders George Clooney and Daniel Day-Lewis each got their fourth Oscar nominations. Such. And for  Julie Christie  nominated for best actress as a woman with alzheimer's disease in away from her. Few people might remember that ", "and Daniel Day-Lewis each got their fourth Oscar nominations. Such. And for Julie Christie nominated for best actress as a woman with alzheimer's disease in away from her. Few people might remember that she won the ", "replica version was presented to all of the nominees for best actress category so Laura Linney and Ellen Page and  Julie Christie  There's. And then the and is being auctioned off on date for the benefit of a Sierra so it's got a terrible compulsion ", "nominees for best actress category so Laura Linney and Ellen Page and Julie Christie -- There's. And then the -- and is being auctioned off on -- date for the benefit of a Sierra so it's ", "Our person of the week she'll be at the Academy Awards this Sunday side by side with George Clooney  Julie Christie  Daniel day Nominated for an Oscar just like them. But there veterans. She's never made a movie before. And you call it what ", "at the Academy Awards this Sunday side by side with George Clooney Julie Christie Daniel day -- -- Nominated for an Oscar just like them. But there veterans. She's never made a movie before. And you ", 'for that the biggest well. It was not marrying courtyard actually because she did a golden everybody was thinking  Julie Christie  would win but you know marrying and won it. The price for me I think with Tilda Swinton and there and in that category ', 'courtyard actually because she did -- a golden -- everybody was thinking Julie Christie would win but you know marrying -- and won it. The price for me I think with Tilda Swinton and there and ']