['BAFTAs. The last two Best Actress upsets were by the winner of the BAFTA. In 2008, Marion Cotillard lost the SAG to  Julie Christie  but went on to win the BAFTA and then the Oscar. The same happened for Meryl Streep in 2011 when she lost the Critics ', 'No Country for Old Men" Golden Globe winners Best picture (drama): "Atonement" Best actress (drama):  Julie Christie , "Away From Her" Best actor (drama): Daniel Day-Lewis, "There Will Be Blood" Best director: Julian Schnabel ', 'who climbs from poverty to become arguably France\'s most popular singer. She beat out the critics\' favorite,  Julie Christie , who played a women dealing with Alzheimer\'s in "Away from Her." The other nominees were all in higher grossing ', "Oscars 2010: Sandra Bullock, Jeff Bridges, Mo'Nique, Christoph Waltz Going for Gold", 'for the full list of Oscar nominees. Previous actors who had the same momentum going into the Academy Awards --  Julie Christie , Renee Zellweger and Russell Crowe won SAG and Globe awards -- lost out on the Oscar in the end. But if they do ', 'rigueur in those days, although some women weren\'t thrilled by the idea." Warren Beatty uses a hairdryer to style  Julie Christie \'s hair in a still from the 1975 film, "Shampoo." "According to another woman with whom he had a lengthy relationship ', 'Theron. Sure, they\'re good actresses, but come on," O\'Neil added. "Last year, everyone was rooting for  Julie Christie , but who won? It\'s the babe factor again. The youngest, prettiest one. It was suspiciously consistent of this ', "nearby, the reports said. This type of relationship was also the focus of the recent film Away From Her , starring  Julie Christie  as a woman with Alzheimer's who gradually forgets her husband and forms a new bond with a fellow nursing home resident ", 'win." Best Actress Nominees:  Julie Christie  ("Away from Her"), Cate Blanchett Page ("Juno") Who will win:  Julie Christie  Who should win: Marion Cotillard win is split between the two.  Julie Christie , 66, holds Hollywood\'s respect ', "and, after all, that's what fashion is for!  Julie Christie Julie Christie  has been in the Oscar race before and she actually is a subtle but modern twist on a regal look.  Julie Christie /Monique Lhuillier Of course, it would have a ", 'Gone Baby Gone," which Ben wrote and directed, but Casey scored a nomination for his portrayal of Robert Ford.  Julie Christie  Currently laying low after her 1996 Oscar nod for "Afterglow," the British actress got her big break as the love ', 'nominated last year for a bigger role in "Pride & Prejudice." And now with "Juno\'s" Ellen Page, Cate Blanchett and  Julie Christie  contending, "this category is going to be the most fascinating." Contributing: The Associated Press.', "Supreme Court Justice Knows It Is Best to Let Alzheimer's Patients Forget the Past", 'about living with Alzheimer\'s disease. A Hollywood movie "Away From Her" grapples with this dilemma. Actress  Julie Christie  plays a married Alzheimer\'s patient who, much to her partner\'s chagrin, befriends another married patient ', 'lived together and he said, \'I\'m bearding for her. She\'s a lesbian and she\'s going with  Julie Christie .\' I had never even met  Julie Christie ," Hutton said. "For the last three years, I would have ripped open the root-cellar gates ', 'in an abandoned you you did the test in three days later you were actually on the set with the Robert Redford and  Julie Christie  and Shia LaBeouf and all these amazing. Actors what was that like. Once made because there are such great actors ', 'later you were actually on the set with the Robert Redford and Julie Christie and Shia LaBeouf and all these amazing. Actors what was that like. -- -- -- Once made because there are such great ', "resentment in there, you know, for the movement. What a cast you put together to bring it to life. shia LaBoeuf.  Julie christie . Films like this don't get the budget they used to so you're forced into an independent category so therefore ", "a cast you put together to bring it to life. shia LaBoeuf. Julie christie . Films like this don't get the budget they used to so you're forced into an independent category so therefore there's not a ", "it's supposed to be this time.  Julie Christie  away from her she's playing she still the beautiful gorges  Julie Christie  so. How do we resist we don't looking for twenty million. So  Julie Christie  really. so let's move on to ", "down to two people now and it's supposed to be this time. Julie Christie away from her she's playing somebody alzheimer's disease and in a very young actress. Ellen Page in Juno. Can she take it ", "movie and she's dealing with alzheimer's and she still the beautiful gorges Julie Christie so. How do we resist -- we don't do you think there's a tendency for the academy to favor the older actress ", "the other ones are. Are looking for twenty million. So -- -- Julie Christie really. -- -- so let's move on to best actor. Prices George Clooney here from Michael Clayton horrible dark horse and -- ", "get out of it as they I think  Julie Christie  is gonna win for away from her and I also think  Julie Christie  gives the ceremony one of its we're talking about the next day  Julie Christie  is a pretty good bet for that ", "Not. Well it's gonna get out of it as they I think Julie Christie is gonna win for away from her and I also think Julie Christie gives the ceremony one of its best chances. For interest the Oscar moment. Because in the history not just as a great actors but as an activist and if you want one of those He says that we're talking about the next day Julie Christie is a pretty good bet for that. Coming up bombing outside with a punctures chance to win. Marion Cotillard for Abiola wrote ", 'the actress Kate jets Elizabeth  Julie Christie . In a way from her courtyard the big battle is between and  Julie Christie . Now. Medical He had won the buffed up and  Julie Christie  won the sag. And they could split ', "and it cracked let's get to the actress Kate -- jets Elizabeth Julie Christie . In a way from her -- -- courtyard levee and rose playing it is -- Laura Linney in the savages Ellen Page. Young Canadian deaths and you know your fellow Canadians. Way to -- and -- I hope there's there's a chance she could win because the big battle is between -- -- -- and Julie Christie . Now. Medical He had won the buffed up and Julie Christie won the sag. And they could split the vote which could allow -- -- the right through them -- right. Yet but ", "lost some of its Oscar momentum and this it it back a little boy. Let's just actors and actors for drama actress  Julie Christie  Jodie Foster. Angelina Jolie Kara Knightley. And actor George Clooney Daniel Day-Lewis James back avoid the importance ", "boy. Let's just actors and actors for drama actress -- -- -- Julie Christie Jodie Foster. Angelina Jolie Kara Knightley. And actor George Clooney Daniel Day-Lewis James back avoid the -- importance of Denzel Washington. What's ", "don't know whose agenda. Is that work at the same time there's another movie away from her. About alzheimer's  Julie Christie  plays a woman who is slowly kind of kidnapped from her own life. You know turn to. But the Cohen Brothers telling ", "at the same time there's another movie away from her. About alzheimer's Julie Christie plays a woman who is slowly kind of kidnapped from her own life. You know -- -- turn to. -- But the "]