['"Modern Family" actress also discusses her touching speech from the awards show.', "There's  julie bowen  joining us on the couch. How does it feel? To be on the couch? Not everything. And it turns out I didn't. I find that hard to believe,  julie bowen . We love having you on the couch. Will you come back again? Yes ", "There's julie bowen joining us on the couch. How does it feel? To be on the couch? Not bad. Somebody just warned me that one ", "And it turns out I didn't. I find that hard to believe, julie bowen . We love having you on the couch. Will you come back again? Yes. This is very comfortable. This cushion is comfortable. We ", "Julie bell and is best known for her role in ABC's Emmy winning hit comedy modern family. But now she's drawing attention to a serious matter the Influenza kills thousands of people year in the US and that's why she's teaming up with the faces of influenza campaign. To raise awareness of the flu", 'night. Including none other than "modern family\'s"  julie bowen  and eric stonestreet who took home two of the four statues night, and boy were the stars talking tab afterwards.  Julie bowen  in the house, everybody. Congratulations. Thank you ', 'the biggest stars of the night. Including none other than "modern family\'s" julie bowen and eric stonestreet who took home two of the four statues that the country\'s comedies took home again. It was "modern family\'s" night, and boy were the stars talking tab afterwards. Julie bowen in the house, everybody. Congratulations. Thank you so much. Thank you. You\'re giddy? I really am. I\'m sort of beside myself. I ', "that the tests. You've learned a little bit about yourself. Where are my manners Ty Burrell thank you very much  Julie Bowen  is so good to be here in your Minnesota's big Yeah that's been having go back long Bill Clinton Sarah Rico. Ariel ", "about yourself. Where are my manners Ty Burrell thank you very much Julie Bowen is so good to be here in your -- Minnesota's big -- Yeah that's been having go back -- long -- Bill ", "script writers. It's the cast of tv's hottest show trapped up side a kan city elevator. Get us out. Reporter:  Julie bowen , eric stonestr stonestreet, and jesseyler ferguson were there for a charity event and got stuck in an el variety ", 'show trapped up side a kan city elevator. Get us out. Reporter: Julie bowen , eric stonestr stonestreet, and jesseyler ferguson were there for a charity event and got stuck in an el variety. Hay snapped photos, ', 'sticky situation is not a scene from an episode of "modern family." Get us out. Reporter: Last night, cast members  julie bowen , jesse tyler ferguson and eric stonestreet were stuck in an elevator with 15 other people. Whatever drama she\'s ', 'episode of "modern family." Get us out. Reporter: Last night, cast members julie bowen , jesse tyler ferguson and eric stonestreet were stuck in an elevator with 15 other people. Whatever drama she\'s going through can wait. ', 'when they realized, they\'re in there with the cast of "modern family." Get us out! Get us out! Reporter: Stars  julie bowen , eric stonestreet, and jesse tyler ferguson. And all the while, 1500 people were waiting from them in a ballroom ', 'cast of "modern family." Get us out! Get us out! Reporter: Stars julie bowen , eric stonestreet, and jesse tyler ferguson. And all the while, 1500 people were waiting from them in a ballroom. Waiting for the ', "And emmy winner claire danes and  julie bowen  wowed out chartreuse. The popping amazing, I have to say. Of course,  julie bowen , i loved her dress. And it doesn't julianne moore and claire danes, and  julie bowen . That royal blue was another huge ", "jane levy turned the carpet blue. And emmy winner claire danes and julie bowen wowed out chartreuse. The popping colors of edie falco showed there's nothing like the classic. Understated but just as beautiful. And to ", "the entire event, that's pretty amazing, I have to say. Of course, julie bowen , i loved her dress. And it doesn't even bother me that paula patton wore it to the golden globes last year. But ", "much chartreuse, we saw it on julianne moore and claire danes, and julie bowen . That royal blue was another huge trend on the red carpet. I saw it all over the place. Jon hamm's girlfriend was ", "he was doing. But I think he pretends to blend in with us. We've got a lot of fun, too. Speaking of dancing,  julie bowen  on yesterday. You guys having a danceoff. This was julie on jimmy kimmel. This was julie doing her very best sofia ", "with us. We've got a lot of fun, too. Speaking of dancing, julie bowen on yesterday. You guys having a danceoff. This was julie on jimmy kimmel. This was julie doing her very best sofia. As ", 'that was named by the one and only style mavin, josh elliott, as the best look on the red carpet. She was stunning.  Julie bowen  also in chartre chartreuse. The force very much alive for "star wars." At least for its theme song. It\'s as if ', 'elliott, as the best look on the red carpet. She was stunning. Julie bowen also in chartre chartreuse. The force very much alive for "star wars." At least for its theme song. It\'s as if the ', "amazing. And talking to steve, he said, I love to give them forever I can because they pull it off. Your work wife,  julie bowen . What a beautiful and heartfelt speech she delivered. Well, that's her. You could tell that she wasn't expecting ", "them forever I can because they pull it off. Your work wife, julie bowen . What a beautiful and heartfelt speech she delivered. Well, that's her. You could tell that she wasn't expecting it because she's a ", 'for best actress is in. And homeland and homeland Sophia for our. Washington Julianne Moore. But did not mention  Julie Bowen  one best supporting actress for modern family. Any big surprises you think. Any big surprises. You know I think I ', 'homeland Sophia for our. Washington -- Julianne Moore. But did not mention Julie Bowen one best supporting actress for modern family. Any -- big surprises you think. Any big surprises. You know I think I Sophia ', 'my right at the nokia. We\'re discussing abc\'s "modern family" took home plenty of that gold. We chatted with  julie bowen  and eric stonestreet after their big win. The emmy goes to "modern family." Reporter: It was a family affair ', 'abc\'s "modern family" took home plenty of that gold. We chatted with julie bowen and eric stonestreet after their big win. The emmy goes to "modern family." Reporter: It was a family affair. America\'s favorite sitcom ', "last year. You're burning up. You might have a flu.  Julie bowen  tries to repeat her win squaring o with sofia vergara cast is just thrilled all six were nominated. Now,  julie bowen , she told me she's hoping to pass off the win to sofia ", "burrell, one last year. You're burning up. You might have a flu. Julie bowen tries to repeat her win squaring o with sofia vergara. Manny, put your stuff away and put the ears on. Jesse tyler ferguson told me friday night that the cast is just thrilled all six were nominated. Now, julie bowen , she told me she's hoping to pass off the win to sofia vergara. Absolutely. You realize how good tv has become. How ", "and that's a good Julianna Margulies Kyle Chandler for the now canceled Friday Night Lights. For modern family's  Julie Bowen  Ty Burrell who wondered whether they TV to win together they'll never have I ever. And I know the answer. Already ", "Kyle Chandler for the now canceled Friday Night Lights. For modern family's Julie Bowen Ty Burrell who wondered whether they -- -- TV -- to win -- together they'll never have I ever. And I know ", 'time and she won publisher she won the Emmy as well are doing any of these pictures of some to show everybody at home.  Julie Bowen  as I mentioned looks so fantastic and a Jane Lynch who really stepped outside of our comfort zone and had a overnight ', 'doing any of these pictures of some to show everybody at home. Julie Bowen as I mentioned looks so fantastic and a Jane Lynch who really stepped outside of our comfort zone and had a overnight ', 'Eight winners they took home five awards including one of the biggest of the night the best comedy series award. We and  Julie Bowen  and both take home awards and I think there one of the funniest do it on TV at NASA is very happy to see both of them ', 'biggest of the night the best comedy series award. We -- and Julie Bowen and -- both take home awards and I think there one of the funniest do it on TV at NASA is very ']