['steam -- his next memorable role was as a cross-dressing pageant contestant in "To Wong Foo Thanks for Everything,  Julie Newmar ." In 1998, he suffered major injuries after falling from a horse while filming HBO\'s "Letters From a Killer ', 'Carmageddon Warnings Scare Drivers Off The Roads as Interstate 405 Reopens Early', 'Daily Grill in the Brentwood neighborhood of the city, just west of the 405, where they were among such regulars as  Julie Newmar , the actress best known for portraying Catwoman in the "Batman" television series of the 1960s. More than a week ', "with a man who kept her jewelry in a vault. When she broke in to get it back, she became addicted to the thrill.  Julie Newmar  was the first to play Catwoman on the screen, nagging Adam West for two seasons in the '60s television series. After ", 'you. Demi." Swayze continued acting in films, including "Point Break," "To Wong Foo, Thanks for Everything  Julie Newmar " and "Donnie Darko." Patrick Swayze\'s Pancreatic Cancer Diagnosis Swayze told Walters he started to notice something ', 'saloon in "Road House." He was macho enough to play a man playing a woman in "To Wong Foo, Thanks for Everything,  Julie Newmar ," but it was his role in "Ghost," opposite Demi Moore, that sealed his destiny among the top romantic actors of ', 'recent interview that they are, for now, not intending to bring back Catwoman, Batman\'s smoking-hot nemesis. But  Julie Newmar , who played Catwoman in the original "Batman" TV series starring Adam West, thinks they should reprise her role ', 'recent interview that they are, for now, not intending to bring back Catwoman, Batman\'s smoking-hot nemesis. But  Julie Newmar , who played Catwoman in the original "Batman" TV series starring Adam West, thinks they should reprise her role ', 'Belushi will tell you. In Brentwood, Calif., things got so tense between Belushi and his neighbor, former Catwoman  Julie Newmar , that they went to court. "I\'ll tell you, neighbors fighting is the most emotional cost that family can go through ', 'Land, you know." Belushi\'s next-door nemesis was  Julie Newmar , best known for her role as Catwoman in the "Batman who was so stubborn about standing his ground against  Julie Newmar  -- that his feud had a Hollywood ending in which both ', 'According to Jim," but Belushi and his real-life neighbor are fighting like dogs and ... Catwoman. Belushi is suing  Julie Newmar , co-star of the old "Batman" series, for $4 million. The lawsuit claims: "Newmar vandalized Belushi\'s home ', 'feelings for her/him. Patrick Swayze, Wesley Snipes and John Leguizamo in To Wong Foo, Thanks for Everything,  Julie Newmar  Three professional drag queens drive from New York to Los Angeles in a convertible. Their car breaks down in a small ']