['HEY, WELCOME BACK. IN HER NEW SHOW, SNOOKI AND  J - WOWW , PLEASE WELCOME JENNY " J - WOWW ." . THANK YOU FOR BRINGING YOUR FRIEND. YOU CAN\'T BARE TO BE APART. I CAN\'T. WE WERE SUPPOSED ', 'HEY, WELCOME BACK. IN HER NEW SHOW, SNOOKI AND J-WOWW , PLEASE WELCOME JENNY " J-WOWW ." . THANK YOU FOR BRINGING YOUR FRIEND. YOU CAN\'T BARE TO BE APART. I CAN\'T. WE WERE SUPPOSED TO HAVE YOUR PARTNER ', "can't exactly aliens they have it's good times expunge our anti have fun to all right we in the new show everybody Snooki and  jwoww . It premieres tomorrow on MTV congratulations. I don't you and good yesterday he congratulations and I don't all the show ", "all right we -- -- in the new show everybody Snooki and jwoww . It premieres tomorrow on MTV congratulations. I don't you and good -- yesterday he congratulations and I don't all the show this ", 'season in seaside heights. So many changes to discuss. And here to talk about them all, the cast minus snooki, who is home.  Jwoww , you have your show with nicole. How do you feel about "jersey shore" ending? It\'s bittersweet. "Jersey shore" changed ', 'to talk about them all, the cast minus snooki, who is home. Jwoww , you have your show with nicole. How do you feel about "jersey shore" ending? It\'s bittersweet. "Jersey shore" changed my life, in ', "do their own thing. We're seeing. We have snooki and  j . Woww  doing a spin-off. D.J. Paulie d. They wanted more everybody. I have good news if you're upset. Because  j . Woww  and snooki's show will come back. It hasn't started ", "wanted to do their own thing. We're seeing. We have snooki and j . Woww doing a spin-off. D.J. Paulie d. They wanted more money from the contracts or they're ready to move on. But wait, everybody. I have good news if you're upset. Because j . Woww and snooki's show will come back. It hasn't started yet. You'll get a sampling of that. Anything else on that? It was ", "Hi, I'm j.Q., Not to be confused with  j - woww , a familiar figure on the jersey shore, home to snooki, that famous phrase, gtl, gym, tan, laundry and even a few housewives ", "Hi, I'm j.Q., Not to be confused with j-woww , a familiar figure on the jersey shore, home to snooki, that famous phrase, gtl, gym, tan, laundry and even a few housewives. ", 'delivering. She was in makeup. Because the cameras were there and it\'s going to be part of the next season of "snooki and  j - woww ." That\'s great. We have a new character to introduce. Do you have anything to add? Everyone rolls their eyend say ', 'it\'s going to be part of the next season of "snooki and j-woww ." That\'s great. We have a new character to introduce. Do you have anything to add? Everyone rolls their eyend say, oh, snooki. ', "Ritual long long happy life with Roger books and we didn't can't literally just in case it doesn't you know and now I'm four. She this man. Hop. Artists do we have three Jersey bush Korea. This is where there's a situation On this massive asset right now you can into the what what what kind of", "on MTV in my others in new house earnings Dina. Apparently on this season we get to see Sammy beat up Ronnie Louisiana  J - Woww  we get to see cities drunken arrest so even minor show really didn't have a big following. Until the famous clip of ", "season we get to see Sammy beat up Ronnie Louisiana -- -- J-Woww we get to see cities drunken arrest so even minor show really didn't have a big following. Until the famous clip of ", "point five carats well plus easy. That's healthy. And also the Jersey Shore but hey you know what they're happy god bless  jwoww  and Roger have opened less. what Kabul I really like Jennifer Garner and that happened they have three kids now she she's ", "the Jersey Shore but hey you know what they're happy god bless jwoww and Roger have opened less. -- what Kabul I really like Jennifer Garner and that happened they have three kids now she ", "While the Jersey girls are in that half Allison McCall people he and Jenny  jwoww  felt Farley are here with an update. And all things Jersey Shore season five well underway and there's a spinoff now in the ", "are in that half Allison McCall -- people -- he and Jenny jwoww felt Farley are here with an update. And all things Jersey Shore season five well underway and there's a spinoff now in ", 'a certified nut job. Or an entertainer. But, I\'m not that party girl, like I used to be. Reporter: The "snooki and  jwoww " series revealed this week that transition can be a little painful. You\'re doing great. A little more, a little more ', 'that party girl, like I used to be. Reporter: The "snooki and jwoww " series revealed this week that transition can be a little painful. You\'re doing great. A little more, a little more. Yay, a ', "to buy generics Big And Jersey Shore come to Times Square and  jwoww  is here to make you go wow about Snooki pregnancy. Mary or boy his Olympics. Yeah. Sitting in her new show Snooki and  jwoww . Please welcome Jimmy Yeah. Be I can't. should tell everybody ", 'generics -- Big -- And Jersey Shore come to Times Square and jwoww is here to make you go wow about Snooki pregnancy. -- -- -- -- -- Mary or damage. -- ', "and boy his Olympics. Yeah. Sitting in her new show Snooki and jwoww . Please welcome Jimmy -- Yeah. Be -- -- I can't. -- -- should tell everybody. The movie we were -- hear your ", "January trek. What we're doing right now is start of the short attention span. The culture. And how things go from Snooki and  jwoww  today all of a sudden it's insanity work out some stuff like that it's just. The way we look at a suspect part of that ", "short attention span. The culture. And how things go from Snooki and jwoww today all of a sudden it's insanity work out some stuff like that it's just. The way we look at a suspect ", 'reinvent herself to leave behind her hardcore party. Spin and  jwoww . Is designed to showcase too fast the last two Roth has bachelorette has not. All right thank you so much and you can watch Snooki  jwoww  as a new show starting on June 21 on MTV you can also got a ', "reinvent herself to leave behind her hardcore party. Spin -- -- and jwoww . Is designed to showcase too fast -- -- the last two Roth has bachelorette and hey can. Of course there's still plenty ", 'not. All right thank you so much and you can watch Snooki jwoww as a new show starting on June 21 on MTV you can also got a Good Morning America dot com on -- ', "her birthday the I've never. Happy yeah. Each day I what I want it I can talk to you about we must move on to Snooki and  jwoww  they've moved. To the mainland taking over Jersey City now and last week we saw that you start to decorate. I'll use the ", "to you about -- -- we must move on to Snooki and jwoww they've moved. To the mainland taking over Jersey City now and last week we saw that you start to decorate. I'll use ", "agents now that's exactly what it's like me not kind of like I did to her. Yeah say some things new spinoff Snooki and  jwoww  assumes that she can be just as outlandish entertaining And sir a lot of people think you can take the girl the Jersey Shore ", 'Yeah -- -- say some things -- -- new spinoff Snooki and jwoww assumes that she can be just as outlandish entertaining -- And sir a lot of people think you can take the girl ', "May was rock and night on dancing with the stars and that's not The ground and  jwoww  some before we talk to love from LA. tango from last night 1011 K. Lab from Los Angeles isn't evening insurers have. Bag ", "dancing with the stars and that's not -- The ground and -- jwoww some before we talk to -- love from LA. -- -- -- -- tango from last night 1011 K. Lab ", "but obviously those days are now over for her while she prepares for Buffy is currently shooting a Jersey Shore spinoff with  jwoww  says he says her larger than life won't be living in the Jersey Shore house next summer. she says she may visit. And for ", "prepares for -- Buffy is currently shooting a Jersey Shore spinoff with jwoww says he says her larger than life -- won't be living in the Jersey Shore house next summer. -- she says she "]