['asking a series of silly questions, including, "What\'s my password?" and "Did I lock the door?" Actress  Juliette Lewis  makes a brief cameo as Sheppard\'s BFF, squealing with excitement, "Twinsies!" when they realize they are wearing ', 'short series today on YouTube. Titled "Shi*t Girls Say, Episode 1," it features a cameo appearance by actress  Juliette Lewis . In the video, which runs about a minute and 14 seconds, Sheppard is dressed as a woman who appears in a number ', 'and had become close friends with a colleague named  Juliette Lewis  . Lewis had a daughter named Annabelle. None of them but Cindy Anthony heard a fleshed out version of  Juliette Lewis . Lewis, she said, was involved in volunteer work ', "Universal Studios, testified that Anthony hadn't worked at the theme park since 2006. He said that he had no record of  Juliette Lewis , the fictional co-worker Anthony created. Casey Anthony Sticks to Lie in Jailhouse Conversations With Parents ", 'friend and co-worker at Universal Studios was named  Juliette Lewis  . Casey and her mother, Cindy, went to help Lewis Casey testified. Universal had said that no one named  Juliette Lewis  worked there. Casey Anthony told her mother that ', 'Casey Anthony Trial: Taped Conversation Shows Casey Anthony Building Elaborate Lie', "didn't have phone numbers for the babysitter, Hopkins or for another fictional person, a supposed co-worker named  Juliette Lewis . She told police that a phone that her job had provided for her wasn't working and it held some of the phone numbers ", 'Casey Anthony Trial: Cindy Anthony Crumples in Court While Listening to 911 Call', 'phone of a man she claimed was Hopkins along with his young son Zachary. In addition, there was a co-worker named  Juliette Lewis  at Universal Studios who had a young daughter named Annabelle who Caylee played with, Cindy Anthony testified. Casey ', 'bankable actresses decide to go totally ugly for a role.  Juliette Lewis  is the latest one to nail a radically deglamorized evidence that will exonerate her sibling. On left,  Juliette Lewis  in "Conviction." Credit: Ron Batzdorff / Fox Searchlight ', 'dark comedy. \'Whip It\' (Oct. 2) Director: Drew Barrymore Stars: Ellen Page, Alia Shawkat, Kristen Wiig,  Juliette Lewis , Zoe Bell Story: Barrymore\'s directorial debut, this coming-of-age comedy stars Page ("Juno") as a Texas ', 'though, wind up as little, interesting footnotes. Minnie Driver has released two decent but forgettable albums.  Juliette Lewis  fronts her own band, the Licks. Even Peter Gallagher did an album of pseudo-soul music. These albums will find their fan bases ', "Blindness, an HBO movie about two love-hungry girls from the Garden State. Hysterical Blindness, which features  Juliette Lewis  as Thurman's bar-hopping partner in crime, is based on a play by Laura Cahill, Variety reports. Cahill adapted ", "Blindness, an HBO movie about two love-hungry girls from the Garden State. Hysterical Blindness, which features  Juliette Lewis  as Thurman's bar-hopping partner in crime, is based on a play by Laura Cahill, Variety reports. Cahill adapted ", "Blindness, an HBO movie about two love-hungry girls from the Garden State. Hysterical Blindness, which features  Juliette Lewis  as Thurman's bar-hopping partner in crime, is based on a play by Laura Cahill, Variety reports. Cahill adapted ", "And a lot under arrest for that scattering of Iraq. Q do you mind. We find the defendant guilty your honor. When her brother was convicted of murder and I can ask just. and waters began an impossible seniors struggling to set him free. There's an opportunity finally takes to get to eat eat and", "Now we're here. I were used to tell me how let's tell us what we're doing here as well obviously yeah today. We're an doesn't exist. So why do. honestly don't acknowledge his top security. Castro should hear it I don't legitimately. My daughter and high. there. Doesn't trust her as somebody. Sorry", 'Based on popular Twitter novelty account, debut video has  Juliette Lewis  cameo.', "and now since this movie was made in 1989. Kids have played by Johnny don't it. Those are Big Bang theory and  Juliette Lewis  god knows where. But this movie. This movie is. Funny in every way because it's everybody's way to decorate ", "played by Johnny don't -- it. Those are Big Bang theory and Juliette Lewis -- god knows where. But this movie. This movie is. Funny in every way because it's everybody's way to decorate for Christmas ", 'putting out there the seasons of the other Griswold back together they got Clark could Chevy Chase Beverly As well as  Juliette Lewis  who played the daughter in the movie two to get back to in the do this commercials and take Let me do the general ', 'together they got Clark could Chevy Chase Beverly -- As well as Juliette Lewis who played the daughter in the movie two to get back to in the do this commercials and take -- -- Let ', "one the defense attorney that brought it all these imaginary friends I've counted. Tim so far including one name  Juliette Lewis  you know the Hollywood star and all the And you know I think that really damages. Tot mom Casey Anthony's credibility ", "all these imaginary friends I've counted. Tim so far including one name Juliette Lewis you know the Hollywood star and all the -- And you know I think that really damages. Tot mom Casey Anthony's credibility "]