['You\'ve got to be crazy,\' and he said, \'Just get a great idea, just get a great idea,\' and I got a great idea:  Julie Taymor ," he said. At the time, Taymor was a little-known theater savant. She had directed edgy, pioneering productions ', "relentless pressure for the show's success. The director  Julie Taymor  acknowledged that it was a huge undertaking from the safety violations and the departure of its director,  Julie Taymor . 8. In late March, T.V. Carpio, the actress who ", "Injured 'Spider-Man' Actor Chris Tierney Says He Knew He Wanted to Come Back to the Show Despite Horrific Fall", 'show opened for previews last November and director  Julie Taymor  left, Bono and The Edge said they agreed with much comment for this story. U2\'s Bono and The Edge Praise  Julie Taymor \'s Work "Julie would not accept this," Bono said ', "'Spider-Man: Turn Off the Dark': U2's Bono Says He Agreed With Bad Reviews, But the Troubled Musical Has Revived", 'Svennevik/ABC News In their first television interview since the show opened for previews last November and director  Julie Taymor  left, Bono and The Edge said they agreed with much of the criticism of the show. The New York Post called "Spider-Man ', "wrote the score. It is their first television interview since the show opened for previews last November and director  Julie Taymor , the show's creative mastermind, was fired. They told us they agreed with much of the criticism of the show but ", "the most expensive in Broadway history -- which teams Bono and The Edge from U2 with famed stage and film director  Julie Taymor . Producers had recently pushed back the show's opening night from Jan. 11 to Feb. 7 and it's unclear if the next ", 'the debut of a song from the highly-anticipated Broadway musical, "SPIDER-MAN Turn Off The Dark ." Directed by  Julie Taymor , the musical features music by international rock superstars Bono and The Edge of U2. The show\'s star, Reeve Carney ', "isn't a fad and clear shelf space. Also adding to the buzz: Marvel is working on a Spider-Man musical with director  Julie Taymor  (The Lion King) and music from U2's Bono and The Edge. All this attention to comics and their offshoots has ", 'for a comeback. Mike Nichols directs. Bernard B. Jacobs. Telecharge. Closes July 20. The Lion King. Director  Julie Taymor  is a modern-day Merlin, creating a stage version of the Disney animated hit that makes you truly believe in the magic ', 'piece of bacteria] had its own personality it was set inside a person\'s mouth!" His big break came last year in  Julie Taymor \'s "Across The Universe" a project he was initially skeptical about. The film was described to him as a "Beatles ', 'Golden Globe Best Picture nominee "Across the Universe" gets the deluxe, two-disc treatment on DVD and Blu Ray.  Julie Taymor \'s Beatles musical is filled with creative choreography and strong, original interpretations of the Fab Four\'s music ', 'Disney Theatrical Productions President Thomas Schumacher took the bold chance of entrusting "The Lion King" to  Julie Taymor , the renowned experimental theater veteran versed in mime, Indonesian dance-theater and Japanese shadow puppetry ', 'get a great idea. And I got a great idea.  Julie taymor . Reporter: At the time,  julie taymor  was a little-known theater virtuoso. She Everybody told us we were crazy to work with  julie taymor . The broadway community assumed this would ', 'said just get a great idea. And I got a great idea. Julie taymor . Reporter: At the time, julie taymor was a little-known theater virtuoso. She had directed operas. But never mainstream broadway. Everybody told us we were crazy to work with julie taymor . The broadway community assumed this would be a massive disaster. Reporter: But the disney team decided the bigger the risk, the bigger ', 'like that. Not like that? No. Ever. In any place. Reporter: And julie taymor is no stranger to magical moments. In 1998, "lion king" earned six tony awards. Julie became the first woman ever to win ']