['the opportunity to be able to take them in and take care of them and give them the humane care that they deserve,"  Karen Allen , Chimp Haven\'s national advancement director, told ABC News. The move to end most research projects using chimpanzees ', 'they have appeared in. For example, Harrison Ford starred in "Indiana Jones and the Raiders of the Lost Ark" with  Karen Allen . Allen starred in "Animal House" alongside Bacon, therefore giving Ford a Bacon number of two. To search, just ', 'Wilderness Area. He is quickly recovering from his happy ending. "My son is amazingly doing well," his mother,  Karen Allen , said on "Good Morning America" today. "I just spent the night with him in the hospital. He\'s a little restless ', 'Last Crusade" concluded without a cliffhanger, but "Crystal Skull" will revisit bits from other films, including  Karen Allen \'s feisty Marion Ravenwood from 1981\'s "Raiders of the Lost Ark." The artifact of the title is inspired by real ', "University of New York at Buffalo has been especially active in studying the contributions pets make to our lives.  Karen Allen  studied 48 stockbrokers, half of whom were assigned a dog or a cat, and half of whom didn't get a dog or a cat ", 'interview at the Hotel Carlton, she wandered into the hall and caused a stir among "Crystal Skull\'s" George Lucas,  Karen Allen  and Harrison Ford, who flashed his wry smile and enveloped her with a hug and kiss on the cheek. Jolie says the ', "race to obtain a mysterious crystal skull. Along for the ride are Indy's former lover Marion Ravenwood, played by  Karen Allen , and a young sidekick, Mutt, played by Shia LeBoeuf, who might be Indy's son. But never mind the plot -- this ", 'Archaeological Institute of America. "It wouldn\'t be quite as much fun if you followed protocol, I think," said  Karen Allen , who is reprising her "Raiders" role as Indy\'s old flame Marion Ravenwood. "Crystal Skull" reunites Allen with ', "more helpful than drugs, at least in some cases. One dramatic example comes from New York's University at Buffalo.  Karen Allen , a research scientist in the division of clinical pharmacology in the university's School of Medicine and Biomedical ", "Indiana Jones is back on the big  Karen Allen  is reaching a new generation of Indy fans. It's been ladies and gentlemen please welcome the one and only  Karen Allen . Okay. And looks likely there and hand. Was it. and ", "Indiana Jones is back on the big -- Karen Allen is reaching a new generation of Indy fans. It's been almost thirty years since He fought the Nazis in raiders have lost market now she's back creating what cracks and wisecracks repairs -- -- In Indiana Jones and the kingdom of the crystal -- -- ladies and gentlemen please welcome the one and only Karen Allen . Okay. And looks likely there and hand. Was it. -- and the red carpet -- everybody unbelievable I mean standing at the ", "the site. Any birthday dot cops. Here's a good explanation to babies born today were most likely conceived on New Year's G among the famous people celebrating birthdays today Jesse Eisenberg Kate Winslet Mario LeMieux and  Karen Allen .", 'famous people celebrating birthdays today Jesse Eisenberg Kate Winslet Mario LeMieux and Karen Allen . ', "district I've been on a booster club now that the Garrett Gilbert high with three years for baseball and one year for.  Karen Allen  never had a had to worry about it a crew I just. I think our whole team is The booster club paid almost 500 dollars ", 'Garrett Gilbert high with three years for baseball and one year for. Karen Allen never had a had to worry about it -- a crew -- -- -- I just. I think our whole team is ', "it's how long have you I think we met him that night. you top dog paying. what. What they have that was so special.  Karen Allen  and Ricky in my opinion they aren't the best baseball team in the world. Doing freestyle. Because this woman that ", "top dog paying. -- what. What they have that was so special. Karen Allen and Ricky in my opinion they aren't the best baseball team in the world. Doing freestyle. Because this woman that America's got ", "traditional way of living by the trounced. The coming at the went eased that. Cattle others lifeblood of these people people who have nothing else it'll take a whole generation to rebuild their lives.  Karen Allen  BBC news which northern Kenya.", "have nothing else it'll take a whole generation to rebuild their lives. Karen Allen BBC news which -- northern Kenya. ", "the two young actors Jeffrey ignorant. just spectacular. And I it was also an opportunity for me to do picture with  Karen Allen  An actor and actress I've for a long time she plays alive. She just the fact that she plays the wife really wrote ", "I it was also an opportunity for me to do picture with Karen Allen -- An actor and actress I've -- for a long time she plays alive. She just the fact that she plays the ", "million toothpicks. I'm 45 gallons of glue no mean feat I've considered a work of art. And patience. And time and  Karen Allen  and creating and our contacts in Atlanta. It's been three decades since then love for toothpick building began and ", "I've considered a work of art. And -- patience. And time and Karen Allen and -- creating and our contacts in Atlanta. It's been three decades since then -- love for toothpick building began and for "]