['Getty Images/John Shearer/WireImage  Kate Bosworth  has casually announced to the world that she is engaged to her beau, Michael Polish. Photos: Hollywood in Love The 29-year-old ', 'week. Herds of iPhone-toting fans congregated around the newly single Skarsgard, who recently split with actress  Kate Bosworth . But he sunk his teeth into friendly banter with his "True Blood" co-star, Kristin Bauer.', 'depends on the shape of your head and face. When he styled Gwyneth Paltrow, he went for a sleek, high pony. But  Kate Bosworth  and Amanda Seyfried called for a messy side braid, Josh said. Get the Best Look for Your Face The best style for ', "22-year-old star's way of crying out for help. Nicole Richie, Katie Holmes, Victoria Beckham, Angelina Jolie and  Kate Bosworth  are just a few of the A-list celebrities whose willowy frames have garnered inquiries. It's this criticism that ", 'another cast of characters cyclically making headlines because of their bony bodies, among them, Mischa Barton,  Kate Bosworth , Angelina Jolie and Katie Holmes . The fashion industry can crow about curvy figures making a comeback, but in a ', "Lionardo DiCaprio's Appian Way, featuring Amy Adams, will.i.am, Jennifer Aniston, Kevin Bacon, Halle Berry,  Kate Bosworth , Kevin Connolly, Courteney Cox, Ellen DeGeneres, Leonardo DiCaprio, Jamie Foxx, Jonah Hill, Dustin Hoffman ", 'American Beauty") as the genius professor, Jim Sturgess ("Across the Universe") as the goof-turned-Casanova,  Kate Bosworth  ("Superman Returns") as the token eye candy and Laurence Fishburne ("The Matrix") as the casino enforcer who ', 'Partying Vegas Style To prepare for the role, Sturgess and the rest of the cast (which includes Kevin Spacey and  Kate Bosworth ) took to the Las Vegas lifestyle. So much so, in fact, that living there for a month and a half took its toll on ', "305-$479.99 -- www.fryeboots.com Who's wearing them: Jessica Simpson, Mary Kate and Ashley Olsen,  Kate Bosworth , Sienna Miller, Britney Spears, Nicole Ritchie, Carrie Underwood. Bags Balenciaga Bag Fuchsia Metallic, price ", 'our eyes. "More and more celebrities are losing weight very quickly," said Us Weekly editor Caroline Schaefer. " Kate Bosworth , Ellen Pompeo, Keira Knightley. The list goes on. Stars are just getting smaller and smaller." Bosworth made ', "305-$479.99 -- www.fryeboots.com Who's wearing them: Jessica Simpson, Mary Kate and Ashley Olsen,  Kate Bosworth , Sienna Miller, Britney Spears, Nicole Ritchie, Carrie Underwood. Bags Balenciaga Bag Fuchsia Metallic, price ", 'chewing over whispers that Cruise originally had a list of young women he was looking to date and another Kate --  Kate Bosworth  -- topped the list. Cruise\'s camp denies that report (Bosworth\'s issued a "no comment").This would hardly ', 'Jennifer Lopez, Reese Witherspoon and  Kate Bosworth  have been seen sporting the "sock bun."', "about this group of strong women in real life and your characters seem like they're super stop. Yes they are and  Kate Bosworth  also. Is a tremendous actors but also got a great sense of humor girls' girl. And I think he needed to have a crew ", "and your characters seem like they're super stop. Yes they are and Kate Bosworth also. Is a tremendous actors but also got a great sense of humor girls' girl. And I think he -- needed to ", "'Don't Trust the B' Roommate Nightmares: Star Krysten Ritter Dishes on Funny New Show", "character I do you also mentioned this Friday. The movie he wrote yeah starred in the adult life happens is dropping  Kate Bosworth  bills and I saw a female swingers and I'm completely and tell us about that. Yes about two girls that young and ", "movie he wrote yeah starred in the adult life happens is dropping Kate Bosworth -- bills and I saw a female swingers and I'm completely and tell us about that. Yes -- about two girls that ", "be affected babies that wrapped already wrapped I think that'll do festivals appointment was with Chris and Mary  Kate Bosworth  and such it's it's really fun fantastic about that was your role and that one. Well I played a Christian anti ", "I think that'll do festivals -- appointment was with Chris and Mary Kate Bosworth and such it's it's really fun fantastic -- -- about that was your role and that one. Well I played a Christian ", "but more more women are less interest in those red carpet looks. And more reality. Wanting to do with stars like  Kate Bosworth  Kelly very good car dash Ian Blair the rest of the times. This was an instance where we've found a picture of Kim ", "And more -- -- -- reality. Wanting to do with stars like Kate Bosworth Kelly very good car dash Ian Blair the rest of the times. This was an instance where we've found a picture of ", "aren't a lot of a list actors and actresses in the lineup. But you know it's gambling it's really fast it does have  Kate Bosworth  and people are really continuing to love in coming out to see it in a big way. I read an another debut this week coming ", "it's gambling it's really fast -- it does have -- -- -- Kate Bosworth and people are really continuing to love -- in coming out to see it in a big way. I read an another ", 'learned that so you know like again. Glamorous but just. On the if you know anything about Hollywood today like that  Kate Bosworth  and yet she popped this bombing in Iraq over black side of the road. Or you can Wear black tie with the empirical ', 'On the if you know anything about Hollywood today like that -- Kate Bosworth and yet she popped this bombing in Iraq over -- -- black side of the road. Or you can Wear black tie ']