["lets you It it and it. Lot like yes but it like it meant it at all. Feel like battle lost them. And just like craziness is good it just feels like everything it turned upside down and it's it's I think they'll pull it together. And I'll make at all work but it does but it just feels like it's like", "bit Smith in the includes commercial and was take a look at it. Broderick. You have excellent taste and automobiles  Ben Stein  says he thinks it's pretty messed up that hon of various Booth just. During the Super Bowl and didn't bother to put ", "a look at it. Broderick. -- You have excellent taste and automobiles Ben Stein says he thinks it's pretty messed up that hon -- of various -- Booth just. During the Super Bowl and didn't bother ", "they were jumping I was the policy panel Hackensack was surrounded by the mean girls right outside of her voice coaches  Ben Stein  home I headed. And not in my head I was. had a gash in my face. I head. A gash about my which wasn't it 66. Stitches ", 'was surrounded by the mean girls right outside of her voice coaches Ben Stein home I headed. And not in my head I was. -- -- had a gash in my face. I head. A gash ', 'into gold literally storing more than 6000. Gold bars With him go on forever. This is what actor economist commentator  Ben Stein  told us in September when we did a story in the stunning gold prices there. I think people are counting on to be sure ', 'him -- go on forever. This is what actor economist -- commentator Ben Stein told us in September when we did a story in the stunning -- -- gold prices -- there. I think people are ', 'it could burst. I have no idea what is driving except kind of a wild and I think someone misguided. Hysterical fear.  Ben Stein  the actor writer is economics commentator is wary of frenzy for told right now. I think people are counting on to be ', '-- kind of a wild and I think someone misguided. Hysterical fear. Ben Stein the actor writer is economics commentator is wary of -- frenzy for told right now. I think people are counting on to ', "don't miss that little. For the news it's a terrific place to relax and retired. I joined them on a shopping run  Ben Stein . For shoot bald and her twin boys it's a perfect place to raise a family. To my outlook hides. And my kids. the ", "to relax and retired. I joined them on a shopping run -- Ben Stein . For -- shoot bald and her twin boys it's a perfect place to raise a family. To my outlook hides. And my ", "Author and former GE CEO Jack Welch predicted it would feel like a recession but wouldn't be one. Economist and author  Ben Stein  agreed saying our economy is nowhere near as bad as the media is making it out to be so the bottom line for your bottom ", "would feel like a recession but wouldn't be one. Economist and author Ben Stein agreed saying our economy is nowhere near as bad as the media is making it out to be so the bottom line ", "Yale. Take the case of and its football and academic rival have a total of 35 billion dollars in the bank. You graduate  Ben Stein  took a lot of flak from his fellow alumni. When he suggested universities like Yale and Harvard we're getting a disproportionate ", "have a total of 35 billion dollars in the bank. You graduate Ben Stein took a lot of flak from his fellow alumni. When he suggested universities like Yale and Harvard we're getting a disproportionate. Percentage "]