['GO TO BED WITH MILEY CYRUS ON "JIMMY KIMMEL LIVE" AND WAKE UP WITH THE GLOBAL SUPERSTAR ON "GOOD MORNING AMERICA"', 'Charlize Theron, John Krasinski, Jennifer Garner, Jessica Biel, Justin Bieber, Jessica Simpson, Kate Beckinsale,  Ben Stiller , Jonah Hill, Andy Samberg, Michelle Williams, Zac Efron, Charlie Sheen, Chris Pine, Jeremy Renner, Jada Pinkett ', "5 Things You Don't Know About Michelle Williams' Possible New Beau, Dustin Yellin", 'by his "old friend" Vito Schnabel, the young art dealer who was once linked to Demi Moore, but Lance Armstrong,  Ben Stiller , Kate Hudson and Kirsten Dunst are all reportedly fans of his work. 5. HE LOVES DOGS : In 2012 (before Sandy hit ', 'guys never did that. They did well but they never said they were models." Gandy, half jokingly, credited actor  Ben Stiller \'s title character in the movie "Zoolander" for putting a negative but hilarious spin on the male model. In the ', 'One tradition at the Webby Awards is that winners, which this year also included Kevin Spacey, Jerry Seinfeld,  Ben Stiller  and Fred Armisen, are allowed to make only "five-word speeches" when accepting their awards. Rather than speaking ', 'and turning her attention to the big screen. She recently filmed "The Secret Life of Walter Mitty" with director  Ben Stiller . "He just did an amazing job," she gushed. She is currently gearing up for production of "Anchorman: The Legend ', 'from an Animated Movie Chris Rock, "Madagascar 3: Europe\'s Most Wanted" Adam Sandler, "Hotel Transylvania"  Ben Stiller , "Madagascar 3: Europe\'s Most Wanted" Taylor Swift, "The Lorax" Favorite Male Buttkicker Robert Downey Jr ', 'Superstorm gathered on stage. The telecast featured celebrity appearances by Billy Crystal, Susan Sarandon, Adam Sandler,  Ben Stiller , Kristen Stewart, Jon Stewart, Stephen Colbert, Diddy, Olivia Wilde, Steve Buscemi, Chris Rock, Seth Meyers ', 'came out too late to be considered in this list, has so far earned $84 million on a $30 million budget.  Ben Stiller  Comic  Ben Stiller  returns $6.50 for every dollar he is paid. His film from last year, "Tower Heist," which co-starred ', 'small film roles including appearances in 2009\'s "Fast & Furious" and "Percy Jackson & the Olympians: The Lightning Thief." He is best-known for his role in 2008\'s "Tropic Thunder" alongside  Ben Stiller  and Robert Downey Jr.', 'announcing she had been unknowingly, legally married for 20 years. Speaking at a New York Comedy Festival reunion for "The  Ben Stiller  Show," the 48-year-old explained that she married writer Rob Cohen as a joke in Las Vegas in the 1990s, and didn\'t ', 'Courtesy of North Shore Animal League America Stars from Snooki and  Ben Stiller  to Madonna and newlyweds Justin Timberlake and Jessica Biel have been spotted giving back to the victims of superstorm Sandy ', 'been pitching in since the storm hit. Last week, Snooki donated her comfy slippers, clothes and blankets, while  Ben Stiller  doled out pancakes in Brooklyn. @Snooki/Twitter "I\'m coming with clothes to keep warm!!!" she tweeted, followed ', 'Snooki/Twitter Snooki donated her comfy slippers while  Ben Stiller  doled out pancakes as the stars do what they can to help Giving " to raise money for hurricane-relief efforts.  Ben Stiller  also took time out to help storm victims. The "Zoolander ', "talking Liggett. You're talking like that and I talk like that. Okay everybody just tossing from tower heist with  Ben Stiller  and I've been very clever to invite and to the show right he You are still fuming. And I am I've shaken off care ", "I talk like that. Okay everybody just tossing from tower heist with Ben Stiller and I've been very clever to invite and -- to the show right -- he -- You -- are still fuming. And ", 'It\'s a figment of any parent\'s vivid imagination. Sending a kid off to camp and I\'m getting a counselor like  ben stiller . That\'s hollywood\'s version of a weight loss camp but when a regular counselor uses the "f" word, fat, she ', 'Sending a kid off to camp and I\'m getting a counselor like ben stiller . That\'s hollywood\'s version of a weight loss camp but when a regular counselor uses the "f" word, fat, she was unnerved by ', "begin with some movie news. You loved him in the spandex, those losers that peppered each Now hollywood funny men  ben stiller  and vince vaughn are back with more dodge ball. I wasn't aware we were clamoring for more. I have been for years ", "in the spandex, those losers that peppered each Now hollywood funny men ben stiller and vince vaughn are back with more dodge ball. I wasn't aware we were clamoring for more. I have been for years. ", "Suzy landa. Yes that's. Well I guess that would best known for its Steve. Starring  Ben Stiller  as they dimmed gained self centered male model  Ben Stiller  cured things help love that But it's no joke that the men's fashion industry rakes ", "I guess that would -- best known for its -- Steve. Starring Ben Stiller as they dimmed gained self centered male model Ben Stiller cured -- -- -- -- things -- help -- love that -- But it's no joke that the men's fashion industry rakes ", "Zealander. But the famous Zealand. Yes that's. Well become best known for its Steve. Starring  Ben Stiller  dimmed self centered male model  Ben Stiller  cured if Clinton can not things are help but love that But it's no joke that the men's fashion ", "Well -- -- -- become best known for its -- Steve. Starring Ben Stiller -- dimmed -- self centered male model Ben Stiller cured if Clinton can not -- things are -- help but love that -- But it's no joke that the men's fashion ", "the show my strange addiction on TLC is is it's a reality documentary to follow weird people who do weird things some of them. Some number of great and the show's been such a big success they're watching now celebrity addition. We got a preview of episode number one it premieres this week and it"]