['Jennifer Lopez, Reese Witherspoon and Kate Bosworth have been seen sporting the "sock bun."', "about this group of strong women in real life and your characters seem like they're super stop. Yes they are and  Kate Bosworth  also. Is a tremendous actors but also got a great sense of humor girls' girl. And I think he needed to have a crew ", "and your characters seem like they're super stop. Yes they are and Kate Bosworth also. Is a tremendous actors but also got a great sense of humor girls' girl. And I think he -- needed to ", "'Don't Trust the B' Roommate Nightmares: Star Krysten Ritter Dishes on Funny New Show", "character I do you also mentioned this Friday. The movie he wrote yeah starred in the adult life happens is dropping  Kate Bosworth  bills and I saw a female swingers and I'm completely and tell us about that. Yes about two girls that young and ", "movie he wrote yeah starred in the adult life happens is dropping Kate Bosworth -- bills and I saw a female swingers and I'm completely and tell us about that. Yes -- about two girls that ", "be affected babies that wrapped already wrapped I think that'll do festivals appointment was with Chris and Mary  Kate Bosworth  and such it's it's really fun fantastic about that was your role and that one. Well I played a Christian anti ", "I think that'll do festivals -- appointment was with Chris and Mary Kate Bosworth and such it's it's really fun fantastic -- -- about that was your role and that one. Well I played a Christian ", "but more more women are less interest in those red carpet looks. And more reality. Wanting to do with stars like  Kate Bosworth  Kelly very good car dash Ian Blair the rest of the times. This was an instance where we've found a picture of Kim ", "And more -- -- -- reality. Wanting to do with stars like Kate Bosworth Kelly very good car dash Ian Blair the rest of the times. This was an instance where we've found a picture of ", "aren't a lot of a list actors and actresses in the lineup. But you know it's gambling it's really fast it does have  Kate Bosworth  and people are really continuing to love in coming out to see it in a big way. I read an another debut this week coming ", "it's gambling it's really fast -- it does have -- -- -- Kate Bosworth and people are really continuing to love -- in coming out to see it in a big way. I read an another ", 'learned that so you know like again. Glamorous but just. On the if you know anything about Hollywood today like that  Kate Bosworth  and yet she popped this bombing in Iraq over black side of the road. Or you can Wear black tie with the empirical ', 'On the if you know anything about Hollywood today like that -- Kate Bosworth and yet she popped this bombing in Iraq over -- -- black side of the road. Or you can Wear black tie ']