['Actor Cress Williams is 43. TV host Chris Harrison ("The Bachelor"; "The Bachelorette") is 42. Actress  Kate Beckinsale  is 40. Rock musician Dan Konopka (OK Go) is 39. Gospel/Contemporary Christian singer Rebecca St. James is 36 ', 'is 47. Actor Cress Williams ("Close to Home") is 43. Host Chris Harrison of "The Bachelor" is 42. Actress  Kate Beckinsale  ("The Aviator," \'\'Pearl Harbor") is 40. Drummer Dan Konopka of OK Go is 39. July 27: TV producer Norman ', 'GO TO BED WITH MILEY CYRUS ON "JIMMY KIMMEL LIVE" AND WAKE UP WITH THE GLOBAL SUPERSTAR ON "GOOD MORNING AMERICA"', 'Channing Tatum, Charlize Theron, John Krasinski, Jennifer Garner, Jessica Biel, Justin Bieber, Jessica Simpson,  Kate Beckinsale , Ben Stiller, Jonah Hill, Andy Samberg, Michelle Williams, Zac Efron, Charlie Sheen, Chris Pine, Jeremy Renner ', "feel the way they do. Click through to see other celebrities speaking out against plastic surgery.  Kate Beckinsale  British actress  Kate Beckinsale  has said she's put off by all the surgically enhanced women around her in Hollywood and would prefer ", 'stunning, dystopian, sci-fi eye candy. This is also a good place to write "Speaking of stunning..." but  Kate Beckinsale  and Jessica Biel are so much more. Yet, like Farrell, Biel is underutilized here. Thankfully, Beckinsale isn\'t ', 'Hollywood didn\'t prepare  Kate Beckinsale  for one crucial role: being the mother of a teenage daughter. "I haven\'t been embarrassing [to somebody] before," the ', "to hold back time with Botox and more, Hollywood stars who choose to age gracefully make headlines. The latest is  Kate Beckinsale  , who says she's put off by all the surgically enhanced women around her in Hollywood and would prefer to age the ", 'sides. Biel stars in the upcoming "Total Recall" reboot, in which she goes mano-a-mano with English beauty  Kate Beckinsale . "Our fight scene isn\'t overtly sexy: just two trained fighters who happen to be women kicking the s**t out ', 'Two of the evening\'s funniest lines, however, didn\'t come from Gervais at all. Presenting an award with sexy  Kate Beckinsale , Seth Rogen took the podium and said, "I\'m Seth Rogen, currently trying to conceal a massive erection." When ', 'dressing stars like Eva Longoria Parker (Golden Globes 2009), Angelina Jolie ("Changeling" Cannes Premiere 2008),  Kate Beckinsale  (Grammy Awards 2009) and Christina Applegate (Emmy Awards 2008), among others. When Robin went to the dress ', "Answer: Oh, female? My celebrity crush. Let me think. I don't know that I have one. This is a tough one.  Kate Beckinsale  -- looks like my wife. I'll go with her. Question: With your crazy schedule, what do you Tivo? Answer: I ", 'and has since scored roles in the Sex in the City movie and Winged Creatures, an upcoming indie flick also starring  Kate Beckinsale  and Forest Whitaker. Her movie roles, along with a well-regarded album and endorsements from Gap and Avon, earned ', 'Then there are stars who show-and-tell a bit too much. Like P Diddy. Following in the path paved by actress  Kate Beckinsale , who told Allure magazine earlier this year that she named her "spectacular" nether regions "The Pharaoh\'s Tomb ', "also had your big fight scene in the elevator, with  kate beckinsale . It seems like guys like the girl fight scenes. It was terrifying. It's  kate beckinsale . She's this statuesque beautiful woman and fights ", "And you also had your big fight scene in the elevator, with kate beckinsale . It seems like guys like the girl fight scenes. It was terrifying. It's kate beckinsale . She's this statuesque beautiful woman and fights vampires and monsters all the time. And her husband is the director. It was nerve-racking. "]