['before the business goes on to makes millions. The star-studded cast includes Jon Hamm, Bill Hader, Eva Mendes,  Kate Hudson , Danny McBride, Michael Keaton, and J.B. Smoove, who appeared in "Curb."', 'biopic "Lovelace." The "Les Miserables" actress landed the role once coveted by Lindsay Lohan, Olivia Wilde and  Kate Hudson . "I read the script and I was like, \'Wow, this is the riskiest thing that\'s happening [in Hollywood] right ', 'which agreed to cover the balance in a deal made at the Cannes Film Festival. In addition to Braff, the cast includes  Kate Hudson , Mandy Patinkin, Anna Kendrick and fellow "Scrubs" star Donald Faison. Karen Black Celebrities are using crowd-funding ', "5 Things You Don't Know About Michelle Williams' Possible New Beau, Dustin Yellin", 'friend" Vito Schnabel, the young art dealer who was once linked to Demi Moore, but Lance Armstrong, Ben Stiller,  Kate Hudson  and Kirsten Dunst are all reportedly fans of his work. 5. HE LOVES DOGS : In 2012 (before Sandy hit), Yellin gave ', 'not put that knowledge to use." While the pair were apart, Scott was linked to tennis star Ana Ivanovic and actress  Kate Hudson . But it appears that he and Kojzar are very much together again. "It\'s embarrassing but flattering," he told ', 'Elle UK Looks like  Kate Hudson  has put her hard-partying days behind her. The 33-year-old actress and mother of two tells Elle\'s UK edition , "I\'m ', 'It pays to be related to the stars. Michael Jackson\'s 16 year-old-son Prince is following in his father\'s Hollywood footprints and is working in the entertainment industry. Prince Jackson has landed a gig as special correspondent for "Entertainment Tonight." "I\'m looking to become well-rounded as a', "Vivienne Jolie-Pitt's Acting Debut, Plus 7 More Celeb Kids Mimicking Their Parents", 'It pays to star in an Angelina Jolie movie. Just ask her 4-year-old daughter, Vivienne Jolie-Pitt. It was announced last year that Vivienne -- one of six kids Jolie has with her fiance Brad Pitt -- will appear in her mom\'s Disney film "Maleficent," which tells the story of Sleeping Beauty from the', 'gave birth to their son Aleph in June 2011. And the couple officially tied the knot in August 2012.  Kate Hudson  and Matt Bellamy  Kate Hudson  began dating Muse frontman Matt Bellamy in April 2010. A year later the rocker popped the question ', "David Beckham's son Romeo is following in his famous dad's footsteps, and we're not talking about the soccer field. Romeo, who turns 11 in January, is the star of Burberry's Spring/Summer 2013 ad campaign. Rocking a kids' trench coat and a big grin, he looks like a natural in front of the camera.", 'With Tom Cruise and Nicole Kidman as parents, one would think Connor Cruise would follow in their footsteps to become an award-winning actor. But Cruise has music in his future. The 17-year-old deejayed on "Live with Kelly and Michael" Monday, playing music for the audience and the hosts during', 'Martin Sheen is the father of actors Charlie Sheen and Emilio Estevez. Actress Goldie Hawn is the mother of actress  Kate Hudson . Actress Demi Moore and her ex-husband, actor Bruce Willis, are the parents of Rumer Willis, who was featured ', "and that beautiful spread inside. From a consumer standpoint, I still marvel at gorgeous covers, like the one of  Kate Hudson  on Harper's Bazaar , which I actually bought. Sometimes, I just need that tactile experience. I think of this, the ", "so far this year to me is Matthew McCall date in mind. This is an actor people off that you say economy I didn't  Kate Hudson  movies I mean this nothing and in mud. He gives the kind of performance working with two child actors that make you ", "actor people -- off that you say economy I -- didn't -- Kate Hudson movies I mean this -- nothing and -- in mud. He gives the kind of performance working with two child actors that ", 'Robin roberts and -- the lovely  kate hudson . You\'re right about that, sam, sees her taking on delighted. Please welcome, the beautiful, the talented,  kate hudson  here to "good morning america." Thank you. You had ', 'Robin roberts and -- the lovely kate hudson . You\'re right about that, sam, sees her taking on an emotionally-charged role. She plays a grieves artist who embarks in a relationship with a young pakistani man just before the september 11th attacks. The story chronicles the impact it has on their relationship and their lives. We are delighted. Please welcome, the beautiful, the talented, kate hudson here to "good morning america." Thank you. You had a late night? I had a late night. Whoa. I had a late ', "allowed yeah yeah yeah that's around back up the other skillet coming out and saying some pretty nasty thing Novak  Kate Hudson  top honor. The bill Hudson has penned a scandalous tell all called two versions the other side of fame and family ", 'the other skillet coming out and saying some pretty nasty thing Novak Kate Hudson top honor. The bill Hudson has penned a scandalous tell all called two versions the other side of fame and family. And ', 'So as the baby of groups say. I mean why do I mean I obviously there read Iraq and wrong the same we off San wing. But if I was to put a moment to let this many felt like for me. It was that all of this work and all of all of the routing and everybody was doing for each other all the support in all', 'New photo that came out of  Kate Hudson  who is of course pregnant. this house pregnant she is that apparently she was drinking some time this is course and a lot of us ', 'New photo that came out of Kate Hudson who is of course pregnant. -- this house pregnant she is that apparently she was drinking some time this is course and ', "Hudson the golden locks have landed her in trouble the fool's gold starlet is being sued over a hair care line she created with her celebrity stylist. The eco friendly collection features a unique ingredient volcanic ash. But according to the it's so unique they're suing the actress and her", "I'm having lunch with today. I don't know. How they Lance Armstrong not. sucked so much a good work but that. The invention that. Yes well we room is about you in Lansing which kept him to conform them. I I suspect. who's been on the show next week high chance eyewitness. All guy is the I can't"]