["along with girlfriend-of-the-moment Stacy Keibler , will join director Stephen Spielberg and his wife, actress  Kate Capshaw  , at Time's table, The Hill reported. This year will be the third in a row that Spielberg has attended the dinner ", "along with girlfriend-of-the-moment Stacy Keibler , will join director Stephen Spielberg and his wife, actress  Kate Capshaw  , at Time's table, The Hill reported. This year will be the third in a row that Spielberg has attended the dinner ", 'the Hollywood circle," Peros said. Already, DiCaprio has taken Lively sailing with Steven Spielberg and his wife,  Kate Capshaw , aboard a yacht on the French Riviera. While pictures from that expedition show them embracing and being affectionate ', 'According to Forbes , Spielberg and Irving had the third-costliest Hollywood divorce. The marriage lasted for four years and produced a son, Max Samuel. Spielberg, who is now worth $3 billion, married actress  Kate Capshaw  in 1991.', 'According to Forbes , Spielberg and Irving had the third-costliest Hollywood divorce. The marriage lasted for four years and produced a son, Max Samuel. Spielberg, who is now worth $3 billion, married actress  Kate Capshaw  in 1991.', 'but before them, Steven Spielberg and his wife,  Kate Capshaw , and Tom Cruise and then wife Nicole Kidman, adopted how to talk to them about racism. Steven Spielberg,  Kate Capshaw  and their son Theo "The problem is we don\'t live ', 'but before them, Steven Spielberg and his wife,  Kate Capshaw , and Tom Cruise and then wife Nicole Kidman, adopted how to talk to them about racism. Steven Spielberg,  Kate Capshaw  and their son Theo "The problem is we don\'t live ', 'but before them, Steven Spielberg and his wife,  Kate Capshaw , and Tom Cruise and then wife Nicole Kidman, adopted how to talk to them about racism. Steven Spielberg,  Kate Capshaw  and their son Theo "The problem is we don\'t live ', "History and Education, which has recorded over 50,000 Holocaust survivors' testimonies. Steven is married to actress  Kate Capshaw  and is the father of seven children. When Leah describes her own parents and upbringing, the role models for a son ", "Rosanna Arquette; Angela Bassett; Spielberg's wife,  Kate Capshaw ; Foster; and actress Jamie Gertz, among others Chevy Chase, Mary Steenburgen, Christine Lahti,  Kate Capshaw  and Jamie Gertz, among others. Michael Douglas, Val ", 'Hollywood stars and musicians were in the audience as history was made. Director Steven Speilberg and his wife  Kate Capshaw  sat in a skybox. Musician Melissa Etheridge performed "God Bless America." Joe Biden Officially Becomes VP Candidate ', "mogul Barry Diller. Her signature wrap dresses have been featured at New York's Metropolitan museum. Movie actress  Kate Capshaw  starred in Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom; that's how she got to know her future husband, director Steven ", "Sherry Lansing have all contributed to Clinton. Chevy Chase, Yahoo chairman Terry Semel, and Spielberg's wife,  Kate Capshaw , have contributed to Obama's previous Senate campaign. And Streisand, Chris Rock, Bill Cosby, Melanie Griffith "]