['The person in the room had to be  Kate Winslet  the perennial Oscar bridesmaid who began her night with a best supporting actress win for the reader. And then we shot to get ', 'The -- person in the room had to be Kate Winslet the perennial Oscar bridesmaid who began her night with a best supporting actress win for the reader. And then we shot to ', "for later this morning me the news that NT and we have some breaking. Hot days yeah. Herat get ready but I. Right  Kate Winslet  aren't really did it again will not it looks like roses her real life Jack hello well. Yeah hey hey there's apparently ", "have some breaking. Hot days yeah. Herat get ready but I. Right Kate Winslet aren't really did it again will not it looks like roses -- her real life Jack hello -- well. Yeah hey hey ", 'instant index" this thanksgiving night. A look at what\'s trending out there. And a quote this evening from actress  kate winslet . Meeting the queen for the first time. The okay car winning actress was honored by queen elizabeth with the commander ', "at what's trending out there. And a quote this evening from actress kate winslet . Meeting the queen for the first time. The okay car winning actress was honored by queen elizabeth with the commander of the ", "It seems inconceivable that there's just one  Kate Winslet  to cancel Dave because in the last few months when she's essence swap yourself right into your new life. And  Kate Winslet  is here to see how to I was Thanksgiving it was so did ", "It seems inconceivable that there's just one Kate Winslet to cancel Dave because in the last few months when she's popped up in four movies how did she do it. Her daring performance -- million children than the animated movie flushed away. And she's also got a romantic comedy coming out in early December it is with Jude Law Jack black and Cameron Diaz called the holiday and it asks. If you -- -- swap houses with someone could -- -- -- essence swap yourself right into your new life. And Kate Winslet is here to see how -- to I was Thanksgiving it was so -- did you cook for the whole family. I ", "This laws that default date night movie back in the late nineties girls dream their date look like the AM eight. We can't recreate that here amorous evenings that we are we creating this new 3-D experience on TV. So we Sex convict him I ended treatment all like us make it stop up ten enough that it", "I loved plant I love actually stand up for relevant and got that she's doing she is forming a British anti cosmetic sir are you award winning friends Emma Thompson and racial bias and look always. Come out again the surgery she says she's an actress needs. Her face of the natural she doesn't wanna", 'Kate Winslet  joins us now live from London to talk about this. Timeless classic is so good to see you again and have you seen it in 3-D yet ', 'Kate Winslet joins us now live from London to talk about this. Timeless classic is so good to see you again and have you ', 'Actor discusses how a private joke with his wife became a memorable Emmy speech.', "Nominated. Will be nominated for the Oscar but again. The this time the to think perhaps they know I did you know it's. It would be really I think that's what you know and I'm not but kind of pleasant but now it would be a feeling for me if it was to happen at some point in my life. Of just signal.", "Mean it's it's it's a massive chuckled you know without question. It is you jump through hoops I mean. I mean I'm doing this interview with you now on the just come from one another them prior to that on plane tonight the 5 in the morning and I will be on the school run. Tomorrow morning I apps", 'Leonardo DiCaprio,  Kate Winslet  and James Cameron join cast members for 3-D film', 'sank first time out. A scene re-e acted in the movies more than once. Most notably with WITH leonardo DiCaprio and  kate winslet  going overboard. But that was a hollywood "titanic," much of it the visualout put of a computer program. This ', 'the movies more than once. Most notably with WITH leonardo DiCaprio and kate winslet going overboard. But that was a hollywood "titanic," much of it the visualout put of a computer program. This, however, is the ', "worst movie ever. you know first I'll start off listen to some of that the actors in this maybe Hugh Taylor sisters  Kate Winslet  Hugh Jackman not Tammy watts Emma Stone and Uma Thurman. Richard Gere and even Snooki in this movie holly Berry is ", 'to some of that the actors in this maybe Hugh Taylor sisters Kate Winslet Hugh Jackman not Tammy watts Emma Stone and Uma Thurman. Richard Gere and even Snooki -- in this movie holly Berry is ', 'us now is lori bergamotto, contributing style editor of "lucky" magazine. We know this started with celebrities.  Kate winslet , perhaps, is credited with starting this dress. She kick-started the trend of THE stella McCartney miracle dress ', 'contributing style editor of "lucky" magazine. We know this started with celebrities. Kate winslet , perhaps, is credited with starting this dress. She kick-started the trend of THE stella McCartney miracle dress. You can get this look. ', 'were scattered, 15 shoppers injured by the glass. Sharks did not survive. To our person making the index tonight,  kate winslet . Back together for a moment with her "titanic" costar, leonardo DiCAPRIO, WALKING HER DOWN THE Aisle and giving ', 'glass. Sharks did not survive. To our person making the index tonight, kate winslet . Back together for a moment with her "titanic" costar, leonardo DiCAPRIO, WALKING HER DOWN THE Aisle and giving her away to her ', "I designer to the stars Stella McCartney. In pounds that would just gave her this great little tiny with great so  Kate Winslet  really gotten a lot of attention awareness that's. And it's not the only one who's this sexy. 16100. Dollar ", "gave her this great little tiny -- with great -- -- so Kate Winslet really gotten a lot of attention awareness that's. And it's not the only one who's -- this sexy. 16100. Dollar dress. We'll ", "duration of them get them communicate help and other from and everybody was right. To talk a little bit more about  Kate Winslet  she's there with her. Her children and your nine year old mom is there and she helped her get out safely and we must ", "from and everybody was right. To talk a little bit more about Kate Winslet she's there with her. Her children and your nine year old mom is there and she helped her get out safely and ", "margulies Affleck and Kelly Lisa I am going with her that sale is. Excellent and in a large part supports your car.  Kate Winslet  she's different and Iraq for Mildred that she wins. She also needs yet is that Tony right technician at the Grand ", "sale is. Excellent and in a large part -- supports your car. Kate Winslet she's different and Iraq for Mildred -- that she wins. She also needs yet is that Tony right technician at the Grand "]