["We all know and love her as doctor Addison Montgomery on private practice in Grey's Anatomy but.  Kate Walsh  is more than just an actress she is a strategic business woman who has a billionaire boyfriend. Just for you seriously. that ", "her as doctor Addison Montgomery on private practice in Grey's Anatomy but. Kate Walsh is more than just an actress she is a strategic business woman who has a billionaire boyfriend. Just for you seriously. -- ", 'revealing interview with more magazine private practice star  Kate Walsh  opened up about a major regret. Even though she has hit TV show the 43 year old actress says she feels like a loser for never ', '-- revealing interview with -- more magazine private practice star Kate Walsh opened up about a major regret. Even though she has hit TV show the 43 year old actress says she feels like ', "It's a time of new beginnings and actress  Kate Walsh 's life for her new marriage earlier this month. To her new show private practice which debuts tonight right here on ABC yes ", "It's a time of new beginnings and actress Kate Walsh's life for her new marriage earlier this month. To her new show private practice which debuts tonight right here on ABC yes ", "Kate Walsh  plays doctor Addison Montgomery on private practice and what her character isn't saving Think she's making time with some of ", "Kate Walsh plays doctor Addison Montgomery on private practice and what her character isn't saving -- Think she's making time with some of -- ", "Grey's is  Kate Walsh  is here she's one of the hottest stars on TV in the future is only getting brighter for this young lady for the first. Past ", "Grey's -- is Kate Walsh is here she's one of the hottest stars on TV in the future is only getting brighter for this young lady for ", "saying weird things I'm here He is at a roast last night. And lot of celebrities there William Shatner things like  Kate Walsh  let him have it and I have to say He took it really well. Brooke Mueller Charlie what's up in. She's not very bright ", "-- last night. And lot of celebrities there William Shatner things like Kate Walsh -- let him have it and I have to say He took it really well. Brooke Mueller Charlie -- what's up in. ", "mentioned to you Jennifer Aniston so I'm sure once those moves are. an end here has been looking good at being in shape  Kate Walsh  of phone Grey's Anatomy and private practice saying she is on the cover of shape magazine your breasts but. Didn't ", "-- an end here has been looking good at being in shape Kate Walsh of phone Grey's Anatomy and private practice saying she is on the cover of shape magazine -- your breasts but. Didn't have ", "Landing a big. Piece of news that just broke our friend  Kate Walsh  has decided to move on from. Private practice that in How does the hottest private practice live without  Kate Walsh  I would imagine I don't know that strong characters ", "show. Landing a big. Piece of news that just broke our friend Kate Walsh has decided to move on from. Private practice that in and yet she was it and it just announced and you know you've worked with are as he's gotten crossover. How does the hottest private practice live without Kate Walsh I would imagine I don't know that -- strong characters there -- -- W really insisting she's so much fun kid I ", "number of different sides rounding things out with private practice the show has apparently made the decision to surround  Kate Walsh  with his and and then as possible at all. Tim Daly dictating the receptionists. Isn't enough. Apparently not because ", "with private practice the show has apparently made the decision to surround Kate Walsh with his -- and and then as possible at all. Tim Daly dictating the -- receptionists. Isn't enough. Apparently not because we're ", "were in abundance on the topic. Festival we've got  Kate Walsh  that he's in a red satin dress hot or not saying will think she probably happened it will help. And then was  Kate Walsh  we'll say from grace not to me I'm kind of side kind ", "red dressings that were in abundance on the topic. Festival we've got Kate Walsh that he's in a red satin dress hot or not -- -- saying -- will read. Struck -- again stop this was ", "I think she probably happened it will help. And then -- was Kate Walsh we'll say from grace not to me I'm kind of -- side kind of game. But very much featured the earrings and ", "rounding out the list today is Grey's Anatomy spin off the popular character doctor Addison Montgomery Sheppard played by  Kate Walsh . Is getting her own program according to the Wall Street Journal. Big dream former wife will become one of a long list ", 'Anatomy spin off the popular character doctor Addison Montgomery Sheppard played by Kate Walsh . Is getting her own program according to the Wall Street Journal. Big dream -- former wife will become one of a long ', "rounding out the list today is Grey's Anatomy spinoff the popular character doctor Addison Montgomery Sheppard played by  Kate Walsh . Is getting her own program according to the Wall Street Journal. Big dream former wife will become one of a long list ", "Grey's Anatomy spinoff the popular character doctor Addison Montgomery Sheppard played by Kate Walsh . Is getting her own program according to the Wall Street Journal. Big dream -- former wife will become one of a long "]