["The U.S.-led military coalition says seven people died when a civilian cargo aircraft crashed at Bagram Air Field, north of the Afghan capital.In a statement, the coalition confirmed that all seven civilian crew members were killed in Monday's crash.The Taliban quickly claimed responsibility for the crash. But the coalition denied that, saying in a statement to The Associated Press that the militant group's statement was false.The coalition said there was no militant activity during the time of the crash.The coalition said the cause of the accident is being investigated....", 'A federal judge ruled Thursday that some prisoners in the war on terror can use U.S. civilian courts to challenge their detention at a military air base in Afghanist...', 'WASHINGTON -- A federal judge on Monday put a hold on his groundbreaking order allowing detainees at a U.S. air base in Afghanistan access to U.S. courts until an ap...', 'President Obama signed three executive orders in January that signaled his intent to close the prison at Guantanamo Bay, fulfilling a campaign promise popular with l...', 'Defense officials say four U.S. troops were killed Tuesday at or near Bagram Air Base in Afghanistan.Officials say the four were killed by indirect fire, likely a mo...', 'Taliban attack key US base in Afghanistan , killing 1 US contractor, wounding 9 troops', 'Report: Classified US document says Taliban ready to take power in Afghanistan , backed by Pakistan', "A highly-classified U.S. report that said the Taliban, backed by Pakistan, is ready to take control in Afghanistan was not an analysis of the military campaign's pro...", 'Unexploded ordnance left behind by NATO troops as they leave Afghanistan is killing and injuring a rising number of civilians, a UN demining group said Sunday.Mohamm...', "K.T. McFARLAND: On Mother's Day, the Women In Our Armed Forces Deserve Special Thanks", 'By Kathleen Troia "K.T." McFarland National Security ExpertBagram Airbase May 5, 2009Sunday is Mother\'s Day. Mothers with young children will no doubt get breakfast ...', 'Detainees at Bagram Air Field in Afghanistan cannot use U.S. courts to challenge their imprisonment the way detainees in Guantanamo Bay have, a federal appeals court...', 'Jamie Brokaw was an experienced navigator who was no stranger to dangerous flying situations and had the skills to stay cool in the face of danger, according to clos...', 'The NATO-led coalition in Afghanistan on Monday turned over to Afghan authorities complete control of the Bagram prison, where many inmates are being held without tr...', 'Four suspected Arab terrorists broke out of a U.S. military detention facility in Afghanistan on Monday, fleeing through barbed wire stockades in the first escape fr...', "US says 7 insurgents dead in 'ongoing attack' on Bagram Air Field , 5 NATO troops hurt", 'Afghan President Hamid Karzai demanded Thursday that the U.S. detention center at Bagram Air Base be handed over to Afghan control within a month, along with all Afg...', "As Andy Reid visited with injured soldiers in a hospital at Bagram Air Field in Afghanistan, the coach of the Philadelphia Eagles couldn't get over how eager they we...", 'KABUL , Afghanistan -- President Hamid Karzai demanded Thursday that the U.S. detention center at Bagram Air Base be handed over to Afghan control within a month, al...', 'WASHINGTON -- A federal judge ruled on Thursday that prisoners in the war on terror can use U.S. civilian courts to challenge their detention at a military air base ...']