["portrait issued for the film, 'One Million Years BC', 1966. (Getty Images) American actresses Farrah Fawcett,  Kate Jackson , and Jaclyn Smith as they pose with palms together for the television program 'Charlie's Angels,' mid 1977. Charlie's ", 'Annie Ilonzeh may be hoping this Miami-based reboot does the same for their careers as it did for Farrah Fawcett,  Kate Jackson  and Jaclyn Smith. The series is set to premiere on the anniversary of the day the original show debuted 35 years ago ', 'who\'s fit to fill the shoes of Farrah Fawcett ,  Kate Jackson , Jaclyn Smith and the rest of the crew? Whoever gets Angels" next? Sabrina Duncan Originally played by:  Kate Jackson  Could now be played by: Katherine Moennig, Michelle ', 'Angels catapulted her into the spotlight where she remained for nearly four decades. Along with her Angels co-stars  Kate Jackson  and Jaclyn Smith, Fawcett appeared on magazines across the globe as the show became wildly popular. An iconic Time ', 'Cathedral of Our Lady of the Angels in Los Angeles. Fawcett\'s friend Alana Stewart and "Charlie\'s Angels" co-star  Kate Jackson  were among early arrivals before the hearse arrived, accompanied by 10 motorcycle officers, the Associated Press reports ', 'm. "She had an unrelentless capacity to fight this disease," Smith told Walters. Smith and Fawcett, along with  Kate Jackson , played the three undercover, underclothed crime fighters on the 1976 hit "Charlie\'s Angels." "What is it ', "successful series to follow the publication of the Harry Potter books, was helped by a clever marketing plan, said  Kate Jackson , editor in chief at HarperCollins Children's Books, which publishes the collection. Writer Daniel Handler, who ", 'organization. Rosie has already joined 39 children with new parents, including a baby for former Charlie\'s Angels star  Kate Jackson . "I call Rosie my son\'s \'angel mom\' because God used her as the conduit to bring him to me," Jackson told Home ', 'organization. Rosie has already joined 39 children with new parents, including a baby for former Charlie\'s Angels star  Kate Jackson . "I call Rosie my son\'s \'angel mom\' because God used her as the conduit to bring him to me," Jackson told Home ', 'organization. Rosie has already joined 39 children with new parents, including a baby for former Charlie\'s Angels star  Kate Jackson . "I call Rosie my son\'s \'angel mom\' because God used her as the conduit to bring him to me," Jackson told Home ', 'organization. Rosie has already joined 39 children with new parents, including a baby for former Charlie s Angels star  Kate Jackson . I call Rosie my son s angel mom because God used her as the conduit to bring him to me, Jackson told Home Journal ', "fighting. Along the career of an American. You keep promising you can someone of this case is normal show up alongside  Kate Jackson  and Jaclyn Smith. They're profit exploded onto the scene Charlie's Angels breakout star findings so much success ", "you can -- someone of this case is normal show up alongside Kate Jackson and Jaclyn Smith. They're profit exploded onto the scene -- Charlie's Angels breakout star findings so much success He left the show. ", "Wonders to kill. Charlie's Angels just in the book to the original. The problem is a of Martha Jackman and and  Kate Jackson  are still. Cultural icon to have an irreplaceable exactly that's exactly it should also X-Factor. The X-Factor ", "the original. The problem is a -- of Martha Jackman and and Kate Jackson are still. Cultural icon to have an irreplaceable exactly that's exactly it should also -- X-Factor. The X-Factor which is doomed if ", "I would've done that if I could. Congratulations to both view on the wonderful career thank you thank you we love  Kate Jackson  was unavailable for their union you can see how much they enjoyed each other it's great to see two people enjoying ", "on the wonderful career -- thank you thank you we love -- Kate Jackson was unavailable for their union you can see how much they enjoyed each other -- it's great to see two people enjoying ", "forces behind Jackson's this is it shows are speaking. Eight Ichi life had Randy Phillips saying. The sure hope  Kate Jackson  after a five hour doctors examined. I don't know hay fever had a clean bill house. But it was Michael who insisted ", "speaking. Eight Ichi life had Randy Phillips saying. The -- sure hope Kate Jackson after a five hour doctors examined. I don't know hay fever had a clean bill house. But it was Michael who insisted ", 'couples. successfully integrate their signatures narrative style song writing. Electronic the latest. Rave reviews as  Kate Jackson  the delivers smart sex as a weapon and they are expected slackening smart. And if it. And finally I All the hits from ', 'narrative style song writing. Electronic -- -- the latest. Rave reviews as Kate Jackson the -- delivers smart sex as a weapon and they are expected slackening smart. -- -- -- -- -- And if it. ']