['Swarm the Campaign Trail Many other stars urged their Twitter followers to vote no matter their political affiliation:  Kate Walsh  : "Epic lines at polls...America is VOTING, yo!" Zoe Saldana : "Don\'t forget to vote today...every vote ', 'last week wearing a white "ballot" dress. Later in Dubuque, Iowa, rocker John Mellencamp will perform, and actress  Kate Walsh  of ABC\'s "Private Practice" and "Grey\'s Anatomy" will address the crowd. Dave Matthews will open for Obama at ', 'last week wearing a white "ballot" dress. Later in Dubuque, Iowa, rocker John Mellencamp will perform, and actress  Kate Walsh  of ABC\'s "Private Practice" and "Grey\'s Anatomy" will address the crowd. Dave Matthews will open for Obama at ', 'I\'m unsure where to go on this because many of my choices may be too young. I could see anyone from Amy Adams to  Kate Walsh  to Angelina Jolie in that role." "I\'m a HUGE Disney fan ... just as much as I am a \'Star Wars\' fan. Fans who ', 'into the, albeit unguarded, net. "She told me that she used to hit the penalty corners, and you could see that,"  Kate Walsh , the Olympic team captain, said of Middleton\'s skills. "She got low and her shots were really sweet." Later in ', 'Celebrity Sleepovers: Comedian and Filmmaker Mark Malkoff Cozies Up to the Stars', 'homes to him, including actress  Kate Walsh , singer-songwriter Lisa Loeb and his stories with ABCNews.com.  Kate Walsh  One star that shocked Malkoff by accepting was "Private Practice" star  Kate Walsh . "Kate got back from filming and ', 'Famous Birthdays 1925 Margaret Thatcher 1947 Sammy Hagar 1959 Marie Osmond 1960 Ari Fleisher 1962 Kelly Preston 1967  Kate Walsh  1969 Nancy Kerrigan 1971 Sacha Baron Cohen 1980 Ashanti Jump back to Oct. 12: Day in History . View more videos from ', 'to speak out. In the April issue of More magazine ,  Kate Walsh  , the 43-year-old star of "Private Practice start a family, though they once considered adoption.  Kate Walsh , Oprah and Other Childless Stars Speak Out "For a while ', 'It\'s a drama that would drain even Frasier Crane . "Frasier" star Kelsey Grammer is embroiled in a tug-of-war of a divorce with his wife, "Real Housewives of Beverly Hills" cast member Camille Donatacci . While he reportedly wants to speed up the split so that he can marry his latest paramour,', 'including Blythe Danner, Morgan Freeman, Faith Hill, Matthew McConaughey, Gwyneth Paltrow, Eva Longoria Parker and  Kate Walsh . The EIF has already produced a series of PSAs that highlight key areas where volunteers are needed the most. First ', 'seperate fetes, combined forces this year and held a reception at the home of French Ambassador Pierre Vimont. The smaller, intimate affair drew A-listers including Bon Jovi,  Kate Walsh , Jason Wu, Amy Poehler, Hamm and Rashida Jones.', 'Out She was referring, of course, to Addison, the woman Derek was married to when he slept with Meredith. Played by  Kate Walsh  , Addison divorced Derek and moved to a private clinic in Los Angeles for her spinoff show "Private Practice." Addison ', "We all know and love her as doctor Addison Montgomery on private practice in Grey's Anatomy but.  Kate Walsh  is more than just an actress she is a strategic business woman who has a billionaire boyfriend. Just for you seriously. that ", "her as doctor Addison Montgomery on private practice in Grey's Anatomy but. Kate Walsh is more than just an actress she is a strategic business woman who has a billionaire boyfriend. Just for you seriously. -- ", 'revealing interview with more magazine private practice star  Kate Walsh  opened up about a major regret. Even though she has hit TV show the 43 year old actress says she feels like a loser for never ', '-- revealing interview with -- more magazine private practice star Kate Walsh opened up about a major regret. Even though she has hit TV show the 43 year old actress says she feels like ', "It's a time of new beginnings and actress  Kate Walsh 's life for her new marriage earlier this month. To her new show private practice which debuts tonight right here on ABC yes ", "It's a time of new beginnings and actress Kate Walsh's life for her new marriage earlier this month. To her new show private practice which debuts tonight right here on ABC yes ", "Kate Walsh  plays doctor Addison Montgomery on private practice and what her character isn't saving Think she's making time with some of ", "Kate Walsh plays doctor Addison Montgomery on private practice and what her character isn't saving -- Think she's making time with some of -- ", "Grey's is  Kate Walsh  is here she's one of the hottest stars on TV in the future is only getting brighter for this young lady for the first. Past ", "Grey's -- is Kate Walsh is here she's one of the hottest stars on TV in the future is only getting brighter for this young lady for "]