['An Army ( search ) interrogator was demoted but spared a prison sentence Thursday for roughing up an Afghan prisoner who later died.Sgt. Selena M. Salcedo ( search )...', 'During Surprise Trip to Afghanistan , Obama Thanks U.S. Troops for Their Service', 'President Obama personally thanked U.S. troops for their service during a surprise trip to Afghanistan on Friday as casualties mount since the president escalated th...', 'An attack on a U.S. military base killed three Afghan intelligence employees and destroyed a NATO helicopter, Afghan and coalition officials said Tuesday.Separately,...', 'The Obama administration is considering a new gambit to restart peace talks with the Taliban in Afghanistan that would send several Taliban detainees from the milita...', 'Afghanistan President Hamid Karzai is now willing to join peace talks with the Taliban, his spokesman says, a day after rejecting the negotiations over the way the m...', 'An early morning rocket attack on the largest U.S. military hub in Afghanistan killed one person Monday, NATO said. In the east, meanwhile, Afghan authorities thwart...', 'Protesters threw rocks at police, government buildings and a U.N. office in eastern Afghanistan on Saturday, kicking off a fifth day of riots sparked by the burning ...', "Shrapnel from two rockets fired at Bagram Air Base struck the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs' C-17 plane Monday night, forcing the Chairman to await a replacement plan...", "Republican presidential hopeful Rick Santorum criticized President Barack Obama's apology for the burning of Qurans in Afghanistan , adding that Afghanistan should a...", 'The U.S. military has detained more than 200 Afghan teenagers who were captured in the war for about a year at a time at a military prison next to Bagram Airfield in...', 'An insurgent rocket attack damaged the plane of the top U.S. general as it sat parked at a coalition base in Afghanistan on Tuesday, dealing another blow to the imag...', 'Official says mistakes led to Afghan Koran burnings as 5 US troops may face disciplinary review', 'A series of mistakes led to the burning of Korans at a U.S. military base in Afghanistan and at least five American military personnel involved may face a disciplina...', 'The Guantanamo Bay prison meets the standard for humane treatment laid out in the Geneva Conventions but could use some changes in how it handles its more dangerous ...', "TEHRAN, Iran -- Iran's Intelligence Ministry said Saturday that its agents have arrested a person of Iranian origin on suspicion of spying for the United States .The...", "The Afghan president canceled his official visit to Norway amid concerns following Mideast riots over a film that ridicules Islam's Prophet Muhammad, officials said ...", 'President Barack Obama says the United States will never let Afghanistan be a safe haven for terrorists to attack America.To emphasize his point, Obama repeated, "Th...', 'As of Tuesday, June 25, 2013, at least 2,109 members of the U.S. military had died in Afghanistan as a result of the U.S.-led invasion of Afghanistan in late 2001, a...', "President Hamid Karzai welcomed Monday's handover of the main American-run prison to Afghan forces as a victory for Afghan sovereignty, though he and U.S. officials ...", 'A roadside bomb blew up next to a minibus at a crowded intersection on a major highway in southern Afghanistan on Thursday, killing at least 14 civilians, officials ...', 'A German al-Qaida member whose online threats of attacks in Germany prompted heightened terrorism warnings ahead of 2009 national elections was killed while leading ...']