["Appeals court rules that US judges can't hear detainees' bid for freedom from Afghanistan  base", 'NATO bombs eastern Afghanistan  region taken by Taliban; commander says militants train in Iran', 'Mullah Omar, the elusive, one-eyed Taliban leader who has been in hiding with a price on his head since the U.S. ousted his regime in Afghanistan, recently told conf...', "In meeting with Karzai, Kerry says Afghanistan , US on 'same page' on Taliban peace talks", 'U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry and Afghan President Hamid Karzai made a show of unity Monday, shortly after the U.S. military ceded control of its last detention...', "The captain of an intelligence battalion in Afghanistan testified Wednesday that she didn't see Pfc. Damien M. Corsetti do anything wrong at an American prison while...", 'The U.S. military bolstered its firepower in eastern Afghanistan even as a dispute among its Afghan allies threatened Monday to complicate the campaign against the T...', 'The CIA\'s infamous secret network of "black site" interrogation centers is gone. But suspected terrorists in Afghanistan are being held and interrogated for weeks at...', "President Hamid Karzai welcomed Monday's handover of the main American-run prison to Afghan forces as a victory for Afghan sovereignty, though he and U.S. officials ...", "US military tanker plane crashes in Kyrgyzstan's mountains; fate of 3 crew is unknown", 'An American military tanker refueling plane carrying three crew members crashed Friday in the rugged mountains of Kyrgyzstan, the Central Asian nation where the U.S....', 'Where the suspected mastermind behind the World Trade Center attacks is being held depends on whom you talk to.Col. Roger King, spokesman for U.S. and coalition forc...', 'The Obama administration is considering a new gambit to restart peace talks with the Taliban in Afghanistan that would send several Taliban detainees from the milita...', 'The U.S. military gave control of its last detention facility in Afghanistan to Kabul on Monday, a year after the two sides initially agreed on the transfer.The hand...', 'Two American soldiers were killed Thursday in a shooting by an Afghan soldier and a literacy teacher at a joint base in southern Afghanistan, officials said, the lat...', 'US troops may face administrative punishment for Koran burnings at US base in Afghanistan ', 'A U.S. military investigation is recommending that as many as seven U.S. troops face administrative punishments, but not criminal charges, in the burning of Korans a...', "Britain's Supreme Court has taken up the case of a 29-year-old detainee held by American officials at an Afghan prison outside Bagram air base.The two-day hearing in...", "WASHINGTON -- President Barack Obama's Justice Department sided with the former Bush administration on Friday, saying detainees in Afghanistan have no constitutional...", 'An American military tanker refueling plane carrying three crew members crashed Friday in the rugged mountains of Kyrgyzstan, the Central Asian nation where the U.S....', 'WASHINGTON -- The Pentagon has begun putting into place a new program under which hundreds of prisoners being held by the U.S. military in Afghanistan will be given ...']