['him of the movie "Mandalay." In fact, a famous actress played the heroine in this real-life drama that night.  Kate Winslet  was credited with saving Branson\'s mother\'s life. But good news! The renovation of the Great House is nearly complete ', 'Kate Winslet  and her husband Ned Rocknroll are expecting their first child together, her rep confirms to ABC News. The Oscar winner, 37 ', 'demonstrates how to recreate the looks of famous movie stars - like Audrey Hepburn in "Breakfast at Tiffany\'s" and  Kate Winslet \'s red carpet look - and more practical topics like her own beauty regime on long flights and how to achieve a "no ', 'Kate Winslet  is looking better than ever these days. She credits her divorce and other the characters I have played - and I\'m grateful for that." RELATED:  Kate Winslet  Ties the Knot But it\'s not all about the negatives for the actress ', "resort if they can afford the nearly $50,000 a night price tag. Necker Island recently made headlines when actress  Kate Winslet  saved Bransons' mother Eve from a house fire that unxpectedly struck the resort in the middle of the night. David ", 'the Gay Men\'s Chorus of Los Angeles, detailed the many times female actresses went topless in films. Halle Berry,  Kate Winslet  and Fonda were all included in the tune. "What I really didn\'t like was the song and dance number about seeing actresses ', 'gold, shiny things. They\'re up there tarnishing quietly along with everything else I own, including my body."  Kate Winslet  Winslet also stows her best actress Oscar for 2009\'s "The Reader" in the bathroom, so guests can "sneakily have ', 'going to the International Space Station in 2014 or 2015. Last month, Sir Richard Branson reportedly gave actress  Kate Winslet  a ticket to space through his company, Virgin Galactic. Like most of its competitors, Virgin Galactic has not yet ', 'Best picture: "Slumdog Millionaire" Best actress:  Kate Winslet , "The Reader" Best actor: Sean Penn, "Milk" Best Slumdog Millionaire" Best actress (drama):  Kate Winslet , "Revolutionary Road" Best actor (drama): Mickey ', 'Kate Winslet  will blast off to space thanks to a $200,000 ticket gifted to the actress from Sir Richard Branson. According to the Daily ', 'Oscar-winner  Kate Winslet  has taken another trip down the aisle, this time tying the knot wedding to ABC News early Thursday morning. "I can confirm that  Kate Winslet  married Ned Rock\'nRoll in NY earlier this month in a private ceremony ', 'immediately after you\'ve had a baby."  Kate Winslet  In an interview with the U.K year, Oscar-winning actress  Kate Winslet  took a stance against getting a forces with fellow famous Brits  Kate Winslet  and Emma Thompson to form the so-called ', 'in the middle of the night reduced to In fifteen dramatic minutes a Hollywood disaster movie complete. Titanic star  Kate Winslet  carrying Franzen ninety year old mother. Sons and nephew Jack raised the alarm Branson himself sleeping in a nearby ', '-- In fifteen dramatic minutes a Hollywood disaster movie complete. Titanic star Kate Winslet carrying Franzen ninety year old mother. Sons -- and nephew Jack raised the alarm Branson himself sleeping in a nearby Villa ran ', 'The person in the room had to be  Kate Winslet  the perennial Oscar bridesmaid who began her night with a best supporting actress win for the reader. And then we shot to get ', 'The -- person in the room had to be Kate Winslet the perennial Oscar bridesmaid who began her night with a best supporting actress win for the reader. And then we shot to ', "for later this morning me the news that NT and we have some breaking. Hot days yeah. Herat get ready but I. Right  Kate Winslet  aren't really did it again will not it looks like roses her real life Jack hello well. Yeah hey hey there's apparently ", "have some breaking. Hot days yeah. Herat get ready but I. Right Kate Winslet aren't really did it again will not it looks like roses -- her real life Jack hello -- well. Yeah hey hey ", 'instant index" this thanksgiving night. A look at what\'s trending out there. And a quote this evening from actress  kate winslet . Meeting the queen for the first time. The okay car winning actress was honored by queen elizabeth with the commander ', "at what's trending out there. And a quote this evening from actress kate winslet . Meeting the queen for the first time. The okay car winning actress was honored by queen elizabeth with the commander of the ", "It seems inconceivable that there's just one  Kate Winslet  to cancel Dave because in the last few months when she's essence swap yourself right into your new life. And  Kate Winslet  is here to see how to I was Thanksgiving it was so did ", "It seems inconceivable that there's just one Kate Winslet to cancel Dave because in the last few months when she's popped up in four movies how did she do it. Her daring performance -- million children than the animated movie flushed away. And she's also got a romantic comedy coming out in early December it is with Jude Law Jack black and Cameron Diaz called the holiday and it asks. If you -- -- swap houses with someone could -- -- -- essence swap yourself right into your new life. And Kate Winslet is here to see how -- to I was Thanksgiving it was so -- did you cook for the whole family. I ", "This laws that default date night movie back in the late nineties girls dream their date look like the AM eight. We can't recreate that here amorous evenings that we are we creating this new 3-D experience on TV. So we Sex convict him I ended treatment all like us make it stop up ten enough that it", "I loved plant I love actually stand up for relevant and got that she's doing she is forming a British anti cosmetic sir are you award winning friends Emma Thompson and racial bias and look always. Come out again the surgery she says she's an actress needs. Her face of the natural she doesn't wanna"]