["Well now to the startling announcement by  Jamie Lynn Spears  the sixteen year old star of Nickelodeon's so 101 says she's pregnant. The the has more beyond. Good morning yes Britney ", "Well now to the startling announcement by Jamie Lynn Spears the sixteen year old star of Nickelodeon's so -- 101 says she's pregnant. The -- the -- -- has more beyond. Good ", 'school pregnancies increased four times the rate in one year and what message does this and other recent news like  Jamie Lynn Spears  new birth and movies like sent to young teens. Across the nation about having babies here to give us more insight ', 'one year and what message does this and other recent news like Jamie Lynn Spears new birth and movies like -- sent to young teens. Across the nation about having babies here to give us more insight ', "raises the question. Does the of shame get replaced by the era theme. Teenage pregnancy used to be taboo not anymore  Jamie Lynn Spears  and Bristol Palin helped bring it front and center but it's I think for celebrities get pregnant at 170. And in ", "by the era theme. Teenage pregnancy used to be taboo not anymore Jamie Lynn Spears and Bristol Palin helped bring it front and center but it's I think for celebrities -- get pregnant at 170. -- -- ", "or shame was once the norm. With a look at the mothers of unplanned consequences. Here's check. Little over  Jamie Lynn Spears  in Bristol Palin and models are pumping up everywhere and my lifetime of the pregnancy pact and that's the way ", "look at the mothers of unplanned consequences. Here's -- check. Little over Jamie Lynn Spears in Bristol Palin and -- models are pumping up everywhere and my lifetime of the pregnancy pact and that's the way. The ", "surprised her fans and according to  Jamie Lynn Spears . turn says that she is expecting added sixteen year old star  Jamie Lynn Spears  britney's kid sister. Has great point if you ever hear  Jamie Lynn Spears  speak and again I don't like ", "-- her announcement surprised her fans and according to Jamie Lynn Spears . -- turn -- -- -- says that she is expecting and she says that she's looking forward to being a mom here's ABC's carnival. Must pass out. That's the question parents and producers of Nickelodeon's hit shows only 101 are asking now added sixteen year old star Jamie Lynn Spears britney's kid sister. Has revealed in an interview with OK magazine that she's prank. She found out -- she was pregnant shortly ", "And the thing is that's a great point if you ever hear Jamie Lynn Spears speak and again I don't like to make fun of sixteen year olds because that statutory dissing. And but. If you ever ", "made that tabloid headlines as  Jamie Lynn Spears  britney's little sister world. Mike sixteen year old  Jamie Lynn Spears  between in Nickelodeon's so course is here now. Is the holy  Jamie Lynn Spears  episode I have a nine year old ", "that pregnant teen of course it has made that tabloid headlines as Jamie Lynn Spears britney's little sister. It seems teen pregnancy is the new hot topic in Hollywood. But we wondered what it's like for that ", "pregnant and now inhabiting a scary new world. Mike sixteen year old Jamie Lynn Spears between -- in Nickelodeon's so we 101. They are joining the more than 750000. Other teen girls who've gotten the same news ", "-- -- you guys of course is here now. Is the holy Jamie Lynn Spears episode I have a nine year old girl who's a big fan of her program and I was really thrown by this. ", "stay away from that paparazzi that we've shown on the screen. And other spears making headlines who could forget  Jamie Lynn Spears  giving birth sister actually what's gone on with our teasing very well I'll. She's very different from her ", "shown on the screen. And other spears making headlines who could forget Jamie Lynn Spears giving birth -- sister actually -- what's gone on with our teasing very well I'll. She's very different from her sister Britney ", "this list but I think you're probably talking about  Jamie Lynn Spears  excellently we're we're happy that many of our were Britney Spears free zones but we can avoid. Did  Jamie Lynn Spears  of course you know was searchers that really put her ", "different people on this list but I think you're probably talking about Jamie Lynn Spears excellently we're we're happy that many of our lives were Britney Spears free zones but we can avoid. Did Jamie Lynn Spears of course you know was -- -- searchers that really put her on this list themselves since this is the real deal ", "should strive to be pop culture. Play a role in a gap only plays a It's certainly doesn't help the situation  Jamie Lynn Spears  these are characters pop culture figures that don't represent the average teen. And that's the problem we see ", "-- only plays a -- -- It's certainly doesn't help the situation Jamie Lynn Spears -- these are -- characters -- pop culture figures that don't represent the average teen. And that's the problem we see their ", "book think it's cool to be pregnant and some experts blame Hollywood saying young stars like Ashlee Simpson and  Jamie Lynn Spears  who gave birth yesterday get a lot of attention. And in the hit movie Juno teen pregnancy didn't seem so bad it's ", "and some experts blame Hollywood saying young stars like Ashlee Simpson and Jamie Lynn Spears who gave birth yesterday get a lot of attention. And in the hit movie Juno teen pregnancy didn't seem so bad it's ", "gives up for adoption so how that would encourage kids say you know get pregnant I don't. And the and then you get  Jamie Lynn spears  who she was trying to hide her pregnancy yeah I'm not exactly boasting about it so you don't put any and a funeral ", "know get pregnant I don't. And the -- and then you get Jamie Lynn spears -- who she was trying to hide her pregnancy yeah I'm not exactly boasting about it so you don't put any -- ", "teenagers for the study. And on that note in our collaboration with Google among today's top rising searches is  Jamie Lynn Spears  Jamie Lynn. Who is the sixteen year old little sister Brittany spears disclosed to the tabloid magazine OK that ", "note in our collaboration with Google among today's top rising searches is Jamie Lynn Spears Jamie Lynn. Who is the sixteen year old little sister Brittany spears disclosed to the tabloid magazine OK that she's twelve weeks ", 'even harder to ignore. And she plays the character idolize Mike tens of thousands of young girls. Sixteen year old  Jamie Lynn Spears  Britney Spears sister is of popular Nickelodeon programs only 101. The character has been a role model high smart ', 'character idolize Mike tens of thousands of young girls. Sixteen year old Jamie Lynn Spears Britney Spears sister is -- of -- popular Nickelodeon programs only 101. The character has been a role model high smart loyal ', "up yesterday. And is she said. Parents have discussions with the boys as well actually we've been focusing on  Jamie Lynn Spears  but there is up a partner involved in all of that and I think girls a lot of the brunt of this because. In the case ", "-- discussions with the boys as well actually we've been focusing on Jamie Lynn Spears but there is up a partner involved in all of that and I think girls -- a lot of the brunt of ", "that you're so good hours good hotline at seven yes. Now here's Farris a barber. What do you think about death  Jamie Lynn Spears  I mean she's pregnant she's only sixteen. Can you imagine No and I think you know what every hardware and you ", "Now here's -- Farris a barber. What do you think about death Jamie Lynn Spears I mean she's pregnant she's only sixteen. Can you imagine -- No and I think you know what every hardware and you ", "like dance and I was like. I think this lakes for six weeks ago I was really stressed out. And you also you have  Jamie Lynn Spears  this she's dealing with her situation house at all cope a cast coming his family for her. Well well am I want ", "weeks ago I was really stressed out. And you also you have Jamie Lynn Spears this she's dealing with her situation house at all cope -- a cast coming his family for her. Well well am I ", "footage yeah. And that's what is now from girls gone wild dot com another story I want to ask you about break.  Jamie Lynn Spears  and what happened tonight fireworks and not in a good way. We hear that she had a phone call when was asking about ", 'dot com another story I want to ask you about -- break. Jamie Lynn Spears and -- -- what happened tonight fireworks and not in a good way. We hear that -- she had a phone call ', "that's right can't hide that all the time I think they're out. Now let's talk about it now there are not to be  Jamie Lynn Spears  that's right I mean of course. All the attention is on Britney because Britney is in a major major crisis and ", "out. Now let's talk about it now there are not to be Jamie Lynn Spears that's right I mean of course. All the attention is on Britney because Britney is in a major major crisis and she ", 'thrombosis is a real threat to women pregnant when flying. All right I want to ask you about another pregnant star  Jamie Lynn Spears  you guys had a great exclusive went mama Lynne spears. Who was talking about her daughter Well actually revealed ', 'flying. All right I want to ask you about another pregnant star Jamie Lynn Spears you guys had a great exclusive went mama Lynne spears. Who was talking about her daughter -- -- -- Well actually revealed ']