['Jamie Lynn Spears /Instagram Although Britney Spears Saturday night. Actress and singer  Jamie Lynn Spears , 21, shared an Instagram picture and were trying to work things out.  Jamie Lynn Spears /Instagram Spears has a 4-year-old ', 'Birthdays 1928 Maya Angelou 1932 Clive Davis 1964 David Cross 1965 Robert Downey Jr. 1972 Jill Scott 1973 David Blaine 1974 Dave Mirra 1976 James Roday 1979 Heath Ledger 1979 Natasha Lyonne 1981 Ned Vizzini 1987 Sarah Gadon 1991  Jamie Lynn Spears', "Move over  Jamie Lynn Spears  and Bristol Palin. It's one thing to be a celebrity who gets pregnant at 17; it's another thing to become a celebrity for ", "Jamie Lynn Spears ' baby daddy is reportedly ready to settle down with the young star. According to the New York Post, 19-year-old Casey Aldridge ", 'public when 16-year-old  Jamie Lynn Spears , the Nickelodeon "Zoey 101 her little sister called me  Jamie Lynn Spears ," Janelle added. "I felt Janelle said. Teka echoed  Jamie Lynn Spears \' statement on teenage pregnancy ', "The news that 16-year-old  Jamie Lynn Spears  is pregnant caused an earthquake in the tween world. Now it's time for the aftershocks, especially from moms. Britney Spears ", 'With a baby in her belly,  Jamie Lynn Spears  may have to kiss her acting career goodbye. In the new issue of OK! magazine, the 16-year-old sister of Britney Spears announced ', "all over the country. Next to her older sister,  Jamie Lynn Spears , 16, seemed like a saint. Until, of course, the for any awards at this year's Teen Choice Awards,  Jamie Lynn Spears  showed up to support the network that airs her show ", "will mean less courthouse craziness and more quality time with her sons. She could take a cue from little sis  Jamie Lynn Spears , who has largely shied away from the spotlight while adjusting to life as a new mom. Then again, she's 17 years ", 'trust." Thanks to her show, Greer now has a weird link to the Spears family. She\'s still a little stunned that  Jamie Lynn Spears , who shot a guest appearance last fall for the second episode of "Miss Guided" as a slatternly teen, later announced ', 'I\'m pissed off, I\'ll be honest with you." But after blowing off steam, Kimmel departed for sunnier topics --  Jamie Lynn Spears \' pregnancy; his holiday visit to the Playboy mansion. He filled monologue time by chatting with cast members Uncle ', "reactions when the mother-to-be is a teenager. Think of the comments in the blogosphere when 16-year-old  Jamie Lynn Spears , star of Nickelodeon's Zoey 101, announced her pregnancy. She's reportedly due in May. Or the barrage of ", "In our collaboration with Google among today's top rising searches is  Jamie Lynn Spears  Jamie Lynn. Who is the sixteen year old little sister Britney Spears disclosed to the tabloid magazine OK that she's twelve ", "In our collaboration with Google among today's top rising searches is Jamie Lynn Spears Jamie Lynn. Who is the sixteen year old little sister -- Britney Spears disclosed to the tabloid magazine OK that she's twelve ", "Well now to the startling announcement by  Jamie Lynn Spears  the sixteen year old star of Nickelodeon's so 101 says she's pregnant. The the has more beyond. Good morning yes Britney ", "Well now to the startling announcement by Jamie Lynn Spears the sixteen year old star of Nickelodeon's so -- 101 says she's pregnant. The -- the -- -- has more beyond. Good ", 'school pregnancies increased four times the rate in one year and what message does this and other recent news like  Jamie Lynn Spears  new birth and movies like sent to young teens. Across the nation about having babies here to give us more insight ', 'one year and what message does this and other recent news like Jamie Lynn Spears new birth and movies like -- sent to young teens. Across the nation about having babies here to give us more insight ', "raises the question. Does the of shame get replaced by the era theme. Teenage pregnancy used to be taboo not anymore  Jamie Lynn Spears  and Bristol Palin helped bring it front and center but it's I think for celebrities get pregnant at 170. And in ", "by the era theme. Teenage pregnancy used to be taboo not anymore Jamie Lynn Spears and Bristol Palin helped bring it front and center but it's I think for celebrities -- get pregnant at 170. -- -- ", "or shame was once the norm. With a look at the mothers of unplanned consequences. Here's check. Little over  Jamie Lynn Spears  in Bristol Palin and models are pumping up everywhere and my lifetime of the pregnancy pact and that's the way ", "look at the mothers of unplanned consequences. Here's -- check. Little over Jamie Lynn Spears in Bristol Palin and -- models are pumping up everywhere and my lifetime of the pregnancy pact and that's the way. The ", "surprised her fans and according to  Jamie Lynn Spears . turn says that she is expecting added sixteen year old star  Jamie Lynn Spears  britney's kid sister. Has great point if you ever hear  Jamie Lynn Spears  speak and again I don't like ", "-- her announcement surprised her fans and according to Jamie Lynn Spears . -- turn -- -- -- says that she is expecting and she says that she's looking forward to being a mom here's ABC's carnival. Must pass out. That's the question parents and producers of Nickelodeon's hit shows only 101 are asking now added sixteen year old star Jamie Lynn Spears britney's kid sister. Has revealed in an interview with OK magazine that she's prank. She found out -- she was pregnant shortly ", "And the thing is that's a great point if you ever hear Jamie Lynn Spears speak and again I don't like to make fun of sixteen year olds because that statutory dissing. And but. If you ever ", "made that tabloid headlines as  Jamie Lynn Spears  britney's little sister world. Mike sixteen year old  Jamie Lynn Spears  between in Nickelodeon's so course is here now. Is the holy  Jamie Lynn Spears  episode I have a nine year old ", "that pregnant teen of course it has made that tabloid headlines as Jamie Lynn Spears britney's little sister. It seems teen pregnancy is the new hot topic in Hollywood. But we wondered what it's like for that ", "pregnant and now inhabiting a scary new world. Mike sixteen year old Jamie Lynn Spears between -- in Nickelodeon's so we 101. They are joining the more than 750000. Other teen girls who've gotten the same news ", "-- -- you guys of course is here now. Is the holy Jamie Lynn Spears episode I have a nine year old girl who's a big fan of her program and I was really thrown by this. "]