['UFC lightweight champion BJ Penn tells FOX Fight Game that he\'d consider a rematch with Georges St. Pierre but in the meantime, he\'s focusing on defending his own title."I realize I\'m the lightweight champion, you know, and I gotta defend that thing," Penn told me during a satellite interview from Honolulu.He didn\'t however rule out a rematch with Georges St. Pierre, basically saying that Vasoline-gate might compel the welterweight champion to meet him again in the Octogon. "He says he\'s a proud champion, and all," said Penn. Video: Watch The Interview...', 'Fox Fight Game, Round 2:  MMA  legend Renzo Gracie discusses six-fight return with  UFC , training', "FOX Fight Game:  B . J .  Penn  opens up about  UFC  94 defeat, 'greasing' controversy and tells Straka he's open to a rematch.", "Fight Game: Sean Sherk vows to 'steal' back the lightweight belt from  B . J Penn  during  UFC  84 Ill Will", 'Fox Fight Game:  MMA  fighter Blake Bowman comments on  UFC  107, upcoming fights', 'Fox Fight Game, Round 2: Panel looks at Coleman vs. Couture and Serra vs. Trigg at  UFC  109', 'Fox Fight Game, Round 3: Cung Le vs. Scott Smith headlines Strikeforce in December, WEC and  UFC  pump out end of year fights', "UFC 94 lived up to the hype and FOX Fight Game was right in the middle of all the action.Georges St. Pierre lived up to his promise to beat BJ Penn , in Penn's quest...", 'UFC on Fuel TV 8 pitches camp in Japan this Saturday and, as usual, the card will be peppered with local talent as well as a main event matchup that whiffs of a slug...', 'FOX Fight Game: Chuck Liddell on  UFC  coming to Philadelphia,  B . J .  Penn  vs. Kenny Florian', 'Fox Fight Game, Round 1: Panel looks back at the final night of fights in 2009, looks forward to 2010', "Fox Fight Game: Dana White and Lorenzo Fertitta on new deal with Abu Dhabi-based Flash Entertainment and  BJ Penn's  next opponent", 'Fox Fight Game, Round 2: If Gray Maynard loses to Nate Diaz will Frankie Edgar be next to fight  B . J .  Penn ?', 'FOX Fight Game, Round 1: Panel on Ricardo Almeida vs. Kendall Grove,  B . J .  Penn  and Kenny Florian', 'Fox Fight Game, Round 2: Panel previews  B . J .  Penn  vs. Diego Sanchez, Kenny Florian vs. Clay Guida and Frank Mir vs. Cheick Kongo', 'Fox Fight Game, Round 1: Frankie Edgar gets challenge of a lifetime against  UFC  superstar  B . J .  Penn', "UFC lightweight champion BJ Penn tells FOX Fight Game that he'd consider a rematch with Georges St. Pierre but in the meantime, he's focusing on defending his own ti..."]