['a hit for celebrities and top policy. Over the decades prominent guests include Rudolph Valentino Spencer Tracy  Katharine Hepburn . and Tennessee Williams to me. And then came the residence in the. him hard hit presidential eat with twelve US ', 'top policy. Over the decades prominent guests include Rudolph Valentino Spencer Tracy Katharine Hepburn . -- and Tennessee Williams to me. And then came the residence in the. -- him hard hit -- presidential eat with twelve ', "professional looking. They're great with pockets we're not seeing the little. Pants anymore it's a little more  Katharine Hepburn  asked. Very classy with a shirt tucked in it looks great for where Harry that's good because I wasn't sure about ", "pockets we're not seeing the little. Pants anymore it's a little more Katharine Hepburn asked. Very classy with a shirt tucked in it looks great for where Harry that's good because I wasn't sure about that ", 'historic year we can out of balance through three. Everything that came with. There was a tie for best actress  Katharine Hepburn  in a Lion in Winter and Barbra Streisand for funny. Ingrid Bergman was presenting the award. Her read everything ', 'three. Everything that came with. There was a tie for best actress Katharine Hepburn in a Lion in Winter and Barbra Streisand for funny. Ingrid Bergman was presenting the award. Her read everything on the card. ', "making its way back as well but I think what's great about the parent is that really flatter all body and it is a  Katharine Hepburn  kind of classical if they can mix obsolete all the classic dressing going until now. Okay and this right here the ", 'parent is that really flatter all body -- and it is a Katharine Hepburn kind of classical if they can mix obsolete all the classic dressing going until now. Okay and this right here -- the ', 'for themselves are grouped the past and three of my favorite women are firstly  Katharine Hepburn  who. It was it is not acceptable to Wear pants before  Katharine Hepburn  she. She essentially created the pantsuit for generations went into the moment ', 'are grouped the past and three of my favorite women are firstly Katharine Hepburn who. It was it is not acceptable to Wear pants before Katharine Hepburn she. She essentially created the pantsuit for generations went into the moment you reference her -- -- I am absolutely an -- ', "will for playing Bob Dylan. She'd be the only actress in the world to win supporting actress Oscars for playing  Katharine Hepburn  and Bob. And before were at a time comedies. exist out there there's one called Dan in real life with Steve was ", "only actress in the world to win supporting actress Oscars for playing Katharine Hepburn and Bob. And before were at a time comedies. -- -- exist out there there's one called Dan in real life with ", "that is into thinking it beautifully. Noted. Atlanta. And Joyce just like this that kind of went On Golden Pond  Katharine Hepburn  who didn't think that But it's now we get our tools. So the first thing is yet to decide we're gonna get in ", "just like this -- -- that kind of went On Golden Pond Katharine Hepburn who didn't think that -- -- But it's now we get our tools. So the first thing -- is yet to decide "]