["another Hollywood bombshell leftists this year mr.  Jane Russell  the who held her own against this scene stealing Maryland's outlaw and meet her pin star. The movie the outlaw is  Jane Russell  nursing he got back to help them all she does is lead ", "let me. OK. It's. And another Hollywood bombshell leftists this year mr. Jane Russell the -- -- who held her own against this scene stealing Maryland's -- In gentlemen prefer blondes. I think you Greta shutting down an elevator shaft. And it couldn't. But it was an early role in a western called the outlaw and meet her pin -- star. The movie the outlaw is Jane Russell nursing he got back to help them all she does is lead over his -- and I'm sure people like out of ", "America's first pinup girls actress  Jane Russell  died yesterday at the age of 89 is a bombshell Two we wrestled  Jane Russell  was that and then some like a man Fame side by side the same day.  Jane Russell  was preachers daughter who for ", "side of a sensational. Icon one of America's first pinup girls actress Jane Russell died yesterday at the age of 89 and -- -- learned more. About her real life. -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- Gentlemen prefer blondes except when the Brunette is a bombshell -- Two we wrestled Jane Russell was that and then some like a man -- can run faster than I can't. Well able to hold her own opposite Marilyn Monroe but you got their stars on the Hollywood Walk of Fame side by side the same day. Jane Russell was preachers daughter who for years -- a Bible study group here in Hollywood. And yes. Merely human and can purchase -- ", "them does not mean. Referred to as Russell and because I can't comic timing I'm Roslyn Russell that parents and  Jane Russell  and tenacity. Haven't exactly. Yeah. That did that and that aren't violent I had them and employ this guy really ", "and because I can't comic timing I'm Roslyn Russell that parents and Jane Russell and tenacity. Haven't exactly. Yeah. That did that and that aren't violent I had them and employ this guy really knows -- "]