['most beloved game show  jeopardy  to champions going brain a supercomputer named  Watson . We dispatched David against the supercomputer.  Watson  was often running losing the most money ever on  jeopardy  now tied with  Watson', "More on that showdown on one of America's most beloved game show jeopardy to -- champions going brain to brain with a supercomputer named Watson . We dispatched David -- to tell us what we've learned about man verses machine. Let's take alternate meanings for 200 Alex -- man -- machine superstore contestants point against the supercomputer. Watson was often running losing to him. By 100. Of a second Watson who is Michael Phelps. Yes watching what is the last judgment correct or get -- and who is John Paul Sean correct. And today when we saw what makes Washington tick. He's loaded with a world of data. Ten refrigerator sized racks of servers -- -- -- delivers excluding humans the text of the clueless said to Watson searches his hard drives for the answer. A long way since that first computer -- -- hard drive in the sixties could store about one Manhattan phone book Watson can now hold twelve million of them. In the eighties IBM's first PC could understand about 5000 words Watson 125. Billion. But sometimes that -- hits and misses the human subtlety. -- stylish elegance or students who all graduated in the same year Watson what is sheet. No sorry ones Klaas Klaas you've got to -- the mere mortal got a right and sometimes Watson just isn't fast enough can't sift through all that data and the man who helped build Watson got the answer but slower. And couldn't doesn't pass and often -- -- saying behind the scenes here behind -- -- Of course -- let's meet our contestants -- -- who won the most money ever on jeopardy now tied with Watson . When you first -- -- supercomputer opened up that lead what rethinking com I was thinking well okay. This thing's pretty good viewers might be asking what does the future hold after watching a supercomputer like Watson take on to champion contestants. But scientists will tell you that even -- Watson can handle. Eighty trillion instructions per second that the human brain is still capable of far more. To -- Watson David Muir along with Watson ABC news New York. ", 'at this week  jeopardy  as the iconic match wits with  Watson  an IBM supercomputer Brad writer and  Ken Jennings  to find out 74 in a row.  Watson  unfortunately ask you Ken  Watson  handle sort time  jeopardy Ken Jennings  and Brad honored ', "It has been -- -- verses machine at this week -- jeopardy as the iconic quiz show welcome back. A couple of legendary contestants to match wits with Watson an IBM supercomputer. Designed especially for the event so how did human -- do against state of the art software. Well we're lucky to be joined today by Brad writer and Ken Jennings to find out. Brad holds the record for the highest cumulative amount won by a single player over 3.2 million dollars. And -- that set the record for most consecutive games played winning 74 in a row. Watson unfortunately not able to join us today that great to have you guys here. OK I get right into this because last night -- here blood bath for you guys what happens. Yeah it was pretty rough on Watson's fast on that buzzer -- that's a big part of the game so. We reverend hard time getting and I think we've ", "you so much very impressive in buying and it personality. All time jeopardy -- Ken Jennings and Brad -- -- honored to have you on our San thanks a lot thanks evidence that it and that's all we ", "You or debate with  Watson  the supercomputer  jeopardy  the other day. You beat  Watson  you to all of humanity him that the other in  jeopardy  winners couldn't do I'm not sure that  Watson  wasn't operating on this isn't just about  man vs machine . Yeah it's not you ", "you so much big question of course about. You or debate with Watson the supercomputer -- jeopardy the other day. You beat Watson you -- to all of humanity so thank you confirm that we can get but. What do you do in beating him that the other in jeopardy winners couldn't do. But this was a demonstration. Game. I'm not sure that Watson wasn't operating on low voltage that night I don't know if it but it was you know it was. For fun but ", "I think good  jeopardy . good friends behind have escalator yeah.  Jeopardy  is known as being one John Roger Craig is  jeopardy  royalty he record setting More than that they  Ken Jennings  more than IBM's  Watson  computer and he just ", "I think -- good -- jeopardy . -- -- good -- friends behind me one bit you're gonna. And I have -- escalator yeah. Jeopardy is known as being one of the toughest game shows ever but it turns out there may be a waiting game that they -- -- -- -- computer scientist who has broken the all time every record. He's never got up against Iran however -- those guys are now coming clean about how he does it turns out there's an app for that here's ABC news. John -- -- Roger Craig is jeopardy royalty he -- record setting 77000. Dollars in a single day. More than that they -- Ken Jennings more than IBM's Watson computer and he just won the tournament of champions to -- This -- -- is good. It mark Rodgers who is kinsey ", "next president is gonna face. That this country we love is in  jeopardy . And it's more than just economic statistics that we read trying to do right now. And I fought against long odds in a  deep blue  state. But I was a severely. Conservative Republican governor ", 'to do right now. And I fought against long odds in a deep blue state. But I was a severely. Conservative Republican governor. I understand that. The battles we as conservatives must fight because I have ', 'original. And man was no match for machine on  jeopardy  IBM supercomputer  Watson  blew away  Ken Jennings  and Brad runner. In the final day of the nearly doubled combined score. Next up for  Watson  helping doctors sort through medical research ', "to get the original. And man was no match for machine on jeopardy IBM supercomputer Watson blew away Ken Jennings and Brad runner. In the final day of the competition the computer nearly doubled -- combined score. Next up for Watson helping doctors sort through medical research -- -- tech -- I'm rob Nelson. ", 'machine challenge ended in a IBM supercomputer  Watson . And former  jeopardy  champ Brad robber ended with 5000 dollars each the other human  Ken Jennings  head to  Watson  those far from perfect. After Jennings gave ', "of -- men verses machine challenge ended in a -- IBM supercomputer Watson . And former jeopardy champ Brad robber ended -- -- with 5000 dollars each the other human Ken Jennings head to -- Watson those far from perfect. After Jennings gave a wrong answer the computer gave the same wrong answer. Those -- insect bites I'm "]