['Awesomes" is Hulu\'s first new original this year. After hosting several award shows, including the ESPY Awards, the  Webby Awards  and the White House Correspondents\' Association Dinner, "The Awesomes" is Meyers\' most substantial project outside of ', 'list of the 100 Most Creative People in Business 2013. He was among TIME\'s 100 Most Influential People of 2009 and Rolling Stone\'s 100 Agents of Change. In 2012 and 2013, FiveThirtyEight won  Webby Awards  as the "Best Political Blog."', 'being a one-stop-shop to help legal permanent residents living in the United States naturalize, and they\'ve got a 2012  Webby award  ("Best Law Site of 2012") to back it up. On Tuesday, the information they offer became available on smartphones , too ', 'MSNBC as the most influential cat in 2012. She was also the winner of Buzzfeed \'s "Meme of the Year Award" at the 2013  Webby Awards  . The kitten sensation was slated to hit the silver screen for a Garfield-like film adaption. Photo Credit: Twitter ', 'accepted his Lifetime Achievement Award at this year\'s  Webby Award  show in New York City, hosted by comedian Patton Oswalt the "Jiffy Lube" car repair shop. One tradition at the  Webby Awards  is that winners, which this year also included Kevin Spacey ', 'in the Arab World to Ghadafi\'s final interview. The show is distributed internationally and is an honoree in the 2012  Webby awards . "This Could be Big with Bill Weir" highlights the future of technology and innovation from the coolest gadgets to the ', 'fried chicken and catered eats called Questlove\'s Food. In another, Hall & Oates, one half of which (Daryl Hall) won a  Webby award  for his out of the box online video series that puts him in the company of diverse musicians. "We look at these like kind ', 'away!" In 2005, Gore was awarded the Lifetime Achievement Award for three decades of contributions to the Internet at the  Webby Awards . He was introduced by Vint Cerf, who joked: "We all invented the internet." 4. Michael Dukakis and the Tanked Photo ', 'for a new age of file-sharing. According to The International Academy of Digital Arts and Sciences, which gives out the  Webby Awards , Napster\'s collapse "opened the file-sharing floodgates. Its demise sparked a wave of innovations that forever changed ', 'Arts and Sciences, which gives out the  Webby Awards  , has now announced its list of the Michel Davies, executive director of the  Webby Awards . "These are really things that touch more power to everyday people. The  Webby Awards : These Events Reshaped Lives Here they ', 'Davies is the executive director of the  Webby awards . He joins us with the top ten political of political web. Moments then the  Webby awards  and you all have compiled a list of debate. Studied Michel Davies of the  Webby awards  is the twelfth annual  Webby awards  received ', 'of the Internet. W Michel Davies is the executive director of the Webby awards . He joins us with the top ten political web moments that actually changed politics welcome them and Michelle. Well thank you so much great to be here. Great to have you know better judge of political web. Moments then the Webby awards and you all have compiled a list of the top. Ten most important of these moments before we get the list I ', 'out there asking questions in the debate. Studied Michel Davies of the Webby awards is the twelfth annual Webby awards received a record 101000. Entries from over sixty countries W Michelle we appreciate you being here thanks so much. Thanks for having ', 'called the Oscars of the Internet the  Webby awards  is the leading international award honoring With the explosion of online video the  Webby awards  just keeps getting bigger. And baker let me ask you first of all about the  Webby awards  Dick this to people what are that this ', "Some have called -- the Oscars of the Internet the Webby awards is the leading international award honoring web sites interactive advertising online film and video. And mobile web sites. With the explosion of online video the Webby awards just keeps getting bigger. And baker. Joining us today is the executive director David Michel Davies to tell us what to look forward to this year -- Michelle thanks for joining us from New York today. Honestly since it to be here well let me ask you first of all about the Webby awards -- Dick this to people what are that this. Whether it was a you know it's hailed as the Oscars Internet by the New York Times and when the most prestigious awards for the online world by the BBC but essentially we celebrate. Just outstanding achievement on the Internet. And how many entries would you have or how -- -- even get entries for this this contest. Anybody can answer online or actually accepting entries right now so if you make great web sites or online video or mobile or Internet advertising and -- Webby awards stock last year we received about 8000 entries from around the world. I think for more than sixty countries so. It's a ", 'ten years joining us today with the  Webby awards  top ten Internet moments of the past David Davey executive director of the  Webby awards  Steve Michelle thanks for joining us people who select the winners of the  Webby awards . And went through all of has all the ', "the Internet in the last ten years joining us today with the Webby awards top ten Internet moments of the past decade. Is David -- Davey -- executive director of the Webby awards Steve Michelle thanks for joining us. They threatening our I was taking a look at your list last night there's some remarkable. Historical touch tones aren't here in and -- it dates back to the year 2000 going all the way through the present here. And it's just talk for just a moment about -- you through this list together. You know we've been to our viewers in its fourteenth year so we've been in existence throughout the whole decade so it is we've consulted with judges and Italian members as the people who select the winners of the Webby awards . And went through all of -- has all the discussions that went on for judging -- And really look to seal it ", 'this year. All right David Michel Davies is executive director of the Webby awards thanks so much for sharing this last thanks for having me. ', 'ten years joining us today with the  Webby awards  top ten Internet moments of the past Michel Davey executive director of the  Webby awards  Steve Michelle thanks for joining us people who select the winners of the  Webby awards . And went through all of our has all ', "the Internet in the last ten years joining us today with the Webby awards top ten Internet moments of the past decade. Is David Michel Davey -- executive director of the Webby awards Steve Michelle thanks for joining us. Thanks Brad and -- -- I was taking a look at your list last night there's some remarkable. Historical touch -- on here and and it it dates back to the year 2000 going all the way through the present here. And -- just talk for just a moment about -- you through this list together. You know we've been to our viewers in its fourteenth year -- we've been in existence throughout the whole decade so it is -- consulted with judges and Italian members as the people who select the winners of the Webby awards . And went through all of our -- has all the discussions that went on for judging and and really look to seal ", 'this year. All right David Michel Davies is executive director of the Webby awards thanks so much for sharing this list thanks for having me about the holiday shopping season just about a week away and ', "Wallace is a figment of Lisa Kudrow imagination. And what started as a now has iPhone app that's interesting. A best comedy  Webby award  and a deal was showtime. People kept asking you wanted to web series and my answer was no absolutely not I don't wanna ", "as a -- now has iPhone app that's interesting. A best comedy Webby award and a deal was showtime. People kept asking you wanted to web series and -- -- my answer was no absolutely not ", "Each year the  Webby awards  honor excellence on the Internet from web sites talk about the winners of the twelfth annual  Webby awards  is Michel Davies the executive director for the  Webby awards . And so much welcome we're so excited to ", "Each year the Webby awards honor excellence on the Internet from web sites an interactive advertising to online film video and mobile web sites. Joining us to talk about the winners of the twelfth annual Webby awards is -- Michel Davies the executive director for the Webby awards . And so much welcome we're so excited to have you. For our viewers who might be out of the loop I can't imagine there very many who are tell us a little bit of background what are the weather isn't who decides who gets these awards. -- and you'll thanks for having -- the Webby awards and -- -- here it's the to honor outstanding achievement on the Internet it's. Judged by two people one the people so ", "cultural phenomenon. Influencing everything from how we buy a car to how we pick a president. Now the people behind the  Webby awards  have put their list of the most influential web videos of all time there's the high school student whose jet I'm master ", "car to how we pick a president. Now the people behind the Webby awards have put -- their -- list of the most influential web videos of all time there's the high school student whose jet "]