['have appeared in the catalogs, long before they were famous. Jennifer Lawrence, Channing Tatum, Ashton Kutcher,  January Jones , and Taylor Swift are among the celebrities who have posed for the brand. Click here to see these stars and more ', 'it\'s devastating." Hair loss can be caused by aging, or heredity, but can also be caused by allergies. Starlet  January Jones  of AMC\'s "Mad Men" has recently revealed that she, too, was getting thin on the top after using hair dye ', 'January Jones  is best known for playing Don Draper\'s ex-wife, Betty, on the hit going to have to shave it off and wear a wig." RELATED: Mad Mom?  January Jones  Eats Her Own Placenta While factors such as genetics and medical conditions ', 'adulterous ways after a pretty woman approached him with, "Are you alone?" His ex-wife, Betty Francis, played by  January Jones , was on the verge of a breakthrough in her relationship with teenage daughter Sally Draper (Kiernan Shipka). Now ', "Other star-studded clients known to have worn the up-and-coming designer's fashions are Leighton Meester,  January Jones , Tinsley Mortimer, Ivanka Trump, Kerry Washington. Get more pure politics at ABCNews.com/Politics Laura Bush ", "Other star-studded clients known to have worn the up-and-coming designer's fashions are Leighton Meester,  January Jones , Tinsley Mortimer, Ivanka Trump, Kerry Washington. Get more pure politics at ABCNews.com/Politics Laura Bush ", 'lawsuit with the other driver out of court.  January Jones  In June 2010, "Mad Men" actress  January Jones  lost control of her Range Rover and crashed accident: the appearance of celebrity chef  Bobby Flay . Flay\'s publicist, Jennifer Baum ', 'future line of baby carriages, baby cosmetics, diaper bags and accessories for fashion-forward infants.  January Jones January Jones  revealed how she was able to return to the "Mad Men" set just six weeks after giving birth to son Xander ', 'Bazaar that they "all get into the tub together" whenever she\'s home, causing a minor stir on the internet.  January Jones January Jones  revealed how she was able to return to the "Mad Men" set just six weeks after giving birth to son Xander ', 'Bazaar that they "all get into the tub together" whenever she\'s home, causing a minor stir on the internet.  January Jones January Jones  recently revealed how she was able to return to the "Mad Men" set just six weeks after giving birth to son ', 'born in 2005. Xander The boy name Xander nearly broke into the top 200 baby names of 2011 after "Mad Men" actress  January Jones  gave the name to her newborn son, whom she welcomed to the world in September. The name now ranks as the 205th most ', 'Bazaar that they "all get into the tub together" whenever she\'s home, causing a minor stir on the Internet.  January Jones January Jones  recently revealed how she was able to return to the "Mad Men" set just six weeks after giving birth to son ', 'any rate, we\'re going to move on to "mad men" and  january jones . She is revealing her hair is falling out in big clumps betty on "mad men." But now 35-year-old actress  january jones  says looks can be deceiving when it comes to hair ', 'At any rate, we\'re going to move on to "mad men" and january jones . She is revealing her hair is falling out in big clumps. She says it\'s from coloring it so much. It\'s not just a danger for stars but for anybody who dyes their hair. And abc\'s tanya rivero has the story. Reporter: She\'s best known for playing don draper\'s perfectly coifed ex-wife, betty on "mad men." But now 35-year-old actress january jones says looks can be deceiving when it comes to hair. She says her hair is falling out in clumping. Adding, she should ', 'It mad men of course you know  January Jones  movies that you know there she is beautiful woman she just had a baby a little boy named Zander and she. that plus. After the ', 'It -- -- -- mad men of course you know January Jones movies that you know there she is beautiful woman she just had a baby -- a little boy named Zander and she. ', "the thing but it looks like had a super hot. Yet well she's having Terry town there's nothing you can to you can  January jones ' head and she still has has been circling your hairs are taught we were showing video you're like playing I don't ", "Terry town there's nothing you can -- to -- you can -- January jones' head and she still has -- has been circling your hairs are taught -- we were showing -- video -- you're like ", "January Jones  one of the stars of mad men evidently. Damon Lindelof the co creators has criticized for acting. The sense she's she kind of ", "January Jones one of the stars of mad men evidently. Damon Lindelof -- the -- co creators has criticized for acting. The sense she's ", "little message there seeing right. Hunger Games so this computer belonging convoluted story he was apparently spotted  January Jones  for mad men to new drilling maybe maybe not. Neither one of them has really come out and said that it didn't happen ", 'Hunger Games so this computer belonging convoluted story he was apparently spotted January Jones for mad men -- to new drilling maybe maybe not. Neither one of them has really come out and said that it ', "hands for a while now but she's. because only rumors that he's cheating on her with all of these celebrities like  January Jones  one. And Emma Watson to kill and she's saying this is ridiculous the wedding is still on she took to Twitter and ", "rumors that he's cheating on her with all of these celebrities like January Jones one. And Emma Watson to kill and she's saying this is ridiculous the wedding is still on she took to Twitter and ", 'engaged since 2012. And he was at a pre Oscar party over the weekend where he was seen cozying up to mad men star  January Jones  kind of scandalous single moms nobody knows baby gagging. Sunny every scene together. Mean and so more questions does ', 'the weekend where he was seen cozying up to mad men star January Jones kind of scandalous single moms -- -- -- nobody knows -- baby gagging. Sunny every scene together. Mean and -- -- so ']