['Collection/Kornman, Gene) Marilyn Monroe poses for the 1953 film "Gentlemen Prefer Blondes." The film also starred  Jane Russell  with Charles Coburn, Elliott Reid, Tommy Noonan, Taylor Holmes and Norma Varden.', "Andre De Dienes: Marilyn,' by Steve Crist and Andre de Diennes 'Marilyn: Intimate Exposures,' by Susan Bernard,  Jane Russell  and Lindsay Lohan 'Judy: A Legendary Film Career,' by John Fricke 'The Oprah Winfrey Show: Reflections on an American ", 'years earlier with his notorious take on Pat Garrett and Billy the Kid, "The Outlaw," which placed more emphasis on  Jane Russell \'s chest than the shootouts. Hughes, an aircraft manufacturer, turned his engineering sensibilities to personally ', 'years earlier with his notorious take on Pat Garrett and Billy the Kid, "The Outlaw," which placed more emphasis on  Jane Russell \'s chest than the shootouts. Hughes, an aircraft manufacturer, turned his engineering sensibilities to personally ', 'were not said to be a hosiery-related injury. 4.  Jane Russell \'s Breast Assets In "The Aviator," we learn that mogul Howard Hughes became so obsessed with launching  Jane Russell \'s career in the 1943 film "The Outlaw" that he even ', "same roof together: Eminem, Marlon Brando, Shaquille O'Neal, Ray Charles, Dr. Dre, Gregory Peck, Snoop Dogg,  Jane Russell , 'N Sync, Cassandra Wilson and Spears. In both concerts, where tickets cost as much as $2,500, Jackson is set ", 'backstage assistant on various Hollywood projects during the early 50s, she coached such stars as Marilyn Monroe,  Jane Russell  and Lana Turner in movement. Her accomplishments as a performer were remarkable in light of the adversity she faced ', 'The voluptuous film actress  Jane Russell  died there includes changing the definition of permissible sexuality on screen. She was eighty night you respiratory failure in ', 'The voluptuous film actress Jane Russell died there -- includes changing the definition of permissible sexuality on screen. She was eighty night you -- respiratory failure in California. ', "another Hollywood bombshell leftists this year mr.  Jane Russell  the who held her own against this scene stealing Maryland's outlaw and meet her pin star. The movie the outlaw is  Jane Russell  nursing he got back to help them all she does is lead ", "let me. OK. It's. And another Hollywood bombshell leftists this year mr. Jane Russell the -- -- who held her own against this scene stealing Maryland's -- In gentlemen prefer blondes. I think you Greta shutting down an elevator shaft. And it couldn't. But it was an early role in a western called the outlaw and meet her pin -- star. The movie the outlaw is Jane Russell nursing he got back to help them all she does is lead over his -- and I'm sure people like out of ", "America's first pinup girls actress  Jane Russell  died yesterday at the age of 89 is a bombshell Two we wrestled  Jane Russell  was that and then some like a man Fame side by side the same day.  Jane Russell  was preachers daughter who for ", "side of a sensational. Icon one of America's first pinup girls actress Jane Russell died yesterday at the age of 89 and -- -- learned more. About her real life. -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- Gentlemen prefer blondes except when the Brunette is a bombshell -- Two we wrestled Jane Russell was that and then some like a man -- can run faster than I can't. Well able to hold her own opposite Marilyn Monroe but you got their stars on the Hollywood Walk of Fame side by side the same day. Jane Russell was preachers daughter who for years -- a Bible study group here in Hollywood. And yes. Merely human and can purchase -- ", "them does not mean. Referred to as Russell and because I can't comic timing I'm Roslyn Russell that parents and  Jane Russell  and tenacity. Haven't exactly. Yeah. That did that and that aren't violent I had them and employ this guy really ", "and because I can't comic timing I'm Roslyn Russell that parents and Jane Russell and tenacity. Haven't exactly. Yeah. That did that and that aren't violent I had them and employ this guy really knows -- "]