["Actor's former acting teacher and close friend, Andrew McIlroy, talks exclusively to ABC News.", 'star cory monteith recorded this video for a fan. Stay out of trouble, and stay in school. Reporter: Co-star  jane lynch , on the "tonight show" overnight, offered her own version of what so many have said -- monteith was a humble man ', 'a fan. Stay out of trouble, and stay in school. Reporter: Co-star jane lynch , on the "tonight show" overnight, offered her own version of what so many have said -- monteith was a humble man with ', "Good. They're not because I'm sorry to mark its. quickly we forget it. another break to tell you about glee star  Jane Lynch  and her wife of nearly three years Lara Embry are planning to divorce is according to People Magazine. The glee star ", 'forget it. -- another break -- to tell you about glee star Jane Lynch and her wife of nearly three years Lara Embry are planning to divorce is according to People Magazine. The glee star 52 ', 'Thank you for joining us Not since  Jane Lynch  and my sense Sylvester has a little something on You know and it works network Diane seemed a little bit about. and the back in ', 'Thank you for joining us -- -- -- -- Not since Jane Lynch and my sense -- Sylvester has a little something on -- -- -- You know and it works -- network Diane -- ', "Nice travel through. Life through these many years ahead I guarantee you that you'll come upon countless times in which the last thing you're gonna wanna say is yes You will experience loss. Target. The death of a loved one you'll probably have to say good to a lover. experience rejection. May be", "I'm not gonna make any is getting out out of that national headache indulgence. At our regular billion on some hot topics they're gone on in this game for this Friday first starting out with Kelsey Grammer and his ex wife now Camille many people know her from the real housewives of Beverly at a", "before we get the categories let's talk about the host  Jane Lynch  frankly she's doing it this year. She's also nominated twist what do you expect from her. Well of course and  Jane Lynch  is going to be hilarious we all love her as sue Sylvester ", "are -- before we get the categories let's talk about the host Jane Lynch frankly she's doing it this year. She's also nominated that's going to be unique twist what do you expect from her. Well of course and Jane Lynch is going to be hilarious we all love her as sue Sylvester in glee and I wouldn't be surprised if that famous ", "fun watching. She's got its worth Iraq. Hey George you're really was such a party atmosphere that was brought by  Jane Lynch  she came to play. And it was all in the family for a modern family and you love fest if you will they showed taking ", "George you're really was such a party atmosphere that was brought by Jane Lynch she came to play. And it was all in the family for a modern family and you love fest if you will ", 'are doing any of these pictures of some to show everybody at home. Julie Bowen as I mentioned looks so fantastic and a  Jane Lynch  who really stepped outside of our comfort zone and had a overnight there we go and have the nice sub ball down on there ', 'at home. Julie Bowen as I mentioned looks so fantastic and a Jane Lynch who really stepped outside of our comfort zone and had a overnight there we go and have the nice sub ball down ', "great you know one of the other interesting things we always can we find these awards shows coming on as hosting they do  Jane Lynch  and there's a lot of buzz about what if she was gonna bring some of that sue Sylvester character and spike in spunk ", "find these awards shows coming on as -- hosting -- they do Jane Lynch and there's a lot of buzz about what if she was gonna bring some of that sue Sylvester character and spike in ", "and these the red carpet the passion. And really host  Jane Lynch  set the tone right away she was out there are chilling party everyone was telling stories even and the host  Jane Lynch  why shouldn't she be inside by now. I I said. And ", 'by the and these the red carpet the passion. And really host Jane Lynch set the tone right away she was out there are chilling out when she probably should have been rehearsing. She was relaxing ', "Like any good party everyone was telling stories even and the host Jane Lynch why shouldn't she be inside by now. I I said. And -- a straight -- a plan He said she looks much ", "by far. Was modern five for five the first four awards were handed out. We're to modern family and after the break  Jane Lynch  Americans and welcome back tomorrow Stanley awards how appropriate. What doesn't momentum the show last night. The ", "awards were handed out. We're to modern family and after the break Jane Lynch Americans and welcome back tomorrow Stanley awards how appropriate. What doesn't momentum the show last night. The biggest moment of the show ", "Hilton blogs about and it caught fire a viral video sensation. got celebrity's like Nick Jonas. Rosie O'Donnell  Jane Lynch . And Lady Gaga song born this way has become a rallying cry. For the anti bullying movement and you've met with the ", "video sensation. -- got -- -- celebrity's like Nick Jonas. Rosie O'Donnell Jane Lynch . And Lady Gaga -- -- song born this way has become a rallying cry. For the anti bullying movement and you've met ", "has been overweight her entire life but she never thought get this big. The last annihilate my son currently 370. and  Jane Lynch  and doctor when I on the skills. And it says it's very important I think I'm right and I mean. that you're faced ", "get this big. The last annihilate my son currently 370. -- and Jane Lynch and doctor -- when I -- on the skills. And it says it's very important I think I'm right and I mean. ", 'Generations of music lovers can now come to for adorning glee fans  Jane Lynch  and Olivia Newton-John recorded a remake of physical for the upcoming episode of take a listen.', 'of music lovers can now come to -- for adorning glee fans Jane Lynch and Olivia Newton-John recorded a remake of physical for the upcoming episode of -- take a listen. ', "As most men do not but it has you know yeah. video lea Michelle and Chris Colfer Matthew Morrison's. Obviously  Jane Lynch  is to get sue Sylvester you must interview of the C semester it. You know it I think she's issuing a win by the way ", "yeah. -- video -- lea Michelle and Chris Colfer Matthew Morrison's. Obviously Jane Lynch is to get sue Sylvester you must interview -- of the C semester it. You know it I think she's issuing a ", "pressure up but now your character issue not broken into song yet on the a hopeful because. I think we're I think  Jane Lynch  and the last two of and I did do it coming for the past but I know that she and I would both warming up our pipes in ", "-- -- -- -- a hopeful because. I think we're I think Jane Lynch and the last two of and I did do it coming for the past but I know that she and I would "]