['a daughter and a son with each. Reagan first married  Jane Wyman  with whom he had Maureen and Michael; his second marriage S. president to have divorced his wife. Reagan and  Jane Wyman  divorced in 1947. The Candy Lover President Reagan was ', 'before he got his start in politics. The former president starred in more than a two dozen movies, and his first wife,  Jane Wyman , was an Academy Award-winning actress, and his second wife, Nancy Davis, appeared in 11 movies before she married ', "1940 Census: Ronald Reagan's $135 Rent, Insights Into Other Famous and Ordinary Americans", 'last week in March than did his then wife, the actress  Jane Wyman . She worked 45 hours that week, compared to his 30 acting career and was just married to his first wife,  Jane Wyman , a co-star from the movie "Brother Rat." The year ', 'guy Sandy dates and later dumps for Danny. The film launched his career and in 1980 he landed the role playing actress  Jane Wyman \'s grandson in the nighttime soap "Falcon Crest." He appeared in every episode over nine seasons. Following "Falcon ', "ten minutes talking to me before he realized I wasn't  Jane Wyman . Then I sat in the screening with the guys in the studio I now think made me look more like Louise Brooks than  Jane Wyman . And I got upset about the ridicule, so much so that ", 'posed nude for Playboy and appeared in an adult video. Maureen Reagan, the president\'s daughter with actress  Jane Wyman , ran unsuccessfully in the 1982 Senate primary in California without her father\'s backing. "The president made ', 'Jane Wyman , 90 -- Frst wife of Ronald Reagan, she was an Oscar-winning actress and television star. "Get in a mess with a showgirl ', 'Craig Asks Court to Let Him Withdraw His Plea of Guilty" LINK Washington Post\'s Paul Kane: "Craig Asks Court to Waive His Guilty Plea" LINK Passings: New York Sun\'s Nicholas Wapshott: " Jane Wyman , Reagan\'s \'Button Nose\'" LINK', 'against Alzheimer\'s," said the group\'s chair, Orien Reid. She bore a striking resemblance to her mother, actress  Jane Wyman , who divorced Ronald Reagan when Maureen was just a small child. But Maureen became a very public defender of her stepmother ', "daughter of former President Ronald Reagan and actress  Jane Wyman , is hospitalized and undergoing whole brain radiation at his wife's side throughout her hospitalizations.  Jane Wyman  and former first lady Nancy Reagan have visited her ", 'exchanged hundreds of letters, many of his handwritten, some deeply personal, like one on his failing marriage to actress  Jane Wyman : "Janie is still a pretty sick girl in mind," Reagan wrote, "but I\'m hoping things will be different when she ', 'coming days, family spokeswoman Joanne Drake said. Maureen Reagan, the 60-year-old daughter of Reagan and actress  Jane Wyman , has been undergoing cancer treatment at the same hospital since Dec. 11. Her husband Dennis Revell said she was ', 'coming days, family spokeswoman Joanne Drake said. Maureen Reagan, the 60-year-old daughter of Reagan and actress  Jane Wyman , has been undergoing cancer treatment at the same hospital since Dec. 11. Her husband Dennis Revell said she was ', "Growing up my mom's side with  Jane Wyman . And one day she read in the LA old boy. To be in this movie that  Jane Wyman  and mom fine if she took me on this audition. She'd meet  Jane Wyman  and get your autograph and really ", "Hollywood in the early forties. Put. Growing up my mom's side with Jane Wyman . And one day she read in the LA times that Warner Bros. was looking for a two to three year old boy. To be in this movie that Jane Wyman and mom fine if she took me on this audition. She'd meet Jane Wyman and get your autograph and really got people believe me and she took me. And over and over 200 little boys and "]