['across the country on his own dime to sit with a sick child, whose last wish was to meet the "Glee" star. That\'s how  Jane Lynch  wants her friend to be remembered. Lynch, who plays Sue Sylvester on "Glee," appeared on "The Tonight Show" last ', 'NBC; Tony Hale, "Veep," HBO. Supporting Actress, Comedy Series: Mayim Bialik, "The Big Bang Theory," CBS;  Jane Lynch , "Glee," FOX; Sofia Vergara, "Modern Family," ABC; Julie Bowen, "Modern Family," ABC; Merritt Wever ', 'Saturday Night Live Tony Hale, Veep Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Comedy Series Mayim Bialik, The Big Bang Theory  Jane Lynch , Glee Sofia Vergara, Modern Family Julie Bowen, Modern Family Merritt Wever, Nurse Jackie Jane Krakowski, 30 Rock ', 'Rudin is 55. Singer-guitarist Kyle Gass is 53. Country musician Ray Herndon (McBride and the Ride) is 53. Actress  Jane Lynch  is 53. Actor Jackie Earle Haley is 52. Actor Matthew Fox is 47. Rock musician Ellen Reid (Crash Test Dummies) is 47 ', '(Photo credit: Tibrina Hobson/WireImage/Getty Images)  Jane Lynch  and her wife of nearly three years, Lara Embry, are planning to divorce, People magazine reports. "Lara and I have decided ', '(Photo credit: Alexandra Wyman/Getty Images) On a recent episode of "Glee,"  Jane Lynch \'s character took responsibility for a terrifying school shooting , which ultimately cost her her job. But, says the actress ', 'through metal detectors set up at the high school following the shooting. Sue Sylvester, the cheerleading coach played by  Jane Lynch , eventually turned herself into the school principal, saying she accidentally shot the gun, which she kept in a safe ', 'Kirchmaier herself already has more than 20,000 Facebook friends. She lists the University of Chicago, the actress  Jane Lynch  and the Cheesecake Factory among her "likes." Pokes don\'t seem to be her thing. While the centenarian said she ', 'only star to show some Obama love in an Obama for America ad. In early October, a cavalcade of stars such as Jay-Z,  Jane Lynch  ("Glee"), Jesse Tyler Ferguson ("Modern Family") and Chaz Bono hit the Obama for America website, releasing ', 'only star to show some Obama love in an Obama for America ad. In early October, a cavalcade of stars such as Jay-Z,  Jane Lynch  ("Glee"), Jesse Tyler Ferguson ("Modern Family") and Chaz Bono hit the Obama for America website, releasing ', 'only star to show some Obama love in an Obama for America ad. In early October, a cavalcade of stars such as Jay-Z,  Jane Lynch  ("Glee"), Jesse Tyler Ferguson ("Modern Family") and Chaz Bono hit the Obama for America website, releasing ', 'DeGeneres: The Kennedy Center Mark Twain Prize" on October 30. DeGeneres was honored by celebrity peers including  Jane Lynch  and Sean Hayes, who both applauded her for coming out of the closet 15 years ago, and Jimmy Kimmel, who quipped ', 'most celeb-filled ad, titled "LGBT Americans for Obama," shows vocal celebrities from the LGBT community such as  Jane Lynch  ("Glee"), Jesse Tyler Ferguson ("Modern Family") and Chaz Bono, touting the advancements Obama has made for ', 'car. And it slowly moves you in the passenger side and it starts to drive. Reporter: Overnight, "glee" co-star  jane lynch  spoke on "the tonight show." He flew across the country on his nickel to meet with a sick kid. That\'s the kind ', 'the passenger side and it starts to drive. Reporter: Overnight, "glee" co-star jane lynch spoke on "the tonight show." He flew across the country on his nickel to meet with a sick kid. That\'s the kind ', 'star cory monteith recorded this video for a fan. Stay out of trouble, and stay in school. Reporter: Co-star  jane lynch , on the "tonight show" overnight, offered her own version of what so many have said -- monteith was a humble man ', 'a fan. Stay out of trouble, and stay in school. Reporter: Co-star jane lynch , on the "tonight show" overnight, offered her own version of what so many have said -- monteith was a humble man with ', "Good. They're not because I'm sorry to mark its. quickly we forget it. another break to tell you about glee star  Jane Lynch  and her wife of nearly three years Lara Embry are planning to divorce is according to People Magazine. The glee star ", 'forget it. -- another break -- to tell you about glee star Jane Lynch and her wife of nearly three years Lara Embry are planning to divorce is according to People Magazine. The glee star 52 ', 'Thank you for joining us Not since  Jane Lynch  and my sense Sylvester has a little something on You know and it works network Diane seemed a little bit about. and the back in ', 'Thank you for joining us -- -- -- -- Not since Jane Lynch and my sense -- Sylvester has a little something on -- -- -- You know and it works -- network Diane -- ', "Nice travel through. Life through these many years ahead I guarantee you that you'll come upon countless times in which the last thing you're gonna wanna say is yes You will experience loss. Target. The death of a loved one you'll probably have to say good to a lover. experience rejection. May be", "I'm not gonna make any is getting out out of that national headache indulgence. At our regular billion on some hot topics they're gone on in this game for this Friday first starting out with Kelsey Grammer and his ex wife now Camille many people know her from the real housewives of Beverly at a"]