['Modern Family," ABC; Julie Bowen, "Modern Family," ABC; Merritt Wever, "Nurse Jackie," Showtime;  Jane Krakowski , "30 Rock," NBC; Anna Chlumsky, "Veep," HBO. Actor, Miniseries or Movie: Michael Douglas, "Behind the ', 'Bang Theory Jane Lynch, Glee Sofia Vergara, Modern Family Julie Bowen, Modern Family Merritt Wever, Nurse Jackie  Jane Krakowski , 30 Rock Anna Chlumsky, Veep Outstanding Drama Series Breaking Bad Dowton Abbey Game of Thrones Homeland House of ', 'billion. Famous Birthdays 1884 Eleanor Roosevelt 1946 Daryl Hall 1962 Joan Cusack 1965 Luke Perry 1967 Artie Lange 1968  Jane Krakowski  1969 Stephen Moyer 1985 Michelle Trachtenberg Jump back to Oct. 10: Day in History . View more videos from This ', 'Betty White, "Hot in Cleveland"; Julie Bowen, "Modern Family"; Kristen Wiig, "Saturday Night Live";  Jane Krakowski , "30 Rock"; Sofia Vergara, "Modern Family" O\'Neill\'s "Modern" wife Vergara could edge out beloved actress ', 'Betty White, "Hot in Cleveland"; Julie Bowen, "Modern Family"; Kristen Wiig, "Saturday Night Live";  Jane Krakowski , "30 Rock"; Sofia Vergara, "Modern Family" O\'Neill\'s "Modern" wife Vergara could edge out beloved actress ', 'Kristin Chenowith, "Pushing Daisies" Amy Poehler, "Saturday Night Live" Kristin Wiig, "Saturday Night Live"  Jane Krakowski , "30 Rock" Vanessa Williams, "Ugly Betty" Elizabeth Perkins, "Weeds" Supporting Actress in a Drama Series ', 'Miss Sunshine" or winning our admiration as the plucky Kit, a wannabe reporter. Stanley Tucci, Joan Cusack and  Jane Krakowski  bring dramatic heft to a tale that could have been paper-thin. Based on the series of "American Girl" stories ', 'Starring: Shia LeBeouf, Jon Heder, Zooey Deschanel, James Woods, Jeff Bridges, Michael McKean,  Jane Krakowski , Diedrich Bader Directed by: Ash Brannon and Chris Buck Release Date: June 8 Synopsis: "Surf\'s Up" is an animated comedy ', 'Men and a Baby. "It\'s like three mammals and a baby," says Leguizamo. The movie also features the voices of  Jane Krakowski  of Ally McBeal and Diedrich Bader of The Drew Carey Show as well as Jack Black and Cedric the Entertainer. There ', 'Shields, who co-starred with Griffin on the now-defunct sitcom Suddenly Susan, was the maid of honor, while  Jane Krakowski , Camryn Manheim, and Bill Maher were in the audience. The ceremony took place in a Hollywood restaurant, People ', 'Shields, who co-starred with Griffin on the now-defunct sitcom Suddenly Susan, was the maid of honor, while  Jane Krakowski , Camryn Manheim, and Bill Maher were in the audience. The ceremony took place in a Hollywood restaurant, People ']