['like, \'Well, can I make this sketch idea last 90 minutes and turn it into a movie?!\' Probably not.\'" Watch  Jennifer Aniston  Strip Down in \'We\'re the Millers\' Trailer Next season will be an interesting one for the sketch comedy show ', "Jennifer Aniston  Compares Eating A Big Mac to 'Putting Gasoline In a Purified System'", 'McCarthy/Getty Images) By Michael Rothman At 44,  Jennifer Aniston  seems to only get more radiant with age, and according Wow, my body did not react well to that!" Watch  Jennifer Aniston  strip down in the "We\'re the Millers" trailer ', "percent of the overall vote. Audrey Hepburn was second choice with 20 percent. When it came to modern-day stars,  Jennifer Aniston  took the top spot with just over 18 percent of the vote and narrowly edging out everyone's famous mum-to-be ", 'eventually people were aware." RELATED: Funny Video:  Jennifer Aniston  Stars in a Mini-\'Friends\' Reunion Perry\'s addictions could be the upcoming nuptials of "Friends" star  Jennifer Aniston  to her fiance, Justin Theroux . "I would assume ', 'Jennifer Aniston  is one of the hottest stars on the red carpet, whose every haircut is documented, her easy sense of style emulated and her stunning ', '(Photo credit: KMM/X17online.com) No, that\'s not a photo of  Jennifer Aniston \'s fiance, Justin Theroux. It\'s "Big Fish" star Ewan McGregor. So, why the darker \'do and facial hair? It\'s likely ', '(Image Credit: Warner Bros/YouTube) For years,  Jennifer Aniston  has been known for her fit physique and, now, she\'s showing it off in a big way. In her new movie, "We\'re the Millers ', 'a new promo for today\'s episode of "Ellen,"  Jennifer Aniston , who will co-host the talk show for a day, needs house, and shrieks, "Lisa [Kudrow] ?" "It\'s  Jennifer !"  Aniston  replies. To find out how Justin Theroux factors ', 'Jennifer Aniston \'s hair started one of the biggest style trends in America. In the 1990s, Aniston\'s haircut, called "The Rachel," named ', 'Jennifer Aniston  credits her flawless physique to regular yoga and cheat days. Yes, you heard that right. The 44-year-old actress, envied ', "ABC News' Linzie Janis and Melissa Lustrin report: Actress  Jennifer Aniston  turned heads when she attended the premiere of her latest movie Tuesday with large round welts all over her back. The actress ", "is  Jennifer Aniston  wedding plans with her boyfriend's seems to always should be getting There's another pushed back according to the Daily Mail here's  Jennifer Aniston  and her fiance to waiting for a few more as they've been bombarded ", "-- -- is Jennifer Aniston wedding plans with her boyfriend's -- seems to always should be getting married. There's another pushed back according to the Daily Mail here's Jennifer Aniston and her fiance -- -- to -- -- waiting for a few -- more as they've been bombarded with work now planning ", "kimmel got HITCHED TO molly McNearney. No small affair. The star-studded event attracted guests like ben affleck,  jennifer aniston , ellen DeGENED, OF COURSE, PORE that DeRossi and matt damon. You might remember kimmel actually officiated damon's ", "McNearney. No small affair. The star-studded event attracted guests like ben affleck, jennifer aniston , ellen DeGENED, OF COURSE, PORE that DeRossi and matt damon. You might remember kimmel actually officiated damon's wedding renewal back in april. ", 'many patties. "Pop news" lara? Good friday morning. Tgif. And for so many of us, we were all envies yious of  jennifer aniston \'s hair. Now, she, too, is prone to hair envy. She is jealous of kate middleton\'s locks. Wonders if the ', "And for so many of us, we were all envies yious of jennifer aniston's hair. Now, she, too, is prone to hair envy. She is jealous of kate middleton's locks. Wonders if the duchess does it ", "one hairy lawsuit. A is a lan that caters to  jennifer aniston  and j. Lo, charging that a renegade employ stole salon. All of the years we've seen brad pitt,  jennifer aniston  and jennifer lopez, go from blonde to brunette ", "one hairy lawsuit. A is a lan that caters to jennifer aniston and j. Lo, charging that a renegade employ stole trade secrets, the recipe to color hair. A hairy situation, indeed. We're talking ", "color to another salon. All of the years we've seen brad pitt, jennifer aniston and jennifer lopez, go from blonde to brunette. But now, the salon who claims to style the celebrity locks in the past ", "We're just gonna this. Don't want to skip what do we let it cool okay. I'm  Jennifer Aniston  really hasn't opened up to anybody's interrogation did just that there she's been dated for about a year and a half until ", "want to skip -- what do we let it cool okay. I'm Jennifer Aniston really hasn't opened up to anybody's interrogation did just that there she's been dated for about a year and a half until. ", 'Jennifer aniston  right at the top sharing the secrets of her workout and rewards and Reporter: The forever elegant, dazzling and impeccably flawless  jennifer aniston  is well known for her killer legs and chiseled arms but the 44-year-old ', "Jennifer aniston right at the top sharing the secrets of her workout and rewards and abc's reena ninan has the details. Jennifer, you look beautiful. Reporter: The forever elegant, dazzling and impeccably flawless jennifer aniston is well known for her killer legs and chiseled arms but the 44-year-old actress admits she gives credit for her flawless physique ", "themselves the up there we're gonna get to in a moment. Because she's an eighties and headlines first thought  Jennifer Aniston  postponing the wedding. You know exciting story. They grimace a story that that she has postponed to hope wedding ", "in a moment. Because she's an eighties and headlines -- first thought Jennifer Aniston postponing the wedding. You know exciting story. They grimace -- a story that that she has postponed to hope wedding. Because she "]