['Image credit: Lionsgate) A new character, BeeTee, will be played by Jeffrey Wright. (Image credit: Lionsgate)  Jena Malone  will star as Johanna. The second installment will be directed by Francis Lawrence. Lawrence also directed "I Am Legend ', 'statewide regulations protecting high-rise hotels with sprinkler systems and alarms after the fire. Famous Birthdays: 1694 Voltaire 1945 Goldie Hawn 1963 Nicollette Sheridan 1965 Bjork 1969 Ken Griffey, Jr. 1972 Rain Phoenix 1984  Jena Malone', "inmates in for the long haul; the picnic is a social event that offers them a glimpse of the world beyond the bars.  Jena Malone  (Contact) and Clifton Collins Jr., who memorably played a fey, doomed Mexican assassin in Steven Soderbergh's ", "inmates in for the long haul; the picnic is a social event that offers them a glimpse of the world beyond the bars.  Jena Malone  (Contact) and Clifton Collins Jr., who memorably played a fey, doomed Mexican assassin in Steven Soderbergh's ", "inmates in for the long haul; the picnic is a social event that offers them a glimpse of the world beyond the bars.  Jena Malone  (Contact) and Clifton Collins Jr., who memorably played a fey, doomed Mexican assassin in Steven Soderbergh's ", "inmates in for the long haul; the picnic is a social event that offers them a glimpse of the world beyond the bars.  Jena Malone  (Contact) and Clifton Collins Jr., who memorably played a fey, doomed Mexican assassin in Steven Soderbergh's ", "inmates in for the long haul; the picnic is a social event that offers them a glimpse of the world beyond the bars.  Jena Malone  (Contact) and Clifton Collins Jr., who memorably played a fey, doomed Mexican assassin in Steven Soderbergh's ", "inmates in for the long haul; the picnic is a social event that offers them a glimpse of the world beyond the bars.  Jena Malone  (Contact) and Clifton Collins Jr., who memorably played a fey, doomed Mexican assassin in Steven Soderbergh's ", "may also miss out on a chance to find a distributor during the festival's routine dealmaking. The film also stars  Jena Malone  (Stepmom), Kieran Culkin (The Cider House Rules), and Vincent D'Onofrio (The Cell). Invisible Circus, which ", "may also miss out on a chance to find a distributor during the festival's routine dealmaking. The film also stars  Jena Malone  (Stepmom), Kieran Culkin (The Cider House Rules), and Vincent D'Onofrio (The Cell). Invisible Circus, which ", "may also miss out on a chance to find a distributor during the festival's routine dealmaking. The film also stars  Jena Malone  (Stepmom), Kieran Culkin (The Cider House Rules), and Vincent D'Onofrio (The Cell). Invisible Circus, which ", "may also miss out on a chance to find a distributor during the festival's routine dealmaking. The film also stars  Jena Malone  (Stepmom), Kieran Culkin (The Cider House Rules), and Vincent D'Onofrio (The Cell). Invisible Circus, which "]