['(Image Credit: Ethan Miller/Getty Images)  Jenna Jameson  will not be facing a battery charge for an incident last weekend, in which she was accused of attacking someone at a Newport Beach ', '(Image Credit: Ethan Miller/Getty Images) Former adult film star  Jenna Jameson  was arrested Saturday after a report that she attacked someone at a Newport Beach, Calif., home. The alleged victim made a ', "in fact supporting Obama's re-election campaign.  Jenna Jameson  category: Mitt Romney Sipping champagne in the VIP Francisco's Gold Club gentleman's lounge, former porn star  Jenna Jameson  said she was supporting Mitt Romney to win the White ", "in fact supporting Obama's re-election campaign.  Jenna Jameson  category: Mitt Romney Sipping champagne in the VIP Francisco's Gold Club gentleman's lounge, former porn star  Jenna Jameson  said she was supporting Mitt Romney to win the White ", "in fact supporting Obama's re-election campaign.  Jenna Jameson  category: Mitt Romney Sipping champagne in the VIP Francisco's Gold Club gentleman's lounge, former porn star  Jenna Jameson  said she was supporting Mitt Romney to win the White ", "in fact supporting Obama's re-election campaign.  Jenna Jameson  category: Mitt Romney Sipping champagne in the VIP Francisco's Gold Club gentleman's lounge, former porn star  Jenna Jameson  said she was supporting Mitt Romney to win the White ", "in fact supporting Obama's re-election campaign.  Jenna Jameson  category: Mitt Romney Sipping champagne in the VIP Francisco's Gold Club gentleman's lounge, former porn star  Jenna Jameson  said she was supporting Mitt Romney to win the White ", "in fact supporting Obama's re-election campaign.  Jenna Jameson  category: Mitt Romney Sipping champagne in the VIP Francisco's Gold Club gentleman's lounge, former porn star  Jenna Jameson  said she was supporting Mitt Romney to win the White ", "in fact supporting Obama's re-election campaign.  Jenna Jameson  category: Mitt Romney Sipping champagne in the VIP Francisco's Gold Club gentleman's lounge, former porn star  Jenna Jameson  said she was supporting Mitt Romney to win the White ", "in fact supporting Obama's re-election campaign.  Jenna Jameson  category: Mitt Romney Sipping champagne in the VIP Francisco's Gold Club gentleman's lounge, former porn star  Jenna Jameson  said she was supporting Mitt Romney to win the White ", "in fact supporting Obama's re-election campaign.  Jenna Jameson  category: Mitt Romney Sipping champagne in the VIP Francisco's Gold Club gentleman's lounge, former porn star  Jenna Jameson  said she was supporting Mitt Romney to win the White ", "in fact supporting Obama's re-election campaign.  Jenna Jameson  category: Mitt Romney Sipping champagne in the VIP Francisco's Gold Club gentleman's lounge, former porn star  Jenna Jameson  said she was supporting Mitt Romney to win the White ", "in fact supporting Obama's re-election campaign.  Jenna Jameson  category: Mitt Romney Sipping champagne in the VIP Francisco's Gold Club gentleman's lounge, former porn star  Jenna Jameson  said she was supporting Mitt Romney to win the White "]