['B.J. Staten and Brian Prouty posted matching rounds of 8-under 63 on Thursday and they share the lead after one round of the Utah Championship.Both players are winless on the Web.com Tour and Prouty has been in a funk of late missing his last eight cuts.Adam Hadwin carded a 7-under 64 at Willow Creek Country Club to grab a share of third place. He was joined there by Matt Weibring, Derek Fathauer and Kevin Foley.Shane Bertsch and Patrick Sheehan are among eight players tied for seventh at minus-6.Staten, who missed six cuts in nine starts earlier this year, started on the back nine Thursday and parred his first two holes. He poured in three consecutive birdies from the 12th before posting six straight pars from the 15th.The 35-year-old again carded three birdies in a row, this time from the third to jump to 6-under. Staten earned a piece of the lead as he birdied his final two holes.Prouty, who posted his first round in the 60s since round two of the BMW Charity Pro-Am, opened with an ...', "Russell Henley defeated B.J. Staten in the first hole of a playoff on Sunday to win the Jacksonville Open.Henley, who entered Sunday three shots off Staten's pace, b...", 'Darron Stiles posted a 5-under 66 on Saturday to move into the third-round lead of the News Sentinel Open.Stiles finished 54 holes at 14-under 199 and is one stroke ...', "B.J. Staten carded a five-under 66 in Saturday's third round to grab a one-stroke lead at the Rex Hospital Open.Staten, who will go for his first tour win on Sunday,...", "James Hahn birdied the second playoff hole Sunday to beat Scott Parel and win the Rex Hospital Open.The pair finished Sunday's round tied at 13-under par 271 after H...", "Jim Renner fired an eight-under 63 on Thursday to grab a two-stroke lead after the opening round of the Rex Hospital Open.It was easily Renner's best round of the ye...", 'Justin Hicks posted his second straight five- under 66 on Friday to take the lead during the suspended second round of the Rex Hospital Open.Hicks is in at 10-under ...', 'Darron Stiles fired an eight-under 64 on Thursday to take a one-stroke lead after the first round of the BMW Charity Pro-Am.The tournament is staged on three South C...', "Miguel Carballo recorded three eagles under 64 and a come-from-behind victory at the Children's Hospital Classic.Carballo finished at 24-under 264 and won the title,...", 'Danny Lee closed with a six-under 66 Sunday, then parred the first playoff hole to beat Harris English and win the WNB Golf Classic.English, who won the Nationwide C...', 'B.J. Staten recovered late to shoot a five- shot lead into the final round of the WNB Golf Classic.Staten, who has never won professionally, led by as many as four b...', 'Jake Younan-Wise shot a seven-under 65 on Friday to vault into a share of the lead after two rounds of the WNB Golf Classic.Younan-Wise and first-round leader B.J. S...', 'B.J. Staten flirted with a 59 for a short under 63 on Thursday to open the WNB Golf Classic in fine fashion.Staten, who has never won professionally, had an eagle an...', 'Los jugadores estadounidenses asumieron el viernes el control en el Championship de Colombia y B.J Staten, Jim Renner, Bhavik Patel y D.J. Brigman comparten el lider...', "Danny Lee fired a 7-under 64 on Thursday to grab a 1-stroke lead after the opening round of the Colombia Championship.Lee, who missed the cut at last week's season-o...", 'Jim Renner fired a 6-under 65 on Friday to grab a share of the lead through two rounds of the Colombia Championship.Bhavik Patel shot 66, while B.J. Staten and D.J. ...', 'Patrick Cantlay fired a 6-under 65 on Saturday to join Jim Renner atop the leaderboard through three rounds of the Colombia Championship.The overnight co-leader Renn...', 'Tag Ridings, No. 51 on the money list, fired a 6-under-par 65 on Thursday to grab a share of the lead at the season-ending Web.com Tour Championship.The top 60 playe...', 'B.J. Staten fired a 4-under 66 on Friday to take the lead at the midway point of the Winn-Dixie Jacksonville Open.Staten finished 36 holes at 6-under 134 and is one ...', 'B.J. Staten fired a 2-under-par 68 on Saturday to retain the lead after three rounds of the Jacksonville Open.Staten, who is winless on the Web.com Tour, but has two...']