['Christina Hendricks, Blake Lively, Laura Linney, Rutina Wesley: Eye-Riveting Beauty Parts', 'was unexpected," Dunne said. Another tragic beauty who was described as "vibrant" and "vivacious," film star  Jayne Mansfield  was on her way back from a nightclub engagement when the car she was traveling in slammed into an oncoming semitruck ', "most tactful man -- had asked her at this year's Halloween parade if she was supposed to be  Jayne Mansfield . Megan had no idea who  Jayne Mansfield  was. Rod knocked Danny out of the way and hauled Megan to her feet. Then he just held on, till ", 'saying that in the 1950s and 1960s, the cultural norm was more of an hourglass figure, like Marilyn Monroe or  Jayne Mansfield . "As time has gone on and women have become more athletic, more in the business world and more inclined to put ', "Brazil, there was also lots of nakedness at the hotel. In 1939, Errol Flynn pranced naked around the hallways, and  Jayne Mansfield  caused a stir by tanning topless by the pool in the '60s. The Peabody, Little Rock, Ark.: Little Rock isn't ", 'of the 20th century. But unlike the other two sirens at the top of that list Marilyn Monroe, who died at 36, and  Jayne Mansfield , who died at 34 Welch has survived to reflect on her image and what she\'s done to make it different. "I know ', 'Even the many love interests of President John F. Kennedy, which included such famous paramours as Marilyn Monroe,  Jayne Mansfield , and Angie Dickinson, weren\'t widely known until well after his death. Wilbur Mills\' Saga "Before the age of ', 'Boone, based on a story by Elmore Leonard; and Will Success Spoil Rock Hunter? (1957), starring Tony Randall and  Jayne Mansfield  that skewers television advertising which is (perhaps sadly) timeless.', "1960s. Artists from Barbra Streisand to Harry Connick Jr. have covered the song. She also sang the song in the 1956  Jayne Mansfield  film The Girl Can't Help It. London recorded her last album, Easy Does It, in 1967. Describing her smoky vocal ", "1960s. Artists from Barbra Streisand to Harry Connick Jr. have covered the song. She also sang the song in the 1956  Jayne Mansfield  film The Girl Can't Help It. London recorded her last album, Easy Does It, in 1967. Describing her smoky vocal ", "1960s. Artists from Barbra Streisand to Harry Connick Jr. have covered the song. She also sang the song in the 1956  Jayne Mansfield  film The Girl Can't Help It. London recorded her last album, Easy Does It, in 1967. Describing her smoky vocal ", "1960s. Artists from Barbra Streisand to Harry Connick Jr. have covered the song. She also sang the song in the 1956  Jayne Mansfield  film The Girl Can't Help It. London recorded her last album, Easy Does It, in 1967. Describing her smoky vocal ", 'her phenomenal. Well the book is fantastic Billy Bob tapes occasionally seventh new movie coming out in the fall  Jayne Mansfield  reported that as well actually about sort thank you.', 'occasionally -- -- seventh -- new movie coming out in the fall Jayne Mansfield -- reported that as well actually about sort thank you. ', 'age of 26 the wonderful actress for her death was unexpected. Long described as vibrant and buy spacious film star  Jayne Mansfield  was on her way back from a nightclub engagement. When the car she was traveling in slammed into an oncoming semi ', 'death was unexpected. Long described as vibrant and buy spacious film star Jayne Mansfield was on her way back from a nightclub engagement. When the car she was traveling in slammed into an oncoming semi. Mansfield ']