['said Tori Spelling, describing the photo shoot happening in her living room. "I\'m gonna be a very pregnant  Jean Harlow ." A crew for her reality TV show "Home Sweet Hollywood" captured it all. It was Spelling\'s life imitating art ', "'The Match: Complete Strangers, a Miracle Face Transplant, Two Lives Transformed,' by Susan Helfgot", "Hollywood high life, the '30s introduced a more bias cut and fabric that emphasized women's curves. Style icon  Jean Harlow  captured this simple look, reminiscent of the post-flapper period in a Depression-era America. This Jenny Packham ", 'was perfect to describe Greta Garbo." But pretty soon both of those women took a back seat to the blonde bombshell,  Jean Harlow . Patricia King Hanson, the film historian at the American Film Institute, said Harlow\'s looks were "very, very ', 'Smith\'s life is reminiscent of the many beauties that have captured the public\'s heart and died too young, like  Jean Harlow , the original blonde bombshell. "She was a major star and was actually a debutante," Dunne said of Harlow. "She ', 'married to Gavin Rossdale of the band Bush, has more than musician listed on her resume. She made her movie debut as  Jean Harlow  in the Oscar-nominated film "The Aviator." And she recently released her own clothing line called LAMB, which ', 'piloting the aircraft. In "The Aviator," a young Hughes romances a string of legendary Hollywood beauties, including  Jean Harlow  (Gwen Stefani) and Ava Gardner (Kate Beckinsale). But the frenetic redhead Hepburn is obviously his match. And ', 'following the glamorous lives of these celebrities offers a diversion in the same way that Golden Age movie stars like  Jean Harlow , Clark Gable, and Bette Davis did during the Great Depression. "Any magazine editor will tell you, Colin Farrell ', "Blond hair dye first hits the market, thanks to French chemist Eugene Schuller. 1911: The Original Blond Bombshell  Jean Harlow  is born. In 1930, Howard Hughes cast her as the leading lady in the epic WW1 aviation drama Hell's Angels, and ", "mausoleum itself is Taylor's longtime friend and admirer Michael Jackson. Gone with the winds Clark Gable screen siren  Jean Harlow  who died so young and funny WC fields always Taylor was a class act and she left the world and the best possible way ", 'admirer Michael Jackson. Gone with the winds -- Clark Gable screen siren Jean Harlow who died so young and funny -- WC fields always -- Taylor was a class act and she left the world and ', "Dixie congratulations thank you very much fifth anniversary. Not. You're gonna start out in the twin this is the  Jean Harlow  warehouse right exactly women were freed up from the course that of the centuries before they wanted to show lot they're ", "Not. You're gonna start out in the twin -- this is the Jean Harlow warehouse right exactly women were freed up from the course that of the centuries before they wanted to show lot they're -- ", 'there a real Hollywood movie star glamour. Going back to  Jean Harlow . Bias cut. Very simple very sexy as buttons on the aging and 1930s when she accepted an Oscar divorcee. And  Jean Harlow  Adrian to the Oscars in 1935. Some kind of exciting ', "just isn't there a real Hollywood movie star glamour. Going back to Jean Harlow . Bias cut. Very simple very sexy as buttons on the back to -- -- And we've got a pair of clear diamond ", 'war aging and 1930s when she accepted an Oscar -- divorcee. And Jean Harlow -- -- Adrian to the Oscars in 1935. Some kind of exciting I think -- seen this -- A contemporary Oscars. Asked ', 'reminiscent of the many beauties that have captured our hearts and died too young. Like the original blonde bombshell  Jean Harlow . She was a major star she was actually a debutante I she was from a group that was service family by her herb. Thing ', 'captured our hearts and died too young. Like the original blonde bombshell Jean Harlow . She was a major star she was actually a debutante I -- she was from a group -- that was service -- ']