["ABC News' Catherine E. Ake reports: WASHINGTON - Hollywood actress  Jennifer Garner  may be one of America's most glamorous stars, but growing up in rural West Virginia has given her a heart for America's underprivileged ", 'GO TO BED WITH MILEY CYRUS ON "JIMMY KIMMEL LIVE" AND WAKE UP WITH THE GLOBAL SUPERSTAR ON "GOOD MORNING AMERICA"', 'Robert Pattinson, Katy Perry, Will Farrell, Scarlett Johansson, Channing Tatum, Charlize Theron, John Krasinski,  Jennifer Garner , Jessica Biel, Justin Bieber, Jessica Simpson, Kate Beckinsale, Ben Stiller, Jonah Hill, Andy Samberg, Michelle ', 'stuff, so the celebrity thing doesn\'t really weigh on us," Damon said. Close friends of his, Ben Affleck and  Jennifer Garner , aren\'t so lucky however. "Yeah, Ben and Jen, they don\'t do anything to court it, other than their job ', 'products, is not alone in turning to corsets after giving birth. Stars like Gwyneth Paltrow, Kourtney Kardashian and  Jennifer Garner  have all been rumored to sport the tight-fitting tops after delivering their children. "The concept behind abdominal ', 'of the three producers on the film. He thanked Steven Spielberg and the other best picture nominees and his wife  Jennifer Garner  for "working on our marriage." "It\'s good, it\'s work," he said, adding, "but there\'s no one I\'d ', 'after the awards. Affleck\'s wife, actress  Jennifer Garner  , told E! that she was getting ready for the Oscars to take her daughter to the competition. WATCH:  Jennifer Garner  Says She\'s Put Career on Hold "It was mayhem at ', 'but he gladly accepted the Best Picture award, taking the stage to thank struggling Iranians and his wife, actress  Jennifer Garner . "I want to thank our friends in Iran living in a terrible circumstance right now," he said. "I want to thank ', 'his head back into the interview as a surprise. Lawrence had never met Nicholson before. Then she waved to actress  Jennifer Garner , wife of Best Picture winner Ben Affleck. After Lawrence\'s big award, "The Hunger Games" actress is going to ', 'Argo" have also given to Democrats. Since 1990, Clooney has donated more than $130,000, while Affleck and wife  Jennifer Garner  have donated $48,200 in support of Democrats in the past three presidential elections. Newcomer to the Hollywood ', 'win for Best Picture for "Argo." His frenzied, heartfelt acceptance speech resonated as he thanked his wife,  Jennifer Garner , and ended on an inspirational high note. "I want to thank my wife, who I don\'t normally associate with Iran ', 'This past Saturday Ben Affleck told E! That he didn\'t want his and  Jennifer Garner  \'s three kids, the oldest of whom is 7, to go into show business. "I would do whatever I could to discourage that. My kids ', "Bradley Cooper Reflects on Unusual Career Path, New Film and Almost Turning Down People's 'Sexiest Man Alive' Title", "in Las Vegas the managers very good fine just about  Jennifer Garner  and her marriage to Ben Affleck and apparently it all stems or. Revolves around the Red Sox  Jennifer Garner  said her marriage to Ben Affleck wouldn't have happened ", "that in Las Vegas the -- managers very good fine just about Jennifer Garner and her marriage to Ben Affleck and apparently it all stems or. Revolves around the Red Sox Jennifer Garner said her marriage to Ben Affleck wouldn't have happened without the Red Sox World Series victory back in 2004. She says basically. ", 'What are the foremost female actions stars of her generation were talking about  Jennifer Garner  of course. She round house kicked her way to and really into our hearts as Sydney on alias. Now she is a bona fide movie star ', 'the foremost -- female actions stars of her generation were talking about Jennifer Garner of course. She round house kicked her way to -- and really into our hearts as Sydney on alias. -- -- -- ', "Jennifer garner  is an actress, a producer, a golden globe winner and supermom. That's has a little magic on her side. Welcome to the lovely and talented  jennifer garner . Thank you for having me. You play cindy green. She is a woman who ", 'Jennifer garner is an actress, a producer, a golden globe winner and supermom. That\'s a fair title to add. But as cindy green, in "the odd life of timothy green," she has a little magic on her side. Welcome to the lovely and talented jennifer garner . Thank you for having me. You play cindy green. She is a woman who is having a tough time having a baby. ', "he's in a sweet spot in his life. And a large part of that is he seems to be very happily married to the beautiful  jennifer garner . It was going on before. I hope it's happy. I'm just a little skeptical. And a little jaded about hollywood ", "that is he seems to be very happily married to the beautiful jennifer garner . It was going on before. I hope it's happy. I'm just a little skeptical. And a little jaded about hollywood. But we'll ", "of attention you'll Robert Ben Affleck winning best picture at the Oscars during his speech he said it was like  Jennifer Garner  the audience. I want to thank you for working our marriage its work. He took a lot of people this weekend while ", 'picture at the Oscars during his speech he said it was like Jennifer Garner the audience. I want to thank you for working our marriage its work. He took a lot of people this weekend while ', 'necklace and added an emerald and diamond bracelets of the Oscars for a look worth one point 35 million dollars.  Jennifer Garner  was dripping in diamonds this year and necklace earrings and bracelet worth 2.5 Here had big time security protects ', 'of the Oscars for a look worth one point 35 million dollars. Jennifer Garner was dripping in diamonds this year and necklace earrings and bracelet worth 2.5 -- Here -- had big time security protects not ']