['Lewinsky broke, Clinton had initially denied any sexual relations with her. Famous Birthdays 1961 Reggie White 1963  Jennifer Beals  1967 Criss Angel 1970 Tyson Beckford 1971 Liz Cho 1972 Alyssa Milano 1979 Kevin Devine 1980 Jake Gyllenhaal View more ', 'was panned by critics but a box office smash. During the "Flashdance" debacle we heard a similar back and forth.  Jennifer Beals  dance double, Marine Jahan, told "Entertainment Tonight" that producers hid her involvement because "they didn\'t ', 'Story" or Audrey Hepburn in "My Fair Lady." During the "Flashdance" debacle we heard a similar back and forth.  Jennifer Beals  dance double, Marine Jahan, told "Entertainment Tonight" that producers hid her involvement because "they didn\'t ', 'hand for the Obama event at the Los Angeles Music Center: Cindy Crawford, Samuel L. Jackson, Sugar Ray Leonard,  Jennifer Beals , Dennis Quaid, Heidi Klum, Sidney Poitier, Cedric the Entertainer, Will.i.am, Kal Penn, and Ari Emanuel ', 'Sidney Poitier, Will.i.am, Cedric the Entertainer, Dennis Quaid, Kal "Kumar" Penn, Sugar Ray Leonard and  Jennifer Beals . Other industry folks such as Ari Emanuel and Ron Meyer are supposed to be there as well. But as always in Hollywood ', 'age, but laughed out loud at Kia Motors America\'s parody of the 1983 film Flashdance. A nerdy car salesman (no  Jennifer Beals , the welder/exotic dancer) dances madly to a revision of the movie\'s anthem Maniac: "He\'s a maniac, maniac ', 'age, but laughed out loud at Kia Motors America\'s parody of the 1983 film Flashdance. A nerdy car salesman (no  Jennifer Beals , the welder/exotic dancer) dances madly to a revision of the movie\'s anthem Maniac: "He\'s a maniac, maniac ', 'and being part of a creative team has always been part of the magic of movie making. Bruckheimer recalls casting  Jennifer Beals  as the lead in "Flashdance" and gathering the parts that made that movie so special. "I see myself not as a producer ', "with its I Love the '80s series, a Broadway musical based on Boy George's life, and Jennifer Lopez channeling  Jennifer Beals ' Flashdance splash in a video all were dead giveaways that we are headed back to the future. If you came of age ", "place they landed. It's an impossibly silly story:  Jennifer Beals  welds by day, dances by night. But it's amazing Adrian Lyne could make the outside of a building look.  Jennifer Beals  never made it, but he became a star. Grade: B Saturday ", 'back. They filmed on digital video and cast many of their friends, including Gwyneth Paltrow, Kevin Kline, and  Jennifer Beals . "We wanted the Ecstasy there to loosen inhibitions and get their characters to say things they wouldn\'t otherwise ', 'back. They filmed on digital video and cast many of their friends, including Gwyneth Paltrow, Kevin Kline, and  Jennifer Beals . "We wanted the Ecstasy there to loosen inhibitions and get their characters to say things they wouldn\'t otherwise ', 'back. They filmed on digital video and cast many of their friends, including Gwyneth Paltrow, Kevin Kline, and  Jennifer Beals . "We wanted the Ecstasy there to loosen inhibitions and get their characters to say things they wouldn\'t otherwise ']