['Shooting for the film was postponed Monday, the Los Angeles Times reported, but it is unclear how long it will be delayed. The film also stars  Jennifer Connelly , Logan Lerman and Anthony Hopkins and is set to hit theaters in March 2014.', 'for giving birth, having a baby at home was considered the norm. Now, with celebrities including Giselle Bundchen and  Jennifer Connelly  publicly announcing they opted for a home birth, the method is increasing becoming more popular. Recent studies show ', 'president over Al Gore. Famous Birthdays 1915 Frank Sinatra 1923 Bob Barker 1924 Ed Koch 1938 Connie Francis 1962 Mike Golic 1970  Jennifer Connelly  1972 Brandon Teena 1975 Mayim Bialik View more videos from This Month in History: December .', 'home birthing is back. Hollywood moms are increasingly opting to have their babies at home rather than in the hospital.  Jennifer Connelly , Gisele Bundchen , Alanis Morissette and Alyson Hannigan are all new moms who are part of this growing trend. So is actress ', 'creationism. At the time it was just the accepted truth. \'At War With God\' The film stars married couple Paul Bettany and  Jennifer Connelly  as Charles and Emma Darwin. It imagines a conversation between the couple. "I think you are at war with God, Charles ', "Gwyneth Snubbed By Entertainment Weekly, Plus Other Stars Who Don't Move Magazines", 'copies) Marie Claire Best-Selling Cover: Women of "Sex and the City" (440,948 copies) Worst-Selling Cover:  Jennifer Connelly  (191,000 copies) Harper\'s Bazaar Best-Selling Cover: Lindsay Lohan (213,000 copies) Worst-Selling Cover ', 'space. Hijinx ensue, involving Giants Stadium getting a severe renovation, but for fans of science, the movie offers up  Jennifer Connelly  as a scientist and the hero of the story. Astrobiology, climatology and cosmology all get respectable nods in the movie ', 'choice, the real estate agents charged with finding would-be homes for the stars may have a tougher lot. Oscar winner  Jennifer Connelly  and her husband, actor Paul Bettany, are selling their Brooklyn mansion, top left, for $8.5 million and buying a ', 'this film for months. Leonardo DiCaprio stars as a South African mercenary, with Djimon Hounsou ("In America") and  Jennifer Connelly  ("A Dangerous Mind"). "Apocalypto" -- You probably can\'t fill a U.S. theater with people who can speak the ', 'executives hopped on planes and began exploring Japan and the Pacific Rim for axe-wielding thrills. In "Dark Water,"  Jennifer Connelly  stars as a recently divorced mother who takes refuge in a rundown apartment with her daughter, only to be terrorized by ', 'a very promising director (Walter Salles who did "The Motorcycle Diaries") and a fine cast (led by Oscar-winner  Jennifer Connelly ) end up trapped in a movie they can\'t escape. We\'ve seen all the scary set-pieces before. Done Better. More than ', "summer's best love story, the romance of Eric Bana, who plays Banner, and Betty Ross, portrayed by Oscar-winner  Jennifer Connelly . The Hulk will remind you of film classics Frankenstein and King Kong. On purpose, of course. Lee's partner, producer ", 'Phoenix  Jennifer Connelly  mark buffalo and Mira Sorvino star in the new thriller called and out personal experience trying to relate to character.  Jennifer Connelly  character must balance the tragic loss of her child. With the ', "Phoenix Jennifer Connelly mark buffalo and Mira Sorvino star in the new thriller called reservation road. It's a tale of revenge anger and great courage ", "For an actor and out personal experience trying to relate to character. Jennifer Connelly character must balance the tragic loss of her child. With the marriage that is headed down a perilous path. Why students. There's ", "kind of gently. They glided into her father's arms Tinseltown's moms are increasingly choosing home over the hospital  Jennifer Connelly  to a little Morissette and Allison are all new moms part of this booming trend. Especially nowadays and TMC you know he's ", "her father's arms Tinseltown's moms are increasingly choosing home over the hospital Jennifer Connelly to -- -- a little Morissette and Allison -- are all new moms part of this booming trend. Especially nowadays and TMC ", "this movie they're clearly going for an Independent Spirit Award. It's got yet you know Ben Affleck Jennifer Aniston  Jennifer Connelly  the great Bradley Cooper is and it Drew Barrymore is also when it I had a cameo or what our effort was a cab it's like ", "Independent Spirit Award. It's got yet you know Ben Affleck Jennifer Aniston Jennifer Connelly the great Bradley Cooper is and it Drew Barrymore is also when it I had a cameo or what our effort was ", "her and prefer and outplayed by Scarlett Johansson. Who's too busy toying with the guy married to Janine portrayed by  Jennifer Connelly . Ben Affleck and Jennifer Aniston show up as a longtime couple in trouble now because he'd just cannot commit. I just ", "Who's too busy toying with the guy married to Janine portrayed by Jennifer Connelly . Ben Affleck and Jennifer Aniston show up as a longtime couple in trouble now because he'd just cannot commit. I just need "]