['resume to date. She just wrapped "Austenland," in which she stars alongside veterans JJ Feild, Keri Russell and  Jennifer Coolidge . She\'s also appeared in popular films including "One Day," "The Duchess" and "Chalet Girl." "The New ', "strengths. This time, it's Levy who's uncomfortable as he receives advice from Jim, but it's effective.  Jennifer Coolidge , still a treat as Stifler's mom, joins Levy for a hilarious climax, so to speak, that happens while the credits ", 'signed on the dotted line for the new movie and deals are in the works for Tara Reid , Chris Klein, Mena Suvari , and  Jennifer Coolidge . Alyson Hannigan may or may not be involved. This news comes a day after Seann William Scott announced that he ', 'Gentlemen Broncos\' (Oct. 30) Director: Jared Hess Stars: Michael Angarano, Jemaine Clement, Mike White,  Jennifer Coolidge  Story: The latest from the director/co-writer of "Napoleon Dynamite" follows a teenage outcast (Angarano ', 'mother considered to be sexy. The term was popularized in the raunchy 1999 feature film "American Pie," in which  Jennifer Coolidge  plays Stifler\'s Mom, an attractive, voluptuous woman who ultimately seduces a high school adversary of her son ', 'Valley. Sam forced to work in her late father\'s diner without any help from her evil stepmother Fiona, played by  Jennifer Coolidge  of American Pie fame. When Same meets her "prince" Austin Ames, played by 22-year-old teen heartthrob Chad ', 'Valley. Sam forced to work in her late father\'s diner without any help from her evil stepmother Fiona, played by  Jennifer Coolidge  of American Pie fame. When Same meets her "prince" Austin Ames, played by 22-year-old teen heartthrob Chad ', 'Habit and Hitting the Gym Last month we asked an US magazine reporter to quiz celebrities about their resolutions.  Jennifer Coolidge  said she was going to be on time. Natasha Richardson is going to be more patient. Rob Schneider says he wants to ', "those hit. The Eddie played the evil genius who won't let anyone else win the annual science fair. His girlfriend  Jennifer Coolidge  helped steal ideas to make sure He stays on top. It would be throughout if you didn't Garth Psycho guard and army ", "who won't let anyone else win the annual science fair. His girlfriend Jennifer Coolidge helped steal ideas to make sure He stays on top. It would be -- throughout if you didn't Garth Psycho guard and "]