["buy the future earnings of Usher, TLC, Boyz II Men and other recording artists--including ones deceased, like  Judy Garland . It's an online auction house where what's being auctioned are future royalties from songs. Creator and president ", "drug Seconal, a barbiturate once used as a sleeping pill, which was responsible for the overdose deaths of actresses  Judy Garland  and Marilyn Monroe. A terminal patient's wishes must be confirmed by two doctors, and the patient must self-administer ", 'Age and contain nearly three million archived photos. The photos feature stars like Marilyn Monrow, James Dean and  Judy Garland . The collection was founded by photographer Irving Klaw. SICK 7-YEAR-OLD NEBRASKA FOOTBALL FAN SCORES BIG Jack ', "Collection/Guernsey's) Elizabeth Taylor in a movie still from Cleopatra. (Movie Star News Collection/Guernsey's)  Judy Garland  in costume as Dorothy in The Wizard of Oz. (Movie Star News Collection/Guernsey's) Movie Star News Guernsey's ", 'which began showing it on television every year and turned it into a cultural phenomenon. Even more surprising:  Judy Garland , who played Dorothy and went on to become a huge star, was not the studio\'s first choice. And "Over the Rainbow ', 'versions quite capture the magic of the original starring  Judy Garland  as Dorothy. The classic tale is based on L. Frank was sick of being compared to the original Dorothy,  Judy Garland . "She did a wonderful movie, and now I\'m doing ', "Instant Index: Thanksgiving Parade Balloons Take Test Flight, Dorothy's Dress Sells", 'Macy\'s, Inc./AP Photo Dorothy\'s Wizard of Oz Dress Fetches $480,000 at Auction The iconic blue dress worn by  Judy Garland  in the "Wizard of Oz" sold for a cool $480,000 at Julien\'s Auctions in Beverly Hills, Calif. The dress fetched ', 'sale of some of Hollywood\'s most memorable items including a "Wizard of Oz" dress worn by Dorothy herself, actress  Judy Garland . The iconic blue and white-checkered dress Dorothy wears to Emerald City in the film is one of 800 items being auctioned ', 'who is probably best known for having played Princess Laiea in the original "Star Wars" trilogy. Singer-actress  Judy Garland  is the mother of multi-talented entertainer Liza Minnelli. Actress Rosemary Clooney is the mother of actor Miguel ', 'invisible Obama." Beyonce was set to star in the upcoming film in the role once played by Barbara Streisand and by  Judy Garland  in 1954. The filmmaker has reportedly not yet settled on a male lead for the film. Knowles\' publicist did not immediately ', '(ABC News) The Mickey Rooney  Judy Garland  Solution to the Climate Crisis change. Call it "The Mickey Rooney  Judy Garland  Solution to Manmade Global Warming it explores the "Mickey Rooney  Judy Garland  Solution" to climate change ', "shoots. An elected member of a political force bay rays striking before being snatched up by King Kong and this image  Judy Garland  flirting with some servicemen. Thought it was all being auctioned off today and if you're a parent you likely know ", "-- -- before being snatched up by King Kong and this image Judy Garland flirting with some servicemen. Thought it was all being auctioned off today and if you're a parent you likely know -- -- ", 'the new generation. I think that you know generations of families can go see this they can talk about the original.  Judy Garland  I think that this is hears China and as you can bring your ruby slippers and today I have black heels in the snowstorm ', 'families can go see this -- they can talk about the original. Judy Garland I think that this is hears China and as you can bring your ruby slippers and today I have black heels in ', "scary to play with a classic like that. Yeah, right, but they did it right because they're not trying to remake the  judy garland  film, but they're respectful of the land of oz that everybody knows and loves so there's the yellow brick road ", "but they did it right because they're not trying to remake the judy garland film, but they're respectful of the land of oz that everybody knows and loves so there's the yellow brick road and emerald ", 'Lincoln took home a dozen nominations the most of any those left off the list can take comfort there in good company.  Judy Garland  was passed over for the wizard books. Alfred Hitchcock never won best director. Although he was nominated for Psycho ', 'those left off the list can take comfort there in good company. Judy Garland was passed over for the wizard books. Alfred Hitchcock never won best director. Although he was nominated for Psycho and four other ', "comfortable and they're very supportive and the support you back because as an issue front. Well try telling that to  Judy Garland  does she was being strapped into one of the room being meet me in Judy I feel your pain but now these constricting undergarments ", 'you back because as an issue front. Well try telling that to Judy Garland does she was being strapped into one of the room being meet me in -- -- Judy I feel your pain but ', "character, a divine swine, miss piggy. Kermie. She's sexy and funny and she's sort of like, you know, a porcine  judy garland . It started with this no-name bit part. You're right. There she is now, miss piggy. But by 1976, a more polished ", "sexy and funny and she's sort of like, you know, a porcine judy garland . It started with this no-name bit part. You're right. There she is now, miss piggy. But by 1976, a more polished piggy ", "you click your heels three times I mean it. Two and three million box You can land wanna strike or remaining pairs of  Judy Garland  movie sliver me. From the 1939 classic the women who lives. I believe that he's issued a warrant in the close ups ", "box -- You can land wanna -- strike or remaining pairs of Judy Garland movie sliver -- -- me. From the 1939 classic the women who lives. I believe that he's issued a warrant in the "]