['was in a band that fused disco and glitter-rock fashion styles. (Her now-middle-aged bandmates are played by  Julie Walters  and Christine Baranski.) Her suitors were a hippie (Brosnan), a punkish headbanger (Colin Firth) and a free-spirited ', "Marcia Gay Harden gave a much-praised performance as the wife of an tortured, alcoholic artist in Pollock. And  Julie Walters  got rave reviews as the dance instructor in Billy Elliot. If there is one apparent certainty this year, it's Julia ", "nominated alongside her Famous co-star Frances McDormand, Pollock's Marcia Gay Harden, Billy Elliot's dance teacher  Julie Walters  and veteran Judi Dench in Chocolat. Nominated For her Dream Job Set in 1973, Cameron Crowe's film Almost Famous ", "award, with her performance in Erin Brockovich as a legal secretary who brings a giant corporation to its knees.  Julie Walters ' portrayal of a ballet teacher in Billy Elliot won her the Best Supporting Actress honor. The Best Supporting Actor ", "award, with her performance in Erin Brockovich as a legal secretary who brings a giant corporation to its knees.  Julie Walters ' portrayal of a ballet teacher in Billy Elliot won her the Best Supporting Actress honor. The Best Supporting Actor ", "award, with her performance in Erin Brockovich as a legal secretary who brings a giant corporation to its knees.  Julie Walters 's portrayal of a ballet teacher in Billy Elliot won her Best Supporting Actress. Best Supporting Actor went to Benicio ", 'for her role as a groupie in Almost Famous. Hudson goes up against Frances McDormand (also from Almost Famous),  Julie Walters  (Billy Elliot), and Judi Dench (Chocolat) in the Best Supporting Actress category. Dark horse Marcia Gay Harden ', 'for her role as a groupie in Almost Famous. Hudson goes up against Frances McDormand (also from Almost Famous),  Julie Walters  (Billy Elliot), and Judi Dench (Chocolat) in the Best Supporting Actress category. Dark horse Marcia Gay Harden ', 'for her role as a groupie in Almost Famous. Hudson goes up against Frances McDormand (also from Almost Famous),  Julie Walters  (Billy Elliot), and Judi Dench (Chocolat) in the Best Supporting Actress category. Dark horse Marcia Gay Harden ', 'for her role as a groupie in Almost Famous. Hudson goes up against Frances McDormand (also from Almost Famous),  Julie Walters  (Billy Elliot), and Judi Dench (Chocolat) in the Best Supporting Actress category. Dark horse Marcia Gay Harden ', "with the acting prize. Other supporting actress nominees: Marcia Gay Harden, as the painter's wife in Pollock;  Julie Walters , the inspirational ballet teacher in Billy Elliot; and Judi Dench for her work in Chocolat. Hollywood's Super Bowl ", 'PERFORMANCE BY AN ACTRESS IN A SUPPORTING ROLE Judi Dench, Chocolat Frances McDormand, Almost Famous Lena Olin, Chocolat  Julie Walters , Billy Elliot Zhang Ziyi, Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon PERFORMANCE BY AN ACTOR IN A SUPPORTING ROLE Benicio Del ', "hundreds of praised him in the local press and Stephen. We salute you here is the rest of the news you missed. Those  Julie Walters  has set a new bar for pharmacies as your mom's feelings don't even posters subscription you that with a customer ", "salute you here is the rest of the news you missed. Those Julie Walters has set a new bar for pharmacies as your mom's feelings don't even posters subscription you -- -- that with a customer. "]