['officials say Polizzi plans to vacation and film in a house there for the new season of her "Jersey Shore" spinoff, "Snooki and  JWoww ." Some homeowners have hired a lawyer to try to block production. The Star-Ledger of Newark ( http://bit.ly/11bkZBj ', 'have apparently encouraged her pal Jenni " JWoww " Farley to consider skipping getting married marriage. I just want to have kids,\'"  JWoww  told Cosmo. "I just really love Lorenzo makes it look so easy too." Snooki and  JWoww  have still not announced a date for their ', 'just gonna be without power for a long time. I think Halloween for my boys is a bust," she wrote. Jersey Shore star Jenni " JWoww " Farley was in Los Angeles promoting the reality show on Tuesday, when she posted a photo from her hometown Toms River, NJ ', 'shift at Merk\'s store] called," he said. "Everyone\'s been really concerned. It\'s nice that people care." Jenni " JWoww " Farley appeared on "The Tonight Show" Tuesday and called the destruction of New Jersey\'s coastline "devastating." She ', 'this comment, and phrase it so oddly. "As a woman, I think it\'s really important not to discredit feelings." What is she trying to say? [ US Weekly ]  JWoww  Endorses Healthy Living But Forgot She\'s Supposed To Be Shilling Diet Pills', 'months of rumors and speculation, Jenni "  JWoww  " Farley announced today that she\'s engaged that the In Touch Weekly news is true,"  JWoww \'s rep said in a statement to ABCNews Jersey Shore" and the spin-off "Snooki &  JWoww ," popped the question while the two were ', 'with wedding bells in her future. Jenni " JWoww " Farley is reportedly engaged to her long-term save it for filming," the source said.  JWoww  currently stars on the "Jersey Shore" spin-off "Snooki &  JWoww ." The second season began shooting last ', 'reality star has behaved herself since she announced her pregnancy and engagement to LaValle on a spinoff show, "Snooki and  JWoww ." MTV released a statement this morning congratulating the new parents. "We couldn\'t be happier for Nicole and Jionni ', 'Pregnancy has also provided an opportunity for Snooki to re-invent herself. Her new MTV reality show spinoff, "Snooki &  Jwoww ," is designed to showcase two best friends on one last hoorah as bachelorettes before Snooki walks down the aisle. But it ', 'round out the cast. The fun starts on TNT June 13. \'Snooki &  JWoww \' What would summer be without the "Jersey Shore" gang? In this spinoff series, Snooki (Nicole Polizzi) and  JWoww  (Jennifer Farley) bring their own brand of terror to Atlantic ', "Kissinger joins a long line of celebrities who have recently been subject to a security pat-down. From the Jersey Shore's  JWOWW  to the model Bar Refaeli to actress and singer Jennifer Hudson, it seems airport security is the great equalizer. But he should ", 'HEY, WELCOME BACK. IN HER NEW SHOW, SNOOKI AND  J - WOWW , PLEASE WELCOME JENNY " J - WOWW ." . THANK YOU FOR BRINGING YOUR FRIEND. YOU CAN\'T BARE TO BE APART. I CAN\'T. WE WERE SUPPOSED ', 'HEY, WELCOME BACK. IN HER NEW SHOW, SNOOKI AND J-WOWW , PLEASE WELCOME JENNY " J-WOWW ." . THANK YOU FOR BRINGING YOUR FRIEND. YOU CAN\'T BARE TO BE APART. I CAN\'T. WE WERE SUPPOSED TO HAVE YOUR PARTNER ', "can't exactly aliens they have it's good times expunge our anti have fun to all right we in the new show everybody Snooki and  jwoww . It premieres tomorrow on MTV congratulations. I don't you and good yesterday he congratulations and I don't all the show ", "all right we -- -- in the new show everybody Snooki and jwoww . It premieres tomorrow on MTV congratulations. I don't you and good -- yesterday he congratulations and I don't all the show this ", 'season in seaside heights. So many changes to discuss. And here to talk about them all, the cast minus snooki, who is home.  Jwoww , you have your show with nicole. How do you feel about "jersey shore" ending? It\'s bittersweet. "Jersey shore" changed ', 'to talk about them all, the cast minus snooki, who is home. Jwoww , you have your show with nicole. How do you feel about "jersey shore" ending? It\'s bittersweet. "Jersey shore" changed my life, in ', "do their own thing. We're seeing. We have snooki and  j . Woww  doing a spin-off. D.J. Paulie d. They wanted more everybody. I have good news if you're upset. Because  j . Woww  and snooki's show will come back. It hasn't started ", "wanted to do their own thing. We're seeing. We have snooki and j . Woww doing a spin-off. D.J. Paulie d. They wanted more money from the contracts or they're ready to move on. But wait, everybody. I have good news if you're upset. Because j . Woww and snooki's show will come back. It hasn't started yet. You'll get a sampling of that. Anything else on that? It was ", "Hi, I'm j.Q., Not to be confused with  j - woww , a familiar figure on the jersey shore, home to snooki, that famous phrase, gtl, gym, tan, laundry and even a few housewives ", "Hi, I'm j.Q., Not to be confused with j-woww , a familiar figure on the jersey shore, home to snooki, that famous phrase, gtl, gym, tan, laundry and even a few housewives. ", 'delivering. She was in makeup. Because the cameras were there and it\'s going to be part of the next season of "snooki and  j - woww ." That\'s great. We have a new character to introduce. Do you have anything to add? Everyone rolls their eyend say ', 'it\'s going to be part of the next season of "snooki and j-woww ." That\'s great. We have a new character to introduce. Do you have anything to add? Everyone rolls their eyend say, oh, snooki. ']