["with someone like Bubba Smith being on it is that he's very large man an underlying heart disease. heart disease in an  enlarged heart  his heart was twice the size of my So to put someone like that on a medication like that. Plus he overdosed on it right ", 'large man -- an underlying heart disease. -- heart disease in an enlarged heart his heart was twice the size of my -- So to put someone like that on a medication like that. Plus he ', "I heard about it after step you'd never her efforts have before them. Champions full autopsy shows he at a slightly  enlarged heart . But this diagram included in the autopsy shows contusion marks in tissue damage consistent with the enduring a beating ", 'efforts have before them. Champions full autopsy shows he at a slightly enlarged heart . But this diagram included in the autopsy shows contusion marks in tissue damage consistent with the enduring a beating. A judge has ', "be dealt. In November 12 year old Kristen hicks had a lingering cough and went from her doctor to duke diagnosed with an  enlarged heart . went ten testing. To echo. Which is different look at your heart and won't. And down state I see it. When I first ", "cough and went from her -- doctor to duke diagnosed with an enlarged heart . -- went ten testing. To echo. Which is different look at your heart -- and won't. And down state I see it. ", "bigger and as a hard gets bigger it can't home as effectively. This is a normal about the size of your fist next to an  enlarged heart  you can see from the X rays how big Smiths dot. This is in his heart he's got about three fists or four worth of heart ", "a normal -- about the size of your fist next to an enlarged heart you can see from the X rays how big Smiths dot. This is in his heart he's got about three fists or ", 'in disbelief. Leonard later died at the hospital doctor said it was sudden cardiac arrest due to an  enlarged heart . In an  enlarged heart  the electrical signal can short circuit. Stopping the heart from beating the condition often goes undetected ', 'the hospital doctor said it was sudden cardiac arrest due to an enlarged heart . In an enlarged heart the electrical signal can short circuit. Stopping the heart from beating the condition often goes undetected. Well Lenard suffered from a relatively ', "called for new. The cheering fans fell silent effort to revive him failed. Cause of death. Sudden cardiac arrest due to an  enlarged heart  where the electrical signal can short circuit stopping the heart from beating. It's a condition that often goes unnoticed ", "revive him failed. Cause of death. Sudden cardiac arrest due to an enlarged heart where the electrical signal can short circuit stopping the heart from beating. It's a condition that often goes unnoticed. According to friends ", "son's story isn't the first. Five years ago and other central Catholic student David Heller died in his sleep from an  enlarged heart  after a basketball game. And Grant High School student Andy Barnett heart failed during a basketball game of doing war ", 'other central Catholic student David Heller died in his sleep from an enlarged heart after a basketball game. And Grant High School student Andy Barnett heart failed during a basketball game -- of doing war. Knowing ', 'to be separated we would lose its. Their condition creates problems for the girls Tatiana the smaller of the two has an  enlarged heart . And actually pumps much of Crist is blood to brain. Complications have lead to surgeries and more worries. I took them ', 'problems for the girls Tatiana the smaller of the two has an enlarged heart . And actually pumps much of Crist is blood to -- brain. Complications have lead to surgeries and more worries. I took them ', 'resume. Julianne the boy with the axe wound finally to a hospital in Tampa native and nine. Along with the girl with the  enlarged heart  but others like this boy needs skin graft that it still waiting. Look at the people down here and you know a lot of them ', 'hospital in Tampa native and nine. Along with the girl with the enlarged heart but others like this boy needs -- skin graft that it still waiting. Look at the people down here and you know ']