["been advertised in dietary supplements as a way to burn fat and increase energy, but some experts liken the ingredient to  ephedra , a stimulant that's been linked to deaths of many professional athletes. According to Dr. Angela Guarda, director ", 'Alli was approved in 2007 as an over-the-counter drug. The FDA banned the two market-leading pills, Fen-phen and  ephedra , because of potentially fatal side effects. Studies suggest that taking Xenical or Alli would only help people lose 4 ', 'leads to sleeplessness, tremors, restlessness and anxiety. Until several overdose deaths were reported, the diet drug  ephedra  was also a common additive. Some Energy Drink Ingredients May Have Side Effects, Docs Say "These ingredients in and ', 'fen-phen; now they\'re looking for something that naturally assists them in making dietary changes without the jitters of  ephedra ," says Valerie Waters, a personal trainer in L.A., who has worked with Jennifer Garner and Jessica Biel and endorses ', "IOM). He served on the IOM committees that recommended Medicare coverage of clinical trials as well as the removal of  ephedra  from the market and the IOM's Committee on Identifying and Preventing Medication Errors. He is currently a member of ", 'before it can be pulled from shelves. In 2005, after reports of more than 155 deaths were linked to the dietary supplement  ephedra , the FDA prohibited its sale. Some experts think that the FDA reacts too slowly when it comes to the safety. "In many ', 'unlikely to help: Diet pills: Weight loss pills have a discouraging track record. "Fat burners" such as amphetamines and  ephedra  have been linked to heart palpitations, strokes, heart attacks, and deaths, even in healthy people. Angel and devil ', "Are There Any Beneficial Herbal Products Or Supplements To Help Enhance A Man's Athletic Performance?", 'you need to be incredibly careful about safety with those. There are number of them that cause problems as we saw with  ephedra  and the number of deaths that occurred before the FDA banned it in 2004. As far as supplements that tend to work well ', 'Are There Specific Vitamins, Minerals Or Supplements That Men Should Be Taking Daily?', "most you can say is: it might help, it probably won't hurt. But there are some that people should avoid, such as  ephedra  and other supplements that have been shown to have negative beneficial effects.", 'estimate." The legislation pushed by Durbin came in the wake of several deaths related to the now-banned supplement  ephedra . The weight-loss and energy enhancer was implicated in the deaths of Minnesota Vikings offensive lineman Korey Stringer ', 'found one brand included ma huang, also known as Chinese  ephedra , even though the U.S. Food and Drug Administration the heart even more. Odabashian worked on efforts to get  ephedra -containing products banned in California. Her advice ', 'Serious Health Hazard Twelve dietary supplements containing  ephedra , aristolochic acid or human placenta that may pose a Du Huo joint relief); and Seng Jong Tzu Tong Tan.  Ephedrine  alkaloids can have potentially dangerous effects on the ', 'Serious Health Hazard Twelve dietary supplements containing  ephedra , aristolochic acid or human placenta that may pose a Du Huo joint relief); and Seng Jong Tzu Tong Tan.  Ephedrine  alkaloids can have potentially dangerous effects on the ', "that He con. Buying  ephedrine  now requires a photo tracks by buying pseudo  ephedrine  at multiple stores across say is to make pseudo  ephedrine  prescription only it's Mexico has done take  ephedra  and off the market entirely ", "wave of destruction had already crested in 2005 new laws put pseudo ephedrine the main ingredient in -- Behind pharmacy counters. Back 1998 when meth labs were started we had this gigantic ocean places you can go to -- every one by cold tablets so now we've gone from. This gigantic ocean of places to -- down to this little that He con. Buying -- ephedrine now requires a photo ID and signature the information recorded in log books. The new measures were hailed as a crippling blow to the meth trade until now. You know and to build a better mousetrap you get a smaller amounts. -- Sergeant Jason ground their heads of the squad of narcotics agents in Franklin County Missouri. But what the coach Jefferson finally figured out is there's more of us and are the cops. There's too many locations. It's a practice called surfing abusers hiding their tracks by buying pseudo ephedrine at multiple stores across multiple counties. Pharmacists like Clarissa hall -- it's become all too common. What percentage of years pseudo -- ", "all. The only way to win police say is to make pseudo ephedrine prescription only it's already happening Dora game where meth -- had nearly been eradicated. Another option is to do what Mexico has done take -- ephedra and off the market entirely. That crackdown has tighten the supply of imported Mexican made men. Which is partly why the drug ", "are going to see some big medical names such as. Pseudo  ephedrine . a math or fans. Talk about those two ingredients in found in a lot of these OTC preparation. We'll soon  ephedra  and is the medication that was bad and so it's really ", "medications are going to see some big medical names such as. Pseudo ephedrine . -- a math or fans. Talk about those two ingredients in particular -- are found in a lot of these OTC preparation. We'll soon ephedra and is the medication that was -- -- -- bad and so it's really sold in much smaller quantities now because of ", 'first is that you need to be incredibly careful about safety with those either number of them cause problems as we saw with  ephedra  and number. And deaths that occurred for the FDA banned it in 2004. As far as supplements that tend to work well pick ', 'with those either number of them cause problems as we saw with ephedra and number. And deaths that occurred for the FDA banned it in 2004. As far as supplements that tend to work well ', "taking stimulant drugs including products with chromium and  ephedra  and try to shed weight. Most people don't realize that proven to work. In some cases such products containing  ephedra . Supplements can be dangerous. Experts say diet pills ", "-- People admitted to taking stimulant drugs including products with chromium and ephedra and try to shed weight. Most people don't realize that supplements has not been tested for safety and effectiveness -- -- drug -- In fact the US government specifically recommends against diet supplements as a way to lose weight because they have not been proven to work. In some cases such products containing ephedra . Supplements can be dangerous. Experts say diet pills seem like a quick fix but they are a waste of money and -- ", "about the most you can say is it might help it probably won't hurt but there are some of the people should avoid such as  ephedra . In other supplements have been shown to be have negative beneficial effects.", 'hurt but there are some of the people should avoid such as ephedra . In other supplements have been shown to be have negative beneficial effects. ', 'about dietary supplements in general. Often heavily advertised. Most dietary supplements are ineffective. And a few like  ephedra  containing products are harmful. Because of legislation passed a decade ago. The FDA is barred from regulating these ', 'Often heavily advertised. Most dietary supplements are ineffective. And a few like ephedra containing products are harmful. Because of legislation passed a decade ago. The FDA is barred from regulating these products. They -- four. ']