["Michigan Gov. Rick Snyder visits Meet the Press to discuss the city of Detroit's recent filing for bankruptcy.", 'This content comes from Closed Captioning that was broadcast along with this program.', "our political roundtable is here. i'll talk to them in just a moment. but i want to begin with ", '. i was immediately drawn to something you said back in june to 11. i\'ll put it up on the screen. the headline, "bankruptcy not an option for cities." governor ', "well, we worked hard on the process. again, that's something to be avoided. and it's not something i'm happy to be in this situation. this was a very tough decision. but it's the right decision. because ultimately the issue we need to do is to get better services for the 700,000 people of ", " deserve better than they're getting today, in addition to dealing with this crushing debt question. we went through all the other processes we could. there were no other viable options. and once you go through every other option, then you should consider bankruptcy. we're at that point. i believe it's the right thing to do now because the focus needs to be dealing with this debt question. but even more importantly, ", ' deserve better services. 58-minute response times on police calls. absolutely unacceptable.', "again, if you look, this is 60 years of decline. this has been kicking the can down the road for 6 of 0 years. and my perspective on it, enough is enough. i think there needs to be more accountability in government. and part of the issue here is let's stand up with and deal with this tragic situation and take care of the citizens. and that's what this is all about. this is drawing that line to say let's stop going downhill. because if we hadn't declared bankruptcy, every continuing day, ", ". and even more importantly, longer term, i'm very bullish about the growth opportunities of ", ". there's many outstanding things going on in the city with the private sector, with ", "you've got $18 billion in debt. a friend of mine i talked to said, you know, is this ", "? look what's happened. how do you recover? you've got some 20,000 retirees there who rely upon pension checks which is grossly underfunded. how do you find a way back? how does a city like this turn itself around?", "well, you get honest about it to start with. again, that's about accountability and putting the fangts on the table. that's been a big part of this exercise is in many cases for the on years, we've ignored the facts. and the retirees, i empathize with them.", "let me put it in perspective for you. one of the things that bankruptcy does allow is a positive in the sense that we were talking with a lot of creditors. but one of the issues that weren't being represented well enough were the retirees. so proactively in the bankruptcy petition, one thing that we're asking for is the judge, right up front, to appoint someone to represent the retirees. they need to be at the table. they need to have a voice. and the other thing i want to really speak to the retirees themselves now is to the degree the pension plans are funded, that doesn't affect us at all. the bankruptcy is about the unfunded portion of the pension liability, which is still significant. i don't want to underestimate it, but the funded piece is safe. the real question is how do you address the unfunded piece. and if you go back in history, it's an ugly history of how this ", 'drop dead." here are some of the facts about the auto bailout and about the current debt ', " billion dollars that flowed to the auto companies when they needed help. now you've got a total debt in ", ' of $18 billion. is there not some money that should be available even from that initial bailout to the auto companies to help the city?', ". what i want to speak to is a solution, an idea of being a partner in solving problems. tangible things we're doing. this isn't about just writing checks. this is about improving ", ", the city and the state working together is blight removal. we're going to be starting to implement $100 million program to remove some of those 78,000 blighted structures in ", ". that's one of the positive steps. so we don't need to wait for all of bankruptcy to end. we're moving now to improving ", "governor, we'll be watching. thank you very much for your time here with us today. as i'm going to make my way over to our roundtable, we will hear from, among others, the former ", ' go bankrupt. i bet on american workers and american ingenuity and three years later, that bet is paying off in a big way.', "right. and that's a really important distinction because people are assuming that when he said we're not going to let ", ", there were three -- almost 300,000 automotive or manufacturing jobs in the city. 300,000. today, it's 27,000. that's a 90% decline in good-paying manufacturing jobs. so the real question is, not just about tearing down blight. it's what are we going to do as a nation to create good-paying, middle-", ' jobs in a country that has a policy of being completely hands off with the economy. we have to have a manufacturing policy, an ', ' policy, and give the ability for states to develop clusters that will help them compete.', "some of the criticism, governor, from conservatives who say, look, you've had 50 years of democratic rule in the ", ', but in other cities who are pursuing pensions and retirement policies that are completely unsustainable. and that there has been some level of denial. even you, in ', " ever really recover in your honest opinion? you said absolutely. we have great bones in the city and as a state, we have more engineers in this region than in all the other states plus canada and mexico combined. we're in a tough period because we have an auto crisis and a ", " so we're hit harder than any other state in the country. today you're saying it's much bigger than the ", ' does have great bones, but what we need is a strategy nationally, like other countries have, to keep and create good-paying, middle-', ' jobs here. and we need a congress that would support that strategy. let me just quickly say, ', ', you talked about the pensions. cities across the couldnntry have $2 million of unfended pensions. this is not just ', '. there are 50,000 communities across the country that have lost factories since the year ', ' for a very long time. this turned into a machine political town, if you followed that. in my 25 years of following politics, you know, it was a city -- and i remember the first ', ", sort of when they replaced in the coal man young era, it was that first attempt. and there was a lot of cities that did that. you saw here in washington, d.c., and you saw these attempts. you know, one mayor couldn't change things because you had 30 years of cronyism. it was a machine.", "'s largest trading partner couldn't figure out how to diversify its economy, you have to sit there and say it was not just poor ", ' -- and what the governor has mentioned, and other communities and other urban cities is the result also of ', ' at the national level when it comes to trade, when it comes to the fair investment and manufacturing to watch all of our jobs go abroad and not have a response. the second thing that grates many, many people is that we could bail out the automobile companies at a very hefty price. we could bail out the banks at a very hefty price. but when it comes to urban communities, where the poor are, when it comes to the deteriorating construction of urban communities, we have excuses. we have an effort to simply say, well, the problems are in ', ". get your government straight, and then we'll help you. what i hope this means is that there's going to be a renewed interest in american urban communities. and for the ", " to recognize we need a concerted effort if we're going to compete with china and india to bring back good-paying jobs.", "listen, we've got two narratives. the one is deindustrialization. the other is institutional failure. deindustrialization didn't only happen in ", 'pittsburgh, really, probably the best parallel because they had economic diversity. they had education. and they did not have institutional failure. ', ", entrenched interests. they're together forever and forever. they get a culture of mediocrity, cronyism and collapse.", 'you think about major institutions, whether washington is broken, schools, cities. ', ', we discussed the book he\'s written called "the unwinding and inner history of the new ', '." and he writes this, in part. no one can say when the unwinding began, when the coil that held americans together in its secure and sometimes stifling grip first gave way. like any great change, the unwinding began countless times, countless ways and at some moment the country always the same country crossed a lane and became different. if you were born around ', ' or afterward, you would spend your adult life in the vertigo of that unwinding. you watched structures that had been in place before your birth collapse like pillars of salt across the vast visible landscape. you think a lot about this concept of whether this is american decline or if this is something much more temporary and narrow.', ", college-educated communities, you're not seeing decline. you've got family structures, rising incomes, you're doing fine. if you're in the less educated, whether you're african-american, latino, white, asian, you're seeing collapsing social skrurkts. 70% african-american kids born out of wedlock. so what you're seeing is this collapse of order on the bottom. if you're born into a certain ", " challenge because what's changed is the world in which we live. the world in which we live with new competitors all across the globe. and we're in the changing dem graph demographics of ", " divide. we've departed from that. and what i'm concerned is that we, in many, many polite circles, do not think that that ", "well, that's the whole point. is what is -- if we want congress to act on anything, it is on a strategy to keep and create middle-", ' and that large scope of poor, the group is getting larger. so how do we create, in a ', '? other countries are doing this. we have not. we can learn from germany. we think that because we are exceptional as a nation, that we ought not be borrowing ', ' from other countries. but in fact, the other countries have figured out how to crack the code, to create ', " jobs in their nation. why can't we? it's because we have gridlock in congress that refuses to have any hands on when it comes to the economy.", "let me get a break break in here and come back. i want to get to the president and his comments on race. where he's choosing to really make an impact in his second term"]