['In March, bank executives were called to testify before the Senate Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations. So much public attention was focused on the issue at that time that several big banks announced they would modify or eliminate a few of their most egregious practices. Committee members vowed to write legislation to protect American consumers.', 'So far Congress has done nothing to reduce or limit the exorbitant fees and sky-high penalty interest rates being charged to cardholders. And even though the Federal Reserve cut a benchmark interest rate this week, consumers are about to take it on the chin yet again.', 'Right now, the late fee on a Discover card is $15 on balances up to $500 and $39 on balances over $500. For billing periods after Oct. 1, the late fee will be $19 on balances up to $250 and $39 on balances over $250.', 'Hardekopf says some credit card issuers have figured out another way to generate even more money from late fees. They have added a third tier.', 'Chase, for example, now charges $15 on balances up to $99.99, $29 on balances between $100 and $249.99, and $39 on balances over $250.', 'The Fed\'s half-point rate cut will eventually trickle down to borrowers who use variable-rate credit cards, says Greg McBride, senior financial analyst at bankrate.com. "But the bad news is that this won\'t happen overnight, as issuers are much slower to pass along a lower rate than they are to pass along a higher rate," he said.', 'In any cases, lower base rates will have little or no impact on penalty rates and fees.', 'Days before the March congressional hearing, Citibank announced it was eliminating universal default. Capital One testified it did not have a universal default penalty. But many other banks do.', 'Until now, the top default rate was a ridiculously high 30 percent. Chase just bumped it up to 32 percent. Before long, you can expect to see other banks boost their default rates.', 'And remember, there is usually a transaction fee of 3 percent or more on top of that outrageous interest rate.', 'Use your Chase card to get a $1,500 cash advance, and in one year you would pay $465 in interest and fees.', 'If you do not have any liquid assets, consider tapping the equity in your house, through a home equity line of credit. This really makes sense if you already have an established line of credit.', 'Get socked with a higher interest rate or penalty fee and you may want to switch to another card. Before you do that, call your credit card company and see if they will do something for you. If you have been a good customer up to this point, they may waive that fee or drop the interest rate a bit.', 'In its October issue, Consumer Reports surveyed thousands of readers and found that people who call to negotiate a lower interest rate succeed more than half the time; 79 percent are able to get a penalty fee removed.', 'If you have good credit and your card issuer will not work with you, it is time to shop around for another card. That does not mean jumping at the first pre-approved offer you get in the mail. It means comparison shopping.', 'You want to compare terms and conditions, not just the interest rate. What are the fees and penalties? How long is the grace period? Does the card have a universal default policy?']