["that lead to. Some admit that the things like on. Let's say we know that that quality of the sperm. Or conditions like  endometriosis . All of those things may be able to be improved prevented by having the right diet. So have doctors started using antioxidants ", 'say we know that that quality of the sperm. Or conditions like endometriosis . All of those things may be able to be improved -- prevented by having the right diet. So have doctors -- started ', "released which led to staff and even doctors giving her the nickname the 41 year old virgin and who now apparently she has.  Endometriosis . She was diagnosed in 2007 which is an extremely people condition where uterine cells grow outside of the woman's uterus ", "nickname the 41 year old virgin and who now apparently she has. Endometriosis . She was diagnosed in 2007 which is an extremely people condition where uterine cells grow outside of the woman's uterus. Now even ", "White House was tone deaf. You know mrs. it's just about. You know pregnancy and birth control issues to prevent many.  endometriosis . Ovarian cancer so. I think the White House a look at this overall as a health issue that as a political issue. By making ", 'about. You know pregnancy and birth control issues to prevent many. -- endometriosis . Ovarian cancer so. I think the White House a look at this overall as a health issue that as a political issue. ', "foundation because she's suffered from  endometriosis  tell little. About that. I have had  endometriosis . Since I was a teenager but I never if you don't know. That you have  endometriosis  because sometimes you can be asymptomatic ", "is fun there you starting your own foundation because she's suffered from endometriosis -- tell little. About that. I have had endometriosis . Since I was a teenager but I never was diagnosed with it until. Just 23 years ago and the content of my ", "late thirties even forties and if you don't know. That you have endometriosis because sometimes you can be asymptomatic. By the time you investigate. Being a mother it's often too -- about ten million. -- ", "in a question. What the current treatment protocol for  endometriosis . My daughter has had for years and not much has changed anything about her daughter but let's just cover what  endometriosis  is enemy is very painful. Condition caused by implants ", "where -- sent in a question. What the current treatment protocol for endometriosis . My daughter has had for years and not much has changed. Recently she hasn't left ovary and flew into removed due to severe pain from hormonal treatment -- -- next. In some ways that's almost a sixteenth as surgery when -- -- on both first and. -- We don't know anything about her daughter but let's just cover what endometriosis is enemy -- is -- very painful. Condition caused by implants. Believed to be from the lining of the uterus. Which flow ", "not be able to carry it well. So didn't meet Chris or Agassi could be a woman had cervical cancer had a hysterectomy.  Endometriosis . Multiple medical complications previous pregnancy they did not go well. Where the baby was delivered prematurely may ", 'or Agassi could be a woman had cervical cancer had a hysterectomy. Endometriosis . Multiple medical complications -- previous pregnancy they did not go well. Where the baby was delivered prematurely may have died and everything ', "you personally have had breast cancer you may also be at increased risk. For our brain cancer. And then if you've had  endometriosis . Emails be at increased risk and who is at the well well this is interesting. First of all if you had your first child ", "at increased risk. For our brain cancer. And then if you've had endometriosis . Emails be at increased risk and who is at the well well this is interesting. First of all if you had your ", "don't think that that's something to shy away from your as a condition she has something new democracy. I and sufferer of  endometriosis  it's you know not a death sentence by any means it's just. Painful. Reproductive. Disease. Now she has cradle in ", "a condition she has -- something new democracy. I and sufferer of endometriosis it's you know not a death sentence by any means it's just. Painful. Reproductive. Disease. Now she has -- cradle in her ", 'pelvic pain is menstrual pain but there are some other causes. These include pelvic inflammatory disease. very insists.  Endometriosis . And other infections. Of the pelvis. Most pelvic pain is mild and can be treated very easily with a simple painkiller ', 'are some other causes. These include pelvic inflammatory disease. -- very insists. Endometriosis . And other infections. Of the pelvis. Most pelvic pain is mild and can be treated very easily with a simple painkiller such ', 'pelvic pain is menstrual pain but there are some other causes. These include pelvic inflammatory disease. very insists.  Endometriosis . And other infections. Of the pelvis. Most pelvic pain is mild and can be treated very easily with a simple painkiller ', 'are some other causes. These include pelvic inflammatory disease. -- very insists. Endometriosis . And other infections. Of the pelvis. Most pelvic pain is mild and can be treated very easily with a simple painkiller such ', "problems might cause pain during sex. These include pelvic inflammatory disease. Infection of the cervix. All very insists and  endometriosis . So if relaxation techniques an improvement of lubrication don't work see your doctor.", "include pelvic inflammatory disease. Infection of the cervix. All very insists and endometriosis . So if relaxation techniques an improvement of lubrication don't work -- see your doctor. "]