["are going to see some big medical names such as. Pseudo  ephedrine . a math or fans. Talk about those two ingredients in found in a lot of these OTC preparation. We'll soon  ephedra  and is the medication that was bad and so it's really ", "medications are going to see some big medical names such as. Pseudo ephedrine . -- a math or fans. Talk about those two ingredients in particular -- are found in a lot of these OTC preparation. We'll soon ephedra and is the medication that was -- -- -- bad and so it's really sold in much smaller quantities now because of ", 'first is that you need to be incredibly careful about safety with those either number of them cause problems as we saw with  ephedra  and number. And deaths that occurred for the FDA banned it in 2004. As far as supplements that tend to work well pick ', 'with those either number of them cause problems as we saw with ephedra and number. And deaths that occurred for the FDA banned it in 2004. As far as supplements that tend to work well ', "taking stimulant drugs including products with chromium and  ephedra  and try to shed weight. Most people don't realize that proven to work. In some cases such products containing  ephedra . Supplements can be dangerous. Experts say diet pills ", "-- People admitted to taking stimulant drugs including products with chromium and ephedra and try to shed weight. Most people don't realize that supplements has not been tested for safety and effectiveness -- -- drug -- In fact the US government specifically recommends against diet supplements as a way to lose weight because they have not been proven to work. In some cases such products containing ephedra . Supplements can be dangerous. Experts say diet pills seem like a quick fix but they are a waste of money and -- ", "about the most you can say is it might help it probably won't hurt but there are some of the people should avoid such as  ephedra . In other supplements have been shown to be have negative beneficial effects.", 'hurt but there are some of the people should avoid such as ephedra . In other supplements have been shown to be have negative beneficial effects. ', 'about dietary supplements in general. Often heavily advertised. Most dietary supplements are ineffective. And a few like  ephedra  containing products are harmful. Because of legislation passed a decade ago. The FDA is barred from regulating these ', 'Often heavily advertised. Most dietary supplements are ineffective. And a few like ephedra containing products are harmful. Because of legislation passed a decade ago. The FDA is barred from regulating these products. They -- four. ']