['moment. For all of us remember  Andy Griffith  but legend we yesterday at the Rock called him the original beat  Andy Griffith  a legendary career forged from that hip urban nights do today.  Andy Griffith  was its most appealing embodiment ', "And now let's take a moment. For all of us remember Andy Griffith but legend we -- yesterday at the age of 86. To sit there in this internship for half a century. He entertained ", "for generations of fans Chris Rock called him the original -- beat Andy Griffith a legendary career forged from a mythical place. Somewhere wandering -- around -- barriers. -- -- -- At a time in the sixties when small town America and its amiable eccentrics held the same sway over sitcoms that hip urban nights do today. Andy Griffith was its most appealing embodiment serving up folksy wisdom. Chicago tiger on -- -- luckily it. And plenty of awe shucks smiles. At you tail and -- As may -- sheriff -- Taylor on the Andy Griffith Show. That -- sheriff and I got my beauty -- its last original episode aired 44 years ago. It it would become an enduring TV classic. Making Griffith himself. Thank god I'm a country boy icon to millions. Doing all along. On Tuesday as news of Pickett's death begin distressed Fred Hayes who featured that the news video from Clayton on a woman. Took to Twitter in tribute tweeting. Andy Griffith entertain the world. He improved our lives and I was so proud to work with him and so did the actor and ", "Matlock. Dragged the body to the middle of the room at the Andy Griffith Show -- his signature. TV shows come and go but there's only one Andy Griffith . -- 2005. George W. Bush presented him with the presidential medal of freedom. Use family Laurie editor -- about a little town ", 'treasure lost today we learned  Andy Griffith  has died all day long so many American households Julian 1960s.  Andy Griffith  was to have America share small quintessential American town. The  Andy Griffith  Show debuted in 1960. Young Ronnie ', "An American treasure lost today we learned Andy Griffith has died all day long so many remembering that fictional town of -- that sheriff. -- -- Listen to an American households Julian -- 1960s. -- Andy Griffith was to have America share small fictional town of -- with his wisdom -- week I spoke to since -- and let that quintessential American town. The Andy Griffith Show debuted in 1960. Young Ronnie Howard playing the widowed sheriff's young son open. -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- ", "defense. The Dali Lama. And the sheriff of mayberry.  Andy Griffith  first came the people's attention with his gift for Grammy Award for You'll always be remembered for the  Andy Griffith  Show and Matlock. It is also given powerful dramatic ", "state secretary of defense. The Dali Lama. And the sheriff of mayberry. Andy Griffith first came -- the people's attention with his gift for storytelling. In his own life is a mighty fine story by itself. He started out I schoolteacher and in his amazing career is gained fame as an actor. And received a Grammy Award for -- -- You'll always be remembered for the Andy Griffith Show and Matlock. It is also given powerful dramatic performances in such movies as -- face in the crowd. Looking back on ", 'And we have a big announcement tonight from a familiar face in our past. It\'s gomer pyle. Shazam! That\'s "the  andy griffith  show" and jim nabors. Today, the 82-year-old has announced he has married his long-time partner. They have ', 'a familiar face in our past. It\'s gomer pyle. Shazam! That\'s "the andy griffith show" and jim nabors. Today, the 82-year-old has announced he has married his long-time partner. They have been together for 38 years. ', "Tom's timing in that scene was so impeccable. Hope the door's open. Reporter: Your number two favorite tv dad,  andy griffith . At the heart of the series, the raising of his son. Killed that bird, didn't you? Reporter: Opie taylor ", "impeccable. Hope the door's open. Reporter: Your number two favorite tv dad, andy griffith . At the heart of the series, the raising of his son. Killed that bird, didn't you? Reporter: Opie taylor, played by, guess ", "I used to watch and you beat  Andy Griffith  show you Dana a little below what as sheriff Andy Taylor on the  Andy Griffith  Show. ABC's brandy hit have eight years beginning in 1960.  Andy Griffith  starred as sheriff Andy Taylor ", "those charming Everyman kind. I used to watch and you -- beat Andy Griffith show you Dana -- a little below what it's worth it yeah. But first on this fourth of July do you really ", "was best known for his role as sheriff Andy Taylor on the Andy Griffith Show. ABC's brandy hit have a look back at his life. To this day that whistle calls TV viewers back to mayberry where for eight years beginning in 1960. Andy Griffith starred as sheriff Andy Taylor opens -- You know that that you've been -- the golden rule. Do onto others as you ", 'heard it is funny as Hollywood took note and gave him the Andy Griffith Show. When he went off the air it was being number one rated program. Twenty years later they could make a comeback ', "impossible. In my was just. Transfixed. By the sound of the And I. God ones in the likelihood. See mister played on the  Andy Griffith  Show and on the radio. A master. It's my high school friend Steve Martin taught himself to play songs of heroics ", "I. God ones in the likelihood. See mister -- played on the Andy Griffith Show and on the radio. A master. It's -- -- my high school friend Steve Martin taught himself to play songs of ", 'and tv dads, moms and dads who were cooler than the actual mom and dad racing you. Among those, cliff hux tabl.  Andy griffith  and moms, marge jim son, marion cunningham. Best comedy. "I love lucy" "seinfeld" ""m.A.S.H ', 'the actual mom and dad racing you. Among those, cliff hux tabl. Andy griffith and moms, marge jim son, marion cunningham. Best comedy. "I love lucy" "seinfeld" ""m.A.S.H."." "Sopranos." And "the twilight zone." And viewers ', "playing this material and you know it's offensive to some people and you know some people would prefer watching and  Andy Griffith  reruns are watching Jenna Jamison videos so there's a time and a place for everything and it's time for these kinds ", "to some people and you know some people would prefer watching and Andy Griffith reruns are watching -- Jenna Jamison videos so there's a time and a place for everything and it's time for these kinds ", "you got that's I think we might as well they upside down. games that can be tough even for a straight shooter like  Andy Griffith  to be guys like you that you Carlsbad million you know. Then it's not just the rifle range those basketball hoops ", "-- games that can be tough even for a straight shooter like Andy Griffith to be guys like you that you Carlsbad million you know. Then it's not just the rifle range those basketball hoops. From ", "got. That's like what they shoot a gun upside down. Of games that can be tough even for a straight shooter like  Andy Griffith  to be guys like you that you Carlsbad million dollars. And it's not just the rifle range those basketball hoops ", "Of games that can be tough even for a straight shooter like Andy Griffith to be guys like you that you Carlsbad million dollars. And it's not just the rifle range those basketball hoops. From small ", "tradition. Yeah excitement is what they shoot a gun upside down. games that can be tough even for a straight shooter like  Andy Griffith  to guys like you and your Carlsbad million you know. Then it's not just the rifle range those basketball hoops ", "-- games that can be tough even for a straight shooter like Andy Griffith to -- guys like you and your Carlsbad million you know. Then it's not just the rifle range those basketball hoops. -- ", "go off He does He benefit Foreman read a book. Or just school. Well really hit the ground as always we want. So  Andy Griffith  is now she that. My aren't even though and definitely the hot and I mean. as it. I think what you want to do with ", "just school. Well really hit the ground as always we want. So Andy Griffith is now she -- that. My -- aren't even though and definitely the hot and I mean. -- as it. -- -- ", 'museum program to teach children about classic movies and television channels. Director Ron Howard once Opie on the  Andy Griffith  Show was against a 25000. Dollars table to attend another grand night at the Waldorf Astoria. The kind of event that ', 'classic movies and television channels. Director Ron Howard once Opie on the Andy Griffith Show was against a -- 25000. Dollars -- table to attend another grand night at the Waldorf Astoria. The kind of event ', "famous child star of the last century. And there are also plenty of votes for May Barry's favorite son OP on the  Andy Griffith  Show and later Cunningham on happy days. Ron Howard would get my vote hands down he has gone on to a great career ", "also plenty of votes for May Barry's favorite son OP on the Andy Griffith Show and later -- Cunningham on happy days. Ron Howard would get my vote hands down he has gone on to a "]