['12YzoCd --BARCELONA PLAYERS TO DO BEST FOR NEW COACH AFTER  CANCER  SHOCK Barcelona captain Carles Puyol says the players behind the new coach after Tito Vilanova stands down with  throat cancer  recurrence. http://apne.ws/12Yyg1i', 'be presented officially to the club. Vilanova stepped down as Barcelona coach last week following a recurrence of  throat cancer . Despite having no experience coaching a European club, the 50-year-old Martino received backing from Barcelona ', 'Tito Vilanova is stepping down as Barcelona\'s coach following a recurrence of  throat cancer . Club president Sandro Rosell says Vilanova\'s treatment will be "incompatible" with staying on as coach of the Spanish champions ', 'Vaccines against the  cancer -causing human papillomavirus the impact of the vaccines on  cancer  rates. "The goal now has as well as penile and anal  cancer  in men. Was Michael Douglas\'  throat cancer  tied to oral sex? All told ', 'the Candelabra" spoke about his  throat cancer  that was diagnosed in 2010 and the time they become adults,  throat cancer  from HPV in men is four times than cervical  cancer  in women."  Throat cancer  resources are available from experts ', 'Two-and-a-half years after beating  throat cancer  , Michael Douglas is blaming the Michael Douglas says HPV caused his  throat cancer . (Image credit: David Azia also contribute to the risk of  throat cancer , according to the agency, but ', 'Foundation and Stand Up To  Cancer  (SU2C) Since the "Desperate in a PSA to promote prostate  cancer  awareness, she says it was who also advocated for breast  cancer  awareness after her friend Mahoney, was diagnosed with  throat cancer  in 2011. He is in remission ', "Douglas' own painful battle with  throat cancer  three years ago, an illness that Michael Douglas Talks Liberace,  Cancer  and Cameron But in many ways, Douglas second shots in life after beating  cancer , and a second shot at fatherhood ", 'Michael Douglas , who beat stage-four  throat cancer  in 2011, is in the midst of one talked to New York magazine about his  cancer  battle. "I knew something was wrong He told it me it was stage-four  cancer . I said, \'Stage four. Jesus ', 'victim giving the weekly White House address to a terminal  cancer  patient getting her dying wish, click through to see the Parade in Pasadena, but when she was diagnosed with terminal  throat cancer  shortly after Christmas, her family knew she might not be ', "Montana ProLife Coalition uses  cancer  survivor Jeanette Hall of 2000, I was diagnosed with  cancer  and told that I had six months helping a man with terminal  esophageal cancer . When the  cancer  began invading the man's for a short time before his  esophagus  closed off. He decided it ", 'when she was diagnosed with terminal  throat cancer  shortly after Christmas, her family me." READ: Teen With Terminal  Cancer  Heads to Prom on Ride Through Bucket life has changed since her Stage 4  cancer  diagnosis. "Never did I dream I ', 'peacekeeping diplomacy. In 2010, any other diplomatic plans Douglas may have had were put on hold when he was diagnosed with  throat cancer , which required that he undergo chemotherapy. Currently, Douglas is on the board of directors at Ploughshare Fund ', "that the cause of his  cancer  was not smoking of drinking few years, on cervical  cancer  in women. It's preventable prevent cervical and  throat cancer . It makes people nervous you get this type of  throat cancer , it's more treatable ", "cause warts. We have focussed in the last few years, on cervical cancer in women. It's preventable. Research said this morning nearly every sexually active american are be exposed to at least one type of virus in his or her lifetime. How does one prevent getting hpv? A vaccine can prevent cancer We've been vaccinating young girls against hpv for years. Now we vaccinate young boys. You need to vaccinate people before they pick it up. It has to happen in the teen s, before kids are sexually active. We think it with prevent cervical and throat cancer . It makes people nervous, this vaccine. I'm a parent. Parents don't want to think about their kids eventually becoming sexually active. Everyone will be eventually. This can prevent a cancer The you get this type of throat cancer , it's more treatable. Less likely to spread. Than a smoking caused one. Right. Brave to clarify from michael douglas. Very. Coming up, ", "In the fight against  cancer  we are always on the hunt for new Incorporate into our diets a 12 punch against esophageal The sixth deadliest form of  cancer  in the world very exciting I Scott is stubborn at now. Doctor retired grandfather treated for precancerous lesions on his  esophagus  isn't wild about varies but we'll eat them now. The ", "script Tom Schneider a retired grandfather treated for precancerous lesions on his esophagus isn't wild about varies but we'll eat them now. The next time regular grocery store I would think about putting freeze dried ", 'give an interview and said that the type of  throat cancer  two years back. His not quite drinking clarified that while Douglas HPV can cause  throat cancer . He did not say it caused his  throat cancer . And it has been fifty days since the Boston ', "people. But couldn't give an interview and said that the type of throat cancer -- -- two years back. His -- not quite drinking or smoking but oral sex without wanting to get too specific. This particular cancer is caused by HPV. Told the newspaper the guardian. Which actually comes about from -- gets his publicist later clarified that while Douglas -- HPV can cause throat cancer . He did not say it caused his throat cancer . And it has been fifty days since the Boston Marathon bombings took three lives and sent hundreds to area hospitals. And among ", "have to do with the Michael douglas'.  Cancer  it is the debate that's got everyone They put the cats sleep only temporarily  cancer  than wade and hollered before slowly coming interview and said that the type of  throat cancer  two years back. His not quite drinking ", 'people. But it did an interview and said that the type of throat cancer -- -- two years back. His -- not quite drinking or smoking. But oral sex without wanting to get too specific this particular cancer is caused by HPV. Told the newspaper the guardian. Which actually comes about from -- gets his publicist later clarified that while Douglas -- HPV can cause throat cancer . You cannot say -- caused his throat cancer . And it has been fifty days since the Boston Marathon bombings took three lives and sent hundreds to area hospitals. And among ', 'opening up about the cause of  cancer  while a lot of people thought the years it turned into cure  cancer  and so for six months he went heavy duty treatment for this  throat cancer . He is now  cancer  free he believes that he. Is ', "the day. And after the through the years it turned into cure cancer and so for six months he went very heavy -- did did the heavy duty treatment for this throat cancer . He is now cancer free he believes that he. Is baton. He's come back 95% of the time he thinks it's not gonna come back. So he's he's excited about his new movie is happy and -- -- blaming his stroke. I mean medicis. It's disturbing as it is it's good to hear because you think -- HPV news biggest cervical cancer and -- that's about the only cancer there is matter these oral -- happening more and more right and now we're we're alert and that happens people who don't ", 'The former governor of Texas died at her home in Austin surrounded by family. She was diagnosed with  cancer  of the  esophagus  six months ago. Richards was a teacher before turning to politics first winning election as a commissioner in Travis County ', 'at her home in Austin surrounded by family. She was diagnosed with cancer of the esophagus six months ago. Richards was a teacher before turning to politics first winning election as a commissioner in Travis County in 1976. ', "he was diagnosed with advanced  throat cancer  last month. has begun chemo and he was recently diagnosed with  throat cancer  he said it wasn't a huge shock strengthen the good news is that  throat cancer  has about a 60% survival rate ", "out for the first time since he was diagnosed with -- advanced throat cancer last month. -- has begun chemo and radiation and his vowing to beat this get a good Sheehan joins us more and he's really opening up about -- so. They have it took to the airwaves last night detailed -- -- -- with People Magazine Michael Douglas says he had been experiencing symptoms for months. So when he was recently diagnosed with throat cancer he said it wasn't a huge shock I knew something was up. Still as actress wife Catherine Zeta-Jones says it made her furious the doctors didn't diagnose the cancer soon. But ladies gentlemen please say hello to Michael. Michael Douglas appeared on David Letterman last night speaking candidly about his. His battle against the road. Cancer I've got cancer found out about it three three weeks go I -- my first week radiation and chemo these stories it -- sliding comes ", "his -- mean that does -- doctors say that so far his cancer has not spread. His wife says that after the first round of chemo he went straight to the -- saying quote if there's anything Michael has. It's strengthen the good news is that throat cancer has about a 60% survival rate if caught early enough so I'm sure so -- -- history -- when he was -- "]