['effects have been seen in humans who take the antidepressant. Common Prozac side effects include a decrease in sex drive,  impotence , or difficulty having an orgasm, according to WebMD and Drugs.com. Fathead minnows are small fish, the biggest ones ', 'to the drugstore to buy that little blue pill. In a first for the drug industry, Pfizer Inc., told The Associated Press that they will begin selling its popular  erectile dysfunction  pill Viagra directly to patients on its website.', 'Winston-Salem, N.C., recalling the not-so-distant days of injectable drugs and surgical implants for  erectile dysfunction . "It totally revolutionized men\'s sexual health, and men\'s health overall." The little blue pill was ', 'agency of the United States Department of Health and Human Services, approved the use of the Viagra, an oral drug that treats  impotence . March 28 1834: The U.S. Senate censured President Andrew Jackson for the removal of federal deposits from the Bank of ', 'implant is the "treatment of last resort" for men with  erectile dysfunction , but its popularity is increasing due to a dramatic friends and cuddle now." The most common reason for  erectile dysfunction  in older men is chronic disease that affects the vessels ', 'not because you don\'t care, it\'s because other parts of your body are not working," Oz said, linking  erectile dysfunction  to hardening of the arteries, a condition associated with obesity and high blood pressure. He told the governors ', "pills 18 months after they have a heart attack if they experience adverse side effects, such as fatigue and  erectile dysfunction . Rubenfire said the existing data wasn't enough to determine which patients would benefit from beta blockers ", 'email to ABCNews.com. "Surgical repair is the only option in these cases." Surgery can cause permanent  erectile dysfunction , obstruction of the urethra and, rarely, urinary incontinence and "retrograde ejaculation," she said ', 'explores their sexual history: When was it satisfying? What are their fantasies? Arnold, who has a touch of  erectile dysfunction , says he has never cheated. Lynn, who does couples therapy in Jacksonville, Fla., said all the "tricks ', 'about depression associated with sexual dysfunction in young men; most studies have focused on older men with  erectile dysfunction . Furthermore, the drug could independently contribute, the researcher suggested. "A plausible biological ', 'overtreatment. Treatment for prostate cancer, the task force noted, may cause a number of problems including  erectile dysfunction  and urinary incontinence. ASCO, however, agreed with USPSTF that screening is not recommended for men with ', 'years, but all of them reported side effects such as  erectile dysfunction , decreased sexual drive, problems with orgasms, shrinking Propecia and Proscar, warning that some patients reported  erectile dysfunction  that lasted after patients stopped taking it; in April ', 'youngest, it\'s Jeff\'s turn and he suckles, just like a baby. He claims the fetish has helped him overcome his  erectile dysfunction . "Some guys are turned on by feet, some are turned on by spanking, I get turned on by breast feeding and ', 'Many men are concerned about. The side effect of  erectile dysfunction  after prostate surgery. The recovery of corrections depends on the age at which you undergo prostate me. The older you are the ', 'Many men are concerned about. The side effect of erectile dysfunction after prostate surgery. The recovery of corrections depends on the age at which you undergo prostate -- me. The older you are ', "Erectile dysfunction  is a problem. That has really obviously taken a lot of attention lot of men come in asking for herbal alternatives to help with  erectile dysfunction . And interestingly there's a handful that seemed to be very ", "Erectile dysfunction is a problem. That has really obviously taken a lot of attention. Because of the advent of Viagra and other similar medications. So a lot of men come in asking for herbal alternatives to help with erectile dysfunction . And interestingly there's a handful that seemed to be very helpful. One is panics Jason taking that about 500 milligrams three times ", "find that ultimately patients with diabetes suffer from  erectile dysfunction . Either because problems with blood flow. Our problems these complications can often be associated and cause  erectile dysfunction . However it's not inevitable many men with diabetes ", "Expect. We do find that ultimately patients with diabetes -- suffer from erectile dysfunction . Either because -- problems with blood flow. Our problems with the nervous systems of these complications can often be associated and cause erectile dysfunction . However it's not inevitable many men with diabetes -- into the -- years to maintain. ", "Yes there treatment were very fortunate that we can treat  erectile dysfunction . So the most important things to recognize  erectile dysfunction  and they're not careful he's he needs to be taken the patient. Needs to bring medications because ", "Yes there -- treatment -- were very fortunate that we can treat erectile dysfunction . So the most important things to recognize erectile dysfunction and they're not careful he's -- he needs to be taken the patient. Needs to bring -- medications because many of communication ", "Dr. James Mohler answers the question: 'Nerve Grafts For  Erectile Dysfunction ?'"]