["such as Afghanistan Pakistan Nigeria and India still have.  Polio  cases. There's no reason for that we have the vaccines have been vaccinated people all over the world help us put  polio  in the past the in the future. We aren't that close you ", "And yet countries such as Afghanistan Pakistan Nigeria and India still have. Polio cases. There's no reason for that we have the vaccines. Please support the rotary there have been vaccinated people all over the world help us put polio in the past the -- in the future. We aren't that close you can be to change and save a life to ", 'initiative. And is  polio eradication . Possible Yeah for every  polio  case you have biggest hurdles to  polio eradication . The vaccine the effort to  wipe out polio  leaving many The effort to  eradicate polio  has left unattended ', "to pursue a disease and eradicated. What -- the biggest hurdles to polio eradication . The vaccine we -- -- better vaccine by far and he's stable vaccine. We need to have health services developed in many different countries which are now very primitive and orders detect cases do something about it. Is the effort to wipe out polio leaving many other diseases and unintended. The effort to eradicate polio has left unattended. A lot of -- vaccination. Against some other diseases. And this is not been a favorable. Outcome of the program. I have a great deal of respect and admiration for the people who have done so much in polio eradication . And trying to strengthen health services so one could. But at the same time it's been -- considerable. And at this point ", 'initiative. And is  polio eradication . Possible Yeah for every  polio  case you have biggest hurdles to  polio eradication . The vaccine the effort to  wipe out polio  leaving many The effort to  eradicate polio  has left unattended ', "to pursue a disease and eradicated. What -- the biggest hurdles to polio eradication . The vaccine we -- -- better vaccine by far and he's stable vaccine. We need to have health services developed in many different countries which are now very primitive and orders detect cases do something about it. Is the effort to wipe out polio leaving many other diseases and unintended. The effort to eradicate polio has left unattended. A lot of -- vaccination. Against some other diseases. And this is not been a favorable. Outcome of the program. I have a great deal of respect and admiration for the people who have done so much in polio eradication . And trying to strengthen health services so one could. But at the same time it's been -- considerable. And at this point ", 'of that end  polio  now campaign involved with  eradication  through something vaccinated she got  polio  when she was reluctant to shore  polio  inflicted foot because if we can  eradicate polio  here that we because unless can  eradicate  that He. easily ', 'feels great. -- -- -- -- -- -- because if we can eradicate polio here that we can eradicated from the face here Americans have to care they have to care because unless -- can eradicate that He. -- easily occur anywhere else in the world. Since 1985. Volunteers like -- have helped immunize more than two billion ', 'of that end  polio  now campaign involved with  eradication  through something vaccinated she got  polio  when she was reluctant to shore  polio  inflicted foot because if we can  eradicate polio  here that we because unless can  eradicate  that He. easily ', 'feels great. -- -- -- -- -- -- because if we can eradicate polio here that we can eradicated from the face here Americans have to care they have to care because unless -- can eradicate that He. -- easily occur anywhere else in the world. Since 1985. Volunteers like -- have helped immunize more than two billion ', "stricken with  polio . It's been asking if  polio  can finally the globe is  polio  free. But waking up  polio  for even possible  eradication . Of the wild paralysis was not  polio . And we just the fight to  eradicate polio  from the earth ", "Why did you vaccinated soon as she tells me she worries about polio . And she should. Until polio -- wiped out everywhere her children and powers remain at risk. And an update on the little -- -- He was lucky his paralysis was not polio . And we just got word David from India that he's recovered fully and is walking normally hardware that is good news rich thanks very much and to join the fight to eradicate polio from the earth. But it'd be the change web site at save one dot net. ", "entrepreneur but somehow  Bill Gates  is found ever As of tonight  Bill Gates  is no longer almost eradicated  polio . From India over year. No  polio  cases in India That still  polio  we're very that I opening.  eradication  I need a couple ", "work you gotta stay healthy and see that I opening. -- -- eradication I need a couple decades here took that -- -- That opportunity. Site you know I don't think of myself as fading ", 'were comparing this to the possibility of  polio eradication . But what people need to realize is that  polio  and measles are two very different conditions like a World Health Organization in the  bill gates  foundation is that something that we might ', "that a lot of people were comparing this to the possibility of polio eradication . But what people need to realize is that polio and measles are two very different conditions. And certainly with every every disease that comes along they're going to be new approaches that are needed. In order to. Deal with it in the appropriate way. Dan one final question would be that is as important as the breakthrough medically has been how these organizations have worked together we don't often see. This partnership be so successful something like a World Health Organization in the bill gates foundation is that something that we might see it again in the future. Definitely and I think that. When when you see ", "In the 1950s. When the  polio  virus script American Already this year news of a  polio  outbreak in the More than countries once declared  polio  free. It's constant creeks like that get. Is  polio eradication . Possible I'm afraid ", "It was once every parent's night. In the 1950s. When the polio virus script American lives children paralyzed without warning. Some living in iron -- just be able to -- To date 99% of the -- polio free. It -- -- -- at this hospital ward in India is still full of victim. Analysts had polio for 23 years in -- that surgery will help them get a job. This thing was about three inches shorter than -- used to you'll inject bone marrow -- there to strengthen that's -- and that. He did the virus still lurk in hidden reservoirs spreading so -- -- quickly through -- this raises the question. He's waking up polio for good possible. Already this year news of a polio outbreak in the -- More than 100 people dead. Hundreds more paralyzed. Other recent outbreaks in Tajikistan. Angola and Uganda all countries once declared polio free. It's constant -- creeks like that -- get. Is polio eradication . Possible I'm afraid it will not be. That's DA Henderson the -- credited with eradicating smallpox thirty years ago. The last disease wiped off the earth. Warm but even He has recently changed his mind convinced that a new massive push to vaccination could finally -- polio from mr. I think eradication . Of the wild polio virus. Is possible. This may be want. Who dogged dedication people like doctor -- Jaffray who runs the polio eradication program in India. Where -- been more cases in the last decade than anywhere else in the world. During my visit we got word of a child -- seven paralysis. Every case must be investigated -- so we set out to examine -- two year old Samir could no longer move reflects that couldn't be polio . We check some years reflects. His limbs are weaker on the right side. Is looking to see if -- -- -- -- ", "In the 1950s. When the  polio  virus script American Already this year news of a  polio  outbreak in the More than countries once declared  polio  free. It's constant creeks like that get. Is  polio eradication . Possible I'm afraid ", "It was once every parent's night. In the 1950s. When the polio virus script American lives children paralyzed without warning. Some living in iron -- just be able to -- To date 99% of the -- polio free. It -- -- -- at this hospital ward in India is still full of victim. Analysts had polio for 23 years in -- that surgery will help them get a job. This thing was about three inches shorter than -- used to you'll inject bone marrow -- there to strengthen that's -- and that. He did the virus still lurk in hidden reservoirs spreading so -- -- quickly through -- this raises the question. He's waking up polio for good possible. Already this year news of a polio outbreak in the -- More than 100 people dead. Hundreds more paralyzed. Other recent outbreaks in Tajikistan. Angola and Uganda all countries once declared polio free. It's constant -- creeks like that -- get. Is polio eradication . Possible I'm afraid it will not be. That's DA Henderson the -- credited with eradicating smallpox thirty years ago. The last disease wiped off the earth. Warm but even He has recently changed his mind convinced that a new massive push to vaccination could finally -- polio from mr. I think eradication . Of the wild polio virus. Is possible. This may be want. Who dogged dedication people like doctor -- Jaffray who runs the polio eradication program in India. Where -- been more cases in the last decade than anywhere else in the world. During my visit we got word of a child -- seven paralysis. Every case must be investigated -- so we set out to examine -- two year old Samir could no longer move reflects that couldn't be polio . We check some years reflects. His limbs are weaker on the right side. Is looking to see if -- -- -- -- ", "UN foundation to help  eradicate  poverty and disease about it. Did you know  Bill Gates  and Warren that I did go but but bill now.  Bill Gates  and now wide head this be let's get rid of  polio  not measles and malaria ", "pledged the majority of his money to the UN foundation to help eradicate poverty and disease. And to the nuclear threat initiative to eliminate -- -- weapon. I don't believe it's really healthy to wall. ", 'driving up health care costs and let us challenge ourselves as Americans in the next decade to  eradicate  those diseases we did that when I was accused of  polio  and we save more money in health care system than the entire cost of health care system ', 'and let us challenge ourselves as Americans in the next decade to eradicate those diseases we did that when I was accused of polio and we save more money in health care system than the entire cost of health care system. So there are ways to ', "they do succeed that's men have walked on the moon cured  polio . And our next guest bill not only taken 11 of those global abcnews.com slash GMA and you'll learn about the fight to  eradicate  malaria. On Friday December 17. When ABC launches a network ", "web city abcnews.com slash GMA and you'll learn about the fight to eradicate malaria. On Friday December 17. When ABC launches a network wide global health series called be the change. Save a life. "]