['June 13-16 At Merion Golf Club (East Course) Ardmore, Pa. Purse: TBA Yardage: 6,996; Par: 70 All Times EDT (a-amateur)Thursday-FridayFirst hole-11th hole6:45 a.m.-12...', 'Charley Hoffman and Kevin Sutherland won their respective qualifiers on Monday to advance to the U.S. Open Championship at Merion next week.Hoffman was at the larges...', 'The 150 players who have qualified for the 113th U.S. Open, to be played June 13-16 at Merion Golf Club. Players listed only in the first category for which they are...', 'The 156 players in the the 113th U.S. Open, which starts Thursday at Merion Golf Club. Players listed only in the first category for which they are eligible. (a-amat...', 'June 13-16 At Merion Golf Club (East Course) Ardmore, Pa. Purse: TBA Yardage: 6,996; Par: 70 All Times EDT (a-amateur)Thursday-FridayFirst hole-11th hole6:45 a.m.-12...', 'Tag Ridings and Brendan Steele survived surprisingly cold conditions and a typically tough course at Innisbrook.Temperatures were in the lower 50s on Thursday mornin...', "Phil Mickelson missed history-making scores the first two days, but matched the tournament's 54-hole scoring record on Saturday.Mickelson birdied five of the last si...", 'Shawn Stefani likes to talk about being patient on the golf course, and he showed that in the opening round of the Tampa Bay Championship. His longest putt for par w...', 'Shawn Stefani fired a 6-under 65 on Thursday to grab a 2-stroke lead after the opening round of the Tampa Bay Championship.Stefani, a tour rookie, is coming off a ti...', 'Los estadounidenses Brendan Steele, Briny Baird , Garrett Willis y Matt Bettencourt comparten el liderato del Frys.com Open de golf, incluido en el circuito de la PG...', 'Davis Love III, Brandt Snedeker team for 10-under 62, lead Franklin Templeton Shootout', 'U.S. Ryder Cup captain Davis Love III and Brandt Snedeker shot a 10-under 62 on Friday in modified alternate-shot play to take the first-round lead in the Franklin T...', 'Brendan Steele opened with a 7-under 65 on Thursday to grab a 1-stroke lead after the opening round of the Canadian Open.Steele posted his lowest opening round score...', "Brendan Steele carded eight birdies in a seven-under-par 65 to seize the first-round lead in the US PGA Tour's Canadian Open.The 30-year-old Californian needed just ...", 'Keegan Bradley, Brendan Steele  set for title defense in Franklin Templeton Shootout', 'Keegan Bradley and Brendan Steele are defending their title in the Franklin Templeton Shootout, and Dustin Johnson and Ian Poulter also are back for the first time s...', 'PGA champion Keegan Bradley and Brendan Steele shot a 10-under 62 in better-ball play Saturday to take a one-stroke lead over Mark Calcavecchia and Nick Price in the...', 'PGA Champion Keegan Bradley and Brendan Steele shot a 13-under 59 in scramble play Sunday to become the first PGA Tour rookies to win the Franklin Templeton Shootout...', "Keegan Bradley, Brendan Steele  ready to take on Shark Shootout field, 'not here to goof off'", 'FedEx Cup runner-up Webb Simpson and 2011 PGA Championship winner Keegan Bradley lead the field at the 23rd annual Shark Shootout beginning Friday at Tiburon Golf Cl...']