['Remembering the Alamo at the Texas Open is easy, thanks to the giant photo backdrop behind the 18th tee.The turnout, on the other hand, is somewhat forgettable.The T...', 'The 97 players who have qualified and are expected to compete in the 76th Masters, to be played April 5-8 at Augusta National Golf Club. Players listed in only one c...', 'By Mark Lamport-StokesPACIFIC PALISADES, California (Reuters) - American Jonathan Byrd relied on accurate iron play in strong gusting winds to help him surge into an...', "Saying newly crowned PGA champion Keegan Bradley was practically born to play golf is like saying Barry Bonds got a headstart by being Bobby's son.His father, Mark, ...", "They're one and two in the world yet just hanging on at the PGA Championship.No. 1 Luke Donald and No. 2 Lee Westwood are both tied at 1-under par, tied for 13th pla...", 'Rory McIlroy is ready for a break.The U.S. Open champion, taped right wrist and all, shot a 4-over 74 at the PGA Championship on Saturday. McIlroy got off to an awfu...', "Jason Dufner couldn't have seen this coming. Not after missing the cut in his last four tournaments.Ditto for Keegan Bradley, whose career is just getting started. H...", 'Jim Furyk has been mired in one of the worst slumps of his career.With three swings Saturday, all the bad feelings came rushing back.Furyk dumped his tee shot in the...', "A look at the key hole in Saturday's third round of the PGA Championship :HOLE: No. 12YARDAGE: 551PAR: 5STROKE AVERAGE: 4.75RANK: 17KEY FACTS: Three of the top five ...", 'Scott Verplank has aches and pains older than some of the guys he\'s chasing at the PGA Championship."I don\'t feel a day older than a hundred," the 47-year-old tour j...', 'Brendan Steele and Jason Dufner at least can make a name for themselves in the PGA Championship. Until that big trophy is handed out Sunday, however, this major rema...', 'Justin Leonard chipped in three times in a span of five holes Saturday to salvage a scrappy day at Disney with a 2-under 70 that gave him a share of the lead with PG...', "There wasn't much that separated Keegan Bradley and Brendan Steele last year.They were PGA Tour rookies and close friends. They won their first tournament in Texas a...", 'Kyle Stanley rebounded from a devastating loss to win the Phoenix Open, overcoming an eight-stroke deficit Sunday in a comeback as unlikely as his collapse last week...', 'Keegan Bradley and Jason Dufner are the unlikely duo tied atop the leaderboard after a wild, difficult second round Friday at the PGA Championship .Bradley fired a b...', 'Bubba Watson coughed up a two-shot lead on the stroke advantage after three rounds of the Deutsche Bank Championship.Watson, who won twice earlier this year, managed...', 'A week ago, Kyle Stanley blew an eight- stroke lead in the final round to cost himself his first PGA Tour victory.This week, Stanley made the big rally.He fired a si...']