['hospital 7 hours later to get to know him and learn to breastfeed on my own terms. Ideally, I would have liked to not have an  episiotomy , but it was necessary in the end. The next time I would prepare for a natural water birth at home. I would love for other ', 'feet in the stirrups," said Harper. "They even gave me an  episiotomy  after the baby was born so the residents could practice in 2005 by the National Institutes of Health showed a lower  episiotomy  rate, shorter first stage of labor and no increased rate ', 'mothers may experience: Tender, full breasts. Constipation for a few days. Soreness and stitching if you tore or had an  episiotomy . Hemorrhoids. Incontinence. Hot flashes and periods of cold chills. Pain as your uterus may still contract for a few days ', 'high blood pressure, is increasing and may be a reason as well, he said. At the same time, the rate of lacerations from  episiotomy  decreased, the study found. This may have something to do with the increasing number of cesarean deliveries, Callaghan ', 'to see what went wrong, she thought it was a physical problem. "I said I think either you sewed me up too tight on the  episiotomy , or my husband grew and I don\'t think that happened," she said. Her doctor noticed her vaginal muscles had become very ', 'postpartum sexual dysfunction, particularly pain during intercourse, for first three months after delivery if the mother had an  episiotomy  or experienced a tear. Elective Cesarean Pros: Can be more convenient for a woman and reduce her stress about anticipation ', 'of all babies are delivered by either Caesarean section or  episiotomy . Given that the American Academy of Pediatrics recommends was prescribed codeine-containing painkillers following an  episiotomy , was later found to have the problematic genotype. To explore ', 'worldwide, many studies have shown that an  episiotomy  -- the surgical cutting of the skin hospitals (7.1 percent). Also, the  episiotomy  rate at hospitals receiving the instruction eliminate an established practice ( episiotomy  use). More information The Agency ', 'activity and weight control can help prevent incontinence. The experts recommended that obstetricians should end routine use of  episiotomy , an incision to enlarge the vaginal opening during childbirth, the AP reported. ----- U.S. House Committee Investigating ', 'researchers found abnormally high morphine levels in the milk of the mother, who had been taking codeine to treat pain from an  episiotomy . A genetic test found that the mother was an "ultra-rapid metabolizer" of codeine. "Infants of nursing mothers who ', "desegregated hospital with the doctor she didn't like, who gave her an  episiotomy  she may not have needed. My mother's experience haunts me. I am terrified of being cut.  Episiotomy , C-section, I just don't want to be lying there helpless and "]