["roundworm, whip worm, snail fever and  river blindness  are the seven parasitic and bacterial communities have dramatically reduced  guinea worm  infections. T3: Mass drug administration on our chat said we have the tools to  eradicate  disease and we're already seeing results ", 'and African  river blindness ," said places." 7)  Guinea Worm  The horrific that the  Guinea worm  was the inspiration tide against  Guinea worm  infections health/ guinea - worm /index President  Jimmy Carter  -- eradication ', 'places." 6)  Guinea Worm  The horrific believe that the  Guinea worm  was the inspiration tide against  Guinea worm  infections org/health/ guinea - worm /index.html S. President  Jimmy Carter  -- eradication ', 'places." 5)  Guinea Worm  The horrific believe that the  Guinea worm  was the inspiration tide against  Guinea worm  infections org/health/ guinea - worm /index.html S. President  Jimmy Carter  -- eradication ', 'parasitic disease called  Guinea worm . In 1986 3.5 Our record on  Guinea worm  for the last few hope to officially  eradicate  the disease, making the  Guinea worm  one of a few diseases People ingest the  Guinea worm  as larvae in contaminated ', 'ATLANTA (AP) - Cases of  Guinea worm  disease -- a horrifying former U.S. President  Jimmy Carter  announced Friday. Only 2007. "Our record on  Guinea worm  for the last few years match the Gates gift.  Guinea worm  occurs when people drink ', "Former President  Jimmy Carter  spoke with ABC's former President  Jimmy Carter . President Carter monitored. Why?  JIMMY CARTER , FORMER U million cases of  Guinea worm . All the way eradication of  Guinea worm  from the face ", 'our battles against  Guinea worm , trachoma, and onchocerciasis theoretically feasible.  Guinea worm  and polio eradication disease. Two diseases ( Guinea worm  and polio) have been lymphatic filariasis,  river blindness , trachoma, and schistosomiasis ', 'former President  Jimmy Carter  has traveled special focus on  Guinea worm  Carter: Yes they imbibe the  Guinea worm  eggs. A year concentration of  Guinea worm  now is in Ghana somebody that has  river blindness . They would ', "large part to the valiant leadership of Rotary International. President  Jimmy Carter 's heroic efforts have similarly led to great successes against African  Guinea Worm  and other parasitic diseases. And since President George W. Bush launched ", "problem countries so we well on the way and I think it's entirely feasible. That we will have complete eradication of  Guinea worm  from the face of the earth the second disease. This ever happened to. By the end of 2009 that's my prediction well ", "I think it's entirely feasible. That we will have complete eradication of Guinea worm from the face of the earth the second disease. This ever happened to. By the end of 2009 that's my prediction well "]