["Lance Armstrong Interview: Former Teammate Tyler Hamilton Said Cyclist Showed 'Genuine Emotion'", 'explained his competition "cocktail" of  EPO , blood transfusions and testosterone even though the number of baby red  blood cells  did not. WATCH: Armstrong\'s Many received a transfusion of mature red  blood cells . If Armstrong lied about the 2009 ', 'even though the number of baby red  blood cells  did not. Investigators said that received a transfusion of mature red  blood cells . READ MORE: Lance Armstrong May have used substances, including  EPO , years after he retired when new ', 'New York, describing how steroids, growth hormones and  erythropoietin  fuel cell division and growth. "Could they create a cancer his oncologists he had used steroids, growth hormone and  erythropoietin . "When he stood to gain, it appears he was willing to ', 'has been massively overused and inappropriately prescribed.  EPO = Expensive An anemia drug, once the most expensive drug in The drug helps raise levels of hemoglobin, a protein in red  blood cells  that carries oxygen. Epogen is marketed by Amgen and had 2011 ', "use of the banned oxygen enhancer  erythropoietin  (' EPO ') with detailed instructions regarding clearance times, how the  EPO  drug test worked and how to avoid specifically advised riders to inject  EPO  intravenously in order to avoid ", 'Lance Armstrong Injured in Cycling Crash, Hours After Denying Doping Allegations By Floyd Landis', 'human growth hormone, female hormones, and the red blood cell booster  erythropoietin . He also said he had done blood doping, receiving transfusions of red  blood cells . He claimed that he spent $90,000 per year on such drugs, and, as ', 'hormone needed to produce red  blood cells . It\'s a "devastating synthetic peptide-based  erythropoietin  agonist, none of the patients advantages over regular  erythropoietin  drugs." But he said it Hematide can replace the  erythropoietin  drugs Procrit and Aranesp ', 'two-week course of injections of  erythropoietin , a hormone that stimulates red blood half of them received small doses of  erythropoietin  every other day. The neurological many of the children treated with  erythropoietin  had developed a severe neurological ', 'those are very limited circumstances." ESAs include  erythropoietin  (Epogen, Procrit) and darbepoetin (Aranesp). They work by stimulating the bone marrow to produce new red  blood cells , according to the U.S. National Institutes of Health ', 'red-blood-cell-boosting hormone  erythropoietin  ( EPO ). But IOC president Jacques Rogge test positive during the games.  EPO  is used therapeutically to treat using a longer-lasting form of  EPO  called CERA. Soon after the athletes ', "cheaters. Scientists determined last week, for example, that Spanish cyclist Maria Isabel Moreno had used the banned hormone  erythropoietin . But because the drug exits the body rapidly it's often difficult for scientists to detect. Other drugs that are eliminated ", 'supplied her with a substance called "the clear,"  EPO , human growth hormone, and insulin. (The clear anabolic steroid tetrahydrogestrinone, or THG.  EPO , an acronym for  erythropoietin , is a red blood cell-boosting hormone experts ', 'hemoglobin is a protein in red  blood cells ) even while receiving lower doses of  erythropoietin , a hormone which stimulates the production of red  blood cells . Possibly, less oxygen efficient production of red  blood cells  (a process known as erythropoiesis ', "And with that He gets up and moved to the other side of the bar where He didn't eat his in They choose the gold only  erythropoietin  and Rex is definitely why do you think people hesitate to tell him anything. Quote reminds. tell him how to live life ", "didn't eat his -- in -- They choose the gold -- only erythropoietin and -- -- Rex is definitely why do you think people hesitate to tell him anything. Quote reminds. -- tell him how ", 'that He gets up and moves to the other side of the bar where He can eat his lunch in these. To think she was a gold only  erythropoietin  definitely why do you think people hesitate to tell him anything. lives. To tell him how to live his life you know when ', 'his lunch in these. To think she was a gold -- only erythropoietin -- -- -- definitely why do you think people hesitate to tell him anything. -- lives. To tell him how to live ']