["tickets, they had to watch videos or read material about malaria,  polio , women's rights and drinking water on globalcitizen.org concert is over. He hopes to raise at least $500 million to help  eradicate  extreme poverty.", 'Bill Gates  on Using His Money to Save Lives, Fixing U.S. Schools, Reflecting on Steve Jobs', 'ABC For the moment,  Bill Gates  is no longer the world\'s reported only one case of  polio  last year. And while for 15 years - malaria  eradication , I need a couple of decades exclusive interview with  Bill Gates  watch " Nightline " tonight ', 'MILESTONE IN INDIA - A YEAR WITHOUT  POLIO  The Los Angeles Times notes a milestone year without recording a new case of  polio  . Most health experts gave India relatively for health professionals fighting to  eradicate  the disease, but experts warn that ', '2011, we are close to the complete  eradication  of  polio . It is 99% gone! Only 1,500 cases of  polio  were reported in the last year world-wide its life long aftermath. I want  polio  done! And on its heels many other ', 'Today, October 24 th , is World  Polio  Day.  Polio , a crippling and preventable diseases, including  polio . While  polio  is only considered endemic to Angola, according to the Global  Polio Eradication  Initiative . A recent outbreak ', 'HEALTH: INDIA TO BE  POLIO  FREE? Indian health a single case of  polio  in the country for country has ever been  polio -free. India debilitating disease since  eradication  efforts were launched in the traditional  polio  reservoirs of ', 'Polio , the crippling finally banish wild  polio  from this earth been living with  polio  for over 23 years India. To fix his  polio  deformities, bone 1960s and 1970s to  eradicate  smallpox, once does not think that  polio  will ever be eliminated mind. "I think  eradication  of the wild  polio', 'inventor of the first  polio  vaccine, an injectable inoculation that used dead  polio  virus. The younger continued existence of  polio  as "a sore" that polio \'s spread.  Polio Eradication  Requires Money as worldwide push to  eradicate polio , those gathered ', 'recuperated from  polio  in the summer of 1921, billionaire  Bill Gates  on Monday began the global elimination of  polio  at a high-profile diseases including  polio , and other global launched the Global  Polio Eradication  Initiative in 1988 ', 'according to its founding statement.  Bill Gates  explained that philanthropy was contagious will encourage you to do more,"  Bill Gates  said. "And certainly all of us who Turner said. "Let\'s get rid of  polio  and measles and malaria, instead ', "FOUNDATION TO HELP  ERADICATE  POVERTY and did you know  Bill Gates  and Warren Buffett Bill and --  Bill Gates  and Warren with Let's get rid of  polio  and measles eradicating  polio . And, in fact if we don't  eradicate  it by 2012 ", "Excerpt: 'Promise Me: How a Sister's Love Launched the Global Movement to End Breast Cancer'", 'for all the tragic  polio  children. The muggy fingers. "No more  polio ." Of course, in the 1,000 cases of  polio  reported. In 1963 100. These days,  polio  is a quarter- page reasons the virtual  eradication  of  polio  could never ', "CLICK HERE to read  Bill Gates ' annual letter. CLICK health initiatives.  Bill Gates  on the Power of Innovation focused on the complete  eradication  of  polio  worldwide. Despite through Nicaragua.  Bill Gates  on Education The Gates ", "getting rid of  polio  would have huge benefits down zero. Once you  eradicate  the disease this difficult. I mention of  polio . That. We've combination vaccines and  polio . And then on Friday So let me. Some  polio eradication . Is going to take ", 'got to keep the pressure on -- get down zero. Once you eradicate the disease this whole idea of paralyzed children children and I -- that that will be completely ended. The campaign the global ', "such as Afghanistan Pakistan Nigeria and India still have.  Polio  cases. There's no reason for that we have the vaccines have been vaccinated people all over the world help us put  polio  in the past the in the future. We aren't that close you ", "And yet countries such as Afghanistan Pakistan Nigeria and India still have. Polio cases. There's no reason for that we have the vaccines. Please support the rotary there have been vaccinated people all over the world help us put polio in the past the -- in the future. We aren't that close you can be to change and save a life to ", 'initiative. And is  polio eradication . Possible Yeah for every  polio  case you have biggest hurdles to  polio eradication . The vaccine the effort to  wipe out polio  leaving many The effort to  eradicate polio  has left unattended ', "to pursue a disease and eradicated. What -- the biggest hurdles to polio eradication . The vaccine we -- -- better vaccine by far and he's stable vaccine. We need to have health services developed in many different countries which are now very primitive and orders detect cases do something about it. Is the effort to wipe out polio leaving many other diseases and unintended. The effort to eradicate polio has left unattended. A lot of -- vaccination. Against some other diseases. And this is not been a favorable. Outcome of the program. I have a great deal of respect and admiration for the people who have done so much in polio eradication . And trying to strengthen health services so one could. But at the same time it's been -- considerable. And at this point ", 'initiative. And is  polio eradication . Possible Yeah for every  polio  case you have biggest hurdles to  polio eradication . The vaccine the effort to  wipe out polio  leaving many The effort to  eradicate polio  has left unattended ', "to pursue a disease and eradicated. What -- the biggest hurdles to polio eradication . The vaccine we -- -- better vaccine by far and he's stable vaccine. We need to have health services developed in many different countries which are now very primitive and orders detect cases do something about it. Is the effort to wipe out polio leaving many other diseases and unintended. The effort to eradicate polio has left unattended. A lot of -- vaccination. Against some other diseases. And this is not been a favorable. Outcome of the program. I have a great deal of respect and admiration for the people who have done so much in polio eradication . And trying to strengthen health services so one could. But at the same time it's been -- considerable. And at this point ", 'of that end  polio  now campaign involved with  eradication  through something vaccinated she got  polio  when she was reluctant to shore  polio  inflicted foot because if we can  eradicate polio  here that we because unless can  eradicate  that He. easily ', 'feels great. -- -- -- -- -- -- because if we can eradicate polio here that we can eradicated from the face here Americans have to care they have to care because unless -- can eradicate that He. -- easily occur anywhere else in the world. Since 1985. Volunteers like -- have helped immunize more than two billion ', 'of that end  polio  now campaign involved with  eradication  through something vaccinated she got  polio  when she was reluctant to shore  polio  inflicted foot because if we can  eradicate polio  here that we because unless can  eradicate  that He. easily ', 'feels great. -- -- -- -- -- -- because if we can eradicate polio here that we can eradicated from the face here Americans have to care they have to care because unless -- can eradicate that He. -- easily occur anywhere else in the world. Since 1985. Volunteers like -- have helped immunize more than two billion ', "stricken with  polio . It's been asking if  polio  can finally the globe is  polio  free. But waking up  polio  for even possible  eradication . Of the wild paralysis was not  polio . And we just the fight to  eradicate polio  from the earth ", "Why did you vaccinated soon as she tells me she worries about polio . And she should. Until polio -- wiped out everywhere her children and powers remain at risk. And an update on the little -- -- He was lucky his paralysis was not polio . And we just got word David from India that he's recovered fully and is walking normally hardware that is good news rich thanks very much and to join the fight to eradicate polio from the earth. But it'd be the change web site at save one dot net. "]