['young children. The Waterloo Regional Police Service said Monday Christine Allen, 32, administered an over-the-counter  eye care  product, which if ingested can cause abnormal drowsiness, low blood pressure and decreased heart rates in children. Police ', "wants to balance the benefits and risks of fracking. Canada's Valeant Pharmaceuticals says it will buy Bausch + Lomb, the  eye health  company for $8.7 billion. Valeant says the deal would help it cash in on increasing demand for contact lenses and other ", 'equally stringent. A prospective patient must be a district resident with one of the few qualifying diseases, such as AIDS,  glaucoma  or multiple sclerosis. A doctor must formally recommend the drug, and that recommendation must be certified by the Department ', 'Institute of Allergy and Infectious Disease in Bethesda, MD. Natural Alternatives To Top 10 Prescribed Drugs If you have  glaucoma , or prostate, breathing, or other health problems, or if you take other medications, check with your doctor first. Some ', 'a cancer drug but has been used off-label to treat  macular degeneration . Clinical Specialties is a small compounding pharmacy called Lucentis, which has been FDA-approved to treat  macular degeneration  but costs about $2,000 per injection. Avastin, on ', 'likely to develop age-related  macular degeneration  . The results were published Monday between aspirin and [age-related  macular degeneration ] , thereby challenging causal inferences between neovascular age-related  macular degeneration  and routine aspirin use, but other ', 'cause serious eye disorders and infections that can lead to blindness. Only wear contacts that have been prescribed by an  eye care  professional. Dark, Dangly Costumes When choosing a costume, pick something bright or use reflective tape to stay visible ', 'Haskins to take the jump, but he said it was important to him to do it now because he is going blind. "He has  macular degeneration , so he\'s losing his eyesight, and my son is deploying to Afghanistan in the near future, and he wanted to ', 'according to the National Institutes for Health. Now, Williamson cares for her 87-year-old mother, who is due for  cataract  surgery this month, but also has a pain condition called spinal stenosis, which puts pressure on her nerves. She said the ', "offers the following advice for senior drivers to evaluate when it's time to stop driving: Conditions like cataracts and  glaucoma  can diminish sight and hamper driving ability. An eye doctor can help establish whether your sight is good enough to drive ", 'means of medicinal marijuana. The qualifying conditions required to receive a med card include terminal illness, cancer,  glaucoma , and Multiple Sclerosis. Six dispensaries have been issued permits by the state but only one, Greenleaf Compassion Center ', 'him out of the public eye for a week or so, the Globe reported . Menino is no stranger to surgery. Since he was elected in 1993, the Mayor has gone under the knife at for a  cataract , a torn tendon and two tumors, his office confirmed.', 'he joked that if that happens, \'You\'re in big trouble!\'" Menino is no stranger to surgery. Since he was elected in 1993, the mayor has gone under the knife at for a  cataract , a torn tendon and two tumors, his office confirmed.', 'In older Americans the most common cause of blindness is AMD or related  macular degeneration . With age yellow deposits form at the back of BI. These deposits can lead either to wet AMD or dry in but He. Wet AMD occurs ', 'Americans the most common cause of blindness is AMD or -- related macular degeneration . With age yellow deposits form at the back of BI. These deposits can lead either to wet AMD or dry in but ', "News from London tonight from actress Judy she has revealed she's been diagnosed with degeneration a disease that can cause blindness. The actress says she now gets help reading her movie descriptions like her story along with a the new science behind the condition that affects so many here's Kelly", "clearly show any significant risk. But obesity has on  cataract  formation. There are some recent studies showing that obesity is a risk factor for other problems such as  macular degeneration . And involving the But as far as cataracts. There's ", "doesn't seem to clearly show any significant risk. But obesity has on cataract formation. There are some recent studies showing that obesity is a risk factor for other problems such as macular degeneration . And involving the -- -- But as far as cataracts. There's no clear cut. Association. ", "Doctors age related immaculate degeneration by looking at the so to do that you know first we check the vision of the patient to see how well they can see in separately. And then we put drops in to dilate the pupils of the leaking get a really good look at the retina. What we're looking for is it", 'The cause of age related and actually generation is still largely unknown. We know there are a number of risk factors which are not controllable and there are some which are liable. Such as dietary intake avoidance of smoking. There have been large studies which have shown that certain anti toxins.', "Asian native Mac duty generation is a progressive disorder the retina. Which affects the central vision. Affecting an individual's ability to read to drive to see faces. Estimates are as many as one 30% of individuals. Older than 75 years of age in this country. Maybe effective with some form of", 'Try. Age related generation involves the accumulation of certain proteins under the These proteins. Which come from the recycling of the rods and cones. Are normally broken down by the layer of cells underneath the retina that With age. These cells lose their ability to recycle the proteins and so']