['anytime in the near future. An  FDA advisory  panel of seven women and four a little bit about what the  FDA advisory . Panel determined this drug is not the  FDA advisory committee  their job is to look at the ', "female Viagra will not be available anytime in the near future. An FDA advisory panel of seven women and four men unanimously voted against approval of the drug. The drug is designed to help pre menopausal women by boosting their sexual libido the FDA however is not convinced. Here with the latest update -- doctor Kieran Boyle. Doctor -- thanks so much for joining us again great being -- him -- a little bit about what the FDA advisory . Panel determined this drug is not -- -- the FDA advisory committee their job is to look at the drug and okay isn't -- factor and it that they. And -- they look at ", "at Wal-Mart now is walking anywhere. Like in any city in the country and. Didn't drugs. Still today an  FDA advisory committee  voted to keep these cough medicines available prescription in keeping with the industry group position. The industry ", "in any city in the country and. Didn't drugs. Still today an FDA advisory committee voted to keep these cough medicines available -- -- -- prescription in keeping with the industry group position. The industry says the ", "you know thank you just walking anywhere. Like in any city in the country and. Didn't drug. Still today an  FDA advisory committee  voted to keep these cough medicines available prescription in keeping with the industry group position. The industry ", "in any city in the country and. Didn't drug. Still today an FDA advisory committee voted to keep these cough medicines available -- -- -- prescription in keeping with the industry group position. The industry says they ", 'also seemed to carry a higher risk of stroke and heart failure. The news comes only a couple of weeks before an  FDA advisory committee  will meet to decide the fate of this popular diabetes drug. Considering that heart disease is already a leading ', 'heart failure. The news comes only a couple of weeks before an FDA advisory committee will meet to decide the fate of this popular diabetes drug. Considering that heart disease is already a leading cause of death ', 'important jobs. I want to take advantage of another area of your expertise says you know a drug called Was before the  FDA advisory committee  yesterday they decided not to recommend approval. Because of concerns about increased risks for suicidal thoughts ', 'expertise says you know a drug called -- -- Was before the FDA advisory committee yesterday they decided not to recommend approval. Because of concerns about increased risks for suicidal thoughts and may be other -- -- ', "with a month. the FDA. I know this is an issue that it has been discussed and Odyssey we're well aware of it. Whether.  FDA advisory  or some sort of announcement was it would have an impact would be a possibility to consider you're sitting at home at night ", "it has been discussed and Odyssey we're well aware of it. Whether. FDA advisory or some sort of announcement was it would have an impact -- -- would be a possibility to consider you're sitting at ", 'to America a five foot seven inch woman with health problems needed to be 223. Pounds to meet federal standards. But an  FDA advisory  panel just recommended lowering that number to 19. Much to the delight of shareholders and Allard the company that makes ', '-- needed to be 223. Pounds to meet federal standards. But an FDA advisory panel just recommended lowering that number to 19. Much to the delight of shareholders and Allard -- the company that makes the ', 'told them not to donate blood people who are anemic have a low blood are people of infectious diseases just last week the  FDA advisory . Panel recommended that people with Chronic Fatigue Syndrome be added to the list of people who should not donate blood ', 'blood -- are people of infectious diseases -- just last week the FDA advisory . Panel recommended that people with Chronic Fatigue Syndrome be added to the list of people who should not donate blood. And this ', 'treatments are for cosmetic purposes. Only there are no data on how long it lasts and it is not effective for weight Tomorrow and  FDA advisory  panel will consider yet another diet drug quest for the preliminary findings of the FDA review are not encouraging. For ', 'it lasts and it is not effective for weight -- Tomorrow and FDA advisory panel will consider yet another diet drug -- quest for the preliminary findings of the FDA review are not encouraging. For now ', 'for cosmetic purposes. Only there are no data on how long it lasts and it is not effective for weight loss. Tomorrow and  FDA advisory  panel will consider yet another diet drug quest for the preliminary findings of the FDA review are not encouraging. For ', 'it lasts and it is not effective for weight loss. Tomorrow and FDA advisory panel will consider yet another diet drug -- quest for the preliminary findings of the FDA review are not encouraging. For now ', 'today on health and medicine. A new type of morning after pill is a big step closer to going on sale in the US. Today an  FDA advisory  panel voted unanimously that the pill called a little one is safe and effective. Right now the emergency contraceptive plan ', 'big step closer to going on sale in the US. Today an FDA advisory panel voted unanimously that the pill called a little one is safe and effective. Right now the emergency contraceptive plan B has ', "containers of spaghetti with meatballs being recalled because the meat might have been under cook. And that risks botulism. An  FDA advisory  panel said no today to the pill dubbed the female Viagra. The drug is designed to increase a woman's sexual desire but ", "the meat might have been under cook. And that risks botulism. An FDA advisory panel said no today to the pill dubbed the female Viagra. The drug is designed to increase a woman's sexual desire but ", "containers of spaghetti with meatballs being recalled because the meat might have been under cook. And that risks botulism. An  FDA advisory  panel said no today to the pill dubbed the female Viagra. The drug is designed to increase a woman's sexual desire but ", "the meat might have been under cook. And that risks botulism. An FDA advisory panel said no today to the pill dubbed the female Viagra. The drug is designed to increase a woman's sexual desire but ", 'levels. A recent studies show using Sandia has caused thousands of patients to have heart attacks and strokes. Next week an  FDA advisory  panel will decide whether Avandia should stay on the market. Doctor Karen Boyle joins us to discuss the risks and benefits ', 'thousands of patients to have heart attacks and strokes. Next week an FDA advisory panel will decide whether Avandia should stay on the market. Doctor Karen Boyle joins us to discuss the risks and benefits either ', 'This week an  FDA advisory  panel recommended that a Staten drug be given to prevent heart disease and not only to people with high cholesterol levels but ', 'This week an FDA advisory panel recommended that a Staten drug be given to prevent heart disease and not only to people with high cholesterol levels but ', 'continue therapy years experience that 56%. Increase in the frequency of seniors. And 68% reduction after three years. And  FDA advisory  panel has recommended approval of deep brain stimulation for apple that but the FDA has not yet reached a final decision ', 'the frequency of seniors. And -- 68% reduction after three years. And FDA advisory panel has recommended approval of deep brain stimulation for apple that -- but the FDA has not yet reached a final decision ', "new.  FDA recall  of Johnson & Johnson children's medicines including. Infant and children's Tylenol Motrin Benadryl and their attack and look ", "-- new. FDA recall of Johnson & Johnson children's medicines including. Infant and children's Tylenol Motrin Benadryl and their attack and look -- form. The FDA ", "Despite evidence it causes heart risks and  FDA advisory  panel has now decided that diabetes drug of India should 800 people died from the disease. In its decision the  FDA advisory  panel says there's not enough evidence of an increase ", "Despite evidence it causes heart risks and FDA advisory panel has now decided that diabetes drug of India should be kept on store shelves it's crucially important public health issue to ", "more than 800 people died from the disease. In its decision the FDA advisory panel says there's not enough evidence of an increase heart attack risk to merit the drug's removal. Jeremy -- ABC news Chicago. "]