['The sitcom\'s youngest star is under fire after he called it "filth" and urged people not to watch.', 'smoke as much pot as we Reporter: It turns out, all those pot jokes and sexual innuendos, aren\'t so funny to  angus t .  Jones  in real life. I\'m on "two and a half men" and I don\'t want to be on it. Please, stop watching it. Please ', 'out, all those pot jokes and sexual innuendos, aren\'t so funny to angus t . Jones in real life. I\'m on "two and a half men" and I don\'t want to be on it. Please, stop watching it. ', 'and a half men" after  angus t .  Jones  declared his show is two and a half men."  Angus t .  Jones  who plays jake. I can\'t here. On the video,  angus jones  makes it clear he\'s the holiday. Document  angus jones  issued a statement ', 'I\'m like, thanks, man of god. Forerunner right here. On the video, angus jones makes it clear he\'s a phaneuf hudson\'s but hudson said he has never seen "two and a half men" and was meeting ', 'due to be back on the set until after the holiday. Document angus jones issued a statement. I apologize if my remarks reflect me showing indifference to and disrespect of my colleagues. That a lack of ', "would be and a young lady Buchanan I don't know something where things are happening with so they're getting rid of  Angus T Jones . There he is yeah. He was particularly critical of the shows a back. Act and so I think they've decided to quickly ", "where things are happening with -- -- so they're getting rid of Angus T Jones . There he is yeah. He was particularly -- critical of the shows a -- back. Act and so I think they've decided ", 'much drama. Another from the sitcom Two and a Half Men is picking up exactly where Charlie Sheen left off young actor  Angus T Jones  he plays the half. In Two and a Half Men the character Jake harbor is trashing show that pays him 350000. Dollars ', 'Men is picking up exactly where Charlie Sheen left off young actor Angus T Jones he plays the half. In Two and a Half Men the character Jake harbor is trashing -- show that pays him 350000. ', "would would partake in every other of on call 722 TV set We future cast members Apple's. And certainly yesterday  Angus T Jones  the young star from and a man who said the show was still does not retracting but trying to be a little bit more sensitive ", "-- We -- future cast members Apple's. And -- certainly -- yesterday Angus T Jones the young star from -- and a man who said the show was still does not retracting but trying to be a "]