['Jonas Blixt, Brendon de Jonge  top leaderboard in Fall Series opener in Las Vegas', 'Jonas Blixt shot his second straight 7-under 64 on Friday for a share of the second-round lead with Brendon de Jonge in the Justin Timberlake Shriners Hospitals for Children Open.De Jonge followed his opening 62 with a 66 to match Blixt at 14-under 128 after two rounds in perfect conditions in the Fall Series opener."I think it\'s a lot of things that makes me play well this week," said Blixt, from Sweden. "I got my family in town, my brother and my sister, a couple friends from overseas, which makes it really relaxed. We\'re renting a house together and just having a good time. I don\'t think about golf at all coming off the golf course. Just hang out with them. It\'s easy to think about something else when you\'re in Las Vegas, right?"Blixt and de Jonge, from Zimbabwe, are winless on the PGA Tour."I\'ve been working a lot on my ball-striking the last few weeks when I\'ve been off," Blixt said. "It\'s not really there yet, but I got a hot putter and it\'s been helping me out a lot the last two...', 'The U.S. Open is great for giving us storylines, including the thought, "Who was that guy?"The "Who was that guy?" has occurred in seven of the last eight Opens. Las...', 'Fabian Gomez held a 1-stroke advantage entering the final hole of the Puerto Rico Open on Sunday, but he bogeyed the par-5 18th, while playing partner Scott Brown bi...', 'Jonas Blixt fired a 7-under 64 on Friday to move into a share of the lead with Brendon de Jonge after the second round of the Justin Timberlake Shriners Hospitals fo...', 'Ryan Moore fired a 6-under 65 on Saturday to join Jonas Blixt and Brendon de Jonge atop the leaderboard after three rounds of the Justin Timberlake Shriners Hospital...', 'Former UNLV player Ryan Moore won the Justin Timberlake Shriners Hospitals for Children Open on Sunday for his second PGA Tour title, birdieing the 16th hole to take...', 'Through Aug. 5 Rank Player Points YTD Money 1. Tiger Woods 2,204 $4,813,873 2. Zach Johnson 2,018 $4,096,284 3. Jason Dufner 1,983 $4,334,137 4. Hunter Mahan 1,739 $...', 'Robert Garrigus birdied eight of 11 holes en route to a 7-under 64 on Friday and that spurt gave him a 2-stroke lead after two rounds of the CIMB Classic.Garrigus, a...', 'Robert Garrigus leads CIMB Classic by 2 strokes at halfway mark; Tiger Woods tied for 5th', 'Five strokes off the lead after two rounds, Tiger Woods thinks the CIMB Classic course "can be had" and still expects a total of better than 20 under to win it.Rober...', 'Defending champion Bo Van Pelt nearly shot 59 on Saturday, but he double-bogeyed the final hole to fall into a share of the third-round lead with Robert Garrigus at ...', 'Bo Van Pelt blows a chance at a rare 59 with double bogey on 18th at CIMB Classic; still leads', 'While Bo Van Pelt was flirting with a rare 59 in a third round that was close to impeccable until the last hole, Tiger Woods was getting increasingly frustrated with...', 'Nick Watney settles for 61 in 1-stroke victory in CIMB Classic in Malaysia; Woods finishes 4th', 'Nick Watney took a few peeks at the leaderboard, and heard the echo of raucous cheering at regular intervals in the distance as Tiger Woods was commencing his last-r...', 'Jonas Blixt birdied six of the last seven holes Saturday for a 5-under 66 and a share of the lead with Ryan Moore and Brendon de Jonge in the Justin Timberlake Shrin...', 'The field for the 142nd British Open golf championship, which starts Thursday at Muirfield. Players listed in only the first category for which they qualified:Britis...', 'Defending champion Zach Johnson and Camilo Villegas each carded 7-under 64s on Thursday to share the lead after the opening round of the John Deere Classic.Matt Bett...', 'The field for the 142nd British Open golf championship, to be played July 18-21 at Muirfield. Players listed in only the first category for which they qualified:Brit...', "Defending champion Zach Johnson shot a 7-under 64 and is tied with Camilo Villegas for the lead after Thursday's opening round of the John Deere Classic.It was the 1...", 'Charley Hoffman fired a 5-under 66 on Saturday and grabbed a 2-stroke lead over Webb Simpson at the RBC Heritage.Hoffman, Steve LeBrun and Kevin Streelman held the 3...']