["Foster Grant gifted to a celebrity at the GBK lounge in the W Hotel, one was donated to charity. Mayim Bialik,  Anthony Anderson , and Bruno Tonioli snapped up aviators and wayfarers. L'Oreal. A little pampering never hurt anyone. HBO's ", "Starring: Shia LaBeouf, Megan Fox, Josh Duhamel, Rachael Taylor, Tyrese Gibson, Jon Voight,  Anthony Anderson , John Turturro, Michael O'Neill, and Peter Cullen Directed by: Michael Bay Release Date: July 4 Synopsis Our world will ", 'usually treats subjects like this as raunchy comedy. But "Hustle & Flow" is serious, living, breathing drama.  Anthony Anderson  proves he\'s a fine actor and Terrence Howard, in the lead role, might earn an Oscar nomination. Grade: B ', "says Ashton Kutcher and Paul Walker want to star as Bo and Luke Duke, the fast-drivin' Southern cousins, with  Anthony Anderson  as Boss Hog. Who will play the all-important Daisy Duke the good ol' boys' country-flower cousin in very short ", "dangerous mission. Kangaroo Jack, a raucous comedy set in the Australian Outback, starring Jerry O'Connell,  Anthony Anderson , Estella Warren and Christopher Walken, was Bruckheimer's first collaboration with Castle Rock Pictures and ", "Anthony Anderson , the oversized comic relief in Steven Seagal's February comeback flick Exit Wounds, pops up in this weekend's Two Can Play ", "Anthony Anderson , the oversized comic relief in Steven Seagal's February comeback flick Exit Wounds, pops up in this weekend's Two Can Play ", "Anthony Anderson , the oversized comic relief in Steven Seagal's February comeback flick Exit Wounds, pops up in this weekend's Two Can Play ", "Anthony Anderson , the oversized comic relief in Steven Seagal's February comeback flick Exit Wounds, pops up in this weekend's Two Can Play ", "Anthony Anderson , the oversized comic relief in Steven Seagal's February comeback flick Exit Wounds, pops up in this weekend's Two Can Play ", "Anthony Anderson , the oversized comic relief in Steven Seagal's February comeback flick Exit Wounds, pops up in this weekend's Two Can Play ", "could and and you it's really don't that shellac you know the cameras are rolling now I wouldn't want tickets  Anthony Anderson  everything in kind of impact. It started when dear Gina this spoonful of cinnamon. He didn't teller he was going ", "you know the cameras are rolling now I wouldn't want tickets -- Anthony Anderson everything in kind of impact. It started when -- dear Gina -- this spoonful of cinnamon. He didn't teller he was going "]