['Packed these into bags and handed them out to kids at a state fair and other dolls or modeled from ten to twelve week old  fetus . Children as young as five and six were handed these precious ones as those dolls are called without their parents now in ', 'fair and other dolls or modeled from ten to twelve week old fetus . Children as young as five and six were handed these precious ones as those dolls are called without their parents now in. ', 'abortion ban, in North Dakota. It prohibits abortions after a  fetus  is "pain capable," which is believed to be around 20 weeks allowed abortions until 24 weeks of pregnancy, after which the  fetus  is generally believed to be capable of surviving outside of ', 'the fair, and his 5-year-old daughter was among the children handed a toy  fetus . He immediately threw it in the trash can, where it joined "a lot" of other  fetus  toys "littering the garbage bins," he wrote on his blog. "My daughter wasn\'t ', '20-week ban is based on the medically disputed idea that a  fetus  can feel pain beyond that point. Such laws have been successfully Court case Roe v. Wade says abortions are permissible until a  fetus  is viable outside the womb, typically around 24 weeks. So ', 'ruling that legalized abortion up until a  fetus  is considered viable, usually at 22 to 24 women from having an abortion because a  fetus  has a genetic defect, such as Down syndrome based on the disputed premise that a  fetus  can feel pain by then. Texas Gov. Rick ', 'ruling that legalized abortion up until a  fetus  is considered viable, usually at 22 to 24 women from having an abortion because a  fetus  has a genetic defect, such as Down syndrome based on the disputed premise that a  fetus  can feel pain by then. Texas Gov. Rick ', 'ruling that legalized abortion up until a  fetus  is considered viable, usually at 22 to 24 women from having an abortion because a  fetus  has a genetic defect, such as Down syndrome based on the disputed premise that a  fetus  can feel pain by then. Texas Gov. Rick ', "passenger, pelvis and psyche. The power is how strong the uterus contracts to cause the cervix to dilate. Passenger refers to the  fetus  and its size and position. The size and type of pelvic structure is also critical as is the mother's mind-set (psyche ", "The Japanese company Fasotec developed technology that uses ultrasound scans and a 3D printer to create a life size mold of a  fetus ' face according to ABCNews affiliate WJBF-TV in Augusta, Ga. Kyoko Aizaka had one made of her now 2-month old son, Kyosuke ", "births. Anencephaly is a birth defect, almost always fatal, where the neural tubes in the  fetus  do not close properly. As a result, the forward part the  fetus ' brain is not developed and the other part of the brain is exposed to amniotic fluid ", 'imprisoning them, sometimes restrained by chains, in his Cleveland home. He is also accused of the aggravated murder of a  fetus  for allegedly forcibly causing an abortion in one of his victims that he is accused of impregnating, a charge that could potentially ', 'RU 486 or mifepristone, a hormone blocker that makes the  fetus  unviable. After another 24 hours, the woman must return so misoprostol, which causes the uterus to contract and expel the  fetus . Until the new law, as is the standard practice in other states ', "levels of mercury, a contaminant that can harm the nervous system of a  fetus  or baby. (Mercury is harmful to you at any age, but it's particularly dangerous to a developing  fetus .) Yet high-mercury species can sometimes stand in for safer ", 'Packed these into bags and handed them out to kids at a state fair and other dolls or modeled from ten to twelve week old  fetus . Children as young as five and six were handed these precious ones as those dolls are called without their parents now in ', 'fair and other dolls or modeled from ten to twelve week old fetus . Children as young as five and six were handed these precious ones as those dolls are called without their parents now in. ', 'Packed these into bags and handed them out to kids at a state fair and other dolls or modeled from ten to twelve week old  fetus . Children as young as five and six were handed these precious ones as those dolls are called without their parents now in ', 'fair and other dolls or modeled from ten to twelve week old fetus . Children as young as five and six were handed these precious ones as those dolls are called without their parents now in. ', 'second cub was a total surprise to even the zoo. We tried to do a couple of ultrasounds on her. Got one image of a developing  fetus . We knew there was something in there. But we had no idea they were twins. Reporter: The bundles of joy had a combined weight ', 'a couple of ultrasounds on her. Got one image of a developing fetus . We knew there was something in there. But we had no idea they were twins. Reporter: The bundles of joy had a ', "like a big explosion. the one filed muscles I don't airborne and slammed into the back of the other line the impact was so severe the driver of the white car had to be cut from the wreckage. Tracy Harris was working when she heard sirens then the crash this is pretty fast. And look get a positive", 'obstetrics but any drug. It can be used inappropriately. And those risks with the and extend not just to the mother but also to the  fetus  often has a bad rap among moms. Funny eight year old Cassie more has five kids all under the age of ten was used in one pregnancy ', '-- and extend not just to the mother but also to the fetus -- often has a bad rap among moms. Funny eight year old Cassie -- more -- has five kids all under the ']