["Right now, we're going to move on to apple. The company's popular ipads and iphones getting a big, new  face - lift , starting with siri, now available in a male or female voice. It's part of a major overhaul. And rebecca jarvis ", "to apple. The company's popular ipads and iphones getting a big, new face - lift , starting with siri, now available in a male or female voice. It's part of a major overhaul. And rebecca jarvis is here ", "Budget Botox: Woman Invents $25 Bungee 'Face-Lift' Device to Replace Expensive Plastic Surgery ", 'thing. But word on the street is, a  facelift  can cost thousands of dollars. Botox that with $25? This little device a  facelift  in a jar. Two combs and a bungee cord son was getting married. I went for  plastic surgery  consultat consultation. I created this braid and voila, ten years off your  face . How does it feel? Five hours in ', 'Would not change a thing. But word on the street is, a facelift can cost thousands of dollars. Botox can cost hundredses. When we heard about a product that does the job for $25 and ', "What if you could do that with $25? This little device a facelift in a jar. Two combs and a bungee cord. It's easily inserted. Easily removable. I can inserted in 30 seconds, take it out in 10 seconds. Reporter: Look at this woman before. And now with the device. It's the brain child of kim ashauer. Were did you get this idea? My son was getting married. I went for plastic surgery consultat consultation. I created this out of sheer panic. Reporter: Make two small braids at the temple. Fashion the first comb, bring the bunge rks cord around, fast on the the other braid and voila, ten years off your face . How does it feel? Five hours in, am I going to have to take an aspirin or tylenol? No, it doesn't cause ", "that is me with my best lion  face . But I'll save the embarrassment youthful glow, yoga for the  face . Designed to be a natural to the botox, fillers and  plastic surgery  americans spend tens of millions scalpel for the smiling fish  face . This do-it-yourself book on the ultimate natural  face - lift . There's a technique to ", "Now to our latest wrinkle rehab report. The all-natural face - lift thanks to yoga for your face . It gives you a glow inside and out. Abc's bianna golodryga is here to explain and show us. Reporter: We're going to show you later. But this is a rising exercise and practice we're seeing. You don't need a mat for this kind of yoga. Experts say just like traditional yoga, face yoga can improve your appearance and get rid of your wrinkles, as long as you don't mind looking a little funny while ", 'No more downward dog or warrior poses. It\'s all about the lion face , the bumblebee and the marilyn. Yes, that is me with my best lion face . But I\'ll save the embarrassment for later. It\'s the latest craze into getting a youthful glow, yoga for the face . Designed to be a natural, noninvasive alternative to the botox, fillers and plastic surgery americans spend tens of millions of dollars on every year. What are you doing? Reporter: Even "the real housewives of new york" traded in the needle and scalpel for the smiling fish face . This do-it-yourself age-defying technique, involving facial expression, is the brainchild of ann hagen, who wrote a book on the ultimate natural face - lift . There\'s a technique to the yoga face ? Definitely. If you just made weird faces randomly, you would get more wrinkles. We\'re trying not to do that. We\'re trying to tone and lift the muscles of the face . Reporter: Dr. Neil sadick, recommends facial yoga for his patients. By stimulating any component of your face like the muscles, you\'ll have an overall effect. Reporter: Janet is a yoga and pilates instructor who is offering it in new ', "in shock, but she didn't bat an eye lash. Second chair is not going to fit there. Meanwhile, dottie recommends a  face - lift  for the outside. It's a cute screen, isn't it? It's wonderful. This home, it looks like it needs a little ", "Second chair is not going to fit there. Meanwhile, dottie recommends a face - lift for the outside. It's a cute screen, isn't it? It's wonderful. This home, it looks like it needs a little help and ", "She has the traditional  face - lift . Here's miki before She had the newer, awake  face - lift . And here they are together it's important to note the  plastic surgery  costs. The traditional  face - lift , $25,000. Whoa. I know ", "gives a whole, new meaning to sibling banding. Identical twins who get plastic surgery at the same time. But they chose two very different types of face -lifts. Abc's cecilia vega followed the twins who did just that. Reporter:49-year-old identical twins, mickey and donna keller are imseble. I felt it. Reporter: And now, they're having face -lifts together. So, what do you see wrong when you look at each other? Or you look at yourself? What I've noticed in the last couple years, was everything was sagging. Like, the neck. I would see pictures of myself. Oh, my god. I care about how I look. I want to be attractive. I want to feel younger. I want to match my attitude, so to speak. Reporter: They are undergoing a kind of twin experiment. Donna is having a traditional, five-hour-long surgical face - lift under anesthesia. Miki is getting a face - lift , too. Her doctor is trying an experimental procedure. It only takes one hour and uses local anesthesia. She'll be wide-awake for the whole thing. Miki will get to go straight home. Donna will have to stay overnight in a recovery center. The doctor will see me the next day and do the -- like a martian. I'm going to bring my camera. Reporter: Dr. Simone has been doing face -lifts like this for six years. He doesn't put patients to sleep with the surgery. And he says with his technique, patients heal faster. They also sit up for the surgery, instead of sitting down, which the doctor says makes for more natural results. They get up and they walk on their own. Reporter: It's the day of the surgery. Donna is having a face - lift , eye lift, fat injections, skin resurfacing and botox. And miki, she's having a face - lift , eye lift, skin resurfacing and botox. Remember, miki's awake. She even chats with us during the surgery. Having a good time. Reporter: Weeks later, we meet up with them again. Will the twins still look alike? Here's donna before. And donna after. She has the traditional face - lift . Here's miki before. And miki after. She had the newer, awake face - lift . And here they are together. While they still look like younger versions of themselves, these twins couldn't help but compare notes. We ", "You can decide the difference. Although, lara, it's important to note the plastic surgery costs. The traditional face - lift , $25,000. Whoa. I know. A lot of money. And the one-hour experimental procedure, is $12,000, half the price. But we saw her ", "nothing had a plan for a  facelift  make 51 year old friend we're trying to do with  face  us now is to limit the device to complete the  facelift . The surgery will require stays called to guess the  facelift  reflects her philosophy be. When you need a  face lift  and when use other things ", "ought to just. Dermatologist doctor guy stays -- called to guess the facelift reflects her philosophy I don't believe an aging gracefully I think you have to fight it every step of the way I -- want the global aesthetic. To be. -- -- When you need a face lift and when -- use other things like fellas lasers my experience has been and that you can get rid of lines and ", "very strained here. Your dad decided. That amount should get a  facelift . Out of room and momma never talked about before anything you've never. Been into  plastic surgery . April 3 2007. Just two weeks after her husband first suggested ", "-- -- -- here. Your dad decided. That amount should get a facelift . Out of room and -- momma never talked about -- before anything you've never. Been into plastic surgery . April 3 2007. Just two weeks after her husband first suggested that Michelle undergoes a full basement. Martin insists -- Alexis the ", "year's World Cup and the opening ceremony of the 2016. Olympic Games. The stadium just received the 500 million dollar  facelift  to get ready for the two events. Well weighs in don't find the page I think that as it closed asked if outlawed execute ", "the 2016. Olympic Games. The stadium just received the 500 million dollar facelift to get ready for the two events. Well weighs in don't find the page I think that -- as it closed -- ", "crooked teeth just don't faze him to that complicates it.  Face  lifts for sagging skin and liposuction. For obese dogs law. When you tell people that you had a tummy tuck and  facelift  it. Together native Fredricka and not because that they happier and healthier like millions of other dogs because  plastic surgery  fixed a serious medical problem. But there's one purely ", "you tell people that you -- -- had a tummy tuck and facelift it. Together native Fredricka and -- -- -- not because that they got that isn't estimating. The owner Denise Smart doesn't care ", "The Makeover of the American Museum of Natural History: 'Inhabitants' Receive Massive Facelift ", 'actually lifts in tightens the  face . So we really rejuvenate the  face  from the inside Al fantastic do better with the surgical  facelift . That really the best way to surgeons perform a surgical  facelift  so were actually treating the ', "in new collagen. In this is what actually lifts in tightens the face . So we really -- rejuvenate the face from the inside Al fantastic and how long does it take to see the result -- -- the immediate. That's really an interesting question because what I like to do with my patience is we perform a full face and neck treatment. And then we pause right afterwards. And we do -- call at halftime analysis. So we go look in the mere impatience are actually able to see your Rasul immediately. In that result just keeps on getting better so a gradual process -- a three month period the skin continues to rejuvenate. And that -- -- gradual. Lifting of the face in the tissues so -- one time procedure you don't need to go back for repeat visit most of my patients only need one treatment. That sort of personalize with with the individual patient. But we're looking into down the line in the future. Because with each therapy we actually build new college and so that might be possible -- -- after a year to you to go back and do booster treatment. To really stimulate the rejuvenation -- -- face so who is the ideal candidate. So the ideal candidate has mild to moderate sagging of the -- -- really the patients that come in to see me have started to look in the Mir and see early signs of aging and they're just just not yet ready to go under the knife. And so those are the ideal patience for this a patient that has more severe laxity. Might be better with the -- and boy do better with the surgical facelift . That really the best way to determine if you're good candidate. Is to come in and have a consultation with your doctor and what does this procedure costs to -- -- all face and neck. Well so -- patients that -- men only have one area concerned so for example we can just treat -- -- In or we can do you actually a full face treatment so. Treatment started about 15100 dollar single up from there but it's actually still. Much more economical than a surgical face off shore softball face and act would be like 4000 -- anywhere from three to 4000 dollars depending on the the area where you -- in ", 'where the -- whole wing when we as surgeons perform a surgical facelift so were actually treating the skin from the inside. -- fantastic doctor Weiss thank you so much for -- -- information on ', "ciller's injected into her  face  to a  face lift . Take a look for yourself haircut check. A slimmer  face  but also what appears to be claims that I wouldn't get  plastic surgery  and must I got in an accident disfigured I don't of over my  face . The announcement came during ", "has some people speculating she had everything from ciller's injected into her face to a face lift . Take a look for yourself. Who noticed something different about Bristol Palin a new haircut check. A slimmer face -- but also what appears to be a new -- take a look at this before. And after of the twenty year ", "injections and well. I had me mid  facelift  very young I don't know why Hills injected that into her  face  leaving a bump she can't undergone breast reduction and mini  facelift  surgeries. Has been a bitter year. This is a provisional  facelift  it's different than doing ", "jobs at her lip injections and -- well. I had me mid facelift -- very young I don't know why did it best when he handed down. You heard anything done below that it only ", 'and stylish silhouette. And who has also undergone breast reduction and mini facelift surgeries. Has been a bitter blow to -- Like George. Marie is turning to doctor -- broken in the hope that the ', "best horrible. An incision is made -- year. This is a provisional facelift it's different than doing it the first time to facilitate the revisions to her face fixing to the second time is much much more typical. -- We're gonna take -- chin -- next. -- when her old ", "last. Reality TV with people being a lot more it's becoming a little bit less taboo. But this isn't your father's  plastic surgery . This new generation of cosmetic enhancing guys wanna look like himself just a little bit younger and so maybe even a we're now looking at this idea. coach doc. How would you. The most appropriate place to actually put the For the lower  face  and neck is actually here right from here and behind the ears and pull it undermining this area and pulling it up. Let ", 'The most appropriate place to actually put the -- For the lower face and neck is actually here right from here and behind the ears and pull it undermining this area and pulling it up. ', "It's called the facebook  facelift . An explosion of cosmetic addiction. She doesn't like the  face  staring back at her. My chin to the american society of  plastic surgery , chin augmentations have increased side. I can analyze their  face  on the computer and make the ", "Here's one that surprised us. It's called the facebook facelift . An explosion of cosmetic surgery for people not happy with the way they look online. Cecilia vega investigating. Reporter: Like so many of us, triana practically lives online. I wanted to talk to you about this project. Reporter: She's on skype constantly. That's a good idea. Reporter: Facebook is a virtual addiction. She doesn't like the face staring back at her. My chin bugs the living daylights out of me in this photo. It's the first thing I look ", "school means new classes, a fresh new  face . While it's type to find some high finds out. Reporter: Nadia got a new  face . At just 14 years old, nadia spent She came convince the solution was  plastic surgery . After years of nudging her mom agreed Reporter: Linda turned to the baby's  face  foundation that provides surgery around ", "well, back to school means new classes, a fresh new face . While it's type to find some high schooler who doesn't suffer from some form of body angst, one nonprofit paid for cosmetic ", "over her looks. Abc's bianna finds out. Reporter: Nadia got a new face . At just 14 years old, nadia spent her summer vacation going under the knife. Getting a nose job, her chinned and ears ", "different than somebody that requires braces. Reporter: Linda turned to the baby's face foundation that provides surgery around the world for children with facial categories. A category that dr. Romo said nadia falls into, even ", "her new high school for the first time. Revealing her new  face  to everyone. Reporter: At first glance, 14-year-old It was at that point that linda turned to the little baby  face  foundation. Their story was very compelling. Children with to other bullied children that they, too, need to have  plastic surgery  to overcome the bullies? It's no different than somebody ", 'of her new high school for the first time. Revealing her new face to everyone. Reporter: At first glance, 14-year-old nadi has confidence that many her age lack. But just a few months ago, she ', "It was at that point that linda turned to the little baby face foundation. Their story was very compelling. Children with birth defects. Many who are being bullied and don't have financial means to handle ", "It today's tech a new look for one of the most popular on the web FaceBook is getting a  face lift  making it easier for members to share photos and updates about their lives. Members will also get more control over the features ", 'of the most popular -- on the web FaceBook is getting a face lift making it easier for members to share photos and updates about their lives. Members will also get more control over the features ', "more men have  plastic surgery  I mean last wonder cosmetic  plastic surgery  procedures surgeries and  face  are up 14 he's had a  face  that done but same so for a  facelift  which once male having  plastic surgery  that your plastic ", "in general the costs should be about the same so for a facelift which once again as the most. That the surge and it grew the most in 2010. Cost is anywhere from eight to 151000 dollars depending on where you have -- done. Botox injections an average cost is about 500 dollars because that's a nonsurgical treatment it's temporary results. And I think a lot of consumers need to be aware of is you've got to make sure if you're a male having plastic surgery that your plastic surgeon does your surgery differently. Then they would in a female because certain procedures for example -- -- -- "]