['Actor told the guardian newspaper his throat cancer was caused by a sexually transmitted disease.', "In the fight against  cancer  we are always on the hunt for new Incorporate into our diets a 12 punch against esophageal The sixth deadliest form of  cancer  in the world very exciting I Scott is stubborn at now. Doctor retired grandfather treated for precancerous lesions on his  esophagus  isn't wild about varies but we'll eat them now. The ", "script Tom Schneider a retired grandfather treated for precancerous lesions on his esophagus isn't wild about varies but we'll eat them now. The next time regular grocery store I would think about putting freeze dried ", 'give an interview and said that the type of  throat cancer  two years back. His not quite drinking clarified that while Douglas HPV can cause  throat cancer . He did not say it caused his  throat cancer . And it has been fifty days since the Boston ', "people. But couldn't give an interview and said that the type of throat cancer -- -- two years back. His -- not quite drinking or smoking but oral sex without wanting to get too specific. This particular cancer is caused by HPV. Told the newspaper the guardian. Which actually comes about from -- gets his publicist later clarified that while Douglas -- HPV can cause throat cancer . He did not say it caused his throat cancer . And it has been fifty days since the Boston Marathon bombings took three lives and sent hundreds to area hospitals. And among ", "have to do with the Michael douglas'.  Cancer  it is the debate that's got everyone They put the cats sleep only temporarily  cancer  than wade and hollered before slowly coming interview and said that the type of  throat cancer  two years back. His not quite drinking ", 'people. But it did an interview and said that the type of throat cancer -- -- two years back. His -- not quite drinking or smoking. But oral sex without wanting to get too specific this particular cancer is caused by HPV. Told the newspaper the guardian. Which actually comes about from -- gets his publicist later clarified that while Douglas -- HPV can cause throat cancer . You cannot say -- caused his throat cancer . And it has been fifty days since the Boston Marathon bombings took three lives and sent hundreds to area hospitals. And among ', 'opening up about the cause of  cancer  while a lot of people thought the years it turned into cure  cancer  and so for six months he went heavy duty treatment for this  throat cancer . He is now  cancer  free he believes that he. Is ', "the day. And after the through the years it turned into cure cancer and so for six months he went very heavy -- did did the heavy duty treatment for this throat cancer . He is now cancer free he believes that he. Is baton. He's come back 95% of the time he thinks it's not gonna come back. So he's he's excited about his new movie is happy and -- -- blaming his stroke. I mean medicis. It's disturbing as it is it's good to hear because you think -- HPV news biggest cervical cancer and -- that's about the only cancer there is matter these oral -- happening more and more right and now we're we're alert and that happens people who don't ", 'The former governor of Texas died at her home in Austin surrounded by family. She was diagnosed with  cancer  of the  esophagus  six months ago. Richards was a teacher before turning to politics first winning election as a commissioner in Travis County ', 'at her home in Austin surrounded by family. She was diagnosed with cancer of the esophagus six months ago. Richards was a teacher before turning to politics first winning election as a commissioner in Travis County in 1976. ', "he was diagnosed with advanced  throat cancer  last month. has begun chemo and he was recently diagnosed with  throat cancer  he said it wasn't a huge shock strengthen the good news is that  throat cancer  has about a 60% survival rate ", "out for the first time since he was diagnosed with -- advanced throat cancer last month. -- has begun chemo and radiation and his vowing to beat this get a good Sheehan joins us more and he's really opening up about -- so. They have it took to the airwaves last night detailed -- -- -- with People Magazine Michael Douglas says he had been experiencing symptoms for months. So when he was recently diagnosed with throat cancer he said it wasn't a huge shock I knew something was up. Still as actress wife Catherine Zeta-Jones says it made her furious the doctors didn't diagnose the cancer soon. But ladies gentlemen please say hello to Michael. Michael Douglas appeared on David Letterman last night speaking candidly about his. His battle against the road. Cancer I've got cancer found out about it three three weeks go I -- my first week radiation and chemo these stories it -- sliding comes ", "his -- mean that does -- doctors say that so far his cancer has not spread. His wife says that after the first round of chemo he went straight to the -- saying quote if there's anything Michael has. It's strengthen the good news is that throat cancer has about a 60% survival rate if caught early enough so I'm sure so -- -- history -- when he was -- ", 'in his neck. With stage four  throat cancer  what went through your head cancer  in women is now causing  throat cancer  in men and women how concerned and men are much more risk for  throat cancer  from HPV. A new report predicts ', "lump the size of an Eminem in his neck. With stage four throat cancer what went through your head. Thing about things I've missed out on and I didn't do -- my children my wife. Phil's ", "bodies fight it off. Doctors don't know why some cases develop -- cancer But they're learning that a virus once thought to cause cervical cancer in women is now causing throat cancer in men and women how concerned you this it's a fast growing problem and what's even more concern. -- Republicans largely aware and men are much more risk for throat cancer from HPV. A new report predicts that within the next ten years each PV related throat cancer in men could rise by another 30%. Y. When women are hearing -- PP even if they don't have cancer The virus may multiply to very high levels increasing the chance of oral cancer in their partners. Thousands of an answer for cancer The vaccine is only marketed to girls -- we -- missing a really big opportunity here for prevention these vaccines are very important there as important as polio rubella. The other acts. Phillies now that city his twelve year old son just like his daughters. I think you've got vaccinated kids now you don't want them waking up and twenty or thirty years and finding out -- stage four throat cancer . ", 'people will be diagnosed with  throat cancer  and sadly thirteen thousand of a little bit about how common  throat cancer  is to Begin. Well as you say have to be worried about getting  throat cancer . But tell us how people can get ', "This year alone 50000 people will be diagnosed with throat cancer and sadly thirteen thousand of them will die from it. Recently actor Michael Douglas announced his battle with the killer disease which has put a new focus on the causes symptoms and cures. Today we're joined by doctor Kevin Cullen -- with giving us the scoop on this dangerous disease. Hi doctor Colin great to see you. Good morning time so let's talk a little bit about how common throat cancer is to Begin. Well as you say there are about. 50000 cases of this type of cancer in the United States every year. It's about the fifth leading cause of cancer In the United States right now most of the cases. Are related to exposure to tobacco and alcohol. More recently many of these cases are now being associated with -- -- virus which has the virus which is causes cervical cancers what does. Very very interesting and we're going to get into that in just a moment but I want to ask you now what are some warning signs people should look out for -- -- Arch worried that perhaps they might be suffering from -- cancer Sore throat. Difficulty swallowing. Swelling in the neck. Any of these things that develop -- persist for a period of time should ", "they don't smoke but they don't have to be worried about getting throat cancer . But tell us how people can get that cancer it's not just from smoking. -- did most of the cases even today arts are associated with tobacco. Alcohol tremendously magnifies the ", "it's an intermediate stage  cancer . With with good efficacy in to try to the only cure the  cancer  maximize quality of life swallowing treatments smoking. caused the  cancer  but smoking during the radiation recipe for the development of  throat cancer . Police say in this case they ", "understand it's not smoking during the radiation treatments smoking. -- caused the cancer but smoking during the radiation makes the radiation less effective. You say that smoking probably causing cancer how does that work. Well when you smoke it goes through your whole are -- -- for your mouth into your voice fox terrier. Your throat area insure loans so all of that area. Gets exposed to smoke which is a carcinogenic agent that inflames the area and promotes normal tissue to becoming cancer cells. And that's what. That's what that's -- tumor develops in -- career and then then I was surprised to learn this how was it exacerbated. By alcohol use or abuse. So -- yes think of tumor cells is getting a long process -- get carcinogenic. Exposure and then cause chronic irritation even buy additional smoking or by the irritating effects of alcohol promoting the development of cancer growth. So that combination. -- unfortunately a a recipe for the development of -- throat cancer . Police say in this case they seem to have quoted a state where almost certain that in the majority of cases it ", "Michael Douglas has a tumor in his throat and will now undergo radiation. And chemotherapy they're saying the treatment time for this. Is scheduled to last eight weeks they're saying he 65 years old he is very optimistic but it's interesting because. Medical experts who sort of been looking at this", "Reporter: There was also douglas' own painful battle with  throat cancer  three years ago, an illness that made this movie difficult galore. I mean, you have a second shot at life, beating  cancer . Second shot at fatherhood, with two, small kids ", "they justified it. Reporter: There was also douglas' own painful battle with throat cancer three years ago, an illness that made this movie difficult for his famous father, kirk, to watch. Has your father seen the movie? He has. He was very uncomfortable with my death scene. Reporter: Lit a little close to home. I think it did, a little bit. Reporter: In many ways right now, you are enjoying second shots galore. I mean, you have a second shot at life, beating cancer Second shot at fatherhood, with two, small kids. What's different now about you than before? You know, when I had cameron, when ", 'leaks back into the  esophagus  your food pipe cause scarring in the  esophagus  you can also has been linked to causing  esophageal cancer . The the  cancer  is rare but particularly between the stomach  esophagus . It worked. I wake ', 'women acid reflux. A condition where stomach acid leaks back into the esophagus your food pipe. As many as sixty million Americans experience acid reflux at least once a month. New research out of Europe -- 50% more people suffer from harper now than a decade ago. And increase that worries experts. It can cause scarring in the esophagus you can also has been linked to causing esophageal cancer . The -- the -- cancer is rare but particularly deadly. Killing 83% of those diagnosed after five years so -- the upswing in heartburn partly obesity also ', "lining of the  esophagus  from one type development of  esophageal cancer . It's off increase in this  cancer  is that men are to Barrett's  esophagus . And eventually development of  esophageal cancer . The second ", "with an upper endoscopy. In which a camera is inserted into the esophagus to visualize the lining of the esophagus . This condition results and erosion or inflammation in the lining of that lower esophagus . It can result in bleeding or trouble swallowing. This condition if untreated can progress over many years to a condition known as Barrett's esophagus one of the major long term complications. Barrett's esophagus is -- changing in the lining of the esophagus from one type of cell to another. And is important because it increases the patient's risk for development of esophageal cancer . It's off until cancer is becoming an increasing health problem amongst men and its incidence is rising dramatically over the past decade or two. One thought for the increase in this cancer is that men are experiencing more and more. Gas for sub -- reflux leading to Barrett's esophagus . And eventually the development of esophageal cancer . The second major long term complication of untreated reflux is in development of something called an esophageal stricter. This is a narrowing in the esophagus that occurs due to scarring from longstanding reflux. This diagnosis is often made again with an upper endoscopy. In patients may present ", "from actor Michael Douglas speaking publicly about his  throat cancer  diagnosis for the first time the 65 year old told David chemotherapy. And any stunned the audience by revealing his  cancer  is stage four. Is a stage for where you want a not we're ", "Sobering news this morning from actor Michael Douglas speaking publicly about his throat cancer diagnosis for the first time the 65 year old told David Letterman -- he had just finished his first week of radiation and chemotherapy. And any stunned the audience by revealing his cancer is stage four. Is a stage for -- where you want a -- -- not -- we're not. Knowing exactly begun cents ", 'and goes up into the  esophagus  and people. Fields It is associated with  esophageal cancer  so people can go down take a look at lining of  esophagus . Biopsy in theaters from going up into the  esophagus . So you lower that ', "ambassador bile that starts from the stomach and goes up into the esophagus and people. Fields of their chances on fire. When they feel they have pressure. It's very debilitating to a lot of Americans -- -- -- expensive monthly. About 5% of Americans are taking pills on every day basis -- to -- been mask the symptoms. So it's obviously very common is there any prolonged danger involved with -- It is associated with esophageal cancer so people can go down -- take a look at -- lining of esophagus . Biopsy in theaters. -- -- -- Propensity for the -- start. Now is there any link between obesity and athletic there is ", 'a lot of damage to the food the  esophagus . Worst case scenario leads to an increased risk for  esophageal cancer . And if I can use this model acid reflux and as you pointed out  esophageal cancer  the fastest growing off another ', "pipe can cause a lot of damage to the food -- the esophagus . Worst case scenario leads to an increased risk for esophageal cancer . And if I can use this model. I'll point out so other things that happened with reflux that people don't even know ", 'asthma. But really you have acid reflux and as you pointed out esophageal cancer -- the fastest growing -- off another thing that people just write off for years and turns out because I -- so ', 'yesterday, suffering from complications from his battle with  cancer . The star of "dallas" and "i dream of jeanie" will be to wear. Hagman died last night due to complications from  throat cancer . The family released a statement saying, larry\'s family ', "hat cool to wear. Hagman died last night due to complications from throat cancer . The family released a statement saying, larry's family and close friends had joined him in dallas for the thanksgiving holiday. When he ", 'to help. In stroke and heart attack prevention. I actually am encouraged. That there are several different types of  cancer  been shown to have benefit.  Cancer  the  cancer  such as colon  cancer esophagus cancer  lung  cancer  prostate  cancer .', '-- should be taking because not only does aspirin potentially help with cancer a reduction the Q and after also been shown to help. In stroke and heart attack prevention. I actually am encouraged. That there are several different types of cancer -- been shown to have benefit. Cancer the cancer such as colon cancer esophagus cancer lung cancer prostate cancer ']