['complexities of the spinal cord. Read about the latest  face transplant  patient. In the journal Surgical Neurology International substance called polyethylene glycol, or PEG. View photos of  face transplant  patients through the years. Canavero called his surgery ', 'Polish man who received a life-saving  face transplant  just three weeks after a work accident the first time since her February  face transplant . The operation came six years after by a Chimpanzee in 2009, got her  face transplant  surgery in 2011. Maciejewski said ', 'wait several years before undergoing  face transplant  surgery, but after a work accident no choice other than to give him a  face transplant  right away. "Usually, the recipients the first time since her February  face transplant . It came six years after her estranged ', 'on her head with a sunflower pinned to her shirt,  face transplant  recipient Carmen Blandin Tarleton told reporters discomfort." In February the mother of two received a  full face transplant  during a 15 hour operation at Brigham and Women\'s ', "Click here to read more 'It Was Just Really Nice, Simple.' Dallas Wiens, the first U.S. man to receive a  full face transplant , has married a woman whom he met in a burn victims support group. Wiens, 27, married Jamie Nash, 29, in Forth ", 'Dallas Wiens, the first U.S. man to receive a  full face transplant  , has married a woman who he met in a burn victims support group. Wiens, 27, married Jamie Nash, 29, in Forth Worth, Texas ', "and legally blind, has received a  face transplant  at the Brigham and Women's Hospital months to a year. This is the fifth  face transplant  performed at the hospital. Tarleton More than 20 people have received a  face transplant  worldwide, since the first successful ", 'team\'s laboratory. But  face transplant  experts have learned tough disappointments. One Chinese  partial face transplant  patient died of unknown causes performed the country\'s first  full - face transplant  in 2011. "Provided that ', "Richard Lee Norris received a  face transplant  following a gun accident. (Image credit: University of 37-year-old Virginia man who received the world's fullest  face transplant  in March said he no longer lives as a recluse. Richard ", 'director of Johns Hopkins\' facial transplant program. " Face transplant  is a marriage between transplant surgery and reconstructive score, the more a patient would need and benefit from a  face transplant . The postoperative score is used to demonstrate how much ', "she was attacked by a chimpanzee, left, and after her  face transplant . Lightchaser Photography/Brigham and Women's Hospital friend's home years before the attack. Nash, who received a  face transplant  but remains blind and is missing both her hands, first ", 'involve taking pieces from his skin to attempt to reconstruct his face. Doctors say he may not be a good candidate for a  face transplant . "If he doesn\'t get his vision back the question is if he is more concerned with how he looks or how the world sees ', "given the world's first  full face transplant  incredible story here five It was the most extensive  face transplant  ever carried out. Don't first person to receive a  partial face transplant  five years ago. Since then ", "a network of moves and blood vessels. It was the most extensive face transplant ever carried out. Don't to -- -- -- will need more than a year of physical therapy and should regain 90% of his facial functions. He -- to -- he just wanted to be normal. Is that it's only and I feel a lifelike he had before the simple fact of being able to -- down the street without people looking at him in a strange way. We can have a -- meal because -- be together. Frenchwoman -- -- -- was the first person to receive a partial face transplant five years ago. Since then ten more patients worldwide. Have received new faces -- with the ambition for returning to a normal ", 'from the AP that French doctors have performed a  partial face transplant . On a 27 year old man they said he suffered from think that the partial transplant really is the  face transplant . I know you have a model with you to show us ', "So right now I think that the partial transplant really is the face transplant . I know you have a model with you to show us. Kind of technically in simple terms what's involved and if you ", 'In the most extensive  full face transplant  to date. The plastic and reconstructive surgery such combined expertise. Has been used in the  full face transplant . But composite Mack who facial transplant. Those ', 'In the most extensive full face transplant to date. The plastic and reconstructive surgery team -- the given new face to a 37 year old man who had lost ', 'in the world that such combined expertise. Has been used in the full face transplant . But -- composite Mack who facial transplant. Those gains have -- tissues and muscles. And nerves that -- removes. Those muscle. Which ', 'Dallas Wiens met his bride, Jamie Nash, at a burn victim support group in Texas.', "donor the young father is the recipient of the first  full face transplant  here. In the US first time in American history Dallas doctors gave GMA an exclusive look at the first  full face transplant  in the US but he's not interested in the history ", 'to a donor the young father is the recipient of the first full face transplant here. In the US first time in American history Dallas Wien says He went through it for his precious little girl. In ', "Person Allison is doctors gave GMA an exclusive look at the first full face transplant in the US but he's not interested in the history books for Dallas there was only one motivation. Including room. Rock Star ", 'transplanted in really feel much operation is only the fourth  face transplant  in the United States and three have been in Boston. Just years since James MacKey became the first man to undergo a  face transplant  and pregnant women. Everyone is really unique ten years ', "transplanted in -- really feel much -- operation is only the fourth face transplant in the United States and three have been in Boston. Just last month deductible comic led the team that gave Dallas Weems a new face. And it's been two years since James MacKey became the first man to undergo a face transplant and pregnant women. Everyone is really unique ten years from now this might be an everyday occurrence transforming from bad to someone ", "reason for you that precious little girl of and the doctor Mohawk. Just explain to us again. How this works a complete  face transplant . Well it's it is probably the most complicated surgery that are we can do these days and it's. Complex because we ", "-- Mohawk. Just explain to us again. How this works a complete face transplant . Well it's it is probably the most complicated surgery -- that are we can do these days and it's. Complex because we "]