['According to a recent survey by the Society for Human Resource Management, 60 percent of the 430 companies responding said they examine the credit files of some or all job candidates. This is almost always done when the job involves financial or fiduciary responsibility, such as banking, accounting or handling cash. Credit checks are also required about half the time for senior executive positions.', 'The name, address, and phone number of the company that supplied the credit report or background information.', 'The survey shows potential candidates are likely to be passed over if they have outstanding judgments, accounts in collection or a bankruptcy in their file. ', 'Because of the poor economy, millions of people have been forced to deal with long-term unemployment. Some have managed by paying bills a little late. Others have filed for bankruptcy protection. All of this will show up on their credit reports.', 'Remember, the employer cannot check your credit report unless you provide your Social Security number and give written permission. While you can say no, the reality is that it will probably cost you the job.', 'If you say yes, rest assured the company will not get your credit score and will not have access to individual account numbers. The report will list where you lived, the credit accounts you have (or had), late payments, collections, bankruptcies and foreclosures.', 'In California, where the unemployment rate is more than 12 percent, the legislature is considering a bill (AB 482) that would ban the routine use of credit reports during the hiring process. It would still allow some pre-employment credit checks: for jobs that involve access to confidential information, money or other assets, as well as law enforcement and management positions.', 'When the Maryland legislature convenes in January, Sen. Mike Lenett (D) plans to re-introduce a bill to ban most pre-employment credit checks. Right now, 220,000 people in his state are unemployed. ', 'Employers need to make sure they find the right candidate for the job. I understand that. And when the job involves sensitive information or money, I can see the justification for using every screening tool at your disposal, including a credit check.', 'As far as I can tell, there is no demonstrated correlation between credit history and successful job performance. A person with credit problems might be more motivated to do good work.']