['men who have sex with men can donate blood if they abstain from sex for a certain period of time. In 2010 an  FDA Advisory Committee  on Blood Safety found that the current ban on gay men as blood donors was "suboptimal" but voted to keep the ', "caused the outbreak. The Scenic Fruit Company's recalled pomegranate kernels also came from Turkey, according to the  FDA recall . Hepatitis A is fatal to one in 200 patients, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. It is usually ", 'An  FDA advisory  panel has voted in favor of a vaccine against the highly pathogenic H5N1 avian flu that would be stockpiled and used in case of ', 'payments from Medtronic to the doctors. The Infuse Story In January 2002, Dr. Hal Mathews spoke glowingly about Infuse to a  FDA advisory  panel that was considering whether to recommend approval of the product. Mathews, then a Richmond, Va. spine surgeon ', 'tolerated. These results suggest that Quad will be an important new option for HIV treatment if it is approved." An  FDA advisory committee  met in May to review data on the Quad and voted in favor of its approval. A final decision by the FDA is expected ', 'WASHINGTON -- An  FDA advisory  panel considering an investigational drug to treat a rare nerve disorder agreed that a study of the drug, Vyndaqel, did not provide ', 'SILVER SPRING, Md. -- An  FDA advisory committee  has voted 18-4, with cardiovascular complications. An  FDA advisory committee  recommended in March 2012 cardiovascular side effects and an  FDA advisory committee  endorsed approval by a 20-2 ', 'colonization (the presence of bacteria at a site without any signs of infection) or infection, but the risk remains present," the  FDA alert  said. It warned that biopsies can let bacteria get into tissues, causing an abscess or severe bloodstream infection called ', 'anytime in the near future. An  FDA advisory  panel of seven women and four a little bit about what the  FDA advisory . Panel determined this drug is not the  FDA advisory committee  their job is to look at the ', "female Viagra will not be available anytime in the near future. An FDA advisory panel of seven women and four men unanimously voted against approval of the drug. The drug is designed to help pre menopausal women by boosting their sexual libido the FDA however is not convinced. Here with the latest update -- doctor Kieran Boyle. Doctor -- thanks so much for joining us again great being -- him -- a little bit about what the FDA advisory . Panel determined this drug is not -- -- the FDA advisory committee their job is to look at the drug and okay isn't -- factor and it that they. And -- they look at ", "at Wal-Mart now is walking anywhere. Like in any city in the country and. Didn't drugs. Still today an  FDA advisory committee  voted to keep these cough medicines available prescription in keeping with the industry group position. The industry ", "in any city in the country and. Didn't drugs. Still today an FDA advisory committee voted to keep these cough medicines available -- -- -- prescription in keeping with the industry group position. The industry says the ", "you know thank you just walking anywhere. Like in any city in the country and. Didn't drug. Still today an  FDA advisory committee  voted to keep these cough medicines available prescription in keeping with the industry group position. The industry ", "in any city in the country and. Didn't drug. Still today an FDA advisory committee voted to keep these cough medicines available -- -- -- prescription in keeping with the industry group position. The industry says they ", 'also seemed to carry a higher risk of stroke and heart failure. The news comes only a couple of weeks before an  FDA advisory committee  will meet to decide the fate of this popular diabetes drug. Considering that heart disease is already a leading ', 'heart failure. The news comes only a couple of weeks before an FDA advisory committee will meet to decide the fate of this popular diabetes drug. Considering that heart disease is already a leading cause of death ', 'important jobs. I want to take advantage of another area of your expertise says you know a drug called Was before the  FDA advisory committee  yesterday they decided not to recommend approval. Because of concerns about increased risks for suicidal thoughts ', 'expertise says you know a drug called -- -- Was before the FDA advisory committee yesterday they decided not to recommend approval. Because of concerns about increased risks for suicidal thoughts and may be other -- -- ']