['Shady business practices are just part of the problem. We consumers seem to get no help from governmental agencies created to be our advocates.', 'That was the most inspiring article I have read in a while. I thought I was the only one who felt like companies are ripping people off and the government -- who is suppose to protect us -- is doing nothing at all. I hope this article is the beginning of changes in this country and that the government starts protecting the American people here and now. Thanks.', "I'm mad as hell and I am not going to take it anymore. That should be every consumers mantra. I am sorry, but I let them know it. If they don't say thank you, I say it to them and remind them they are to say it. If it says free, then it is free. ", 'Regarding your commentary "Whatever happened to customer service?" 1. It went to India. 2. It went to "Please listen carefully to the menu options as they have recently changed". 3. It went when you have to press 1 for English. 4. It went to India, halfway across the world. 5. It went into the cheap, greedy, short sighted CEO\'s pocket.', 'I am so annoyed by \'up-selling\' at the cash register in retail businesses that I cringe when I have to check-out. Even the post office is engaging in this blatantly greedy practice. I attempted to mail a package, economically, and was so confused by the options pushed upon me by a surprisingly fast-talking postal clerk that I ended up paying for expedited service without being told it was expedited. I made it clear that I did not want to pay for next-day, second-day or any other pricey option. The postal clerk also lied about the cost of insurance and she finalized the whole transaction with a cheery "How about some stamps today?" Ugh. Is there anything a consumer can do to stop the hustling at the register? An employee at a movie store who was up-selling apologized and added that the corporation said they HAD to push additional "offers". If retailers only knew what a turn-off this is for consumers.', 'To some degree, I agree with what you say. But at the same time, I have to disagree. You say that consumers are not asking for much, that they are just asking for ads to be true and companies to treat us fairly. Well, I work in retail and I have to tell you, that these are not the only things that consumers are asking for. They are asking for anything they can possibly get out a company. They\'re demanding more and more and we let them because (and this article proves it) we\'ve created a vicious cycle. Consumer asks, we give. Consumer demands, we give. Consumer is rude, obnoxious, threatens to never come back and then tell their friends not to shop there, we give. How\'s it going to stop? Now, I\'ve had my share of customer service problems, but does this all come down to the companies values or our greedy "I\'m always right" attitude? I have to tell you, that lately, I\'ve seen first hand that it\'s the attitude and it\'s only going to get worse.']