['from the AP that French doctors have performed a  partial face transplant . On a 27 year old man they said he suffered from think that the partial transplant really is the  face transplant . I know you have a model with you to show us ', "So right now I think that the partial transplant really is the face transplant . I know you have a model with you to show us. Kind of technically in simple terms what's involved and if you ", 'In the most extensive  full face transplant  to date. The plastic and reconstructive surgery such combined expertise. Has been used in the  full face transplant . But composite Mack who facial transplant. Those ', 'In the most extensive full face transplant to date. The plastic and reconstructive surgery team -- the given new face to a 37 year old man who had lost ', 'in the world that such combined expertise. Has been used in the full face transplant . But -- composite Mack who facial transplant. Those gains have -- tissues and muscles. And nerves that -- removes. Those muscle. Which ', 'Dallas Wiens met his bride, Jamie Nash, at a burn victim support group in Texas.', "donor the young father is the recipient of the first  full face transplant  here. In the US first time in American history Dallas doctors gave GMA an exclusive look at the first  full face transplant  in the US but he's not interested in the history ", 'to a donor the young father is the recipient of the first full face transplant here. In the US first time in American history Dallas Wien says He went through it for his precious little girl. In ', "Person Allison is doctors gave GMA an exclusive look at the first full face transplant in the US but he's not interested in the history books for Dallas there was only one motivation. Including room. Rock Star ", 'transplanted in really feel much operation is only the fourth  face transplant  in the United States and three have been in Boston. Just years since James MacKey became the first man to undergo a  face transplant  and pregnant women. Everyone is really unique ten years ', "transplanted in -- really feel much -- operation is only the fourth face transplant in the United States and three have been in Boston. Just last month deductible comic led the team that gave Dallas Weems a new face. And it's been two years since James MacKey became the first man to undergo a face transplant and pregnant women. Everyone is really unique ten years from now this might be an everyday occurrence transforming from bad to someone ", "reason for you that precious little girl of and the doctor Mohawk. Just explain to us again. How this works a complete  face transplant . Well it's it is probably the most complicated surgery that are we can do these days and it's. Complex because we ", "-- Mohawk. Just explain to us again. How this works a complete face transplant . Well it's it is probably the most complicated surgery -- that are we can do these days and it's. Complex because we ", 'been given permission to proceed. With a so called  full face transplant  operation. Obviously raising again discussions about manner. Well I that the some of the controversy with  face transplant  was it was kind of done. Rather quickly without ', 'manner. Well I that the some of the controversy with -- -- face transplant was it was kind of done. Rather quickly without -- other options perhaps states the reconstruction and options we have for that ', 'In the most extensive  full face transplant  to date. The plastic and reconstructive surgery such combined expertise. Has been used in a  full face transplant . But fitful composite Mack who facial transplant ', 'In the most extensive full face transplant to date. The plastic and reconstructive surgery team -- the given new face to a 37 year old man who had lost ', 'in the world but such combined expertise. Has been used in a full face transplant . But fitful composite Mack who facial transplant. -- -- have -- issue. The muscles. And nerves that -- removes. Those muscle. Which ', 'In the most extensive  full face transplant  to date. The plastic and reconstructive surgery such combined expertise. Has been used in a  full face transplant . But fitful composite Mack who facial transplant ', 'In the most extensive full face transplant to date. The plastic and reconstructive surgery team -- the given new face to a 37 year old man who had lost ', 'in the world but such combined expertise. Has been used in a full face transplant . But fitful composite Mack who facial transplant. -- -- have -- issue. The muscles. And nerves that -- removes. Those muscle. Which ', "As you'll see in some of these graphic images  face transplant . Simply gave her life and now for the first time the Cleveland clinic performed the nation's first  full face transplant  it. Over the years we have been so moved and inspired ", "know well. As you'll see in some of these graphic images -- face transplant . Simply gave her -- life and now for the first time she's had a chance to say thank you. The donor -- like. You. You may remember Connie -- For -- life was fairly life after she had been shot in the face by her husband. Doctors at the Cleveland clinic performed the nation's first full face transplant it. Over the years we have been so moved and inspired. By her choice. For money donate -- it is -- You ", "A record breaking  face transplant  in Poland but we want to warn you about the pictures you're risk for life threatening infection so doctors acted quickly.  Face transplant  recipient usually have to wait between one and seven years ", "A record breaking face transplant in Poland but we want to warn you about the pictures you're about to see just three weeks after a workplace accident left a 33 year old man severely disfigured surgeons there is successfully performed life saving and life altering surgery a stone cutting -- -- the man's face so badly it couldn't be reattached. He was at risk for life threatening infection so doctors acted quickly. Face transplant recipient usually have to wait between one and seven years. ", "use that computer out of nowhere he ripped does face of his owner's friend Charlotte Nash. He later received a  full face transplant . One of the most stunning aspects of the Andrew case is that despite the extent of his injuries. His friends ", '-- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- He later received a full face transplant . One of the most stunning aspects of the Andrew -- case is that despite the extent of his injuries. His friends and ', "being shot by your husband. She received the first  full face transplant  in the US and just in the past few days. She was Cleveland clinic performed the nation's first  full face transplant . Over the years we have been so moved and inspired ", "Culp disfigured after being shot by your husband. She received the first full face transplant in the US and just in the past few days. She was finally able to say thank you to the family that made her new life possible. Here's Diane Sawyer. You may remember Connie -- After she had been shot in the face by her husband doctors at the Cleveland clinic performed the nation's first full face transplant . Over the years we have been so moved and inspired. By her choice. Let me go -- -- Do you know anything ", "We'll. users the senator Frist. Race. He gets to the soul. Who speed we're going to perform only the second  face transplant  ever. Get me. We're getting close. A I was. I've face. My dad was Centennial. See himself getting.", "the soul. Who -- speed we're going to perform only the second face transplant ever. Get me. We're getting close. A I was. I've -- -- face. My dad was -- Centennial. See himself getting. ", "Blagojevich sought to trade sell an appointment to president Obama's vacated senate seat. The nation's first  full face transplant  recipient said the first thing his young daughter said to him when she saw him after the operation. Was daddy ", "sell an appointment to president Obama's vacated senate seat. The nation's first full face transplant recipient said the first thing his young daughter said to him when she saw him after the operation. Was daddy you're so ", "successful transition. To democracy. And accurate home hospital in Boston has performed the nation's first  full face transplant . The patient is a 25 rural Texas construction worker who was badly disfigured in a power line accident two years ", "And accurate home -- hospital in Boston has performed the nation's first full face transplant . The patient is a 25 rural Texas construction worker who was badly disfigured in a power line accident two years ago. More ", "tells the story of America's second  face transplant  surgery. A seventeen hour operation protocol was even thinking about doing  face transplant  so wasn't something that I was prepared and so people who are waiting for  face transplant  are really waiting to to get their ", "lives the new book the match tells the story of America's second face transplant surgery. A seventeen hour operation the restored life to a massively disfigured man. The book was written by Susan -- Helfgott the ", "had even -- Had a protocol -- was even thinking about doing face transplant so wasn't something that I was prepared for I don't think anybody would ever be prepared for that question how to -- ", 'life his. -- very difficult and so people who are waiting for face transplant are really waiting to to get their -- back and how they look becomes. Of less importance than we would probably think ']