["News from London tonight from actress Judy she has revealed she's been diagnosed with degeneration a disease that can cause blindness. The actress says she now gets help reading her movie descriptions like her story along with a the new science behind the condition that affects so many here's Kelly", "clearly show any significant risk. But obesity has on  cataract  formation. There are some recent studies showing that obesity is a risk factor for other problems such as  macular degeneration . And involving the But as far as cataracts. There's ", "doesn't seem to clearly show any significant risk. But obesity has on cataract formation. There are some recent studies showing that obesity is a risk factor for other problems such as macular degeneration . And involving the -- -- But as far as cataracts. There's no clear cut. Association. ", "Doctors age related immaculate degeneration by looking at the so to do that you know first we check the vision of the patient to see how well they can see in separately. And then we put drops in to dilate the pupils of the leaking get a really good look at the retina. What we're looking for is it", 'The cause of age related and actually generation is still largely unknown. We know there are a number of risk factors which are not controllable and there are some which are liable. Such as dietary intake avoidance of smoking. There have been large studies which have shown that certain anti toxins.', "Asian native Mac duty generation is a progressive disorder the retina. Which affects the central vision. Affecting an individual's ability to read to drive to see faces. Estimates are as many as one 30% of individuals. Older than 75 years of age in this country. Maybe effective with some form of", 'Try. Age related generation involves the accumulation of certain proteins under the These proteins. Which come from the recycling of the rods and cones. Are normally broken down by the layer of cells underneath the retina that With age. These cells lose their ability to recycle the proteins and so', "We recognize the risk factors trade related generation. Include. Caucasian ancestry. We know that there is a propensity in. People with blond haired blue eyes. There's seems to be an increased incidence in women as well. Hypertension and smoking are also significant risk factors.", "We'll learn a specific foods which have been shown to increase the risk of age related Mac to a new generation. We know that diets which are very high end. Sugars. And had a referred to as having high by index may contribute to development this disease. In addition we know that diets which are very", 'The relationship between sun exposure to Asia Mac regeneration is a controversial. Area there have been studies which show. Both sides. As to whether it contributes or whether it does not contribute. There appears to be the possibility that sun can contribute to worsening of this condition. By', 'There are a number of foods which contained. Anti oxidant. Which may be protective in terms of development or progression of this disease. These include. Vegetables fruits ones which are rich in. Crowd noise and anti accidents. In addition. Diets which are rich in fish may be protective since fish', "pressure goes up that causes  glaucoma . With canal analysis some incredible are not a cure we don't cure  glaucoma  likely take out a  cataract . But it's critical to control are set. Being able to treat  glaucoma  from a surgical standpoint so ", "is a new treatment that may offer hope to people suffering from glaucoma complications. It's called -- classy and originated tell us about this new procedure is doctor Bradford Singleton a surgical ophthalmologist. -- doctor ", "there's certain groups of people that are at higher risk for developing glaucoma Stanley history of -- important. Actually -- history is very important it very much is directly related to age the older. People get the more commonly glaucoma is but age is an issue there -- certain associated findings such as diabetes and other changes in the eyes so it's ", "the majority of people use medications and this is controlled most of glaucoma for most people. The issue with medication as you might guess there they can be irritating to the -- they're costly and ", "daily aspirin could be linked to a small increase in  macular degeneration . A lot of questions tonight. Abc's chief medical 15 years and found that aspirin doubled your risk of  macular degeneration , which causes blindness. The risk is small. 3.5 ", "journal says daily aspirin could be linked to a small increase in macular degeneration . A lot of questions tonight. Abc's chief medical editor dr. Richard besser is here. So, exactly how much? Reporter: Well, it was a study out of australia. They looked at 2,400 people for 15 years and found that aspirin doubled your risk of macular degeneration , which causes blindness. The risk is small. 3.5%. If you add that to aspirin causing internal bleeding, you have to make sure ", 'patient. Considering surgery needs to know that there is a rare. But possible risk of things such as infection. Bleeding.  Glaucoma . And retinal detachment. Clouding of the cornea. Accumulation of fluid. In the center of the known as the up. Occasionally ', 'is a rare. But possible risk of things such as infection. Bleeding. Glaucoma . And retinal detachment. Clouding of the cornea. Accumulation of fluid. In the center of the -- known as the -- -- up. ', "that these are usually isolated circumstances. As with any filtration or signals are Bleeding infection. Acceleration of  cataract  growth. Can be some of the complications. And in some cases these complications can be very serious it's important to consider ", "As with any filtration or signals are -- Bleeding infection. Acceleration of cataract growth. Can be some of the complications. And in some cases these complications can be very serious it's important to consider. The ", 'Glaucoma  can be debilitating but like many conditions like to live with the disease. As world  glaucoma  week kicks off doctor reverend Gregory into the world of someone leaving with  glaucoma . And the all eyes on  glaucoma  campaign ', "Glaucoma can be debilitating but like many conditions -- can be hard for those who do not suffer from it to understand what it's really like to live with the disease. As world glaucoma week kicks off doctor reverend Gregory Harmon an ophthalmologist. Is -- to give us a look into the world of someone leaving with glaucoma . And the all eyes on glaucoma campaign -- -- thanks much for being here today thank you for having me so those of us who are not familiar could you please give us the little. You little description of what exactly a -- and it's. Sure -- a coma is the leading cause of preventable blindness the key word is preventable. And one of the reasons we're here in the reasons for world glaucoma week is to make people understand that if they get their eyes examined. They can prevent the blindness associated with glaucoma . But it's a conditions actually -- group of conditions usually associated with elevated pressure inside the guy that damages the fragile optic nerve that connects the -- to the brain. And it's one of these conditions in which if you lower the -- pressure you can prevent that damage recurring and who -- at risk for getting up on. The incidents of glaucoma increases with increasing -- -- over age 45 -- an increased risk factor. The most substantial risk factors elevated -- pressure itself. ", "prevent it before the onset. There's really no way to actually prevent glaucoma you can avoid the blindness -- -- -- coma and -- preventable blindness. The most important thing that a person can do ", 'sneak thief of sight. Because it has -- sentence was common for glaucoma has -- -- no symptoms until very late in the disease. The typically what happens as the fragile nerve is damaged the ', 'Most people have primary open angle  glaucoma  and the risk factors that are people who have increased risk for primary open angle  glaucoma . And we also have lot of tension or normal tension  glaucoma . In this type of  glaucoma  He still have ', "Most people have primary open angle glaucoma and the risk factors that are people who are near -- it if you've ever had. Injury to your -- trauma if you're on steroids or prejudice -- individuals who are African Americans. Anyone over the age of sixty. And also the Hispanic population can also have increased risk for primary open angle glaucoma . And we also have lot of tension or normal tension glaucoma . In this type of glaucoma He still have that peripheral vision loss but in that type of glaucoma your pressure is normal under 21. And so for those people we look at other risk factors like to they have migraine ", 'other members of his family. Having  glaucoma  is a very strong risk factor however people in fact the majority of people with  glaucoma  to not have a family history of Therefore see in the central part of physician.  Glaucoma  took affects the purple vision first ', "particular family history or previous or other members of his family. Having glaucoma is a very strong risk factor however many people in fact the majority of people with glaucoma to not have a family history of -- Therefore although it's an important risk factor it doesn't mean that you don't have ", "that extends beyond what you see in the central part of physician. Glaucoma took -- affects the purple vision first and that's why it's important to mention that. ", 'The main drug. That is associated with  cataract  formation is in fact to court a group. Steroids sufficiently high dosage. Typically opposed sub  cataract . Posters of were  cataract  will developed. There are other medicines. That ', 'The main drug. That is associated with cataract formation is in fact to court a group. Steroids and specifically a pregnant zone is the most common in this classification. After a prolonged use. Overall a long period of time at a sufficiently high dosage. Typically opposed -- sub cataract . Posters of -- were cataract will developed. There are other medicines. That were originally thought to have an increased risk of a cause cataracts which is Staten ', 'A  cataract  is a clouding of the natural lens. In secondary to cataracts. In this country. Cut  cataract . Is rarely allowed to a progressed to And nearly three million Americans have  cataract  surgery. To cure this problem each year ', "A cataract is a clouding of the natural lens. In the -- and it it is extremely common. It is one of these most significant causes. Of treatable blindness worldwide it's estimated that it at least seventeen million people. Around the world have blindness -- secondary to cataracts. In this country. Cut cataract . Is rarely allowed to a progressed to the point where blindness occurs. And -- nearly three million Americans have cataract surgery. To cure this problem each year. "]