["specialized breast pathologists and surgeons. After Judy Valencia's diagnosis, she said she was told she had two choices: A  lumpectomy  to remove the cancerous portion or a mastectomy to remove her entire breast. Panicked because of her family history, she ", 'Breast Cancer Patients Opting for Lumpectomy  or Partial Mastectomy Might Need 2nd Surgery, Says Study', 'Breast-conserving surgery, including  lumpectomy  and partial mastectomy, is a less radical would not recommend mastectomy over  lumpectomy  or partial mastectomy. "The breast different between women who undergo  lumpectomy  followed by radiation versus women who ', 'found a lump in her right breast during a self-exam. Although her surgeon told her the lump was small enough to have a  lumpectomy , Jaecks chose to have a double mastectomy without reconstructive surgery. "I\'m not neurotic but I knew that I would worry ', 'medical school the standard treatment for breast cancer was mastectomy, she said. Only after more women joined the field did  lumpectomy  become more the norm; jokingly she put this treatment of women with breast cancer in a focus men could understand, saying ', 'studied the Medicare records of more than 92,000 women age 67 and older whose invasive breast cancer had been treated with a  lumpectomy  and a subsequent course of radiation. Of those women, almost 86,000 received whole-breast irradiation and nearly 7 ', 'didn\'t want to risk it," Leiva said, explaining her decision to opt for the radical 13-hour surgery over the less invasive  lumpectomy . "These babies need to have their mother for a long time." After the surgery, she had six more rounds of chemo and seven ', 'from among surgeons and hospitals, researchers found.  Breast conservation surgery  is one of the most common cancer surgeries performed in two-thirds of breast cancer patients will undergo a  lumpectomy  and about one-quarter will undergo a second operation ', 'Nickles announced her diagnosis on her Facebook wall January 5, and told her followers that she had already undergone a  lumpectomy  and plans to soon begin chemotherapy and radiation. "I\'m sharing to encourage more of you to get your screenings!" Nickles ', 'Later that week, she had a double  lumpectomy . But the couple found out that the early-stage breast cancer, having a  lumpectomy  with radiation is equally as effective chance of getting it back. With another  lumpectomy , radiation and medication, I could ', 'breast cancer in October and had a double  lumpectomy  later that month. But her husband, Bill If I had chosen to just do another  lumpectomy  and then do radiation and then do anti-estrogen chance of getting it back. With another  lumpectomy , radiation and medication, I could have ', "treatment options. She could choose a  lumpectomy , but she wasn't willing to take the Surgery found that some women who need a  lumpectomy  or mastectomy have another safe option breast cancer is usually treated with a  lumpectomy  and has an excellent prognosis when ", "Radiation therapy after a  lumpectomy  reduces the risk of cancer recurrence the effects of radiation after a  lumpectomy . The research, done by the Early finding that radiation following  lumpectomy  is effective isn't new, the study ", 'having caught the cancer at an early stage. "I will be OK, because I found it early," she said. She will undergo a  lumpectomy  later this week, followed by six weeks of radiation therapy. "We are grateful that thanks to early detection, Giuliana ', 'Breast conservation surgery  quite simply is treatment for breast cancer without the loss considered breast conservation treatment in general this means a  lumpectomy  partial mastectomy. And most often this is followed by radiation ', 'Breast conservation surgery quite simply is treatment for breast cancer without the loss of the breast. Any treatment that does not involve removal of breast or mastectomy. Would be considered breast conservation treatment in general this means a lumpectomy -- partial mastectomy. And most often this is followed by radiation treatment to the -- Usually with a very good to excellent ', "long term follow up and women who had a  lumpectomy  as it is for women who have had mastectomy. The advantage of the  lumpectomy  is the woman gets to keep her breast it's reconstruction. which would not be required for a  lumpectomy .", "the same in long term follow up and women who had a lumpectomy as it is for women who have had mastectomy. The advantage of the lumpectomy is the woman gets to keep her breast it's -- more natural -- medical. However it does require the use of radiation which often will last about six weeks. The mastectomy gets the same survival and for many women does not requirement radiation afterward. However the woman has to deal with the loss of her breast and has to be there where prosthesis. Or perhaps go through -- reconstruction. -- which would not be required for a lumpectomy . ", "be necessary after what's called a  lumpectomy . Numbers the removal. Of the lump has called breast conservation. If a  lumpectomy  were so large. That it needed to be medical aspects. a poorly conceived  lumpectomy  just of the analysts say one had a  lumpectomy", "-- operations and reconstruction should never be necessary after what's called a lumpectomy . Numbers the removal. Of the lump in the breast -- tumor in her breast and then. Radiating their breast that's the combination of things has called breast conservation. If a lumpectomy were so large. That it needed to be accompanied by reconstruction. Than probably that patients should have had a mastectomy. A well done mastectomy. With a well done reconstruction. Is infinitely better both cosmetically and from the medical aspects. -- a poorly conceived lumpectomy just of the analysts say one had a lumpectomy . ", 'If more cancer is found during a  lumpectomy . And all the patient has agreed to is a that to me. The surgeon do either breast preserving procedure which would require a  lumpectomy . Or mastectomy which would is a large procedure. to go to ', 'If more cancer is found during a lumpectomy . And all the patient has agreed to is a -- that to me. The surgeon may try to. Increased the margins by ', 'you want to do either breast preserving procedure which would require a lumpectomy . Or mastectomy which would is a large procedure. -- to go to the operating room and do that procedure. If you do ', 'A  lumpectomy  is really generic term and it means removal of the law. Now nowadays. He stated the art is finding tumors before. We use a variety ', 'A lumpectomy is really -- generic term and it means removal of the law. Now nowadays. He stated the art is finding tumors before. ', 'As a general rule we try to do one  lumpectomy  do with the first time do it correctly and never have to do it again. But unfortunately under the microscope we may discover that ', 'As a general rule we try to do one lumpectomy do with the first time do it correctly and never have to do it again. But unfortunately under the microscope we may ']