['was Jamie Ruddocks, a college junior from California who, at the other end of the spectrum, was interested in a  breast reduction . "Having large breasts is a burden on me physically," said Ruddocks, 20, adding that she was teased mercilessly ', 'Munson, a burly 7-year-old English bulldog, has a secret: His testicles are fake. Neutered as a puppy , Munson (named after Larry Munson of Georgia Bulldog fame) got a pair of synthetic stand-ins to preserve his manly pride. Not his idea, of course, but his owner\'s. "A lot of dogs have a lot of', 'less common than lawsuits associated with breast reconstruction after cancer, rhinoplasty, breast enhancement and  breast reduction . A patient who sustains significant nerve damage that cannot be reversed "can ultimately become depressed over ', 'Airbrushing Makes Her \'Look Like a Hypocrite\' Although Wilkinson admitted she contemplated having liposuction and a  breast reduction , she never went through with any cosmetic surgery procedures. "After baby number two I am getting all that work ', "star Kanye West's 58-year-old mother, Donda West, died following complications linked to a tummy tuck and  breast reduction  . Despite high-profile cases like those of Hendry and West, deaths related to cosmetic surgery -- at least those ", 'TEXT: "A woman walks into a doctor\'s office and says: Doc, my back is killing me, does my insurance cover a  breast reduction ? The Doctor says, "Yes it does."" "A man walks into his doctor\'s office and says: Doc, I\'ve got trouble ', "Rap star Kanye West's mother, Donda West, had a tummy tuck and  breast reduction  performed by cosmetic surgeon Dr. Jan Adams before her death, according to the Web site TMZ.com. Adams told TMZ that he was ", 'reason for all the problems is clear when the aim of each procedure is considered. While mastopexy is often aimed at  breast reduction  -- essentially tightening up the tissues of the breast to eliminate a flabby, loose appearance -- the aim of breast ', 'Alisa says her breast milk brainchild was the inspiration of this woman, rachel holtzman, a vegan friend who had  breast reduction  surgery a few years before her pregnancy and was having trouble making milk for her son. I sought out vegan breast ', 'the inspiration of this woman, rachel holtzman, a vegan friend who had breast reduction surgery a few years before her pregnancy and was having trouble making milk for her son. I sought out vegan breast milk ', "about how you know he's really the only tracks and she might actually go to South America to the doctor to do the  breast reduction  for her. And you know I think that like. She really really is emphasized that she didn't understand how much ", "might actually go to South America to the doctor to do the breast reduction for her. And you know I think that like. She really really is emphasized that she didn't understand how much this would ", 'Gynecomastia often joked about, creating difficulty for those seeking treatment.', "people. That's right so well the only difference with Wanda Sykes is that she actually went into trying get a  breast reduction  and that's how she found out that she has this one. The gene that is effective. And so therefore she got this ", "with Wanda Sykes is that she actually went into trying get a breast reduction and that's how she found out that she has this -- one. -- -- The gene that is effective. And so therefore ", "cosmetic surgical procedures are actually going down. 2%. They're reading since that implant is still number one  breast reduction  permit. Are still number one among the surgical procedures but the not procedures are skyrocketing. And they're ", "down. 2%. They're reading since that implant is still number one -- breast reduction permit. Are still number one among the surgical procedures but the not -- -- procedures are skyrocketing. And they're doing this instead ", "fun, right? Hey. You got a nice personality. Would you get them if your mom told you too to? No, I'd get a  breast reduction . Hi, girls. Oh, hi. Lisa schultz is about to get married. She knows that moms can be tough. It wasn't like ", "them if your mom told you too to? No, I'd get a breast reduction . Hi, girls. Oh, hi. Lisa schultz is about to get married. She knows that moms can be tough. It wasn't like from ", "Reporter: Unlike calen, she's interested in a  breast reduction . Jamie was teased mercilessly in high school for a flippant decision. A classmate of mine had the  breast reduction  surgery. It changed her life. All right, paula ", "I'm a girl with hips. Reporter: Unlike calen, she's interested in a breast reduction . Jamie was teased mercilessly in high school for her ddd chest. But now, she's looking for the surgery to relief her excruci ", "This wasn't just a flippant decision. A classmate of mine had the breast reduction surgery. It changed her life. All right, paula. Thank you so much. "]