['accurate information about the changes in their bodies. A gynecologist will discuss acne, painful or irregular periods,  breast changes , pelvic pain, body hair, nutrition, sexual behavior, contraception and sexually transmitted diseases. It is also an ', 'discharge, and puckering, flaking or redness anywhere on the breast. The American Cancer Society urges men to discuss any  breast changes  with their doctors. Once a breast cancer diagnosis is made, the treatments are similar for men and women and include surgery ', 'years for women between the ages of 50 and 75. But for younger women -- the demographic targeted by Rethink Cancer --  breast changes  can signal a problem that should be followed up by a doctor. "I tell my patients, \'If you see a change, get it checked ', 'of surgery, gynecology, oncology and obstetrics at Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine. Pregnancy also causes  breast changes  that can mask the signs of cancer, delaying the diagnosis. "I think a key message for women having babies if they see ', 'for breast cancer screening is thought to be more sensitive than mammograms and therefore more likely to pick up subtle  breast changes  or early breast cancer and it is not associated with ionizing radiation. But we still do not have enough research on screening ', 'breast cancer screening is thought to be more sensitive than mammograms and, therefore, more likely to pick up subtle  breast changes  or early breast cancer and it is not associated with ionizing radiation. But we still do not have enough research on screening ', 'while the lower back muscles tend to shorten, resulting in a sway back -- or lordotic -- posture. The weight of the  growing breasts  tends to pull the shoulders into a forward position, resulting in a slouched posture of the upper back. The chest muscles ', 'better (or worse, according to this panel of experts) doctors perform than women in finding subtle but potentially serious  breast changes . It is interesting to me that no one picked up on this part of the study. I doubt anyone would suggest that clinical breast ', "breastfed at least once. Researchers analyzed each woman's medical history, height and weight, smoking habits, and pre- pregnancy bra  cup size. They found no difference in extent of breast sagginess between women who'd breastfed and those who hadn't ", "breastfed at least once. Researchers analyzed each woman's medical history, height and weight, smoking habits, and pre- pregnancy bra  cup size. They found no difference in extent of breast sagginess between women who'd breastfed and those who hadn't ", 'More information Please see http://www.centerwatch.com/patient/studies/cat700.html . -----  Fibrocystic Breast  Disease Women with breast pain are invited to participate in this clinical study of an investigational drug ', 'patient/studies/cat29.html . -----  Fibrocystic Breast  Disease This study will evaluate cyclic breast with the menstrual cycle in women diagnosed with  fibrocystic breast  disease. Women 18-50 with normal thyroid function ', "do is stand in front of the mirror, and you're going to look for changes -- changes in the size or the shape of your  breast ,  changes  in the texture. You might see an orange peel effect. You might notice other changes, such as increased visualization ", 'pressed what you wanna do is stand in front of them here. And you can look for changes changes in the size with appear  breast changes  in the texture you might see an orange effect. You might notice other changes such as increase. Visualization of your ', 'can look for changes changes in the size with -- -- appear breast changes in the texture you might see an orange -- effect. You might notice other changes such as increase. Visualization of your veins ']