['calories," explains  Bruce Spiegelman , the senior author of This could be why more  brown fat  and perhaps more beige genetically distinct from " brown fat " another type of fat key difference is that  brown fat  cells express high levels ', 'called brown adipose tissue, or  brown fat , and is naturally found in humans it. Past trials have shown that  brown fat  can be stimulated in mice, showing scientists predicted would activate the  brown fat . The team tested 10 study participants ', 'faster metabolism than normal mice. They burned fat calories more efficiently," said Piomelli. Specifically their  brown fat , a type of fat that keeps mammals warm, became hyperactive, converting to heat much quicker than in normal mice. Despite ', "better than the concept of  calorie - burning  fat - in other words today's headlines about  brown fat  are getting a fair bit foreseeable future. True,  brown fat  sounds great as a concept to produce this heat,  brown fat  burns calories. This ", 'other obesity-related diseases.  Brown fat  acts like muscle -- it contains maintaining body temperature. The  brown fat  is naturally lost as people age were able to turn white fat into  brown fat  by blocking a natural chemical in ', 'of men to cold. One group had brown adipose tissue and the other didn\'t. "They found that in people that had the  brown fat  , energy expenditure went up 400 more calories per day when they were exposed to cold," said Klauer. "They were using ', 'succeeded in making  brown fat  out of mouse and type 2 diabetes.  Brown fat  is "good" fat tend to be. " Brown fat  is necessary for humans have a lot of  brown fat , contrary to previous senior author Dr.  Bruce Spiegelman , a professor of ', 'tissue from stem cells taken from the  brown fat  tissue of mice. They then injected create a biological pacemaker."  Brown fat  tissue is a source of mesenchymal cells. "Our findings suggest that  brown - fat -derived mesenchymal stem cells ', "note of the brown revolution -- the  brown fat  revolution, that is. Three separate experts say. That's because  brown fat  helps regulate body temperature by experts, insights on how to tweak  brown fat 's magic qualities could lead to ", 'helps promote development of "good"  brown fat  that helps burn calories and plays By contrast, the main role of  brown fat  is to burn calories by generating heat.  Brown fat  cells largely disappear by adulthood ', 'journal, a research team led by  Bruce Spiegelman  of the Dana-Farber Cancer production of so-called " brown fat " in mice.  Brown fat  is a type of fat that actually obesity caused by overeating. " Brown fat  is present in mice and in human ', 'say He explained is what exactly  brown fat  is experts as the white fat. On  brown fat  is a type of metabolic me active fairly recently that as Are levels of  brown fat  deep But recent studies have shown ', "The first thing to say He explained is what exactly brown fat is experts as the white fat. On brown fat is a type of metabolic me active fat that's typically found in newborns it was not up until fairly recently that as -- -- Are levels of brown fat deep -- But recent studies have shown that adults still have stores of brown fat primarily in casting Nat -- White fat is the kind of fat that we all think about when -- when here fat ", "white fat. It's kind of evil to  brown fat  which actually burns calories. And fortunately we lose  brown fat  as we age and we can't get backed or exercise. But in theory more  brown fat  would make you burn more calories ", "never ending struggle that's white fat. It's kind of evil -- to brown fat which actually burns calories. And fortunately we lose brown fat as we age and we can't get backed by diet or exercise. But in theory more brown fat would make you burn more calories and lose more white. The authors of a study in the journal cell metabolism. Report that in experiments on mice they decreased their white -- By partially transforming it to brown fat and muscle. The vice gained less weight and showed improved blood sugar levels and insulin tolerance. The technique is a long way ", "the wall. I said that that's almost them do. The secret weapon the cold. It appears to activate certain fat called  brown fat  which acts like a furnace heating up the body causing it to burn calories. Scientists believe just standing in this ice ", 'The secret weapon the cold. It appears to activate certain fat called brown fat which acts like a furnace heating up the body causing it to burn calories. Scientists believe just standing in this ice cold ']