['Ohio State began a new era Saturday with a ranked Buckeyes pounded out a 42-0 victory over Akron at the Horseshoe.Quarterback Joe Bauserman threw three touchdown pas...', "Urban Meyer may not know the brutal details of all those previous Ohio State-Indiana games.Really, there's no need to.With a first-year coach at Ohio State, a second...", 'Up 22-14 with 47 seconds left, Purdue watches as No. 7 Ohio State  revives for 29-22 win in OT', "After two landslide defeats, losing a close one didn't feel any better to Purdue.Caleb TerBush and the Boilermakers had No. 7 Ohio State right where they wanted. The...", "What birthday? No time for celebrating for Penn State's O'Brien with No. 9 Buckeyes  next", "Didn't get Bill O'Brien a birthday gift? Don't worry, he won't mind one bit.Penn State's first-year coach is so focused getting his team ready for Saturday's Big Ten...", "Pelini 'disappointed' after Nebraska's turnovers, mistakes add up to 63-38 loss to Ohio State ", 'Bo Pelini said his Nebraska Cornhuskers can\'t afford another slip-up."As I just told the football team, we need to win out," Pelini said after a night of mistakes, b...', "Nebraska's Martinez, Ohio State's  Miller to trade scrambles in game between Big Ten contenders", 'In preparing for its game on Saturday night against No. 21 Nebraska and quarterback Taylor Martinez, Ohio State found the perfect surrogate.The 12th-ranked Buckeyes ...', "For 90 years, Ohio State has stayed unbeaten against every in-state opponent it's played.On Saturday at Ohio Stadium, the streak nearly snapped.John Simon pressured ...", 'Kenny Guiton took over for an injured Braxton Miller and led Ohio State to a tying touchdown and two-point conversion with only three seconds to play in regulation b...', 'With big rival games ahead, No. 6 Ohio State  still has a shot at posting a perfect season', "Victory doesn't cover up all of Ohio State's  concerns and problems heading into Penn State", "In the jubilation that followed Ohio State's strain-the-imagination win over Purdue on Saturday, several important considerations were pushed into the background.Yes...", 'While No. 6 Ohio State  wants to stay perfect, hurting Illini looking for anything positive', 'To outside observers, it looks like a mismatch.No. 6 Ohio State is 10-0, can clinch a share of the title in its Big Ten division and can keep alive any flickering ho...', 'Braxton Miller threw a 72-yard touchdown pass to Devin Smith late in the fourth quarter to lift 12th-ranked Ohio State to a 35-28 victory over California.Miller led ...', "Nathan Scheelhaase thought a little bit about what might have been had Terrelle Pryor stayed at Ohio State and been behind center for Saturday's matchup with No. 16 ...", 'They get all the attention and for good reason. A playmaker under center can be the difference in reaching a BCS bowl game. With that in mind, here is a list of the ...', 'Fifth-year senior Joe Bauserman is likely to opener against Akron.Bauserman and freshman Braxton Miller are both listed first on the depth chart, but new head coach ...', 'East recruiting talent starts in Ohio, where Ohio State  tries to keep prospects in-state', 'The state of Ohio has its share of high school football talent and the Ohio State Buckeyes do their best to make sure those prospects stay home.Eleven players from t...', 'New coach, lots of holes to fill, NCAA problems: Ohio State  gears up for uncertain future', "The 2010 season was vacated. The head coach's job was vacated. Now a bunch of 20-somethings coming off summer vacation are left with the previously unfathomable task...", "Urban Meyer won't tolerate anybody on his first Ohio State team who won't compete.When Ohio State's spring practices kick off on Wednesday, Meyer plans on turning th...", 'Call them The Replacements.In its season opener, No. 15 Ohio State found itself relying heavily on several players who few might have expected to be such integral pa...', 'Denard Robinson accounted for five touchdowns, helping No. 17 Michigan beat Ohio State 40-34 on Saturday and snap a school-record, seven-game losing streak in the ri...']