["long term follow up and women who had a  lumpectomy  as it is for women who have had mastectomy. The advantage of the  lumpectomy  is the woman gets to keep her breast it's reconstruction. which would not be required for a  lumpectomy .", "the same in long term follow up and women who had a lumpectomy as it is for women who have had mastectomy. The advantage of the lumpectomy is the woman gets to keep her breast it's -- more natural -- medical. However it does require the use of radiation which often will last about six weeks. The mastectomy gets the same survival and for many women does not requirement radiation afterward. However the woman has to deal with the loss of her breast and has to be there where prosthesis. Or perhaps go through -- reconstruction. -- which would not be required for a lumpectomy . ", "be necessary after what's called a  lumpectomy . Numbers the removal. Of the lump has called breast conservation. If a  lumpectomy  were so large. That it needed to be medical aspects. a poorly conceived  lumpectomy  just of the analysts say one had a  lumpectomy", "-- operations and reconstruction should never be necessary after what's called a lumpectomy . Numbers the removal. Of the lump in the breast -- tumor in her breast and then. Radiating their breast that's the combination of things has called breast conservation. If a lumpectomy were so large. That it needed to be accompanied by reconstruction. Than probably that patients should have had a mastectomy. A well done mastectomy. With a well done reconstruction. Is infinitely better both cosmetically and from the medical aspects. -- a poorly conceived lumpectomy just of the analysts say one had a lumpectomy . ", 'If more cancer is found during a  lumpectomy . And all the patient has agreed to is a that to me. The surgeon do either breast preserving procedure which would require a  lumpectomy . Or mastectomy which would is a large procedure. to go to ', 'If more cancer is found during a lumpectomy . And all the patient has agreed to is a -- that to me. The surgeon may try to. Increased the margins by ', 'you want to do either breast preserving procedure which would require a lumpectomy . Or mastectomy which would is a large procedure. -- to go to the operating room and do that procedure. If you do ', 'A  lumpectomy  is really generic term and it means removal of the law. Now nowadays. He stated the art is finding tumors before. We use a variety ', 'A lumpectomy is really -- generic term and it means removal of the law. Now nowadays. He stated the art is finding tumors before. ', 'As a general rule we try to do one  lumpectomy  do with the first time do it correctly and never have to do it again. But unfortunately under the microscope we may discover that ', 'As a general rule we try to do one lumpectomy do with the first time do it correctly and never have to do it again. But unfortunately under the microscope we may ', "away from radical surgery. For most patients who do not need to remove the entire breast we can perform  breast conservation .  Surgery . As man he begins to replace acts very midsection. Wouldn't have the next big question on the drawing ", "who do not need to remove the entire breast we can perform breast conservation . Surgery . As -- -- man he begins to replace acts very midsection. Wouldn't have the next big question on the drawing board is ", "We've been recommending radiation after  lumpectomy . For the majority of women for the past benefit from radiation to the brass after  lumpectomy . We know that some women treated with  lumpectomy  or removal of everything we could see ", "We've been recommending radiation after lumpectomy . For the majority of women for the past thirty years because we note that radiation decreases the risk. Of the cancer coming back in the breast. There are few women that have particularly small tumors. Our may be older and may be very responsive to hormones that may not need -- that the majority of women benefit from radiation to the brass after lumpectomy . We know that some women treated with lumpectomy or removal of everything we could see about the -- still have residual cancer cells behind. We know that because without radiation. ", 'year could be misdiagnosed. Which brings us back to Judy Valencia. After her diagnosis she was told she had two choices a  lumpectomy  to removed a cancerous portion. Wore a mastectomy to remove her entire breast. Panic because of her family history Judy ', 'Valencia. After her diagnosis she was told she had two choices a lumpectomy to removed a cancerous portion. Wore a mastectomy to remove her entire breast. Panic because of her family history Judy chose the ', "where they have my goodness OK an update on that story that we told you. About earlier this week sick what underwent a double  lumpectomy  on Tuesday as part of her breast cancer treatment. Her husband 1 on a morning show and talked about it He said that she's ", 'you. About earlier this week -- -- sick what underwent a double lumpectomy on Tuesday as part of her breast cancer treatment. Her husband 1 on a morning show and talked about it He said ', "as harvested for stem cells which is then added to the other half and he injected into the Suzanne says twelve years ago a  lumpectomy  and radiation left to press There's two issues here one is surgery which there are elements which are still not FDA approved ", "and he injected into the -- Suzanne says twelve years ago a lumpectomy and radiation left to press -- -- There's two issues here one is -- surgery which there are elements which are still ", 'Oklahoma on guns positive than  lumpectomy  three weeks ago. And in between hit for Haiti on Friday had a  lumpectomy  on Monday. But some hockey games between and then two weeks after the  lumpectomy  I did the biking portion of a ', "it I -- -- it's the first Oklahoma on guns positive than lumpectomy three weeks ago. And in between -- -- the hit for Haiti -- they hit for Haiti on Friday had a lumpectomy on Monday. But some hockey games in between and then two weeks after the lumpectomy I did the biking portion of a triathlon. Did you wanna -- possible it is airport for you psychologically to get back ", "offered an asset OK you know what please do come for the lumpectomy I think us that Iraq 77 friends stick. I don't think. So it is important to get that support us for it ", 'tried to do here is in women. With breast cancer who needed a  lumpectomy . And they gave directed radiation therapy during the surgery. And they compare that to women who had  lumpectomy  who had the normal six weeks of daily radiation treatment ', 'to do here is in women. With breast cancer who needed a lumpectomy . And they gave directed radiation therapy during the surgery. And they compare that to women who had lumpectomy who had the normal six weeks of daily radiation treatment. And then file them overtime and they found that those who had ', "that surgery at least routinely sell radiation. But radiation of course is something that we've used routinely. After a  lumpectomy . Now for older women and in this study analyzed women over the age of seventy this of course can be problematic there are ", "But radiation of course is something that we've used routinely. After a lumpectomy . Now for older women and in this study analyzed women over the age of seventy this of course can be problematic there ", "soda since I was being the clinical. there looking at myself Teresa Heinz is no shrinking violet and as she's dealt with  lumpectomy  said both breasts with irradiation. Her strength is something her husband Senator John Kerry can attest to. I heard nickname ", "myself Teresa Heinz is no shrinking violet and as she's dealt with lumpectomy said both breasts with -- -- irradiation. Her strength is something her husband Senator John Kerry can attest to. I heard nickname ", "a mastectomy. Well yes and this is definitely a procedure that can help women that have had mastectomy. Patients who had  lumpectomy . Or had a little portion of their breast. We moved to breast tissue removed we're still trying to get better evidence ", "procedure that can help women that have had mastectomy. Patients who had lumpectomy . Or had a little portion of their breast. We moved to breast tissue removed we're still trying to get better evidence on ", 'thing that could happen to work but then the hospital overcharged her. They have to the lowest since Cynthia says before her  lumpectomy  the hospital told her the operation would cost 5000 dollars instead she got a bill for 121700. Dollars. Right in the middle ', 'They have to -- the lowest since -- Cynthia says before her lumpectomy the hospital told her the operation would cost 5000 dollars instead she got a bill for 121700. Dollars. Right in the middle ', 'single dose of radiation during some breast cancer surgeries could be just as effective. Normally after a woman undergoes a  lumpectomy  she has to visit radiation center five days a week. For anywhere from three to six getting a low shot of radiation each time ', 'surgeries could be just as effective. Normally after a woman undergoes a lumpectomy she has to visit -- radiation center five days a week. For anywhere from three to six -- getting a low shot ', "women should absolutely ignored those new guidelines keep going out and yet their mammogram she said. She's had several  lumpectomy  is she's doing she expects to be to 95%. Better health but she was really fired up about those those guidelines there ", "keep going out and yet their mammogram she said. She's had several lumpectomy is she's doing -- she expects to be to 95%. Better health but she was really fired up about those those guidelines "]