["Secretary of State's wife was rushed to the hospital while on vacation in Nantucket, Mass.", 'team trying to raise money for a friend that has  breast cancer . They were high school stars in the movie. But have to say thank you and bless you. Reporter:  Breast cancer survivor . And basketball player. And quite an actress ', 'a basketball team trying to raise money for a friend that has breast cancer . They were high school stars in the movie. But a while ago. So, they name themselves their team, the hot flashes. That\'s a great name for a team. Here\'s a sneak peek at one of our favorite scenes. Cameron mannheim\'s character scores an interview with "good morning america." It\'s a great cause. And we want to show the world that women our age have me. I\'m a cancer survivor myself. I have to say thank you and bless you. Reporter: Breast cancer survivor . And basketball player. And quite an actress. Playing myself. That was a stretch. We shot it down in new orleans. And it\'s ', 'her that was  breast cancer . Would Jessica gradient pearl a  breast cancer survivor . with the diagnosed with  breast cancer . And now with a start  breast cancer screening  and early never had a  mammogram . Ended up ', 'warning for women at high risk of carrying that gene for best breast cancer . There is numerous search from the MD Anderson Cancer Center showing that on average. They are getting sick nearly a decade younger ', "ignore it anymore. That's when another doctor told her that -- was breast cancer . Would Jessica didn't know until then was she inherited the so called bracket gene. Harmful mutations and former gradient pearl a breast cancer survivor . -- with the -- won -- bracket two mutation are five times more likely to be diagnosed with breast cancer . And now a provocative new study finds women who inherit that gene mutation. Are developing breast cancer earlier than ever 68 years earlier than the relatives they inherited it from. It's unclear why. Researchers are now examining whether it's environmental or reproductive factors -- if it's just -- we have better testing. Is it just because of screening or is it truly something in the gene that's doing. One appears the genes could be changing getting more aggressive. All right it's recommended that women with a -- start breast cancer screening and early at the age of 25. Jessica didn't know she'd have a mutation so she never had a mammogram . Ended up having keynote to her pregnancy. I try not to play the what if game. But you can't help it I ", 'developing  breast cancer . Official an annual  mammogram . And to risk for  breast cancer  they should is part of  breast cancer screening  should become she is a  breast cancer survivor  and has been not have a  breast cancer  diagnosis get your  mammogram  every here ', "general for women who are at normal -- standard risk of developing breast cancer . Official recommendations are to get an annual mammogram . And to visit your doctor right -- -- for any clinical breast examination. And are -- factors that put a woman at higher risk for breast cancer they should be aware of. Some of the traditional factors that we look to to identify women who are at very high risk of breast cancer . Include a striking family history of breast indoor ovarian cancer. Or women who have had health conditions in the past which could predispose them to breast cancer such as a history of hodgkin's disease. Or are receiving radiation therapy to the chest wall. Now we should all -- -- now include giving an MRI is part of breast cancer screening should become standard now. I think the importance of the recommendations front the American Cancer Society. Is that they highlight anything that we've made a lot of advances over the past several years in trying to find. Better ways to screen for breast cancer and higher risk individuals. We do have data from clinical trials looking at women. Who -- gene mutations that predispose to breast cancer . The BR CA one in two genes that have shown that MRIs in addition to standard tomography can be quite helpful. And that's for those women who carry those -- mutations or for whom their doctors think are at very high risk of breast cancer . Should be considering getting an MRI in addition to the standard mammograms. If a woman is not sure if she falls into ", "a regular basis as part. Screening and also evaluation of patients with breast cancer and to -- in general MRIs have been covered by insurance companies. Doctor -- already caught breast cancer in one breath how common is the occurrence of cancer in the opposite for us. We do know that for woman with a diagnosis of breast cancer on one side they are at -- slightly increased chance of developing breast cancer on the other side. However the chance overall is relatively -- And what would your reaction -- recently of course there's been news of public figures announcing a recurrence of their cancers we had Tony Snow we -- Elizabeth Edwards. -- Edwards obviously a breast cancer survival. What was your response and reaction to the fact and admit to her bone is is that comment. Unfortunately. In a certain percentage of women who are diagnosed with early stage breast cancer . They can experience a recurrence of their breast cancer either within the breast itself or elsewhere in the body as what's happened with -- -- words. Whether a breast cancer is going to come back depends on many individual factors relating to. The tumor itself and other aspects of the care. Personally ", "bit different then all American women in that she she is a breast cancer survivor and has been monitored closely by her doctor. Four women who do not have a breast cancer diagnosis but who are interested in doing everything possible. To try to see if they have breast cancer -- make sure they don't have it. Again that the standard recommendation would be to get your mammogram every here and a follow up regularly with your doctor for breast examination. An army saying more recurrence -- a breast cancer being detected in women are their certain patterns that you're seeing -- -- now that may believe -- just ten years ago. I think the trend nowadays is recognizing that breast cancer is not all one disease. But is actually quite heterogeneous and there are many different some types of breast cancer . Some of which were -- in patterns which are rather characteristic. And others tend to have different patterns and so we're learning ", "43-year-old embraced his family. Which has gone through so much. Four years ago, mickelson's wife amy was diagnosed with  breast cancer . Just a few weeks later, his mother was as well. Despite the heartache, he won his third masters the next year and went ", "through so much. Four years ago, mickelson's wife amy was diagnosed with breast cancer . Just a few weeks later, his mother was as well. Despite the heartache, he won his third masters the next year and ", "voice was trembling I couldn't say anything and my mother just said. They found something. My gut told me that I had  breast cancer . My sister made them look that mean there Ehrlich but my youngest of the doctor call. And then bursts. And I was a flick ", 'just said. They found something. My gut told me that I had breast cancer . My sister made them look that mean there Ehrlich but my youngest of the doctor call. And then -- bursts. And I ', 'kinds of and founded on the south breast exam. survived  breast cancer  last year and chose to have a double mastectomy both breasts would have no problem with my body. But if I am a woman had  breast cancer  with the exact same body in go in there definitely is offensive ', 'kinds of -- and founded on the south breast exam. -- survived breast cancer last year and chose to have a double mastectomy both breasts removed over the fear the cancer could come back. Being active ', 'problem with my body. But if I am a woman -- had breast cancer with the exact same body in -- go in there definitely is offensive or inappropriate. A photo of her post cancer body ', "for the first results family's premiums go down instead of up. It's Bob Graham in or. Whose free  mammogram . Caught her  breast cancer  before it had a chance to spread. the mom and Arizona who can afford heart surgery for her little girl ", "down instead of up. It's Bob Graham -- in or. Whose free mammogram . Caught her breast cancer before it had a chance to spread. -- the mom and Arizona who can afford heart surgery for her little girl. Now ", 'scare she is as you know a  breast cancer survivor . The question now what are that Elizabeth Edwards is  battling breast cancer  now his campaign for president following her 2004 bout with  breast cancer . Last night Elizabeth Edwards ', "are facing a new health scare she is as you know a breast cancer survivor . The question now what are they about to announce yes this is receiving national pension but this is about. Family and Kate Snow was here with the story -- -- good morning to you Robin the Edwards have called a news conference that's at noon eastern time today to talk about his future it was just a day after he lost his bid for vice president three years ago. That we learned that Elizabeth Edwards is battling breast cancer now his campaign for president hinging. On whether she has fully recovered. John Edwards was an Iowa when he cut short his campaign swing to join his wife Elizabeth back in North Carolina for a check up with her doctor on Wednesday. Part of periodic screening following her 2004 bout with breast cancer . Last night Elizabeth Edwards told the New York Times quote I'm still here and the campaign issued a statement saying she's had ", "forties cutting the death rate from  breast cancer  by 26%. But these new findings question should be why not get a  mammogram  exactly you rather than should of knowing they don't have  breast cancer  agree with that one all right ", 'are valuable for women in the forties cutting the death rate from breast cancer by 26%. But these new findings differ from some other studies on mammograms making headlines over the past year and. Fortunately doctor ', "you're having that conversation your question should be why not get a mammogram exactly you rather than should I get it why not what's the problem here. Some people say because you might get that false positive. You may get that false positive. I think however that -- in the it's a rare woman I found who is more concerned about false positive than the peace of mind of knowing they don't have breast cancer agree with that one all right Chris thanks. ", 'But not everyone thinks it was a Smart growth. In an interview with the Washington  breast cancer survivor  Melissa Etheridge was diagnosed with  breast cancer  2004. And also tested positive for the BRC gene mutation. Says she disagrees of how ', 'it was a Smart growth. In an interview with the Washington -- breast cancer survivor Melissa Etheridge was diagnosed with breast cancer 2004. And also tested positive for the BRC -- gene mutation. Says she disagrees of how -- surgery is being characterized. I ', "people right now just because of the way she's conducting her life. Reporter: Since 2007 when she was first diagnosed with  breast cancer , she has fought her battles in the public eye. There was relief when she went into remission in 2008. But last year ", 'conducting her life. Reporter: Since 2007 when she was first diagnosed with breast cancer , she has fought her battles in the public eye. There was relief when she went into remission in 2008. But last year, ', "it's reaching out 78 million women. And the people who love them the lifesaving event during October which is of course  Breast Cancer  Awareness Month. The NFL family from the players the coaches cheerleaders are front office and fans wearing pink. As part ", 'love them -- the lifesaving event during October which is of course Breast Cancer Awareness Month. The NFL family from the players the coaches -- -- cheerleaders are front office and fans wearing pink. As part ', "sitting with He was  breast cancer  awareness is getting what's the cause of  breast cancer . And happily stuff why can't we did  cancer of the breast . And and that's family history of  breast cancer  yet have you been ", "October is national Breast Cancer Awareness Month and we're turning our attention to a different kind of campaign this campaign. They don't want you to donate your time write -- check what they do want is for you to join the fight in the goal. Is one million women and the prevention of breast cancer take a look. How would you build an army of women -- Three years researchers -- finds treatment of breast cancer . Good little attention has been paid to find its. In the United States one in eight women will be diagnosed with breast cancer . We need to enlisting an army of women to move towards prevention. Army of women bring together and really diverse women. To participate in breast cancer service. So what does an army of women looked like. An army of women like you. As a powerful message and join us talk about that message and this endeavor and about the research of where breast cancer research is going is survivor and Marie your -- And surgeon author and advocate. Doctor Susan Love welcome to you both thanks for being with us today thanks for having us sitting -- -- -- with He was breast cancer awareness is -- getting the kind of attention that it deserves because I know over the past couple of years there have ", "even so much into the care but into what's the cause of breast cancer . And happily stuff and getting to the cause into the root of the problem heading to the -- you know we having cancer of the cervix which has been in the news a lot lately but we have a vexing. And why can't we did -- cancer of the breast . And and that's I think what a lot of people probably ask themselves and and Marie I wanted to ask you that's probably some that you ask yourself when you were diagnosed back in 2006. And -- you have a family history of breast cancer yet have you been encouraged then since that diagnosis. About the amount of awareness the amount that it's increased since that time. ", 'most devastating parts about  breast cancer . Is telling your children we doctor Julie silver. She is a  breast cancer survivor  and the author of the book what conducted their children about  breast cancer  welcome Julie. thank you well ', "Her mother of one of the most devastating parts about breast cancer . Is telling your children we are joined today by doctor Julie silver. She is a breast cancer survivor and the author of the book what helped me get through cancer survivors shares of wisdom and hope. Julie has three children and she will join us today. To talk about how parents conducted their children about breast cancer welcome Julie. -- thank you well this is one of many books tell me what's in this book. Well I was diagnosed with breast cancer five years ago on the five year survivor. When I was diagnosed I was in my thirties and had no family history ", "many many people the prognosis is excellent. Okay and we're focusing on breast cancer awareness. Today give me some quick tips on viewers out there you did this take you at thirty which is very very ", "I was 36 years old and everything was negative -- had a mammogram and ultrasound and a work up -- it was all negative. And then I went again because I still thought something was wrong. And again had a negative work got two years later my third work out. I was diagnosed with breast cancer somehow I knew it the test didn't show not to my doctors did anything wrong but I knew something was wrong so. ", 'leads to more Women are told they have  breast cancer  when in fact the tumor is benign saying that some women at high risk for  breast cancer  should MRI screening. According to guidelines women who carry the PRC a  breast cancer  genes should be screened with MRI and ', 'screening also leads to more -- -- Women are told they have breast cancer when in fact the tumor is benign. So for most women the -- sensitivity of them is not worth the chancellor also. However for the first time the American Cancer Society saying that some women at high risk for breast cancer should -- MRI screening. According to the updated guidelines women who carry the PRC a breast cancer genes should be screened with MRI and demography. Women whose close relatives are known to carry these high risk genes should also ', 'pregnancy after a diagnosis.  Breast cancer  especially if you wait. Over pregnancies after a diagnosis of  breast cancer . Even if they wait two years years. I think that a woman  breast cancer survivor  needs to happen conversations ', "potentially. High levels of circulating hormones that occur with pregnancy. Would affect breast cancer survivors and potentially influence their risk the cancer coming back -- there dying from cancer. We've had several studies starting back from 2003. Even. That have shown that there is -- it increased risk of dying of breast cancer . When you go on to have pregnancy after a diagnosis. Breast cancer especially if you wait. Over ten months from the time of diagnosis. There's -- -- several large studies including one meta analysis which is. Study that put -- available data together. Showing that there may even be -- decreased risk or in other words. People are less likely to die of cancer if they go on and -- pregnancies after a diagnosis of breast cancer . Even if they wait two years and even more so if they wait for years. I think that a woman breast cancer survivor needs to happen conversations -- college -- they need to understand what their personal risk of recurrence is so that they can ", "my  breast cancer  is that this  breast cancer  wasn't just for me it was diagnosis because my mom is also  breast cancer survivor . Where Susan G. Komen three way probably you of developing  breast cancer  and how did these walks kind ", "A new survey finds that nine out of ten breast cancer patients are optimistic about their health. 40% of breast cancer survivors try harder to make a difference in their community. Here to tell us how their optimism. Led to their survival is -- -- up and Andrea ivory both breast cancer survivors welcome. And to adapt well you know I'm a gynecologist and unfortunately I have to give the diagnosis of breast cancer but what I want to hear from each of you. And I have never had an opportunity ask anybody. Is what goes through your mind the first time you hear -- the dreaded word breast cancer . For me first of all there was fear initially initially but then there was a com. Because I believed early on that ", "Andrea and -- start with you as a woman of color. The breast cancer rates for African American women are very high end and I personally and I think studies have proved that that it may be that. African American patients. Are disenfranchised with the medical system or they don't have access to it and you tried to do something about this what did you tell us what you did. Certainly. Out of my experience in my concern for those women who. Lacked access and available treatments for breast cancer of the Florida breast health initiative which is a nonprofit organization. Dedicated to educating women about the importance of breast self. We ", "One of the things that I got. Walked away with with my breast cancer is that this breast cancer wasn't just for me it was for the whole community. It is. Unfortunate that women have to die from this disease because ", 'Tonya ribeiro. Actress and  breast cancer survivor  Christina Applegate recently having a baby after having  breast cancer  is OB TY and it ABC news medical The good news is She had  breast cancer  now particularly had a double ', "everyone welcome to Good Morning America health and Tonya ribeiro. Actress and breast cancer survivor Christina Applegate recently revealed some happy news she is expecting her first child. But will she face any complications as a result of her battle with cancer. Well here with more information on having a baby after having breast cancer is OB TY and it ABC news medical contributor after. Documents to see you can bet. So obviously very happy news for Christina Applegate she's expecting any complications because of the fact that she overcame her rescue. The good news is -- She had breast cancer now -- particularly had a double mastectomy I understand -- that was because. She did one have to take any chemotherapy which ", "that's a whole different issue exactly -- court -- we're talking about breast cancer in her case right but in other kinds of cancer is there a risk. Well you know cancer in the 25 to ", 'even freezer -- because your ovaries are still very very young. A breast cancer particular it can affect you know the 35 to forty age groups so the eggs are starting to get a little bit ', "major breakthrough in  breast cancer  detection to They're the gold standard of  breast cancer screening . And they and change the way  breast cancer  is diagnosed and hopefully a little bit about  mammogram  I understand you have ", "Approximately one in eight women will be diagnosed with breast cancer in her lifetime we are encouraged to regularly do self breast exams and get yearly mammograms starting at age forty. An earlier this year the FDA approved a major breakthrough in breast cancer detection to -- They're being touted as the gold standard of breast cancer screening . And they -- and change the way breast cancer is diagnosed and hopefully of course save more lives. Joining us to discuss -- doctor Bora margolies from the -- breast center at mount Sinai in New York City doctor -- welcome think -- being here today and thank you so much so tell us a little bit about -- -- -- mammogram I understand you have one. Your center. Yes the -- breast center at mount Sinai as one of the first places in the United States to be able to take advantage of the FDA's. Very recent approval of -- democracy. Don't tell us how it works exactly. What it does is takes. Fifteen actual images of the press instead of one and then a computer creates those into one millimeters slices of the breast. So while we know that two demography is the gold standard for detection of breast cancer . We know that not all of them -- is -- -- on a regular mammogram and many have been these are scenes that aren't cancer. So with the 3-D mammogram peeling away those layers of breast tissue. We hope to be able to reduce those anxiety producing call -- and detect more breast cancers at an earlier stage. And is it expensive does insurance covenants. Currently there's no additional charge above and beyond the digital mammogram -- so it sounds like soon. Everywhere should be offering treating them are there any roadblocks to this being the case it ", "I think the best thing to do. Is to have it -- mammogram when you are okay but if you really want the three day. You can look on the Internet and find a site that -- -- and do you predicts that this will be in more medical centers very very soon. The two didn't want to -- is really been the gold standard demography for decades -- -- and -- -- detection of breast cancer . It likely will however be replaced by three demography. In years to come and instituted that -- dean -- widely available right now. The today is widely available all throughout the United States and throughout the world the to -- my mammogram is very what -- available and that's still. In your view C a a very good mammogram . It's parliament seat cap mid -- -- -- excellent. Attending -- has been shown in countless studies to save lives so it ", 'all of this fascinating information about reading mammograms and the future of breast cancer detection very important to all women everywhere. And for more information about the -- Mammograms and others log -- to the home ']