['"The Precious One" fetal model and informational pamphlets were handed out by a right-to-life group.', 'Packed these into bags and handed them out to kids at a state fair and other dolls or modeled from ten to twelve week old  fetus . Children as young as five and six were handed these precious ones as those dolls are called without their parents now in ', 'fair and other dolls or modeled from ten to twelve week old fetus . Children as young as five and six were handed these precious ones as those dolls are called without their parents now in. ', 'second cub was a total surprise to even the zoo. We tried to do a couple of ultrasounds on her. Got one image of a developing  fetus . We knew there was something in there. But we had no idea they were twins. Reporter: The bundles of joy had a combined weight ', 'a couple of ultrasounds on her. Got one image of a developing fetus . We knew there was something in there. But we had no idea they were twins. Reporter: The bundles of joy had a ', "like a big explosion. the one filed muscles I don't airborne and slammed into the back of the other line the impact was so severe the driver of the white car had to be cut from the wreckage. Tracy Harris was working when she heard sirens then the crash this is pretty fast. And look get a positive", 'obstetrics but any drug. It can be used inappropriately. And those risks with the and extend not just to the mother but also to the  fetus  often has a bad rap among moms. Funny eight year old Cassie more has five kids all under the age of ten was used in one pregnancy ', '-- and extend not just to the mother but also to the fetus -- often has a bad rap among moms. Funny eight year old Cassie -- more -- has five kids all under the ', "parasitic twin. From the stomach of a three year old boy. The  fetus  is about nine inches has bonus. But its intestines never developed. Doctors say this happens when one twin  fetus . Is absorbed by the other inside the mother's the condition ", "parasitic twin. From the stomach of a three year old boy. The fetus is about nine inches has -- bonus. But its intestines never developed. Doctors say this happens when one twin fetus . Is absorbed by the other inside the mother's -- the condition occurs in about one of every 500000. Parents. ", 'parents who are Walters in  fetal development . Among the claims hear your down those scientists studying  fetus  it. Doctor Janet DiPietro Actually help the developing  fetus  but it warned that the bringing belly is about Sure enough the  fetus  responded. Primates and remove ', "cash in. On the goodwill of parents who are Walters -- in fetal development . Among the claims hear your -- a couple of them more rattling nursing improved school readiness of. 97%. Of parents utilizes -- -- Would use it again recommended to a friend and feel -- -- me -- difference. I'm sorry that's just treat it if it's text. You don't. No nobody -- you know it's down those scientists studying fetus -- it. Doctor Janet DiPietro and developmental psychologist at Johns Hopkins University. Says there's no evidence whatsoever that products like de -- plus. Actually help the developing fetus but it warned that the -- bringing benefits from quote unquote educate. -- says seem to respond to most. Are loud sounds. ", "course of pregnancy. During  fetal development . When the  fetus  is probably more susceptible and do the best thing for her  fetus  but. Keeping chemicals out of it's very very important for the  fetus  for the woman. For her children ", 'was. What happens with low dose. During the course of pregnancy. During fetal development . When the fetus is probably more susceptible. Than the adult. What has happened is that all of these studies enrolled women about a decade ago. ', "pregnant. I an occasional glass of wine I don't think that is that they risk. Science shown that heavy drinking can harm  fetal development  and doctors we spoke with said even moderate drinking is not advisable. Some like doctor Jennifer Ashton say better safe ", 'is that they risk. Science -- shown that heavy drinking can harm fetal development and doctors we spoke with said even moderate drinking is not advisable. Some like doctor Jennifer Ashton say better safe than sorry ', 'goodwill of parents who were Walters in  fetal development . Among the claims hear your breast a a B plus actually help the developing  fetus  that bringing benefits from. Quote unquote her belly his Bob and sure enough the  fetus  responded. Kicking. Primates and move ', 'cash in on the goodwill of parents who were Walters -- in fetal development . Among the claims hear your breast a couple of them more rattling nursing improves. -- -- -- -- 97%. Of parents utilized ', 'also be criminally liable under our fetal homicide laws. Because not only does the minor have a right to be protected but the  fetus  does even under Texas law. On a different occasion the pregnant teen claims her told her he was going to take a to have an ', 'only does the minor have a right to be protected but the fetus does even under Texas law. On a different occasion the pregnant teen claims her -- told her he was going to take ', 'forty ninth street to get standby tickets to get into the A is coming to these. The carpet collect the deficit in the foot baby  fetus  however I just to people. The and they said the Kennedy about the standby tickets nights at about 11 PM. Instead of in the ', 'to these. The carpet collect the deficit in the foot baby -- fetus however I just to people. The -- and they said the Kennedy about the standby tickets -- nights at about 11 PM. ', "So it looks like the environment the  fetus  is in. Is very very important and what's you're putting. You're exposing the  fetus  to these medicines messes are very safe from this data that they can program their  fetus  not to this thinking what let's say they ", "we're pregnant too bright feet. So it looks like the environment the fetus is in. Is very very important and what's gonna happen to us later on -- will cut and know that take your ", "that -- -- right. Well yes because you're putting. You're exposing the fetus to these medicines messes are very safe Matt -- it's taken by a lot of viewers watching there and the idea is ", "-- -- pregnancy but from this data that they can program their fetus not to this thinking what -- let's say they find themselves now pregnant right. And now what are the best that they ", "law could soon force women and girls to see an image of the  fetus  before deciding to their pregnancy. Barbara Pinto we'll explain nation requiring women who abortion. To view a sonogram of their  fetus  before going through the procedure. That is. The most accurate ", "could soon force women and girls to see an image of the fetus before deciding to -- their pregnancy. Barbara Pinto we'll explain. The debates heading for the state house is fiery already. They need to know Olga packs -- -- paying less than all the truth. In his deception I see it as emotional blackmail. Putting -- trip on a woman south Carolina's law would be the first of its kind in the nation requiring women who -- abortion. To view a sonogram of their fetus before going through the procedure. That is. The most accurate. Truthful and non judgmental information that any woman to be given prior ", 'Carolina would be the first of its kind in the nation requiring women seeking an abortion. First you an ultrasound image of the  fetus  before going through with the procedure. That is. The most accurate truthful and non judgmental information that any woman ', 'requiring women seeking an abortion. First you an ultrasound image of the fetus before going through with the procedure. That is. The most accurate truthful and non judgmental information that any woman to be given ', "in because we know that there are other nutritional factors. Odd that in early middle portions of pregnancy can affect  fetal development . The ongoing idea about autism is something affects the brain's development. While in the And this is not something ", "factors. Odd that in early -- middle portions of pregnancy can affect fetal development . The ongoing idea about autism is -- something affects the brain's development. While in the -- And -- -- this is not ", "months before, while still in his mother's womb. 20 weeks pregnant, she received devastating news. She was carrying a  fetus  that had absence of development of left side of the heart. Reporter: The doctors at children's hospital in philadelphia ", "womb. 20 weeks pregnant, she received devastating news. She was carrying a fetus that had absence of development of left side of the heart. Reporter: The doctors at children's hospital in philadelphia, wanted to perform ", "right now that the back up what we believe this is here Hoover Vermont. Look at all the people standing around this. Yeah  fetus  is not a good idea these are so either citizens get involved care throughout governor gone into out. But it looks like they're ", 'Hoover Vermont. Look at all the people standing around -- this. Yeah fetus is not a good idea these are so either citizens get involved care throughout governor gone into -- out. But it looks ']