["cesarean sections, versus 30 percent in the U.S. In 2011, Britain's health watchdog decided women should be able to get a  C - section  on demand under the free health care service, though there is no indication whether the Duchess of Cambridge has requested ", "cesarean sections, versus 30 percent in the U.S. In 2011, Britain's health watchdog decided women should be able to get a  C - section  on demand under the free health care service, though there is no indication whether the Duchess of Cambridge has requested ", "wife's contractions MAY not be the ideal time at which to start these discussions. Delivering a baby (either vaginally or via  c - section ) requires tremendous mental, emotional and physical focus and if we are focused on you, we will be distracted from the baby ", "wife's contractions MAY not be the ideal time at which to start these discussions. Delivering a baby (either vaginally or via  c - section ) requires tremendous mental, emotional and physical focus and if we are focused on you, we will be distracted from the baby ", 'when indicated and they recommend c-sections when necessary. The only procedure that midwives really cannot perform is a  c - section . Hospital Gets Security Sweep for Royal Baby There are good midwives just as there are good obstetricians. They key is finding ', 'America are three times higher than they are in the U.K. But one American hospital - Roosevelt Hospital in New York City - has  C - section  rates that are much lower than the U.S. national average. Home to the only in-hospital birthing center in the city ', 'After a 13-year climb,  C - section  rates appear to be leveling off in the three American singletons is born by  C - section , according to the study - up 60 percent recent low in 1996. But the rate of  C - section  deliveries has steadied since 2009 ', 'been debates on whether Middleton will be, as Adams so delicately put it, "too posh to push." "She\'s favored to have a  C - section ," he said. The most vital question, though, is the baby\'s name. In mid-April, said Adams, "Alexandra" -- Queen ', 'than my insurance company. Last year, I had an emergency  C - section  due to my health being in danger. I do not have maternity lead to serious problems. This necessitated the emergency  C - section , which somehow led to this billing snafu. You were having a ', 'McDermott, on her website Tuesday. Clips show Finn opening his eyes for the first time and Spelling holding him after a painful  C - section . "The pregnancy with Finn was tough, and the fact that in the end we were able to bring a healthy and happy baby into this ', 'and Raizel Glauber and their unborn child were rushed to an emergency room. The mother died after delivering the baby via  C - section  and the baby boy died Monday morning. "This why I am willing to turn myself in, because my heart goes out to all of those ', 'and Raizy Glauber and their unborn child were rushed to an emergency room. The mother died after delivering the baby boy via  C - section . The premature 7-month-old weighed only 4 pounds when delivered. He initially appeared viable, but died Monday morning ', 'warranted." Read this story on www.medpagetoday.com .  C - section  is the most common procedure done in the operating room, and teaching hospitals showed less, the researchers noted. The  C - section  rate among lower-risk pregnancies (term, singleton, vertex ', 'storm last week mixing they they woke up on the ground dazed and confused. Kendra was rushed to the hospital for an emergency  C section . Two weeks before her due date the baby was born and named Kimberly cement the rose Gordon but after this unreal ordeal they ', 'dazed and confused. Kendra was rushed to the hospital for an emergency C section . Two weeks before her due date the baby was born and named Kimberly cement the rose Gordon but after this unreal ordeal ', 'girls are less frequent and patients are often laughing gas birthing to reduce pain.  C section  rates are three times higher in the US in the UK. But the  C section  rate at Roosevelt hospital in New York City is much lower than the national average ', "and patients are often laughing gas -- birthing -- to reduce pain. C section rates are three times higher in the US -- in the UK. But the C section rate at Roosevelt hospital in New York City is much lower than the national average. As the city's only in hospital birthing ", "14 months apart. That came out on jimmy kimmel back in march. And -- nice word. Favorite word. So we knew it would be a  c - section  and heard several weeks ago it would be scheduled around this weekend so finally it happened. The baby's name is ace knute ", "-- nice word. Favorite word. So we knew it would be a c - section and heard several weeks ago it would be scheduled around this weekend so finally it happened. The baby's name is ace knute. ", "behind. Doctors mandated a four-month bedrest. And finn was born healthy. Three weeks after finn's birth, tori's  c - section  scar burst, sending her back to the hospital for emergency surgery, where she remained for nearly two weeks. While tori ", "bedrest. And finn was born healthy. Three weeks after finn's birth, tori's c - section scar burst, sending her back to the hospital for emergency surgery, where she remained for nearly two weeks. While tori is feeling ", "third of the hospital in this country are not filled. And hospital as much happier. It's getting a five or six stay for a  C section  births then one two were truly a half day state. For professional birth. The report showed that the cost of a caesarean section ", "much happier. It's getting a five or six -- stay for a C section births then -- one -- two were truly a half day state. For professional birth. The report showed that the cost of ", "So this car is despite its fibrous tissue it's this really your body's response to the injury. And it's process that kind of the scan and as a normal process that whenever they scan. These candidates tend to leave a residual from that injury and as far as that by the different. Anyone with this car", "to induce labor on the patient for several days before the  C section  in today. They an epidural on her. And when they opened up was back up. Direct grant is the Doctor Who performed the  C section . The medical board's letter of concern says you attempted ", "attempted to induce labor on the patient for several days before the C section in today. They -- an epidural on her. And when they opened up made the incision -- on non pregnant uterus. What do you that. I was -- back up. Direct grant is the Doctor Who performed the C section . The medical board's letter of concern says you attempted to -- caesarean section delivery on patient a after a failed attempt -- "]