['Kootenay Ice lose captain Brayden McNabb  to one-game suspension at Memorial Cup', 'MISSISSAUGA, Ont. - Kootenay Ice captain Brayden McNabb was been suspended one game Sunday for delivering a punishing elbow at the MasterCard Memorial Cup.McNabb received a major and a game misconduct for hitting Owen Sound forward Joey Hishon during a 5-0 loss to the Attack on Saturday.It\'s the first suspension at the Memorial Cup since 1999."Following review of the referee\'s report, and watching all of the television footage of the incident, I determined that it was a reckless action by the player but not a deliberate attempt to injure," discipline chairman Brian O\'Neill said in a statement.Kootenay was without McNabb for Sunday\'s game against Mississauga.Related Links Rookie Tyler Ennis comes up big for Sabres Halak anything but shaky in must-win game Keith: \'I just wanted to play in the NHL\' Hornqvist latest key Pred to get hurt in playoffs Laperriere willing to trade pain for victory...', 'Drew Stafford scored and added a pair of 3 win over the Edmonton Oilers at First Niagara Center.Nathan Gerbe finished with a goal and an assist, while Jordan Leopold...', 'Jason Pominville scored the go-ahead goal with 5:47 left in the second period, and the Buffalo Sabres held on for a 3-2 win over the Toronto Maple Leafs on Friday ni...', "MISSISSAUGA, Ont. - Rob Flick had a goal and an assist to lead the Mississauga St. Michael's Majors to a 2-1 win over the Kootenay Ice at the MasterCard Memorial Cup...", "MISSISSAUGA, Ont. -- Owen Sound Attack center Joey Hishon will miss Wednesday's MasterCard Memorial Cup game against the Mississauga St. Majors with an undisclosed i...", "MISSISSAUGA, Ont. -- Owen Sound Attack center Joey Hishon will miss Monday's MasterCard Memorial Cup game against the Saint John Sea Dogs with an undisclosed injury ...", "MISSISSAUGA, Ont. - The Kootenay Ice ran out of comebacks at the MasterCard Memorial Cup.The Ice came from behind to win back-to-back elimination games but couldn't ...", 'MISSISSAUGA, Ont. - The Ontario Hockey League champions will need three straight wins if they hope to bring a Memorial Cup title to Owen Sound.With a 3-1 loss to the...', 'MISSISSAUGA, Ont. -- Jordan Binnington smiled and moved his head slightly. The Owen Sound Attack goalie wanted to give someone a better glimpse of an upper lip with ...', 'MISSISSAUGA, Ont. - Matt Fraser and Cody Eakin both had two goals and an assist Thursday to rally the Kootenay ice past a short-handed Owen Sound Attack 7-3 in the t...', "CENTENNIAL, Colo. -- Joey Hishon knows all too well what it's like to be an underdog -- not that he doesn't relish the role.The 5-foot-10 center was rated only the 5...", "There's just one trophy in the eyes of players and coaches for the Saint John Sea Dogs that will fulfill the most memorable season in the six-year existence of the f...", 'NHL Network U.S. showcases best of CHL with Mastercard Memorial Cup Coverage beginning May 21', 'MISSISSAUGA, Ont. -- Kootenay Ice captain Brayden McNabb has been suspended for one game by the Canadian Hockey League for elbowing Owen Sound Attack center Joey His...', 'Tyler Ennis re-signed with the Buffalo Sabres on Saturday, giving the play-making forward one less worry about his immediate future with the threat of an NHL lockout...', "Brayden McNabb capped Buffalo's four-goal first period with his first NHL goal and the Sabres cruised to a 4-2 win over the Washington Capitals on Monday night.Jason...", "Jamie McGinn forced overtime by scoring with 2 seconds left in regulation, and Peter Mueller netted the lone shootout goal in the Colorado Avalanche's 5-4 win over t...", 'The Buffalo Sabres will try to post consecutive victories dwelling Carolina Hurricanes tonight at RBC Center .The Sabres have had a disappointing season so far and a...', 'Christian Ehrhoff scored the eventual game- goal first period, as the Buffalo Sabres 2, at First Niagara Center.Jason Pominville , Matt Ellis and Brayden McNabb lit ...', "The Buffalo Sabres will try to post consecutive victories for the first time in well over a month, as they visit the New Jersey Devils for tonight's battle at the Pr..."]