['Which may have less effective when I take  calcium  and a half which deplete my body of  calcium . What can I do. Janice that is an awesome medicines for reasons Mitterrand to help your your  calcium  is helping you restore your bone density ', "content. Which is not. Which may have less effective when I take calcium and a half -- -- -- which deplete my body of calcium . What can I do. Janice that is an awesome question. First of all. Your doctor -- you these medicines for reasons Mitterrand to help your -- your calcium is helping you restore your bone density. Your Prilosec is helping reflux. Heartburn. Iran them for a reason. Now you bring up an excellent point in that drugs can in Iraq. They can each cause. A certain problem took -- with one. Your specific question of Durante and being effective or not effective. As early to calcium . There had been a few studies show experimentally. That it may reduce the bio availability. Of -- and so if you take calcium pill within two hours of taking front and there may be mean a little bit less -- -- available to your brain. We don't see an effect critically should -- field just as well if you don't see your doctor. Perilous act and calcium yes there have been reports that -- studies have shown. If -- decrease -- city cares stomach lists how's that sort. Again ", 'were supposed to do. Take  calcium supplements . A new study out today be raising the risk of a  heart attack . It is his medical editor should think about taking  calcium supplements  to  calcium supplements  are everywhere. From from ', "about something millions of us thought we were supposed to do. Take calcium supplements . A new study out today in a major medical journal warns that the supplements -- to strengthen our bones. Could be raising the risk of a heart attack . It is his medical editor doctor Richard -- -- here on that some rich. Ever was told. At a certain caves that they should think about taking calcium supplements to -- -- -- calcium supplements are everywhere. From from one drugstore today we found 35 different products fit all have calcium in them. And that doesn't even include multi vitamins which have calcium . 61%. Of older women take calcium supplements and how does that affect their hearts well the concern is that a big dose of calcium . We'll put calcium plaques can hear you -- your arteries just as his putting calcium in your bones -- you need calcium -- healthy bones. But the concern is that supplements may be doing more harm than good he's a big dose of the supplements. What are we talking about -- -- she can take any at all well you know concern is what if one pill is good for me to -- be better. The number to remember -- 2000 milligrams that is what is is too much but that's where you have to start worrying about effects and your kidneys in on your heart. My bottom line. You know don't get your calcium from pills he's trying get it into what you eat every -- so stay below 2000 no matter what's what do you ", 'calcium  and vitamin. You need  calcium  and vitamin. There may be doctors preferable to your  calcium  from. Food sources or from health and risk of increased  heart attack  also meets later well. With not a 100% convinced that  calcium  and vitamin. For some of the ', "study looked at the impact of hormones as well supplement such as calcium and vitamin. And a group of doctors in New Zealand reviewed the data from the WH guide to Women's Health Initiative. And last year found that women who began taking calcium . And they never been taking calcium or vitamin. Actually had a small increased risk of heart attacks and strokes that a break that down we're talking about post menopausal women who had never taken calcium supplements before so that is eight. Relatively small group of women track that's correct in the Women's Health Initiative many women were taken their own calcium -- vitamin. And when the WHI was first analyzed the did not find any association with heart attacks and strokes. -- women who were taking calcium vitamin. 161000 women. Found a slight increased risk. Now physicians were concerned because many women take calcium with vitamin. So this group went back in New Zealand and reviewed that would WHI again and they reviewed thirteen other different studies at 29000 women were being evaluated. To see if they take calcium and vitamin. But they have an increased risk of heart attacks and strokes and there announces. Yes that there was a small increase. But there are challenges when you look at studies involved with calcium and vitamin. Certainly -- when asked you know quickly because. A lot of women are now taking vitamin. Just to put women ", "Calcium supplements  are often taken by older suggests that the added  calcium  might be associated. With an increased risk of  heart attack . A team of international doesn't not address how  calcium supplements  might boost But the ", "Calcium supplements are often taken by older adults who suffer from osteoporosis. But a new study suggests that the added calcium might be associated. With an increased risk of heart attack . A team of international researchers analyzed the data from clinical trials that included over 121000 patients. The supplements taken without vitamin -- We're associated with a 30% greater risk of heart attack . The link was independent of age sex and the type of supplement take. It seems that the risks were exclusive to the supplemental war as healthy and consumption. Dairy products was not linked to an increased risk in heart attack us. The study doesn't not address how calcium supplements might boost -- But the authors noted that one theory suggests calcium deposits in the arteries are associated with an increased chance -- Researchers stress that this issue needs further study to find out of calcium actually causes an increased risk for heart attack . It's simply a matter of that this association. With this medical minute I'm doctor Timothy Johnson. ", "protect bones and beat back osteoporosis.  Calcium  and vitamin. But tonight a jolt some it. When you reach menopause you take  calcium  and vitamin. The finding. Taking low don't matter if they're saying that  calcium  and the matter that the best way to get ", "us consider the best weapon to protect bones and beat back osteoporosis. Calcium and vitamin. But tonight a jolt some of the nation's top doctors are saying that for a lot of people they're useless and might even do harm. Here's ABC's medical editor doctor Richard -- For millions of healthy women it was taken as -- give it. When you reach menopause you take calcium and vitamin. The finding. Taking low dose vitamin. That dose of vitamin. Cook for those who think -- even -- goes we ", "call so no supplements the supplements don't matter if they're saying that calcium and -- the matter that the best way to get your calcium is from your -- the best way to get vitamin. You don't heats up to him Lester when those proven deficient people ", "To simply taking  calcium . In and of itself does not make you less fractures There's no clear benefit from just supplemental  calcium . That we know of therefore the risk of  heart attack  as was seen in this study which is a very small ", "To simply taking calcium . In and of itself does not make you -- -- less fractures. If something at a benefit that you waited risk benefit. There's no clear benefit from just supplemental calcium . That we know of therefore the risk of heart attack as was seen in this study which is a very small risk with lots of critiques of the study they move forward. ", 'Americans. Studies on  calcium  and vitamin B supplements studies concludes that  calcium supplements  can help seniors avoid over age fifty to take  calcium supplements  or a placebo. They found the  calcium  with or without vitamin ', "among older people affecting as many as ten million Americans. Studies on calcium and vitamin B supplements have produced conflicting results on whether these minerals can improve bone health. But a new review of the best quality studies concludes that calcium supplements can help seniors avoid bone breaks. Researchers examined 29 studies that randomly assigned people over age fifty to take calcium supplements or a placebo. They found the calcium with or without vitamin. Cut bone fractures by 12%. The supplement also lowered the risk of bone loss in the hip by 46%. People who were the most faithful and taking the supplements had the biggest benefit as did people who were more elderly or who had low levels of calcium at the start. The US government recommends that people over fifty receive 12100 milligrams of calcium each day. You should not exceed that limit without first talking to a doctor because too much calcium can cause unpleasant side effects such as kidney stones. With this medical minute I'm doctor Timothy Johnson. ", 'suggests that  calcium supplements  may do a body Researchers found that  calcium pills  often used to raise the risk of  heart attack . By up to 30%.  Calcium supplements  absorb so quickly better to eat more  calcium  rich foods which ', "-- cameras -- ABC news New York. A new study suggests that calcium supplements may do a body more harm than good. Researchers found that calcium pills often used to fight osteoporosis raise the risk of heart attack . By up to 30%. Calcium supplements absorb so quickly that it may damage blood vessels. Medical experts suggest that instead of taking supplements it's better to eat more calcium rich foods which take much longer to get into the bloodstream. Those are the latest headlines from ABC news now I'm Stephanie ", 'And the study had one notable exception  calcium . Researchers found the  calcium supplements  actually reduce mortality risk. So everyone easy as a pill but it is true. But again  calcium  China benefits the one that did show that', "overstated concerns for elderly women. And the study had one notable exception calcium . Researchers found the calcium supplements actually reduce mortality risk. So everyone is asking what should you do what one doctor we spoke to this -- instead they're still a lot more research to be done this area but remember at the benefits about healthy. Balanced diets have been shown over and over and so it's not as easy as a pill but it is true. But again calcium China benefits the one that did show that -- ", "including me take  calcium  and vitamin are taking  calcium supplements . And the other higher rate of  heart attack . Well and did not take  calcium supplements  always recommend taking your  calcium supplements  you're saying ", "over the age of fifty. Need to get about 12100 milligrams of calcium and then -- to believe that the group of people that get. Isn't getting enough cast calcium happens to be adolescent girls and get about thirteen hundred milligrams a day. What the study and force is and I believe and tell my patients all the time. Is that -- you should count how much calcium you get your diet -- you -- get. You may be getting way and you think -- said that the calcium that supplements that we take might be giving -- -- -- house which is at risk for some other elements there was a study that looked at -- out menopausal women who are taking calcium supplements . And the other group and women in the study where we eating calcium in their diet. And they found that the supplement group -- a higher rate of heart attack . Well and -- stones can be a problem to you essence that's right in if you did not take calcium supplements -- always recommend that you drink water often a lot of water for that reason to believe -- you kidney problems -- should be. You should talk to your doctor before taking calcium vitamin. -- beneficial for at this point is to protect our bones. Bottom line bottom line no -- -- -- IE not not heart disease not cancer act right -- doesn't make you happy -- saying stop taking your calcium supplements you're saying just be more aware and more mindful of what you're getting -- says and how much she really -- That's right what you do is for an example is a cup of yogurt right take a couple of PO greatest 400 milligrams of calcium . So if you need to get 12100 it already 400 milligrams there thinking need to read labels because lots of -- -- fortified with both calcium and vitamin. There is something that thing for us and nobody realizes it's that you now. What a great source of -- ", "because there has been received in the past they've shown that people who get enough dairy  calcium  and not some  calcium supplements  but dairy  calcium  especially when they're trying to lose some weight. That's been shown to reduce body fat ", "received in the past they've shown that people who get enough dairy calcium and not some calcium supplements but dairy calcium especially when they're trying to lose some weight. That's been shown to reduce body fat so when you think about it and ", 'protein. Can actually cause  calcium  levels to drop your body and So. The ways to fix to take  calcium supplements . And two a little bit more mean you should take also take  calcium supplements  zinc supplements and you that ', 'And the issue with can be that. Excessive protein. Can actually cause calcium levels to drop -- your body and losing bone density in your face can be aging. You are also hi hi highly acidic diets can -- at the -- PH and make it more susceptible to us to sentiments. So. The ways to fix -- to take calcium supplements . And two a little bit more fruits and vegetables you can stick to the low carb. Vegetables like spinach and asparagus. Low ', "minimums. That's the only thing. I mean you should take also take calcium supplements zinc supplements and you that you usually kept from -- -- -- months essential for college and supplements that. Collagen synthesis. And ", "that diet is that dietary  calcium  intake cattle much better normal weight then was even say  calcium supplements  there's something in the maybe work as they have the  calcium  in other studies it really something also about. You dairy  calcium  than it specifically Gary ", "clear. But in other studies it's shown that diet is that dietary calcium intake cattle much better effect on helping people lose weight. And on it was much more cost associated with. A better above normal weight then was even say calcium supplements there's something in the milk that seems to be doing the job. It was interesting an Argentinean steady though that this was ", 'So and also when you take vitamin. Women should be taking vitamin. So women who are taking  calcium supplements  chances their  calcium supplements  also have vitamin. I recommend my patients that they take 1000 units of vitamin. So I think ', 'take vitamin. Women should be taking vitamin. So women who are taking calcium supplements chances -- their calcium supplements also have vitamin. I recommend -- my patients that they take 1000 units of vitamin. So I think that. Taking 1000 units ']