['The use of  calcium supplements  , common not take  calcium supplements , those taking reported using  calcium supplements , while 58 quintile of  calcium supplement  use were supplement users.  Calcium Pills  May Hurt ', 'protein and other nutrients -  calcium , potassium and magnesium Sandon agreed. "The  calcium  found in yogurt and other who ate more foods high in  calcium  had lower blood pressure. Taking  calcium supplements  does not seem to have the ', 'weight loss and prevents fluid retention and bloating- "are nothing more than run-of-the-mill fiber and  calcium supplements ." Abramyan, who claims that she didn\'t lose a pound on the program, argues in the suit that there is no scientific ', 'Taking vitamin D and  calcium supplements  that provide no more than the usual IU of vitamin D and 1,000 mg of  calcium . However, the group took no position at any dose and with or without  calcium , for cancer prevention in adults ', 'Taking  calcium supplements  to build stronger who regularly took  calcium supplements  were 86 percent more likely to have a  heart attack  than those who did a  heart attack . " Calcium supplements , which might raise ', 'fractures. Some experts theorize that the medication can block  calcium  absorption in the stomach or perhaps deplete the body of years. Switching to other medications such as antacids or  calcium supplements  may work just as well to reduce heartburn symptoms for some ', 'Exercise Vitamin D  Calcium  Exercise Exercising Vitamin D Just like  calcium , you can get a healthy Vitamin D supplements or  Calcium Supplements  with additional Vitamin sources of  calcium Calcium supplements  can also help provide ', 'Orthopedic Surgeon Dr. Richard Rothman, 74, Replaces Joints to Keep People Working Longer', "When his alarm clock rings at 5 a.m., Dr. Richard Rothman can't wait to get up and go to work. In a typical week, the Philadelphia-based orthopedic surgeon replaces about 20 hips and knees. The procedure allows people with arthritis to keep leading productive lives into old age -- an opportunity", 'Calcium Supplements  Linked to Increased Heart Attack  Risk in Post-Menopausal Women: Study', 'Fosamax and a  calcium supplement  , which helped liked milk,  calcium supplements  seem a logical suggests  calcium supplements  might boost who took  calcium supplements  had a 13-to-22 having a  heart attack  than women ', 'only did supplemental  calcium  use and vitamin D use found that supplemental  calcium  increased from 28 percent many people are taking  calcium  to prevent osteoporosis do not absorb your  calcium supplement  , making it a waste adults. "Vitamin D and  calcium  [ supplements ] are the flavors of ', 'For years, vitamin D and  calcium supplements  have been touted as contributors have been getting the vitamin D and  calcium  they have needed all along, without recommendations for vitamin D and  calcium  . Estimated average requirements ', 'Many Americans are deficient in vitamin D, he said. Other examples include osteoporosis patients who may need  calcium supplements , or smokers who are at higher risk for vitamin C deficiency. Still, Ayoob said, "You\'re never going to get ', 'vitamins, suggested nine vitamins for Besser -- vitamin C,  calcium , fish oil with vitamin E, magnesium, vitamin D, super Other examples include osteoporosis patients who may need  calcium supplements , or smokers who are at higher risk for vitamin C deficiency ', 'as we age taking an extra  calcium  to ward off brittle bones British Medical Journal found.  Calcium supplements  have increased heart attacks Researchers suspect the extra  calcium  may rapidly elevate blood  calcium  levels which could contribute ', "of us follow the popular advice as we age taking an extra calcium to ward off brittle bones. But now a new warning may shake up the 27 billion dollar vitamin supplement industry. A report just released tonight in the British Medical Journal found. Calcium supplements have increased heart attacks by more than 20%. In post menopausal women. Researchers suspect the extra calcium may rapidly elevate blood calcium levels which could contribute to artery disease. Add to that other reports that say too much calcium can lead to kidney stones and many of us are confused. Some nutritionists say there's a clear explanation. When it comes to taking calcium . One -- doesn't at all it really depends on your age and your diet. Yes doctors routinely prescribe extra calcium to women over fifty to make up for bone loss due to declining estrogen rates. They need about 12100 milligrams a day ", 'Which may have less effective when I take  calcium  and a half which deplete my body of  calcium . What can I do. Janice that is an awesome medicines for reasons Mitterrand to help your your  calcium  is helping you restore your bone density ', "content. Which is not. Which may have less effective when I take calcium and a half -- -- -- which deplete my body of calcium . What can I do. Janice that is an awesome question. First of all. Your doctor -- you these medicines for reasons Mitterrand to help your -- your calcium is helping you restore your bone density. Your Prilosec is helping reflux. Heartburn. Iran them for a reason. Now you bring up an excellent point in that drugs can in Iraq. They can each cause. A certain problem took -- with one. Your specific question of Durante and being effective or not effective. As early to calcium . There had been a few studies show experimentally. That it may reduce the bio availability. Of -- and so if you take calcium pill within two hours of taking front and there may be mean a little bit less -- -- available to your brain. We don't see an effect critically should -- field just as well if you don't see your doctor. Perilous act and calcium yes there have been reports that -- studies have shown. If -- decrease -- city cares stomach lists how's that sort. Again ", 'were supposed to do. Take  calcium supplements . A new study out today be raising the risk of a  heart attack . It is his medical editor should think about taking  calcium supplements  to  calcium supplements  are everywhere. From from ', "about something millions of us thought we were supposed to do. Take calcium supplements . A new study out today in a major medical journal warns that the supplements -- to strengthen our bones. Could be raising the risk of a heart attack . It is his medical editor doctor Richard -- -- here on that some rich. Ever was told. At a certain caves that they should think about taking calcium supplements to -- -- -- calcium supplements are everywhere. From from one drugstore today we found 35 different products fit all have calcium in them. And that doesn't even include multi vitamins which have calcium . 61%. Of older women take calcium supplements and how does that affect their hearts well the concern is that a big dose of calcium . We'll put calcium plaques can hear you -- your arteries just as his putting calcium in your bones -- you need calcium -- healthy bones. But the concern is that supplements may be doing more harm than good he's a big dose of the supplements. What are we talking about -- -- she can take any at all well you know concern is what if one pill is good for me to -- be better. The number to remember -- 2000 milligrams that is what is is too much but that's where you have to start worrying about effects and your kidneys in on your heart. My bottom line. You know don't get your calcium from pills he's trying get it into what you eat every -- so stay below 2000 no matter what's what do you ", 'calcium  and vitamin. You need  calcium  and vitamin. There may be doctors preferable to your  calcium  from. Food sources or from health and risk of increased  heart attack  also meets later well. With not a 100% convinced that  calcium  and vitamin. For some of the ', "study looked at the impact of hormones as well supplement such as calcium and vitamin. And a group of doctors in New Zealand reviewed the data from the WH guide to Women's Health Initiative. And last year found that women who began taking calcium . And they never been taking calcium or vitamin. Actually had a small increased risk of heart attacks and strokes that a break that down we're talking about post menopausal women who had never taken calcium supplements before so that is eight. Relatively small group of women track that's correct in the Women's Health Initiative many women were taken their own calcium -- vitamin. And when the WHI was first analyzed the did not find any association with heart attacks and strokes. -- women who were taking calcium vitamin. 161000 women. Found a slight increased risk. Now physicians were concerned because many women take calcium with vitamin. So this group went back in New Zealand and reviewed that would WHI again and they reviewed thirteen other different studies at 29000 women were being evaluated. To see if they take calcium and vitamin. But they have an increased risk of heart attacks and strokes and there announces. Yes that there was a small increase. But there are challenges when you look at studies involved with calcium and vitamin. Certainly -- when asked you know quickly because. A lot of women are now taking vitamin. Just to put women ", "Calcium supplements  are often taken by older suggests that the added  calcium  might be associated. With an increased risk of  heart attack . A team of international doesn't not address how  calcium supplements  might boost But the ", "Calcium supplements are often taken by older adults who suffer from osteoporosis. But a new study suggests that the added calcium might be associated. With an increased risk of heart attack . A team of international researchers analyzed the data from clinical trials that included over 121000 patients. The supplements taken without vitamin -- We're associated with a 30% greater risk of heart attack . The link was independent of age sex and the type of supplement take. It seems that the risks were exclusive to the supplemental war as healthy and consumption. Dairy products was not linked to an increased risk in heart attack us. The study doesn't not address how calcium supplements might boost -- But the authors noted that one theory suggests calcium deposits in the arteries are associated with an increased chance -- Researchers stress that this issue needs further study to find out of calcium actually causes an increased risk for heart attack . It's simply a matter of that this association. With this medical minute I'm doctor Timothy Johnson. ", "protect bones and beat back osteoporosis.  Calcium  and vitamin. But tonight a jolt some it. When you reach menopause you take  calcium  and vitamin. The finding. Taking low don't matter if they're saying that  calcium  and the matter that the best way to get ", "us consider the best weapon to protect bones and beat back osteoporosis. Calcium and vitamin. But tonight a jolt some of the nation's top doctors are saying that for a lot of people they're useless and might even do harm. Here's ABC's medical editor doctor Richard -- For millions of healthy women it was taken as -- give it. When you reach menopause you take calcium and vitamin. The finding. Taking low dose vitamin. That dose of vitamin. Cook for those who think -- even -- goes we ", "call so no supplements the supplements don't matter if they're saying that calcium and -- the matter that the best way to get your calcium is from your -- the best way to get vitamin. You don't heats up to him Lester when those proven deficient people ", "To simply taking  calcium . In and of itself does not make you less fractures There's no clear benefit from just supplemental  calcium . That we know of therefore the risk of  heart attack  as was seen in this study which is a very small ", "To simply taking calcium . In and of itself does not make you -- -- less fractures. If something at a benefit that you waited risk benefit. There's no clear benefit from just supplemental calcium . That we know of therefore the risk of heart attack as was seen in this study which is a very small risk with lots of critiques of the study they move forward. "]