["Nintendo's Wii U gaming system features a touchscreen controller that interacts with the game on your TV.", 'Wii U is an attempt to tackle "asymmetric gaming" -- playing the same game from different perspectives', "I haven't been this impressed with a new interface since Nintendo put a joystick on a gamepad ", "Keeping track of two screens could have been a mess, but it's actually pretty intuitive", "If you have an Xbox 360 or PlayStation 3, take a look at the controllers. We have Nintendo to thank for popularizing what's there: the four-way d-pad (the Nintendo Entertainment System), the diamond configuration face buttons (the Super Nintendo), the thumbstick employed to navigate 3D worlds, trigger buttons and force feedback system (the Nintendo 64).", "But the showpiece this time is the Wii U's tablet-like GamePad (capital G, capital P), sporting a vivid 854-by-480-pixel, 6.2-inch touchscreen sandwiched between a d-pad, face buttons and left/right thumb-sticks. It's thicker than most tablets, but substantially lighter (just 1.1 lbs), and the extra plastic gives your hands comfortable grip room, even if the glossy finish warrants the usual grumbling about fingerprints.", "It's also packing motion control sensors, haptic feedback, dual speakers, shoulder buttons, left and right rear triggers, a microphone, an infrared sensor, near-field communication support, a front-facing camera and a rechargeable battery (it even has its own power adapter).", "You might be thinking the second screen makes the Wii U a Wii-plus-DS, and it clearly shares second-screen DNA with Nintendo's dual-screen handheld. But the DS is about what you can do when you put a second screen beside the first in a device that fits in your hands. The Wii U is about what you can do if you make one of the screens your TV, then snap off the other and let it wander around a room.", "And wander it will, especially when playing the closest thing to a must-have Wii U launch title, NintendoLand, a theme park game inhabited by Miis (Nintendo's virtual caricatures of players) with a dozen mini-games that riff on Nintendo themes and characters. Like Wii Sports, NintendoLand is essentially Nintendo's way of showing you how the Wii U works.", 'Take "Donkey Kong\'s Crash Course," which has you tilting the GamePad left or right to steer a rickety roller through a zany Rube Goldberg-ish obstacle course. The GamePad view only shows you a portion of the course, where the TV view shows you everything. While you can\'t really play using the TV, someone else can follow along, which highlights the first new Wii U idea: gaming as a spectator sport.', 'In "Captain Falcon\'s Twister Race," an F-Zero shout out, you hold the GamePad vertically, viewing the action top-down while twisting the controller left or right to guide a racer along a flashing track. The twist: When you pass through tunnels, which hide the racer on the GamePad, you have to look up at the TV to get your bearings. How do you know when to? An announcer shouts warnings, which highlights another new Wii U concept: shifting between screens using audio cues.', "Try a few of NintendoLand's multiplayer-only games and you'll see how splitting information between the screens can solve a problem that's plagued single-screen video gaming for decades.", 'MORE: Watch out, here come the Wii U vultures (Is anyone not sold out of the Wii U?)', 'There\'s even a real-time modding angle in New Super Mario Bros. U: In story mode, one player can use the GamePad to create "boost blocks" that help other Wii Remote players navigate tricky sections of a level or access tough to reach areas. Or play in Coin Rush Mode (two to four players race to snatch up the most coins) and you can use the GamePad\'s touchscreen to tweak levels, planting coins in tricky spots.', "Does the GamePad have shortcomings? A few. For one, it's a battery hog (that, or the battery's too small), lasting about three hours in my tests before going back to the cradle or having to run plugged in (the power cable's reasonably long at eight feet). The GamePad also sometimes slips out of sync with the base station, the music running a microbeat behind the TV, causing sonic chaos unless you turn the GamePad's volume down. That said, I've experienced zero gameplay latency.", "Neither issue's a deal-breaker, but it's a little disappointing that something this physically big, not doing any serious local processing, can only manage half the battery life of something like Apple's iPad playing a game like Riptide GP. Since the 1500 mAh Li-ion battery is replaceable, I'd like to think we'll see more capable aftermarket options arriving shortly.", "Let's talk pricing. Nintendo's made it all but impossible to justify the less expensive $300 Basic model. NintendoLand sells for $60 standalone, so that it's a pack-in with the $350 Deluxe model justifies the extra $50 alone. But the Deluxe model also includes 32 GB of internal storage (the Basic only has 8 GB, and roughly 4 GB of that is earmarked for system data), a Wii U GamePad charging cradle, a Wii U GamePad stand and a Wii U console stand.", "Make of that what you will, but it means the Wii U you're getting on Nov. 18 isn't entirely the Wii U Nintendo's been promising for several months. (We'll follow up with a review of the services once they're live.)", "Whether that's true or not, the Wii U already feels like a much more robust and fascinating idea, one that shows even more promise, in my opinion, than the Wii did in 2006. That's partly because the Wii U is still a Wii (a radically more powerful Wii with a second screen that floats around your living room, true), and motion control still factors big in the Wii U's future.", "That said, unless Microsoft or Sony have more than burlier hardware up their sleeves, and assuming third-party developers can match Nintendo's skill utilizing the second screen, the Wii U already has a lock on the future of big-idea gaming.", '&copy 2012 TIME, Inc. TIME is a registered trademark of Time Inc.  Used with permission.']