['Parents and baby, delivered two and a half weeks early by emergency C-section, are recovering.', 'girls are less frequent and patients are often laughing gas birthing to reduce pain.  C section  rates are three times higher in the US in the UK. But the  C section  rate at Roosevelt hospital in New York City is much lower than the national average ', "and patients are often laughing gas -- birthing -- to reduce pain. C section rates are three times higher in the US -- in the UK. But the C section rate at Roosevelt hospital in New York City is much lower than the national average. As the city's only in hospital birthing ", "14 months apart. That came out on jimmy kimmel back in march. And -- nice word. Favorite word. So we knew it would be a  c - section  and heard several weeks ago it would be scheduled around this weekend so finally it happened. The baby's name is ace knute ", "-- nice word. Favorite word. So we knew it would be a c - section and heard several weeks ago it would be scheduled around this weekend so finally it happened. The baby's name is ace knute. ", "behind. Doctors mandated a four-month bedrest. And finn was born healthy. Three weeks after finn's birth, tori's  c - section  scar burst, sending her back to the hospital for emergency surgery, where she remained for nearly two weeks. While tori ", "bedrest. And finn was born healthy. Three weeks after finn's birth, tori's c - section scar burst, sending her back to the hospital for emergency surgery, where she remained for nearly two weeks. While tori is feeling ", "third of the hospital in this country are not filled. And hospital as much happier. It's getting a five or six stay for a  C section  births then one two were truly a half day state. For professional birth. The report showed that the cost of a caesarean section ", "much happier. It's getting a five or six -- stay for a C section births then -- one -- two were truly a half day state. For professional birth. The report showed that the cost of ", "So this car is despite its fibrous tissue it's this really your body's response to the injury. And it's process that kind of the scan and as a normal process that whenever they scan. These candidates tend to leave a residual from that injury and as far as that by the different. Anyone with this car", "to induce labor on the patient for several days before the  C section  in today. They an epidural on her. And when they opened up was back up. Direct grant is the Doctor Who performed the  C section . The medical board's letter of concern says you attempted ", "attempted to induce labor on the patient for several days before the C section in today. They -- an epidural on her. And when they opened up made the incision -- on non pregnant uterus. What do you that. I was -- back up. Direct grant is the Doctor Who performed the C section . The medical board's letter of concern says you attempted to -- caesarean section delivery on patient a after a failed attempt -- ", "simple question what's wrong with a 30%  C section  rate in this country more people want assumption has been that. The optimal  C section  rate. For both mothers and and dead let's break it down into the rising  C section  rate due to. Twins triplets. Older ", "Well first of all a simple question what's wrong with a 30% C section rate in this country more people want to have C sections. What if it goes up to fifty what's wrong with -- well. It's actually very good question the assumption has been that. The optimal C section rate. For both mothers and and dead babies would probably be more like fifteen to 20%. So it just strikes many people as if that numbers to line. Let's break this down into two different things because people like to talk about. What I guess is is by. -- Beckham called too posh to push which is. I don't have time. To have a vaginal birth I need to come -- get -- schedule and then let's break it down into the rising C section rate due to. Twins triplets. Older moms and all that -- let's look at the first one that's called the the Beckham ", "obviously if the woman is adamant. That she wants to have a C section on demand -- a posh. Too -- to push then. I think probably most physicians would agree at this point. The obstetricians of an ethical obligation to go ahead and and a lot or death to have that elective C sections. -- -- world saying I'm your patient -- my doctor and I say. Doctor what do you think I'd like to have an elective C section what would you tell me as a patient. Well -- I wanna know why you want to have elective C section worry afraid of the pain of labor. Com we afraid about potential harm to the baby come and I tried to encourage ", "session and -- I think it's a small portion of of the C section rate a bigger portion of portion of the C section rate. Are due to multiple. Pregnancies. Sell older women and all that so is it realistic here's the question. To have the ", 'new findings about how the timing of a  C section  can affect the health of a baby. Many second child. Like her first it was a  C section  but she and her doctors were no rush But just look at the consequences.  C section  babies born just one week early at 38 ', "Late today researchers released new findings about how the timing of a C section can affect the health of a baby. Many women now scheduled the delivery of their baby before 39 weeks of pregnancy. The new study in The New England Journal of Medicine shows these earlier elective C sections are putting newborns that are greater risk of complications. ABC's John McKenzie has our closer look. Okay. This afternoon was a -- Marino gave birth to were second child. Like her first it was a C section but she and her doctors were no rush not in light of this latest research. This study is important because it shows ", "or on crap -- Joe's birthday. But just look at the consequences. C section babies born just one week early at 38 weeks were 50% more likely to go to the intensive care unit. 7% more ", 'to women electing to have a schedule  C section . Then a vaginal birth but a new study found that those born by a scheduled  C section . At an increased risk of breathing problems born that generally or by an emergency  C section . And the earlier in pregnancy woman ', "of the increase is due to women electing to have a schedule C section . Then a vaginal birth but a new study suggests that elected C sections may increase the risk of breathing problems for the baby. Researchers in Denmark collected information on more than 34000. Newborns. They found that those born by a scheduled C section . At an increased risk of breathing problems compared to those born that generally or by an emergency C section . And the earlier in pregnancy woman scheduled for delivery the greater the risk to the baby. Babies born to women who had their C section 39 weeks into pregnancy. Had double the odds of respiratory problems while infants born by C section at 37 weeks -- quadruple screen actors aren't sure of the exact reason for the increase in -- problems. But they say ", "time the 21 year old was conscious others were falsely claiming to be her parents she told me the alias and the fact that a  C section . And that's not something that I told anybody. And then she sent me pictures mean as a baby that my mother had given her ", "she told me the alias -- -- and the fact that a C section . And that's not something that I told anybody. And then she sent me pictures -- mean as a baby that my mother ", "labor and they weren't there for in the cabin set of an ambulance. So is something at so many levels does this story is terrible I'm the baby was delivered via  C section  and is right now in serious condition that. We're praying that", "levels does this story is terrible I'm the baby was delivered via C section and is right now in serious condition that. We're praying that -- -- ", "get in front of me without your numbers. Never bring a half-baked proposition, and waste my time. Reporter: But that  caesarian  leadership style rubs some people the wrong way. There's even a word for it. Stanford professor, bob sutton has spent ", "Never bring a half-baked proposition, and waste my time. Reporter: But that caesarian leadership style rubs some people the wrong way. There's even a word for it. Stanford professor, bob sutton has spent years researching ", 'conscious, on the operating table. It was like a searing pain. I felt like I was being burned. Reporter: An emergency  c - section , under general anesthesia. Doctors had no way to know she could feel everything. As awake as I am right now. Reporter ', 'searing pain. I felt like I was being burned. Reporter: An emergency c - section , under general anesthesia. Doctors had no way to know she could feel everything. As awake as I am right now. Reporter: And ', "belongs to the Baja. I can she was reaching out of her mother's womb and grabbing hold of the Doctor Who was performing the  C section . On mom or dad snapped the photo. And the couple put on FaceBook and Lacey act and says that she's got to hang. A canvas ", "mother's womb and grabbing hold of the Doctor Who was performing the C section . On mom or dad snapped the photo. And the couple put -- on FaceBook and Lacey act and says that she's got ", "we send her home. And C. Has been laboring since. Monday night when it became clear her son would need to be delivered by  C section  proceeded with trepidation. Shooting the say they're able to choose a little scared about the C part so I think was. Less ", "when it became clear her son would need to be delivered by C section -- proceeded with trepidation. Shooting the say they're able to choose a little scared about the C -- part so I think ", "mothers that experience it have slightly higher odds of carrying a girl or twins and if there are twins and there needs to be a  c - section , doctors tell us it is clear that one will be delivered first and that's the first in line. Looking at the royal line of ", "twins and if there are twins and there needs to be a c - section , doctors tell us it is clear that one will be delivered first and that's the first in line. Looking at the royal ", "melissa slid down tony dovolani's leg. And he bounces her up. And she just had a baby. I wish I could do that after i had my  c - section . Look at that. It was the moves were great. They were very creative. And tony has something to prove. They didn't make ", "a baby. I wish I could do that after i had my c - section . Look at that. It was the moves were great. They were very creative. And tony has something to prove. They didn't make ", "this according to spell discrepancy remains in the hospital. Apparently she's resting comfortable as her fourth baby second  C section  in the same year or so she's not our but she said to be a very proud of the rest the kids they are looking after their ", "the hospital. Apparently she's resting comfortable as her fourth baby -- second C section in the same year or so she's not our -- but she said to be a very proud of the rest -- ", 'subsequent pregnancy. The American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists recommend waiting until 39 weeks to have the  C section  that. Let the baby has time to finish developing in the world. But a new study finds that 36%. Of repeat C sections occur ', 'of Obstetricians and Gynecologists recommend waiting until 39 weeks to have the C section that. Let the baby has time to finish developing in the world. But a new study finds that 36%. Of repeat C ']