['dead). And both make a virtue of their, shall we say, mature stars. Those stars include Bruce Willis (58),  Anthony Hopkins  (75), John Malkovich (59) and Helen Mirren (67) in "Red 2" and Jeff Bridges (63) and Kevin Bacon (55 ', 'Picture, but it\'s not a flop anymore," Patches said of the fondly remembered film. The Remains of the Day With  Anthony Hopkins  and Emma Thompson, Patches said, "Remains of the Day" was "your typical Oscar movie." Merchant Ivory Productions ', "making it a movie that is just as relevant to modern politics as it was 41 years ago. 'Nixon' category: 1995  Anthony Hopkins  tries his hand at a portrayal of Nixon in this biographical film directed by Oliver Stone. The film takes a somber ", 'last year\'s acclaimed "Martha Marcy May Marlene," is set to star in the upcoming TV series "Hannibal," which explores the character Dr. Hannibal Lecter, made famous by  Anthony Hopkins  in the 1991 film "The Silence of the Lambs."', 'Shooting for the film was postponed Monday, the Los Angeles Times reported, but it is unclear how long it will be delayed. The film also stars Jennifer Connelly, Logan Lerman and  Anthony Hopkins  and is set to hit theaters in March 2014.', 'to star in the upcoming TV series "Hannibal," which explores the character Dr. Hannibal Lecter, made famous by  Anthony Hopkins  in the 1991 film "The Silence of the Lambs." A representative for Showtime told People that Danes\' pregnancy is ', "Actor Kal Penn's Final Thoughts After Leaving the White House: 'The Score Keeping on Capital Hill' Is a 'Bummer'", 'Everyone knows the difference between fact and fiction, suspension of disbelief," he said. "Everyone knows that  Anthony Hopkins  didn\'t actually eat people. ... I have not actually had an experience where the conversation has been sidetracked ', 'and filed under "boyfriend," her mother told the court. Hopkins testified that he attended middle school with  Anthony .  Hopkins  said he has no child and never met anyone named Zenaida Fernandez-Gonzalez. Casey Anthony described how Zenaida ', "is right. Any ideas? President Coriolanus Snow:  Anthony Hopkins /Malcolm McDowell. Snow is very minor character in way he looks needs to say lot. I'd go bananas if  Anthony Hopkins  brought a little Hannibal Lector to the role. And ", 'bestinfilm and at People.com . Some of the stars and directors of the winning films, including actors Harrison Ford,  Anthony Hopkins  and Olivia Newton-John -- whose iconic 70\'s film, "Grease," made it on to the Best Musical list -- will ', 'hotel by their parents or grandparents. Sir Michael Redgrave spent the final months of his life at the Goring, Sir  Anthony Hopkins  held his wedding reception at the hotel and Russell Crowe marked the wake of Richard Harris by reciting a poem while ', 'actors. Helen mirren and sir  anthony hopkins . They\'re teaming up once again new faces on the "red" team.  Anthony hopkins  and catherine zeta-jones with dame helen mirren and sir  anthony hopkins . Two of hollywood\'s most distinguished ', 'actors. Helen mirren and sir anthony hopkins . They\'re teaming up once again on the big screen. It\'s a new action movie called "red 2." We talked to bruce willis ', 'this time around, there\'s a few new faces on the "red" team. Anthony hopkins and catherine zeta-jones, who plays a classy assassin. Hello, frank. Yeah. Frank, how are things? Reporter: I sat down with dame helen mirren and sir anthony hopkins . Two of hollywood\'s most distinguished actors. They were in 2012\'s biopic "hitchcock." But playing "red" is altogether different. What drew you to ', "the return of read to was its appropriately called. Once again stars Bruce Willis Helen Mirren Mary Louise Parker  Anthony Hopkins  John. shedding it playing a team of operatives try to track. missing nuclear device. We didn't hear I need to ", "called. Once again stars Bruce Willis Helen Mirren Mary Louise Parker -- Anthony Hopkins John. -- shedding it playing a team of operatives try to track. -- -- missing nuclear device. We didn't hear -- -- ", 'And has the ability to make everyone laugh. We have some new actors in the film. Catherine zeta-jones,  anthony hopkins .  Anthony hopkins . They are all very funny. They have great timing. It was as if no time passed between 2010 and this one ', 'everyone laugh. We have some new actors in the film. Catherine zeta-jones, anthony hopkins . Anthony hopkins . They are all very funny. They have great timing. It was as if no time passed between 2010 and this one. It ', 'music selected hills this winding road. Beverly Hills mansion contestants are not True Katy Perry Jessica Simpson  Anthony Hopkins  from where I am you name it I love doing dentistry I mean it is fine. Smart successful. Loving father. The divorced ', 'mansion contestants are not True -- Katy Perry Jessica Simpson -- -- Anthony Hopkins from where -- -- I am -- you name it I love doing dentistry I mean it is fine. Smart -- successful. ', "winding road. Beverly Hills mansion and distant star Patrick Little door for. Katy Perry Jessica since then Jackman  Anthony Hopkins . From where I sure I'll tell you name it I love doing dentistry I mean it's fine. Smart successful loving father ", "star Patrick Little door for. Katy Perry Jessica since then -- Jackman Anthony Hopkins . From where I sure I'll tell you name it I love doing dentistry I mean -- it's fine. Smart successful -- loving ", "and you can convince you that he's in control even when his characters completely out of it. We're so pleased  Anthony Hopkins  here in the city of this this morning talk but his new supernatural thriller the right so great to having good media ", "his characters completely out of it. We're so pleased -- -- -- Anthony Hopkins here in the city of this this morning talk but his new supernatural thriller the right so great to having good media ", "Before we want to do this week asked some of our viewers to come up with question and we have one right now so I'm shut out. And we're gonna get this monitor and hear from pound backs. Some experts question is what filmmakers inspired you to create. Wild crazy serial film which is look. Looks like"]