["here to announce her newest effort one that very close to home. is the first woman to be a spokesperson for  prostate cancer awareness  and that's because. Her beloved father Steve is a prostate cancer survivor Arenstein entries are here with ", "to home. -- is the first woman to be a spokesperson for prostate cancer awareness and that's because. Her beloved father Steve is a prostate cancer survivor Arenstein entries are here with us this morning good to ", "Clothing to jewelry and candy and more were created to get the message out about this disease as part of national.  Breast Cancer Awareness  Month so to do something very important we're going to take the Self Magazine quits to raise our breast cancer ", "to get the message out about this disease as part of national. Breast Cancer Awareness Month so -- to do something very important we're going to take the Self Magazine quits to raise our breast cancer IQ ", "And a healthy living tonight compelling new information about the crucial role exercise play for all of us against the fight. Of all kinds of cancers and ABC's Linda Davis has the report. Breast cancer change land dory has life and now she's being proactive with something else she believes to be", "guy or gal but do you think. Hot patent well one firefighter and proudly wears hot pink here. All the name of  breast cancer awareness  and ABC's David Curley explains. He's got a very personal reason for doing. Think of firefighters its heavy ", "firefighter -- and proudly wears hot pink here. All the name of breast cancer awareness and ABC's David Curley explains. He's got a very personal reason for doing. Think of firefighters its heavy gear heavy smoke. But ", 'It is  Breast Cancer Awareness  Month celebrities are stepping up their efforts to give back and raise awareness and money for research were so happy to have Don ', 'It is Breast Cancer Awareness Month celebrities are stepping up their efforts to give back and raise awareness and money for research were so happy to have ', 'weekend. The First Lady is leaving on a goodwill trip to the Middle East today as part of a mission to encourage  breast cancer awareness . Mrs. bush will visit the United Arab Emirates Saudi Arabia Jordan and Kuwait. Our own Robin Roberts is traveling ', 'to the Middle East today as part of a mission to encourage breast cancer awareness . Mrs. bush will visit the United Arab Emirates Saudi Arabia Jordan and Kuwait. Our own Robin Roberts is traveling with the First ', 'January is  cervical cancer awareness  month and joining us today to talk about this very important topic is musical sensation and talented actress Mandy Moore. And ', 'January is cervical cancer awareness month and joining us today to talk about this very important topic is musical sensation and talented actress Mandy Moore. And she ', "buzz words heating up the Yahoo! Search engine  breast cancer awareness  has been a popular search Halloween is up there Pamela. Rabbit needing good morning its  Breast Cancer Awareness  Month and Yahoo! is seeing double mean and it's ", "A buzz words heating up the Yahoo! Search engine breast cancer awareness has been a popular search Halloween is up there too and so is your girlfriend Kim Kardashian who's always -- hotly searched item questions -- -- -- Yahoo! trend expert panel wound explains it all good morning Pamela. Rabbit needing good morning -- its Breast Cancer Awareness Month and Yahoo! is seeing double mean and it's -- is on that subject. Now one steady getting a lot of attention ", "today to talk about what Hollywood is doing during  Breast Cancer Awareness  Month. Rachel thanks so much for joining us today not just the face of lot of she's the voice of  cancer awareness  program and you know they recognize how important ", "not just the face of -- lot of she's the voice of cancer awareness program and you know they recognize how important it is for young women to get out there and start testing early so ", 'E! News host hopes to take  breast cancer  " awareness  and turn it into action."', 'Actress Gabrielle Union, Dr. Doris Day discuss  skin - cancer awareness , detection.']