['The new Windows 8 devices have some much-needed personality -- and none more so than the Lenovo IdeaPad Yoga 13. This is a bendy, touchscreen Ultrabook that costs $1,000. You can fold the screen all the way back to use it as a tablet and get the most out of the new Windows 8 touchscreen interface. ', "Just in time for New Year's resolutions, these beefed-up pedometers track more than steps. The Fitbit Zip (left, $60) tracks steps, calories and distance, and lets you compete against friends. The Nike+ Sportwatch GPS (right, $169) records your location, pace, calories and heart rate while keeping you motivated with gentle reminders. ", "Ever wonder what your dog or cat is up to when you're not around? This wearable, battery-powered device will shoot up to two-and-a-half hours of video for you to upload later with a USB cable, included. Available for $99 from Dogtek.com.", "Ten-inch tablets are so last year. This season's hottest gifts are ultraportable 7-inch tablets. They're great for consuming media, and there are quality options for each major operating system. The iPad Mini (left) starts at $329, and Google's Android-based Nexus 7 (right) starts at $199. ", "Tablets are perfect for playing games and watching movies, but avid readers might prefer a mono-tasking device that's easy on the eyes. These E Ink readers have excellent battery life and work in low light. The Kindle Paperwhite (left, $119 with ads) is great for Amazon Prime members. The Nook Simple Touch with GlowLight (right, $119) reads standard ePub files. ", "Cleaning your floor isn't fun -- unless you have a smart floor-cleaning robot that you can control with a remote while sipping a cocktail. Roombas are pricey, from $350 up to $700, but they know exactly where to clean and even go under the bed without complaining (except sometimes on Twitter). ", "This nifty box connects to your DVR or cable set-top box and streams live, high-definition video from your TV to your laptop, tablet or smartphone -- no matter where you are. The Slingbox also gives you remote access to what's stored on your DVR. Available for $179 from electronics retailers.", "Another bit of the future for your home, the Nest thermostat learns your patterns and automates setting the temperature of your home to save money and energy. The Nest, created by a former iPod designer, costs $249. The company just released an upgraded version that's compatible with almost all heating and cooling systems.", 'One problem with singing in the shower is the lack of backup music. The new $199 Moxie showerhead from Kohler addresses this serious problem by placing a removable speaker inside the middle of the actual showerhead. The speaker pairs with your smartphone or music device of choice over Bluetooth. ', "Inexpensive pocket cameras are being replaced by smartphones. But for serious photographers who want a high-quality compact camera, there's Sony's new RX1. It's the smallest available camera with a full-frame sensor, although the price tag is an exorbitant $2,799. For a more reasonably priced, quality compact camera, check out the Fujifilm X10.", "Do you find typing on a tablet tiresome? This flexible silicone keyboard may be for you. It pairs wirelessly with your Bluetooth-enabled iPad and rolls up for easy storage or travel. It's also waterproof, which is handy for clumsy coffee drinkers. Available for $60 from Brookstone.", 'This is for the Instagram enthusiast in your life. The Impossible Project sells refurbished Polaroid cameras, including the Sun 660 ($140). The camera comes with two packs of PX 680 film, and will make you an instant hit at parties. You can even use your smartphone to take a photo of the Polaroid to share on the social network of your choice. ', "For the safety-mided types in your family, these two gadgets are smart additions to any emergency kit. The $100 SpareOne GMS emergency mobile phone runs on AA batteries, doubles as a flashlight, can be located in an emergency and will stay charged (if you don't use it) for up to 15 years. The $60 BoostTurbine2000 is a small backup battery with a hand crank. ", "There's some overlap between coffee geeks and gadget geeks. This beautiful electric coffee dripper from Bodum is for them. Awkwardly named the Bistro b. over, it mixes smart tech with delicious drip coffee. The maker costs $250 and comes in black, red, green or white. ", "Built-in smartphone and tablet speakers don't, as a rule, rock. This portable Bluetooth speaker is the perfect solution. It combines slick design with great sound quality and is available in a variety of customizable colors and textures. The Jawbone Jambox is just 2.24 inches tall and costs $199.", 'The Bowers & Wilkins P5 headphones are not for people content with cheap in-ear buds. These are hi-fi headphones made out of sheep leather and metal, designed to cushion your ears and fill them with rich-sounding tunes while blocking out the rest of the world. The $300 headphones also have a built-in mic so you can take phone calls.', "We've rounded up some of this season's hottest tech gifts, including tiny tablets, classy coffee makers, high-end cameras and a really odd shower head.", "There's something here for almost everyone on your list (except kids -- those suggestions are coming soon). Your mom might enjoy a new camera, your dad a smart thermostat, and your significant other an e-reader with a backlight so they can read in bed at night without keeping you awake. You might enjoy that, too.", "And when in doubt, just pick up a tablet. They're cheaper than ever, and everyone can appreciate a tablet.", 'Let us know in the comments what tech toy is at the top of your wish list. (Santa does not typically read the comment sections on news articles, but you never know when his elves are trolling.)']