['A  plague  -infected squirrel dusted the area for  plague -infected fleas. " Plague  is a bacterial infection Plague  is caused by  Yersinia pestis , a microscopic bug Fielding said. Girl With  Bubonic Plague  Saved by Quick-Thinking ', 'long battle to survive, threatened constantly by the changing Western landscape and everything from fleas to the  bubonic plague  to its own kinfolk. It turns out there is a nasty side to the story of a highly social animal known for public displays ', 'and everything from fleas to the  bubonic plague  to its own kinfolk. It turns dog houses, and many die from  bubonic plague , which they can carry and inflict including humans. "When the  plague  moves in, all the prairie dogs ', 'the 7-year-old Colorado girl who contracted the  bubonic plague  while camping with her family, has now taken her squirrel to Sierra Jane, infecting their young host with  bubonic plague  -- the same Black Death that killed 25 million people ', 'listed as  bubonic plague . Snow promptly first case of  bubonic plague  that either Snow was once called  the Black Death , had not been seen since 2006.  Bubonic plague  is generally danger] about  bubonic plague  and  the Black', 'which were ravaged by the black  plague , an infection prevalent in after he contracted the  plague  in early June, said his niece said. Although cases of the  plague  are rare and they are usually got in at the beginning."  The Black Death  that killed 50 million Europeans ', "can spread the  plague . Groundhogs and bacterium that causes  bubonic plague . If someone is It's the same  bubonic plague  that decimated exposed to the  plague  bacterium in his were the cause of  the Black Death , and these furry ", 'according to the report .  Plague  from a Pet? After came down with the  plague  , according to a cat-associated human  plague  -- five of which Seventeen cases were  bubonic plague  -- the cause of  the  " Black Death " that wiped out ', 'transporting 30 vials of the deadly  bubonic plague . Officials said Dr. Thomas Butler working on cures for cholera and  bubonic plague  at Texas Tech, lost his job after of smuggling  plague  pathogens.  Bubonic plague , an ancient disease that causes ', 'had DNA of the malaria parasite, although none had evidence of tuberculosis, leprosy, leishmaniasis, or pandemic  bubonic plague . The researchers also discovered the identity of several of the mummies, whereas only three had identities known ', 'reservoir, like  plague , or long-term diseases still  plague  humans around Pneumonic/ Bubonic Plague  The pneumonic the bacterium  Yersinia pestis , the difference earlier this month,  bubonic plague  still persists ', 'afflicted with pneumonic  plague  as "near death" in northwestern well, confirmed with the  plague . They reportedly are mostly over the weekend. Pneumonic  plague , caused by airborne bacteria found in  bubonic plague  , can kill about 60 percent ', "this one straight out of the Middle Ages the case of  bubonic plague  ABC's was in Colorado tonight. Little see our Jane from the squirrel to their young host infecting with  bubonic plague . The same black death that killed 25 million people ", "headlines this one straight out of the Middle Ages the case of bubonic plague ABC's -- -- -- was in Colorado tonight. Little see our Jane downing is in the hospital recovering from -- fight for ", 'fleas jump from the squirrel to their young host infecting -- with bubonic plague . The same black death that killed 25 million people during the Middle Ages. But with an average of only seven US cases ', 'bug bites combined with the recent encounter with the dead squirrel brought her to Denver the first actual case of  bubonic plague  these doctors had ever seen. You know you read about how. Building community and it is it is impressively so how ', 'the dead squirrel brought her to Denver the first actual case of bubonic plague these doctors had ever seen. You know you read about how. Building community and it is it is impressively so how rapidly ', 'or try to figure out how resident monkey contracted  bubonic plague . Zoo at the eight year old animal died early last week treated with antibiotics. Health officials say the  plague  is common in some animals this time of year and that ', "the Denver -- or try to figure out how resident monkey contracted bubonic plague . Zoo -- at the eight year old animal died early last week but they only found out the cause of death on Friday. None of the other seventeen monkeys in the exhibit seem to be ill still they're being treated with antibiotics. Health officials say the plague is common in some animals this time of year and that the unlucky monkey may have eaten a strip since world. "]