['(CNN) -- The robbers, police say, were "well informed" and had carefully chosen the time and place of their heist.', 'As police officers were busy keeping an eye on areas popular with New Year revelers, four armed and masked robbers forced their way into an Apple store in central Paris and made off with as much as $1.3 million worth of iPhones, iPads and other devices.', 'The robbers entered through a service entrance into the store, which had closed for the day, using violence to intimidate store employees, said Agnes Thibault-Lecuivre, a spokeswoman for the Paris prosecutors office.', 'They then "calmly" went through boxes full of Apple products in the basement storeroom, seeking out iPhones, iPads and laptops, said Christophe Crepin, spokesman for UNSA Police, a national police trade union.', '"They knew exactly what they were taking," he said, noting that the robbery focused on the merchandise in the storeroom and left the devices on display inside the store untouched.', 'They loaded the stolen goods, estimated to have a retail value of around one million euros ($1.3 million), into a Mercedes van parked nearby and sped off, he said.', "Thibault-Lecuivre declined to confirm the value of the robbers' haul, saying that Apple managers were still working out how much had been taken.", 'Housed in an elegant Haussmann-style building in a popular shopping district, the store Apple Store at Opera is one of two in central Paris. The other is in an underground mall connected to the Louvre.', 'Advocates say the exam includes unnecessarily invasive and irrelevant procedures -- like a so-called "two finger" test.', 'Supplies of food, clothing and fuel are running short in Damascus and people are going hungry as the civil war drags on. ', 'Supporters of Richard III want a reconstruction of his head to bring a human aspect to a leader portrayed as a murderous villain.', 'Robert Fowler spent 130 days held hostage by the same al Qaeda group that was behind the Algeria massacre. He shares his experience.', 'As "We are the World" plays, a video shows what looks like a nuclear attack on the U.S. Jim Clancy reports on a bizarre video from North Korea.', 'The relationship is, once again, cold enough to make Obama\'s much-trumpeted "reset" in Russian-U.S. relations seem thoroughly off the rails.', 'Ten years on, what do you think the Iraq war has changed in you, and in your country? Send us your thoughts and experiences.', 'Musician Daniela Mercury has sold more than 12 million albums worldwide over a career span of nearly 30 years.', 'Photojournalist Alison Wright travelled the world to capture its many faces in her latest book, "Face to Face: Portraits of the Human Spirit."', "Europol claims 380 soccer matches, including top level ones, were fixed - as the scandal widens, CNN's Dan Rivers looks at how it's done.", 'That galaxy far, far away is apparently bigger than first thought. The "Star Wars" franchise will get two spinoff movies, Disney announced.', "It's an essential part of any trip, an activity we all take part in. Yet almost none of us are any good at it. Souvenir buying is too often an obligatory slog."]