["Alcohol Abuse Though she is expected to spend her year as Miss USA on a nationwide speaking tour raising breast and ovarian  cancer awareness , the organization's official cause, Brady also plans to talk about something closer to her heart: helping children ", 'was asked to participate in a PSA to promote  prostate cancer awareness , she says it was a "no-brainer" because personal," Cross, 51, who also advocated for  breast cancer awareness  after her friend - the same friend whose husband ', 'an official time. "The main goal is to take my dad to the places he never got to go to and also to spread  prostate cancer awareness ," Vinecki said. Despite Vinecki\'s youth, she is not the only young person who had a goal to finish a marathon ', 'Robin Roberts to be Honored with the Arthur Ashe Courage Award at The 2013 ESPYS on July 17', 'She empowered viewers as they followed her journey to successfully beat the disease and began speaking out on  breast cancer awareness  and treatment. Her courageous public battle has been recognized with honors from organizations around the country ', 'pay for Borges\' annual overhead, she said. Borges, who appeared on "The Today Show" last week to talk about colon- cancer awareness  and her new project, said she has never been more content. "I think I\'m having more fun now. My perspective on life ', 'last resort. ABC News contacted Fisher through beatingbowelcancer.org , a British charity dedicated to improving bowel  cancer awareness  and increasing early diagnoses. The charity also recommended speaking with Dr. Kevin Monahan of the Family History of ', "one likes to get screened for colon cancer. It's a bit unpleasant, and embarrassing to talk about. But it's colon  cancer awareness  month, so take this to heart: Don't die from embarrassment. Do it for those who you love and those who depend on you ", 'Colorectal Cancer Awareness  Month Kicks Off With Giant, Inflatable Colon in Times Square', 'it was in New York City to kick off National Colorectal  Cancer Awareness  Month . "People laugh and they\'re a little bit shy and 12-year colon cancer survivor. Wearing her blue colon  cancer awareness  T-shirt, the 51-year-old Siejo stood with other ', '?format=embed&player_autoplay=false" width="500"/> Katie\'s Take March is National Colorectal  Cancer Awareness  Month and Katie Couric wants you to get screened! After losing her husband, Jay Monahan, to Colon Cancer in 1998 ', 'works at a local animal shelter, said she chose to petition Victoria\'s Secret because it has participated in  breast cancer awareness  campaigns in the past -- Victoria Secret\'s 2012 "Think Pink" campaign donated more than $1.1 million ', 'works at a local animal shelter, said she chose to petition Victoria\'s Secret because it has participated in  breast cancer awareness  campaigns in the past -- Victoria Secret\'s 2012 "Think Pink" campaign donated more than $1.1 million ', 'Foundation (now known as the LIVESTRONG Foundation) to help people with cancer cope, as well as foster a community for  cancer awareness . Armstrong resigned late last year as chairman of the LIVESTRONG Foundation, which raised millions of dollars in the ', 'Foundation (now known as the LIVESTRONG Foundation) to help people with cancer cope, as well as foster a community for  cancer awareness . Armstrong resigned late last year as chairman of the LIVESTRONG Foundation, which raised millions of dollars in the ', "And survey finds most women feel they are not at risk for HPV infection. Infect 80% of women however will acquire the human Petaluma virus at some point in their lives often goes away on its own but for some women. It can cause cell changes that could lead to cervical cancer we're joined today by", "here to announce her newest effort one that very close to home. is the first woman to be a spokesperson for  prostate cancer awareness  and that's because. Her beloved father Steve is a prostate cancer survivor Arenstein entries are here with ", "to home. -- is the first woman to be a spokesperson for prostate cancer awareness and that's because. Her beloved father Steve is a prostate cancer survivor Arenstein entries are here with us this morning good to ", "Clothing to jewelry and candy and more were created to get the message out about this disease as part of national.  Breast Cancer Awareness  Month so to do something very important we're going to take the Self Magazine quits to raise our breast cancer ", "to get the message out about this disease as part of national. Breast Cancer Awareness Month so -- to do something very important we're going to take the Self Magazine quits to raise our breast cancer IQ ", "And a healthy living tonight compelling new information about the crucial role exercise play for all of us against the fight. Of all kinds of cancers and ABC's Linda Davis has the report. Breast cancer change land dory has life and now she's being proactive with something else she believes to be", "guy or gal but do you think. Hot patent well one firefighter and proudly wears hot pink here. All the name of  breast cancer awareness  and ABC's David Curley explains. He's got a very personal reason for doing. Think of firefighters its heavy ", "firefighter -- and proudly wears hot pink here. All the name of breast cancer awareness and ABC's David Curley explains. He's got a very personal reason for doing. Think of firefighters its heavy gear heavy smoke. But "]