["Clinton's eating habits caught up with him when he left the Oval Office. In 2004, the former president underwent  quadruple bypass surgery  and in February 2010 Clinton had another surgery to clear a blocked artery in his heart. Clinton subsequently ", 'more. It\'s an abnormal response and it hits both ends." Blair finally got a proper diagnosis and, after  quadruple bypass surgery  and 10 stents around her heart, she is on medication. Her son Christian, too, is being treated. Blair\'s ', 'names like " Single Bypass ," "Double Bypass," " Triple Bypass ," " Quadruple Bypass " and so forth. The " Quadruple Bypass  Burger order a " Single Bypass  Burger eating a " Triple Bypass  Burger ', 'Clinton, Barnstormer " For a president who was impeached in an ugly scandal during his second term, and then suffered a  quadruple bypass  and heart complications, Bill Clinton is proving that he\'s still a political force to be reckoned with. The 42nd president ', "BATTLEGROUNDS FOR OBAMA. For a president who was impeached in an ugly scandal during his second term, and then suffered a  quadruple bypass  and heart complications, Bill Clinton is proving that he's still a political force to be reckoned with reports ABC's ", "For a president who was impeached in an ugly scandal during his second term, and then suffered a  quadruple bypass  and heart complications, Bill Clinton is proving that he's still a political force to be reckoned with. The 42nd president has ", "hesitant women are to believe they are having a heart attack. She had one herself 10 years ago, undergoing  quadruple - bypass surgery  to repair blockages in her arteries. Like O'Donnell, she delayed getting help for weeks, continuing to ", 'Hamburger" for its 9,983 calorie " Quadruple Bypass  Burger." The Heart Attack Grill offers after eating the 6,000 calorie " Triple Bypass  Burger." Surprisingly, little medical Heart Attack Grill\'s owner has had a  single bypass  burger every day since the restaurant ', 'who have had a previous cardiac event, such as a heart attack or  bypass surgery . One study the authors examined as part of their review showed patients who have  bypass surgery  still benefit from being optimistic; their recoveries are faster ', 'where she hoped doctors would give her something for her flu symptoms. Instead, they cut open her chest and performed a  triple bypass . "I had no idea I was having a heart attack," said Kemit. "I\'d had only ever seen my father have a heart attack ', 'From Akiko FUJITA in Tokyo: Emperor Akihito checked in to the hospital at University of Tokyo today, to prepare for his  bypass surgery  tomorrow. While the surgery is expected to be without complications, his latest health scare has brought questions about ', 'A man suffered an apparent heart attack while eating a " Triple Bypass  Burger" at the Heart Attack Grill in Las Vegas. The hospital themed restaurant is infamous for its self-proclaimed unhealthy food.', 'announced he will be undergoing  triple bypass surgery  his heart later this week. What exactly is  triple bypass surgery  how common is this procedure President Bill Clinton in his  quadruple bypass  it happened right here in ', "TV personality Regis Philbin has announced he will be undergoing triple bypass surgery -- his heart later this week. What exactly is triple bypass surgery how common is this procedure. We're joined by doctor frank -- chief Louis cardinals drastic surgery at Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center. ", "new to me I didn't know Dana -- had undergone a double bypass surgery seven years ago. And of course we -- know about former President Bill Clinton in his quadruple bypass it happened right here in New York. Doctor -- what what how dangerous is this procedure for Regis to undergo. What is ", "all three of the major coronary arteries they probably benefit more from bypass surgery and by from -- -- And what would -- risks being to him for undergoing this at his age. Well he's got that old he's probably -- -- for somebody undergoing bypass surgery . But the risk would be a stroke heart attack bleeding complications -- of the small but real chance of dying from the ", "Talk show host Regis Philbin says he'll have  triple bypass surgery  later this week. He made that announcement on his show Regis and Kelly this morning. Philbin is 76 year results.", "Talk show host Regis Philbin says he'll have triple bypass surgery later this week. He made that announcement on his show Regis and Kelly this morning. Philbin is 76 year results. ", 'considered by many of his peers to be one of the greatest surgeons ever has died. Doctor Michael debate He pioneered  heart bypass surgery  his was a labor of love that lasted more than seventy years. Doctor Michael debate key will be remembered as a ', 'of the greatest surgeons ever has died. Doctor Michael debate He pioneered heart bypass surgery his was a labor of love that lasted more than seventy years. Doctor Michael debate key will be remembered as a medical ', 'positive new findings about robotic  bypass surgery  the University of Maryland study minimally invasive robot for  heart bypass surgery  improved results recovery time surgery costs more than standard  bypass surgery  but it can lead to cost savings ', "-- today sect -- positive new findings about robotic bypass surgery the University of Maryland study found using a minimally invasive robot for heart bypass surgery improved results recovery time. And led to fewer complications. The Da Vinci robot requires only a few small incisions. To -- -- tiny robotic arms in the chest that means doctors don't have to cut open the -- to break any bones. The robotic surgery costs more than standard bypass surgery but it can lead to cost savings down the road was shorter hospital stays and patients getting back to work sooner. Tens ", "know. President Bill Clinton former president Clinton's  quadruple bypass  heart surgery was conducted this morning. Preparations morning around. 8 o'clock He had a relatively routine.  Quadruple bypass  operation. We left the operating room around noon and ", "As you may know. President Bill Clinton former president Clinton's quadruple bypass heart surgery was conducted this morning. Preparations for the operation began about 6:45 AM eastern time and word. But the operation was ", "operation. Starting this morning around. 8 o'clock He had a relatively routine. Quadruple bypass operation. We left the operating room around noon and He is recovering normally at this point so I think right now everything ", "cutting edge medical technology that is revolutionizing  heart bypass surgery . Almost half a million bypass operations are done felt ready to get right back to it just days after  bypass surgery  and pilgrim. There are no pain. We've how could ", "Tonight a closer look at cutting edge medical technology that is revolutionizing heart bypass surgery . Almost half a million bypass operations are done in this country every year it's effective and replacing clogged arteries. But doctors have to open a patient's rib cage and recovery can take months. Now some surgeons are using robots to help performed bypasses they say it's better for patients and better for the bottom line here's ABC's Ned potter. Rogers -- removes furniture for a living many felt ready to get right back to it just days after bypass surgery and pilgrim. There are no pain. We've -- how could that be. Because most of whose surgery was done with this -- "]