['human cases a year in the U.S., according to the  Centers for Disease Control and Prevention  . It\'s also curable with antibiotics, but can cause known as buboes, near the bite, according to the  CDC . "The earlier a patient seeks medical care and receives ', "still don't know where it originated, according to the  Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . Cyclospora, the one-celled parasite that causes typically seen in the United States, according to the  CDC . Most of the people affected were in Iowa, Nebraska ", 'sugar. Roughly half of all Americans consume a sugary drink every day, according to the U.S.  Centers for Disease Control and Prevention  . Among those younger than 20, 70 percent of males and 60 percent of females have at least one ', 'births, more than 61,000 births in 2008, the last year for which there are statistics from the  Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . But despite advances in medical technology, society still stigmatizes women who cannot conceive ', "It causes diarrhea and other flu-like symptoms. The  Centers for Disease Control and Prevention  says the infection has been reported in Iowa, Nebraska illnesses occurred from mid-June to early July. The  CDC  says it isn't clear whether the cases are all linked ", 'originated, according to the  Centers for Disease Control and Prevention  . Cyclospora, the one-celled States, according to the  CDC . Most of the people affected a few cases, as well. " CDC  really has their hands full infected each other. "The  CDC  has to find a connection ', 'Disease Heart disease is the leading cause of death in the United States, killing 616,000 people per year, according to the  CDC . And, unlike cancer, it seems to affect shorter people more than their taller counterparts. A 2010 review of 52 studies involving ', "rabies-infected kidney caused the recipient's disease. It was compiled by researchers from the federal  Centers for Disease Control and Prevention  and others, and published Tuesday in the Journal of the American Medical Association. Doctors ", 'African American and Hispanic communities being classified as overweight or obese. According to the  Centers for Disease Control and Prevention  ( CDC ) more than a third of all children and adolescents in America are overweight or obese. In fact ', 'infectious encephalitis," the authors wrote. Read about how  CDC  scientists traced the kidney recipient\'s death to the nearly 100 percent successful, according to the U.S.  Centers for Disease Control and Prevention  . The three people who received the donor\'s heart ', 'cyclospora infection causing diarrhea and other flu-like symptoms has been reported in Iowa, Nebraska, Texas, and Wisconsin. The  CDC  said eight people have been hospitalized and the reported illnesses occurred from mid-June to early July. The Food and Drug ', 'Scientists from the U.S.  Centers for Disease Control and Prevention  have confirmed that the were reported to the  Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , compared to roughly that same year. The  CDC  recommends taking the ', "stomach bug that's been spreading. The  cdc  says it's spreading and affecting people know about this bug? How is it different?  Cdc  has their hands full with this one. Cypress antibiotic to take care of the symptoms. But the  cdc  has to find a connection between these people ", "Now, to that mysterious stomach bug that's been spreading. The cdc says it's spreading and affecting people in eight states right now. Sickening more than 250 and sending at least 10 people to the hospital. Abc news chief health and medical editor, dr. Richard besser is here with details. Whwe know about this bug? How is it different? Cdc has their hands full with this one. Cypress 4 is the name of the bug. It spends to be found in the ", "properly, there's an antibiotic to take care of the symptoms. But the cdc has to find a connection between these people. And so far, they h't figured out what links all these people together. That's ", 'prohibition that exist. President. Like that prohibition And now says he wants that ten million dollars the  Center for Disease Control . To restart the gun violence prevention research they had in the past been doing. Why are we afraid of ', '-- And now says he wants that ten million dollars -- the Center for Disease Control . To restart the gun violence prevention research they had in the past been doing. Why are we afraid of information -- society. ', "right, dan. There's a lag time when patients go to a health care provider and when the cases get reported to the  cdc  and when the  cdc  releases the numbers. It varies about one to two weeks. We're not even close to through the worst part of it ", "a health care provider and when the cases get reported to the cdc and when the cdc releases the numbers. It varies about one to two weeks. We're not even close to through the worst part of it. One ", "hospitalized, cases in minnesota, illinois, indiana and ohio. The  cdc  and fda are warning consumers. Like every other manufactured symptoms include fever, chills, severe headache and vomiting. The  cdc  says the cheese could be in stores, restaurants and people's ", "dead, five are hospitalized, cases in minnesota, illinois, indiana and ohio. The cdc and fda are warning consumers. Like every other manufactured item, cars are recalled, doesn't stop you from buying it. Reporter: The company ", "cases. Reporter: The symptoms include fever, chills, severe headache and vomiting. The cdc says the cheese could be in stores, restaurants and people's homes. We left messages with crave brothers but have not heard back. ", 'or Why only now. One order directs a  Center for Disease Control  research causes of gun violence. Contrary have heard congress is never prohibited  CDC  from researching gun violence rather president could not legally have directed  CDC  to conduct that sort. I was taken aback ', 'shooting or after or -- Why only now. One order directs a Center for Disease Control -- research causes of gun violence. Contrary to what you may have heard congress is never prohibited CDC from researching gun violence rather congress prevented federal research to quote. Advocate or promote gun control what some government researchers have been doing under the guise of taxpayer support science. Had congress actually prohibited gun violence reserves the president could not legally have directed CDC to conduct that -- sort. I was taken aback when the president cited the declaration of independence and the constitution -- sources ', 'Center for Disease Control  cite 16 cases of Listeria in Rocky Ford, CO. region.', "The  Center for Disease Control  finds chlamydia is on the rise in an number of cases ever reported to the CD  CDC  on any condition. The infection is it's very important. Just like the  CDC  recommends to have women under 26 years ", "The Center for Disease Control finds chlamydia is on the rise in an alarming rate to report finds there one point one million chlamydia cases in 2007. Up about a 100000 since 2006. This is the largest number of cases ever reported to the CD CDC on any condition. The infection is silent and many women don't even know they have it and yet it is one of "]