['More than 250 people have been sickened by the bug and at least 10 sent to the hospital.', 'prohibition that exist. President. Like that prohibition And now says he wants that ten million dollars the  Center for Disease Control . To restart the gun violence prevention research they had in the past been doing. Why are we afraid of ', '-- And now says he wants that ten million dollars -- the Center for Disease Control . To restart the gun violence prevention research they had in the past been doing. Why are we afraid of information -- society. ', "right, dan. There's a lag time when patients go to a health care provider and when the cases get reported to the  cdc  and when the  cdc  releases the numbers. It varies about one to two weeks. We're not even close to through the worst part of it ", "a health care provider and when the cases get reported to the cdc and when the cdc releases the numbers. It varies about one to two weeks. We're not even close to through the worst part of it. One ", "hospitalized, cases in minnesota, illinois, indiana and ohio. The  cdc  and fda are warning consumers. Like every other manufactured symptoms include fever, chills, severe headache and vomiting. The  cdc  says the cheese could be in stores, restaurants and people's ", "dead, five are hospitalized, cases in minnesota, illinois, indiana and ohio. The cdc and fda are warning consumers. Like every other manufactured item, cars are recalled, doesn't stop you from buying it. Reporter: The company ", "cases. Reporter: The symptoms include fever, chills, severe headache and vomiting. The cdc says the cheese could be in stores, restaurants and people's homes. We left messages with crave brothers but have not heard back. ", 'or Why only now. One order directs a  Center for Disease Control  research causes of gun violence. Contrary have heard congress is never prohibited  CDC  from researching gun violence rather president could not legally have directed  CDC  to conduct that sort. I was taken aback ', 'shooting or after or -- Why only now. One order directs a Center for Disease Control -- research causes of gun violence. Contrary to what you may have heard congress is never prohibited CDC from researching gun violence rather congress prevented federal research to quote. Advocate or promote gun control what some government researchers have been doing under the guise of taxpayer support science. Had congress actually prohibited gun violence reserves the president could not legally have directed CDC to conduct that -- sort. I was taken aback when the president cited the declaration of independence and the constitution -- sources ', 'Center for Disease Control  cite 16 cases of Listeria in Rocky Ford, CO. region.', "The  Center for Disease Control  finds chlamydia is on the rise in an number of cases ever reported to the CD  CDC  on any condition. The infection is it's very important. Just like the  CDC  recommends to have women under 26 years ", "The Center for Disease Control finds chlamydia is on the rise in an alarming rate to report finds there one point one million chlamydia cases in 2007. Up about a 100000 since 2006. This is the largest number of cases ever reported to the CD CDC on any condition. The infection is silent and many women don't even know they have it and yet it is one of ", 'Mothers, Wives, Sisters and Daughters are Dying From Prescription Drug Overdoses', 'striking our neighbors and families. A new alert tonight from the  cdc  says the number of women dying from overdoses in america is sky Reporter: Women are more likely to consult doctors for pain and the  cdc  says are more likely to go doctor shopping, getting prescriptions ', 'epidemic striking our neighbors and families. A new alert tonight from the cdc says the number of women dying from overdoses in america is sky More women die from overdoses on all drugs than die ', 'Reporter: Women are more likely to consult doctors for pain and the cdc says are more likely to go doctor shopping, getting prescriptions from multiple providers. This woman told us she saw her primary doctor ', 'option and the like. The reality is the biggest driver of health care costs are individual choices. The  Center for Disease Control  says. Eighty cents out of every dollar spent on preventable disease within health care system so when two ', 'is the biggest driver of health care costs are individual choices. The Center for Disease Control says. Eighty cents out of every dollar spent on preventable disease within -- health care system so when two thirds of our ', "Schizophrenic. And yet not determined by the law to be insane. And where she also spent a lot of time at the  Center for Disease Control  in your time there. Helping you know. Looking at like this and helping communities cope what's most important ", "insane. And where she also spent a lot of time at the Center for Disease Control in your time there. Helping you know. Looking at -- like this and helping communities cope what's most important -- Well I ", "be. Schizophrenic. And yet not determined by the law to be insane. And also spent a lot of time at the  Center for Disease Control  in your time there. Looking at like this and helping communities cope what's most important Well I think ", "be insane. And -- also spent a lot of time at the Center for Disease Control in your time there. -- -- Looking at -- like this and helping communities cope what's most important -- Well I think ", "sleep over the weekend or are you still filling kind of tired as usual. You're not alone if you do the  Center for Disease Control  reports more than a third Abbas are not getting enough shot so sweet as now big business that spawned a whole ", "kind of tired as usual. You're not alone if you do the Center for Disease Control reports more than a third Abbas are not getting enough shot -- so sweet as now big business that spawned a whole ", 'if meeting. But the video had thousands of parents crying grows critics saying it was un hygienic. The  Center for Disease Control  warns food can transmit infectious diseases stress tooth decay does because something has been done in the ', "of parents crying grows -- critics saying it was un hygienic. The Center for Disease Control warns -- -- food can transmit infectious diseases stress -- tooth decay does because something has been done in the past doesn't ", "didn't go anywhere because so many have gotten so sick the  Center for Disease Control  is recommending that the Mercury stop sailing for at least planning for your crews few things you can do go to the  CDC  website you can look at do this ship inspection. And see ", "and didn't go anywhere because so many have gotten so sick the Center for Disease Control is recommending that the Mercury stop sailing for at least three days. For a thorough disinfection. So liberty cruises tells ABC news ", 'And who was also affiliated with. The  CDC  she is one of the authors on the study came to. And me it the got out of the  center for disease control  and that has been an ongoing at fault Chronic Fatigue Syndrome. And them the  CDC  had been farming a study oval in Wichita ', "the Emory school of medicine. And who was also affiliated with. The CDC she is one of the authors on the study that is being published. About the effect of trauma and it's possible link to adult chronic fatigue sender and we welcome -- -- the program doctor -- Hello good morning thanks for having -- You're very welcome. Please take the time to briefly describe. The study. How you did it and what kind of conclusion you came to. And me -- it the -- got out of the center for disease control and that has been an ongoing at fault who. -- -- and -- study the causes of Chronic Fatigue Syndrome. And them -- the CDC had been -- farming a study oval -- -- in Wichita Kansas. That they celebrates the population. Fall case -- who looked ", "we're onto the auctions this great do you think for the But when you use a wash. Its mark on the the  CDC . Experts  Center for Disease Control . Just twenty cent twenty seconds hand washing. Which you know nobody I am the first to admit I do ", 'when you use a wash. Its mark on the -- -- the CDC . Experts Center for Disease Control . Just twenty cent twenty seconds -- hand washing. Which you know nobody -- -- I am the first to admit I do ', 'developed in collaboration with the  Center for Disease Control . For more on this joined by Greg are most in need. Studies by the  CDC  by the  Centers for Disease Control and Prevention  show that it reduces Dario. Illness ', "safe drinking water people who are most in need. Studies by the CDC by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention show that it reduces Dario. Illness by an average of 50%. Because we started to stir you'll start to see large particles ", 'dying of prescription drug overdose and cervical cancer. The  cdc  says more women are overdosing on prescription pills than ever pain pills after a cosmetic procedure. A new report from the  cdc  has alarming, new statistics of women fighting addictions to ', 'to pain pills after a cosmetic procedure. A new report from the cdc has alarming, new statistics of women fighting addictions to prescription meds. The report revealed a woman is admitted to the e.R. For ', "when he got to make apartment that looks like a real art dealer real woman mother that guy from my ideals dot com and use the  CDC  measurements of a nineteen year old woman to figure out what a real Barbie would look like if she had a There she yeah. That's ", 'woman mother that guy from my ideals dot com and use the CDC measurements of a nineteen year old woman to figure out what a real Barbie would look like if she had -- -- ', "whether they can bring the army on this and how many people they can get there and And rich you had in the  center for disease control 's response during hurricane. Katrina what are the first things that first responders have to do when they ", "can get there and -- -- And rich you had in the center for disease control's response during hurricane. Katrina what are the first things that first responders have to do when they hit the ground. Both basically "]