['given to father-and-son duo Dick and Rick Hoyt by actor-director Ben Affleck. The younger Hoyt was born with  cerebral palsy  and is unable to use his hands and legs. His 73-year-old father Dick pushes him in a custom-made running chair ', 'given to father-and-son duo Dick and Rick Hoyt by actor-director Ben Affleck. The younger Hoyt was born with  cerebral palsy  and is unable to use his hands and legs. His 73-year-old father Dick pushes him in a custom-made running chair ', 'seventh-graders from Tennessee. Jared, who has  cerebral palsy , is wheelchair-bound, but the Sunset Middle School make that happen?" he said. WATCH: Student With  Cerebral Palsy  Wins Wrestling Match The coach, Randy Stevens [no ', 'For James and Libby Waechter, 12-year-old twins with  cerebral palsy , their backyard has never been so accessible, let alone adventurous. "Oh my gosh, it is super fun," the twins\' mother ', 'Dwarf Siblings Live Large at College One day Young came across a YouTube video of Team Hoyt . Rick Hoyt, 51, has  cerebral palsy , but his father, Dick Hoyt, 72, pushes him in a wheelchair during runs, pulls him in a special boat during swims ', 'is impressed with her spirit and her talent. He, too, has been blind since birth and uses a walker because of  cerebral palsy . "She is very technologically savvy," said Long, who is from Fuquay-Varina, N.C. "We both want to go into ', 'said his condition is similar to Angelman syndrome, a neuro-genetic disorder that is sometimes misdiagnosed with  cerebral palsy  or autism, according to the Angelman Syndrome Foundation. "Alex is all I have," he said. LeBlanc said he hopes ', 'diabetics. She said that she will soon be on the list for a new pancreas. With a daughter and a 16-year-old son with  cerebral palsy , she says she needs to be in top form. For now, she\'s happy that both she and Aleksandra are unscathed. "Every ', 'hoaxes that were all too successful. 1. Dave on Wheels "Dave on Wheels" was a 24-year-old quadriplegic with  cerebral palsy  who used special technology to communicate online via his blog, Twitter, and Facebook. His inspirational words and ', 'had sex before." Such was the case with Alexander Freeman , a 25-year-old American filmmaker who was born with  cerebral palsy  and craves intimacy but has never had sexual intercourse. "It\'s not just the act, but to touch another person ', 'her toddler-sized wheelchair, unable to interact with her new family because of her disabilities, which include  cerebral palsy  and a genetic disorder called 1p36 deletion, which renders her unable to speak. But a few days ago, the three-year-old ', 'world commending them as true sportsmen. Jared, 13, who moved to Brentwood just one year ago from Florida, has  cerebral palsy , a congenital disorder that leaves him wheelchair-bound and with the physical capabilities of roughly a six-month-old ', 'Colorado State University program, constructed a playground twins, 12, with  Cerebral palsy .', 'Jack McGraw, an 8th grader with  cerebral palsy  achieved his dream by scoring a touchdown.', 'Currently 13 of all cases of  cerebral palsy  are linked to premature birth. But doctors have discovered receive the salt cut their risk for moderate to severe  cerebral palsy  by 45%. Doctors theorize that the treatment help ', 'Currently 13 of all cases of cerebral palsy are linked to premature birth. But doctors have discovered a simple but effective treatment that lowers the risk for this neurological disorder ', "mothers receive the -- salt cut their risk for moderate to severe cerebral palsy by 45%. Doctors theorize that the treatment help stabilize blood vessels in the mother thereby keeping oxygen supply to the baby's brain. ", 'the bonds are formed outside. But cayden has been relegated to the sideline for most of his life. Diagnosed with  cerebral palsy , unable to walk or talk. It was really hard for them to bond. Conner wished that cayden could come out and play ', 'been relegated to the sideline for most of his life. Diagnosed with cerebral palsy , unable to walk or talk. It was really hard for them to bond. Conner wished that cayden could come out and play ', "to call this extraordinary doesn't even begin to describe it. Take a closer look. You see, jared stevens has  cerebral palsy . But he doesn't let that stop him. He wants to wrestle. He asked coach if he could get on the mat. That's ", "to describe it. Take a closer look. You see, jared stevens has cerebral palsy . But he doesn't let that stop him. He wants to wrestle. He asked coach if he could get on the mat. That's ", "Some I really want to show you a lesson for all of us about the value of sportsmanship. It comes from two middle school wrestlers in Tennessee Jared. Who has terrible policy and his opponent just how they'd never met which makes what Justin did that much more special. Pulled Jared on his back he", "HIM. I THINK THAT HAD BEEN ON HIS MIND MORE THAN WE KNOW AS A PARENT. Reporter: CAYDEN LONG WAS DIAGNOSED WITH  CEREBRAL PALSY  SHORTLY AFTER BIRTH. DOCTORS BELIEVED HE WOULD NEVER WALK OR TALK. PEOPLE DON'T REALIZE THAT WHEN YOU'RE SPECIAL ", "THAN WE KNOW AS A PARENT. Reporter: CAYDEN LONG WAS DIAGNOSED WITH CEREBRAL PALSY SHORTLY AFTER BIRTH. DOCTORS BELIEVED HE WOULD NEVER WALK OR TALK. PEOPLE DON'T REALIZE THAT WHEN YOU'RE SPECIAL NEEDS AND IN A "]