['A Meet the Press roundtable discusses the concept of self-defense and whether the laws regarding it should be adjusted.', 'This content comes from Closed Captioning that was broadcast along with this program.', ' -- that really redefine the concepts of what we consider to be self-defense. the attorney general was in ', " this week. and he spoke about it in a way that the president echoed later. here's what the attorney general said.", "it's time to question laws that senselessly expand the concept of self-defense and so dangerous in our neighborhoods. these laws tried to fix something that was never broken. there has always been a ", ", some republicans have immediately politicized this into the gun debate and said -- when i say politicized, i'm not making a judgment, but they are putting this into the gun argument about the ability to defend oneself. in this particular case, you have the ", "don't do that. he gets back into his car. he says he feels threatened. and he follows him.", "and that's what the facts -- that's what the facts tell us. but the question now becomes, is this a proper role for the ", " now and tell them how to rechange -- or change their laws or to remake their laws? no. this is something that's going to have to get worked out state by state. you have 21 ", ". so when we start this conversation, you have people talking about, well, i'm going to boycott ", ". i'm not going to perform there. i'm not going to go there. well, you're not going to go to 21 other ", "? there's got to be some level of consistency, number one. number two, on the political side of it, again, the facts of the trayvon ", ', this was not brought into it. this was not the underlying argument that was made. the defense backed off of that, as a defense.', ' was cited by one of the jurors as the reason for the acquittal. so it was an issue in the case. and these ', " laws, what's striking about them is how they got on the books. they got on the books because of an effort by the ", " across the nation. it is the role of the nation's chief justice officer who is the attorney general.", " is on full display here. we have not yet heard and i predict you'll never hear the ", " say that if trayvon martin had a gun, he'd still be alive. they haven't said it yet, tree. they haven't said that.", ' law is one of the things that has incited and ignited i believe this movement across the nation which i think, david, is the beginning of a new ', ', to challenge these issues. because of what the congresswoman has said, the landscape has changed. the ', ' which was striking in its superficiality. the trayvon martin incident and everything from the ', ' to the fact that the special prosecute are himself did not participate in trying the case, to the composition of the jury, to the way in which the case was tried all the way to the verdict strikes people as just mountains of evidence --', 'let me ask this. professor, the attorney general is looking at this as a potential ', "i think, david, that's what the protesters -- and i celebrate them. i applaud the efforts across these cities yesterday, but i think what they missed is what you astutely pointed out. the president basically said to us without saying to us, this ain't going no further. you can march and protest and rally --", 'let me say this. the mistake that people make is to prejudge an investigation before']