['their foundation to expand care and prevention of  cervical cancer  in sub-Saharan Africa and Latin America. Last renovate a clinic in Zambia that will serve as a  cervical - cancer  screening and treatment center. As president, Bush ', "discovered that women are dying of  cervical cancer . They've been saved from HIV drugs, yet they're dying of  cervical cancer . We think it's needless helpful in our efforts to deal with  cervical cancer . GEORGE W. BUSH: Doesn't ", 'cancer -causing  human papillomavirus  appear to Prevention. The  HPV  infection Cervarix and  Gardasil , a result the risk of  HPV  infection vaccines on  cancer  rates cancers of the  cervix , vagina penile and anal  cancer  in men. Was prevented by the  HPV  vaccines will develop  cervical cancer  that would ', 'his throat  cancer  that was diagnosed ubiquitous  human papillomavirus , or  HPV , and oral caused by  HPV  [ human papillomavirus ] , which likely than  cervical cancer  in women vaccines,  Gardasil  and Cervarix ', 'stemmed from the  human papillomavirus , a sexually-transmitted in causing  cervical cancer  in women caused by  HPV , which can oropharyngeal  cancer  tied to  HPV , according cancers of the  cervix , vagina penile and anal  cancer  in men. Michael Douglas says  HPV  caused his the vaccine  Gardasil  for all boys ', 'held a rally inside as if nothing had happened. Bachmann Said  HPV  Vaccine May Cause Mental Retardation Bachmann criticized Texas Gov. Rick Perry for encouraging teens to get the  HPV  vaccine. But she caused an outcry in the medical community when ', 'held a rally inside as if nothing had happened. Bachmann Said  HPV  Vaccine May Cause Mental Retardation Bachmann criticized Texas Gov. Rick Perry for encouraging teens to get the  HPV  vaccine. But she caused an outcry in the medical community when ', 'like Mr. Cain and Mr. Santorum, and she was prone to misstatements, including saying the vaccine against the  human papillomavirus  was linked to \'mental retardation,\'" writes The New York Times\' Michael D. Shear today. "But her campaign ', 'about preexisting conditions and any family history of  cancer . Beyond talking, the visit might also include a breast exam, pelvic exam and a pap test, which screens for  cervical cancer . The gynecologist might ask for a relative or nurse to ', 'cough, chickenpox and  human papillomavirus , or  HPV , immunizations. Some young Can some vaccines prevent  cancer ? The  HPV  vaccine can prevent some for hepatitis B. T5:  HPV  can prevent  cervical cancer  and HBV can prevent liver ', 'one wants to get  cancer . Turns out, you surprising amount of  cancer  is preventable a third of all  cancer  deaths in the U physical inactivity.  Cervical cancer , which is linked to  human papillomavirus  ( HPV ), can be avoided ', "worried about the safety of the  human papillomavirus  ( HPV ) vaccine and don't intend to adolescent female children with the  HPV  vaccine, according to Dr. Paul daughters had not had the complete  HPV  vaccine series were asked if they ", 'related to  cervical cancer  as a lack of information really see their  cervix cervical cancer  very Connelly can also visit.  Cervical cancer  campaign dot org changes to the  pap smear  guidelines recently cancer  is caused by  HPV  and there has ', "January is cervical cancer awareness month and joining us today to talk about this very important topic is musical sensation and talented actress Mandy Moore. And she is joined by -- -- -- oncologist doctor Yvonne Collins was a member of the gynecological cancer foundation. Welcome to both of you thanks for being here thank you. So -- you're obviously in the prime of your life and part of the age group of young women who are most affected by this. We'll sentiment in Europe had paid spokesperson for -- Smithkline and GCF what is it about this causes that made you want to get involved. I -- I partnered up with TC FTS -- -- this reality check campaign because like a lot of young women out there there was so much about cervical cancer that IA. Was really unaware. And to realize that it the second leading cause of cancer death. Of women in their twenties and thirties it's it's an important message to get out that's. Women women have the power to protect themselves and protect their cervical health. It is shocking information I don't -- think this is so such sort of unknown. It seems to be unknown among women twenty. When late Sunday at the women in the campaign what we found is that women just don't -- the vast majority of women don't know where their cervix says. They don't know -- the goal of the cervix plays and they especially don't know the goal in terms of reproductive health. How your cervix plays a role in terms if you've been able to -- -- a pregnancy to term. Being able to get pregnant so our goal here is to educate patients and tens of Natalie cervical help but to speak with their providers. For all of issues related to cervical cancer -- as a lack of information so much misinformation is that because. Women's reproductive health is still little hush hush. I think part of it is. The -- the that the peace that that women to stop mountain. -- if you don't know what it is you need to ask part of it is that you want ask. Women don't really see their cervix cervical cancer very Connelly doesn't -- pain comments I think women are less a tune. To deal with -- cervical health what we found ", "that young women can talk to their doctors they can also visit. Cervical cancer campaign dot org slash checked in all kinds of it -- great about where anyone that's watching can. These pilots and -- -- cervical cancer campaign dot org slash check Adrien and -- anyone can go there and get information on where they can go for checkups they need. And the rest and I urge young -- also talk to their doctors about what. What the right treatment and preventative measures they can take because I think it's really important note to get out that this is -- preventable cancer writes absolutely and you know there have been some changes to the pap smear guidelines recently. Doctor what what are your feelings about what might have to understand that cervical cancer is a preventable cancer and the -- that we can prevent we know the cost. I'm and we encourage women to understand how it is they can make a difference in terms of -- cervical health. And to speak with their provider about -- skyline so that they can determine what's best for them -- you don't think it's an issue that now women are being that the first screening is recommended 21 rather than eighteen. I don't think that's -- -- but every -- different and -- and you -- and it into where your respect for all rights and of course we know that cervical cancer is caused by HPV and there has been some controversy over back from meeting. Young girls what are your feelings about. I think it's very important that we remember that cervical cancer is caused by H -- as cervical cancer is preventable because we now have options. Women now can make a difference in terms. -- HPV they can also make a difference in terms of their cervical health and an end when we talk about vaccination. On their -- actions and I recommend again that they they speak with their provider to find out -- -- -- -- toward them absolutely and many -- this campaign you're the perfect person to get the message. Thank you -- months Hong chest to get the message out that it really is important. To understand. And -- typical cancer is -- out there to be second leading cause of cancer -- -- For women from nineteen -- forty it's it's a big deal and it's not being talked about and it is ", 'your first  pap smear  usually by screening test for  HPV . If you over abnormal pats and  HPV  negative with dividend develop  cancer  in between truth about  cervical cancer  is that it gonna develop  cervical cancer  between the ', "of the great things that's come up is this screening test for HPV If you over the age of -- and your pap -- have been normal with no history of abnormal pats and -- HPV negative with normal -- You can wait once every three years to get that packs into. If you woman that's had a hysterectomy and -- indications for the hysterectomy has nothing to do with abnormal cells that He had fibroid. You know. Those pap smears are completely unnecessary accidents that's good news for that and then tell me about this. Doing it every three years people are so worried that dividend develop cancer in between is the kind of rare though. The the truth about cervical cancer is that it takes a long time to develop. And so even if you have a new partner within that three year interval. -- not gonna develop cervical cancer between the first happened that happened in three years that's great information. ", 'The  pap smear  is that gold standard for  cancer  screening in women. The  pap smear  is critical who have a  cervix  should have abnormal The  pap smear  clearly states picks up  cancer  at a precancerous die from  cervical cancer  by and women provide Ager  HPV  negative ', "The pap smear is that gold standard for cancer screening in women. The pap smear is critical to -- -- It's very well study and it's proven that cities lie it's. All women who have a cervix should have regular periodic pap smears. The frequency of pap smears depends on your age your risk factors whether you have HP -- HIV. Or whether you've had abnormal -- The pap smear clearly states slides. And it picks up cancer at a precancerous stage or early stage where it's curable. The women die from cervical cancer by and -- -- women who have not seen their doctor for pap smears I think that getting past -- every three years after age thirty provide Ager HPV negative. Do not have abnormal pap and not -- HIV is perfectly acceptable. However just because we're speaking them out doesn't mean ", "recommends a  pap smear  every three Server. How  cancer  is a disease As for the  HPV  tests which that causes  cervical cancer . The government and harms of  HPV  testing there's diagnosed with  cervical cancer  has been cut ", "according to the US preventive services task force which now recommends a pap smear every three years. And the screening is only recommended for women aged 21 to 65. Who are or have been sexually active. Server. How cancer is a disease that is. Progresses slowly and if you screamed somebody on these -- you really have a very low chance that you're going to miss something. As for the HPV tests which looks for the virus that causes cervical cancer . The government panel says it should not be used in women under thirty. But otherwise has no advice. Stating that the current evidence is insufficient to assess the balance of benefits and harms of HPV testing there's no question pap smears and work. Overall the number of women diagnosed with cervical cancer has been cut in half. From nearly fifteen cases for every 100000 women in 1975. To about seven cases per 100000 women ", "US receive a diagnosis of  cervical cancer  a yearly  pap smear  is recommended to screen study ever looking at the  HPV  tests. the  pap smear . This is a huge tests it you just started off with  cervical cancer  I don't want to get  cancer", "Each year about 121000 women in the US receive a diagnosis of cervical cancer a yearly pap smear is recommended to screen for the disease. But now a new study suggests that women can safely extend their screening intervals from one to three years. Research also reveals that the HP need tax may be more accurate determining cancer risk than the traditional. Pap test and joining us now with more on all of this. It ABC news contributor doctor -- -- documents thanks so much for joining us to do that so this the largest study ever looking at the HPV tests. -- the pap smear . This is a huge tests it it answers to questions number one. How frequent do women need to have pap smears and what they found was that if your pap smear and -- HPV . -- negative you didn't have to happen every year now everyone watchable I have to go every year you just started off with cervical cancer I don't want to get cancer . Nobody wants to get cancer but these women did not get cancer so you still need to see -- -- -- every year. You just don't need a pap test every year this is going to be. Big news it but it's going to be very hard because we had indoctrinated Whitman. To go in every year every year and we've done a great job out and when we only had the pap smear . And the old -- -- be it. It was the right thing to do technology has come along. And has changed it the second part is. They took these 331000. Women which is huge number. And they broke it down and they said OK let's not even pay attention to their past let's just look at their HPB. And they found out that if they just looked at HPV it was as good. As the -- are predicting. Who was gonna have -- received this information making a pap smear obsolete you always ask the right questions so I think the next step. Is going to be we're not there yet is probably in our lifetimes -- -- children's lifetimes. The pap is gonna be gone and everybody's going to be coming in very HPV swap. And that brings up the next question is what can you get to HPV . Maybe by wearing it tampons and descending -- and and is this whole kind of exam. Gonna disappear. And just morph into something else to be a real women's health exam -- -- -- cholesterol -- do all that kind of health maintenance right but not so much involvement pat. No woman watching wounds always. -- happy experience and we ought to go through it. But I do think a lot of women are worried enough about -- cancer that they will gladly do the yearly pap smear if it. You know we'll put that -- at eight that's right that's right and that's I think what the challenges here is to convince women that maybe it's not that that's right well interestingly. The women that are coming in every year are probably the lowest risk group. It's always that way of developing cervical cancer so we have to think that who's at high risk -- several cancer it's usually. People that don't have access to medical care people that are scared of doctors people that are scared of the pain of the exam so. It will really help those people and then on the global scene. And this is that you found this cervical cancer the numbers you gave in this country. A relatively low compared to Africa and other places where the numbers are astronomical and ", "and bring her  cervix  back to normal a woman get a  pap smear  is another really The concept of  cervical cancer  which is  HPV . And then the abnormalities that the  cervix  a lot of those get an annual  pap smear . If she's had ", "follow up with the woman. And actually provide treatment and bring her cervix back to normal following treatment. Now how often should a woman get a pap smear is another really important question. What we're finding is her guidelines have been changing as we get more information about the natural history. The concept of cervical cancer which is HPV . And then the natural history of those lesions. So what we say now is a lot of young woman have. Human cap -- -- virus infection and abnormalities. Cell abnormalities that the cervix a lot of those infections and abnormalities -- just resolve on their own. And it's best not to provide treatment in very young women source -- -- guidelines have changed now to say. Look let's start screening at age 21. Or within three years have a woman initiating sexual activity. And she should at that point in young women continue to get an annual pap smear . If she's had three annual pap smears that have been completely normal. Then after discussion with her provider her provider may suggest ", "rate from  cervical cancer  since the learning she had  cervical cancer  for me it Only get a  pap smear  every three woman's  cervix  under a microscope Arguing that  cervical cancer  is usually screening for  HPV . A leading ", "test given 55 million times every year to catch the risk of cervical cancer report becomes fatal in fact. Look what has happened to the death rate from cervical cancer since the seventies when pap smears. Became standard. So why the unsettling about face here's ABC sure enough funds it. -- -- housing annual pap screen turned out to be anything but routine. Young mother learning she had cervical cancer for me it really meant. You know -- ally. But -- the government panel is recommending women between ages 21 -- 65. Only get a pap smear every three years. Startling to women like how. Three years -- wrong. Being tanker crash and grab elements spiny. Why did mine went anywhere. A -- is simple enough a doctor examined cells script from a woman's cervix under a microscope. The protests forced maintains it could do more harm than good. Arguing that cervical cancer is usually slow moving and can take almost ten years to become dangerous. They say the more tests you do the more ", "the task force also suggested today women under thirty -- screening for HPV . A leading cause cervical cancer . For younger women the virus can actually clear up on its own too much testing they say could lead to unnecessary surgeries. The recommendations come from the same government panel that triggered -- firestorm last year. After proposing doctor's scale back on routine mammograms. And again this year they recommended against routine blood tests for prostate cancer . Task force leaders insist their proposal is not about saving money saying we don't look at -- -- all but really most "]