['according to the National Institutes for Health. Now, Williamson cares for her 87-year-old mother, who is due for  cataract surgery  this month, but also has a pain condition called spinal stenosis, which puts pressure on her nerves. She said the role ', "She needs a walker to get around, but she doesn't wear a hearing aid. She doesn't even need glasses after having  cataract surgery  a few years ago. Apart from vitamins, she takes only one pill a day, a mild blood-pressure medication. When people ", "A 60-year-old Army veteran has won $925,000 in a settlement with the Department of Veterans' Affairs following a botched cataract operation . Jose Goncalves was blinded in his right eye in 2007 when a resident at the Veteran's Administration Hospital in West Haven, Conn., injected too much", 'that I owed them." Smith was able to straighten that ordeal out and keep his license. When he received the bill for a  cataract surgery  he had in Florida on May 21, 2010, he was charged for an ambulance ride in California on the same day. "How can I be ', 'refractive surgery since then. Today, refractive surgery is one of the most common of all surgical procedures, second only to  cataract surgery  in the United States. This rapid revolution not only provided a cure for myopia but altered how we think about nearsightedness ', "MONDAY, Nov. 9 (HealthDay News) --  Cataract surgery  doesn't appear to speed the progression controversy among clinicians as to whether  cataract surgery  is contraindicated in eyes with non-neovascular A major concern has been whether  cataract surgery  increases the risk of progression ", 'surgery is often the only option to restore vision.  Cataract surgery  can be performed on infants as young as four weeks of age according to Dr. Kazlas. In fact, she said, glaucoma after  cataract surgery  is seen in up to 40 percent of children. "Whether it\'s ', 'possible that a combination of small differences in known risk factors, such as myopia [short-sightedness] and previous  cataract surgery  account for the difference," they wrote. "However, we cannot exclude the possibility that affluence is associated ', "study authors noted. By the time they're 80 years old, more than half of Americans will have a cataract or have had  cataract surgery , according to a news release about the study. More information The U.S. National Eye Institute has more about cataract ", 'cataract formation and a need for  cataract surgery , according to the report published and a 61 percent higher incidence of  cataract surgery  among people treated with beta-blockers calcium-channel blockers, and  cataract surgery  was seen in the study, but no such ', 'serious complications should they need  cataract surgery , a new Canadian study has found Flomax or other alpha-blockers before  cataract surgery  had complications during and immediately taken Flomax in the two weeks before  cataract surgery  had a serious complication, compared ', "THURSDAY, Feb. 5 (HealthDay News) --  Cataract surgery  doesn't hasten vision loss in people studies that suggested a link between  cataract surgery  and accelerated AMD progression her team found little evidence that  cataract surgery  influences AMD progression. The study ", 'were endoscopies of the large intestine (5.8 million) and small intestine (3.5 million) and lens extraction for  cataract surgery  (3.1 million). The most common diagnosis that led to outpatient surgery was a cataract, with 3 million visits attributed ', "Dr. Greenstein answers the question: 'Signs Of  Cataract Surgery  Complications?'", "Dr. Greenstein answers the question: 'How Is Recovery After  Cataract Surgery ?'", "save or restore some insight. I mean this is really serious stuff we are when you purchase a pair we're either doing  cataract surgery  on someone who's completely blind or blind in one night. I'm getting prescription glasses maybe to a school child ", "serious stuff we are when you purchase a pair we're either doing cataract surgery on someone who's completely blind or blind in one night. I'm getting prescription glasses maybe to a school child can't afford glasses ", "patients. It does extremely well. On the order of being compared to open heart surgery total hip replacement and even  cataract surgery  so what's really at top performer. We also know that if you correctly. Choose patients and operated on and a safe ", "of being compared to open heart surgery total hip replacement and even cataract surgery so what's really at top performer. We also know that if you correctly. Choose patients and -- -- operated on and a ", 'A Phoenix woman found out the hard way that Super Bowl oh really works our home had  cataract surgery  few years back. And uses six different drop medications but which reach for one of the tiny bottles she grabbed the super who ', 'hard way that Super Bowl oh really works -- our home had cataract surgery few years back. And uses six different -- drop medications but which -- reach for one of the tiny bottles she grabbed ', 'world have blindness secondary to cataracts. In this country. Cut cataract. Is rarely allowed to a progressed to the point where blindness occurs. And nearly three million Americans have  cataract surgery . To cure this problem each year.', 'the point where blindness occurs. And -- nearly three million Americans have cataract surgery . To cure this problem each year. ', "seeing distance in one nice seeing up close. To try it this visual arrangement with a contact lens trial prior to having  cataract surgery . We would want to know that the patient is happy with us can tolerate it and doesn't experience any significant lowering ", "this visual arrangement with a -- contact lens trial prior to having cataract surgery . We would want to know that the patient is happy with us can tolerate it and doesn't experience any significant lowering. With "]