["Apple marketing chief Phil Schiller shows off an ultra-thin new iMac at Apple's launch event last Tuesday.", 'Schiller: "Old technologies are holding us back. They\'re anchors on where we want to go"', 'Apple marketing chief Phil Schiller holds up an iPad Mini, revealed during an announcement on Tuesday.', 'The iPad Mini sports a 7.9-inch inch screen, with a resolution of 1024 by 768 pixels, giving it the same screen resolution as the iPad 2, but in a more compact package.', 'Pre-orders for the iPad Mini begin Friday, and they will be available in stores November 2. Models with cellular data capability will ship a few weeks after the Wi-Fi versions.', 'Apple also anounced updates to several other products, including the full-size iPad. The iPad will feature the new A6 processor also found in the iPhone 5.', 'The 13-inch Macbook Pro has been updated with a "retina display" like the 15-inch version. The new version is three-quarters of an inch thick, weighs 3.5 pounds and will start at $1,699.', "The iMac also received a makeover which trims the desktop's monitor down to a sleek 5mm at its edge. ", "The Mac Mini, Apple's smallest and cheapest desktop, gets a processor upgrade and starts at $599.", "The profusion of new models was good news for Mac fans who have been known to fret that the Mac is being neglected as the iPhone and iPad become ever more important to Apple's bottom line and future.", "After the Tuesday presentation, I sat down with Apple Senior VP of Worldwide Marketing Phil Schiller, who did the presenting of new models on Tuesday, and chatted with him about today's Macs, and how they got that way.", "I began by asking him about the streamlining of Mac hardware that's been going on for years now. Apple has put its computers into unibody cases, sealed in the batteries, removed the optical drives, dumped hard disks when possible and either shrunk or eliminated many once-standard connectors. Rather than adding new features with abandon, as tech companies usually do, it's whittled the Mac down to its elegant essence.", "Many of these changes have been controversial, at least briefly, at least among some observers. But they don't seem to have hurt Mac sales. What was the overarching strategy, I asked?", '"This is what Apple has always been about, and the Mac has been about, from the first Mac and first iMac," Schiller said. "It\'s always been about making the best Mac we know how. Among the many benefits are making it easy to use and affordable, with great features. This high level of integration is part of delivering on that."', "Schiller pointed out some of the downsides of the technologies it's removed or downplayed: rotating hard disks, for instance, use more power and are more likely to have reliability issues than solid-state storage.", '"These old technologies are holding us back," he said. "They\'re anchors on where we want to go."', 'Schiller pointed out that one major application for optical drives, software distribution, has gone largely digital. As for video, he said that "Blu-ray has come with issues unrelated to the actual quality of the movie that make [it] a complex and not-great technology...So for a whole plethora of reasons, it makes a lot of sense to get rid of optical discs in desktops and notebooks."', 'His preferred Blu-ray alternative? iTunes, of course, which lets you buy a movie and then watch it on all your Apple devices.', 'Once upon a time, people assumed that Macs\' lack of Blu-ray was a delay, not a permanent decision to fast-forward past it. I told Schiller that I imagined folks don\'t ask about it much these days. "Correct," he said.', 'I noted that for years, pundits thought Apple would, or at least should, start making much cheaper Macs. I said that drumbeat seems to have come and gone, and asked Schiller if everyone finally understood that Apple was content with its strategy of sticking with the high end of the market.', '"There\'s something that happened in the industry...that made that topic meaningless. There were these products being created called netbooks. People said they were the future. We rejected them because we thought they were poor. Even if the market was going there, we weren\'t going to chase everybody downhill."', 'Netbooks eventually turned out to be a fad. And of course, Apple was working on a lower-cost computing device. "The iPad became our answer to the $500 computer. Time has proved us right on that point. And now 100 million people agree that the iPad is a great computer."', 'Oh yeah: I wouldn\'t be an inquiring reporter if I hadn\'t asked Schiller for his take on Windows 8 and Microsoft\'s strategy of building one operating system for both conventional PCs and tablets. He politely declined comment: "Primarily, we think about what we\'re doing, not what others do." At least I tried.', '&copy 2012 TIME, Inc. TIME is a registered trademark of Time Inc.  Used with permission.']