['Colorado State University program, constructed a playground twins, 12, with Cerebral palsy.', 'Jack McGraw, an 8th grader with  cerebral palsy  achieved his dream by scoring a touchdown.', 'Currently 13 of all cases of  cerebral palsy  are linked to premature birth. But doctors have discovered receive the salt cut their risk for moderate to severe  cerebral palsy  by 45%. Doctors theorize that the treatment help ', 'Currently 13 of all cases of cerebral palsy are linked to premature birth. But doctors have discovered a simple but effective treatment that lowers the risk for this neurological disorder ', "mothers receive the -- salt cut their risk for moderate to severe cerebral palsy by 45%. Doctors theorize that the treatment help stabilize blood vessels in the mother thereby keeping oxygen supply to the baby's brain. ", 'the bonds are formed outside. But cayden has been relegated to the sideline for most of his life. Diagnosed with  cerebral palsy , unable to walk or talk. It was really hard for them to bond. Conner wished that cayden could come out and play ', 'been relegated to the sideline for most of his life. Diagnosed with cerebral palsy , unable to walk or talk. It was really hard for them to bond. Conner wished that cayden could come out and play ', "to call this extraordinary doesn't even begin to describe it. Take a closer look. You see, jared stevens has  cerebral palsy . But he doesn't let that stop him. He wants to wrestle. He asked coach if he could get on the mat. That's ", "to describe it. Take a closer look. You see, jared stevens has cerebral palsy . But he doesn't let that stop him. He wants to wrestle. He asked coach if he could get on the mat. That's ", "Some I really want to show you a lesson for all of us about the value of sportsmanship. It comes from two middle school wrestlers in Tennessee Jared. Who has terrible policy and his opponent just how they'd never met which makes what Justin did that much more special. Pulled Jared on his back he", "HIM. I THINK THAT HAD BEEN ON HIS MIND MORE THAN WE KNOW AS A PARENT. Reporter: CAYDEN LONG WAS DIAGNOSED WITH  CEREBRAL PALSY  SHORTLY AFTER BIRTH. DOCTORS BELIEVED HE WOULD NEVER WALK OR TALK. PEOPLE DON'T REALIZE THAT WHEN YOU'RE SPECIAL ", "THAN WE KNOW AS A PARENT. Reporter: CAYDEN LONG WAS DIAGNOSED WITH CEREBRAL PALSY SHORTLY AFTER BIRTH. DOCTORS BELIEVED HE WOULD NEVER WALK OR TALK. PEOPLE DON'T REALIZE THAT WHEN YOU'RE SPECIAL NEEDS AND IN A ", 'Stephen California husband and father of two has  cerebral palsy  and on Sunday he left his wheelchair. To Begin the now Steve is aiming to become the first person with  cerebral palsy  declined to copy town in Yosemite National Park he ', 'was off. Stephen -- -- California husband and father of two has cerebral palsy and on Sunday he left his wheelchair. To Begin the climb of his life Steve as a -- man. Looming there then. They now -- -- -- Steve is aiming to become the first person with cerebral palsy declined to -- -- copy town in Yosemite National Park he trained for more than a year. Each draining -- -- broke ', "and year old Woodruff determined to run with the rest of the class. But it wasn't long before was believed it.  Cerebral palsy  and was told he didn't have to run that race if he could citadel. Making his way around that traffic is proud mom ", "of the class. But it wasn't long before -- was believed it. Cerebral palsy and was told he didn't have to run that race if he could citadel. -- Making his way around that traffic is ", "courage and cooperation that students gathered to lift up a fellow classmate. Here you see young Matt who had spastic  cerebral palsy  be getting his school's field they run. He starts off at an impressive case but around the second lap he slows ", "up a fellow classmate. Here you see young Matt who had spastic cerebral palsy be getting his school's field they run. He starts off at an impressive case but around the second lap he slows and ", "freshman sits next to the wrestling mats in a wheelchair. And injured about he was born with a debilitating disease of  cerebral palsy . Severely limiting the use of his legs he's an avid sports person as was when it like that. Of course that was ", "And injured about -- he was born with a debilitating disease of cerebral palsy . Severely limiting the use of his legs he's an avid sports person as -- was when it like that. Of course that ", "them in a lot of changes think they're going to be pretty competitive. A lifelong St. Louis Cardinals fan has  cerebral palsy  which confines him to a wheelchair and limits movement in his hands. This means that will never physically be able ", 'to be pretty competitive. A lifelong St. Louis Cardinals fan -- has cerebral palsy which confines him to a wheelchair and limits movement in his hands. This means that -- will never physically be able to ', "discrimination. She was told by pastor father with the sacred heart Catholic church of floors built. That because Kevin had  cerebral palsy  and has the mental capacity of a six month old. He didn't qualify to received his first communion. Because He ", "the sacred heart Catholic church of floors built. That because Kevin had cerebral palsy and has the mental capacity of a six month old. He didn't qualify to received his first communion. Because He did not ", 'And that story of the father giving an emotional plea on Good Morning America this morning his plea answered. His daughter 23 year old preschool teacher Valerie Hamilton was found murdered in Charlotte, North Carolina three days after she left a tavern. With a man identified as Michael Harvey a', 'Botox. Mike Von fremd has the story. That these. Beers adopted Kristen after the little girl was born with severe  cerebral palsy . Tragically lived only seven years and now spears is suing the manufacturer of Botox for millions of dollars. That ', 'these. Beers adopted Kristen after the little girl was born with severe cerebral palsy . Tragically -- lived only seven years and now spears is suing the manufacturer of Botox for millions of dollars. -- That -- ', "gigantic American heart. And here's David and that he was off. Stephen California a husband and father of two has  cerebral palsy  and on Sunday he left his wheelchair to Begin the climb of his life Steve as a man. On the moon and then. Steve ", 'off. Stephen -- -- California a husband and father of two has cerebral palsy and on Sunday he left his wheelchair to Begin the climb of his life Steve as a -- man. On the moon ', 'William Bailey was charged with a misdemeanor for teasing a 10-year-old girl with  cerebral palsy .']