["Dr. Greenstein answers the question: 'How Is Recovery After  Cataract Surgery ?'", "save or restore some insight. I mean this is really serious stuff we are when you purchase a pair we're either doing  cataract surgery  on someone who's completely blind or blind in one night. I'm getting prescription glasses maybe to a school child ", "serious stuff we are when you purchase a pair we're either doing cataract surgery on someone who's completely blind or blind in one night. I'm getting prescription glasses maybe to a school child can't afford glasses ", "patients. It does extremely well. On the order of being compared to open heart surgery total hip replacement and even  cataract surgery  so what's really at top performer. We also know that if you correctly. Choose patients and operated on and a safe ", "of being compared to open heart surgery total hip replacement and even cataract surgery so what's really at top performer. We also know that if you correctly. Choose patients and -- -- operated on and a ", 'A Phoenix woman found out the hard way that Super Bowl oh really works our home had  cataract surgery  few years back. And uses six different drop medications but which reach for one of the tiny bottles she grabbed the super who ', 'hard way that Super Bowl oh really works -- our home had cataract surgery few years back. And uses six different -- drop medications but which -- reach for one of the tiny bottles she grabbed ', 'world have blindness secondary to cataracts. In this country. Cut cataract. Is rarely allowed to a progressed to the point where blindness occurs. And nearly three million Americans have  cataract surgery . To cure this problem each year.', 'the point where blindness occurs. And -- nearly three million Americans have cataract surgery . To cure this problem each year. ', "seeing distance in one nice seeing up close. To try it this visual arrangement with a contact lens trial prior to having  cataract surgery . We would want to know that the patient is happy with us can tolerate it and doesn't experience any significant lowering ", "this visual arrangement with a -- contact lens trial prior to having cataract surgery . We would want to know that the patient is happy with us can tolerate it and doesn't experience any significant lowering. With ", 'Over the years. Approximately 15%. Of patients. on complicated routine  cataract surgery . Have developed a clothing or thickening. Of a natural membrane in the which sits just behind the lens implant called the post ', 'Over the years. Approximately 15%. Of patients. -- on complicated routine cataract surgery . Have developed a clothing or thickening. Of a natural membrane in the which sits just behind the lens implant called the post ', 'such as flow Macs which are used to treat urinary conditions have been shown to have any. Negative effects in terms of  cataract surgery  and physicians need to be aware that patients on this medication before embarking on  cataract surgery .', 'conditions have been shown to have any. Negative effects in terms of cataract surgery and physicians need to be aware that patients on this medication before embarking on cataract surgery . ', "was some initial difficulties yes. Now let's get to the operation itself how does this differ than regular if you will  cataract surgery  and just explain to viewers cataract is is taking out. The the part of the that's responsible. if you will of the lens ", "operation itself how does this differ than -- regular if you will cataract surgery and just explain to viewers cataract is is taking out. The the -- part of the -- that's responsible. -- if you "]