['Actress Sienna Miller reportedly fled to the Virgin Islands as her former lover reunited with his family, The U.K.\'s Daily Mail reported.According to The Mail, Miller, 26, was devastated after Balthazar Getty, a married oil heir, met up with his wife Rosetta for a one-on-one talk about their relationship this weekend.Miller, whose love-life often overshadows her career, was linked to Getty after topless photos of her frolicking on Italian beach with him surfaced last month.According to The Mail, the actress fled to the Caribbean to stay with her father Ed, a retired banker from the U.S.. At the same time, Getty was spotted with his two children at a pizza parlor in Los Angeles.The Mail quoted Getty as saying, "I can\'t comment. When I\'m ready, I\'ll issue a statement. It\'s because of the children."Click here to read the full report from The Daily Mail....', 'When Kate Hudson and Owen Wilson first emerged as a couple in September of 2006, we were happy to hear that something good had come out of the abysmally bad movie "Y...', "David Letterman may have experienced a ratings boost but he also suffered an ego blow recently for joking that Sarah Palin's daughter got knocked up by New York Yank...", 'What was Tiger Woods thinking?Sure the women he was linked to are not bad looking, but have you seen Elin Nordengren?SLIDESHOW: Elin Nordengren, from bikini model to...', "David Letterman may have experienced a ratings boost but he also suffered an ego blow recently for joking that Sarah Palin's daughter got knocked up by New York Yank...", 'When Kate Hudson and Owen Wilson first emerged as a couple in September of 2006, we were happy to hear that something good had come out of the abysmally bad movie "Y...', "Today in History - Jan. 22Tuesday, January 22, 2008By The Associated PressE-Mail Print Share: Digg Facebook StumbleUponToday's Highlight in History:On Jan. 22, 1973,...", '10. Balthazar Getty and Sienna Miller. Topless photos? A C-list star with a penchant for married men? We think we need to send Sienna to relationship rehab for bad c...', 'Celebrity BirthdaysThursday, January 17, 2008By The Associated PressE-Mail Print Share: Digg Facebook StumbleUponCelebrity birthdays for the week of Jan. 20-26:Jan. ...', "Great wealth became J. Paul Getty III's great curse.At age 16, he was held for ransom for five months by captors who cut off his ear when his oil-rich grandfather ba...", 'When Kate Hudson and Owen Wilson first emerged as a couple in September of 2006, we were happy to hear that something good had come out of the abysmally bad movie "Y...', 'Sally Field is signing on for a weekly TV series.Field has joined the cast of " Brothers & Sisters ," a drama set to air this fall, ABC announced Tuesday."Brothers &...']