['The upcoming  Lindsay Lohan  series on OWN will be more documentary than reality show. OWN a broad brand, a very encompassing brand and so...I think  Lindsay Lohan  is an example of how the brand is going to continue to expand ', 'War Z" and "This Is The End," prepares us for the apocalypse by showing us what it may look like. Then again, like  Lindsay Lohan  and Heidi Montag, we might just be afraid of getting old--and Miley is our musical Botox. If she tells us we are young ', "the crash, but died 15 minutes later, an organizer of the event told The Associated Press. Oprah to Interview Lindsay  Lindsay Lohan 's first stop after getting out of rehab this summer will be Oprah Winfrey's couch for an interview, according to Entertainment ", "When  Lindsay Lohan  gets out of rehab this summer, Oprah Winfrey will be waiting to talk to her. Winfrey's cable channel, OWN, said Friday that ", "When  Lindsay Lohan  gets out of rehab this summer, Oprah Winfrey will be waiting to talk to her. Winfrey's cable channel, OWN, said Friday that ", 'todaytrailers4u/YouTube From the looks of the first full trailer of  Lindsay Lohan  \'s new film " The Canyons ," art appears to be imitating life. Lohan, 27, plays a troubled starlet whose life starts to unravel ', 'role as porn star Linda Lovelace in the biopic "Lovelace." The "Les Miserables" actress landed the role once coveted by  Lindsay Lohan , Olivia Wilde and Kate Hudson. "I read the script and I was like, \'Wow, this is the riskiest thing that\'s happening ', "their fight to the state level. Watch  Lindsay Lohan  Headed to Rehab Some rehabs have a six-beds-per-residence rule.  Lindsay Lohan  Calls Upcoming Rehab Stint a 'Blessing Hasselhoff, Britney Spears and Andy Dick.  Lindsay Lohan  is currently undergoing court-mandated ", 'Where Are They Now The Canyons Their film may be a bomb, but their Kickstarter campaign was a success. The team behind  Lindsay Lohan \'s latest film, " The Canyons ," including writer-director Paul Schrader ("American Gigolo" and "Taxi Driver ', '(Photo credit: Michael Stewart/Getty Images)  Lindsay Lohan  has checked out of the Betty Ford Center in Rancho Mirage, Calif., according to her lawyer, after beginning her court-mandated ', "Newport Beach, Calif., said he wasn't surprised by the Tiffany & Co. theft, given the high-profile charges against  Lindsay Lohan  . The actress pleaded no contest to a misdemeanor charge of taking a $2,500 necklace from a jewelry store in Los Angeles ", 'who starred on the popular \'80s series "Silver Spoons" when he was just a teen, and he has advice for troubled starlets  Lindsay Lohan  and Amanda Bynes. "My heart goes out to them," he told ABC News Now on Tuesday. "I wish some people would intervene ', 'that\'s why you have to take it a day at a time." Lovato Loves  Lindsay Lohan  If there is one young person in Hollywood to whom Lovato can relate, it\'s troubled starlet  Lindsay Lohan . Lovato said she embraces her with open arms. "She is one ', "What do you make you know we're seeing a lot of headlines now with Amanda vines and  Lindsey Lohan  You know what do you think his help you succeed throughout the year and what advice. to get some of these younger stars today ", "know we're seeing a lot of headlines now with Amanda vines and Lindsey Lohan -- You know what do you think his help you succeed throughout the year -- and what advice. -- to get some ", "What a message. Especially if you're  lindsey lohan . Dan abrams here today. Supposed to start rehab yesterday, looks like she didn't make it. She's not in the rehab center ", "What a message. Especially if you're lindsey lohan . Dan abrams here today. Supposed to start rehab yesterday, looks like she didn't make it. She's not in the rehab center she ", "johnson, a 30-day jail sentence after patting his attorney's backside. The judge reduced the sentence to seven days.  Lindsay lohan  served 30 days of 590-day jail ten tense, after showing up in court with obscenities on her nails. As for bynes, she ", "patting his attorney's backside. The judge reduced the sentence to seven days. Lindsay lohan served 30 days of 590-day jail ten tense, after showing up in court with obscenities on her nails. As for bynes, she ", 'Everybody recognizes the need for top-notch drug and alcohol treatment. But nobody wants it in their neighborhood. Reporter:  Lindsay lohan  is a patient at that establishment. Others who have passed through malibu, dropping roughly 30 grand a month, include ', 'drug and alcohol treatment. But nobody wants it in their neighborhood. Reporter: Lindsay lohan is a patient at that establishment. Others who have passed through malibu, dropping roughly 30 grand a month, include hasselhoff, spears, dick, ', "every yeah. Hey you know what. And where we're just coming off the bench apparently ran a red card like no food insists  Lindsay Lohan  all along here. Yeah. Retreated. Rock you here's time. Can we check and we want some answers about why this man on ", "off the bench apparently ran a red card like no food insists Lindsay Lohan all along here. Yeah. Retreated. Rock you here's -- -- time. Can we check and we want some answers about why this ", "Thank you will see any if any and that happens that rules that the rest of the week. Cash well Lila  Lindsay Lohan  and it's and we know she's been in trouble for like the last five years and now. She and not only for things she's done ", "happens that rules that the rest of the week. Cash well Lila Lindsay Lohan and it's and we know she's been in trouble for like the last five years -- and now. She and not only ", 'After party until the other night  Lindsay Lohan  and her mom Dina and got into a fight over. Money and Lindsay gave to her mom to supposedly save house that Lindsay made a phone ', 'After party -- until -- the other night Lindsay Lohan and her mom Dina and got into a fight over. Money and Lindsay gave to her mom to supposedly save -- house ']