['Chevy Chase , Beverly D\'Angelo, Dana Barron, and  Anthony Michael Hall , came to define the 1980s in America, spurred Vacation" as family patriarch Clark Griswold, a young  Anthony Michael Hall \'s career was about to take off. Hall scored a ', 'Anthony Michael Hall  may have played the ultimate geek as a Brat Pack star of the 1980s. But last week, the grown-up Hall, now 41, was ordered ', 'dust or swine flu for lady and friend. A breakthrough science has been searching for since the mid-\'80s, when  Anthony Michael Hall  wore a bra on his head in the movie "Weird Science ."', 'Remembering John Hughes (1950-2009): 5 Memorable Musical Moments From His Classic Films', 'of the same actors in his films, launching the careers of members of the teenage "Brat Pack" -- Ringwald,  Anthony Michael Hall , Judd Nelson, Rob Lowe. Later in his writing career, he wrote vehicles for the late comedian John Candy including ', 'affectionately known as "The Brat Pack" that included Emilio Estevez, Judd Nelson, Ally Sheedy, Rob Lowe,  Anthony Michael Hall  and Molly Ringwald, who shot to fame after Hughes cast her in 1984\'s "Sixteen Candles." Ringwald, a 41-year-old ', 'that time, they brought in third-string players like Jim Belushi (hardly a substitute for his late brother),  Anthony Michael Hall  (always the geek from The Breakfast Club) and Robert Downey Jr. (certainly not the hardee-har-har type ', 'Breakfast Club. Set in a mid- 80s suburb of Chicago, the original (featuring Judd Nelson, Molly Ringwald,  Anthony Michael Hall , Ally Sheedy, and Emilio Estevez) detention crew aka the Breakfast Club spawned some of Gen-X s most quoted ', 'chase, beverly d\'angelo,  anthony michael hall , and dana barron. One thing Like the bow loney. A young  anthony michael hall \'s career was about to launch fairly close and in touch.  Anthony michael hall  did a little spot on "community ', "the original cast 30 years in the making. Chevy chase, beverly d'angelo, anthony michael hall , and dana barron. One thing is immediately clear. This crew is downright funny. They're doing a gag. You can't fool me, buddy. ", "started to dance a little. Reporter: Like the bow loney. A young anthony michael hall's career was about to launch. This movie gave me a start in everything. And I remember laughing and having a great experience ", 'this original cast of "vacation" has remained fairly close and in touch. Anthony michael hall did a little spot on "community," with chevy chase. And when chevy chase got to the photo shoot, he looked around. I ', 'weeks ago we had a guy could turn into next Tunisia scares in the shower and I am tonight that might make that.  Anthony Michael Hall  stars and pains and man you stronger and more invincible engine house. And we had a body more for and would more ', '-- in the shower and I am tonight that might make that. Anthony Michael Hall stars and pains and man you stronger and more invincible engine house. And we had a body more for -- -- -- ', "Jobs were never ordinary kids like. Computer because they do He wanted to. was an old TV special let's start  Anthony Michael hall  and no wily as as Bill Gates and Steve Jobs and is all about their long term complicated relationship. In that ", "He wanted to. -- was -- an old TV special let's start Anthony Michael hall and no wily as as Bill Gates and Steve Jobs and is all about their long term complicated relationship. In that -- "]