['Helen Mirren and Anthony Hopkins discuss their roles in the sequel of the hit-film "Red."', "the return of read to was its appropriately called. Once again stars Bruce Willis Helen Mirren Mary Louise Parker  Anthony Hopkins  John. shedding it playing a team of operatives try to track. missing nuclear device. We didn't hear I need to ", "called. Once again stars Bruce Willis Helen Mirren Mary Louise Parker -- Anthony Hopkins John. -- shedding it playing a team of operatives try to track. -- -- missing nuclear device. We didn't hear -- -- ", 'And has the ability to make everyone laugh. We have some new actors in the film. Catherine zeta-jones,  anthony hopkins .  Anthony hopkins . They are all very funny. They have great timing. It was as if no time passed between 2010 and this one ', 'everyone laugh. We have some new actors in the film. Catherine zeta-jones, anthony hopkins . Anthony hopkins . They are all very funny. They have great timing. It was as if no time passed between 2010 and this one. It ', 'music selected hills this winding road. Beverly Hills mansion contestants are not True Katy Perry Jessica Simpson  Anthony Hopkins  from where I am you name it I love doing dentistry I mean it is fine. Smart successful. Loving father. The divorced ', 'mansion contestants are not True -- Katy Perry Jessica Simpson -- -- Anthony Hopkins from where -- -- I am -- you name it I love doing dentistry I mean it is fine. Smart -- successful. ', "winding road. Beverly Hills mansion and distant star Patrick Little door for. Katy Perry Jessica since then Jackman  Anthony Hopkins . From where I sure I'll tell you name it I love doing dentistry I mean it's fine. Smart successful loving father ", "star Patrick Little door for. Katy Perry Jessica since then -- Jackman Anthony Hopkins . From where I sure I'll tell you name it I love doing dentistry I mean -- it's fine. Smart successful -- loving ", "and you can convince you that he's in control even when his characters completely out of it. We're so pleased  Anthony Hopkins  here in the city of this this morning talk but his new supernatural thriller the right so great to having good media ", "his characters completely out of it. We're so pleased -- -- -- Anthony Hopkins here in the city of this this morning talk but his new supernatural thriller the right so great to having good media ", "Before we want to do this week asked some of our viewers to come up with question and we have one right now so I'm shut out. And we're gonna get this monitor and hear from pound backs. Some experts question is what filmmakers inspired you to create. Wild crazy serial film which is look. Looks like", "stream a movie written directed and starring  Anthony Hopkins .  Anthony Hopkins  will be with us in just a moment but first let's this. Three more three. we welcome to the show  Anthony Hopkins  Tony thank you for being here to And I've got ", "movies right now. Is slip stream a movie written directed and starring Anthony Hopkins . Anthony Hopkins will be with us in just a moment but first let's take a peek at slip stream -- -- She says you ", "three. -- -- -- -- -- -- we welcome to the show Anthony Hopkins Tony thank you for being here to -- And I've got to say something we've seen a little bit of slip stream. Trailer a little peek of what it was. And you know -- -- -- Anthony Hopkins the writer -- director. You compose the score acted in it and -- -- I know you. You know did the menu ", 'anyone who I had silence on the I was afraid to sleep for about two years after this movie best actor talking data  Anthony Hopkins  went for best actor in and Jodie Foster back to act. Dress she. what the other iPhone live up to the original the ', 'for about two years after this movie -- best actor talking data Anthony Hopkins went for best actor in -- -- -- and Jodie Foster back to act. Dress she. -- what -- the other -- ', "kangaroo. On the Alec Baldwin and Jude law and lend their voices. Opening tomorrow one master portraying another  Anthony Hopkins  starting on the local ago. Helen here co stars as Alfred Hitchcock's wife own. I promised my I wouldn't. Are ", "Jude law and lend their voices. Opening tomorrow one master portraying another Anthony Hopkins starting -- -- -- on the local -- ago. Helen here -- co stars as Alfred Hitchcock's wife own. I promised my ", 'that\'s scarlett johansson getting the unwelcomed surprise. This is your first look at "hitchcock," in which  anthony hopkins  plays the legendary director. But unlike hitchcock films, this is a love story between hitchcock and his wife ', 'the unwelcomed surprise. This is your first look at "hitchcock," in which anthony hopkins plays the legendary director. But unlike hitchcock films, this is a love story between hitchcock and his wife, played by helen mirren, ', "the way the kingdom of heaven the cause. Again what the old A great wise man but the big white beard in our case  Anthony Hopkins . Perfect the traffic count things if he's that he's think thinking of the nine rounds the king of the universe ", "A great wise man but the big white beard in our case Anthony Hopkins . Perfect the traffic count things if he's that he's think thinking of the nine rounds the king of the universe and his ", "well you see the amazing resemblance between. And a half games and Mitch Thompson a great movie and who doesn't  Anthony Hopkins  man you know it but it Hannibal Justin We're just to be terrible two year. He also called a day yesterday but has ", "a half games and Mitch Thompson a great movie and who doesn't Anthony Hopkins man you know it but it -- Hannibal -- -- -- -- -- Justin -- We're just to be -- terrible -- ", "Beowulf a hero epic proportions comes to save came rock god played by  Anthony Hopkins  beleaguered ruler whose kingdom. That's fallen prey to fifteen in She's no good move. We both Hopkins king also counsels ", "a hero epic proportions comes to save came rock god played by Anthony Hopkins -- beleaguered ruler whose kingdom. That's fallen prey to fifteen in -- She's no good -- -- move. We both -- Hopkins ", 'American. Super. Your full favorite character and The brilliantly calm controlled cities of ultimate evil we have  Anthony Hopkins  In the most iconic role of his career peace deal just standing in that sound when she first comes CN. Sending them ', '-- -- The brilliantly calm controlled cities of ultimate evil we have Anthony Hopkins -- In the most iconic role of his career peace deal just standing in that sound when she first comes CN. Sending ', "invulnerable when He talks to person. We also to do that. You've got the Hollywood reporter dared to with I'm  Anthony Hopkins  and it says. Make or break this is it. You are going down this season to hit into thinking. What does somebody ", "that. You've got the Hollywood reporter dared to -- -- with I'm Anthony Hopkins and it says. Make or break this is it. You are going down this season to hit into thinking. What does somebody ", "skeptics atheists is that. They're always looking for proof certainty. Question is what knows what we do with  Anthony Hopkins  and a bravura performance plays an cyst column know Donahue a young seminarian skepticism. The right. Continental ", 'looking for proof certainty. Question is what knows what we do with Anthony Hopkins and a bravura performance plays an -- cyst column know Donahue a young seminarian -- -- skepticism. The right. Continental. Just a ']