['Child star alum on Lindsay Lohan, Amanda Bynes: "They Are In A Place That\'s Not Good."', "What a message. Especially if you're  lindsey lohan . Dan abrams here today. Supposed to start rehab yesterday, looks like she didn't make it. She's not in the rehab center ", "What a message. Especially if you're lindsey lohan . Dan abrams here today. Supposed to start rehab yesterday, looks like she didn't make it. She's not in the rehab center she ", "johnson, a 30-day jail sentence after patting his attorney's backside. The judge reduced the sentence to seven days.  Lindsay lohan  served 30 days of 590-day jail ten tense, after showing up in court with obscenities on her nails. As for bynes, she ", "patting his attorney's backside. The judge reduced the sentence to seven days. Lindsay lohan served 30 days of 590-day jail ten tense, after showing up in court with obscenities on her nails. As for bynes, she ", 'Everybody recognizes the need for top-notch drug and alcohol treatment. But nobody wants it in their neighborhood. Reporter:  Lindsay lohan  is a patient at that establishment. Others who have passed through malibu, dropping roughly 30 grand a month, include ', 'drug and alcohol treatment. But nobody wants it in their neighborhood. Reporter: Lindsay lohan is a patient at that establishment. Others who have passed through malibu, dropping roughly 30 grand a month, include hasselhoff, spears, dick, ', "every yeah. Hey you know what. And where we're just coming off the bench apparently ran a red card like no food insists  Lindsay Lohan  all along here. Yeah. Retreated. Rock you here's time. Can we check and we want some answers about why this man on ", "off the bench apparently ran a red card like no food insists Lindsay Lohan all along here. Yeah. Retreated. Rock you here's -- -- time. Can we check and we want some answers about why this ", "Thank you will see any if any and that happens that rules that the rest of the week. Cash well Lila  Lindsay Lohan  and it's and we know she's been in trouble for like the last five years and now. She and not only for things she's done ", "happens that rules that the rest of the week. Cash well Lila Lindsay Lohan and it's and we know she's been in trouble for like the last five years -- and now. She and not only ", 'After party until the other night  Lindsay Lohan  and her mom Dina and got into a fight over. Money and Lindsay gave to her mom to supposedly save house that Lindsay made a phone ', 'After party -- until -- the other night Lindsay Lohan and her mom Dina and got into a fight over. Money and Lindsay gave to her mom to supposedly save -- house ', "But it was very good day for  Lindsay Lohan  was officially taken off formal probation he's doing everything that It was Well that is flat on and that does lead off our  Lindsay Lohan  to had a good day of good day in court for about Lindsay ", "But it was very good day for Lindsay Lohan -- -- was officially taken off formal probation he's doing everything. That this court has asked of her -- that -- -- ", 'that is flat on and that does lead off our -- -- Lindsay Lohan to had a good day of good day in court for about Lindsay. On Thursday like you heard -- composed talk about ', "Let's talk about  Lindsay Lohan  because she if you watch the awards show was right off the top because water cooler moment and every music talk about tomorrow.  Lindsay Lohan  poking fun herself. Making this amazing. Established rehabilitating ", "Let's talk about Lindsay Lohan because she if you watch the awards show was right off the top and she -- great. In this this is going to be that's because -- water cooler moment and every music talk about tomorrow. Lindsay Lohan poking fun herself. Making this amazing. Established -- rehabilitating her career extraordinary couple who wrote the cover of Vanity Fair she was ", 'Actress  Lindsay Lohan  says her brakes failed and that the truck driver she hit is trying to make some quick cash. and slammed reports into a truck in ', 'Actress Lindsay Lohan says her brakes failed and that the truck driver she hit is trying to make some quick cash. -- and slammed reports ', "regularly and I cannot grant. And the often to back offered to send a student  Lindsay Lohan  at pizza my back next generation. But what's unexpected about  Lindsay Lohan  is she's an amazingly downs and a at Lindsay and I just step that we are ", "-- And the often -- to back offered to send a student Lindsay Lohan at pizza my -- back next generation. But what's unexpected about Lindsay Lohan is she's an amazingly downs and a -- -- -- at Lindsay and I just step that we are one thing very ", "called me. I am just buckle our top. verses well Rosie O'Donnell turns out that Rosie O'Donnell's taking issue with  Lindsay Lohan  being cast to play Elizabeth Taylor union made TV movie about Liz Taylor and Richard Burton's romance. We have a little ", "verses well Rosie O'Donnell turns out that Rosie O'Donnell's taking issue with Lindsay Lohan being cast to play Elizabeth Taylor union made -- TV movie about Liz Taylor and Richard Burton's romance. We have a little ", "news Los Angeles. So what is next for  Lindsay Lohan  as she prepares to go to jail on July right now because she has been in rehab  Lindsay Lohan  has reached out for. For help before what will only serve. If she wasn't  Lindsay Lohan  she wouldn't do more than about six ", 'America David Wright ABC news Los Angeles. So what is next for Lindsay Lohan as she prepares to go to jail on July 20 joining us this -- therapist Terry real. And criminal defense attorney Mark ', "let's bring in Terry right now because she has been in rehab Lindsay Lohan has reached out for. For help -- before from her family and friends have said that she has an issue a father. ", "she will really sure what -- will only serve. If she wasn't Lindsay Lohan she wouldn't do more than about six hours given what happened with Paris Hilton I wouldn't bet on it. That the letter ", "last night  Lindsay Lohan  locked herself in an infamous brushes with the law while hosting Saturday Night Live. help resurrect her career ABC's John Mueller ", "-- last night Lindsay Lohan locked herself in an infamous brushes with the law while hosting Saturday Night Live. -- help resurrect her career ABC's John Mueller ", "made it it's it's not uncommon. But the amount of times  Lindsay Lohan  done it is a bit uncommon in the fact that she nighttime turning point. Very tough position to be for the lawyer and so  Lindsay Lohan  has really got to start delivering the worst considered look ", "I made it it's it's not uncommon. But the amount of times Lindsay Lohan -- done it is a bit uncommon in the fact that she nighttime -- I think what can you imagine -- horrible here. I mean that's the worst physician to be and you know my client blew it off nine times and -- to explain that old as the turning point. Very tough position to be -- for the lawyer and so Lindsay Lohan has really got to start delivering the worst considered -- look. This -- serious. This is real. If you don't start fulfilling ", "Toughest game right now ended interest in exchange between  Lindsay Lohan  and David Letterman not not to mincing any words. Comes out  Lindsay Lohan  doesn't Letterman. Gets right to it breaks the ice with a nice subtle question like. was to be ", "Toughest game right now ended interest in exchange between Lindsay Lohan and David Letterman -- -- not not to mincing any words. Comes out Lindsay Lohan doesn't Letterman. Gets right to it breaks the ice with a nice subtle question like. -- -- was to be in rehab ", "Let's talk about  Lindsay Lohan  this morning she actually has a new song and I think I can the name of the song is too young to die. And I think you can guess ", "Let's talk about Lindsay Lohan this morning she actually has a new song and I think I can -- the name of the song is too young ", 'Lindsay Lohan  returning to a Beverly Hills courtroom to face the judge before beginning her sentence. Lindsay spent the last few days at this ', 'Lindsay Lohan returning to a Beverly Hills courtroom to face the judge before beginning her sentence. Lindsay spent the last few days at this ', 'Lindsay Lohan  is back in the slammer the starlet appeared in the Los Angeles court today and judge fox decided she did in fact violate her probation ', 'Lindsay Lohan is back in the slammer the starlet appeared in the Los Angeles court today and judge fox decided she did in fact ']