['57. Singer-songwriter Kate Bush is 55. Country singer Neal McCoy is 55. Actor Laurence Fishburne is 52. Actress  Lisa Kudrow  ("Friends") is 50. Country guitarist Dwayne O\'Brien of Little Texas is 49. Actress Vivica A. Fox is 49. Actor ', 'health advice. Their jumping off point is the excellent web series Web Therapy , which follows Dr. Fiona Wallace ( Lisa Kudrow ) as she conducts truly bizarre and wildly unhelpful therapy sessions over Skype. Connecting to French Bulldogs Remember ', 'NBC sitcom), the mistaken identities continue when Courteney Cox appears from inside the house, and shrieks, " Lisa  [ Kudrow ] ?" "It\'s Jennifer!" Aniston replies. To find out how Justin Theroux factors into the conversation, and what ', 'she was leaving and last May, Jon Pollack, the original showrunner, left. NBC may pursue former \'Friend\'s star  Lisa Kudrow  to replace Applegate, Deadline reported. The future of "Up All Night" isn\'t the network\'s only concern for its ', 'Leslie and April could get jealous that someone is infringing on her misanthropic mean girl territory. Phoebe Buffay ( Lisa Kudrow ) and Mike Hannigan (Paul Rudd), Friends Ross and Rachel got all the attention with their "Will they? Won\'t they ', 'Everyone knows about a "Smelly Cat" thanks to song lyrics made famous by  Lisa Kudrow \'s character Phoebe Buffay on the hit sitcom "Friends." Now, what about an "angry cat"? That moniker is now being claimed ', 'Facts of Life" alum Nancy McKeon play Monica on NBC\'s "Friends," but Courtney Cox was ultimately chosen instead.  Lisa Kudrow  was initially hired to play the role of Roz on the "Cheers" spinoff "Frasier," but later was dropped in favor of ', 'An attorney for  Lisa Kudrow  said he and the actress are considering taking a legal dispute with her former manager to the California Supreme Court. The legal ', 'family of political journalists, gone to a New England prep school and performed sketch comedy with Will Ferrell and  Lisa Kudrow , Wenworth has life experiences that will have you rolling on the floor laughing. Read an excerpt from "Ali in Wonderland ', 'of "Friends," including Aniston , Courteney Cox and  Lisa Kudrow , have cultivated noteworthy careers since the show ended at what they\'ve been doing since the show wrapped.  Lisa Kudrow  The quirkiest member of the "Friends" cast has followed ', 'course we do, we probably have 100 of them." Actress  Lisa Kudrow , Band WAR Show Support for Unfriend Day He convinced one of television\'s most famous "friends," actress  Lisa Kudrow , to record a mock PSA for his national holiday. "Your ', 'a woman. True, not all of them are alone (see:  Lisa Kudrow  , David Schwimmer ), but there enough now-single hoping it will all work out for me in the end."  Lisa Kudrow Lisa Kudrow  as Phoebe Buffay,  Lisa Kudrow  now. Kudrow\'s managed ', "about that right now. A show called web therapy starring  Lisa Kudrow  as doctor Fiona worse there has ever. The show started in a show like this but first let's take a look at  Lisa Kudrow  in action as doctor Fiona in web therapy. Via video ", "really intriguing about that right now. A show called web therapy starring Lisa Kudrow as doctor Fiona -- worse there has ever. The show started -- just three minute episode and now on showtime as half hour show where you could see. This woman just missed -- I am all for patients. Well Lisa will be with us in just a moment to tell you. How she got involved in a show like this but first let's take a look at Lisa Kudrow in action as doctor Fiona in web therapy. Via video icon. Here and apparently. Aren't we going to do yet and -- ", "Here's more on national un friend day. I'm  Lisa Kudrow . Your friends on face but are not your real friends. Real friends are people you meet at central perk. People who watch you ", "Here's more on national un friend day. I'm Lisa Kudrow . Your friends on face but are not your real friends. Real friends are people you meet at central perk. People who watch ", 'decade finally calls it quits. For  Lisa Kudrow  who played the eccentric friend doctor Wallace is a figment of  Lisa Kudrow  imagination. And what started follows her C believe it or not  Lisa Kudrow  is supposed to be a pharmacologist ', "America's most popular programs for a decade finally calls it quits. For Lisa Kudrow who played the eccentric friend Phoebe. The answer includes family both old and new and more comedy and the doctor is in ", "are harmed in the sessions because doctor Wallace is a figment of Lisa Kudrow -- imagination. And what started as a -- now has iPhone app that's interesting. A best comedy Webby award and a deal ", "especially when she follows her -- -- C believe it or not Lisa Kudrow is supposed to be a -- pharmacologist. -- studied biology at Vassar and at this year's commencement described how her father a ", "Themselves it was evolved gas such great chemistry and that cast doing these days I hear that you're doing something with  Lisa Kudrow . And and what's next for you. We idea that Joshi has of the series called web therapy it's it's on the lab in ", "that cast doing these days I hear that you're doing something with Lisa Kudrow . And and what's next for you. We idea that -- -- -- -- Joshi has of the series called web therapy it's "]