['is a fantasy right now." Seyfried\'s frank talk about love and sex coincides with her upcoming role as porn star  Linda Lovelace  in the biopic "Lovelace." The "Les Miserables" actress landed the role once coveted by Lindsay Lohan, Olivia ', 'come a long way from her "Mean Girls" and "Mamma Mia!" days. The "Les Miserables" actress stars as porn star  Linda Lovelace  in the upcoming movie "Lovelace" whose trailer has just been released. Lovelace was the star of 1972 mega-hit ', 'resume, Amanda Seyfried, 27, has demonstrated both acting and singing chops. Add to the plus category for this potential candidate her first star turn in a biopic. Seyfried will play porn star  Linda Lovelace  in the upcoming "Lovelace."', 'Seyfried is uncensored when it comes to talking about her body and preparing for her role as "Deep Throat" star  Linda Lovelace . "Maybe this is backwards, but because she found the power in herself and in her body at a point, it made me feel ', 'Mothers," about mothers who have affairs with each other\'s teenage sons; "Lovelace," the biopic about porn star  Linda Lovelace ; and "Don Jon\'s Addiction," a romantic comedy about a porn addict. "What would you call a film festival airing ', 'content is at odds with Utah\'s family values. (Also irking the Institute: "Lovelace," the biopic about porn star  Linda Lovelace  that premieres here next week.) The Secret to Getting Into Sundance Parties: Get on This List "What would you ', "Guns N' Roses, Tom Petty, Johnny Cash, Fleetwood Mac, and more rock heavyweights. 4. Amanda Seyfried as  Linda Lovelace . The role that Lindsay Lohan lost out on is Seyfried's to own. In 2011, Seyfried told ABCNews.com that playing ", 'co-founder\'s life. He\'ll be joined at Sundance by a lot of other stars. "Lovelace," the biopic of porn star  Linda Lovelace  starring Amanda Seyfried and James Franco, will debut at at the film festival, as will "Before Midnight," in ', "working with Dave Chappelle in You've Got Mail . I was going to praise her essays from the 1970s on Pat Loud and  Linda Lovelace . I was going to be quiet so she could make jokes I'd never forget. I was going to be Nora Ephron's friend, dammit ", 'were married for six years, and the actress has been showing the strain of the separation. She dropped out of a  Linda Lovelace  biopic in which she had been cast to play Gloria Steinem, and her physical appearance changed. "After Ashton and ', 'throughout the news conference.) Moore, on the other hand, just dropped out of her latest project, "Lovelace," the  Linda Lovelace  biopic in which she had been cast as Gloria Steinem. "She\'s the wronged woman, he\'s a young guy," Us Weekly ', 'throughout the news conference.) Moore, on the other hand, just dropped out of her latest project, "Lovelace," the  Linda Lovelace  biopic in which she had been cast as Gloria Steinem. "She\'s the wronged woman, he\'s a young guy," Us Weekly ', 'People out there the first plane ride in the male porn star apparently he started deep throughout 1970 got to opposite  Linda Lovelace . And just passed away because we ought to make quite that is passed away the 65 years old the cause of death not ', 'male porn star apparently he started deep throughout 1970 got to opposite Linda Lovelace . And just passed away because we ought to make quite that is passed away the 65 years old the cause of death ', "risk of getting arrested not showing up to sat. It's a really hard thing she lost that role and that movie about  Linda Lovelace  has. She was going through a lot of legal problems right after she was passed and she doesn't seem to have any ", "a really hard thing she lost that role and that movie about Linda Lovelace has. She was going through a lot of legal problems right after she was passed and she doesn't seem to have any ", 'of yet world and I think she really made it chic so maybe this could be the return of Lindsay Lohan to she you know  Linda Lovelace  revolutionized the porn business so maybe with the movement to ban all these years later.', 'be the return of Lindsay Lohan to she -- -- you know Linda Lovelace revolutionized the porn business so maybe with the movement to ban all these years later. ', "lost a part playing the real life story of porn star  Linda Lovelace . Court you know handed out the very stiff sentence institution get back to work He didn't doesn't have that  Linda Lovelace . Role would you recommend At this point I would imagine ", 'she lost a part playing the real life story of porn star Linda Lovelace . Court you know handed out the very stiff sentence of a lot of jail. And a lot of rehab hopefully she can ', "meanwhile our institution get back to work He didn't doesn't have that Linda Lovelace . Role would you recommend -- At this point I would imagine it's going to be very hard for to get huge starring ", 'of the movie in which she plays pistol packing nine. Also put on hold or plans for her to play an adult film star  Linda Lovelace . And then this upcoming movie art and reality were As low land the court ordered alcohol monitor on her ankle. Settles ', 'on hold or plans for her to play an adult film star Linda Lovelace . And then this upcoming movie art and reality were -- As low land -- the court ordered alcohol monitor on her ankle. ', 'able to promote her new movie her rubber tree movie machete in early September and of course this much talked about  Linda Lovelace  movie is going to push off as far as shooting us. Well I certainly hope she gets the help she needs finally are right ', 'movie machete in early September and of course this much talked about Linda Lovelace movie is going to push off as far as shooting us. Well I certainly hope she gets the help she needs finally ']