["trash is somebody is there true Broadway legend somebody perhaps with a new album somebody straps and an album called  Liza Minnelli . Okay. Yeah. Do you know. bet that bugs him. We know. Middletown. Yeah. Okay. Okay. And I didn't come from ", 'somebody perhaps with a new album somebody straps and an album called Liza Minnelli . Okay. -- -- -- Yeah. -- ', 'Minnelli has been famous since the day she was born her parents Hollywood royalty. In fact in 1948 she appeared when she was only a toddler in one of their movies Easter parade. Julie in her mother starred in Vincent Minnelli her father directed. Before long she became a star in her own right has', "let me very quickly we have a piano and store become. Is. today live very for a special guest dog the legendary  Liza .  Minnelli  won't you. Eastern 1 PM. Your but how well again good afternoon. That I had let's get back downstairs and out ", "-- today -- live very for a special guest dog the legendary Liza . Minnelli won't you. Eastern 1 PM. Your but how well again good afternoon. That I had let's get back downstairs and out today. ", "be giving the book out again.  Liza Minnelli . The story that you tell. Really You find out she's in town  Liza Minnelli  and living in Dayton Ohio they're see her luggage going buys us  Liza Minnelli  and I'm like. eight years old ", "what she would be. -- would be giving the book out again. Liza Minnelli . The story that you tell. Really helps people understand. What -- nerd I what is the -- it's okay you can say. I have a lot of like yeah this year the here you are good -- -- young actor. You find out she's in town Liza Minnelli and living in Dayton Ohio they're not celebrities and in Ohio and in -- is coming off of cabaret. -- biggest phenomenon in the business nominal lobby and I see her luggage going buys us Liza Minnelli and I'm like. -- -- eight years old I want to be an actor. And I figure I'm gonna meet her. It's a -- front desk. -- -- -- I can't see over the front desk but at the beginning of and I say what's Liza Minnelli Yzerman for some reason He gave me the room number. An eight year old an eight year old. God knows what was ", 'penny of it it will all be paid for by the British. Taxpayer which the celebrity wedding that was number one which was  Liza Minnelli  the 3.5 million. Dial or going to be as Arafat ever answer would add up to date. This is still being debated what ', '-- -- -- the celebrity wedding that was number one which was Liza Minnelli -- the -- -- 3.5 million. Dial or going to be -- -- -- as Arafat ever answer would add up to ', "Louisiana don't in the on television Larry you'll you know I am. But he's ending on a in October where He made  Liza Minnelli  break to I never kissed a wonderful. Pat isn't headaches pain. I never a kiss to the big full look this flow ", "am. But he's ending on a -- in October where He made Liza Minnelli break -- to -- I never kissed a wonderful. Pat isn't headaches pain. I never a kiss to the big full look ", "Kathy Griffin and among them is that what celebrities that stand out met and who would you like to me. Well meeting  Liza Minnelli  was a dream come true that was a really and I didn't know what's gonna happen and it happened so fast. And on ", "-- met and who would you like to me. Well -- meeting Liza Minnelli was a dream come true that was a really and -- I didn't know what's gonna happen and it happened so fast. ", 'expensive this legend is going to be is actually going to be the second the most expensive. Celebrity wedding of all time  Liza Minnelli  and David still have the however what I think so interest and is the family dynamic area. Kept clean your system behind ', 'to be the second the most expensive. Celebrity wedding of all time Liza Minnelli and David -- still have the -- however what I think so interest and is the family dynamic area. Kept -- clean ', 'celebrations and rally. Protests. And inevitably the late night show. Finally gay men can now marry someone other than  Liza Minnelli  very excited. The latest salvo in the war over gay marriage was fired by federal judge Vaughn. In a sweeping ruling ', 'late night show. Finally gay men can now marry someone other than Liza Minnelli very excited. The latest salvo in the war over gay marriage was fired by federal judge Vaughn. In a sweeping ruling he ', 'this celebrations in rallying okay. Protests. And inevitably the late night Gay men can now marry someone other than  Liza Minnelli  very exciting. The latest salvo in the war over gay marriage was fired by federal judge Vaughn. In a sweeping ruling ', '-- -- -- -- Gay men can now marry someone other than Liza Minnelli very exciting. The latest salvo in the war over gay marriage was fired by federal judge Vaughn. In a sweeping ruling he ', "don't want him looking off to women and children. Davis who's done her share of celebrity protection everyone from  Liza Minnelli  to Harry Potter creator JP's role. These days the bad economy is causing a security boom davis' bankers and businessmen ", "and children. Davis who's done her share of celebrity protection everyone from Liza Minnelli to Harry Potter creator JP's role. These days the bad economy is causing a security boom davis' bankers and businessmen or some ", 'sign. That 2009 could be better than the horrible 2008. On this first trading day of 2009. Closing bell was rung by  Liza Minnelli  who once famously saying money makes the world go over how far have good as investors drove the through the 9000 mark ', 'On this first trading day of 2009. Closing bell was rung by Liza Minnelli who once famously saying money makes the world go over how far have -- good -- as investors drove the -- through ', 'first album how to save a life. This album includes the song you found me which is featured on the ABC drama law.  Liza Minnelli  is back palace and his just released a live her performance. Classics include on the album art cabaret hello hello ', 'song you found me which is featured on the ABC drama law. Liza Minnelli is back palace and his just released a live -- -- her performance. Classics include on the album art cabaret hello hello ']