["(Fernando Leon/Getty Images) Patrick Swayze's widow  Lisa Niemi  has found love again. Niemi, 56, is dating jeweler Albert DePrisco, her rep confirmed to People magazine. The pair met through ", 'Gold and Carnie Wilson (ABC\'s "Celebrity Wife Swap\'); Isaac Mizrahi ("Project Runway All Stars"); Author  Lisa Niemi  Swayze (Worth Fighting For: Love, Loss and Moving Forward); diet secrets of the stars; Extreme Couponing All Stars ', "While boarding a plane in July,  Lisa Niemi  sent a text message to her husband, the actor Patrick may be the most modern way of manifesting a journal. [ Lisa Niemi ] may know her husband won't get this. But I see this ", 'formidable ally in his corner -- his life-long love,  Lisa Niemi . The couple wrote about that love story in their new together on stage. And suddenly, everything changed."  Lisa Niemi  on Patrick Swayze: \'I Remember Everything\' Swayze ', "in California as a group of prominent women gathered for a special panel on grief, including Patrick Swayze's wife  Lisa Niemi  , who spoke publicly for the first time since her husband's death. The panelists told the audience what lessons they ", "In a memoir Patrick Swayze and his wife,  Lisa Niemi , chronicled the personal and professional challenges they faced and I know that he's going to ride this horse as far as it'll go.  Lisa Niemi  July 2009", '10 pm ET. Patrick Swayze\'s wife  Lisa Niemi  told ABC News\' Barbara Walters that wife and soulmate for 34 years."  Lisa Niemi  said that he had just recently completed the amount of fight in him," said  Lisa Niemi , Swayze\'s wife of 34 years. The ', '12-hour days for five months, mostly in cold, nighttime conditions. Recently, Swayze and his wife of 33 years,  Lisa Niemi , announced they were penning a memoir. Luchina Fisher', 'The 56-year-old\'s battle with cancer began late in 2007. As he celebrated New Year\'s Eve with his wife,  Lisa Niemi , Swayze felt that something was wrong. "I tried to have champagne, and it would be like pouring acid, you know ', 'say yes, I am." Swayze\'s battle with cancer began late in 2007. As he celebrated New Year\'s Eve with his wife,  Lisa Niemi , Swayze felt that something was wrong. "I tried to have champagne, and it would be like pouring acid, you know ', 'say yes, I am." Swayze\'s battle with cancer began late in 2007. As he celebrated New Year\'s Eve with his wife,  Lisa Niemi , Swayze felt that something was wrong. "I tried to have champagne, and it would be like pouring acid, you know ', "Patrick Swayze's Wife Lisa Niemi  Swayze Revisits Loss in New Book, 'Worth Fighting For'", "many of us it's been over two years since we lost the incredibly. that Patrick Swayze pancreatic cancer. His wife  Lisa Niemi  swayze has a brand new book it is beautiful called worth fighting for very honest depiction. Of their loved her tough ", 'lost the incredibly. -- that Patrick Swayze -- pancreatic cancer. His wife Lisa Niemi swayze has a brand new book it is beautiful -- -- called worth fighting for very honest depiction. Of their loved her ', "didn't help to this but I'm glad you're here with me on this journey. Dating back to their days as dance partners  Lisa Niemi  had the best of both worlds with her husband. 1991 sexiest man alive Patrick Swayze. Lifetime in the immediate attraction ", 'me on this journey. Dating back to their days as dance partners Lisa Niemi had the best of both worlds with her husband. 1991 sexiest man alive Patrick Swayze. Lifetime -- in the immediate attraction I ', "disease in helps its focus people's attention that this is something that we need to pay attention to you. And his wife  Lisa Niemi  swayze is now our official spokesperson is reaching out to the public to help us raise awareness and visibility. All ", 'something that we need to pay attention to you. And his wife Lisa Niemi swayze is now our official spokesperson is reaching out to the public to help us raise awareness and visibility. All what is ']