["Lisa certainly like for life interest worn many hats from actress to talk show host to bu T owner to author. And she's got a slew of new projects but she wants to tell us all about these welcome. So great to you hear each season is to be here in New an actress and now let's talk about your new book", "Let's turn now to pop is not but nice prosecutor with all the inside Hollywood that rob great at the end it was an exercise back love let's Lisa. because you haven't excludes I hello I'm at least has a new book starlets and noble. Insight into these are really about the book in the character in the", "And welcome to our unnoticed but there and I. The marriage together Hollywood but it is nothing compared to trying to keep your children. Harry Hamlin all the work you've The world's. He said I can make your So much better it's. Really be about 20% are. And where did your are. Police said. Get to", 'This weekend marks one of the most exciting night in Hollywood the highly anticipated any awards. And other stars get glitz and glamour millions of people around are glued to their TVs checks to see the winners. The losers and of course what people are wearing consumers are happy to be joined by', "Lisa Rinna  and Harry Hamlin have been married for thirteen years together for a total of eighteen years now they're ready to share their ", "Lisa Rinna and Harry Hamlin have been married for thirteen years together for a total of eighteen years now they're ready to share their ", "asked some lucky the question want answered what is that like to live with some of the sexiest. Melrose Place vixen  Lisa Rinna  says she is just that ended in her husband. 59 year old Harry Hamlin who was people's 1987. Sexiest line. Harry ", "live with some of the sexiest. -- -- -- Melrose Place vixen Lisa Rinna says she is just that ended in her husband. 59 year old Harry Hamlin who was people's 1987. Sexiest -- line. Harry ", "it's whatever Alley feels like doing and it's often very bizarre and dirty which I love. Pop up right away I am  Lisa Rinna  and Harry Hamlin coming on today have been asked them what they did it depends us. Oh yeah I'm I'm I'm guessing ", "bizarre and dirty which I love. Pop up right away I am Lisa Rinna and Harry Hamlin coming on today have been asked them what they did it depends us. Oh yeah I'm I'm I'm guessing ", "night alone. The most watched entertainment program on cable. Among the show's faithful follower, celebrities like  lisa rinna , oprah winfrey and l.L. Cool j. One of the series featured songs, performed by cee lo green is giving the old book ", "watched entertainment program on cable. Among the show's faithful follower, celebrities like lisa rinna , oprah winfrey and l.L. Cool j. One of the series featured songs, performed by cee lo green is giving the old book ", 'Hollywood stars  Lisa Rinna  and Dana Delaney regret having had plastic surgery.', 'become an all too common story patients becoming disfigured or even dying in the name of beauty. From celebrities like  Lisa Rinna  who recently reversed the size of her uneven and an oversized lips to Tara Reid who was publicly embarrassed by liposuction ', 'disfigured or even dying in the name of beauty. From celebrities like Lisa Rinna who recently reversed the size of her uneven and an oversized lips to Tara Reid who was publicly embarrassed by -- liposuction ', "we're not just gonna tell you he's on the show we're gonna do it's a fun way and we are joined by the lovely.  Lisa Rinna  everybody. And now with the news stars of Dancing With The Stars are gonna do this the fun way ala kind of celebrity ", "do it's a fun way and we are joined by the lovely. Lisa Rinna everybody. And now -- with the news stars of Dancing With The Stars are gonna do this the fun way ala kind ", "lot to talk about a chill to me about table. Right now let's hope innocent and honestly I don't I have. All right  Lisa Rinna  and Harry Hamlin they're trying to have a in for another but they say yes and Lisa and Harry have have just two daughters ", "-- -- innocent -- and honestly I don't I have. All right Lisa Rinna and Harry Hamlin they're trying to have a -- in for another but they say yes and Lisa and Harry have -- "]