['available at Fred Segal later this week for $25. "The nail polish currently has a 576-person waiting list," a representative for the brand said. Celebrities Kelly Clarkson,  Liv Tyler  and Megan Fox have all worn Azature\'s designs.', "accentuating her voluptous bustline. Earlier this year,  Liv Tyler  wore a similar Stella McCartney in electric blue with sell a knock-off version that's thousands cheaper.  Liv Tyler , left, and Kate Winslet, right, in Stella McCartney ", 'personality." The "look" has been around since the 1960s television show, "Star Trek," and has also been made famous by  Liv Tyler \'s elfin look in "Lord of the Rings." They\'ve also made for some good comedy in HBO\'s, "Bored to Death." Some ', 'high-profile gathering. "Walk up and down Main Street where most shops and restaurants are located, and you\'ll bump into  Liv Tyler  or see Demi Moore and Ashton Kutcher walking out of Silver restaurant ," Garcia says. "Head to one of the (ski) resorts ', "Coach carryalls are de rigour -- during the day. By night, many starlets, like Natalie Portman , Rachel Bilson and  Liv Tyler , pare down to the essentials and pack 'em away in a clutch or small satchel. (Party hopping with eight pounds of baggage ", 'Christina Hendricks, Blake Lively, Laura Linney, Rutina Wesley: Eye-Riveting Beauty Parts', 'includes in its top ten sexiest lips list the actresses Anne Hathaway, Jennifer Garner, Eva Mendes, Scarlett Johansson ,  Liv Tyler , Rosario Dawson and Jessica Alba. Although those Burger King commercials from a couple of decades ago heralded the adage ', "Celebrity Spa Owner Gabriela Perez Accused of Stealing From A-List Clients' Credit Cards", 'Jennifer Aniston, Cher, Anne Hathaway and Melanie Griffith among the alleged victims. Federal prosecutors say actress  Liv Tyler  was allegedly hit the hardest with $214,000 in fraudulent charges appearing on her credit card in a five-month period ', "seven people who maybe, possibly, in another time and place, could dream of replacing Tyler as Aerosmith's frontman.  Liv Tyler  Joe Perry could keep it in the family. Steven Tyler's 32-year-old daughter Liv may not bear lips as big as her ", "eight people who maybe, possibly, in another universe, could dream of replacing Tyler as Aerosmith's frontman.  Liv Tyler  Perry could keep it in the family. Steven Tyler's 32-year-old daughter Liv may not bear lips as big as her father's ", 'ex\'s include Todd Rundgren, Mick Jagger and Aerosmith\'s Steven Tyler, who is the father of her daughter, actress  Liv Tyler . "Steven gave me a beautiful daughter," Buell said. "Todd introduced me to the world I always dreamed of being a ', "during a child's meltdown , and when is it best to keep your concern to yourself and mind your own business? Actress  Liv Tyler  reportedly faced this very dilemma recently when she witnessed another woman scolding a screaming toddler, according ", "according to. Page six for a couple of months he's an art dealer but. He loves he loves the cougar he's been linked to  Liv Tyler  his 35 and Elle MacPherson has a good 23 years older him as well okay. has good you know I liked and well he likes them ", "dealer but. He loves he loves the cougar he's been linked to Liv Tyler his 35 and Elle MacPherson has a good 23 years older -- him as well okay. -- -- has good -- you ", "allegedly hit the hardest actress  Liv Tyler . Federal prosecutors say 2141000 here share and Anne Hathaway and  Liv Tyler  Melanie Griffith and and spending markedly For me you know with the  Liv Tyler 's case it was like 2141000. Dollars ", 'unauthorized charges on credit cards. The celebrity allegedly hit the hardest actress Liv Tyler . Federal prosecutors say 2141000. Dollars in fraudulent charges were made to her credit cards. Over a five month period last year. I ', "there's a really big stars here -- share and Anne Hathaway and Liv Tyler -- Melanie Griffith and -- and spending isn't really a Lester is is it possible we might actually see them parade and ", "things Catherine and I markedly -- For me you know with the Liv Tyler's case -- -- it was like 2141000. Dollars in fraudulent charges. I can only hope that in my life to put all ", "people online interested in getting pointy ears but once it's done it's tough to turn back. It's one thing for  Liv Tyler  to look like this a half elf in The Lord of the Rings child. Elephant ears have even made for some good comedy in HBO's ", "once it's done it's tough to turn back. It's one thing for Liv Tyler to look like this -- a half elf in The Lord of the Rings child. Elephant ears have even made for some ", 'Alexander absolute. They which has kind of interesting server and obviously had a very busy weekend for next we have  Liv Tyler  believe. And she is changing policy and that we have Lucy live I love the beautiful yellow feathers rumored that. Designer ', 'server and obviously had a very busy weekend for next we have Liv Tyler -- believe. And she is changing policy and that we have Lucy live I love the beautiful yellow feathers -- -- rumored ', 'is. It has been some buzz about  Liv Tyler  she was photographed fighting with abcnews.com. On the article about  Liv Tyler  welcome anonymous mom. Ignoring anonymously what your reaction to the  Liv Tyler . I diet I that He did a wonderful ', "critics of the people's parenting is. It has been some buzz about Liv Tyler she was photographed fighting with a woman that was allegedly shouting and hitting a young child. Running well what's your reaction to ", '-- speaking of confessions. She commented on abcnews.com. On the article about Liv Tyler welcome anonymous mom. Ignoring me you know the regular feature of our show where you get sick dish anonymously what your reaction to the Liv Tyler . I diet I that He did a wonderful cat I was very impressed. That He many people get out and and you ', "Even crush you ex. Let me make US appointment any thicker and you'll be able to find it. Self Magazine has sexy  Liv Tyler  on the cover but they're both the back page to Kim could the actor says just like her character Samantha Jones she knows ", "thicker and you'll be able to find it. Self Magazine has sexy Liv Tyler on the cover but they're both the back page to Kim could -- the actor says just like her character Samantha Jones ", "believe him when He speaks the sort of scientific gobbledygook. That these movies always have and said the same can go for  Liv Tyler . She plays Betty Ross Bruce's girlfriend. The military which is led by William Hurt and once the as a weapon its concern ", "That these movies always have and said the same can go for Liv Tyler . She plays Betty Ross Bruce's girlfriend. The military which is led by William Hurt and once the -- as a weapon its "]