['Spotted Around Town: Victoria Beckham Celebrates Her Birthday, Neil Patrick Harris Has Drinks With Friends-And More!', 'the Secret Service. He twice found himself onstage at the Oscars, he says, once singing the final number alongside  Liza Minnelli . "I did it two years in a row, in 1972 and 1973," Karger said in a recent phone interview. "I just kind of blended ', 'in the original "Star Wars" trilogy. Singer-actress Judy Garland is the mother of multi-talented entertainer  Liza Minnelli . Actress Rosemary Clooney is the mother of actor Miguel Ferrer, who appeared in "Crossing Jordan" and "Twin Peaks ', 'Images) Garland was married five times. She had three children, including singer-actress  Liza Minnelli . Judy Garland, right, and daughter  Liza Minnelli  sing a duet on "The Judy Garland Show" in Los Angeles, July 16, 1963. (CBS Photo Archive ', "Images) Garland was married five times. She had three children, including singer-actress  Liza Minnelli . Judy Garland, right, and daughter,  Liza Minnelli , sing a duet on 'The Judy Garland Show,'in Los Angeles, Calif., July 16, 1963 ", "O'Neal ? 1971 Tatum O'Neal ? 1986 Muhammad Ali ? Undated Edward Kennedy ? 1979 Tina Turner ? 1974 Truman Capote ? 1977  Liza Minnelli  ? 1977 John Lennon ? 1971 Yoko Ono ? 1971 Dolly Parton ? 1985 Dorothy Hamill ?1977 Kareem Abdul-Jabbar ? 1978 Joan ", "treatment, which states that addiction is a lifelong disease and abstinence, via AA's 12-step program, is the ideal route to a drug and alcohol-free life. Famous clientele:  Liza Minnelli , Steven Tyler and beauty queen Tara Conner", 'Jay-Z summed up the meeting of hip-hop culture with "high society" New York by giving a special shout out to  Liza Minnelli , who cheered for the rapper alongside his teen and 20-something die hard fans.', 'Davis, James Cagney, Cary Grant, Kirk Douglas, Richard Burton, Grace Kelly, Elizabeth Taylor, Patricia Neal,  Liza Minnelli , Dudley Moore, James Garner and Sharon Stone. Thirty-nine Oscar nominees (9.5 percent) had heart attacks and ', 'partner, Steve Rubell, opened the legendary Studio 54, a high-profile haunt for such regulars as Andy Warhol,  Liza Minnelli , Debbie Harry and Mick and Bianca Jagger. In 1984, he and Rubell redefined chic, urban hotel style with the game-changing ', 'about one of the most successful comedians of all time.  Liza Minnelli , 2010. Sometimes the most entertaining moments of seemed to be what happened when screen and stage legend  Liza Minnelli  burst into song on "Larry King Live" in October ', 'about one of the most successful comedians of all time.  Liza Minnelli , 2010. Sometimes the most entertaining moments of seemed to be what happened when screen and stage legend  Liza Minnelli  burst into song on "Larry King Live" in October ', 'about one of the most successful comedians of all time.  Liza Minnelli , 2010. Sometimes the most entertaining moments of seemed to be what happened when screen and stage legend  Liza Minnelli  burst into song on "Larry King Live" in October ', 'The singer talks about her new albums, " Liza Minnelli  Live at the Winter Garden."', "trash is somebody is there true Broadway legend somebody perhaps with a new album somebody straps and an album called  Liza Minnelli . Okay. Yeah. Do you know. bet that bugs him. We know. Middletown. Yeah. Okay. Okay. And I didn't come from ", 'somebody perhaps with a new album somebody straps and an album called Liza Minnelli . Okay. -- -- -- Yeah. -- ', 'Minnelli has been famous since the day she was born her parents Hollywood royalty. In fact in 1948 she appeared when she was only a toddler in one of their movies Easter parade. Julie in her mother starred in Vincent Minnelli her father directed. Before long she became a star in her own right has', "let me very quickly we have a piano and store become. Is. today live very for a special guest dog the legendary  Liza .  Minnelli  won't you. Eastern 1 PM. Your but how well again good afternoon. That I had let's get back downstairs and out ", "-- today -- live very for a special guest dog the legendary Liza . Minnelli won't you. Eastern 1 PM. Your but how well again good afternoon. That I had let's get back downstairs and out today. "]