['present were Edie Falco, Joe Pantoliano and Aida Turturro, who were among the first to arrive. Jamie-Lynn Sigler,  Lorraine Bracco , Michael Imperioli, Vincent Pastore, Tony Sirico and Steve Buscemi attended, as well as "Sopranos" creator David ', 'celebrities from Mia Farrow to Robin Williams and Samuel L. Jackson to his "Sopranos" co-stars, one of whom,  Lorraine Bracco , described herself as, "utterly heartbroken." Learn More About the Life and Career of James Gandolfini In a statement ', "demons in his mind were battled from an armchair in a psychiatrist's office. Scenes with Dr. Melfi, played by  Lorraine Bracco , cast light into the troubled psyche of a mafia madman. Christopher's Troubles Tony's cousin fell apart after ", 'slow horses, women, drugs and rock n\' roll." Hill\'s Love Life After Hill and his wife Karen, portrayed by  Lorraine Bracco  in "Goodfellas," were booted from witness protection, they soon divorced. Hill relocated to Malibu and began ', 'indulging in white truffle-sprinkled lobster in Las Vegas, according to People Magazine. "The Sopranos" star  Lorraine Bracco  has also been known to be a huge truffle fan. "It\'s a delicacy," Bracco told ABCNEWS.com. "Some people really ', 'and Sandra Oh all received nods, in addition to Rachel Griffiths for "Brothers & Sisters," and Aida Turturro and  Lorraine Bracco  for "The Sopranos." To see who will walk away with this year\'s Emmy, you\'ll have to wait until the show\'s ', 'accurate portrayal of the doctor-patient relationship, were outraged not only by the actions of Dr. Jennifer Melfi ( Lorraine Bracco ), but also by those of her own therapist and confidant, Dr. Elliot Kupferberg (Peter Bogdanovich). Kupferberg ', 'I sat down with Carmela, Meadow and Dr. Melfi -- or more specifically, Edie Falco, Jamie-Lynn Sigler and  Lorraine Bracco . I had coffee. As for them? Well they had to listen to my questions. As the show wraps up its sixth and final ', 'celebrities have established their own labels, from singer Bob Dylan to race-car driver Mario Andretti to actress  Lorraine Bracco . Bracco\'s label is one of the newest, and it\'s getting a lot of attention. The "Sopranos" star selects her ', 'may have all the answers when she\'s counseling Tony Soprano on the hit HBO series "The Sopranos," but actress  Lorraine Bracco  admits she was actually depressed when she debuted in the role of the tough-talking therapist. Watch Deborah Roberts ', 'of greens, I had visions of Kermit the Frog. Mariska Hargitay wore it loud and proud. So did Allison Janney and  Lorraine Bracco . I thought I had pink eye for a sec looking at Barbra Streisand in all pink from dress to cloak and matching diamonds ', "there's no real change there. The crime boss has an ever-increasing obsession with his shrink, Dr. Melfi ( Lorraine Bracco ). This season, he starts acting like a silly schoolboy with a crush, but he might as well be wearing a backpack ", "Tony's complexity intrigues the mental health community. The American Psychoanalytic Association even honored  Lorraine Bracco , along with two of the show's writers, for Melfi's portrayal. In an earlier book, Psychiatry in the Cinema "]