["might put jacket that area you know the huge fan of the  Lynda Carter . There's so there's a part of me that's why you comics is bracing for some backlash. You don't look  Lynda Carter  who that gravity defying else did so well he thinks ", "jacket -- that area you know -- the huge fan of the Lynda Carter . There's so there's a part of me that's why -- you really want to cover up her legs and things like that. DC comics is bracing for some backlash. You don't look Lynda Carter who -- that gravity defying else did so well he thinks the new look -- No Wonder Woman has the mind of ", "might put jacket that area you know the huge fan of the  Lynda Carter . There's so there's a part of me that's why you comics is bracing for some backlash. You don't look  Lynda Carter  who that gravity defying else did so well he thinks ", "jacket -- that area you know -- the huge fan of the Lynda Carter . There's so there's a part of me that's why -- you really want to cover up her legs and things like that. DC comics is bracing for some backlash. You don't look Lynda Carter who -- that gravity defying else did so well he thinks the new look -- No Wonder Woman has the mind of ", "that's really want to cover up her legs and things like that DC comics is bracing for some backlash. You don't look  Lynda Carter  who that gravity defying else did so well he thinks the new look No Wonder Woman has mind of her and and I think she ", "like that DC comics is bracing for some backlash. You don't look Lynda Carter who -- that gravity defying else did so well he thinks the new look -- No Wonder Woman has -- mind of ", "part of me that's you really want cover up her legs and things like that. DC comics is bracing for some backlash.  Lynda Carter  who that gravity defying else did so well he thinks the new look work. No Wonder Woman has the mind of her around and ", 'things like that. DC comics is bracing for some backlash. -- -- Lynda Carter who -- that gravity defying else did so well he thinks the new look work. No Wonder Woman has the mind of ', "that's you really want cover up her legs and things like that DC comics is bracing for some backlash. You don't look  Lynda Carter  who that gravity defying else did so well he thinks the new look No Wonder Woman has the mind of her own and I think ", "like that DC comics is bracing for some backlash. You don't look Lynda Carter who -- that gravity defying else did so well he thinks the new look -- No Wonder Woman has the mind of ", 'comics and Warner Bros. basically expressing her interests in future superhero roles on the big screen. Keep in mind  Lynda Carter  who played the role it never went movies so this could be sort of a huge come back in a huge remake and of course the ', 'interests in future superhero roles on the big screen. Keep in mind Lynda Carter who played the role it never went movies so this could be sort of a huge come back in a huge remake ', 'line and it feels that the Chicago based designer shows  Lynda Carter  another beauty of Mexican descent to this as. Our look for my style icon  Lynda Carter . Yeah. To be put on we all love Linda Carter just ', 'sophisticated -- line and it feels that the Chicago based designer shows Lynda Carter another beauty of Mexican descent to this as. Our look for -- my style icon Lynda Carter . Yeah. To be put on -- we all love Linda Carter just. So I wanted again still with a very fitted look ', 'And stunt people do have to act after all they play actors playing other people or sometimes super people. Playing  Lynda Carter  in Wonder Woman had to re learn some basic skills. I watched her run she just runs differently her arms kind of flare ', 'all they play actors playing other people or sometimes super people. Playing Lynda Carter in Wonder Woman -- had to re learn some basic skills. I watched her run she just runs differently her arms kind ']