["Detroit the 'poster child' for deindustrialization in America - Video on NBCNews.com", "A Meet the Press roundtable looks at statistics fueling the city of Detroit's economy.", 'This content comes from Closed Captioning that was broadcast along with this program.', 'drop dead." here are some of the facts about the auto bailout and about the current debt ', " billion dollars that flowed to the auto companies when they needed help. now you've got a total debt in ", ' of $18 billion. is there not some money that should be available even from that initial bailout to the auto companies to help the city?', ". what i want to speak to is a solution, an idea of being a partner in solving problems. tangible things we're doing. this isn't about just writing checks. this is about improving ", ", the city and the state working together is blight removal. we're going to be starting to implement $100 million program to remove some of those 78,000 blighted structures in ", ". that's one of the positive steps. so we don't need to wait for all of bankruptcy to end. we're moving now to improving ", "governor, we'll be watching. thank you very much for your time here with us today. as i'm going to make my way over to our roundtable, we will hear from, among others, the former ", ' go bankrupt. i bet on american workers and american ingenuity and three years later, that bet is paying off in a big way.', "right. and that's a really important distinction because people are assuming that when he said we're not going to let ", ", there were three -- almost 300,000 automotive or manufacturing jobs in the city. 300,000. today, it's 27,000. that's a 90% decline in good-paying manufacturing jobs. so the real question is, not just about tearing down blight. it's what are we going to do as a nation to create good-paying, middle-class jobs in a country that has a policy of being completely hands off with the economy. we have to have a manufacturing policy, an ", ' policy, and give the ability for states to develop clusters that will help them compete.', "some of the criticism, governor, from conservatives who say, look, you've had 50 years of democratic rule in the ", ', but in other cities who are pursuing pensions and retirement policies that are completely unsustainable. and that there has been some level of denial. even you, in ', " ever really recover in your honest opinion? you said absolutely. we have great bones in the city and as a state, we have more engineers in this region than in all the other states plus canada and mexico combined. we're in a tough period because we have an auto crisis and a ", " so we're hit harder than any other state in the country. today you're saying it's much bigger than the ", ' does have great bones, but what we need is a strategy nationally, like other countries have, to keep and create good-paying, middle-class jobs here. and we need a congress that would support that strategy. let me just quickly say, david, you talked about the pensions. cities across the couldnntry have $2 million of unfended pensions. this is not just ', '. there are 50,000 communities across the country that have lost factories since the year ', ' for a very long time. this turned into a machine political town, if you followed that. in my 25 years of following politics, you know, it was a city -- and i remember the first ', ", sort of when they replaced in the coal man young era, it was that first attempt. and there was a lot of cities that did that. you saw here in washington, d.c., and you saw these attempts. you know, one mayor couldn't change things because you had 30 years of cronyism. it was a machine.", "but if i told you -- i'm sorry, if i told you that a city on the border of america's largest trading partner couldn't figure out how to diversify its economy, you have to sit there and say it was not just poor ", ' -- and what the governor has mentioned, and other communities and other urban cities is the result also of ', ' at the national level when it comes to trade, when it comes to the fair investment and manufacturing to watch all of our jobs go abroad and not have a response. the second thing that grates many, many people is that we could bail out the automobile companies at a very hefty price. we could bail out the banks at a very hefty price. but when it comes to urban communities, where the poor are, when it comes to the deteriorating construction of urban communities, we have excuses. we have an effort to simply say, well, the problems are in ', ". get your government straight, and then we'll help you. what i hope this means is that there's going to be a renewed interest in american urban communities. and for the ", " to recognize we need a concerted effort if we're going to compete with china and india to bring back good-paying jobs."]