['2010. "Nashville" premieres Wednesday, Oct. 10 at 10/9c on ABC. Elementary No introductions are necessary for  Lucy Liu , who is set to star in CBS\' new drama "Elementary." Liu stars as Dr. Joan Watson, a once-powerful surgeon who ', 'violence in Yugoslavia. Famous Birthdays 1924 Alexander Haig 1939 Harry Reid 1946 Gianni Versace 1963 Ann Patchett 1968  Lucy Liu  1981 Britney Spears Jump back to Dec. 1: Day in History . View more videos from This Month in History: December .', 'robots a reality. In some cases, their inspiration comes from the strangest sources. Take, for example, lampreys and  Lucy Liu . Jimmy Or, a research professor at the Korea Advanced Institute of Science and Technology, got interested in humanlike ', "shifting to its regular slot Wednesday at 10. This time, the focus shifts from the boudoir to the boardroom. Mia Mason ( Lucy Liu ) is a publishing whiz with a shaky personal life, Zoe Burden (Frances O'Connor) is an investment banker with two ", 'Lange, Eva Saint Marie, Ed Norton, Greg Kinnear, Steve Carell, Forest Whitaker, Ben Kingsley, Morgan Freeman,  Lucy Liu  and Tim Robbins. Mind you the films may be written, directed and produced outside the Hollywood system, but it must ', "anonymous who's going up against actresses who have been in the business 20 years more than me -- like Sandra Oh, like  Lucy Liu , who's been around a while now, like Ming-Na Wen -- actresses who have been around in the business much longer ", 'take the chance your character will meet a blood-soaked end that\'ll frighten the most hardened movie-goer. But  Lucy Liu  says she\'s ready. "I understand Quentin Tarantino\'s mentality and his creative being," Liu told Good Morning America ', "deserve. In the first of her three makeovers, Delaney gave 31-year-old Cloo Jacobs a very feminine look inspired by  Lucy Liu 's character, Angel Alex Munday. Jacobs was dressed in a Diane Von Furstenberg pink and while floral skirt ($198 ", 'mechanical yak a reference to Urban Cowboy, just one of a dozen hysterical movie references made as Diaz, Drew Barrymore and  Lucy Liu  return for some celestial sisterhood and bad-guy butt-kicking. Full Throttle was directed by McG, who also directed ', 'Charlie\'s Angels, a 2000 hit movie version of the popular 1970s show that had Barrymore and her co-stars Cameron Diaz and  Lucy Liu  playing "angels," who used martial arts moves to battle the movie\'s bad guys. In the sequel, Demi Moore who has ', '(ABCNEWS.com) Charlie\'s Angels star  Lucy Liu  says she went into "shell shock" when a doctor told her 10 years ago that she had a lump in her breast. The actress, who is ', 'Sex and the City fans are going to be looking out because there is this new great fab four stylish New York City the hitting the small screen as you heard Sam say. Kashmir mafia from where I come from Lucy stars as one of this group of Manhattan women. everything from the killer jobs to the killer', "allison williams. And there's jennifer lawrence. And  lucy liu  also rocked braids. Can real woman pull off these looks for hair, the laidest updo involves a lot of twists.  Lucy liu  had a great side braid. We're going to be seeing a lot ", "There she was. That was allison williams. And there's jennifer lawrence. And lucy liu also rocked braids. Can real woman pull off these looks? Juju chang put the looks to the test. Reporter: The red carpet ", "Reporter: As for hair, the laidest updo involves a lot of twists. Lucy liu had a great side braid. We're going to be seeing a lot more of it. We saw it on the runways last ", 'is called "secret of the wings." It tells the story of how periwinkle and tinkerbell finally meet. It\'s voiced by  lucy liu , and angelica houston. And they sent a fairy version of me. Looks just like you. That\'s a photo. Thank you. I ', "the story of how periwinkle and tinkerbell finally meet. It's voiced by lucy liu , and angelica houston. And they sent a fairy version of me. Looks just like you. That's a photo. Thank you. I don't "]