['Ryan said, she loves making people laugh and any episode of "Jessie" shows her comedic timing, which rivals that of  Lucille Ball , one of her idols. She also has the red hair to go with it. "I would love to have the career of an Emma Stone ', 'vault at the Pickford Center in Hollywood, the broadcast features recently unearthed early film of Hollywood legend  Lucille Ball ; unique behind-the-scenes footage of Marilyn Monroe shot during the filming of "The Misfits," "Bus Stop ', 'reached by ABC News. The next two items to be posted, according to the user, will be drawings of Frank Sinatra and  Lucille Ball . Arias, 32, has admitted to killing former beau Travis Alexander in his home in 2008, claiming it was an act of ', 'series. In a statement, Electus chairman Ben Silverman called Simpson a "modern-day Lucy," presumably referring to  Lucille Ball . RELATED: Jessica Simpson Flaunts Her Figure in Hawaii "We are thrilled to team up with the multi-talented Jessica ', "award. Some past winners include Led Zepplin, Oprah Winfrey, Stephen Spielberg, B.B. King, David Letterman and  Lucille Ball . (Maybe a bad time to mention Desi Arnaz didn't make the list?) But it's not just Latinos that seem to be a ", 'all like to laugh and these shows still make us laugh today." During a rare interview in 1977, "I Love Lucy" star  Lucille Ball  told Barbara Walters that she didn\'t think she was funny. In a recent interview with Barbara Walters, Ball\'s now-adult ', 'Lucie Arnaz and Desi Arnaz Jr. -- the children of  Lucille Ball  and Desi Arnaz -- had their time in the limelight too appeared on the sitcom, "Here\'s Lucy," starring  Lucille Ball , which ran from 1968 to 1974. Playing Dad Desi Arnaz ', 'Lucille Ball  and Desi Arnaz were beloved the world Thibodeaux - aired on the same day that  Lucille Ball  had a Caesarian section to deliver Desi was all on purpose, Arnaz Jr. says.  Lucille Ball  and Desi Arnaz appeared in a 1954 March ', "The Bain Capital hits began and so did the rivalry between the two when Romney compared Gingrich's campaign to  Lucille Ball  in a chocolate factory. In an already-planned stop the day after the comment, Gingrich actually visited a chocolate ", "after Mitt Romney compared Newt Gingrich's campaign to  Lucille Ball 's zany efforts in a chocolate factory, Gingrich went Gingrich misstep Tuesday, saying, 'It's more like  Lucille Ball  at the chocolate factory. I mean, you know, you got ", "on public funding for PBS. Gingrich Goes to Chocolate Factory : A day after Romney compared Gingrich's campaign to  Lucille Ball 's zany efforts in a chocolate factory, Gingrich went to an Iowa chocolate factory today to challenge Romney on what ", 'after Mitt Romney compared Newt Gingrich\'s campaign to  Lucille Ball \'s zany efforts in a chocolate factory, Gingrich went Gingrich misstep Tuesday, saying, "It\'s more like  Lucille Ball  at the chocolate factory. I mean, you know, you got ', 'infamous "I Love Lucy" chocolate factory scene. "I think he compared that to Pearl Harbor. I think it\'s more like  Lucille Ball  and the chocolate factory," Romney said of Gingrich at a campaign event in Portsmouth. "He needs to get his act ', "be last fall on Saturday Night Live. They leaving you with yet it is getting. Being ridiculously funny too. Like  Lucille Ball  funny. Frankly that's called for not taking yourself too seriously the thing is Hathaway is now so scrutinized for ", "you with -- yet it is getting. Being ridiculously funny too. Like Lucille Ball funny. Frankly that's called for not taking yourself too seriously the thing is Hathaway is now so scrutinized for in sincerity her ", "Isn't it amazing to think that  Lucille Ball  and her husband as Leon has created posters walls and he used to.  Lucille ball 's daughter Lisa yeah earnings lettuce and definitely people Lucy  Lucille Ball . This new dvd extent she is since ", "-- -- is. I loved Lucy. Isn't it amazing to think that Lucille Ball and her husband as Leon has created this show of his sixty years ago. But it is still running and -- is ", "recognized and none -- -- and posters walls and he used to. Lucille ball's daughter Lisa yeah earnings the week. Lucio -- enjoyed a long career on Broadway and in the movies. -- -- 62 years ", 'life. The mother of my children lettuce and definitely people -- Lucy Lucille Ball . This -- new dvd extent she is -- since introducing the cats. I Love -- -- about the real -- someone missing ', "are you unpoopular? This contains vitamins and meat and vegetables and vinerals. You have said that you said i,  lucille ball , I don't think funny. I don't think funny. I can do funny things that others write down in detail if they tell ", "meat and vegetables and vinerals. You have said that you said i, lucille ball , I don't think funny. I don't think funny. I can do funny things that others write down in detail if they tell ", "is. I Love Lucy. Isn't it amazing to think that  Lucille Ball  and her husband honest created this shell of his sixty Recognizing to Mollison posters Wallace and he used to.  Lucille ball 's daughter Melissa knows the week. has enjoyed a ", "no winner is. I Love Lucy. Isn't it amazing to think that Lucille Ball and her husband -- honest created this shell of his sixty years ago. But it is still running and -- is still ", "-- Recognizing -- -- to Mollison posters Wallace and he used to. Lucille ball's daughter Melissa knows -- -- -- the week. -- has enjoyed a long career on Broadway and in the movies. -- 62 ", "Well I'm not really sure Michigan Minnesota on business small salon. So should we should know.  Lucille Ball  did yeah here. twice as long as long period. We'll the elderly group. we're to be it. Should be. That. Should be. The ", "salon. So should we should know. -- -- -- -- -- -- Lucille Ball did yeah -- -- here. -- twice as long as long period. We'll -- the elderly group. -- we're -- to be ", "This, as ricki ricardo would say, sofia vergara has a lot of explaining to do. She has transformed herself into  lucille ball . She dressed like lucy, to every last detail. The one detail she left out is why she did it. We're wondering if ", "has a lot of explaining to do. She has transformed herself into lucille ball . She dressed like lucy, to every last detail. The one detail she left out is why she did it. We're wondering if ", "really funny. What I do well? Just you hopping. The hottest bathing suit. You're a beautiful girl. There's that  lucille ball  quality of you. We saw a picture you tweeted. Do you feel it in you? I wish. Oh, my god. That's horrible. I ", "you hopping. The hottest bathing suit. You're a beautiful girl. There's that lucille ball quality of you. We saw a picture you tweeted. Do you feel it in you? I wish. Oh, my god. That's horrible. "]