["66. Former Republican national chairman Marc Racicot (RAWS'-koh) is 65. Actor Michael Richards is 64. Actress  Lynda Carter  is 62. Movie director Gus Van Sant is 61. Country singer Pam Tillis is 56. Actor Paul Ben-Victor is 51. Actor Kadeem ", 'Gallagher is 67. Actor Robert Hays ("Airplane!") is 66. Actor Michael Richards ("Seinfeld") is 64. Actress  Lynda Carter  is 62. Director Gus Van Sant is 61. Country singer Pam Tillis is 56. Actor Kadeem Hardison is 48. Actress-singer ', 'Adrianne has the right dark hair/blue eyes look, and we have a feeling she can kick some serious butt. Plus,  Lynda Carter  agrees -- shortly after the casting announcement was made, she tweeted, "Congratulations Adrianne!" So what makes ', 'she was wearing the hot pants that would later make  Lynda Carter  famous. "When I draw Wonder Woman in her classic costume it looks normal to me, but when I see it on TV on  Lynda Carter  , I can\'t help but go, \'Oh my God, she\'s half ', "Oblivion's a Really Big Game and you probably blew two-thirds of your budget snagging Patrick Stewart and Sean Bean and  Lynda Carter , but stellar as the less-well-known acting talent is here, modulating accents and vocal timbres doesn't scrub out ", 'Twenty-two-year-old film star Amanda Bynes strutted, in Daniel Swarovski. But so did 57-year-old "Wonder Woman"  Lynda Carter , in Carolina Herrera. And, to great applause, ever-young actress Cicely Tyson, 75, resplendent in B. Michael ', 'through a movie lens. In 1931, for example, Greta Garbo cut a dangerous figure as a German spy in "Mata Hari." And  Lynda Carter \'s voluptuous body was accentuated in the red, gold and blue outfit she wore as Wonderwoman in the 1970s television ', 'man\'s business. In addition to the stunts, she also had to hone her acting skills. She said while sitting in for  Lynda Carter  as Wonder Woman, she had to re-learn some basic skills. "She just runs differently. Her arms kinda flail up a ', 'man\'s business. In addition to the stunts, she also had to hone her acting skills. She said while sitting in for  Lynda Carter  as Wonder Woman, she had to relearn some basic skills. "She just runs differently. Her arms kinda flail up a little ', 'Representatives and was eventually unseated by Newt Gingrich. The little "Dukes" dustup has former "Wonder Woman" star  Lynda Carter  chuckling. "Get a grip," says Carter, addressing Jones\' anger. Carter -- who joins Willie Nelson and Burt Reynolds ', "In the '70s, when action stars were all men, Wonder Woman was both beauty and brawn. Starring in the hit series,  Lynda Carter  gave television audiences something they had never seen before: an icon of a strong, empowered -- and sexy -- female ", 'the same time, cultural images of wonder women emerged, linking glamour to power. The stunning and scantily clad  Lynda Carter  lassoed bad guys with one hand and mastered the art of accessorizing with the other, as she deflected bullets with ', "only doing it since has been doing it too great rave review I want everybody just to stop before we even talk to you.  Lynda Carter  singing. And here. singer I couldn't and I I had my first. Paycheck at fourteen. As a singer as the singer in ", "I want everybody just to stop before we even talk to you. Lynda Carter singing. And here. -- -- -- -- -- -- singer I couldn't and I -- ", "might put jacket that area you know the huge fan of the  Lynda Carter . There's so there's a part of me that's why you comics is bracing for some backlash. You don't look  Lynda Carter  who that gravity defying else did so well he thinks ", "jacket -- that area you know -- the huge fan of the Lynda Carter . There's so there's a part of me that's why -- you really want to cover up her legs and things like that. DC comics is bracing for some backlash. You don't look Lynda Carter who -- that gravity defying else did so well he thinks the new look -- No Wonder Woman has the mind of ", "might put jacket that area you know the huge fan of the  Lynda Carter . There's so there's a part of me that's why you comics is bracing for some backlash. You don't look  Lynda Carter  who that gravity defying else did so well he thinks ", "jacket -- that area you know -- the huge fan of the Lynda Carter . There's so there's a part of me that's why -- you really want to cover up her legs and things like that. DC comics is bracing for some backlash. You don't look Lynda Carter who -- that gravity defying else did so well he thinks the new look -- No Wonder Woman has the mind of ", "that's really want to cover up her legs and things like that DC comics is bracing for some backlash. You don't look  Lynda Carter  who that gravity defying else did so well he thinks the new look No Wonder Woman has mind of her and and I think she ", "like that DC comics is bracing for some backlash. You don't look Lynda Carter who -- that gravity defying else did so well he thinks the new look -- No Wonder Woman has -- mind of ", "part of me that's you really want cover up her legs and things like that. DC comics is bracing for some backlash.  Lynda Carter  who that gravity defying else did so well he thinks the new look work. No Wonder Woman has the mind of her around and ", 'things like that. DC comics is bracing for some backlash. -- -- Lynda Carter who -- that gravity defying else did so well he thinks the new look work. No Wonder Woman has the mind of ', "that's you really want cover up her legs and things like that DC comics is bracing for some backlash. You don't look  Lynda Carter  who that gravity defying else did so well he thinks the new look No Wonder Woman has the mind of her own and I think ", "like that DC comics is bracing for some backlash. You don't look Lynda Carter who -- that gravity defying else did so well he thinks the new look -- No Wonder Woman has the mind of ", 'comics and Warner Bros. basically expressing her interests in future superhero roles on the big screen. Keep in mind  Lynda Carter  who played the role it never went movies so this could be sort of a huge come back in a huge remake and of course the ', 'interests in future superhero roles on the big screen. Keep in mind Lynda Carter who played the role it never went movies so this could be sort of a huge come back in a huge remake ']