['Daryl Hannah and 7 Other Celebs Arrested While Crusading for a Cause, 2 With Close Calls', 'actress joined the Occupy Wall Street protesters in New York City in September 2011, but was not arrested.  Lucy Lawless Lucy Lawless  lived up to her name when she was arrested on Feb. 27, 2012 with five Greenpeace activists in New Zealand ', 'touched off a crisis at the Fukushima Dai-ichi plant. XENA WARRIOR PRINCESS PLEADS GUILTY IN NEW ZEALAND Actress  Lucy Lawless  pleaded guilty to trespassing charges after she took part with an activist group in storming an oil drilling ship docked ', '65-year-old actress joined the Occupy Wall Street protesters last September in New York City, but was not arrested.  Lucy Lawless Lucy Lawless  lived up to her name when she was arrested on Feb. 27, 2012 with five Greenpeace activists in New Zealand ', 'scenes for "Fantastic Four," "The Dukes of Hazzard" and "The Skeleton Key." As Katrina was approaching, actress  Lucy Lawless  was in New Orleans filming "Vampire Bats," a TV movie. After riding out the storm in Baton Rouge, she\'s home ', 'tens of thousand of people watching. In one of the most notorious incidents, former "Xena: Warrior Princess" star  Lucy Lawless  performed the National Anthem at a 1997 Detroit Red Wings game wearing an ultratight bustier. When she spread her arms ', 'scenes for "Fantastic Four," "The Dukes of Hazzard" and "The Skeleton Key." As Katrina was approaching, actress  Lucy Lawless  was in New Orleans filming "Vampire Bats," a TV movie. After riding out the storm in Baton Rouge, she\'s home ', 'should think twice before entering a big stadium in skimpy couture. No one knows that better than former "Xena" star  Lucy Lawless , who sang the national anthem at a Detroit Red Wings game a few years ago in an ultra-tight bustier. When the Warrior ', "Brad Pitt's new movie. Warrior Princesses, Worrier Moms: Girls can be superheroes, too. In 1996 and 1997, when  Lucy Lawless  was TV's reigning action star, 567 girls were named after Xena, making it the 200th most popular name for girls ", "of the sports world's most inadvertent peep shows: 1. Warrior Princess Caught Without Breastplate In May 1997,  Lucy Lawless , raven-haired star of Xena: Warrior Princess, sang the national anthem at a Detroit Red Wings game in a ultra-tight ", 'Warrior Princess and those unhappy about the trickling away of talent from long-running sci-fi series The X-Files.  Lucy Lawless  who played the leather-skirted, sword-wielding icon Xena has signed on to appear on several episodes of The X-Files ', 'Warrior Princess and those unhappy about the trickling away of talent from long-running sci-fi series The X-Files.  Lucy Lawless  who played the leather-skirted, sword-wielding icon Xena has signed on to appear on several episodes of The X-Files ', 'Warrior Princess and those unhappy about the trickling away of talent from long-running sci-fi series The X-Files.  Lucy Lawless  who played the leather-skirted, sword-wielding icon Xena has signed on to appear on several episodes of The X-Files ', 'Warrior Princess and those unhappy about the trickling away of talent from long-running sci-fi series The X-Files.  Lucy Lawless  who played the leather-skirted, sword-wielding icon Xena has signed on to appear on several episodes of The X-Files ', "Spartacus star  Lucy Lawless  is against Arctic oil drilling and he's willing to go to jail for the Lawless and five other Greenpeace protesters were arrested ", "Spartacus star Lucy Lawless is against Arctic oil drilling and he's willing to go to jail for the -- Lawless and five other Greenpeace protesters were ", "anticipated series shot on location in New Zealand. Stars Andy Whitfield at the gladiator warrior hero Spartacus. And  Lucy Lawless  best known for her role in Xena warrior princess and thanks so much for joining us today I'm fantastic to have you ", "New Zealand. Stars Andy Whitfield at the gladiator warrior hero Spartacus. And Lucy Lawless best known for her role in Xena warrior princess and -- -- thanks so much for joining us today I'm fantastic to ", "everything from being. You know hot. To beat. And we're so happy to have the stars of Spartacus here with that's  Lucy Lawless  and William McEntire. We've thank you so much for being there lucky to be you've been with the series since day ", "we're so happy to have the stars of Spartacus here with that's Lucy Lawless and William McEntire. We've -- -- thank you so much for being there lucky to be -- -- you've been with the "]