['This still image taken from amateur footage posted on YouTube purportedly shows Luang Pu Nenkham (L) on a private jet.', '(CNN) -- To most of us, golden Aviator sunglasses, sleek wireless headphones, a Louis Vuitton bag and a private jet flight better suit the life of a Hollywood star than a holy Buddhist ascetic.', 'Yet Thailand\'s so-called "jet-set monk," 34-year old Luang Pu Nenkham, who claimed to be the reincarnation of a respected monk who lived several decades ago, is accused of ignoring his Buddhist vows of celibacy and a simple, moral living, as evidenced in video that showed up on youtube about two months ago. Thailand\'s Department of Special Investigation (DSI), a division of the Ministry of Justice, tells CNN it believes the video was shot by one of the monks on the plane, passed around and posted anonymously.', 'Thai authorities, in an investigation, uncovered a mind-boggling list of assets that they say a man sworn to austerity should not possess.', 'Nenkham, now stripped of his religious leadership, owned at least 83 automobiles and a list of properties that include plots of land, houses and condominiums, according to the DSI. Thai authorities believe more properties have yet to be accounted.', "Authorities also estimate at least 300 million baht, or nearly $10 million, have disappeared from Nenkham's bank accounts in recent days. Donations over the past decade, from poor supporters as well as rich backers, had helped Nenkham amass his total wealth, according to investigators.", 'On Wednesday, Thai authorities took action issuing a arrest warrant for the former holy man.', 'Nenkham, who also goes by the name Weerapol Sukpol, now faces charges of violating Thailand\'s computer crime act by posting "deceitful information," having sex with a minor and rape, authorities say. A female plaintiff who claimed Nenkham had sex with her when she was 14 years old submitted a request for a DNA test for her 11-year old son, says Tharit Pengdit, Director General of the Department of Special Investigation. They are still awaiting results. Nenkham\'s bank accounts also continue to be under investigation because of an unusually large amount of bank transactions, add Thai authorities.', 'Nenkham is now believed to be in the United States and in California, according to an "intelligent source," says DSI. The fugitive owns a Buddhist retreat some 75 miles south of Los Angeles.', 'We have been unable to reach Nenkham for comment. On Thursday, CNN went to where the monk is believed to be staying. While they offered no official statement, one resident monk said Nenkham had not been seen at the retreat in three months. A second monk said Nenkham had not visited for a year.', "As the manhunt for the fugitive monk gathers steam, Thailand's Department of Special Investigations tells CNN it has requested 114 financial institutions, land and transport departments to seize all of his assets. Thai authorities have also requested U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement to revoke Nenkham's visa, DSI's Pengdit told CNN, and will ask U.S. authorities to arrest and remand him into Thai custody.", 'Ramy Inocencio wrote this article in Hong Kong. Kocha Olarn reported from Bangkok.', 'This South Korean couple has spent many of the past 60 years believing the other was dead. In fact, he was held prisoner by the North. ', 'The world finally knows how to address the latest addition to the British royal family: HRH Prince George Alexander Louis of Cambridge.', 'Captured on tape: A train derailed and snapped in two as it hurtled around a curve in Spain, killing 80 people.', 'Sinkholes are devouring 20 million square meters of land on the northern Chinese plain, destroying homes and displacing families. ', 'Posters offering a reward for information about Nazis still living in Germany have been put up in three cities. ', "CNN's Ivan Watson is given rare access to the opening of a cemetery for war veterans in North Korea's capital. ", 'From laptops to cars, the products you take for granted are made using African minerals.', '"He\'s got her looks, thankfully," said Prince William. Check out the first photos of the long-awaited royal baby. ', 'George H.W. Bush shaves his head to support a two-year-old with leukemia whose father is part of the Secret Service.', "They've long been considered topics that aren't polite to discuss at the dinner table. And as it turns out, they're touchy on Wikipedia as well. "]