['A Meet the Press roundtable discusses the socioeconomic divides in Detroit and how it impacts the current complications for the city.', 'This content comes from Closed Captioning that was broadcast along with this program.', "listen, we've got two narratives. the one is deindustrialization. the other is institutional failure. deindustrialization didn't only happen in ", 'pittsburgh, really, probably the best parallel because they had economic diversity. they had education. and they did not have institutional failure. ', ", entrenched interests. they're together forever and forever. they get a culture of mediocrity, cronyism and collapse.", 'you think about major institutions, whether washington is broken, schools, cities. ', ', we discussed the book he\'s written called "the unwinding and inner history of the new ', '." and he writes this, in part. no one can say when the unwinding began, when the coil that held americans together in its secure and sometimes stifling grip first gave way. like any great change, the unwinding began countless times, countless ways and at some moment the country always the same country crossed a lane and became different. if you were born around ', ' or afterward, you would spend your adult life in the vertigo of that unwinding. you watched structures that had been in place before your birth collapse like pillars of salt across the vast visible landscape. you think a lot about this concept of whether this is american decline or if this is something much more temporary and narrow.', ", college-educated communities, you're not seeing decline. you've got family structures, rising incomes, you're doing fine. if you're in the less educated, whether you're african-american, latino, white, asian, you're seeing collapsing social skrurkts. 70% african-american kids born out of wedlock. so what you're seeing is this collapse of order on the bottom. if you're born into a certain ", " challenge because what's changed is the world in which we live. the world in which we live with new competitors all across the globe. and we're in the changing dem graph demographics of ", " divide. we've departed from that. and what i'm concerned is that we, in many, many polite circles, do not think that that ", "well, that's the whole point. is what is -- if we want congress to act on anything, it is on a strategy to keep and create middle-", ". you're right. but we are seeing the rich get richer and the poor get poorer and that large scope of poor, the group is getting larger. so how do we create, in a ", '? other countries are doing this. we have not. we can learn from germany. we think that because we are exceptional as a nation, that we ought not be borrowing ', ' from other countries. but in fact, the other countries have figured out how to crack the code, to create ', " jobs in their nation. why can't we? it's because we have gridlock in congress that refuses to have any hands on when it comes"]