["dark and tinged in a seductive neon red. But the movie's real saving grace can be summed up in three words:  Kristin Scott Thomas . You may know her as regal and graceful and British (or sometimes French), but here, she is American, garish ", "will be happy with the look and texture. But the movie's real saving grace can be summed up in three words:  Kristin Scott Thomas . You may know her as regal and graceful and British (or sometimes French), but here, she is American, garish ", 'marriage between Charles and Diana. It starred English actress Serena Scott Thomas, the younger sister of actress  Kristin Scott Thomas , who went on to appear in various television series and opposite Bruce Willis in "Hostage." Ironically, Thomas ', 'most enviable bodies in Hollywood. She\'s also starred in critically acclaimed fare like "Easy Virtue" with  Kristin Scott Thomas  and Colin Firth, and more commercial stuff like "New Year\'s Eve." And with wedding watch on for her and fiance ', "mid-1950s, explores the dynamic between the then 15-year-old Lennon and the two women in his life. One was Mimi ( Kristin Scott Thomas ), the strict, stiff-upper-lip woman who raised him. The other was Mimi's younger and free-spirited sister ", 'That was where she met Sarsgaard, who played Trigorin, the lover of Arkadina, who was brilliantly portrayed by  Kristin Scott Thomas  . Sarsgaard, because he did not want her to be disappointed, had warned Mulligan that "An Education" might not ', 'red carpet, pausing on the sidelines for interviews and autographs. Meanwhile, Sharon Stone, Meryl Streep,  Kristin Scott Thomas  and Penelope Cruz-ed up the runway, too busy pouting for small talk. "Slumdog Millionaire" picked up seven ', 'Actress  Kristin Scott Thomas  is trying to break free of the image audiences have of her. "People see me as this brittle aristocratic adulteress," Thomas ', 'brother of the guy who was married to Ashlee Simpson\'s sister\' won\'t be that much of a blemish on its rep."  Kristin Scott Thomas  Project: The Royal Court Theatre revival of Chekhov\'s classic "The Seagull", also a London transfer, earned ', "competition jury, which also included Foster's Silence of the Lambs director, Jonathan Demme; Jeremy Irons; and  Kristin Scott - Thomas . The Cannes festival runs from May 9-20. The remainder of the jury will be announced in late April.", "competition jury, which also included Foster's Silence of the Lambs director, Jonathan Demme; Jeremy Irons; and  Kristin Scott - Thomas . The Cannes festival runs from May 9-20. The remainder of the jury will be announced in late April.", "change linked. To Branson at the same table. If they're for different movies Merrill Streep for doubt of course  Kristin Scott Thomas  that's it that's the kind of classic and Golden Globe nominations and she was also very good Intel in the French ", "If they're -- for different movies Merrill Streep for doubt of course Kristin Scott Thomas that's it that's the kind of classic and Golden Globe nominations and she was also very good Intel -- in the French "]