['human rights people protected including right to assemble right to express themselves and we want to see reform. And so  Bob Crane  had started some reform and we wanna see them get back to that as quickly as possible what the United States do and will ', 'right to express themselves and we want to see reform. And so Bob Crane had started -- some reform and we wanna see them get back to that as quickly as possible what -- the United ', 'army relief helicopters. We saw every single bridge destroyed. On the ground villages now dependent on aid from the In  Bob Crane  population of 40000. Its once waterfront hotels now in the water. It has no power no clean water and no roads in all ', 'On the ground villages now dependent on aid from the -- In Bob Crane population of 40000. Its once waterfront hotels now in the water. It has no power no clean water and no roads in ', 'relief helicopters. We saw every single bridge destroyed. On the ground villages now dependent on aid from the year. In  Bob Crane  population of 40000. Its once waterfront hotels now in the water. It has no power no clean water and no roads in all ', 'On the ground villages now dependent on aid from the year. In Bob Crane population of 40000. Its once waterfront hotels now in the water. It has no power no clean water and no roads in ', 'every single bridge destroyed. And on the ground villages whose only tied to the outside world is now by helicopter.  Bob Crane  population 40000. Has no power no clean water and no roads in or During the height of the the waters came almost as tired ', 'villages whose only tied to the outside world is now by helicopter. Bob Crane population 40000. Has no power no clean water and no roads in or -- During the height of the -- the waters ', 'that every single it destroyed. And on the ground villages whose only tied to the outside world is now by helicopter.  Bob Crane  population 40000. Has no power no clean water and no roads in or out. During the height of the flooding the orders came ', 'villages whose only tied to the outside world is now by helicopter. Bob Crane population 40000. Has no power no clean water and no roads in or out. During the height of the flooding the orders ']