['Now, to  kristin chenoweth . Tough news for the talented actress, when she suffered a head to work on her recovery. Nick watt has the story. Reporter:  Kristin chenoweth  wasee td up for the role in "the good wife. Bts but while filming ', 'Now, to kristin chenoweth . Tough news for the talented actress, when she suffered a head injury on the set of "the good wife," when she was hit by equipment. Now, she\'s had to stop filming to work on her recovery. Nick watt has the story. Reporter: Kristin chenoweth wasee td up for the role in "the good wife. Bts but while filming last month, she was knocked out cold. Struck ', 'word popped into my head, hooves. Reporter: Depp, the latest a-lister to be knocked off his feet. Last year,  kristin chenoweth  told michael and kelly, how she suffered a skull fracture on the set of "the good wife." Knocked me in the face ', 'Depp, the latest a-lister to be knocked off his feet. Last year, kristin chenoweth told michael and kelly, how she suffered a skull fracture on the set of "the good wife." Knocked me in the face. ', "Kristen Chenoweth gets back to basics with her new album is called some lessons learned and it's a country collection and it comes out Tuesday. Check out the first single called I want somebody. Some Mac team. panel on key. And land around and win. I don't love it and gets only managed to squeeze", 'Actress  Kristin Chenoweth  was rushed to a New York hospital after she was struck in the head by lighting equipment set of the TV drama the good wife. These ', 'Actress Kristin Chenoweth was rushed to a New York hospital after she was struck in the head by lighting equipment -- -- set of the ', "Your April wrote Eric currently it's phenomenal she's an effort cheaper she's issue one that she's gonna get it. But that's part written for him. At patent With. It at that. Analysts one at not well. Me. I. Your cheerleader and but where you Really me island domino. I was cheerleader. And a highway", 'You were raised a southern Baptist but you refer to yourself as a non judgmental Christian act well here you are in the middle of a show GCB good Christian belt. How that about Korea to Let at eleven at the channel is what Atlanta about being Christian science you know we have we cannot That in the', 'to make their eyes pop. But can they be dangerous? It works like I have ripped on my eyelids. Reporter: When  kristin chenoweth  tried out the popular trend she had a different reaction. An allergic one. Can you see? Reporter: Eyelash extensions ', 'dangerous? It works like I have ripped on my eyelids. Reporter: When kristin chenoweth tried out the popular trend she had a different reaction. An allergic one. Can you see? Reporter: Eyelash extensions are typically made ', "coordinate. We're going to be coordinated today. I love it. We've seen on the show, michael, you have picked up  kristin chenoweth  and kelly. Will you do that with our girl, robin? Why not? Don't get any ideas. I think I will. No, no ", "love it. We've seen on the show, michael, you have picked up kristin chenoweth and kelly. Will you do that with our girl, robin? Why not? Don't get any ideas. I think I will. No, no, ", 'what a difference a year makes. Great to see you out there on the red carpet. Great comfort to look over and you.  Kristin chenoweth  did great job, jess cagle. Psychologically, it was great to be back. Must have been great to get the greetings ', 'there on the red carpet. Great comfort to look over and you. Kristin chenoweth did great job, jess cagle. Psychologically, it was great to be back. Must have been great to get the greetings. Everyone is ', "show great great ball that's right and on the red carpet show yeah. Yes let me that is 11 eastern four compounded  Kristin Chenoweth  and Jess Cagle right. Com. We get we get it death. How can thank you for working that out banks and whatever whatever ", 'show yeah. Yes let me that is 11 eastern four -- compounded Kristin Chenoweth and Jess Cagle right. Com. We get we get it -- -- -- death. How can thank you for working that out ', "friend, jess cagle. Number two, this is great.  Kristin chenoweth , as well. And number three, look to your right She will be on the red carpet with lara, jess and  kristin chenoweth . What a great show. That's great. Congratulations ", '-- very good. Our friend, jess cagle. Number two, this is great. Kristin chenoweth , as well. And number three, look to your right. Look to your left. Lara spencer. Hey. And now, one more name. This ', "it. She will be on the red carpet with lara, jess and kristin chenoweth . What a great show. That's great. Congratulations. Thank you. Thanks. I'm very excited. Robin, we have a date. So excited. THAT'S FEBRUARY ", "brethren at austin.  Kristin chenoweth  was on tv friday morning. She spoke out for the first time than we thought. Eight weeks after the accident that left  kristin chenoweth  strapped to a stretcher, she's finally talking about it ", 'brethren at austin. Kristin chenoweth was on tv friday morning. She spoke out for the first time since suffering a dramatic head injury two months ago on the set of "the good wives." And on "live with kelly and michael," she reveals the accident was a lot worse than we thought. Eight weeks after the accident that left kristin chenoweth strapped to a stretcher, she\'s finally talking about it. You\'d never know from her bubbly demeanor on "kelly and michael" yesterday, that ', 'come into American Idol Steven Tyler is out of there for sure. Steven Tyler so we reported yesterday Al actress and  Kristin Chenoweth . Who is now has a role on the good wife was knocked out since the hospital because some scaffolding actually lighting ', '-- -- Steven Tyler -- so we reported yesterday Al actress and Kristin Chenoweth . Who is now has a role on the good wife was knocked out since the hospital because some scaffolding -- -- actually ', 'says his dog brought him back into a more peaceful world. Leighton has also shot performers like singer actress  Kristin Chenoweth  yeah. Comedian the Jimmy in the Wonderful opinion. And finally even. Who may just be a little obsessed with my ', 'a more peaceful world. Leighton has also shot performers like singer actress Kristin Chenoweth -- yeah. Comedian -- the Jimmy in the -- Wonderful opinion. And finally even. Who may just be a little obsessed with ', "Photographer was going around the country talking with different people that she is right there. And we that's  Kristin Chenoweth  actually. And so. The with a well OK and capping the Jimmy and it's just a wonderful way of how people spend ", "talking with different people that she is right there. And we that's Kristin Chenoweth actually. And so. The with a well OK and capping the Jimmy -- and it's just a wonderful way of how people ", "behavior in this country it is the movie the king of comedy. Sports emailed it and that will be you know because  Kristin Chenoweth  I think was bumped and they brought Lindsay Lohan now but it's so hot because it's about ratings you would tune ", "emailed it and that will be -- -- -- you know because Kristin Chenoweth I think was bumped and they brought Lindsay Lohan now but it's so hot because it's about ratings you would tune -- "]