['be was to be a Puerto Rican girl. "There were no role models then for me, so I wanted to be Elizabeth Taylor ...  Lana Turner ," she added. "I didn\'t like being Hispanic. I feel sad about it because it was so futile. I wasted a lot of ', 'Borgnine" which lasted 32 days that consisted of one blank page. Zsa Zsa Gabor had nine husbands; Liz Taylor and  Lana Turner  each had eight husbands. Producer Robert Evans was married seven times. By comparison, they put today\'s celebrities ', 'Hope once joked. "But I\'m not complaining. How else would I get to travel with Carroll Baker, Jill St. John,  Lana Turner , Ann-Margret, and Raquel Welch and have my wife wish me \'bon voyage\'?" Hope spent his holidays entertaining ', 'and the "pinup" look was born. The more popular actresses were curvaceous women with big hips and big busts, a la  Lana Turner  and Betty Grable. "They were gorgeous women, but they also had a distinctly American look. They looked much more ', 'Hollywood had a love affair with Coney Island. Films such as "Brighton Beach Memoirs" were set there, and stars like  Lana Turner  graced its beaches. Woody Allen\'s quirky character in "Annie Hall" grew up underneath a Coney Island roller coaster ', '5. Frank Sinatra and Mia Farrow (29 years) After two failed marriages and a string of romances with the likes of  Lana Turner  and Marilyn Monroe, legendary lothario Frank Sinatra tied the knot in 1966 with Mia Farrow. She was 21. He was 50 ', " Legend has it that teenage  Lana Turner  was having a soda at Schwab's drugstore on Sunset when a studio talent scout spotted her. A screen test followed, and a movie ", "worked in TV for two and a half or three years, and I had started on The Mary Tyler Moore Show, having had the sort of  Lana Turner -ish Schwab's discovery made of me by Jim Brooks, aided and abetted by Garry Marshall. So I was writing Mary Tyler ", "mind racing. Go ahead have fun. And keep these ideas in mind. Practice 24/7 Recruiting Legend has it that teenage  Lana Turner  was having a soda at Schwab's drugstore when a studio talent scout spotted her. A screen test followed, and a movie ", "unspooled overhead previously, TWA was the first airline to show regularly scheduled movies in flight (beginning with the  Lana Turner  potboiler By Love Possessed in 1961). The airline's image as a trendy transportation company was burnished by the ", 'the best entry in the long-running series of small town America, with a cast featuring newcomers Judy Garland and  Lana Turner ; Multiple Sidosis (1970), an example of the thousands of experimental films created by amateur cinema clubs throughout ', 'assistant on various Hollywood projects during the early 50s, she coached such stars as Marilyn Monroe, Jane Russell and  Lana Turner  in movement. Her accomplishments as a performer were remarkable in light of the adversity she faced growing up. Verdon ', "into place Scarlett O'Hara. And the anniversary limited edition DVD set includes many digital screen tests including  Lana Turner . And Susan Hayward and the search took two years hundreds of protested even a national vote was taken. bullying can ", 'the anniversary limited edition DVD set includes many digital screen tests including Lana Turner . And Susan Hayward and the search took two years hundreds of -- protested even a national vote was taken. -- bullying can ', "your 400 why wouldn't you why would you recommendation of your own governor. no second thoughts given that it's your board that recommended this. I mean these are political  Lana Turner  art. And its desire not to looks up front him.", "that it's your board that recommended this. I mean these are political Lana Turner art. And its desire not to looks up front -- -- him. "]