['engagement ring since January. Martinez, 46, has had his share of high-profile paramours. He dated Mira Sorvino,  Kylie Minogue  and Rosie Huntington-Whiteley before meeting Berry, 45, on the set of "Dark Tide," which came out earlier this ', "Kirstie Alley and Gilles Marini Voted Off 'Dancing With the Stars: All-Stars' in Week 8", 'after two weeks of audience votes and judges\' scores were combined. Tonight\' show featured live performances from  Kylie Minogue , Ne-Yo and the cast of the Broadway musical "Newsies." Photos: See the entire all-star cast and their pro ', "often saddled with unrealistic expectations and criticized when they aren't met. He pointed to the way pop star  Kylie Minogue 's breast cancer screenings led more women -- including those not in the target age range or risk groups -- to have ", 'The Blonds clothing is meant for private clients and is not available in stores. In addition to Barbie, Beyonce,  Kylie Minogue  and Katy Perry have all worn dresses created by the designers.', 'everything and everyone from the Queen\'s Diamond Jubilee concert. No Tom Jones charm, Robbie Williams cheek, or  Kylie Minogue  hot-pants. The usual suspects are in the line-up, including The Who with "My Generation," several Beatles ', 'Jubilee concert at Buckingham Palace alongside stars such as Sir Elton John, Sir Paul McCartney, Stevie Wonder,  Kylie Minogue  and Robbie Williams. Watch the Diamond Jubilee celebration with Katie Couric tonight at 9 p.m. ET on ABC. The ', "ABC News Celebrates Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth II's Diamond Jubilee with Unprecedented Access to the Royal Family and Celebration Concert", "veritable who's who of the music world including Sir Elton John , Sir Paul McCartney , Sir Tom Jones , Annie Lennox ,  Kylie Minogue  , Stevie Wonder , Will I Am from the Black Eyed Peas and young recording sensation Jessie J . In addition to the performances ", 'to do with this," he said. Martinez, 46, has had his share of high profile paramours. He dated Mira Sorvino,  Kylie Minogue  and Rosie Huntington-Whiteley before meeting Berry, 45, on the set of "Dark Tide," which came out earlier this ', 'the money. Minogue said she owed more than 150,000 British pounds but was too proud to turn to her older sister  Kylie Minogue  for help. "I never wanted to admit the trouble I was in," she said. "I should have been looking at my finances ', 'the money. Minogue said she owed more than 150,000 British pounds but was too proud to turn to her older sister  Kylie Minogue  for help. "I never wanted to admit the trouble I was in," she said. "I should have been looking at my finances ', 'Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 2010. Mick Hutson/Redferns/Getty Images; Michelly Rall/WireImage/Getty Images  Kylie Minogue  This Australian pop princess is a survivor, not only for a career that has spanned decades, but for her successful ', 'a tribute concert to ABBA , "Thank You For the Music," in Hyde Park, London, on Sept. 13, including singers  Kylie Minogue , Chaka Khan, Lulu, Elaine Page, and the West End cast of Mamma Mia! Benny will also be on stage with the Swedish ', 'Reporter: Mark zuckerberg knows the throat of cyberstalking firsthand. He had to take out a restraining order. Singer  kylie minogue  also called police after getting harassing tweets from someone she called a deluded weirdo. The tweets coincided with ', 'of cyberstalking firsthand. He had to take out a restraining order. Singer kylie minogue also called police after getting harassing tweets from someone she called a deluded weirdo. The tweets coincided with a movie premier. The ', 'she moved to LA invitation to write a song for her. That that song spinning around when two Australian pop sensation  Kylie Minogue  and I was kind of really upset this is my big break it was pollen it was amazing and then I saw that the media and ', 'for her. That that song spinning around when two Australian pop sensation Kylie Minogue and I was kind of really upset this is my big break -- it was pollen it was amazing and then I ', "Sarah Jessica Parker Jennifer Lopez. Queen Latifah and not necessarily in the order you're seeing them to particular  Kylie Minogue  is well. And we would choose choose seat you can guess who's who out there we're joined now by the host of the ", "not necessarily in the order you're seeing them to -- -- particular Kylie Minogue is well. And we would choose choose seat you can guess who's who out there we're joined now by the host of "]