['Kevin Bacon/WhoSay  Kyra Sedgwick  is on the mend after she accidentally sliced off the tip of her finger while chopping greens. Her husband, Kevin Bacon, 54 ', 'JESSICA LANGE / Constance - AMERICAN HORROR STORY (FX) JULIANNA MARGULIES / Alicia Florrick - THE GOOD WIFE (CBS)  KYRA SEDGWICK  / Dept. Chief Brenda Leigh Johnson - THE CLOSER (TNT) Outstanding Performance by a Male Actor in a Comedy Series ', 'Glenn Close, Damages Mariska Hargitay, Law & Order: SVU Julianna Marguiles, The Good Wife Elisabeth Moss, Mad Men  Kyra Sedgwick , The Closer Male Actor, Comedy Series Alec Baldwin, 30 Rock Ty Burrell, Modern Family Steve Carell, The Office ', 'mastermind behind "Guiding Light." Other celebrities, such as Morgan Freeman, Lindsay Lohan, Kelsey Grammer and  Kyra Sedgwick  also had roles on the show. Heche won a daytime Emmy for her role as Vicky in 1991. On the big screen, Heche has ', 'best actress in a comedy for "Nurse Jackie"),  Kyra Sedgwick  (best actress in a drama for "The Closer"), Bryan Breaking Bad," AMC. -- Actress, Drama Series:  Kyra Sedgwick , "The Closer," TNT. -- Actor, Comedy Series ', 'mastermind behind "Guiding Light." Other celebrities, such as Morgan Freeman, Lindsay Lohan, Kelsey Grammer and  Kyra Sedgwick  also had roles on the show. Heche won a daytime Emmy for her role as Vicky in 1991. On the big screen, Heche has ', 'mastermind behind "Guiding Light." Other celebrities, such as Morgan Freeman, Lindsay Lohan, Kelsey Grammer and  Kyra Sedgwick  also had roles on the show. Heche won a daytime Emmy for her role as Vicky in 1991. On the big screen, Heche has ', 'Damages" Sally Field, "Brothers & Sisters" Mariska Hargitay, "Law & Order: SVU" Holly Hunter, "Saving Grace"  Kyra Sedgwick , "The Closer" Elisabeth Moss, "Mad Men" Lead Actor in a Comedy Series Alec Baldwin, "30 Rock" Steve Carell ', 'no Wi-Fi in here," said a disappointed-looking Kutcher from inside the ballroom. It was a family affair for  Kyra Sedgwick , who came with husband Kevin Bacon and daughter Sosie. "It\'s kind of a mob scene but I\'m really enjoying my ', 'awards. Now pick up your pencils, voters, and follow along: Lead actress, drama Glenn Close, "Damages", FX  Kyra Sedgwick , "The Closer", TNT Sally Field, "Brothers & Sisters", ABC Ellen Pompeo, "Grey\'s Anatomy", ABC Five-year-old ', 'Minnie Driver for "The Riches," Edie Falco for "The Sopranos," Sally Field for "Brothers and Sisters,"  Kyra Sedgwick  for "The Closer" and Mariska Hargitay for "Law & Order: Special Victims Unit." Sedgwick heard the news firsthand ', "will rack up 30 to 50 miles a day under its own power in each city. Show me the cookie. On TNT's The Closer,  Kyra Sedgwick  plays a tough-cookie interrogator who gets criminals to crumble. And with some characters (especially Sedgwick's) sweet ", 'the former Salomon Bros. chief economist, had lost millions of dollars with Madoff and that actors Kevin Bacon and  Kyra Sedgwick  also had lost an undisclosed amount. Lawyers warned that it could take months or years to fully unravel the complicated ']