['Kristin Davis  falls in love with man and man\'s best friend in "Shaggy Dog" film.', 'John Stamos, Cybill Shepherd and  Kristin Davis  discuss headlining Broadway show.', "appointment viewing for millions of americans. Countless famous faces have appeared on the show, names including  kristin davis , rick springfield. Rick springfield. John stamos and even abc's katie couric. To celebrate the anniversary katie ", "of americans. Countless famous faces have appeared on the show, names including kristin davis , rick springfield. Rick springfield. John stamos and even abc's katie couric. To celebrate the anniversary katie took a look back at some ", "is near my home also does Davis  Kristin Davis  are in the house. Okay. two taking over Broadway John and  Kristin Davis . Okay. they're now lighten they are too great parts of the  Kristin Davis  and John stand. Okay. Barrasso ", "-- and so this is near -- my home also does Davis Kristin Davis are in the house. Okay. -- two tenths of one of the great -- Yes yes ever so it's really really good ", "coming up TV superstar is taking over Broadway John -- -- and Kristin Davis . -- Okay. -- -- they're now lighten up Broadway in Gore Vidal is the best man. One of the great tests. We've seen in some time and they are too great parts of the Kristin Davis and John stand. Okay. Barrasso -- stalking in my in my neighborhood I love. It's like coming up to my -- finishes ", "thing that it is evident and could well rob of those areas where well done you know. Okay who. That really little  Kristin Davis  from Sex the City named Charlotte yes who's dating Aaron Sorkin creator of the newsroom live which you love. Well ", "you know. Okay who. -- -- -- -- That really -- little Kristin Davis from Sex -- the City named Charlotte yes who's dating Aaron Sorkin creator of the newsroom live which you love. Well they ", 'BROADWAY IN "THE BEST MAN" GORE VIDAL\'S PRODUCTION.  KRISTIN DAVIS  AND JOHN STAMOS. HI. HI. HELLO. COME ON. I COULD LEADING MEN OF OUR TIME. I\'VE BEEN JUST AS BIG A FAN OF  KRISTIN DAVIS \'. OH, THAT\'S NICE. HAVE YOU SEEN "SEX AND THE ', 'YEARS. THEY\'RE LIGHTING UP BROADWAY IN "THE BEST MAN" GORE VIDAL\'S PRODUCTION. KRISTIN DAVIS AND JOHN STAMOS. HI. HI. HELLO. COME ON. I COULD KISS YOU. HELLO, FRIEND. LAST TIME I SAW YOU, YOU WERE STALKING ', 'MEN OF OUR TIME. I\'VE BEEN JUST AS BIG A FAN OF KRISTIN DAVIS\' . OH, THAT\'S NICE. HAVE YOU SEEN "SEX AND THE CITY "? BECAUSE HE HAS NOT. YOU HAVEN\'T SEEN THE SHOWS THAT MADE ', "Soledad and yes I can not aware if they do not yeah. She hit the other athletes and yeah. It's. Up next actress  Kristin Davis  is taking a page out of respect for the city's Davis like her character Charlotte has adopted baby girl. In this ", "She hit the -- other athletes and yeah. It's. Up next actress Kristin Davis is taking a page out of respect for the city's -- Davis like her character Charlotte has adopted baby girl. In this ", 'boyfriend Stuart Townsend in 2010. Is the latest single joining in on this Hollywood trend. Sex and the city star  Kristin Davis  who adopted baby girl general rose last year. Dropped by GMA just last week in gushed about her new bundle of joy ', '-- joining in on this Hollywood trend. Sex and the city star Kristin Davis who adopted baby girl general rose last year. Dropped by GMA just last week in gushed about her new bundle of joy. ', "they want to angry. No I'm. I'm passionate about saving New York. Of course that pails in comparison to Kennedy  Kristin Davis  who once ran an escort service. The career politicians and Albany are the biggest whores and in this state I might ", 'about saving New York. Of course that pails in comparison to Kennedy Kristin Davis who once ran an escort service. The career politicians and Albany are the biggest whores and in this state I might be ', "police investigation and now grand jury indictment and set it varsity cheerleaders. Kelly Bob and I Cochran chili Davis  Kristin Davis  battling garner. And Madison all face misdemeanor hazing charges. Carter's lawyer says his client were rats that ", "and set it varsity cheerleaders. Kelly Bob and I Cochran chili Davis Kristin Davis battling garner. -- -- And Madison -- all face misdemeanor hazing charges. Carter's lawyer says his client were rats that but that ", "each had their moments Sarah Jessica Parker did the best. Wedding dress modeling issue you'll ever your life and  Kristin Davis  was that sweet sweet girl you remembered from From their original series and Cynthia Nixon of course but So real women ", "the best. Wedding dress modeling issue you'll ever -- your life and Kristin Davis was that sweet sweet girl you remembered from -- From their original series and Cynthia Nixon of course -- but -- -- ", "cast members of sex from city they were shooting at time they weren't doing the movie yet but she says she did call  Kristin Davis  and she's very close to a Justin Christian was so she jumped up in a chair refused to get down until that the initial ", "they weren't doing the movie yet but she says she did call Kristin Davis and she's very close to a Justin Christian was so -- she jumped up in a chair refused to get down until ", 'We have a great Italian coming up super chef Mario Vitale had sex and the city star  Kristin Davis  are just two of the famous Clinton joined forces for you online collection of recipes cannot only other quick and easy except that ', 'coming up super chef Mario Vitale had sex and the city star Kristin Davis are just two of the famous Clinton joined forces for you online collection of recipes cannot only other quick and easy except ']