['14, said. "We get to go to a lot of different places ... ." RELATED: Jaden Smith Dons Disguise While Out With  Kylie Jenner  Smith, a rapper who became a TV actor and then a mega movie star, said he appreciates the time he gets to spend with ', 'Coast, but Baldwin has a lot of friends in Hollywood. On Wednesday, she attended the "After Earth" premiere with  Kylie Jenner  ("Me and Hailey met at [the] \'Hunger Games\' [premiere] ," Jenner said on Keek) and hit Nobu with pal Willow ', "Jaden Smith has said that he and  Kylie Jenner  aren't dating, but he's certainly going to great lengths to make sure they're not photographed together. Smith, 14, stepped ", 'of his movies, I can get my own house," the "Karate Kid" star joked. READ: Jaden Smith \'Best Friends\' with  Kylie Jenner  Father Will Smith joined in the laughs. "I mean ... my baby boy, he\'s never leaving me, ever," he joked ', 'Getty Images It\'s no secret that Jaden Smith and  Kylie Jenner  have been spending time together. But in a new interview awesome," he added. Read More About Jaden Smith and  Kylie Jenner  Last month, Smith and Jenner were photographed leaving ', 'spotlight - daughter, Willow, 12, had a pop hit with "Whip My Hair," and son, Jaden, is rumored to be dating  Kylie Jenner  - but "The Matrix" star says she and her A-list husband leave it up to them to decide what to do. "She said ', 'Jada Pinkett- Smith, is being linked to reality star  Kylie Jenner , daughter of Bruce and Kris Jenner. A source told I\'ll miss you." To read the Us Weekly Exclusive see:  Kylie Jenner  Is Dating Jaden Smith.', "New York Fashion Week is as much about the personalities as what's being paraded down the runway. Case in point:  Kylie Jenner 's strut through the Abbey Dawn show on Monday. Normally, a 14-year-old model's debut would arouse maybe the ", "documents his family's life in Los Angeles, Calif., with sisters Kourtney, Kim and Khloe Kardashian, Kendall and  Kylie Jenner , mother Kris Jenner and step-dad Bruce Jenner. The only son of the late attorney Robert Kardashian and Kris Jenner ", 'Kim Kardashian Cashes In Big on Wedding to Kris Humphries With Deals, Steals and Gifts', "27, stood by as the maid and matron of honor, respectively, while her younger half-sisters, Kendall, 15, and  Kylie Jenner , 14, along with Humphries' sister Kaela, served as bridesmaids. All five wore ivory, silk organza mermaid gowns ", 'Kardashian Mom Kris Jenner Talks About Getting Paid by Her Kids and Changing Her Name', 'contracts. More recently, Jenner has turned her attention to promoting her two youngest daughters, 14-year-old  Kylie Jenner  and 16-year-old Kendall Jenner. "We have our nail polish line, Nicole by O.P.I. Kardashian Kolors, and ', "You know, among the kardashians' many talents is writing. It is? Yeah. Now, it's -- now, it's kendall and  kylie jenner  writing a book. It's science faction, set 200 years in the future. The book is aimed at the young adult audience ", "is writing. It is? Yeah. Now, it's -- now, it's kendall and kylie jenner writing a book. It's science faction, set 200 years in the future. The book is aimed at the young adult audience. And "]