['year for lead actress in a comedy series, the "New Girl" actress was snubbed and her show was shut out. Instead,  Laura Dern  grabbed a nomination for her show "Enlightened," even though it\'s no longer on the air. ABC Eric Stonestreet A ', 'winner for "Two and a Half Men," didn\'t make the cut this year. Actresses competing for top comedy acting honors are  Laura Dern  for "Enlightened"; Lena Dunham for "Girls"; Edie Falco for "Nurse Jackie"; Amy Poehler for "Parks and Recreation ', 'Showtime; Louis C.K., "Louie," FX Networks; Alec Baldwin, "30 Rock," NBC. Actress, Comedy Series:  Laura Dern , "Enlightened," HBO; Lena Dunham, "Girls," HBO; Edie Falco, "Nurse Jackie," Showtime; Amy Poehler ', 'Veep Outstanding Lead Actress in a Comedy Series Tina Fey, 30 Rock Lena Dunham, Girls Julia Louis-Dreyfus, Veep  Laura Dern , Enlightened Edie Falco, Nurse Jackie Amy Poehler, Parks and Recreation Outstanding Lead Actor in a Comedy Series ', 'Girls"; Amy Poehler, "Parks and Recreation";  Laura Dern , "Enlightened" "If I was betting, I would say Julia work and won three Emmys. Wilson would also like to see  Laura Dern  get some love for her short-lived HBO series, "Enlightened ', 'to an Us Weekly source. Another Us Weekly insider reported that while Aniston was away shooting a movie titled "We\'re the Millers" in North Carolina, Theroux was out with a group of her friends, including Courteney Cox and  Laura Dern .', 'We\'re the Millers" in North Carolina, Theroux was out with a group of her friends, including Courteney Cox and  Laura Dern , suggesting that the pair is still close. Aniston was recently photographed on the set of "We\'re the Millers" in ', 'Wagner 1950 Mark Spitz 1951 Bob Iger 1955 Jim Cramer 1961 Alexander Payne 1961 George Stephanopoulos 1964 Glenn Beck 1967  Laura Dern  1974 Elizabeth Banks 1991 Emma Roberts 1997 Chloe Moretz View more videos from This Month in History: February .', 'Comedy went to recent favorite "Modern Family." Both Claire Danes, who won her first Globe when she was 15, and  Laura Dern , who was Miss Golden Globe back in 1982, took home awards - Danes for "Homeland," and Dern for her series "Enlightened ', 'she has a leg up on familiar faces Tina Fey, Amy Poehler and Laura Linney. But don\'t count out "Enlightened" star  Laura Dern  who has more name recognition and is also new to TV sitcom. Best Supporting Actor in a Series, Mini-series or Motion ', 'comedy with Julia Louis-Dreyfus, from "In the Loop" scribe Armando Iannucci. One series to survive Tuesday was the  Laura Dern  comedy "Enlightened," which just earned Golden Globe nominations for both the show and Dern. the show was renewed ', 'number of A-list stars on the small screen, including first-timers Patrick Wilson, Zooey Deschanel, Jim Caviezel,  Laura Dern  and Christina Ricci. Fall 2011 also marks the return of several stars who made their mark in television before jumping to ', 'Matt LeBlanc episodes. And Jim Parsons the Big Bang theory. The nominees for lead actress in a comedy series are.  Laura Dern  and lights and Lena Dunham girls. Edie Falco nurse Jackie. Tina Fey 30 Rock. Julia Louis-Dreyfus. The and Amy Poehler ', 'Bang theory. The nominees for lead actress in a comedy series are. Laura Dern and lights and Lena Dunham -- girls. Edie Falco nurse Jackie. Tina Fey 30 Rock. Julia Louis-Dreyfus. The and Amy Poehler parks ', "Last night you don't intend to hold me compact team this go through this. I stone and chip much ice cream not listed on my mind. You're living on your mom your husbands and is taken in the basement of the losers has nothing to do this success and I mean you can be pretty sure higher motives some", 'From working with David Lynch to Steven Spielberg, the actress discusses her choices as an actress.', "Welcome back to the mix delightful chat ensuing now actress  Laura Dern . A true child of Hollywood. Your father Brewster. And mother is Diane in who is in this movie again yes that's right she had ", 'Welcome back to the mix delightful chat ensuing now -- actress Laura Dern . A true child of Hollywood. Your father Brewster. And -- -- mother is Diane -- in -- who is in this movie ']