['Aaron Paul and Neil Patrick Harris anounce the nominations for the 2013 primetime emmy awards.', "Three this year including one that's coming out on Friday and she's barely stopping to rest before on Broadway  Laura Linney . Joins us this morning talk about her new movie the savages which is already generating it doesn't scary when it's ", "on Friday and she's barely stopping to rest before -- on Broadway Laura Linney . Joins us this morning talk about her new movie the savages which is already generating it doesn't scary when it's Oscar -- ", 'Live. The nominees for lead actress in a comedy series are. Edie Falco nurse Jackie and Tina Fey and thirty Iraq.  Laura Linney  the big Melissa McCarthy might in my. Martha Plimpton raising hole. And Amy Poehler parks and recreation. Change ', 'series are. Edie Falco nurse Jackie and Tina Fey and thirty Iraq. Laura Linney the big -- Melissa McCarthy might in my. -- -- Martha Plimpton raising -- hole. And Amy Poehler parks and recreation. Change. ', "frequently are bouncing Christians have helped river We didn't see the fruit punch Katrina spilling from punt thank  Laura Linney  and Oliver Platt hilarious back and forth make this the And finally overseas violence there's a new opera singer who ", "-- We didn't see the fruit punch Katrina spilling from punt thank Laura Linney and Oliver Platt hilarious back and forth make this -- -- -- the -- And finally -- overseas violence there's a new ", "in a never seen before on television through comedy.  Laura Linney  plays the straight air Cathy Jamison a suburban teacher like for you as an actor working with the very talented  Laura Linney . It's it's been honestly dream come true if it's ", "on cancer in a -- never seen before on television through comedy. Laura Linney plays the straight air -- Cathy Jamison a suburban teacher and mother that's diagnosed with stage four melanoma. Her normally conservative and ", "been like for you as an actor working with the very talented Laura Linney . It's it's been honestly dream come true if it's like taking a master class she is. By far the most of -- ", 'next dream destinations. It is an honor during the great designer heels Mandela some red carpet favorite. Amy Adams  Laura Linney  Kate Hudson Paul his stunning gallons on big nights from lab Well. Lose the and. The fan of his surprise me. It shows ', 'great -- -- designer heels Mandela some red carpet favorite. Amy Adams Laura Linney Kate Hudson -- Paul -- his stunning gallons on big nights from lab -- -- -- Well. Lose the and. The fan ', 'a miniseries or a movie are. Dame Judi Dench transferred masterpiece theatre. Catherine Keener an American crime.  Laura Linney  for John Adams. Fully sure shot a raisin in the sun. And Susan Sarandon in Bernard and Doris. The nominees for lead ', 'are. Dame Judi Dench transferred masterpiece theatre. Catherine Keener an American crime. Laura Linney for John Adams. Fully sure shot a raisin in the sun. And Susan Sarandon in Bernard and Doris. The nominees for lead ', 'nominees are. point chat in Elizabeth the golden age. Julie Christie in away from her. on coty are in beyond rose.  Laura Linney  and the savages. And Ellen Page in Juno. The nominees for best performance by an actor in a leading role are. George ', 'in away from her. -- on coty are in -- beyond rose. Laura Linney and the savages. And Ellen Page in Juno. The nominees for best performance by an actor in a leading role are. George ', "actor nomination. For No Country for Old Men but He comes in there and probably knocks result from that spot how about  Laura Linney . Best actress a lot of people didn't see Jack come you know that was they're worried that very they don't know ", "there and probably knocks -- -- result from that spot how about Laura Linney . Best actress -- a lot of people didn't see Jack come you know that was they're worried that very -- they don't ", "the other is a replica version. The replica version was presented to all of the nominees for best actress category so  Laura Linney  and Ellen Page and Julie Christie There's. And then the and is being auctioned off on date for the benefit of a Sierra ", "was presented to all of the nominees for best actress category so Laura Linney and Ellen Page and Julie Christie -- There's. And then the -- and is being auctioned off on -- date for the ", "let's get to the actress Kate jets Elizabeth Julie Christie. In a way from her courtyard levee and rose playing it is  Laura Linney  in the savages Ellen Page. Young Canadian deaths and you know your fellow Canadians. Way to and I hope there's there's ", "from her -- -- courtyard levee and rose playing it is -- Laura Linney in the savages Ellen Page. Young Canadian deaths and you know your fellow Canadians. Way to -- and -- I hope there's "]