['of key employees to a conference room named after "Dark Passage," a 1947 film noir starring Humphrey Bogart and  Lauren Bacall . On this night, the setting has been transformed into Netflix\'s version of a war room. The engineers are flanked ', 'of key employees to a conference room named after "Dark Passage," a 1947 film noir starring Humphrey Bogart and  Lauren Bacall . On this night, the setting has been transformed into Netflix\'s version of a war room. The engineers are flanked ', "Frank Sinatra's Widow on Man Behind the Legend: 'Big Tipper...Romantic Husband'.", 'this so-called Bogart Bacall syndrome are also trying to exude more confidence, strength and authority. Think of  Lauren Bacall , the syndrome\'s namesake, as the worst-case scenario. "In the beginning, Bacall had a much higher, normal ', 'billboards, advertising soap and toothpaste, radio shows, and, among others, a movie starring Humphrey Bogart and  Lauren Bacall , whose faces were well known to even the guajiros of Cuba! (Another featured the enchanting visage of the buxom ', "in the world there's just a few. There's Audrey Hepburn, Sophia Loren, there's, you know what I mean?  Lauren Bacall ... you know, she represents that. And the great thing about it is that she is one ", "an untelevised though taped ceremony in Hollywood on Nov. 14 will be held for this year's recipients: actress  Lauren Bacall , B-movie titan Roger Corman, cinematographer Gordon Willis and executive/producer John Calley, who will receive ", "you were in the place where everybody in the world wanted to be, you know, because people were always dropping in.  Lauren Bacall  would drop in. Dwayne Eddy would drop in. I mean sometimes people you didn't even know um ... that you didn't ", 'hypnotizing the camera. In another photo, she\'s in  Lauren Bacall \'s dressing room in Applause. Lauren is wearing a caftan line solo in when she did Applause on Broadway with  Lauren Bacall . The solo went, "She\'s laughing a bit too loudly ', 'not the only well-known faces in attendance in the church today; also present were the actors Jack Nicholson and  Lauren Bacall , singers Tony Bennett and Brian Stokes Mitchell, and basketball legend Bill Russell.', 'spokesperson, but tell people that you\'re being paid."  Lauren Bacall : Macular Degeneration and Novartis The same year that criticism for her unpublicized link to Wyeth, actress  Lauren Bacall  went on NBC\'s "Today" show to talk about macular ', "City hospital. So was Richardson's sister, Joely Richardson. Neeson also reportedly was by her side. Actress  Lauren Bacall  was photographed visiting the hospital Wednesday afternoon. Richardson Suffered Head Injury During Ski Lesson The ", "City hospital. So was Richardson's sister, Joely Richardson. Neeson also reportedly was by her side. Actress  Lauren Bacall  was photographed visiting the hospital Wednesday afternoon. Vanessa Redgrave, center, with daughters Natasha Richardson ", 'wants to know which president played the piano well  Lauren Bacall  sat on top it. Well Harry S Truman played the piano at the National Press Club with  Lauren Bacall  big clearly talk. But he was not then president he ', 'Missouri. And Dennis wants to know which president played the piano well Lauren Bacall sat on top -- it. Well Harry S Truman played the piano at the National Press Club with Lauren Bacall big -- clearly -- talk. But he was not then president he was vice president the United States at that precise moment. ', "somebody went centers like the French Open Of these at this very unpredictable yeah. One year we were sure gonna be  Lauren Bacall  and Julie one one we're sure it's going to be Vanessa Redgrave and you know somebody else would someone I can go ", "this very unpredictable yeah. One year we were sure -- gonna be Lauren Bacall and Julie -- one one -- we're sure it's going to be Vanessa Redgrave and you know somebody else would someone I ", "don't know when that that this is there with these combat ready remembers it could put this. Great photo and then  Lauren Bacall  here recognize that Maryland route all right that was on the at a marry a millionaire. And look at the Sammy He loved ", 'ready -- remembers -- it could put this. Great photo and then Lauren Bacall here recognize that Maryland route all right that was on the -- at a marry a millionaire. And look at the -- ']