['that the designers put together manipulate the look of the actress. But I do sometimes wish for something crazy:  Lara Flynn Boyle  with her tutu ensemble, Cher in her Bob Mackie get up. Those kinds of spectacles can be fun." CLICK HERE to ask ', 'Getting Down Nicholson has a history of being attracted to younger, skinnier women, including a romance with actress  Lara Flynn Boyle , and he had a longtime relationship with Anjelica Huston. While on his vacation, he has frequently been spotted ', 'Getting Down Nicholson has a history of being attracted to younger, skinnier women, including a romance with actress  Lara Flynn Boyle , and he had a longtime relationship with Anjelica Huston. "Well, a younger woman is a type, but not necessarily ', "the track record with beautiful Hollywood women. Before Sheridan, he was linked with actresses Heather Locklear,  Lara Flynn Boyle , Julie Bowen and Krista Allen. And in August, Spade's ex-girlfriend, Playboy Playmate Jillian Grace, gave ", 'the male skink lizard wanted to take my finger off." In Hollywood, Dratfield\'s clientele includes the actress  Lara Flynn Boyle , the owner of five dogs, including a new puppy. Wherever he goes and whatever type of animal he shoots, he says ', "has been been playing with girls ever since he parted ways with Anjelica Huston, most recently with 33-year-old  Lara Flynn Boyle . Meanwhile, Harrison Ford is a 60-year-old man playing house with Calista Flockhart, who's 22 years his junior ", 'and think, "Shoot, back to reality." After getting lost in the pageantry of it all and taking numerous jabs at  Lara Flynn Boyle \'s hideous outfit (a ballerina tutu with high-heeled lace-up toe shoes), I am left to reflect on what it all ', 'is actually something of a ladies man, having dated such primetime stars as Jennifer Aniston, Courteney Cox,  Lara Flynn Boyle , and Along Came a Spider star Monica Potter. Kidman told Diane Sawyer in August, just before her divorce from Cruise ', 'is actually something of a ladies man, having dated such primetime stars as Jennifer Aniston, Courteney Cox,  Lara Flynn Boyle , and Along Came a Spider star Monica Potter. Kidman told Diane Sawyer in August, just before her divorce from Cruise ', 'is actually something of a ladies man, having dated such primetime stars as Jennifer Aniston, Courteney Cox,  Lara Flynn Boyle , and Along Came a Spider star Monica Potter. Kidman told Diane Sawyer in August, just before her divorce from Cruise ']