['inspect Red Guards in the 1960s. President Richard Nixon rode through Beijing in one during his breakthrough 1972 visit.  Bob Hope  rode in one too, and was mysteriously told that the trunk was off-limits. The Red Flag disappeared in the 1980s, replaced ', 'White House lawn with President Richard Nixon for 591 of the prisoners and their families. Stars such as Sammy Davis,  Bob Hope  and John Wayne were all there to the honor all Vietnam-era prisoners of war. Last Thursday, 187 POWs and their families ', 'rose to fame with her TV specials alongside her mentor  Bob Hope , in the 1960s. Later, she starred in her own show her Brentwood home, where she had a large painting of  Bob Hope  on her wall. "She didn\'t hold back," Kohen said ', 'been living in hospice care at her home. Diller began her career in 1952, rising to fame with her TV specials alongside  Bob Hope  in the 1960s. Later, she starred in her own show, "The Phyllis Diller Show," as well as the variety show "The Beautiful ', "discounter JetBlue and prices reflect this. In fact, the entire LA area is blessed with a wealth of airports like Burbank's  Bob Hope  in the San Fernando Valley and Santa Ana's John Wayne in Orange County (and no, I don't know if California is developing ", "he'd used an anti-gay slur. Only one other person has hosted Hollywood's biggest night more time than Crystal -  Bob Hope . Taking away from Crystal's opener was an echo from his microphone that drew comments on Twitter. Some also complained ", 'Leo dropped the F-bomb. "They didn\'t say a word!" he said. He was backstage watching it happen; he introduced  Bob Hope  at that show. "That\'s when I knew maybe I should come back. It\'s fun to be out there when moments like that happen ', "hundreds of events each year in 60 locations across 27 states and 14 countries, the USO continues the tradition begun by  Bob Hope  of bringing iconic American artists to entertain the troops who are protecting America's freedom and culture at home and ", 'Dominick Benedetto. After serving in World War II, he started singing under the name Joe Bari, after a city in Italy.  Bob Hope  told him it was a "phony name," Bennett said. What did Hope think of his real name? "Well, that\'s a little long ', "are another potential source of profit. Roger Neal, a Hollywood publicist whose past clients include Donny Osmond and  Bob Hope , speculated that there will be a bidding war between broadcast and cable shows to secure Anthony's first sit-down ", 'performance artists. We started our own company called Pop Theatrics, and we entertained at events for luminaries such as  Bob Hope , Luciano Pavarotti, Jacqueline Onassis, Donald Trump, and Cher, and at the White House for then-president Ronald ', 'show Kyle rules. Even though you know I do not support into company dating a little sleeping together when my gonna do  Bob Hope  company kind of like. Den mother of a group of very. Sexed up. Young people I can this group of kids you know find ', 'support into company dating a little sleeping together when my gonna do Bob Hope company -- -- kind of like. Den mother of a group of very. Sexed up. Young people -- I can -- this ', 'reality show aptly titled of home rule. Even you know I do not support into company dating. seeking to get one my managing  Bob Hope  company near a kind of like the den mother of a group of very. Sexed up. Young people I This group of kids you know ', 'support into company dating. -- -- seeking to get one my managing Bob Hope company near a kind of like the den mother of a group of very. Sexed up. Young people I -- This group ', 'MacFARLANE WAS WONDERFUL AND WHO Knew? I did." One of the best jokes could have been delivered by long-time oscar host  bob hope . If sunday, everybody is dressed up, this is like church, only with more people praying. One of his safest jokes ', 'of the best jokes could have been delivered by long-time oscar host bob hope . If sunday, everybody is dressed up, this is like church, only with more people praying. One of his safest jokes last night. ', "Wasn't growing up with a father like  Bob Hope  well it was an extraordinary bride and mean it was from then. Earliest memories all through my life and towards the end of my ", "Wasn't growing up with a father like Bob Hope well it was an extraordinary bride and mean it was from then. Earliest memories -- all through my life and towards the ", "didn't live. hockey team and you you wanna go in the Borough now. Hang on hang on hang on. We're now joined by  Bob Hope  we're now joined by Sam from Kentucky's Sam tell us a little bit about your son I am so excited to be here How excited ", "Borough now. Hang on hang on hang on. We're now joined by Bob Hope we're now joined by Sam from Kentucky's Sam tell us a little bit about your son I am so excited to be ", "America until we thank you for that. Clinton is so great to have you here with us need to had yeah. We'll take contact  Bob Hope  I don't know Lovely audience we. I cannot come on Yahoo!.", "with us need to -- had -- yeah. We'll take -- contact Bob Hope I don't know -- Lovely audience we. I cannot come on Yahoo!. ", "shrewdly have invited to be on this show today and I welcome board Shula thinks in my flat out antiques after night.  Bob Hope  I can do this I can do That's that stretch that's my French OK didn't you weren't convinced. I made to sound ", "-- welcome board Shula thinks in my flat out antiques after night. Bob Hope I can do this -- I can do -- That's -- that stretch that's my French OK didn't you weren't convinced. I "]