['(Photo Credit: Regan Cameron/Marie Claire) It has been a few years since  Lauren Conrad  stepped away from reality TV and the L.A. club scene and, in a new interview, she reveals one big reason why. "I destroyed ', "com Patent heels, $22, forever21.com Thrift store clutch, $5 Cady's Look: Total Cost, $99.80 LC by  Lauren Conrad  dress, $40.80, kohls.com Brash wedge heels, $24, payless.com Drop earrings, $10, thatsfoxy.com Boden ", 'Sullivan/WireImage/Getty Images) Children\'s book author Lemony Snicket released a sneering statement today aimed at  Lauren Conrad , the former MTV star of "The Hill" and "The O.C.," based on a video she created showing how to cut up Snicket\'s ', "on the pages of the best fashion magazines. Wear a piece alone or create your own stack just like stars including  Lauren Conrad , Miley Cyrus, Britney Spears and Brooklyn Decker who've worn the line. Free shipping. Emi-Jay: Hand-dyed Hair ", '1968 Pauly Shore 1971 Michael C. Hall 1979 Rachelle LeFevre 1983 Andrew VanWyngarden 1984 Lee Thompson Young 1986  Lauren Conrad  1987 Heather Morris View more videos from This Month in History: February .', 'all dress up as Rugrats! It was awesome! Everyone\'s costumes were amazing!" Also present: "The Hills" star  Lauren Conrad , who channeled Britney Spears as a sexy schoolgirl from her first video, "Baby One More Time." In nearby Pacific ', "Look-Alike Fashions: You Don't Have to Break the Bank to Look Like a Million Bucks", "over-the-shoulder bag in a wearable tan leather approximates the same look for less than a quarter of the price! LC by  Lauren Conrad : Floral ruffle chiffon top for Kohl's (polyester), 36 Dream Out Loud Collection by Selena Gomez for Kmart ", "Kohl's , $16 Bag: Rampage, Endless.com , $98 Sunglasses: LC  Lauren Conrad  for Kohl's , $13 Swimsuit: Topshop, $52 ABC News 3. The Vita at Dillards , $90 Belt: Topshop , $19 Sunglasses: LC  Lauren Conrad  for Kohl's , $13", 'successful entrepreneur. One of its most popular lines are stretchy bracelets. They\'re being worn by celebrities such as  Lauren Conrad  and was featured in this year\'s Sports Illustrated swimsuit issue. Deal: For today through Sunday only, "GMA ', 'catch a glimpse of Demi Moore and Ashton Kutcher holding hands as they walk up the dirt path, Garcia says. Plus,  Lauren Conrad  and Lo Bosworth really love these hills, too. "Optimal star spottings happen midday when the rest of L.A.\'s ', 'their 20s. But unlike her fellow cover cohorts --  Lauren Conrad  , Megan Fox and Amanda Seyfried -- Sidibe is black whippet-thin is Meghan McCain." The Elle covers for  Lauren Conrad , Gabourey Sidibe and Megan Fox. Without a doubt ', 'Former "Hills" Co-Stars Will End Their Marriage For Good. People Magazine Reports', "couple seem to be doing so well can you tell us what happened here. I know it's such machine first. Three years  Lauren Conrad  and Kyle Howard. Seem to really have consolidated. Real life relationship if they were really under the radar He ", "us what happened here. I know it's such machine first. Three years Lauren Conrad and Kyle Howard. Seem to really have consolidated. Real life relationship if they were really under the radar He wasn't part of ", "She has started not one but two TV shows launched her own fashion line and is now best selling author of  Lauren Conrad  stardust on TV's mega hits Laguna Beach and the hills. And took about a less traveled by reality stars she became a Her first ", "launched her own fashion line and is now best selling author of Lauren Conrad stardust on TV's mega hits Laguna Beach and the hills. And took about a less traveled by reality stars she became a ", 'Sherodd Small and  Lauren Conrad  debate whether or not dumping a friend is a good idea.', "is always not around he had been alive need your attention since they absolutely cannot do you want to Monday. OK  Lauren Conrad  this is that is the girl from the hills she's 27 year old she apparently. What in yet there she is marking an annual ", "do you want to Monday. -- -- -- -- -- -- OK Lauren Conrad this is that is the girl from the hills she's 27 year old she apparently. What -- in yet there she is ", "well judges of the audience now OK and speaking of partnering. There I understand He has some news yes He is dating  Lauren Conrad  Vernon Hills. And some Hitler's famous. Strange up but it actually makes a lot of sense. cap conference just became ", "There -- I understand He has some news yes He is dating Lauren Conrad Vernon Hills. And some Hitler's famous. Strange -- up but it actually makes a lot of sense. -- cap conference just became ", "Anyone who wants to feel little. She's she's keeping it reasons keep in Iraq must have here so here we have  Lauren Conrad  who is office is up who is also with and she's known for her beautiful hair in Hollywood so picked her hair accessories ", "it reasons keep in Iraq must have here so here we have Lauren Conrad who is office is up who is also with -- and she's known for her beautiful hair in Hollywood so -- picked "]