['Tierney , who starred in the pilot, had to drop out to have surgery to remove a breast tumor. She was replaced by  Lauren Graham  of "Gilmore Girls" fame. Based on the 1989 movie with Steve Martin, "Parenthood," which also stars Peter Krause ', 'allowed to listen to the show as it is being taped via conference call. Also appearing on Tuesday\'s show will be  Lauren Graham , who is promoting "Evan Almighty," and Toby Keith. Before he appears on "The Tonight Show," Thompson meets ', 'the school vice principal who becomes Diesel\'s nemesis. And the role affords Diesel a lighthearted romance with  Lauren Graham  of "The Gilmore Girls." But like "Kindergarten Cop," the success of the movie will ride largely on Diesel\'s ', 'have trouble balancing." Berman sees Gilmore Girls as a good example. Fast-quipping, unconventional Lorelei ( Lauren Graham ) became pregnant at 16 and brought up daughter Rory (Alexis Bledel) alone. "Lorelei Gilmore, she\'s certainly ', "was another critical fave, Gilmore Girls, which rated better at the last Screen Actors Guild awards, where lead  Lauren Graham  received a nomination. In fact, the WB didn't get a single Emmy nomination in any category for any show. Adding ", "was another critical fave, Gilmore Girls, which rated better at the last Screen Actors Guild awards, where lead  Lauren Graham  received a nomination. In fact, the WB didn't get a single Emmy nomination in any category for any show. Adding ", "was another critical fave, Gilmore Girls, which rated better at the last Screen Actors Guild awards, where lead  Lauren Graham  received a nomination. In fact, the WB didn't get a single Emmy nomination in any category for any show. Adding ", "was another critical fave, Gilmore Girls, which rated better at the last Screen Actors Guild awards, where lead  Lauren Graham  received a nomination. In fact, the WB didn't get a single Emmy nomination in any category for any show. Adding ", "was another critical fave, Gilmore Girls, which rated better at the last Screen Actors Guild awards, where lead  Lauren Graham  received a nomination. In fact, the WB didn't get a single Emmy nomination in any category for any show. Adding ", 'actress in a drama field is a crowded one this year, with six nominations, including one for first-time nominee  Lauren Graham  for The Gilmore Girls her nod is also the only one for the WB. She competes with Gillian Anderson (The X-Files ', 'actress in a drama field is a crowded one this year, with six nominations, including one for first-time nominee  Lauren Graham  for The Gilmore Girls her nod is also the only one for the WB. She competes with Gillian Anderson (The X-Files ', 'actress in a drama field is a crowded one this year, with six nominations, including one for first-time nominee  Lauren Graham  for The Gilmore Girls her nod is also the only one for the WB. She competes with Gillian Anderson (The X-Files ', "Girl because we it and and it was so much an ailment that showed that the city itself. And you York city boy and I  Lauren Graham  and fans. So then going to making a sound stage in the heart of Isn't experience Graham and I've never spent much ", "the city itself. And you -- York city boy and I -- Lauren Graham and fans. So then going to making a sound stage in the heart of -- Isn't -- experience Graham and I've never ", "you know good night's sleep does not seek power and will find that out here right this is the one we've been is  Lauren Graham  is that Alam near. When the gravity zero bad this one 30000 dollars a custom make these Gloria. can get to 50000 ", "out here right this is the one we've been -- is -- Lauren Graham is that Alam near. When the gravity zero bad this one -- 30000 dollars a custom make these Gloria. -- can get ", "Of course character doesn't know that mom has a hand in the sudden surge in her romantic life. I prepare a and  Lauren Graham  costar is key other married daughters. Because I said so is rated PG thirteen. thrills and chills what you're looking ", "the sudden surge in her romantic life. I prepare a -- and Lauren Graham costar is key -- other married daughters. Because I said so is rated PG thirteen. -- thrills and chills -- what you're "]