['Spector," HBO. Actress, Miniseries or Movie: Jessica Lange, "American Horror Story: Asylum," FX Networks;  Laura Linney , "The Big C: Hereafter," Showtime; Helen Mirren, "Phil Spector," HBO; Sigourney Weaver, "Political Animals ', 'Political Animals Top of the Lake Lead Actress in a Miniseries or Movie Jessica Lange, American Horror Story: Asylum  Laura Linney , The Big C: Hereafter Helen Mirren, Phil Spector Elisabeth Moss, Top of the Lake Sigourney Weaver, Political Animals ', "political life of our nation's second president, and looks at the United States' first 50 years. Paul Giamatti and  Laura Linney  lead the cast as John and Abigail Adams in the series, which took home a record-shattering 13 Primetime Emmy Awards ", 'this high-culture seven-part miniseries on Founding Father and President No. 2, casting Paul Giamatti as Adams,  Laura Linney  as wife Abigail, Tom Wilkinson as Benjamin Franklin and Stephen Dillane as Thomas Jefferson. Washington Post critic ', 'actress Oscar. After a couple of small film roles, Sidibe is now a regular on the Showtime series "The Big C" with  Laura Linney . Spencer, who became only the sixth black woman to win an Oscar, has more acting chops than both and should fare ', 'title of her new Fox series. As the new shiny thing, she has a leg up on familiar faces Tina Fey, Amy Poehler and  Laura Linney . But don\'t count out "Enlightened" star Laura Dern who has more name recognition and is also new to TV sitcom ', 'FilmMagic/Getty Images Lead Actress, Comedy: Amy Poehler Edie Falco, "Nurse Jackie"; Tina Fey, "30 Rock";  Laura Linney , "The Big C"; Melissa McCarthy, "Mike & Molly"; Martha Plimpton, "Raising Hope"; Amy Poehler, "Parks and ', 'FilmMagic/Getty Images Lead Actress, Comedy: Amy Poehler Edie Falco, "Nurse Jackie"; Tina Fey, "30 Rock";  Laura Linney , "The Big C"; Melissa McCarthy, "Mike & Molly"; Martha Plimpton, "Raising Hope"; Amy Poehler, "Parks and ', "Showtime Skin cancer takes center stage as actress  Laura Linney 's Cathy lives a full life, despite her diagnosis Biggest Loser Success Story: Season 11 Winner Olivia Ward  Laura Linney , Skin Cancer, and The Big C Change Your Life Today ", 'He took a more serious turn in the 2006 coming-of-age story "Driving Lessons," in which he acted alongside  Laura Linney . Grint opted for a further departure from Harry Potter with the 2008 thriller "Cherrybomb," playing a bad boy who ', 'Joseph, 24, a former "America\'s Next Top Model" contestant, clutching her hand as they left a performance of  Laura Linney \'s New York City play, "Time Stands Still." Carrey\'s rep didn\'t respond to ABCNews.com\'s request for comment ', "Jill Clayburgh's Legacy: After 'An Unmarried Woman,' Actresses Redefine Independence", 'They\'re worldly and successful but, despite their modernity, just as torn up about what it means to be married.  Laura Linney  in " The Big C ." Linney plays Cathy Jamison, a teacher by profession and mom to a big-mouth teenage son. During the ', 'Phil Spector. nominees for lead actress in a miniseries or a movie are. Jessica Lange American horror story asylum.  Laura Linney  the big seat after. Helen Mirren Phil Spector. Elizabeth on top of the lake. And Sigourney Weaver political animals ', 'a miniseries or a movie are. Jessica Lange American horror story asylum. Laura Linney the big seat -- after. Helen Mirren Phil Spector. Elizabeth -- on top of the lake. And Sigourney Weaver political animals. The ', "Three this year including one that's coming out on Friday and she's barely stopping to rest before on Broadway  Laura Linney . Joins us this morning talk about her new movie the savages which is already generating it doesn't scary when it's ", "on Friday and she's barely stopping to rest before -- on Broadway Laura Linney . Joins us this morning talk about her new movie the savages which is already generating it doesn't scary when it's Oscar -- ", 'Live. The nominees for lead actress in a comedy series are. Edie Falco nurse Jackie and Tina Fey and thirty Iraq.  Laura Linney  the big Melissa McCarthy might in my. Martha Plimpton raising hole. And Amy Poehler parks and recreation. Change ', 'series are. Edie Falco nurse Jackie and Tina Fey and thirty Iraq. Laura Linney the big -- Melissa McCarthy might in my. -- -- Martha Plimpton raising -- hole. And Amy Poehler parks and recreation. Change. ', "frequently are bouncing Christians have helped river We didn't see the fruit punch Katrina spilling from punt thank  Laura Linney  and Oliver Platt hilarious back and forth make this the And finally overseas violence there's a new opera singer who ", "-- We didn't see the fruit punch Katrina spilling from punt thank Laura Linney and Oliver Platt hilarious back and forth make this -- -- -- the -- And finally -- overseas violence there's a new ", "in a never seen before on television through comedy.  Laura Linney  plays the straight air Cathy Jamison a suburban teacher like for you as an actor working with the very talented  Laura Linney . It's it's been honestly dream come true if it's ", "on cancer in a -- never seen before on television through comedy. Laura Linney plays the straight air -- Cathy Jamison a suburban teacher and mother that's diagnosed with stage four melanoma. Her normally conservative and ", "been like for you as an actor working with the very talented Laura Linney . It's it's been honestly dream come true if it's like taking a master class she is. By far the most of -- ", 'next dream destinations. It is an honor during the great designer heels Mandela some red carpet favorite. Amy Adams  Laura Linney  Kate Hudson Paul his stunning gallons on big nights from lab Well. Lose the and. The fan of his surprise me. It shows ', 'great -- -- designer heels Mandela some red carpet favorite. Amy Adams Laura Linney Kate Hudson -- Paul -- his stunning gallons on big nights from lab -- -- -- Well. Lose the and. The fan ']