['June 15: We will devote the full hour to highlights of Tim\'s remarkable life and career on "Meet the Press" with a handful of people who were among those who knew and loved him best. Tom Brokaw will lead the special tribute to his friend and colleague.', ' with those four words, and those were the words that he was preparing to record when he collapsed and died on Friday at these ', ' has been stilled and our issue this sad Sunday morning is remembering and honoring our colleague and our friend with some of the men and women who worked with him and appeared here on ', ', so many moments that shaped and defined him and our nation. But, in this hour that ', ' occupied so proudly and did so well, we will focus on the remarkable things that he did right here on ', '," of which he said he was only the temporary custodian. For 17 years, of course, he was so much more than all of that. His great friend, the ', ' recordings of the people who have passed through these studios -- who they were, how they evolved and what they became.', ". We had diaries, we had letters. That's what allows historians to re-create those people who lived then. In this ", ' years from now is not just the questions he asked, not even just the answers he got, but which people were able to acknowledge errors, which people ruffled under his questions, which ones could ', ' a laugh. You\'ll get the temperament of these people. They\'re going to come alive. You know, he loved that "', ' Minute" at the end, where the history could come back. And I keep imagining that maybe four or five election cycles from now, when we\'re in our 80s, we\'ll be dragged back to a bunch of young journalists and, and they will, they will say to us, "You knew ', '? You were there with him?" And we\'ll be able to know that we knew this man with this boyish enthusiasm. That\'s what the records won\'t show, but we\'ll know that.', 'What we should hope when we get into our 80s, however, is that they will not bring back some of the judgments that we made here on ', ', and it\'s going to be our mantra for this morning. It says, "Thou shall not whine." And if I could add, I think, anything to that, thou shall not weep or cry this morning. This is a celebration, a time to remember. And if there was a signature for ', ", the questions were tough but always fair. Let's take a look at some of those questions, tough and fair, over the years here on ", 'Are these the kinds of things that governors should know, who the largest employers are, how many people live below the ', ': If I can defend every word that I speak and every word that I speak is truth, then I have nothing to apologize for.', "I think it's a -- that's an interesting question. Please elaborate on that a little bit. A war of choice or a war of necessity? It's a war of necessity.", '. There was no water, no food, no beds, no authorities there. There as no planning.', ' back and do an after-action report. But the time right now is to look at what the enormous tasks ahead are.', "Look, I was asked -- I shouldn't have said that, so you're going to -- I've been in ", " 25 years. You're going to find a lot of these, and it seems you've found them all here.", "No, I'm just trying to set the record, I'm trying to give you a chance to respond, which is fair.", ', because he was a father to so many of us, the whole bureau there and all the young journalists. And when I went to ', ', you don\'t have to come. I, I  don\'t really need you. I can handle this myself." He said, "No, you need me. I need to produce for you, I need to cheer you up, I need to be there for you." He actually ', ' to go along for the ride. But he, he prepared probably better than I did for the interview, and I remember how excited he was to be there, the intrigue, getting up in the middle of the ', " and making sure that I knew everything I needed to ask him. And I think he, he was that kind of person, as we've talked about, and I think as everybody's talked about -- thorough, excited, a lover of history, as ", " himself. But he was great fun, he was a great companion. And, really, he saw himself as a mentor to me and, I think, to so many others, and I think that's why he was so beloved in our organization and out.", ', it was always stunning to me that candidates would appear here and think that they were going to get away with something. I mean, you worked with...', 'Somebody that came on the show unprepared. You know, if, if you come in, and you\'re prepared and you say some things, you\'re right, you\'re going to get crossed up a little bit and sometimes you say, "Yeah, you know, I changed my mind." And he was always amused and kind of liked that. I, I, I  think that the biggest insult to him was that someone would come on here and wasn\'t prepared for the show, didn\'t take his show seriously, that he -- he did have the most serious show on television. And if you came on, it didn\'t matter if you were a Republican or Democrat, or you were a liberal or conservative, if you came prepared he, he -- it was going to be a good interview. And, and I would say any candidate that would ever come on this show, just be prepared, don\'t be frivolous and, and, and take the questions that -- and you -- and he never comes at you. He\'s a very -- it was a very easy show to ', ', you knew his, his thing was going to be entitlements, you knew his things were going to be past statements, you knew, you knew where he was coming from. So it was -- at once it was a very hard show, but you could ', ', a lot of people on the left and the right say "This guy\'s just unfair to my people." I always ', ' in terms of how he treated the candidates whether they came from the left or the right.', "Yeah, this is where you separated the men from the boys, right? You weren't, you weren't a candidate till you came on this show. If you ever had anything to say, just coming on this show -- if you were an incumbent. You came here, that meant you had something to say. And ", ' for in the sense that there was no "gotcha," but it was not easy, because you had to be 10 questions deep, because he was going to be 12 questions deep, and he didn\'t want, he didn\'t want to surprise you. He ', ' you to know where he was going, and he would say "I want to give you a chance to -- you messed this up last time. I want to ask you again so you can clean it up." It was his purpose to, to inform and ', ' is so right about this. The people that messed up here -- I think one of us said this earlier -- they messed themselves up, ', ', and that was his needle, his compass. And the next thing he would do is grab me and say, "What do we have for next week? What\'s the show?"', ' talking about preparation, and candidates being prepared coming on here, there was nobody more prepared than ', ' himself when people would come on this show, and he would spend -- and he called it a luxury -- he would spend all week preparing for this show, reading everything. He never once sat in that chair unprepared. He would ', ", which a lot of people didn't have a full appreciation of, were so important to him because this ", 'Absolutely. And the way he would structure the questions was very lawyerly. We -- he, he always knew how a candidate was going to respond, and he was, he was prepared enough to know that. And he would sketch it out in his mind:"I\'m going to ask A, that\'ll get us to B, that\'ll get us around to C, and then there\'s D." And he, he knew how to get you into that cycle, and he was very skilled at that.', ' journalists would have something to operate from. They would have a whole foundation, right?', "It's true. Everybody would come to work on Monday morning and decide, OK, the, the plate had been reset, especially in politics, every week based on what had happened on ", '. And for the politicians you covered, the plate had also been reset. You know, when you watch the way ', " did his job, I mean, you knew he had to be prepared. You knew that he expected answers. But he didn't do it with banality, and he didn't do it in a lordly, smug way. So you always -- to me, it was, it was a -- you could study, as a journalist, the way you ask a question and then the way you listen for an answer. ", " heard that. A lot of journalists would just keep going. And so he was always -- and because, bottom up. And because he was so fundamentally curious about people and about issues, he knew instinctively what it was that you had said which was going to be interesting to people at home. If you don't have the curiosity, it shows.", ' for people who came here, because in the hearts of minds of even the most lowly elected official, they think,', ' that. So he would always ask, "Are you running?" Let\'s take a look at some of that.', 'Will you, will you say categorically this morning that you will not run for president in ', "Man: ...I -- I've said many, many times I'm majority leader, I'm enjoying being majority leader, that's what I'm doing.", 'Oh, but that\'s a -- that\'s -- no intention? Either "I will never run" or "I might run."', ' will ask you this 900 different ways." But the answer is the same. I, you know, I do not intend to do that.', " and my desire to retire our supremely selected president, I've decided to run as an independent candidate for president.", " and everyone else has said, there's, there's no way people could really comprehend the depth of planning and preparation that ", ". And I can tell you, old pal, from the heart, that I, I can certainly comply with one half of your request. I won't whine, but I can't commit...", ' to not crying. Because we sit here on this set with this in the backdrop. And, as ', '. He loved it as a vehicle, an educational vehicle for everyone out there. For everyone out there. For ', '. And we will all continue, but it will just never, ever be the same; although I will hear his laugh forever.', 'And "This is wild," which is another favorite comment that he would say at the end of a ', ', earlier than anybody else who ever prepared for these broadcasts, like, 6, 6:30. Right, ', 'And he would rehearse the questions. I mean, he would read them out and, and look to the camera and do them, and anticipate as she...', 'Yeah. Well, he, he had that -- he, he would have made a great prosecutor. And in the sense, sometimes, although always quite fairly, as ', ' pointed out, he was a prosecutor on behalf of the public good here. He was going to get to the news, he was going to get to the story, he was going to get to the truth. And he knew how to do it skillfully and fairly, and never condescendingly. And there was always attached to ', '." He was also the great uber priest. I would actually get a pass from my own pastor not to go to church on Sundays if I was going to be on ', ". Talk about being prepared, he'd hound you for months on end. And he would always call me, I remember, after -- when ", ' was running then after he was elected, he would call me all the time to check on me, see how I was doing. Then he\'d kind of veer the question to, you know, "', ' needs to come on the show. He can\'t get respect until he comes on the show. It\'s a rite of passage. He needs to be on this show. And, you know, he\'s not going to be anybody until he comes on this show." And', ' to go on that show. And people were equally terrified, I think, to go on that show. And they also prepared, because, as everybody said, they knew ', "And I loved the way he -- he'd go after people to get on that show. He really worked that angle just as much as being prepared once they finally agreed.", ', I want to get your take on this, because I always believed that he, that he elevated ', ' by working first in politics, because he saw it from the other side. He knew how political people saw ', ' that they could manipulate it. And he knew, not just where the bodies were buried...', '...he knew where the earmarks were buried, he knew where the votes had been taken. And if some candidate ', " -- he loved politics. I -- when I used to run campaigns, the first question I'd ask somebody I ", ' to work is, "Do you like politics?" And if they didn\'t, I had no interest in hiring them. I don\'t care how many degrees they had or what they did. And people need to understand this about ', ". And he would sit and we would talk literally every day but Friday. I generally wouldn't call him on Friday, because he was -- that -- you know, ", ', he was in the zone. We\'d talk sometimes two, three times a day, and he\'d say, "You see what this guy\'s doing over here?" or "What do you think about this?" or "Why don\'t they say that?" He never got out of -- he always was in politics. He, he went into ', " that, that he, he -- look, the thing about -- I just, one thing I want to say is the question I'm most often asked about ", ' is, is he as really a good guy as he looks like? And the truth is, he was a better guy. He was really a better guy than even you think he was. And the ', "And an enthusiasm for sports, for politics, he just -- I no -- I didn't have a friend that I could like just talk about politics or a move or what someone was doing, or what ", ' was doing and what the effect of that was going to be three things down the line, or, or how ', " was, you know, he just -- it's just stunning the, that somebody had that passion and that depth of the subject and...", 'Absolutely. I mean, he was able to become an objective journalist, SO he had passions inside of him. You know, I think what ', ' that being with him with his shining personality and his bouyant sparkle was like opening your first bottle of champagne. I think we felt that with ', ' was to him the highest profession. He, he, he set the standard. You know, the old days you had ', " did was to make that transition to the world of relationship talking. That's what so much television is now, talking. Think about how no ", ' in this show. What it had were people sitting around the table and talking, talking like you might have talked 200 years ago but with civility in a time of polarized ', '. And you know what, they did know him because he was a spectacular guy, and he was a ', 'I always said that people asked me about his wardrobe, and I said he actually has three tailors. ', '. A lot of candidates who waltzed into these studios, crawled out of here, their hopes were left on this studio floor. And we want to ', 'No. No way. The vice president has two duties. One is to inquire daily as to the health of the president, and the other is to attend the funerals of third world dictators. And neither of those do I find an enjoyable exercise.', "I have. I've, I've shown them -- they're available to you to come and look at. I think that's a very unfair characterization by that person. I mean, politics is politics.", "Well, I think we all know that. We lived through it, didn't we? And it's something that was very painful and very hurtful.", "] is refreshingly blunt when he tells me, `I'm going to be honest: I know a lot less about economics than I do about military and ", ', by the fact that so many politicians came here and became deer caught in the headlamps, that when ', ' would come after him in that civilized but persistent fashion, it would have been helpful to the candidates if they would have said from time to time, "You know what, ', "It's -- they were double dumb if the got caught in the headlights, because, you know, we're all talking about how much he liked politics. He genuinely liked politicians. He respected politicians. He knew that they got blamed for everything, got credit for nothing. He knew how much they meant. He never treated them with the cynicism that attends some of these interviews. So they had a place to be loved. He ", " who they were. They were a combination, as was he, of idealism and realism, so if you messed up on this show, it was nobody's fault but your own.", ' loved politics and loved politicians, and he loved baseball and football and basketball, because he could summon up winners and losers, and, and a score at the end of the game, you know, whether it was election ', ', you can learn. But what you know, they can never learn." And there was so much of that in ', ". If he'd gone into politics, he certainly would have been a governor and maybe president of the ", '. He had enormous ambition, and people need to know about that, and I mean it in the right sense of the word. He had this path that he could never have imagined as a working-class kid from ', ", that would take him to the summit, and he wasn't going to, he wasn't going to forfeit his opportunities along the way.", "And ambition, ambition is a worthy thing, though, if it's put in the purpose of the ", "And I think it's important for people to understand that. You know, a couple weeks ago when ", ' had once said to me that, if her children who died young, could to come back, meaning ', ", they would still choose the lives they've been given to lead even though they had shortness of years because they had such productivity, such achievement. And ", ' said to me, you know, "I would feel that way, too. If I, if I didn\'t have any more right now, I\'ve had the life that I\'ve ', ' grow up. I want to see him have a child. I want to have him be a father." And I just keep thinking about how extraordinary his life was, just as ', '." The people around him loved him, so he led a full life. He just wasn\'t give the length of years that he deserved.', '. And he brought to this table, to this form, to his life, elements of what we used to call working priests, ', ", dealing with people who were damaged, the most vulnerable among us. That's what he brought to his life, this ", ', one of the things I -- that reminds me of, one of the -- this has been a horrible weekend, and one of the most calming, soothing things was told to me by a friend of ours who used to work with this ', ' who were all talking to each other and always told stories, and he was a great Irish storyteller. But that she was comforted by the idea that somewhere, ', ', are standing, they\'re holding the door open, saying, "Catch me up on what\'s been going on. I hear it\'s been a great year."', "You know, I don't -- the only comfort I found in the, in the events of the last several days is that, in many ways, this is the greatest year of ", 'And he did not want that primary season to end. He just -- I mean, we would say, "OK, this is the last Tuesday ', '. There can\'t possibly be..." "No, bring it on. More, more, more, more!" you know. And, and he just -- that enthusiasm that he brought to it, and he loved, he loved every minute of it. He loved every minute of it.', ' has indicated, he was a real baseball aficionado, loved big events, loved going to the all-star game with ', ". He didn't play golf, but he loved the idea of being around great athletes. And he was a real rock 'n' roll aficionado. And nothing -- he was more proud of this, I think, as a ", ", he brought this kind of unknown but promising rock 'n' roller to campus. He was a concert promoter. The guy's name was ", ". I watched him hold our politicians' feet to the fire on many Sunday mornings. He was always a strong ", '. Beyond that, he was a good father, husband and a good guy. He was a regular at many ', " shows, and I'm going to miss looking down and seeing that big smiling face in the crowd. ", "'s life is that he shared the influences on his life with the rest of us. There was a remarkable woman by the name of ", '. As he put it, he was at the back of the room with spitballs and rubber bands and generally not paying as much attention as he needed to, to what was going on in the front of the room. And she went to him and said, "We need to channel those energies, Mr. ', ', then, he shared with the rest of us. I still have a continuing correspondence with her, talked to her over the weekend. We mourned together on the telephone.', ', as I was. But I think he was really formed by the nuns, as so many people of our age who went to ', ' coming over and introducing himself, putting his arm around me and said, "Look it, we\'re ', ". We're going to stick together. And one of the most important people in my life I want you to meet is ", ', and he would introduce her around to everybody. He would credit her with his interest in ', '. He was so occupied with her meeting everybody that he knew and making sure that everybody in his life knew her influence on him. And I ', " that, because the nuns always got a bad rap. And he was always trying to give a good rap to the influence of the nuns. And I, I can't think of him without thinking of ", ', he was a surrogate uncle to our children, to my daughters and a godfather to, to ', ' when I called her the other day with the sad news. And I like to point out to her, when I go into her apartment, she has ', "'s book on the top of the stack and not my book. So that, that tells you where the ", "Oh, that's a terrible metaphor. I -- since somebody's already sawed one of them off.", "I think that we, you know, in the interest of the audience as well, I've always said that -- and, and, and ", ' had what I call 20/20 vision. He could see from 100 yards away a small, critical comment made about him in some newspaper or in some magazine. And he had that strong Irish gene, "Never forgive, never forget."', " had a pen and a piece of paper, and he took names and numbers. And eventually, he'd cross...", ' did not mind, really, being challenged. There was an episode a -- last year at this time, actually, when ', ' called and said, "Do you want to come and talk about it?" And I said, "I don\'t know if that\'s a good idea because what I might have to say, ', ' called and said, "No, no. You need to come and say what it is you believe." And he allowed me to come into his ', 'All right. But we -- do we have that -- we have the actual tape, I think, of him.', ', who could have spoken up and said, "I find this offensive" or "I didn\'t know." These people didn\'t speak up. ', 'My point about that -- after that, a lot of people said, "Oh, you spoke truth to power. You really got in ', '\'s grill that day." And I said to every single person, you know, "I don\'t know anybody who would have said, `Come on in my ', "encouraged Because it was OK to disagree because it taught him something he didn't know. It opened his mind, which he ", ", if you want power. And the incredible thing was, he was feared by the people who came on here because they didn't want to screw up, but on the other hand he was loved. I mean, he managed to do both things, which was so rare, to have authority and love.", ". He never -- and that's not always across the board in this town. He never left anybody. He stood up for his ", " and took care of them. And unlike most of this town, which is transactional, you weren't just his friend when you were in. If you were out of ", ', he still called you and he still was -- he just was loved because he was such a lover of people.', "He had, he had that reservoir of loyalty that so few people have. And I would think, especially in this city where I don't live but I've always likened it to what I call elevator loyalty, if you and I are going to the sixth floor to the first floor and I'm your friend and I'm very loyal, we get out you go that way, I go that way and I'm killing you half a block away. ", ' was loyal. He was loyal. You were his friend. He admired you or he liked you or whatever, he would remain loyal to you through thick and thin, through -- ', ' and Me." And even though he rose to the heights, being one of the most important journalists in ', ', had all the good fortune that goes with the success that he had, he never forgot his ', ". I think it's huge testimony to how they felt about him in his hometown. And we ", ' the fish. Hold the e-mails, I know dolphins are mammals, but, you know, squish the fish.', ' just scored? I\'m so happy for you." And I go like, "Man you got to go to sleep, you got to do the show tomorrow." If, if you were pulling for a team and you were a friend of his, he\'d be for the team. You know, everybody.', ', phone rings."Hey, buddy, do you see what\'s going on out there? You see the run they\'re putting on?"', ' will win it. And I looked at him, and I said, "Look, I think you\'ve crossed the line here." And he said, "No. I think -- I feel strongly about that," you know, "and I\'m urging everybody to pray." And, and he said, "I\'ve invoked the entire ', ' and I said, "You know what this proves?" And he said, "What?" And I said, "God is a ', 'Well, you know, the other thing is that he\'s what they call in the sports business a "homer." I mean, he, you know, he was for the ', ' had a 50th birthday eight years ago, and this is a distinguished American historian in a way that you have never, ever seen her before. Ladies and gentlemen, ', ', "I\'ll never be able to do it." And sometime, you put that stupid thing around your neck and you have a wig on, you become another person, at least for a few moments.', " would do the show, I, I'd be sitting there, and we'd be on the -- back and forth, back and forth, we'd be talking about who did well, you know, what their weaknesses were. This one's got a chance to go. I remember who -- a candidate whose name I will not use here, who came waltzing in here one day and crawled out the door. I mean, he ", 'He, he, he just asks -- and political consultants do this, and you, you, you have a candidate that goes on a show, you, you try to predict the questions. You, you -- what the -- you could predict the questions the highest on ', "Well, the fact is, I believe he made all the candidates, just as I believe this long primary season's made all the candidates better, I think ", 'He made journalists better, too. I mean, one of the other postmortems that happened was around this table after every ', ', but often what had happened in our reporting. I learned more things -- some of them reportable, some of them not -- around this table because that was part of the ritual. Part of the ritual was, "What do you know? What do you know?" That\'s what ', ' would always say to you. And often people -- sometimes guests would come out and join us. And those were sometimes the most fascinating conversations I had all week.', ', he was -- we talk about his ambition and his friendships and his loyalty. He was ambitious for his ', ". I, I'm struck by all the colleagues, everyone is just so -- he was ambitious for the interns, he's ambitious for his ", ". If you had a book, he'd put you on one of his shows. He tried to help everybody. He ", ' everybody to do their best. Another unique thing about this town, which is -- can be ', ". If you're up, somebody else has to be -- he enjoyed everybody's success, and he pulled for everybody's success. And he put them in positions to succeed, starting with the interns. And after the show, after the postmortem, he would not sit down to the -- have the ", 'He would always -- I -- he always said this. He always said the best exercise for the ', ' up. And he not only picked us up, but he held us up every week, and, as the backbone of the show.', " and I've talked about this a lot, because we've shared so many common roots. I think it's really a testimony to his working-", '." I mean, his working-class roots -- it\'s, it\'s such- -well, almost everyone says it, you know, don\'t forget where you came from. And he never forgot where he came from. But where ', ", was much more than that. It was -- he had a missionary's zeal about him for people, for everyone, for lifting people up, for helping people in ", ", whether you were his friend or whether you were a complete stranger. I, I, I -- and I know you could do the same thing, I can't begin to tell you the numbers of people who he knew who had a child who might be damaged in one way or another, and ", 'He had to -- he had that touch. He just knew that -- who needed to be lifted up, who needed to be helped, and he was, he was the strongest man. He had the strongest, biggest heart.', " commentary that came the Sunday after 9/11 that I think summarizes that better than any of us are able to. Here's ", '. "May the Lord bless and keep you and show his face to you and have mercy on you." That is the way of ', " and his interest in their -- people's children. I think one of the things that always struck me about ", ' in God, his belief in prayer. He always carried a rosary around. And he would always say to you, you know, "I\'m going to pray for you, I\'m going to pray for your ', ', I\'m going to pray for your uncle." And you knew he meant that, that he actually would really do it. And he would always talk, as you all know, about standing on his father\'s shoulders. And I think he was so interested in people\'s parents, and as people\'s parents grew older, he would always call me and say, you know, "How are you doing? How\'s your mother doing?" when he heard my mother was sick. He\'d ', ' his own struggles with his parents, or the loss of his mother, or caring for his dad, ', ', was really unique in him. I think -- you know, people will tell you all over the ', ' and in that building, that he knew about their parents, he knew about their children, he knew about what medications their parents were on, and his whole belief that we all stand on ', ' to say that because it, it meant so much, I know, to me, and I know to so many of the people that watch this show and that are in that room with you.', "There's a word that is used so often these days as a test for national character in politics or in culture or whatever, and the word is authenticity. And our friend was as authentic as any ", ' to the bond of father and child. He explored the generational differences, from the ', ' experience as a dad. And he touched off a national dialogue within families and communities about the enduring lessons of fatherhood, for dads and their offspring alike.', 'Away from this setting, he had no greater calling and no greater pride than fulfilling his obligation to ', ', as her husband, and also as a son and as a father. He shared that well beyond his relationship with ', ', which is best expressed by honoring your father, and if you are a father, by being a good dad, this Sunday and all the ', ', and then be a good lawyer here, or a good teacher here, and that would be the extent of, of, of fulfilling my dream.', 'I am blessed with the opportunity to spend an entire week reading and thinking and preparing for ']