['Girlfriend and "Glee" co-star Lea Michele shared part of her relationship with late actor online.', 'Lea Michele , Cory Monteith\'s girlfriend and "Glee" co-star, releases statement on his death.', 'janis has the story. Reporter: "Glee" co-creator says the decision to delay the start of the show by a week was made by  lea michele . In tv line, murphy says she was adamant that they get back together sooner rather than later so mortgages could be paid ', 'delay the start of the show by a week was made by lea michele . In tv line, murphy says she was adamant that they get back together sooner rather than later so mortgages could be paid ', "are daunting. Monteith's finn hudson was beloved by an audience that not only enjoyed the characters' relationship with  lea michele 's rachel, but knew they were together in real life. It's going to be extremely tough for this young lady, to carry ", "beloved by an audience that not only enjoyed the characters' relationship with lea michele's rachel, but knew they were together in real life. It's going to be extremely tough for this young lady, to carry on ", "all-american good guy, who dated his on-screen love,  lea michele . And the gritty kid who started using drugs at 13. Dropped soon-to-be released film playing a drug addict. Late tuesday,  lea michele 's publicist released a news statement. Lea has been grievin ", 'double-life. There was the all-american good guy, who dated his on-screen love, lea michele . And the gritty kid who started using drugs at 13. Dropped out of school young, and sought help in rehab as recently ', "monteith in a soon-to-be released film playing a drug addict. Late tuesday, lea michele's publicist released a news statement. Lea has been grievin alongside his family and making appropriate arrangements with them. They are supporting each ", 'love you. Reporter: In early 2012 monteith found his love life imitating art when he began dating his on screen girlfriend  lea michele . She even talked about the fact that he was so talented and he was so inspiring and motivating for her. Reporter: But earlier ', 'love life imitating art when he began dating his on screen girlfriend lea michele . She even talked about the fact that he was so talented and he was so inspiring and motivating for her. Reporter: But ', "involved. They were drinking lemonade. Seemed fantastic. Seemed very happy. And clearly I think, you know, he was with  lea michele  in a relationship. She was in mexico on vacation. Clearly people around him felt he was okay to be by himself. He wasn't ", 'Seemed very happy. And clearly I think, you know, he was with lea michele in a relationship. She was in mexico on vacation. Clearly people around him felt he was okay to be by himself. He ', "Interactive Thriller Movie; 'Glee' Cast Members Chris Colfer, Lea Michele  Corey Monelith Leaving", "A lot to talk about in our pop news heat index first up there's a new concept in film making that is. Has everyone abuzz it's a little different than the way Martin scored probably does that the director of a new horror movie called inside double star Emmy Rossum. He's using social media to", 'GQ magazine footage shows  Lea Michele  wielding a stick beside "Glee" co-stars.', 'Plenty of our favorite couples met on set. Soap stars kelly ripa and mark consuelos. And "glee" couple cory monteith and  lea michele . Seems to have led to an unscripted relationship today. For "good morning america," rachel smith, abc news.', 'stars kelly ripa and mark consuelos. And "glee" couple cory monteith and lea michele . Seems to have led to an unscripted relationship today. For "good morning america," rachel smith, abc news. ']