['died earlier this month. Twentieth Century Fox Television says "Glee" co-star and Monteith\'s real-life girlfriend  Lea Michele  (LEE\'-uh mih-SHEHL\') and show creator Ryan Murphy gathered the show\'s cast and crew for a memorial on Thursday ', 'show. Finn also had an off-and-on romance with fellow student and singer Rachel, played by his real-life girlfriend  Lea Michele . Monteith had been candid about his struggles with addiction, which included a rehab stint several months before his death ', "'Glee' Co-Creator Told Cory Monteith: 'Your Life Is More Important Than Any Stupid TV Show'", 'none other than Monteith\'s on-and-off screen girlfriend  Lea Michele , show co-creator Ryan Murphy said. "She was very adamant staged an intervention for Monteith to get him help. See  Lea Michele  and Cory Monteith\'s Love Through the Years "Your life is ', 'involving heroin and alcohol, according to the British Columbia Coroners Service. Monteith was 31 years old. Related:  Lea Michele  Has Been Grieving With Cory\'s Family His death has been hard on McIlroy. "I don\'t like to talk about him - I don\'t ', "Members of Cory Monteith's family and his girlfriend,  Lea Michele , were present Tuesday as Monteith was cremated in Vancouver Monteith died with heroin and alcohol in his system. Related:  Lea Michele  Has Been Grieving With Cory's Family TMZ first broke the ", 'Jonathan Leibson/WireImage/Getty Images) "Glee" star  Lea Michele  has been mourning the death of her co-star and boyfriend to respect the privacy of Lea and Cory\'s family." See  Lea Michele  and Cory Monteith\'s Love Through the Years On Tuesday ', 'confirmed that he entered treatment once again for addiction. See  Lea Michele  and Cory Monteith\'s Love Through the Years His girlfriend of more than a year, "Glee" co-star  Lea Michele , 26, stood by him. "I love and support Cory," she said ', "singer Rachel Berry, played by his off-screen girlfriend  Lea Michele , propelled the series through four seasons. Over those four members at a wedding to perform the Bob Seger hit opposite  Lea Michele 's Rachel. 'Bye Bye Bye'/'I Want It That Way' After ", 'Parade magazine that he took "anything and everything" and was "lucky to be alive." In April, he checked into rehab .  Lea Michele  Asks for Privacy During \'Devastating Time\' "If I can, through my experience, shed light on the way out of a difficult ', 'When Cory Monteith and  Lea Michele  began working together on "Glee" in 2009, they insisted that their relationship was purely platonic. However, after a few ', 'privacy during this time of grief is greatly appreciated." Add to this the fact that Monteith\'s real-life girlfriend,  Lea Michele  , played his on-off-and-on-again love interest, Rachel, on the show. To have these actors work out their grief ', 'and an even more exceptional person." They said he was "a true joy to work with and we will all miss him tremendously."  Lea Michele , Monteith\'s "Glee" co-star and real-life girlfriend, asked for privacy upon hearing the news of his death. While ', 'on the show, simply tweeted, "no". That tweet was later deleted , but not before being retweeted thousands of times.  Lea Michele  , Monteith\'s girlfriend both on-screen and off, however, did not tweet. A statement from the 26-year-old star simply ', 'age 31, has left so many bereft. As many relieved their grief online, there\'s someone whose grief is a private matter.  Lea michele , monteith\'s co-star on "glee." And since 2012, his girlfriend. Come on, cory. Let\'s make this. It\'s nice ', 'relieved their grief online, there\'s someone whose grief is a private matter. Lea michele , monteith\'s co-star on "glee." And since 2012, his girlfriend. Come on, cory. Let\'s make this. It\'s nice seeing you. Reporter: What these ', 'Lea Michele , Cory Monteith\'s girlfriend and "Glee" co-star, releases statement on his death.', 'janis has the story. Reporter: "Glee" co-creator says the decision to delay the start of the show by a week was made by  lea michele . In tv line, murphy says she was adamant that they get back together sooner rather than later so mortgages could be paid ', 'delay the start of the show by a week was made by lea michele . In tv line, murphy says she was adamant that they get back together sooner rather than later so mortgages could be paid ', "are daunting. Monteith's finn hudson was beloved by an audience that not only enjoyed the characters' relationship with  lea michele 's rachel, but knew they were together in real life. It's going to be extremely tough for this young lady, to carry ", "beloved by an audience that not only enjoyed the characters' relationship with lea michele's rachel, but knew they were together in real life. It's going to be extremely tough for this young lady, to carry on ", "all-american good guy, who dated his on-screen love,  lea michele . And the gritty kid who started using drugs at 13. Dropped soon-to-be released film playing a drug addict. Late tuesday,  lea michele 's publicist released a news statement. Lea has been grievin ", 'double-life. There was the all-american good guy, who dated his on-screen love, lea michele . And the gritty kid who started using drugs at 13. Dropped out of school young, and sought help in rehab as recently ', "monteith in a soon-to-be released film playing a drug addict. Late tuesday, lea michele's publicist released a news statement. Lea has been grievin alongside his family and making appropriate arrangements with them. They are supporting each ", 'love you. Reporter: In early 2012 monteith found his love life imitating art when he began dating his on screen girlfriend  lea michele . She even talked about the fact that he was so talented and he was so inspiring and motivating for her. Reporter: But earlier ', 'love life imitating art when he began dating his on screen girlfriend lea michele . She even talked about the fact that he was so talented and he was so inspiring and motivating for her. Reporter: But ']