['adaptation of "50 Shades of Grey." Other famous rockers\' offspring being mentioned include Bono\'s daughter Eve Hewson and Phil Collins\' daughter  Lily Collins . Interestingly, Keough\'s ex, Pettyfer, has been mentioned to play Grey.', "Ellen von Unwerth Everyone knows that actress  Lily Collins  is the daughter of '80's rock star Phil Collins, but in a new interview with Glamour Magazine that will hit the stands June ", 'Tracers," which is set to premiere in 2014. He\'s has also been busy dating. The actor has been linked to Selena Gomez,  Lily Collins  and most recently, his former high school girlfriend, Sara Hicks. Lautner had a very public relationship with Taylor Swift ', "to live in a modern day town called Storybrooke, Maine.  Lily Collins  in Mirror Mirror (2012) Typically, Snow White's story Julia Roberts is surprisingly likeable as the Evil Queen and  Lily Collins  plays the wide-eyed and furry-browed Snow White, who ", 'Breaking Dawn - Part 1 Robert Pattinson, The Twilight Saga: Breaking Dawn - Part 1 Choice Movie Actress: Sci-Fi/Fantasy  Lily Collins , Mirror Mirror Vanessa Hudgens, Journey 2: The Mysterious Island Scarlett Johansson, The Avengers Jennifer Lawrence ', "the kingdom and its citizens have become destitute, while the Queen and her palace are doing just fine. Then there's  Lily Collins  (musician Phil's daughter) as Snow White. On her 18 th birthday, she seeks permission from her stepmother the Queen ", 'George Stephanopoulos all about her new role. "My version of the evil queen is just a lunatic, which is fun," she said.  Lilly Collins  plays Snow White, and Armie Hammer portrays Prince Charming, in the film directed by Tarsem Singh. Roberts said Hammer ', 'Actress  Lily Collins  , best known for playing Sandra Bullock\'s daughter in "The Blind Side," has been cast as Tarsem Singh\'s Snow White in the ', 'Lily Collins  explains becoming fairytale character, working with Julia Roberts.', "way of fake trailers starring everyone from magic mike's matthew bottomer opposite ex-gilmore girl alexis or snow white  lilly collins . Seems the buzz will keep on building all the way to the bank. And we're hearing angelina jolene and adrian lincoln being ", "from magic mike's matthew bottomer opposite ex-gilmore girl alexis or snow white lilly collins . Seems the buzz will keep on building all the way to the bank. And we're hearing angelina jolene and adrian lincoln being ", "wife flat that makes me so happy this is good way to start there. It is with a twist it's so it's more kind of the way  Lily Collins  who plays our Snow White I can think it's not group of more easily into back there. She brings this story of really a ", "is with a twist it's so it's more kind of the way Lily Collins who plays our Snow White I can think it's not -- group of more easily into back there. She brings this story "]