['US agrees to notify other nations before launching ballistic missiles , satellites', 'Satellite imagery indicates North Korea has been testing rocket engines, a sign it continues to develop its long-range ballistic missiles, a U.S. academic institute ...', 'China Is Helping to Arm Iran and Sidestep Sanctions Thanks to an Assist From North Korea', 'Senior U.S. diplomats pressed North Korea to halt its belligerent behavior and return to nuclear disarmament talks even as the isolated communist nation pushed ahead...', 'Amid mounting tensions with North Korea, the Pentagon has delayed an intercontinental ballistic missile test that had been planned for next week at Vandenberg Air Fo...', 'An interceptor missile launched from California on Wednesday failed to hit a target fired from a Pacific atoll 4,000 miles away during a test of an anti-ballistic mi...', 'Commander defends move to delay missile  test, says US can defend against NK launch', 'The top U.S. military commander in the Pacific on Tuesday defended the decision to delay a key missile test, saying the U.S. has already demonstrated its capabilitie...', 'The military shot down a Scud-type missile in another successful test of a new technology meant to knock down ballistic missiles in their final minute of flight, the...', 'Republicans are pressing President Obama to clarify what he meant when he told Russian President Dmitry Medvedev he\'d have "more flexibility" on missile defense afte...', "Decision to Shelve Missile  Shield Will 'Empower' Russia, Obama's Critics in Congress Say", "President Obama's decision to scrap former President George W. Bush's plans for a missile defense shield in Eastern Europe came under harsh criticism Thursday from s...", "Israel's Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu on Wednesday urged greater pressure on Iran over its nuclear programme as he met Japan's Foreign Minister Fumio Kishida in...", 'North Korea fired a barrage of short-range missiles off its east coast in a possible prelude to the launch of a long-range missile toward Hawaii over the U.S. Indepe...', 'U.S. Army Gen. Jack Keane, (Ret.), on reports Iran could develop and test an  ICBM  capable of reaching the U.S. in the next couple years.', 'A modern timeline of relations between the United States and North Korea is dotted with diplomatic fits and starts, economic sanctions, promises of understanding, hi...', "Four high-ranking Republican lawmakers criticized the Obama administration on Friday for three failed tests of the country's missile-defense system, saying budget cu...", "Russia hinted again on Monday it might be ready to discuss changes in the key Anti-Ballistic Missile Treaty which bans the Bush administration's plans to build a def...", 'Gen. Jack Keane (Ret.) on the report that Microsoft helped the NSA and FBI get around encryption.', "A look at North Korea's long history of buying, marketing and selling arms around the world", "There's a long list of countries known to have done weapons business with North Korea, but this week's revelation that Cuba sent it missile parts and weapons on a sh..."]