['The successful North Korean rocket launch of the Unha-3 was much, much different than any previous rocket or missile test conducted over the years by the Pyongyang R...', 'South Korea said Friday it is closely monitoring North Korean military sites because the communist nation may fire more missiles, amid speculation that a long-range ...', 'The Pentagon is designing a missile defense test program that would allow some of its elements, such as ground-based interceptors or airborne lasers, to be used in c...', 'India announced Thursday that it had successfully test launched a new nuclear-capable missile that would give it, for the first time, the capability of striking the ...', 'By the year 2015, as many as 100 Chinese nuclear missiles could be aimed at the continental United States, as could long-range nukes in Iran and North Korea, a new C...', 'Iran tested its most advanced missiles Monday to cap two days of war games, raising more international concern and stronger pressure to quickly come clean on the new...', 'Iran tested its most advanced missiles Monday to cap two days of war games, raising more international concern and stronger pressure to quickly come clean on the new...', 'Air Force test-launches intercontinental ballistic missile  from Calif. military base', 'The Air Force has test-launched a Minuteman 3 intercontinental ballistic missile from California.The ICBM lifted off from Vandenberg Air Force Base at 3:40 a.m. Wedn...', "U.S. Intelligence Confirms Kim Jong Il's Son to Inherit North Korean Dictatorship", "U.S. intelligence, utilizing signals intelligence and captured documents, has confirmed that North Korea's supreme leader, Kim Jong Il, has anointed his youngest son...", 'North Korea threatened South Korean passenger planes flying near its airspace on Thursday and accused the U.S. and South Korea of attempting to provoke a nuclear war...', "North Korea test-fired two short-range missiles Wednesday, an unsettling reminder of the reclusive communist regime's ability to cause instability in the region wher...", "Ever wish you could whisper in the president's ear? Give him advice on issues plaguing the nation? Well, here's your chance to tell the world what you would do if yo...", 'After claiming to successfully test-fire two short-range missiles during drills Sunday by the elite Revolutionary Guard, Iran will test-fire a missile on Monday that...', "President Obama's go-slow approach to missile defenses in Europe is stirring speculation that he is planning either to deep-freeze the costly project he inherited fr...", 'After claiming to successfully test-fire two short-range missiles during drills Sunday by the elite Revolutionary Guard, Iran will test-fire a missile on Monday that...', "KATHLEEN TROIA 'K.T.' McFARLAND: Obama Must Consider the Military Option on North Korea", 'By Kathleen Troia "K.T." McFarland National Security Expert/Former Deputy Assistant Secretary of DefenseNorth Korea snatched two American journalists and is holding ...']