['Canadian Killer Porn Star Luka Rocco Magnotta Arrested in Berlin Internet Cafe - ABC News', 'Canadian  Luka Rocco Magnotta, who allegedly videotaped the murder of his lover and mailed his body parts, has been captured in a Berlin Internet cafe, according to the Berlin Police Department.', 'Magnotta, 29, is wanted by Canadian authorities for first-degree murder and other charges.', "He has been the focus of an international manhunt for the murder of his Chinese boyfriend who he allegedly killed on videotape before posting the video online and mailing parts of Lin's body to Canadian government offices.", 'Kadir Anlyisli, a Turkish employee at Helin Internet Caffe in Berlin, told ABC News that a foreign looking man came into the cafe at around 12:30 p.m. Anlyisli gave the man, now identified as Magnotta, a username and password for a computer, but watched him carefully.', 'Anlyisli, 42, thought the man resembled the fugitive Magnotta, so as Magnotta perused YouTube, Anlyisli flipped through a newspaper to find a story and photo about the manhunt for Magnotta in order to confirm his suspicions.', 'When Anlyisli saw a police car passing by, he rushed to stop them and said, "I think there is a guy you are looking for inside the cafe."', '"At first, he tried to tell several different names, but at last he said, \'Okay, you got me,\'" Berlin Police spokesman Thomas Neuendors told ABCNews.com.', 'Anlyisli recalled Magnotta saying, "I am the one" when he finally conceded his identity.', 'Authorities had an arrest warrant for Magnotta and he was taken to prison at around 2 p.m. He is expected to make his first court appearance Tuesday, Neuendors said.', "The Montreal Police Department said in a statement that they received confirmation via Interpol of Magnotta's arrest this afternoon.", 'Magnotta was the subject of an Interpol "red notice" and on Sunday Interpol posted three photos of a man passing through security at an unidentified airport. In the photos, a man who appeared to be Magnotta was circled in red. The photos were removed from the website later in the day without explanation.', 'The victim was Chinese student Jun Lin, 33, who has been studying in Montreal since last July. He was last seen on May 24 and was reported missing to the Chinese consulate on May 29, according to the Montreal Police Department.', 'On the same day, a human foot was discovered by a receptionist who received a blood-soaked package at the Ottawa headquarters of the Conservative Party of Canada. A second package containing a hand was seized at a post office in Ottawa later in the day.', 'Meanwhile, a janitor in Montreal found a male torso in a suitcase behind a apartment building in the Cote-des-Neiges neighborhood. Magnotta was a resident of that building and Montreal police said that he was in a romantic relationship with Lin.', '"We know that the suspect and the victim knew each other. It was not a random attack," Lafreniere said. "[Magnotta] knew the victim. They were having an affair."', 'Magnotta has no prior criminal history that police are aware of. Authorities have confirmed that the mailed body parts did indeed belong to the torso that was found and that the body parts mailed to Ottawa originated in Montreal.', '"The state of the body is so bad. It was cut. It was dismembered," Lafreniere said. "This is a very hard case for us in terms of being extremely gross. We\'re still missing body parts."', 'Lafreniere said police do not currently believe that any of the missing body parts are in the mail, but said they are  working with the postal service while they investigate.', 'Magnotta has a heavy online presence, with a personal website filled with photos of himself and rambling essays titled "Cyber Stalking" and "Media Propaganda."', 'Lafreniere also said that "a video showing the complete murder" of Magnotta\'s lover was posted online.', '"We have no reason to doubt that that could be the killing," Lafreniere said, when asked about the video\'s authenticity.', 'Authorities have removed the original video, but Lafreniere said copies are still circulating on the Internet. He called the video and the crime "completely crazy and inhuman" and was baffled that people would continue to circulate the video.', 'There are also videos online that appear to show Magnotta killing cats and appearing in pornographic films.', '"We believe [Magnotta is] the same person seen on the web doing some porn movies and giving a hard time to some animals," Lafreniere said.', 'Magnotta also goes by the pseudonyms Eric Clinton Newman and Vladimir Romanov, according to the Montreal Police Department. He is white with black hair and blue eyes. He is 5-feet-10 and weighs about 135 pounds.INTERNATIONAL']