['"Scandal" star Kerry Washington announces her marriage to NFL star Nnamdi Asomugha.', "you could call it a surprise.  Kerry washington  is everyone's favorite on you're channeling a little  kerry washington . You look luscious and dynamite perhaps being a newlywed for  kerry washington  she'd be interested in this ", 'levity. It\'s not a scandal but you could call it a surprise. Kerry washington is everyone\'s favorite on the hit series "scandal" has quietly gotten married that nnamdi. Dating for a year. Nnamdi is a three-time ', 'issue of "vanity fair." I\'ve got to say you\'re channeling a little kerry washington . You look luscious and dynamite today. Luscious and dynamite. George, I\'ve never been -- and perhaps being a newlywed for kerry washington she\'d be interested in this survey. How does your man stack up agthe rest? Brand-new survey, 1100 were asked what makes the ', 'Our "instant index" on a friday night, a scandal? No but a secret wedding we\'re finding out about.  Kerry washington  getting married in a small ceremony. Tying the knot last week with SAN FRANCISCO 49ers PLAYER Nnamdi asomugha ', "night, a scandal? No but a secret wedding we're finding out about. Kerry washington getting married in a small ceremony. Tying the knot last week with SAN FRANCISCO 49ers PLAYER Nnamdi asomugha. Tiny turtles get a ", 'a break through for kevin spacey, making history the first online series to get a nod, in fact nine in all.  Kerry washington  got one for her role as 0 live va pulp. This was said about being nominated for game of thrones. You do honor to ', 'first online series to get a nod, in fact nine in all. Kerry washington got one for her role as 0 live va pulp. This was said about being nominated for game of thrones. You do ', "nomination you have to feel pretty good and how about  Kerry Washington  yeah getting that actress nomination in the category salmon though and what we big takeaways. So happy for  Kerry Washington  and I know is Chris studded it really is week she's ", "get a nomination you have to feel pretty good and how about Kerry Washington yeah getting that actress nomination in the category that has seven. Contenders that's how much -- -- once again and I know our guys we were talking it did to chris' point. You know and I'm not -- -- game of -- because I love the show. -- it you have production values now on on on -- especially in our drama categories. I mean these were watching movies every week salmon -- though -- and what we -- big takeaways. So happy for Kerry Washington and I know is Chris -- studded it really is -- week she's newly married on the cover -- fair. And now ", "caught on tape. Our index at a Friday night a scandal nobody private wedding we're just finding out about actress  Kerry Washington . Getting married in very small ceremony in Washington hit ABC show scandal. Tying the knot last week San Francisco ", "scandal nobody -- -- private wedding we're just finding out about actress Kerry Washington . Getting married in very small ceremony in Washington -- hit ABC show scandal. Tying the knot last week San Francisco 49ers players ", 'designers of america awards in new york city. Last night stars like sofia vergara looks incredible in emerald green,  kerry washington , my girl, yummy in yellow and jessica chastain glamorous all on hand to celebrate the designer who kept them looking ', 'city. Last night stars like sofia vergara looks incredible in emerald green, kerry washington , my girl, yummy in yellow and jessica chastain glamorous all on hand to celebrate the designer who kept them looking lovely. Hillary ', 'Hollywood actress gives 2013 commencement address at George Washington University.', "Much of your popcorn always stands in song there. It was and and a snippet of the song in your I Video's content video would have to read. It. Yes so you can't pretend song isn't in your life I hold that you do and I forgot to think about forgot. A ten day figure I did things some that however it", 'up on one of the greatest shows on tv right now, in my opinion. It\'s abc\'s hit drama, "scandal." We have  kerry washington  and tony goldwyn with us. We\'re going to talk to them in a moment. Politics is fashionable. Mr. President ', 'right now, in my opinion. It\'s abc\'s hit drama, "scandal." We have kerry washington and tony goldwyn with us. We\'re going to talk to them in a moment. Politics is fashionable. Mr. President. We can\'t. Reporter: ', 'We adore  kerry washington . As "scandal\'s" crisis manager extraordinary, olivia pope that. So funny. Such a great cast. Please welcome, everybody,  kerry washington . Kerry with us this morning. It had to be such a relief for you ', 'We adore kerry washington . As "scandal\'s" crisis manager extraordinary, olivia pope. In her new movie, a serious boyfriend she never told her family about shows up ', "don't remember that. So funny. Such a great cast. Please welcome, everybody, kerry washington . Kerry with us this morning. It had to be such a relief for you. We have seen you in comedies before. You ", 'Kerry Washington  joins her cast mates in discussing the big finale to season 2 of hit ABC series.', 'Kerry Washington , Tony Goldwyn and Katie Lowes join cast-mates in chat about hit ABC series.', "imagination let's like that. Just wondering eyes sets on one particular lady that sit across from me right now played by  Kerry Washington  there she is. She made her mark in movies like ray remember her and that yeah. Mr. and mrs. Smith and most recently ", 'one particular lady that sit across from me right now played by Kerry Washington there she is. She made her mark in movies like ray remember her and that yeah. Mr. and mrs. Smith and most ', 'haven\'t totally decided. But I have pretty good options. I\'m sure you\'ll be stunning no matter what you wear.  Kerry washington , good luck. The new season of "scandal" a week from tonight. It\'s exciting. We\'ll be tuned in for the show ', 'good options. I\'m sure you\'ll be stunning no matter what you wear. Kerry washington , good luck. The new season of "scandal" a week from tonight. It\'s exciting. We\'ll be tuned in for the show. Thank you. ', "I get it right whether its school. Work family we've all got a lot on our minds people say we've all heard people say I'm just too busy to think about politics but here's the thing. You may not be thinking about politics but politic is thinking about you. Big day. There are people out there trying", 'think anyone would hire her  Kerry Washington  joins us now via satellite his role. What I think partly  Kerry Washington  has no answers Pope does seem our hearts and souls into.  Kerry Washington  continued success is if looks ', "I think I would hire her I think anyone would hire her Kerry Washington joins us now via satellite. They're thanks so much for joining us today it looks like you have all -- dances around as what about this project made you say yes this is absolutely and I have to take his role. What I think partly -- -- Kerry Washington has no answers -- -- Pope does seem like she has all the answers so I love being able to play a ", "what we've been working on in pouring our hearts and souls into. Kerry Washington continued success is if looks -- a fascinating show. It premieres April 5 it'll air on ABC on Thursday night's all the ", "secrets. Actress and mom jessica alba sticks to organic food, mostly fruits and vegetables. It's done. Reporter:  Kerry washington  says her fitness routine is hardly a scandal. Constantly seeing herself on posters and the silver screen is motivation ", "alba sticks to organic food, mostly fruits and vegetables. It's done. Reporter: Kerry washington says her fitness routine is hardly a scandal. Constantly seeing herself on posters and the silver screen is motivation enough to stay "]