['Kim Kardashian  is a reality television star and model. She starred in the series "Keeping Up with the Kardashian," which profiled her family life with sisters Kourtney, Khloe, brother Rob Kardashian and Kendall and Kylie Jenner and parents stepfather Bruce Jenner and mom Kris Jenner.  The show inspired several other reality show spinoffs. Kardashian also launched several business ventures including clothing store Dash with her sisters, a perfume line and the Kardashian Kollection clothing line sold in Sears stores. She has also appeared on the show "Dancing with the Stars" In Aug. 2011 she married New Jersey Nets basketball player Kris Humphries. She filed for divorce from Humphries in Oct. 2011 after 72 days of marriage.', 'the magazine declined to comment Wednesday on the example set by Kate. Meanwhile, the summer\'s other celebrity mom,  Kim Kardashian , has yet to be seen in public. Us Weekly reported that she won\'t leave the house untill she\'s ready to "debut her post-baby ', 'the magazine declined to comment Wednesday on the example set by Kate. Meanwhile, the summer\'s other celebrity mom,  Kim Kardashian , has yet to be seen in public. Us Weekly reported that she won\'t leave the house untill she\'s ready to "debut her post-baby ', 'the magazine declined to comment Wednesday on the example set by Kate. Meanwhile, the summer\'s other celebrity mom,  Kim Kardashian , has yet to be seen in public. Us Weekly reported that she won\'t leave the house untill she\'s ready to "debut her post-baby ', 'paparazzi. The  Kardashians  are no strangers with girlfriend  Kim Kardashian  or their newborn encounters between the  Kardashians  and the paps love my Lam!"  Kim Kardashian  Since becoming first child,  Kim Kardashian , who rarely misses Keeping Up with the  Kardashians ," a pregnant ', 'name North... Maybe East West is more controversial. 6. They\'re waiting for the current season of Keeping Up With The  Kardashians  to be over (having the final episode be the baby\'s "unveiling" of course). 7. Kim is waiting to lose all the baby ', 'gave extensive interviews to The New York Times and W magazine. And West had his first child, daughter North West, with  Kim Kardashian  days before the album was released. "It\'s like the difference between making an art piece and something that\'s just ', 'Kim Kardashian  is loving her new role as mother Beautiful\' The "Keeping Up with the  Kardashians " star didn\'t forget about her millions her fans "With love." Related:  Kim Kardashian  Announces She\'s Having A Girl! North ', 'this morning. Jenner did, indeed, produce a baby at the end of her Fox talk show, but not the child of her daughter  Kim Kardashian  , who gave birth to baby North a month ago. The baby, Jenner revealed, belongs to her stylist, Monica Rose. The 57-year-old ', "a student research assistant for peeping on patients' private medical records in the days after reality television star  Kim Kardashian  gave birth to her daughter there. The hospital declined to identify the patients involved to the Los Angeles Times ( http ", 'Real Sharknado\' by a few people on Twitter, Wylder joked, "Like a less plastic Tara Reid. Or maybe one of the lesser  Kardashians ; maybe a third cousin twice-removed. Either way, my students at Malcolm X College are going to have a lot of fun with ', 'through to see some other encounters between the  Kardashians  and the paps.  Kim Kardashian  Since becoming pregnant with her first child On a recent episode of "Keeping Up with the  Kardashians ," a pregnant Kim turned the tables on a photographer ', 'Lakers Going After Lamar Odom ... Again? The world might soon find out how basketball player (and "Keeping Up With the  Kardashians " star) Lamar Odom feels about the idea of forgiving and forgetting. ESPN\'s Ramona Shelburne set the Internet abuzz when ', 'Naturally  Kim Kardashian  and Kanye West had a slew of visitors after their daughter North West was born on June 15, but joining the Kardashian clan and ', 'I\'m in church please no photos." Reporter: He was not with girlfriend kim kardashian or brand-new daughter north. WEST and LaMar odom had his own run-in this month on the streets of los angeles. Watch as ', 'Now to the big celebrity baby news,  kim kardashian  and kanye west have finally welcomed their baby girl. Littest worried or nervous. This season on keeping up with the  kardashians  -- in the most recent tease, kim appeared to be suffering ', "Now to the big celebrity baby news, kim kardashian and kanye west have finally welcomed their baby girl. Littest kardashian have arrived. They have a baby girl. She was born saturday morning. A little earlier than expected. Kanye was by kim's side for it. Reportedly five weeks earlieas looking forward to giving birth.'M not worried or nervous. This season on keeping up with the kardashians -- in the most recent tease, kim appeared to be suffering from appendicitis. Pains in my stomach. An episode earlier, she found ", 'Internet sensations, "3Golden Sisters," recreate the  Kim Kardashian  sex tape and twerk online.', 'websites have been chasing for months now. Supercouple,  kim kardashian  and kanye west are going to surprise their friends when they the news. In an upcoming episode of "keeping up with the  kardashians ," the world will finally learn the sex of kim\'s baby ', 'hollywood headline. The gossip websites have been chasing for months now. Supercouple, kim kardashian and kanye west are going to surprise their friends when they announce the sex of their baby at a bash in beverly hills tonight. Expecting parents all over america are getting more creative in how they break the news. In an upcoming episode of "keeping up with the kardashians ," the world will finally learn the sex of kim\'s baby. Let\'s see the sex of this baby. Reporter: But the news will ', "the names, except for harper. They keep -- you know, the one that didn't make the top ten list was north, much to the surprise of kanye and  kim kardashian . Thank you, linsey. Let's get some weather from sam. Hey, everybody.", "top ten list was north, much to the surprise of kanye and kim kardashian . Thank you, linsey. Let's get some weather from sam. Hey, everybody. "]