['But now the drama of real life comes charging in."  Kim Cattrall  Like the character Samantha she famously portrayed in "Sex and the City," star  Kim Cattrall  doesn\'t put much stock in a number. "I consider ', 'the other "Police Academy" stars have fared since the franchise\'s last installment. Warner Bros/Getty Images  Kim Cattrall  Cattrall\'s come a long way since 1984, when she played cadet Karen Thompson in the first "Police Academy" film ', 'Not long ago,  Kim Cattrall  sold sex. Now she\'s selling a butter substitute. The actress with the sultry smile who crushed men with stilettos as " Sex ', 'For years,  Kim Cattrall  attracted a huge fan base on "Sex favorite with viewers. And for a while,  Kim Cattrall  capitalized on the message of sexual of the same name. It seemed as if  Kim Cattrall  and Samantha Jones were one and the ', 'regret about not having children because I believe that ... it is the way it\'s supposed to be."  Kim Cattrall  "Sex and the City" star  Kim Cattrall  , 54, also reconsidered her desire to have children. In 2003, she told Winfrey\'s magazine O ', 'Director: Michael Patrick King Starring: Sarah Jessica Parker, Kristin Davis, Cynthia Nixon,  Kim Cattrall  Synopsis: Two years have passed since Carrie Bradshaw finally bagged John "Mr. Big" Preston, the man she was always meant ', 'Liza -- witnessing the grand dame of divas impersonate a disciple decades her junior is just depressing.) Samantha ( Kim Cattrall ) is wedded to her war against menopause, Miranda (Cynthia Nixon) is thinking about divorcing her job, Charlotte ', 'Carrie Bradshaw), Cynthia Nixon (Miranda Hobbes),  Kim Cattrall  (Samantha Jones) and Kirstin Davis (Charlotte York I\'m not that interesting, and you know that."  Kim Cattrall . \'Sex and the City 2\' Uncovered John Corbett, who ', 'movie, Samantha, who is going through menopause, admits she\'s over boy toys. "Who cares about 25?" actress  Kim Cattrall  , who portrays Samantha, says in the movie. "I\'m bored with 25. It\'s like a young wine. I hate Beaujolais ', 'movie, Samantha, who is going through menopause, admits she\'s over boy toys. "Who cares about 25?" actress  Kim Cattrall  , who portrays Samantha, says in the movie. "I\'m bored with 25. It\'s like a young wine. I hate Beaujolais ', 'struggling with our identities." In clips from the film, it\'s clear that Samantha, played by 53-year-old actress  Kim Cattrall  , is struggling with getting older. As Samantha, who is going through menopause, opens up a box of vitamins and supplements ', 'the baby food is fairly free of additives and fillers. And the best part, lunch can cost as little as 60 cents.  Kim Cattrall  -- The Facelift Diet Can you erase facial lines and depuff your eyes by eating just fish? Dr. Nicolas Perricone ']