['material, how I am an unattractive girl, how I am too tall, etc. I understand," the daughter of Alec Baldwin and  Kim Basinger  wrote Monday night on Tumblr. "I don\'t look as glamourous (sic) as [English model-actress] Rosie Huntington ', 'Just hit the half-way mark." The 29-year-old yoga teacher and host of Plum TV\'s " Yoga with a View " is expecting her first child with Baldwin, who is also father to 18-year-old Ireland Baldwin with ex-wife  Kim Basinger .', 'called his "choice of words." The pair are on better terms now for the sake of their daughters.  Kim Basinger  vs. Alec Baldwin  Kim Basinger  and Alec Baldwin \'s divorce drama paled in comparison to the fireworks set off during the custody battle ', 'It pays to be related to the stars. Michael Jackson\'s 16 year-old-son Prince is following in his father\'s Hollywood footprints and is working in the entertainment industry. Prince Jackson has landed a gig as special correspondent for "Entertainment Tonight." "I\'m looking to become well-rounded as a', 'don\'t run for [New York City] mayor." Baldwin has a 17-year-old daughter, Ireland, with his first wife,  Kim Basinger . He once had a strained relationship with his daughter. In a 2007 voicemail, he famously called Ireland "a rude ', "Vivienne Jolie-Pitt's Acting Debut, Plus 7 More Celeb Kids Mimicking Their Parents", 'It pays to star in an Angelina Jolie movie. Just ask her 4-year-old daughter, Vivienne Jolie-Pitt. It was announced last year that Vivienne -- one of six kids Jolie has with her fiance Brad Pitt -- will appear in her mom\'s Disney film "Maleficent," which tells the story of Sleeping Beauty from the', 'the first wedding for Hilaria, a yoga instructor, and the second for the "30 Rock" actor. He was divorced from  Kim Basinger  in 2002. He has a daughter from his previous marriage.', "David Beckham's son Romeo is following in his famous dad's footsteps, and we're not talking about the soccer field. Romeo, who turns 11 in January, is the star of Burberry's Spring/Summer 2013 ad campaign. Rocking a kids' trench coat and a big grin, he looks like a natural in front of the camera.", 'to hold back time with Botox and more, Hollywood stars who choose to age gracefully make headlines. The latest is  Kim Basinger  , who turned 59 on Dec. 8 and, according to her 17-year-old daughter Ireland Baldwin , is choosing a more natural ', 'anyone smoking cigarettes, most of all my daughter."  Kim Basinger  and Ireland Baldwin Alec Baldwin \'s daughter is beginning to look like the mirror image of her mom,  Kim Basinger . Baldwin stepped out with his 17-year-old daughter ', 'Janssen made her directorial debut with the Milla Jovovich and Bill Pullman fronted drama "Bringing Up Bobby."  Kim Basinger  Basinger made a living dabbling in modeling and TV gigs, but playing Domino Petachi opposite Sean Connery\'s Bond ', 'the composite of Sasha Fierce and late country icon June Carter, to help her overcome her fears.  Kim Basinger  Oscar-winning actress  Kim Basinger  has dealt with anxiety ever since childhood. "When I was a child, I remember the fourth grade ', "Hilaria Thomas and becoming a favorite of New York paparazzi, in part because she's the spitting image of her mother,  Kim Basinger . RELATED: Alec Baldwin's Biggest Outbursts Like her parents, she wants to pursue a career in acting. And if she ", 'signing with img. I can\'t even walk in heels as it is. Reporter: But the 6\'2" blond beauty and daughter of actors  kim basinger  and alec baldwin is following in her famous mother\'s footsteps but baldwin\'s career move has not come without hurtful ', 'it is. Reporter: But the 6\'2" blond beauty and daughter of actors kim basinger and alec baldwin is following in her famous mother\'s footsteps but baldwin\'s career move has not come without hurtful words from pundits ', 'where her mouth is continually and we applaud her. Ireland baldwin, wow, beautiful. 17 years old, the daughter of  kim basinger  and alec baldwin signed with img models and judging from these pictures taken of the 6\'2" stunner. Wow. She will ', 'applaud her. Ireland baldwin, wow, beautiful. 17 years old, the daughter of kim basinger and alec baldwin signed with img models and judging from these pictures taken of the 6\'2" stunner. Wow. She will be a ', "sort of protesting factory farming. Of turkeys were talking about Ellen DeGeneres Lisa Silverstone. Corey Feldman  Kim Basinger . awhile NBA champion John I think it's very interesting that he said that Turkey's. Our one of the most abuse ", "Of turkeys were talking about Ellen DeGeneres -- Lisa Silverstone. Corey Feldman Kim Basinger . -- awhile NBA champion John -- I think it's very interesting that he said that Turkey's. Our one of the most abuse ", 'supporting actress who and He says word of advice to all doctors out there. Ignore the music now. threatening and that is  Kim Basinger  wins Brett I love her she said the first thing was was shaking up there glasses I just want to thank everybody of government ', '-- -- Ignore the music now. -- -- threatening and that is Kim Basinger wins Brett I love her she said the first thing was was shaking up there glasses I just want to thank everybody ', "was that very next year He didn't return to present the supporting actress and she's advice. Take time. It was a  Kim Basinger  won for highly confidential giving up under the stage in saying this I just think every penny of government my entire ", "actress and she's advice. Take -- time. It was a -- -- Kim Basinger won for highly confidential giving up under the stage in saying this I just -- think every penny of government my entire ", "you can be I think will now you're this you're the second. Person who's been a bond girl who's won an Oscar  Kim Basinger . But. At this comes after all of this success and you say okay I'll just I'll be in a And I'll do the Ursula ", "the second. Person who's been a bond girl who's won an Oscar Kim Basinger . But. At this comes after all of this success and you say okay I'll just I'll be in a -- And I'll ", "larger issue of the relationship with He and his daughter you remember back in 2007. During this custody battle with  Kim Basinger  he'd be raided her on the Calder or rude thoughtless little pig and then had to do some damage control after that ", "his daughter you remember back in 2007. During this custody battle with Kim Basinger he'd be raided her on the -- Calder or rude thoughtless little pig and then had to do some damage control after "]