['ago in "Chances" and has brought them back for seven more books, most recently the 2011 release "Goddess of Vengeance." Two TV miniseries based on the series ran in the 1990s, with Nicollette Sheridan and  Kim Delaney  playing Lucky.', 'Michelle Gellar, Michelle Trachtenberg, Melissa Leo, Josh Duhamel, Eva LaRue, Christian Slater, Rosie O\'Donnell,  Kim Delaney  and Amanda Seyfried. Here\'s a look at other actors-turned-stars from soaps past and present, including "As ', 'Suspect: The Complete Collection," has just been released as a DVD. "NYPD Blue\'s" detective Diane Russell ( Kim Delaney ) was scarred by alcohol, as was Dani Reese (Sarah Shahi), on "Life." Is there a downside to these graphic ', 'abuse. Courtney Love lost custody of her daughter for more than a year after overdosing in front of her. And actress  Kim Delaney  lost custody of her son after he testified about her drunk driving. There is no celebrity standard here. Any parent ', 'nowhere to be found after the mysterious death of his girlfriend on the season finale, will be written off the show.  Kim Delaney  just ended her six-year run on Blue, while another alum, Andrea Thompson, has quit acting altogether and is now ', 'nowhere to be found after the mysterious death of his girlfriend on the season finale, will be written off the show.  Kim Delaney  just ended her six-year run on Blue, while another alum, Andrea Thompson, has quit acting altogether and is now ', 'nowhere to be found after the mysterious death of his girlfriend on the season finale, will be written off the show.  Kim Delaney  just ended her six-year run on Blue, while another alum, Andrea Thompson, has quit acting altogether and is now ', 'nowhere to be found after the mysterious death of his girlfriend on the season finale, will be written off the show.  Kim Delaney  just ended her six-year run on Blue, while another alum, Andrea Thompson, has quit acting altogether and is now ', 'nowhere to be found after the mysterious death of his girlfriend on the season finale, will be written off the show.  Kim Delaney  just ended her six-year run on Blue, while another alum, Andrea Thompson, has quit acting altogether and is now ', 'nowhere to be found after the mysterious death of his girlfriend on the season finale, will be written off the show.  Kim Delaney  just ended her six-year run on Blue, while another alum, Andrea Thompson, has quit acting altogether and is now ', 'members. Andrea Thompson (aka Jill Kirkendall) decided to become a news anchor and bailed at the end of last season.  Kim Delaney  (Diane Russell) ditched to star in her own show and Lt. Fancy fancied another job. Charlotte Ross and Esai Morales ', "tapping Saved by the Bell star Mark-Paul Gosselaar to appear as the latest Blue hunk. Schroder's love interest,  Kim Delaney , who ended her six-year run on Blue this year, has already moved to Philly, a new ABC series created by Bochco ", 'the game of life works. And as a good friend to play  Kim Delaney  she wants to make sure that on her husband the third Invited to play with them who they are so great and  Kim Delaney  I never how to sing together and All My Children did ', "game of life works. And as a good friend to play -- Kim Delaney -- she wants to make sure that on her husband -- the third start. Now because somebody's after that there start. -- ", 'be. Invited to play with them who they are so great and Kim Delaney I never how to sing together and All My Children did. Never and so this has been -- a joy for me ']