["controversy for abercrombie & fitch,  kirstie alley  blasting the store. She's not hearing from social media and now  kirstie alley  had harsh words for them overnight is reaching a fever pitch.  Kirstie alley  now slamming the store and its ", 'back now at 7:42 as a brewing controversy for abercrombie & fitch, kirstie alley blasting the store. She\'s not the only one and abc\'s rebecca jarvis has the story. Good morning to you, rebecca. Reporter: We\'ve been hearing from social media and now kirstie alley had harsh words for them overnight. Now a movement is under way to give the brand\'s clothing to the homeless. The backlash for the trendy clothing store, abercrombie & fitch, is reaching a fever pitch. Kirstie alley now slamming the store and its controversial ceo, in an exclusive interview with "entertainment tonight." He says apper courtroom by clothes are ', "Reporter: Scientology has long attracted celebrity adhe adheren adheren'ts. Come cruise, to john travolta to  kirstie alley . There's also been high-profile departures, including paul hag et. Church officials have left, too, accusing ", "long attracted celebrity adhe adheren adheren'ts. Come cruise, to john travolta to kirstie alley . There's also been high-profile departures, including paul hag et. Church officials have left, too, accusing the head of the church, david, of ", "more work going on here. George Lopez we don't know dance with the stars this week season twelve. And  Kirstie Alley  celebrate loves cars aren't out of this season when George Lopez went on his show a had a show on CBS called Lopez tonight ", "don't know dance with the stars -- this week season twelve. And Kirstie Alley celebrate loves cars aren't out of this season when George Lopez went on his show a -- had a show on CBS ", 'Kirstie Alley  who once starred in the show called. That actress appeared on the Oprah Winfrey Show today in a bikini certainly did Oprah says ', 'Kirstie Alley who once starred in the show called. That actress appeared on the Oprah Winfrey Show today in a bikini -- certainly did ', "date let alone Mary it has to be someone who's funny and and it enhances my life in a big way finish this sentence  Kirstie Alley  is. While. Still. I think I'm I I consider myself. Very eccentric. And I can honestly be sitting here we right ", "it enhances my life in a big way finish this sentence -- Kirstie Alley is. While. Still. I think I'm -- I I consider myself. Very eccentric. And I can honestly be sitting here we -- ", "decades since cheers went off the  Kirstie Alley . Became America's sweetheart judges and America alike. When  Kirstie Alley  came down those stairs didn't survive it's exhilarating.  Kirstie Alley  knows all about survival yet she's ", "decades release have been two decades since cheers went off the -- Kirstie Alley . Became America's sweetheart all over again last year on Dancing With The Stars. She quickly became a fan favorite -- her sense of humor and terrific chemistry with her partner Max but also the physical transformation we just watch the pounds. Seemed to melt away as Kirstie melted the hearts of the judges and America alike. When Kirstie Alley came down those stairs didn't. Dancing With The Stars she didn't exactly look like should be a front runner in the competition. ", "she can do it. -- If you can survive -- it's exhilarating. Kirstie Alley knows all about survival yet she's made millions from roles -- cheers. And from her work in the look who's talking films ", 'It was incredible to see her transformation and her journey I watch Kirstie Alley every week she would make some snafus and she always smile before I did this show I felt like I was. Complacent ', "confidential behind the scenes of dancing with the its.  Kirstie Alley  came down those stairs to Begin dancing. The stars she can do it if you can survive it's exhilarating.  Kirstie Alley  knows all about survival began his native skyrocketed ", "of danceable confidential behind the scenes of dancing with the -- its. Kirstie Alley came down those stairs to Begin -- -- dancing. The stars there were those who didn't think -- make it through one ", "do it -- -- if you can survive -- -- it's exhilarating. Kirstie Alley knows all about survival began his native skyrocketed to fame with roles on cheers and he. Handsome -- And and you -- ", "Welcome back everybody.  Kirstie Alley  kind of drop a little bit of a bombshell here she is a new book that's coming out November 13 called the art men apparently she's ", "Welcome back everybody. Kirstie Alley kind of drop a little bit of a bombshell here she is a new book that's coming out -- November 13 called ", "We begin to under pop news everybody wanted to Kinney Dancing With The Stars the all star season we'll have a this  Kirstie Alley . Looking so good this sultry and sexy and Scotty won her first rehearsal hall in Hollywood over the weekend she looks ", "Dancing With The Stars the all star season we'll have a this Kirstie Alley . Looking so good this sultry and sexy -- and Scotty won her first rehearsal hall in Hollywood over the weekend she looks ", 'We got hottest couples the stars right now  Kirstie Alley  at her partner Max would make dancing and you know chemistry into the rehearsal studio. To find out for myself.  Kirstie Alley  has taken to the dance floor. And what partner Kosuke ', 'We got -- -- hottest couples -- the stars right now Kirstie Alley at her partner Max would make dancing and you know chemistry. Between them like this -- stance now Max you know my former. Dance partners jealous type -- wonder how. The click so well I headed into the rehearsal studio. To find out for myself. Kirstie Alley has taken to the dance floor. And what partner -- -- -- Kosuke she has also taken our breath away with her ', "to that he's still Then what  Kirstie Alley . weight loss east title cut the product called organic liaison  Kirstie Alley . Quietly settling that lawsuit bought part of the settlement.  Kirstie Alley  was ordered to pay the woman and ", "really dramatic look forward to that he's still -- Then -- what Kirstie Alley . -- weight loss east title cut the weight loss things -- apparently she has settled a 130000. Dollar lawsuit. After making false claims that she lost a hundred pounds from diet product alone and this is -- product called organic liaison Kirstie Alley . Quietly settling that lawsuit. And apparently a 62 year old not she's 62 year old former. Start -- -- credited this product organic liaison. As the sole reason -- that 100 pound weight loss but it disgruntled customer -- last July and Clinton at product and mark and you bought part of the settlement. Kirstie Alley was ordered to pay the woman and her attorneys 130000. Bucks -- that's according to The National Enquirer. Settlement agreed. For removal ", "One  Kirstie Alley  George because stands up. His character Carrie Fisher and now Mariah Carey all have in common. They're all successfully lost ", "One -- Kirstie Alley George because stands up. His character Carrie Fisher and now Mariah Carey all have in common. They're all successfully lost week on ", 'After impressive performances,  Kirstie Alley , Maksim Chmerkovskiy take a spill.', 'Ralph Macchio,  Kirstie Alley  now top the leader board after wowing the ballroom.', "Kirstie Alley  rose to fame back in the late eighties on the comedy cheers and then a variety of other movies and in recent years she's had ", 'Kirstie Alley rose to fame back in the late eighties on the comedy cheers and then a variety of other movies and in recent ', 'Kirstie Alley  and our partner. Got off on the wrong foot you say drying gas from the audience on Dancing With The Stars have a parent tumbled ', 'Kirstie Alley and our partner. Got off on the wrong foot you -- say drying gas from the audience on Dancing With The Stars ']