['WASHINGTON (Reuters) - House of Representatives Speaker John Boehner told fellow Republicans on Sunday that he is considering a balanced-budget amendment to the Cons...', "Presidential candidate urges GOP to learn lessons of '95 and not allow debt ceiling increase without  Balanced Budget Amendment", 'In Debt Ceiling Debate, Republicans In Congress Should Not Cut a Deal Without a Balanced Budget Amendment ', "Uncle Sam's credit card is maxed out. On May 16, the United States will officially hit its $14.3 trillion statutory debt limit. President Obama is demanding an incre...", 'As a "supercommittee" tries to find $1.5 trillion in new deficit cuts this fall, Republicans will be pressing a far more ambitious goal: passing an amendment to the ...', 'What are the surprises in this Immigration Bill? How did Obama loose young voters? And NSA opens the doors on Capitol Hill', 'How social liberals won the battle on same-sex marriage. Obama vacation, er, Africa trip begins. More Scandal at IRS?', 'During the debt ceiling debate, Congress came close to passing Cut, Cap, and Balance, the one plan that would have finally forced the federal government to live with...', 'A proposed constitutional amendment that would require Congress to balance the budget failed in the House Friday, capping a months-long campaign by congressional con...', "The White House said on Wednesday it opposed House of Representatives Speaker John Boehner's proposal for a balanced-budget amendment.White House spokesman Jay Carne...", 'As a "supercommittee" tries to find $1.5 trillion in new deficit cuts this fall, Republicans will be pressing a far more ambitious goal: passing an amendment to the ...', "Conservatives are rallying in support of a balanced-budget amendment in the run-up to a Friday vote, warning fellow lawmakers that it's just about the only way to en...", 'Chris Stirewalt discusses the prospect of a  balanced budget amendment  with Rep. McKinley (R-WV)', 'Sen. Mike Lee, (R-Utah), on why the debt ceiling should only be raised on condition of a  balanced budget amendment .', 'WASHINGTON -- As a "super committee" tries to find $1.5 trillion in new deficit cuts this fall, Republicans will be pressing a far more ambitious goal. They want to ...', 'House Speaker John Boehner on Friday straddled the hurdle he needed to get his debt-reduction proposal passed, sweetening the pot for Tea Party Republicans with the ...', 'The month of May is likely to bring a bruising battle to Capitol Hill . Congress will vote on raising the debt ceiling, a move that most economists agree would allow...']