["around the world from blockbuster role as an aspiring actors who ends up. Falling in love with a superhero and now  Kirsten Dunst . Is taking new risks here's ABC's juju Chang and Nightline in Even as a child actor Houston rarely played just ", "actors who ends up. Falling in love with a superhero and now Kirsten Dunst . Is taking new risks here's ABC's juju Chang and Nightline in -- Even as a child actor Houston -- rarely played just ", 'Lizzy Caplan,  Kirsten Dunst  & Isla Fisher spoke to Peter Travers at Sundance 2012 about new film.', "months ago she had another movie out and she joined esteemed colleague Elizabeth Vargas outside. And he along with  Kirsten Dunst  being discussed. We have a lot of you you. Instead it we set it on the big show all I don't just only her mom and ", 'and she joined esteemed colleague Elizabeth Vargas outside. And he along with Kirsten Dunst being discussed. We have a lot of you -- you. Instead it we set it on the big show -- all I ', "high school students working in the white house. Very, very false. That's a big, fat lie. Michelle williams and  kirsten dunst , though, made a movie of it. And our winner is -- it's sort of a tie. I'm hearing in the control room, more ", "house. Very, very false. That's a big, fat lie. Michelle williams and kirsten dunst , though, made a movie of it. And our winner is -- it's sort of a tie. I'm hearing in the control room, ", "run descriptive deliverables Iowa really disappointed. And it's a shame because the cast is really extraordinary  Kirsten Dunst  as 1 of the main central. Actresses in this and also on Wilson who was also in the bridesmaids film she is actually ", "disappointed. And it's a shame because the cast is really extraordinary -- Kirsten Dunst as 1 of the main central. Actresses in this and also on -- Wilson who was also in the bridesmaids film she ", 'with bardo who also worked with Brad Pitt who started oceans eleven with Julia Roberts who was in Mona Lisa smile with  Kirsten Dunst  who appeared in crazy beautiful. With Jay Hernandez. Who plays Carlos and six degrees. Where maybe I can Jason ', 'oceans eleven with Julia Roberts who was in Mona Lisa smile with Kirsten Dunst who appeared in crazy beautiful. With Jay Hernandez. Who plays Carlos and six degrees. Where maybe I can Jason. This is the ', 'canes and the procedures have very good film but. Not a great one. They talk a lot about it but never happened.  Kirsten Dunst  as Marie Antoinette Perry fifteen to Louie the sixteenth. Called eighties brat pack movies. The 1780s. They take ', '-- -- -- They talk a lot about it but never happened. Kirsten Dunst as Marie Antoinette Perry -- fifteen to Louie the sixteenth. Called -- -- eighties brat pack movies. The 1780s. They take their ']