['From sparring with socialites on "Real Housewives" to "Dancing with the Stars," she does it all.', 'reality show aptly titled of home rule. Even you know I do not support into company dating. seeking to get one my managing  Bob Hope  company near a kind of like the den mother of a group of very. Sexed up. Young people I This group of kids you know ', 'support into company dating. -- -- seeking to get one my managing Bob Hope company near a kind of like the den mother of a group of very. Sexed up. Young people I -- This group ', 'MacFARLANE WAS WONDERFUL AND WHO Knew? I did." One of the best jokes could have been delivered by long-time oscar host  bob hope . If sunday, everybody is dressed up, this is like church, only with more people praying. One of his safest jokes ', 'of the best jokes could have been delivered by long-time oscar host bob hope . If sunday, everybody is dressed up, this is like church, only with more people praying. One of his safest jokes last night. ', "Wasn't growing up with a father like  Bob Hope  well it was an extraordinary bride and mean it was from then. Earliest memories all through my life and towards the end of my ", "Wasn't growing up with a father like Bob Hope well it was an extraordinary bride and mean it was from then. Earliest memories -- all through my life and towards the ", "didn't live. hockey team and you you wanna go in the Borough now. Hang on hang on hang on. We're now joined by  Bob Hope  we're now joined by Sam from Kentucky's Sam tell us a little bit about your son I am so excited to be here How excited ", "Borough now. Hang on hang on hang on. We're now joined by Bob Hope we're now joined by Sam from Kentucky's Sam tell us a little bit about your son I am so excited to be ", "America until we thank you for that. Clinton is so great to have you here with us need to had yeah. We'll take contact  Bob Hope  I don't know Lovely audience we. I cannot come on Yahoo!.", "with us need to -- had -- yeah. We'll take -- contact Bob Hope I don't know -- Lovely audience we. I cannot come on Yahoo!. ", "shrewdly have invited to be on this show today and I welcome board Shula thinks in my flat out antiques after night.  Bob Hope  I can do this I can do That's that stretch that's my French OK didn't you weren't convinced. I made to sound ", "-- welcome board Shula thinks in my flat out antiques after night. Bob Hope I can do this -- I can do -- That's -- that stretch that's my French OK didn't you weren't convinced. I ", "and its hold my head is filled with a voice. And then never go away. McFarland says he's a big fan of Johnny Carson  Bob Hope  who wants to bring their showmanship to the job. The 85 annual Academy Awards will air February 24 2013. Right here ", "go away. McFarland says he's a big fan of Johnny Carson -- Bob Hope who wants to bring their -- showmanship to the job. The 85 annual Academy Awards will air February 24 2013. Right here ", "children and what. They go Hamlet kind of. About our seniors and sums up my. After all. I don't want to protect the  Bob Hope  that wages and who Don't Ask Don't Tell way. Yes Mr. President. Do you hope Mr. President. But the president ", "-- After all. I don't want to protect -- -- the -- Bob Hope that wages and who -- Don't Ask Don't Tell way. -- Yes Mr. President. -- -- Do you hope Mr. President. But ", "an impact on Romney himself. The next vice president of the United States and are gonna lay out a vision for America  Bob Hope  and opportunity and progress and achievement an individual accomplishment. We're stand for America and we're gonna ", "the United States and are gonna lay out a vision for America Bob Hope and opportunity and progress and achievement an individual accomplishment. We're -- stand for America and we're gonna win. And so President Obama ", 'about life as a housewife and a dictionary husband named. Saying they generally come here and I mean a a simple plan.  Bob Hope  recognized talent and Diller became his partner in comedy show your marriage counselor Cox I it. your face has my sympathy ', 'here and I mean a -- -- -- -- a simple plan. Bob Hope recognized -- talent and Diller became his partner in comedy show your marriage counselor Cox I -- it. -- your face has ', "time I was 12, I owned my own home. Reporter: Diller was an instant audience favorite. And became a frequent foil on  bob hope 's tv special. Don't I have a sympathetic face? Your face has my sympathy. Reporter: And his tours of VIETNAM IN ", "Diller was an instant audience favorite. And became a frequent foil on bob hope's tv special. Don't I have a sympathetic face? Your face has my sympathy. Reporter: And his tours of VIETNAM IN THE '60s. ", "paying my dues and for my. Has. Approach the born Anthony Benedetto in 1926. His name as we know it was given to him by  Bob Hope  who helped discover him. He's sure let's move on from the marquee. Let's economize it because it's Tony Bennett ", "1926. His name as we know it was given to him by Bob Hope who helped discover him. He's sure let's move on from the marquee. Let's economize it because it's Tony Bennett at this. Do ", 'wondering how they will rebuild. Even this simple things like diapers cribs and clothes are gone thinking about. And  Bob Hope . Your coat. Pull that back. Even a anymore. In Detroit can seven action news.', 'diapers cribs and clothes are gone -- -- -- thinking about. And Bob Hope . Your coat. Pull that back. Even -- a -- anymore. In Detroit can -- seven action news. ', "been felt for her. As she was taking all the samples and yeah. The store and I don't think it's so This is crazy.  Bob Hope . I don't you so much thanks so much So just like that of samples some people were willing to take a lot others. But ", "I don't think it's so -- -- -- -- This is crazy. Bob Hope . I don't you so much thanks so much -- -- So just like that -- of samples some people were willing to ", "entertainment's biggest state. Still six. It's Billy ninth time hosting the Oscars second only to the legendary  Bob Hope . Not bad very young class comedian from long The class clown was the guy take over all of this close but close eligible ", 'Billy -- ninth time hosting the Oscars second only to the legendary Bob Hope . Not bad very young class comedian from long -- The class clown was the guy -- take over all of this close ', "the best would have totally that I would ever get to host the Oscars and I was a kid that would. Be crazy but now only  Bob Hope  is hosted it more than me it's kind of strange and it's terrific at the same time this year Oscar night reunited ", "and I was a kid that would. Be crazy but now only Bob Hope is hosted it more than me it's kind of strange and it's terrific at the same time this year Oscar night reunited. ", "sixties and seventies Gilligan's Island. And the Brady Bunch Schwartz didn't start out in television actually gave up a career of medical science to first start writing jokes for  Bob hope 's radio show. Sherwood Schwartz was 94 years old.", "up a career of medical science to first start writing jokes for Bob hope's radio show. Sherwood Schwartz was 94 years old. ", "who becomes succession. you see the mayor's house written. And you look at the black who are really successful and  Bob Hope  He is high enough success. You must admit that you have absolutely no way because if it is you're All work. Rappers ", 'And you look at the -- black who are really successful and Bob Hope He is high enough success. -- You must admit that you have absolutely no way because if it is -- -- -- ', "these great people back from like I don't. Hey mama look like it carry the a teacher Sharon. Eaton and the teacher so we will the actually it. Teachers don't me think An Italian open the teacher if that  Bob Hope  she pleaded county chairs.", '-- me think -- -- An Italian open the teacher if that Bob Hope she pleaded -- county chairs. ']