['(Piyal Hosain/Fotos International/Getty Images) British actor  Bob Hoskins  announced that he is retiring from acting after being diagnosed with Parkinson\'s disease. "He wishes to thank all the great ', 'the filmmakers behind "Huntsman" have used mainstream actors to play the dwarfs."Who Framed Roger Rabbit?" star  Bob Hoskins , "Shaun of the Dead\'s" Nick Frost, and "Deadwood\'s" Ian McShane are among the Hollywood stars playing the ', 'turning on the Queen with the help of the seven dwarves, brilliantly played by the likes of Ian McShane, Toby Jones,  Bob Hoskins  and Nick Frost. The rest of the story is not as predictable as you might think. Snow White and the Huntsman is a wake-up ', "martial arts roles that have made him famous. But he is not a cinematic chameleon like co-stars Morgan Freeman and  Bob Hoskins , who are known for the variety of roles they have played in their respective long careers. Li's U.S. film career ", 'today with the $80 million World War II drama Enemy at the Gates. For the world premiere, English actors Jude Law,  Bob Hoskins , and Rachel Weisz who star as Russians in the siege of Stalingrad in the film were on hand alongside director Jean-Jacques ', 'today with the $80 million World War II drama Enemy at the Gates. For the world premiere, English actors Jude Law,  Bob Hoskins , and Rachel Weisz who star as Russians in the siege of Stalingrad in the film were on hand alongside director Jean-Jacques ', 'today with the $80 million World War II drama Enemy at the Gates. For the world premiere, English actors Jude Law,  Bob Hoskins , and Rachel Weisz who star as Russians in the siege of Stalingrad in the film were on hand alongside director Jean-Jacques ', "so is Steve Martin comes back to him again yes that Steve is doing and it's not to do it. I the only thing the is  Bob Hoskins  who did the original. Yeah only thing then and I can tell when you were singing it the dance but we have carpeting ", 'not -- to do it. I the only thing the -- is Bob Hoskins who did the original. Yeah only thing then and I can tell when you were singing it the -- dance but we ', "guys so. I think. Get a little bit. Bored after a while. Ben isn't very exciting to play you know yeah I remember  Bob Hoskins  that's about a good evening I'm really super bad guy in the movie I did. And He expresses their oil by saying ", "Ben -- isn't very exciting to play you know yeah I remember Bob Hoskins -- that's about a good evening I'm really super bad guy in the movie I did. And -- He expresses their oil "]