['She is the head and the heart of the cards asking an empire. My manager Chris Jenner does at all from making deals to managing a household raising a family. And now her life is an open book literally Jenner has penned a memoir called Chris Jenner and all things and. Well disappointing Fisher. You', "kardashian's chaotic weekend. We're all fine. We're all good and extremely happy. Reporter: The baby's grandmother  kris jenner  was all-smiles on sunday. And ryan seacrest said on his show, that kardashian e-mailed him with the news. I said ", "all fine. We're all good and extremely happy. Reporter: The baby's grandmother kris jenner was all-smiles on sunday. And ryan seacrest said on his show, that kardashian e-mailed him with the news. I said, congrats my ", 'cannot even begin to describe the miracle that is now a part of our family." More info will come when the me is write.  Kris jenner  couldn\'t help wishing kanye a happy father\'s day. He always wanted a little girl. Reporter: Overnight e! News ', 'of our family." More info will come when the me is write. Kris jenner couldn\'t help wishing kanye a happy father\'s day. He always wanted a little girl. Reporter: Overnight e! News reported the new bundle ', 'Miss America Judge Takes Over Las Vegas: Kris Jenner , Lara Spencer Enjoy Sin City', "In Las Vegas. Thank you very much storage we talk so much about being here at Miss America and I think. But Chris and I are willing to admit that we came here very different perceptions of the pageant world you just saw a piece on. Toddlers and tea and I know I personally feel this couldn't be", "Britain's secret. I'm joined now by my friend another mom Lara Spencer Good Morning America The woman known around Hollywood and the ultimate monitor what's up with monitor she actually introduced yourself to me as a Georgia and that Chris Jenner and she is in fact. Manager and mother of the", "The that's quite dashing. And all those six figure endorsement. Slash her older girls scored second general thinking should she abandoned her husband's name and coming crashing once again. Maybe it. For changing my last name back to Kardashian and to Chris as it often is it was simply a business", "mystery in a clinical office, this is filled with family, friends and a few tears of joy mixed in with the cake.  Kris jenner  may be planning the ultimate girls' get together. But for the big news, the matriarch says kanye will be by her side ", "friends and a few tears of joy mixed in with the cake. Kris jenner may be planning the ultimate girls' get together. But for the big news, the matriarch says kanye will be by her side. ", 'man versus food." Thank you very much. It\'s good to have another man around. And the woman who crashed our set,  kris jenner . Dy! . Thank you. Thinking about this. It\'s a controversial new show, that premieres tonight on vh-1. It\'s ', 'to have another man around. And the woman who crashed our set, kris jenner . Dy! . Thank you. Thinking about this. It\'s a controversial new show, that premieres tonight on vh-1. It\'s called "momma drama." It\'s ', "Mothers. With some of the most famous the moms in Hollywood Tori Spelling. mom  Kris Jenner  and make a really good chocolate but it starts. Rachel's I like this little girl that loves to tax people and Charlie sheen's former wife Denise Richards so I'm.", "the most famous the -- moms in Hollywood Tori Spelling. -- mom Kris Jenner and make a really good chocolate but it starts. Rachel's I like this little girl that loves to tax people and Charlie ", "Mothers. With some of the most famous list moms in Hollywood Tori Spelling. She's mom  Kris Jenner  and make a really good chocolate but He starts. Rituals out like this little girl that was to just Charlie sheen's former wife ", "of the most famous list moms in Hollywood Tori Spelling. She's mom Kris Jenner and make a really good chocolate but He starts. Rituals out like this little girl that was to just -- -- Charlie "]