['Celebrities of all sexual orientations waited until after Prop 8 went down to announce engagements.', 'three years, creator of tv\'s "nurse jackie." And  kristen bell  had been waiting to marry boyfriend, dax shepard over twitter. Let\'s bring my big gay marriage to  kristen bell  to life. It\'s like oprah style. You\'re getting ', 'marry her love of three years, creator of tv\'s "nurse jackie." And kristen bell had been waiting to marry boyfriend, dax shepard, until marriage was legal for everybody. And he proposed over twitter. Let\'s bring my big gay marriage to kristen bell to life. It\'s like oprah style. You\'re getting married. You\'re getting married. And churning on our website, goodmorningamerica.Com on yahoo! The fairy ', 'Kristen Bell  is best known for her work in Veronica Mars forgetting Sarah Marshall and house of but her biggest role yet. She recently gave ', 'Kristen Bell is best known for her work in Veronica Mars forgetting Sarah Marshall and house of -- but her biggest role yet. She ', "here without you I'm you stay so I suggest you get I'm going on for four years and it looks. And with those words  Kristen Bell  and Dax head out for the ride their lives in hit and run back. Plays Charlie Bronson and his in the witness protection ", 'four years and -- -- it looks. -- And with those words Kristen Bell and Dax -- head out for the ride their lives in hit and run back. Plays Charlie Bronson and his in the ', 'With parallel talks are talking about a mile Slough off this little animal that her boyfriend age to give her right from ice age here at apparently she is. Laughed so hard to kind of this result in this very funny video in moment he gave Russo animal. Take a look. That Israel relationship', "amplified music. Things can get so bad that celebrities are driven to complain about each other. Dax sheppard and  kristen bell  were beliebers until he moved in next door. The music and the parties and the paparazzi, I mean, it's like living ", "that celebrities are driven to complain about each other. Dax sheppard and kristen bell were beliebers until he moved in next door. The music and the parties and the paparazzi, I mean, it's like living in ", 'You get on a firehouse. Wade Phillips so illiteracy is. Busy Phillips is not Dixie check. well you will Farrell.  Kristen Bell  is so. And who eighteen place no way in Snow White in the Huntsman. This is confusing. This is not will it looks ', 'Busy Phillips is not -- Dixie check. -- well you will Farrell. Kristen Bell is so. And -- who eighteen -- place no way in Snow White in the Huntsman. This is confusing. This is not ', "she's been up to the YouTube sensation. Just wowed the crowd at the bottom room music festival including actress  Kristen Bell  is a huge fan. There's the shot of her visiting with the carried a dog her human partner Jose Fuentes says the seven ", "Just wowed the crowd at the bottom room music festival including actress Kristen Bell -- is a huge fan. There's the shot of her visiting with the carried a dog her human -- partner Jose Fuentes ", "we've got some proof that railroad. through Havana I yeah. Just what we needed That our actress. Then you'll love  Kristen Bell  revealed Allen recently a very funny and slightly strange story it's true. Seems she's had a lifelong obsession ", "what we needed -- That our -- actress. Then you'll love -- Kristen Bell revealed Allen recently a very funny and slightly strange story it's true. Seems she's had a lifelong obsession with swaps. Yes the ", "You may know her from town are HBO's Mildred pierce but now the very accomplished Marion shore is becoming a good  Kristen Bell . Starring in the ABC comedy and GC meet take Look. Picked the ball yep she tackles I Haskell. Not apple straight ", 'pierce but now the very accomplished Marion shore is becoming a good Kristen Bell . Starring in the ABC comedy and GC meet take -- Look. Picked -- the ball yep she tackles I Haskell. Not apple ', 'So what do  Kristen Bell  Bill Maher and Perez Hilton all have in common with celebrities have teamed up with GAAP for a new campaign to help get out the ', 'So what do Kristen Bell Bill Maher and Perez Hilton all have in common with -- celebrities have teamed up with GAAP for a new campaign to ', 'terrible Secaucus new again. And basically it has some big heavy hitter actresses as Jamie Lee Curtis Sigourney Weaver  Kristen Bell . It deals with two people who did not like each other in high school and fast forward a few years and their families ', 'some big heavy hitter -- actresses as Jamie Lee Curtis Sigourney Weaver Kristen Bell . It deals with two people who did not like each other in high school and fast forward a few years and their ', "this is on the phone. Now who. Mark Wahlberg. That is market all the nominations you're just tear up last week  Kristen Bell  is here and AB so. You fought so hard for this so what what's the feeling like today with these nominations mark ", "is -- market all the nominations you're just tear up last week Kristen Bell is here and AB -- so. You fought so hard for this so what what's the feeling like today with these nominations ", "you know just she's incomparable honestly and and  Kristen Bell . And a day yes then we had an amazing ensemble and lot of fun to meet you have each of these are want to  Kristen Bell  you get to this great video for funny. Or die from ", "-- -- -- -- you know just she's incomparable honestly and and Kristen Bell . And a day yes then we had an amazing ensemble and I think the joy we had -- working together really. Comes out in this movie and -- also made it made a lot of fun to meet you have each of these are want to -- -- -- Kristen Bell you get to this great video for funny. Or die from. Show of hands of everybody -- Chris who just goes Annan ", "this is appointed an interview with my little clip. From the movie okay good. And the maid of honor and she was here  Kristen Bell  she will what you're saying great things about you Josh she didn't mean any knows she did it was right after they ", "movie okay good. And the maid of honor and she was here Kristen Bell she will -- what you're saying great things about you Josh she didn't mean any -- knows she did it was right ", 'Sarah Marshall has split up with him He goes to Hawaii to lick his wounds. Only to find that the girlfriend played by  Kristen Bell  has decided to go to Hawaii as well. She seeming mystery over here we do you. Came to murder you. And coming in between ', 'to lick his wounds. Only to find that the girlfriend played by Kristen Bell has decided to go to Hawaii as well. -- -- -- She seeming -- mystery over here -- we do you. Came ', 'Sarah Marshall has split up with him He goes to Hawaii to lick his wounds. Only to find that the girlfriend played by  Kristen Bell  has decided to go to Hawaii as well. She seeming mystery over here. We do you. murder you. And coming in between ', 'to lick his wounds. Only to find that the girlfriend played by Kristen Bell has decided to go to Hawaii as well. -- -- -- She seeming -- mystery over here. We do you. -- -- ', "be actually He write the movie though so I think we're gonna see him at his best yet. It's also starring. And  Kristen Bell  He might know from Veronica Mars and of course from That '70s Show. Now let's set thriller 88 minutes this time ", "we're gonna see him at his best yet. It's also starring. And Kristen Bell He might know from Veronica Mars and of course -- -- from That '70s Show. Now let's set thriller 88 minutes this ", "will tell you the best places to look for tickets to ensure you get the best price available to do so we're joined by  Kristen Bell  Strom. A staff reporter for money magazine hi Kristen thanks for being here before we talk about some solutions let's ", "you get the best price available to do so we're joined by Kristen Bell Strom. A staff reporter for money magazine hi Kristen thanks for being here before we talk about some solutions let's talk a "]