['Actress  Katherine Heigl \'s starring role in the movie "27 Dresses" as the girl who was always the bridesmaid, never the bride, was a box-office ', 'young Nino, f--- a b---- in a pea coat"? Or the guy who told us, "I got ya grandma on my d---"??  Katherine Heigl , who I forgot existed, has adorable kids that she misses all the time. Like, all the time. Drizzy has a bunch ', 'for every dollar Murphy was paid for his last three films, his films returned an average of $2.30.  Katherine Heigl  Actress  Katherine Heigl  returns $3.40 for every dollar she is paid, according to Forbes. Though Heigl initially made a successful ', 'Rebecca] are nice people." Noisy neighbor disputes involving celebrities are nothing new in Tinseltown. Actress  Katherine Heigl  called the cops to her Los Angeles home two years ago after a neighbor allegedly harassed her and husband Josh Kelley ', 'Image credit: Dominique Charriau/WireImage  Katherine Heigl  and her husband, Josh Kelley, have adopted another daughter according to People.com. The couple, who adopted 3-year-old ', 'the coalition that includes Mercy for Animals and the Humane Society, also opposes the "ag gag" bills. Actress  Katherine Heigl , a longtime supporter of People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals (PETA), sent a letter to every member of ', 'killed by Jack Ruby. 1996: Ethiopian Flight Hijacked Hijackers force plane to crash into the Indian Ocean after running out of fuel. Famous Birthdays 1784 Zachary Taylor 1946 Ted Bundy 1961 Arundhati Roy 1978  Katherine Heigl  1990 Sarah Hyland', 'Apatow, creator of "Knocked Up," can work his magic on her. He has made stars of some of his actresses, notably  Katherine Heigl . Either way, Aniston could use the career boost. Her last movie, "Switch," came in eighth its opening weekend ', 'go-to, but in real life,  Katherine Heigl  doesn\'t always get a lot of magazine: "After this bomb,  Katherine Heigl  and Ashton Kutcher may qualify rom-com heroine since ...  Katherine Heigl \'s last rom-com." ABC News ', 'Kutcher is promoting his latest film, "Killers," in which he plays a super spy who marries small town girl played by  Katherine Heigl . "It\'s a movie about a guy fighting to be a normal guy, just a normal guy," said Kutcher. "I\'m fighting ', 'Star discusses her foundation that focuses on a spay/neuter initiative, training program for owners.', "She's been a bridesmaid in 14 weddings. Everybody would say to me, oh, christy, you're like the real-life  katherine heigl . Reporter: And if it's some unwritten rite of bridehood, her friends told her that famous white lie, trying ", "weddings. Everybody would say to me, oh, christy, you're like the real-life katherine heigl . Reporter: And if it's some unwritten rite of bridehood, her friends told her that famous white lie, trying to convince her she'd "]