['19 Civilians killed by bomb in AfghanistanHASH(0xa448018)A score of civilians were killed and 30 others injured by a bomb detonated next to their bus, an Afghan police officer told Efe.The explosion occurred about 6:30 p.m. in the Obe district of the western province of Herat, said the spokesman for the regional police, Abdul Hamid Hamidi, adding that the casualties included women and children.HASH(0xa447fdc)---HASH(0xa44818c)Pakistan panel blasts gov\'t incompetence in Bin Laden caseHASH(0xa448d64)The panel created by Pakistan to investigate how Osama bin Laden was able to live in the country undetected for nine years before his death in a U.S. special forces raid detected "incompetence at almost all levels of government," according to a leaked report disseminated by Al Jazeera.The Pakistani press reported on the report and printed strongly critical remarks made by the panel regarding different institutions, asking them to "apologize before the nation."Pakistan\'s main intelligence agen...', 'The U.S. Geological Survey has downsized its estimate of a morning earthquake in Baja California and is now calling it a magnitude-4.4 shaker.Earlier estimates had p...', 'The U.S. Geological Survey has downsized its estimate of a morning earthquake in Baja California and is now calling it a magnitude-4.4 shaker.Earlier estimates had p...', "In the wake of last year's deadly magnitude-7.2 temblor the US and Mexico will extend their earthquake monitoring system south of the border, according to officials....", 'The U.S. Geological Survey reports that a strong magnitude 5.9 earthquake has hit off the coast of Baja California.The quake occurred in the Sea of Cortez, 60 miles ...', 'What if you could be alerted before the only natural disaster that offers no warning actually hits? Even if the alert came just seconds sooner? In light of the massi...', 'A strong earthquake struck off the coast of Mexico on Thursday, waking up residents living near the Gulf of California, only hours after a separate temblor swayed ta...', 'A strong earthquake struck off the coast of Mexico on Thursday, waking up residents living near the Gulf of California, only hours after a separate temblor swayed ta...', "A moderate earthquake in the western Mexican state of Michoacan swayed buildings in Mexico City Tuesday. Mexico City's mayor says there no reports of damage in the c...", 'A 5.1-magnitude earthquake struck at around 10:00 am local time Friday about 118 miles (190 kilometers) southeast of Tijuana, Mexico, in the state of Baja California...', "A magnitude 6.2 earthquake struck near the southern part of Mexico's Baja Peninsula Tuesday, the U.S. Geological Survey reports.State civil defense director Carlos R...", "5.4-Magnitude Earthquake  Rattles Mexico's Baja  California, Leaves 400K Without Power", 'A moderate earthquake rocked Baja California in Mexico, shutting down factories near the U.S. border and leaving about 400,000 people without power, authorities said...', 'A magnitude-6 earthquake rocked the coasts Tuesday of the Mexican Pacific states of Jalisco and Nayarit, but no injuries or damage have been reported, the National S...']