["cast members reunited and showed the film's trailer to a packed crowd. The film story's picks up with Veronica ( Kristen Bell ) returning to Neptune for her 10-year high school reunion. Helen Thomas Remembered Helen Thomas, the face of American ", 'It\'s not a mystery: "Veronica Mars" is really coming to the big screen. Movie creator Rob Thomas, star  Kristen Bell  and the rest of the cast previewed footage Friday from the upcoming fan-funded film at Comic-Con. The cult teenage ', 'Rock musician Tony Fagenson (Eve 6) is 35. Movie director Jared Hess is 34. Actor Jason Weaver is 34. Actress  Kristen Bell  is 33. Rock singer Ryan Cabrera is 31. Christian-rock musician Aaron Gillespie (Underoath) is 30. Actor Chace ', 'said the lawns were "as they should be." Hmmph.  Kristen Bell  Proposes to Dax Shepard After Thursday\'s historic lesbian and gay friends can too. "House of Lies" star  Kristen Bell  took to Twitter to propose to her longtime boyfriend ', 'New parents  Kristen Bell  and Dax Shepard were spotted out for the first time with their new baby girl, Lincoln Bell Shepard. Shepard, 38, one of the ', 'Michael Buckner/Getty Images Dax Shepard and  Kristen Bell  are the proud parents of a baby girl. Shepard, 38, announced the news via Twitter this afternoon. "Lincoln Bell Shepard is ', 'cult television drama, Rob Thomas, along with star  Kristen Bell , started a Kickstarter campaign Wednesday to raise what the cast has been up to since going off the air:  Kristen Bell  Since "Mars" went off the air, Bell has had a busy ', 'Mars" was a popular television series that featured  Kristen Bell , as a butt-kicking teen detective, who helped solve September 2004 and ran for three seasons. RELATED:  Kristen Bell \'s Emotional Meeting with a Sloth "The average pledge ', 'kiss ... get married and ride off together into the sunset. It\'s systematically ruining people\'s lives." 5.  Kristen Bell  (star, "The Lifeguard") onbeing pregnant while filming sex scenes for "House of Lies": "They haven\'t toned ', 'the question to the Brazilian model on Christmas Day 2011 after five years together.  Kristen Bell  and Dax Shepard Another longtime couple, actors  Kristen Bell  and Dax Shepard announced in November that they are expecting their first child this ', 'Kristen Bell  and her fiance, "Parenthood" star Dax Shepard, are expecting their first child together. Shepard confirmed the good news Monday ', "favor of gay marriage wedding bells are a fly in for lots of people including a bunch of celebrities let's talk about  Kristen Bell  she asked Dax Shepard marry her on Twitter. On Wednesday in celebration of the Supreme Court ruling. got engaged in ", "for lots of people including a bunch of celebrities let's talk about Kristen Bell she asked Dax Shepard -- marry her on Twitter. On Wednesday in celebration of the Supreme Court ruling. -- got engaged in ", 'three years, creator of tv\'s "nurse jackie." And  kristen bell  had been waiting to marry boyfriend, dax shepard over twitter. Let\'s bring my big gay marriage to  kristen bell  to life. It\'s like oprah style. You\'re getting ', 'marry her love of three years, creator of tv\'s "nurse jackie." And kristen bell had been waiting to marry boyfriend, dax shepard, until marriage was legal for everybody. And he proposed over twitter. Let\'s bring my big gay marriage to kristen bell to life. It\'s like oprah style. You\'re getting married. You\'re getting married. And churning on our website, goodmorningamerica.Com on yahoo! The fairy ', 'Kristen Bell  is best known for her work in Veronica Mars forgetting Sarah Marshall and house of but her biggest role yet. She recently gave ', 'Kristen Bell is best known for her work in Veronica Mars forgetting Sarah Marshall and house of -- but her biggest role yet. She ', "here without you I'm you stay so I suggest you get I'm going on for four years and it looks. And with those words  Kristen Bell  and Dax head out for the ride their lives in hit and run back. Plays Charlie Bronson and his in the witness protection ", 'four years and -- -- it looks. -- And with those words Kristen Bell and Dax -- head out for the ride their lives in hit and run back. Plays Charlie Bronson and his in the ', 'With parallel talks are talking about a mile Slough off this little animal that her boyfriend age to give her right from ice age here at apparently she is. Laughed so hard to kind of this result in this very funny video in moment he gave Russo animal. Take a look. That Israel relationship', "amplified music. Things can get so bad that celebrities are driven to complain about each other. Dax sheppard and  kristen bell  were beliebers until he moved in next door. The music and the parties and the paparazzi, I mean, it's like living ", "that celebrities are driven to complain about each other. Dax sheppard and kristen bell were beliebers until he moved in next door. The music and the parties and the paparazzi, I mean, it's like living in "]