['nomination - nine bids to be exact. Also nominated in the drama series category was newcomer "Game of Thrones."  Kerry Washington  was nominated for her role as Olivia Pope on ABC\'s hit series "Scandal." And Anna Chlumsky, who became a first-time ', 'Kerry Washington  knows just how to celebrate her Emmy nomination: by going to work. "I just feel more indebted to them than ever before," the ', 'drama series. After being nominated three years in a row and winning once, Margulies got bumped for new faces,  Kerry Washington  and Vera Farmiga. Connie Britton, who\'s been nominated twice before for "Friday Night Lights" and "American ', "in and some of Hollywood's biggest stars, like  Kerry Washington  and Bryan Cranston, were honored this morning as PrimetimeEmmys voters! What an absolute honor! Wow. -  kerry washington  (@kerrywashington) July 18, 2013 We had a great ", 'Michelle Dockery of "Downtown Abbey;" Elisabeth Moss of "Mad Men"; Connie Britton of "Nashville" and  Kerry Washington  of "Scandal." Claire Danes, last year\'s winner for "Homeland," got a nod. Besides Bateman, the nominees ', 'Wright, "House of Cards," Netflix; Elisabeth Moss, "Mad Men," AMC; Connie Britton, "Nashville," ABC;  Kerry Washington , "Scandal," ABC. Supporting Actor, Drama Series: Bobby Cannavale, "Boardwalk Empire," HBO; Jonathan Banks ', 'Nashville Claire Danes, Homeland Michelle Dockery, Downton Abbey Vera Farmiga, Bates Motel Elisabeth Moss, Mad Men  Kerry Washington , Scandal Robin Wright, House of Cards Outstanding Lead Actor in a Drama Series Hugh Bonneville, Downton Abbey ', 'Homeland"; Michelle Dockery, "Downton Abbey"; Vera Farmiga, "Bates Motel"; Elisabeth Moss, "Mad Men";  Kerry Washington , "Scandal"; Robin Wright, "House of Cards." The 65th Primetime Emmy Awards will be presented Sept. 22 at ', 'Aaron Paul of "Breaking Bad." Last year, Nick Offerman of "Parks and Recreation" was unable to co-host with  Kerry Washington  of "Scandal" because of travel delays and Jimmy Kimmel filled in, wearing pajamas to the early morning event.', 'Downton Abbey"; Elisabeth Moss, "Mad Men";  Kerry Washington , "Scandal"; Robin Wright, "House of Cards" "The big story will be if  Kerry Washington  breaks through," Wilson said. Similarly, Connie ', 'arrived. Myers escaped from an Ohio prison Tuesday night and had been on the run for nearly a day.  Kerry Washington \'s Secret Wedding  Kerry Washington \'s secret wedding was so private that we\'re just finding out the "Scandal" actress got married ', 'which restrooms they use and school teams they join based on their gender identity. 5.  Kerry Washington  Marries NFL Star "Scandal" star  Kerry Washington  revealed she secretly married her boyfriend, San Francisco 49ers cornerback Nnamdi Asomugha ', "That's after the morning and we're starting out it is one of our favorites around actress  Kerry Washington . mom about her personal life for the most part and she got away with one for silly she went and got married. To an NFL player's ", 'starting out -- it is one of our favorites around -- actress Kerry Washington . -- -- mom about her personal life for the most part and she got away with one for -- silly she went ', "you could call it a surprise.  Kerry washington  is everyone's favorite on you're channeling a little  kerry washington . You look luscious and dynamite perhaps being a newlywed for  kerry washington  she'd be interested in this ", 'levity. It\'s not a scandal but you could call it a surprise. Kerry washington is everyone\'s favorite on the hit series "scandal" has quietly gotten married that nnamdi. Dating for a year. Nnamdi is a three-time ', 'issue of "vanity fair." I\'ve got to say you\'re channeling a little kerry washington . You look luscious and dynamite today. Luscious and dynamite. George, I\'ve never been -- and perhaps being a newlywed for kerry washington she\'d be interested in this survey. How does your man stack up agthe rest? Brand-new survey, 1100 were asked what makes the ', 'Our "instant index" on a friday night, a scandal? No but a secret wedding we\'re finding out about.  Kerry washington  getting married in a small ceremony. Tying the knot last week with SAN FRANCISCO 49ers PLAYER Nnamdi asomugha ', "night, a scandal? No but a secret wedding we're finding out about. Kerry washington getting married in a small ceremony. Tying the knot last week with SAN FRANCISCO 49ers PLAYER Nnamdi asomugha. Tiny turtles get a ", 'a break through for kevin spacey, making history the first online series to get a nod, in fact nine in all.  Kerry washington  got one for her role as 0 live va pulp. This was said about being nominated for game of thrones. You do honor to ', 'first online series to get a nod, in fact nine in all. Kerry washington got one for her role as 0 live va pulp. This was said about being nominated for game of thrones. You do ', "nomination you have to feel pretty good and how about  Kerry Washington  yeah getting that actress nomination in the category salmon though and what we big takeaways. So happy for  Kerry Washington  and I know is Chris studded it really is week she's ", "get a nomination you have to feel pretty good and how about Kerry Washington yeah getting that actress nomination in the category that has seven. Contenders that's how much -- -- once again and I know our guys we were talking it did to chris' point. You know and I'm not -- -- game of -- because I love the show. -- it you have production values now on on on -- especially in our drama categories. I mean these were watching movies every week salmon -- though -- and what we -- big takeaways. So happy for Kerry Washington and I know is Chris -- studded it really is -- week she's newly married on the cover -- fair. And now ", "caught on tape. Our index at a Friday night a scandal nobody private wedding we're just finding out about actress  Kerry Washington . Getting married in very small ceremony in Washington hit ABC show scandal. Tying the knot last week San Francisco ", "scandal nobody -- -- private wedding we're just finding out about actress Kerry Washington . Getting married in very small ceremony in Washington -- hit ABC show scandal. Tying the knot last week San Francisco 49ers players ", 'designers of america awards in new york city. Last night stars like sofia vergara looks incredible in emerald green,  kerry washington , my girl, yummy in yellow and jessica chastain glamorous all on hand to celebrate the designer who kept them looking ', 'city. Last night stars like sofia vergara looks incredible in emerald green, kerry washington , my girl, yummy in yellow and jessica chastain glamorous all on hand to celebrate the designer who kept them looking lovely. Hillary ']