['to get right away to your friend,  kelly ripa . This is a big day for her. She I did not run in high heels with  kelly ripa . But going up to the top of the one last encouraging word for our  kelly ripa ? I want to say hello and good morning ', "We're going to get right away to your friend, kelly ripa . This is a big day for her. She is running all the way to the top of the empire state building. All ", "no. I've only watched. I did not run in high heels with kelly ripa . But going up to the top of the empire state building, how did you train? How did I train? I found out ", "-- josh groban, do you have one last encouraging word for our kelly ripa ? I want to say hello and good morning. And I wish you all the best on this. It's going to be amazing. ", 'how to bait the hook. Now, to the big announcement by  kelly ripa , on who would take regis\' seat. And a face familiar the most unusual pairings in television -- 5\'3",  kelly ripa , was swept off her feet tuesday, by her new 6\'5 ', 'know how to bait the hook. Now, to the big announcement by kelly ripa , on who would take regis\' seat. And a face familiar to folks in new york. Michael strahan. And now, kelly\'s new co-host. First, abc\'s paula faris has the story. Reporter: We are honored to have him here. Michael strahan. Reporter: In what may be one of the most unusual pairings in television -- 5\'3", kelly ripa , was swept off her feet tuesday, by her new 6\'5" co-host, former giants defensive end, michael strahan. He could bench press me ', "We want to check in with  kelly ripa . Are you there? I'm here, sam. Good morning. What is happening right now? What is happening right now is nothing. We were ", "We want to check in with kelly ripa . Are you there? I'm here, sam. Good morning. What is happening right now? What is happening right now is nothing. We were ", 'You think yes it is. Time for the skinny and Kelly rip up who you know I just love of Hoover. I Jersey girl yes it is putting her New York penthouse on the market she purchased it in 200549. Point one million dollars. However selling it for twenty points. Five million dollars in its insult when it', 'Former New York Giants defensive end and Super Bowl winner, Michael Strahan will co-host with Ripa.', "This is really big this is probably the biggest thing in daytime television Kelly she is she's number one get our Kelly good morning it. yeah. You can get morning Look at that you've got all you've got a bevy of choices in but seriously now this been a long. Long test run here and I know there's", 'We mentioned, they are the duo of the moment. And sam is with them uptown. Oh, sammy? We are here. I\'m on the set. This is "live with kelly and michael." Yes. Congratulations. I look around the set. And it feels manlier. Is it true? Is there a difference? Yes. We have testosterone dispensing', 'Twenty medical mysteries continues. Once again. Elizabeth Vargas. Unlike Kelly she is famous for her cheerful in good humor. The best Let but has a rare and mostly unknown condition that is no laughing matter. I just discovered this disease. That I have it. The sounds of swallowing and chewing make', 'And were closing in but you know we still need some help getting an ankle one million coats warm coats warm hearts drive. And help comes today in the form of Carson Presley how can we Mexico. I know I know a fight hit the streets and I want to go out there Russell some codes for you guys sell. Now', 'We have a special guest list with us this morning when we mention that Kelly rip would be on our show today. The boards lit up because you had questions and so we thought no one better to bring in the hot seat and offering Kelly. Tonight thank you very much just you can see it but happening but I', 'One thing we can do about Kelly repel what she lacks some time in height she makes up in He. There is no supermodel alive who can match our Kelly and she is. She has engineered something that we could not believe we first heard about it this is the high Imus about. Yes thank you Diane thank you', '"GMA" co-anchor fills  Kelly Ripa\'s  talk-show shoes for one morning alongside Michael Strahan.']