['a guest-actress nod for Margo Martindale. But how to explain zero recognition for terrific performances by stars  Keri Russell  and Matthew Rhys (not to mention the sly supporting-actor turn by Noah Emmerich)? Speaking of indelible supporting ', '(Photo credit: Women\'s Health)  Keri Russell  was in her early 20s when she shot to stardom in the TV drama "Felicity," but she doesn\'t look as if she\'s aged a day in ', 'has an impressive resume to date. She just wrapped "Austenland," in which she stars alongside veterans JJ Feild,  Keri Russell  and Jennifer Coolidge. She\'s also appeared in popular films including "One Day," "The Duchess" and "Chalet ', 'in the atmosphere. Famous Birthdays 1953 Chaka Khan 1954 Kenneth Cole 1966 Marin Hinkle 1976 Michelle Monaghan 1976  Keri Russell  1978 Nicholle Tom 1978 David Tom 1978 Perez Hilton 1986 Steven Strait 1990 Princess Eugenie of York View more videos ', 'the coffee Anne Hathaway is forced to carry trays of. I can smell it all. "Waitress." I\'d love to smell all of  Keri Russell \'s pies! "Eat Pray Love." For the smells of delicious food, tropical climates, and Javier Bardem\'s sweat ', 'starring on CBS\'s "Outlaw," portraying a former Supreme Court justice who starts his own law practice.  Keri Russell .  Keri Russell  and her angelic blond ringlets became an audience darling in 1998 when she starred in "Felicity." Now she\'s ', 'Benjamin Button" (Brad Pitt, Cate Blanchett); "Valkyrie" (Tom Cruise); "Bedtime Stories" (Adam Sandler,  Keri Russell ); and "The Spirit" (Scarlett Johanssen, Eva Mendes). "Doubt," starring Meryl Streep and Phillip Seymour Hoffman ', 'health perspective, hopping from the delivery room to the Hollywood rat race -- as Gwen Stefani, Katie Holmes and  Keri Russell  did -- can be damaging. "People want to be out on the red carpet two days after they give birth. That\'s insane ', 'to their father, who currently has sole custody.  Keri Russell Keri Russell , 31, made her debut on "The New Mickey Mouse Club she acted as a college student on "Felicity,"  Keri Russell  played the role of Mouseketeer. Russell later appeared ', 'named Sam Alexis. Kevin James and his wife had their second daughter -- making him the "King of Three Queens."  Keri Russell , who recently starred in the film "Waitress" as a new mom, had a baby girl with her husband. And last but not least ', "third season of Felicity kicks off tonight, Felicity ( Keri Russell ) and Ben (Scott Speedman) are still on, Noel (Scott an executive-pleasing length. Rightly or wrongly,  Keri Russell 's super-short 'do from last season was blamed for ", "third season of Felicity kicks off tonight, Felicity ( Keri Russell ) and Ben (Scott Speedman) are still on, Noel (Scott an executive-pleasing length. Rightly or wrongly,  Keri Russell 's super-short 'do from last season was blamed for ", 'third season of Felicity kicks off tonight, Felicity ( Keri Russell ) and Ben (Scott Speedman) are still on, Noel (Scott an executive-pleasing length. Rightly or wrongly,  Keri Russell  s super-short do from last season was blamed for the ', 'looked Blondie says celebrities careers can suffer when they change their hair remember when Britney went bald. Or when  Keri Russell  chopped off the publicity dukes. But desperate beavers household new look this stylist is relieved. I think I have ', 'when they change their hair remember when Britney went bald. Or when Keri Russell chopped off the publicity dukes. But desperate beavers household new look this stylist is relieved. I think I have had I known ', "clearly a genius and clearly. You know has read and understood hiding and uniting you know has been around and so and and  Keri Russell 's character is. Seems like kind of an all girl and her jeans and shirt with her accent but it turns out. She teaches ", "-- uniting -- you know has been around and so and and Keri Russell's character is. Seems like kind of an all girl and her jeans and shirt with her accent but -- it turns out. ", "number one. Number one totally surprising to me  Keri Russell  and Scott Speed men who not dating again. I on the brain. Said that's our number line  Keri Russell  and statement.  Keri Russell  beating out Britney Spears that is amazing to ", "and number one traffic number one. Number one totally surprising to me Keri Russell and Scott Speed men who -- -- not dating again. I think this is searchers wish fulfillment these guys are co stars on felicity. They didn't -- years ago they're not dating now but there's still -- very very important to searchers. Searchers have them on the brain. Said that's our number line Keri Russell and -- statement. Keri Russell beating out Britney Spears that is amazing to me that may be changing now and a couple days we'll just have to ", "Baghdad elephant. OK here we once upon a this holiday season the movie take this new twist on an old ritual Adam Sandler  Keri Russell 's star and bedtime stories. I asked Adam what bad times were like when He was a kid it's not like we had bedtime ", "the movie take this new twist on an old ritual Adam Sandler Keri Russell's star and bedtime stories. I asked Adam what bad times were like when He was a kid it's not like we had ", "liked. Came the Adam her Green dress and color and with her hair color your skin color and I also case Atlanta and  Keri Russell . I thought Russell just for so that's a hard colored aware very I thought she just looked so. I don't she just ", "hair color your skin color and I also -- case Atlanta and Keri Russell . I thought -- Russell just for so that's a hard colored aware very I thought she just looked so. I don't she "]