['metal. "You may hire a welder, and that\'s all they do, and that\'s not going to fit our business model," says  Linda Evans , Douglas\' vice president of human resources. Among other benefits, the daily or weekly rotations equip workers to ', 'Mila Kunis , Anne Hathaway , Rachel Bilson -- heads up.] What about Krystle, Blake\'s second wife, played by  Linda Evans  in the TV series -- will the doe-eyed blond make an appearance in the film? Possibly -- and the rest of "Dynasty\'s ', 'tweeted: "I think Star magazine calling me a cheater qualifies as defamation of character." Former dynasty actress  Linda Evans  says the pressure of dating a younger man can be intense. She admitted to having plastic surgery to keep up with a ', 'Linda Evans  traded in her sequins and shoulder pads for 70 acres of wilderness in love affair with new-age musician Yanni. Life After \'Dynasty\' for  Linda Evans  "Nine years, every day, I loved him madly. It was so intense and so ', 'spokesman Phil Singer said. "I can tell you that neither  Linda Evans  or Susan Rosenberg hosted an event for her, and I think and that is a difference, of course, between  Linda Evans  and Susan Rosenberg." But when Evans was released after ', 'senator," Wolfson said. "I can tell you that neither  Linda Evans  or Susan Rosenberg hosted an event for her, and I think and that is a difference, of course, between  Linda Evans  and Susan Rosenberg." But when Evans was released after ', 'arrested in 1984 while unloading 740 pounds of dynamite from the back of her car. But Clinton indeed pardoned a second --  Linda Evans , who had been convicted of several charges stemming from a series of bombings in the 1980s.', 'still has the claws for a glamorous catfight. After a career that\'s spanned decades, she\'s slapping her old friend  Linda Evans  every night in the traveling stage production, "Legends," and is happier than ever with a husband 35 years her junior ', "she was going through withdrawal because she hasn't had her medication. Hughes County Assistant District Attorney  Linda Evans  said she did not know what medication Goodson was referring to. Investigators say Simpson and Goodson met at a tribal ", "last year with the Victoria's Secret fashion show. Celebrity auctioneers included Tim Robbins, Rosanna Arquette,  Linda Evans , and Sela Ward, while Naomi Campbell, Patricia Arquette, ER's Goran Visnjic, Stephen Baldwin, and David Lynch ", "last year with the Victoria's Secret fashion show. Celebrity auctioneers included Tim Robbins, Rosanna Arquette,  Linda Evans , and Sela Ward, while Naomi Campbell, Patricia Arquette, ER's Goran Visnjic, Stephen Baldwin, and David Lynch ", "last year with the Victoria's Secret fashion show. Celebrity auctioneers included Tim Robbins, Rosanna Arquette,  Linda Evans , and Sela Ward, while Naomi Campbell, Patricia Arquette, ER's Goran Visnjic, Stephen Baldwin, and David Lynch ", "isn't new Hollywood actor John Derek famously had a thing for voluptuous he Mary commercial Andrus then took up with  Linda Evans  who would go want to dynasty fame before settling down with bombshell Johnny Carson two women back to back not only ", 'thing for voluptuous -- he Mary commercial Andrus then took up with Linda Evans who would go want to dynasty fame before settling down with bombshell -- -- Johnny Carson -- two women back to back ', 'furious in a Manhattan court yesterday. As window step faced off against the French billionaire who fathered her child.  Linda Evans  at least seeking 46000. Dollars a month from while on reaping no with him she had a fleeting affair in 2005. You know ', '-- step faced off against the French billionaire who fathered her child. Linda Evans at least seeking 46000. Dollars a month from -- while on reaping no with him she had a fleeting affair in 2005. ', "there's a huge backlash now last year I met up with  Linda Evans  famous for how in dynasty. But she didn't look like don't have to have that big wind blown you know or  Linda Evans  said. When you go to follow and you don't have to ", "that there's a huge backlash now last year I met up with Linda Evans famous for how -- in dynasty. But she didn't look like the same crystal Carrington. I've made some choices that have gone ", "don't have to have that big wind blown you know -- or Linda Evans said. When you go to follow -- and you don't have to do that anymore you can get a great skin care ", 'treated himself I think Star Magazine calling me cheater qualifies as defamation of character former dynasty actress  Linda Evans  says the pressure of dating a younger man is intense. She admitted to having plastic surgery to keep up with a much ', 'Magazine calling me cheater qualifies as defamation of character former dynasty actress Linda Evans says the pressure of dating a younger man is intense. She admitted to having plastic surgery to keep up with a much ', 'as Blake Carrington silver haired patriarch of dynasty. He was swap and sexy and rich and for much of the 1980s with  Linda Evans  by his side. He faced every kind of tragedy imaginable. Killed. In the 1940s Forsythe was one of the original members ', 'swap and sexy and rich and for much of the 1980s with Linda Evans by his side. He faced every kind of tragedy imaginable. -- -- -- -- Killed. In the 1940s Forsythe was one of ', 'characters there. The first day you had to walk on one of my first big scenes was with him just about every character.  Linda Evans  and John Forsythe John James and this reminds them against me is evidence that. System and thinking of always there ', 'of my first big scenes was with him just about every character. Linda Evans and John Forsythe John James and this reminds them against me is evidence that. System and thinking of always there. Of how ', "to you you the goes back to the dynasty days because so many people. Enjoy that show for so many years and of course  Linda Evans  and the legendary cat and you're taking that act on the road we are not lender. And I getting up legends with a populist ", "many people. Enjoy that show for so many years and of course Linda Evans and the legendary cat -- and you're taking that act on the road -- -- we are not lender. And I getting "]