["most famous families has died  Lynn Redgrave  who starred in movies and on stage London's most treasured actors  Lynn Redgrave  didn't have the notoriety of lengthy battle that took her life  Lynn Redgrave  was just 67 years old. ABC news ", 'a member of one of acting -- most famous families has died Lynn Redgrave who starred in movies and on stage she was -- Look at famous last name but. Made her very own name as ', "Acting dynasty the youngest child of two of London's most treasured actors Lynn Redgrave didn't have the notoriety of her older sister Vanessa. But was equally accomplished. Receiving three Tony nominations and two Oscar nominations what kind of you. The latest for the role of the stunned housekeeper in gods and monsters. The actress was famously open about her struggles. After learning she had breast cancer she and her daughter documented the experience creating an in -- journal for treatment. Raven lengthy battle that took her life Lynn Redgrave was just 67 years old. -- -- -- ABC news New York. ", 'Actress  Lynn Redgrave  has died. She died last night at her home in Connecticut for seven year battle with breast cancer she was 67 yourself a great ', 'Actress Lynn Redgrave has died. She died last night at her home in Connecticut for seven year battle with breast cancer she was 67 yourself ', "Stairwell and remembered the actress  Lynn Redgrave  who lost her battle against most famous families has died  Lynn Redgrave  who starred in movies and on stage London's most treasured actors  Lynn Redgrave  didn't have the notoriety of ", "cool floats on the highway -- -- Stairwell and remembered the actress Lynn Redgrave who lost her battle against. From ABC news. This here's ABC world news with Diane Sawyer. Good evening and we haven't seen ", 'a member of one of acting -- most famous families has died Lynn Redgrave who starred in movies and on stage she was with the famous last name but. Made her very own name as soon ', "an acting dynasty. The youngest child of tube London's most treasured actors Lynn Redgrave didn't have the notoriety of her older sister Vanessa but was equally accomplished. Receiving three Tony nominations and two Oscar nominations what kind of the latest for the role of the stunned housekeeper in gods and monsters. The actress was famously open about her struggles. After learning she had breast cancer she and her daughter documented the experience creating -- in -- journal for treatment. -- raven lengthy battle that took her life Lynn Redgrave was just 67 years old. -- -- -- ABC news New York. There were a lot of alert people on Saturday night ", "entertainment royalty her mother is Vanessa Redgrave her father Academy Award winning director Tony Richardson. On  Lynn Redgrave . So vitamin experiments. You have to develop this really thick skin. Because otherwise we're disappointments or ", "is Vanessa Redgrave her father Academy Award winning director Tony Richardson. On Lynn Redgrave . So vitamin experiments. You have to develop this really thick skin. Because otherwise we're disappointments or humiliation. So let stuff. Is going ", "entertainment royalty her mother is Vanessa Redgrave her father Academy Award winning director Tony Richardson. On  Lynn Redgrave . So vitamin experiments. You have to develop this really thick skin. Because otherwise we're disappointments or ", "is Vanessa Redgrave her father Academy Award winning director Tony Richardson. On Lynn Redgrave . So vitamin experiments. You have to develop this really thick skin. Because otherwise we're disappointments or humiliation. So let stuff. Is going ", 'facts and when you go on line. gal to gal watt dot argue actually can with them as well names such as Motley stands  Lynn Redgrave . Mark how Ken CSI. Martha Stewart yesterday actually joined a lot from Watson with us. Police Hayley Diane it was ', 'actually can -- with them as well names such as Motley stands Lynn Redgrave . Mark how Ken -- -- CSI. Martha Stewart yesterday actually joined a lot from Watson with us. Police -- Hayley Diane -- ']