['characters in the 2006 movie "Charlotte\'s Web"? A. Sarah Jessica Parker B. Julia Roberts C. Kyra Sedgewick D.  Madeleine Stowe  Play Ball Reba McEntire was part of the wedding party at which pro baseball player\'s nuptials? A. Johnny Damon ', 'plays the Queen of Mean in her latest role as Victoria Grayson on ABC\'s "Revenge," but off-camera, actress  Madeleine Stowe  is working to help children in Haiti get a fresh start. "If I had all the money in the world, I would know where ', 'stumped for their favorite presidential candidates. Among them: James Denton of Desperate Housewives and actress  Madeleine Stowe  campaigned for Edwards. Ugly Betty star America Ferrera and tennis legend Billie Jean King turned out for Clinton ', "his own . Edwards has previously been joined on the trail by singers Jackson Browne, Bonnie Raitt, and actresses  Madeleine Stowe  and Jean Smart. After Obama's Oprah-palooza was scheduled, Sen. Hillary Clinton, D-NY, announced that she ", "his own . Edwards has previously been joined on the trail by singers Jackson Browne, Bonnie Raitt, and actresses  Madeleine Stowe  and Jean Smart. After Obama's Oprah-palooza was scheduled, Sen. Hillary Clinton, D-NY, announced that she ", "his own . Edwards has previously been joined on the trail by singers Jackson Browne, Bonnie Raitt, and actresses  Madeleine Stowe  and Jean Smart. After Obama's Oprah-palooza was scheduled, Sen. Hillary Clinton, D-NY, announced that she ", "his own . Edwards has previously been joined on the trail by singers Jackson Browne, Bonnie Raitt, and actresses  Madeleine Stowe  and Jean Smart. After Obama's Oprah-palooza was scheduled, Sen. Hillary Clinton, D-NY, announced that she ", "his own . Edwards has previously been joined on the trail by singers Jackson Browne, Bonnie Raitt, and actresses  Madeleine Stowe  and Jean Smart. After Obama's Oprah-palooza was scheduled, Sen. Hillary Clinton, D-NY, announced that she ", "his own . Edwards has previously been joined on the trail by singers Jackson Browne, Bonnie Raitt, and actresses  Madeleine Stowe  and Jean Smart. After Obama's Oprah-palooza was scheduled, Sen. Hillary Clinton, D-NY, announced that she ", "house last month and it was filled with none other than Mel Gibson, Greg Kinnear, Keri Russel, Chris Klein and  Madeleine Stowe . The stars, who were in town filming We Were Soldiers Once And Young, took over the Pounds' bed and breakfast ", "finale is just around the corner and we excited to have this show's stars with us Emily van camp. Joshua Bowman and  Madeleine Stowe . Good to have you all here with us against. The pleasure thank you hear him you now can you can just start with ", "-- this show's stars with us Emily van camp. Joshua Bowman and Madeleine Stowe . Good to have you all here with us against. The pleasure thank you hear him -- you now can you can just ", "some who are well known for other work among them  Madeleine Stowe . The star of the ABC hit revenge the giants' David definitely put into the first As Victoria grace and  Madeleine Stowe  may be the best dressed woman on television right ", "volunteers in some who are well known for other work among them Madeleine Stowe . The star of the ABC hit revenge the giants' David Wright for two nights. -- -- -- I want to make -- ", 'definitely put into the first -- -- -- As Victoria grace and Madeleine Stowe may be the best dressed woman on television right now. -- that people as to -- everything custom tailored to fit her ', 'Madeleine Stowe  explains motives behind character\'s actions on ABC\'s "Revenge."', 'revenge against them amidst the opulence and decadence of high society Hamptons. I can tell people can hand. Indeed.  Madeleine Stowe  who plays the frosty Victoria. Matriarch of the Grayson family behind the scenes you see where they. Long hours ', 'of high society Hamptons. -- I can tell people can hand. Indeed. Madeleine Stowe who plays the frosty Victoria. Matriarch of the Grayson family behind the scenes you see where they. Long hours weeks after weeks ', 'against them amidst the opulence and decadence of high society Hamptons but I can tell people Kenyon. He needs.  Madeleine Stowe  who plays the frosty Victoria. Matriarch of the Grayson family behind the where they. Long hours weeks after weeks ', 'of high society Hamptons but I can tell people Kenyon. He needs. Madeleine Stowe who plays the frosty Victoria. Matriarch of the Grayson family behind the -- -- -- where they. Long hours weeks after weeks ', "Yes. That is brilliant. It's brilliant casting. Creator mike kelly said he needs someone to go toe to toe with  madeleine stowe  who is crazy good on the show. Ended the first season with a blast they return right here on abc. I love seeing ", 'mike kelly said he needs someone to go toe to toe with madeleine stowe who is crazy good on the show. Ended the first season with a blast they return right here on abc. I love ']