['Country singer Pam Tillis is 56. Actor Paul Ben-Victor is 51. Actor Kadeem Hardison is 48. Actress-singer  Kristin Chenoweth  is 45. Actress Laura Leighton is 45. Actor John P. Navin Jr. is 45. Actress-singer Jennifer Lopez is 44. Basketball ', 'Director Gus Van Sant is 61. Country singer Pam Tillis is 56. Actor Kadeem Hardison is 48. Actress-singer  Kristin Chenoweth  is 45. Actress Laura Leighton ("Melrose Place") is 45. Actor John P. Navin Jr. is 45. Actress-singer Jennifer ', 'More reaction from the cast: Guest star Kristin Chenowith: RIP CoryMontieth. You will be loved. Always. -  Kristin Chenoweth  (@KChenoweth) July 14, 2013 Nolan Gerard Funk, who plays Hunter Clarington, tweeted: Oh my God. Cory. Man ', 'GO TO BED WITH MILEY CYRUS ON "JIMMY KIMMEL LIVE" AND WAKE UP WITH THE GLOBAL SUPERSTAR ON "GOOD MORNING AMERICA"', 'at "LIVE with Kelly and Michael," where Cyrus will sit down with co-host Michael Strahan and guest co-host  Kristin Chenoweth . Fans will enjoy ending their day with Cyrus\'s performance on "Jimmy Kimmel Live" and continue their Miley-extravaganza ', 'only star to have faced danger on the set. Actress  Kristin Chenoweth  was hit in the head last year by falling lighting a scene for "The Good Wife," a CBS TV drama.  Kristin Chenoweth  Recovering After \'Good Wife\' Injury The actress ', 'extensions are among the hottest new trends out of Hollywood, but some experts warn that there are risks. Actress  Kristin Chenoweth  had an allergic reaction, joking with David Letterman while wearing sunglasses during an interview shortly after ', 'and is up for best theme song, will close out the evening performing a special musical number with Broadway\'s  Kristin Chenoweth . The news drew some gripes on Twitter, including, "I mean, who really cares about movies ... when you can ', 'handed out for Best Picture, the show will go on rather than ending immediately like it has done in previous years.  Kristin Chenoweth  and host Seth MacFarlane have a special musical number planned to close out the evening. Image credit: Bob D ', 'no dancer, you can expect to see him bust a move. The show\'s producers announced Thursday that MacFarlane and  Kristin Chenoweth  will close the show Sunday with a musical performance. "We think it will be a \'can\'t miss\' moment," the show ', 'a new look too. The show has a new set and a rotating list of guest hosts, as well as a live studio audience.  Kristin Chenoweth  was first up as co-host. Others include Kellie Pickler, Kelly Osbourne, Erin Andrews and Cyndi Lauper. "His ', 'CBS via Getty Images) You\'d never know from her bubbly demeanor on "Live! With Kelly and Michael" Friday that  Kristin Chenoweth  is still suffering from injuries she sustained in July on the set of CBS\' "The Good Wife." In her first interview ', 'Kristin Chenoweth  will not be returning to her recurring role on CBS\'s "The Good a gust of wind blew a lighting silk out of place striking actress  Kristin Chenoweth ," CBS said in a statement in July. A witness said Chenoweth was ', 'star tweets from co stars like mark sailing who played one of best friends puck on glee. Simply wrote the word no  Kristin Chenoweth  who also appeared on the show writes all right. Montes was famously involved on screen and off with actress lea ', 'of -- best friends puck on glee. Simply wrote the word no Kristin Chenoweth who also appeared on the show writes all right. -- -- -- -- -- -- Montes was famously involved on screen and ', 'Now, to  kristin chenoweth . Tough news for the talented actress, when she suffered a head to work on her recovery. Nick watt has the story. Reporter:  Kristin chenoweth  wasee td up for the role in "the good wife. Bts but while filming ', 'Now, to kristin chenoweth . Tough news for the talented actress, when she suffered a head injury on the set of "the good wife," when she was hit by equipment. Now, she\'s had to stop filming to work on her recovery. Nick watt has the story. Reporter: Kristin chenoweth wasee td up for the role in "the good wife. Bts but while filming last month, she was knocked out cold. Struck ', 'word popped into my head, hooves. Reporter: Depp, the latest a-lister to be knocked off his feet. Last year,  kristin chenoweth  told michael and kelly, how she suffered a skull fracture on the set of "the good wife." Knocked me in the face ', 'Depp, the latest a-lister to be knocked off his feet. Last year, kristin chenoweth told michael and kelly, how she suffered a skull fracture on the set of "the good wife." Knocked me in the face. ', "Kristen Chenoweth gets back to basics with her new album is called some lessons learned and it's a country collection and it comes out Tuesday. Check out the first single called I want somebody. Some Mac team. panel on key. And land around and win. I don't love it and gets only managed to squeeze", 'Actress  Kristin Chenoweth  was rushed to a New York hospital after she was struck in the head by lighting equipment set of the TV drama the good wife. These ', 'Actress Kristin Chenoweth was rushed to a New York hospital after she was struck in the head by lighting equipment -- -- set of the ', "Your April wrote Eric currently it's phenomenal she's an effort cheaper she's issue one that she's gonna get it. But that's part written for him. At patent With. It at that. Analysts one at not well. Me. I. Your cheerleader and but where you Really me island domino. I was cheerleader. And a highway"]