["Comedian discusses working with Reba on her new show in 'GMA's' Times Square studio.", "acted in record pass. The furloughs at the beginning of the week. By friday, a fix had been passed. The comedian  lily tomlin  has the character, bag lady, who says no matter how cynical you get, you can't keep up. 2 million americans fly ", "of the week. By friday, a fix had been passed. The comedian lily tomlin has the character, bag lady, who says no matter how cynical you get, you can't keep up. 2 million americans fly every ", "it. I'm having a great time, getting to work with  lily tomlin , for one thing is yaet point. The cast, the crew like in real life. And so hing a blast. Lillie mae,  lily tomlin 's character is a lot like my mama. Buddies, best ", "I'm loving it. I'm having a great time, getting to work with lily tomlin , for one thing is yaet point. The cast, the crew, the wryers. I just love them to pieces. I want to give ", "just like in real life. And so hing a blast. Lillie mae, lily tomlin's character is a lot like my mama. Buddies, best friends. You can't fake the chemistry. She's wonderful to work with, to hang ", 'you to this project? I love being on television. I love being on abc. And this is a fun show. I get to work with  lily tomlin , sarah rue. Great actors. I love television. I miss not getting to shoot the "reba" tv show when it left the air ', 'abc. And this is a fun show. I get to work with lily tomlin , sarah rue. Great actors. I love television. I miss not getting to shoot the "reba" tv show when it left the air. ', "that you literally. I physically and inches. And stay in my at least three inches in my hips and shrinking I am. The  Lily Tomlin  this season. Like doctors anyways yeah look yeah. Hey you yeah. I'm just man just stands there and she's doing ", "at least three inches in my hips and shrinking I am. The Lily Tomlin this season. Like doctors anyways yeah look yeah. Hey you yeah. I'm just -- man just stands there and she's doing ourselves. ", "Have I I've been roughly one half inches. And you say in my three inches in my hips I'm shrinking I am still  Lily Tomlin  this season. Color I like is always the hidden. Movie and David Arquette seen here in the recent Supreme Court can't ", "my -- three inches in my hips I'm shrinking I am still Lily Tomlin this season. Color I like -- is always the hidden. Movie and -- -- David Arquette seen here in the recent Supreme ", 'will remember our next guest from hits like nine to five and a prairie home companion. We welcoming Tony award winner  Lily Tomlin  along with the star in her own right ankle outlet and director at least Phil Hartman director at an off Broadway play ', 'five and a prairie home companion. We -- welcoming Tony award winner Lily Tomlin along with the star in her own right ankle outlet and director at least Phil Hartman director at an off Broadway play. ', "the bill in an elaborate ceremony that featured a three way computer on line hook up. One party to it was the actress  Lily Tomlin  in California playing her famous comic role of Ernestine the phone operator. Mr. President you hope but I didn't ", "computer on line hook up. One party to it was the actress Lily Tomlin in California playing her famous comic role of Ernestine the phone operator. Mr. President you hope but I didn't see the headlines. ", 'going on in the series you three years old when you started. In that this business with your parents I believe on the  Lily Tomlin  special of that right Those early months Ole opry until all of their trademark. Yeah my my first job at girl actually ', 'started. In that this business with your parents I believe on the Lily Tomlin special of that right -- -- Those early months Ole opry -- until all of their trademark. Yeah my my first job ', "no cameras And fortunately for  Lily Tomlin  and director David O. Russell let's take a look at this first And  Lily Tomlin  is a little bit frustrated with the director. Getting his ground  Lily Tomlin  partners and. Well I seem to recall ", "happened today. My ten inches there's no cameras -- And fortunately for Lily Tomlin and director David O. Russell there meltdowns happen between takes on this at 2004 movie I hard. So let's take a look at this first -- And Lily Tomlin -- is -- -- -- a little bit frustrated with the director -- Up -- here. -- Who's reacting to -- for ", "film. And that you're using the director. Getting his ground -- -- Lily Tomlin -- -- partners and. Well I seem to recall that film actually didn't warm the harnesses audience members either didn't do ", "You have just seen the best scenes in the movie I am I is watching Steve Martin the other actors like Andy Garcia  Lily Tomlin  squander their Jokes at the expensive Asians are truly despicable. I wasted my time watching this movie so you wouldn't ", "am I is watching Steve Martin the other actors like Andy Garcia Lily Tomlin squander their -- Jokes at the expensive Asians are truly despicable. I wasted my time watching this movie so you wouldn't have ", "was. But what Alec Baldwin couldn't reach eleven year old daughter on the phone. And no. And I you and or what  Lily Tomlin  went off I heart Huckabee of them help me. That's different and everyone gets mad at stored reserves its right you ", "on the phone. -- And no. And I you and or what Lily Tomlin went off -- -- I heart Huckabee -- of them help me. That's different and everyone gets mad at -- stored reserves "]