['South Korea warns that North Korea has developed rockets that can reach the US mainland', 'South Korean officials say analysis of debris from the latest North Korean rocket shows it has the ability to reach the US mainland.At a news conference in Seoul on ...', 'Defense Minister Ehud Barak hopes to buy a U.S. missile defense system to protect Israeli towns from short-range rockets and mortar fire, defense officials said Tues...', "The following text is the transcript of President Bush's speech at the National Endowment for Democracy in Washington.President Bush: Thank you all. (Applause.) Than...", "The U.S. won't repeat the mistake of rewarding North Korea's bad behavior, a senior American diplomat was quoted as saying Thursday, as Washington reportedly pushed ...", "South Korea has outlined a plan to counter a possible missile attack by North Korea , Seoul's Yonhap News reported on Sunday.The scenario submitted to President Lee ...", "What threat does North Korea pose to the US? Is there something different with this year's US-SK joint exercises and the predictable North Korean crisis? KT McFarland and guests explore", 'A century ago, on Feb. 6th, 1911, Ronald Reagan was born. Much has been written about his presidential leadership, including his uncanny ability to communicate, a sk...', 'French ballistic missile  test ends in failure after missile  destroys itself; reason unclear', 'A French ballistic missile test has ended in failure after the missile destroyed itself just minutes after its launch from a nuclear submarine off the coast of Britt...', "It's easy to write off North Korean threats to strike the United States with a nuclear-tipped missile as bluster: it has never demonstrated the capability to deploy ...", 'North Korea says it is forging ahead with a planned rocket launch this month, perhaps as soon as Dec. 10, drawing strong condemnation from U.S. officials who view th...', 'UN Security Council divided over Iran sanctions violations in missile  launches and seizure', 'The U.N. Security Council has refused to back a report by a panel of experts which unanimously concluded that Iran violated U.N. sanctions when it launched several b...']