['Life, love, death and drama: Which soap did viewers pick as their all time favorite?', "Christopher Walken Interview: 'Seven Psychopaths' Actor Says He Has No Hobbies but, 'I like to Work'", "like having a hobby and then you get the EB. You know I and has no evidence if it's a failure. You eat I could be  Erica Kane  two things like tennis they're biking. But. You get to it. And and you know what's in it and and also exercise ", "evidence if it's a failure. You eat I could be -- -- Erica Kane two things like tennis they're biking. But. You get to it. And and you know what's in it and and also exercise. ", "heard the apocalypse Susan Lucci watch nearly 1000. Characters come and go since 1970. When she first got hired as  Erica Kane . She was 23. I want a special I'm going. I love acting is script every day I love playing these pioneer and associated ", "Characters come and go since 1970. When she first got hired as Erica Kane . She was 23. I want a special I'm going. I love acting is -- -- script every day I love playing these ", "obviously. And you know there was a pivotal scene in  Erica Kane 's life where she. Got to be a moderately consent mom I think should write a book because everybody knows  Erica Kane  but nobody knows you. And also he a lot of the girls ", "day one obviously. And you know there was a pivotal scene in Erica Kane's life where she. Got to be a moderately consent. And I remembers child's life I'm going to be tasks like that and ", "-- said mom I think should write a book because everybody knows Erica Kane but nobody knows you. And also he -- a lot of the girls he dates once they know I'm his mom they ", "something really really good. I know show and she's. Totally capable of doing it. The curtain also came down on  Erica Kane . I need you. give a damn what you need. In September All My Children became the latest in a long string of daytime ", "she's. Totally capable of doing it. The curtain also came down on Erica Kane . I need you. -- -- -- -- give a damn what you need. In September All My Children became the latest in ", "decades is played time's biggest diva  Erica Kane  on the soap All My Children. What can't. She's kinda scandalous  Erica Kane  on All My Children for more than was just eat a that I'm going.  Erica Kane  matured into fix it plowed through ", "actress Susan Lucci. Who for decades is played -- time's biggest diva Erica Kane on the soap All My Children. What might surprise -- was just how little light resembles are believed she is ABC's -- ", "all time. I'm Erica -- here -- You can't. She's kinda scandalous Erica Kane on All My Children for more than forty years starting with the character was just eat -- -- a -- that I'm going. Erica Kane matured into -- -- fix it plowed through countless romances. Husbands and untold number of heart breaks. Top dramatic crescendo this. Why ", 'the house tour I asked her if she show me his signature Erica Kane who. She -- perfected the -- into an art form all her own I recruited my producer Stephen Baker to be our ', "Erica Kane  you know she organized a prison escape I Susan Lucci has played the scandalous  Erica Kane  on All My Children for more than forty close I couldn't resist a request to  Erica Kane  learning the art of first indigenous ", 'Erica Kane you know she organized a prison escape expose a Nazi fought -- -- grizzly bear married eleven times. And she did at ', "aren't I'm staying. Defense I -- Susan Lucci has played the scandalous Erica Kane on All My Children for more than forty years beginning when the character was just fifteen. Kathleen black her role earned her ", "-- -- coming to a close I couldn't resist a request to Erica Kane learning the art of first indigenous. Using a producer as our victim I'm gonna wind up big time and look like I'm ", "I'm talking about reality TV what is it about this TV genre that nothing else seems to match here's Chris Who killed  Erica Kane  and nothing to me stand. Nothing like her daytime drama all my children's devilishly and through decades of media ", "genre that nothing else seems to match here's Chris -- Who killed Erica Kane and nothing to me -- stand. Nothing like her daytime drama all my children's devilishly and -- through -- -- decades of ", 'back to compete in other competition to gain Lightning won the race with the total 1400. Insanity only. Team in the  Erica Kane  an excellent stacking it with 1173. Point. These teens the adventure itself was the real treasure something fun to ', 'won the race with the total 1400. Insanity only. Team in the Erica Kane an excellent stacking it with 1173. Point. These teens the adventure itself was the real treasure something fun to do about serving ', "show that Osama bin. You know what's what's what's going on with that there's there's one particular new and  Erica Kane 's life there. Is that fabulous guy who I think is also in the family here and had GMA that wonderful Cameron mathison ", "what's going on with that there's there's one particular new -- and Erica Kane's life there. Is that fabulous guy who I think is also in the -- family here and had GMA that wonderful Cameron ", "installed about the good old days all my children's grand armed incomparable Susan Lucci who was played leading lady  Erica Kane  for. Forty years just heard what episode six visitors and ten episode 1010. So I got to be home for a you know for ", "my children's grand armed incomparable Susan Lucci who was played leading lady Erica Kane for. Forty years just heard what episode six visitors and ten episode 1010. So I got to be home for a you ", 'met her fairy godmother on as the world turns thirty yeah. Kathy Bates got a head start on misery. By giving some to  Erica Kane  on all my children and But the starting young award goes to Nicole Kidman eighties hair and all who at age sixteen in ', 'Kathy Bates got a head start on misery. By giving some to Erica Kane on all my children and -- But the starting young award goes to Nicole Kidman -- eighties hair and all who at ', "times for cities. In the 1970s they were sixteen network soap operas now just seven remain seven. Like the immortal  Erica Kane  has had more husbands and How many times has she been married ten. Is that enough. Maybe not for her hectic. So what's ", 'sixteen network soap operas now just seven remain seven. Like the immortal Erica Kane has had more husbands and -- How many times has she been married ten. Is that enough. Maybe not for her hectic. ', "be surprised I think McCain needs to learn today and I think in the study to Coventry now I agreed. That is not much  Erica Kane  has not true it's true and all these years and isn't a good regulations we can't wait to have you back here New ", "the study to Coventry -- now I agreed. That is not much Erica Kane has not -- true it's true and all these years and -- isn't a good regulations we can't wait to have you ", "the most famous face in daytime television history no doubt she's the woman you love to hear them All My Children.  Erica Kane  are members standing ovation well gave her when she finally won that six Susan hello Jay. A anyone could ever get to ", "doubt she's the woman you love to hear them All My Children. Erica Kane are members standing ovation well -- gave her when she finally won that -- six Susan hello Jay. A -- anyone could "]