["sanctions against Zimbabwe's President Robert Mugabe to pressure him to share power with the opposition. Actress  Estelle Getty  died in Los Angeles at age 84. One year ago: President Barack Obama made a quick trip to Colorado to meet with families ", 'years ago. But it hurts, so I stopped falling," Dorsey said during an appearance on "Good Morning America. "  Estelle Getty  Workout Video Everyone\'s favorite Golden Girl made an exercise video for seniors citizens in 1993. In the video ', 'years, her star soared again, and in May 2010, she became the oldest person to ever host "Saturday Night Live."  Estelle Getty  Getty, who brought wise-cracking "Golden Girl" Sophia Petrillo to life, died in July 2008 of natural causes ', 'Estelle Getty  , 84 -- Emmy award-winning star of "The Golden Girls" who renewed the popularity of elderly characters in prime time. "Seventy ', 'move in with her husband. The spin-off failed in less than a year, but a later spin-off, "Empty Nest," with  Estelle Getty  from "The Golden Girls," became a hit. "Who\'s the Boss?" and" Living Dolls" "Who\'s the Boss" introduced ', 'actors have drawn the support of high-profile movie and TV actors, including Michael J. Fox and Golden Girls actress  Estelle Getty , who have joined pickets outside commercial shoots. During the Emmy Awards last month, actors including Martin Sheen ', 'denies the allegations. And Emmy award winning actress  Estelle Getty  has died. Getty spent years looking for success until playing Cynthia because it gave a boost older people.  Estelle Getty  was 84. now expected Charlie Gibson in Jerusalem He ', 'released on bail and denies the allegations. And Emmy award winning actress Estelle Getty has died. Getty spent years looking for success until 1985. When she was cast as the sharp tongue sarcastic Sophia on the golden girls. Getting since she was proud of playing Cynthia because it gave a boost older people. Estelle Getty was 84. -- now expected Charlie Gibson in Jerusalem He spent some time today finding out what Israelis and Palestinians. Think about ']