["Beatriz Recari picked up her third LPGA Tour title on Sunday and that helped her crack the top 20 in the latest women's world rankings.Recari jumped eight places to No. 18 in the latest rankings.At the top of the rankings, the top nine remained the same. Inbee Park was again followed by Stacy Lewis, Suzann Pettersen, Na Yeon Choi, So Yeon Ryu, Shanshan Feng, Karrie Webb, Jiyai Shin and I.K. Kim.Catriona Matthew moved up two spots to No. 10, while Paula Creamer improved three places to 11th. Yani Tseng and Ai Miyazato both fell two notches and are now 12th and 13th.Cristie Kerr slipped one to 14th, while Mika Miyazato, Angela Stanford and amateur Lydia Ko remained 15th to 17th. They were followed by Recari and her move pushed Ariya Jutanugarn, Amy Yang, Lizette Salas and Hee Young Park down one spot apiece and they are 19th to 22nd.Lee-Anne Pace claimed the Ladies European Tour event on Sunday and thanks to that, she soared 17 places to 61st in the rankings....", 'Catriona Matthew fired a 7-under 64 on Friday to grab a 3-stroke lead after two rounds of the Manulife Financial LPGA Classic.Matthew finished 36 holes at 15-under-p...', 'Hee Young Park fired a 10-under-par 61 on Saturday and moved ahead by a single stroke entering the final round of the Manulife Financial LPGA Classic.Park, coming of...', "Park Hee-young, who is coming off a missed cut at the US Women's Open, shot a 10-under 61 to take the lead in the third round of the Manulife Financial Classic.South...", "Inbee Park won for the fifth time this season on the LPGA Tour and that helped her expand her lead atop the latest women's world rankings.Park increased her lead ove...", "Inbee Park shot 4-under-par 68 on Friday and grabbed a 2-stroke lead at the U.S. Women's Open before play was suspended for the day due to heavy fog in the area.Park...", "Inbee Park joked that the second round of the U.S. Women's Open cycled through all four seasons.From sun to wind to fog, the world's top-ranked player kept making bi...", "Inbee Park led entering the third round of the U.S. Women's Open on Saturday, and she was the only player to break par in that round.Park birdied the 18th for a 1-un...", "Inbee Park's dominant season continued on Sunday, as she cruised to a historic 4-stroke victory at the U.S. Women's Open.In addition to recording her third consecuti...", "Inbee Park became the second woman in LPGA Tour history to win the first three majors of the year, and that helped her expand her lead atop the latest women's world ...", "Grand Slam or not, Inbee Park will be chasing 4th straight major at Women's British Open", "Inbee Park hoped to win a Grand Slam.A career Grand Slam, that is. The single-season variety was just too outlandish.Yet she'll head to St. Andrews next month for th...", "Mika Miyazato fired a 6-under 65 on Friday to grab a 1-stroke lead after the opening round of the Walmart NW Arkansas Championship.Miyazato, last year's Safeway Clas...", 'Beatriz Recari shot 5-under 66 on Sunday and held off Paula Creamer to win the Marathon Classic by a single stroke.Recari and Creamer shared the overnight lead and w...', "Hee Young Park was a playoff winner at the LPGA's Manulife Financial LPGA Classic and made a big move in the latest women's world rankings.Park soared 16 places to N...", 'Park Hee-young birdied the third playoff hole to defeat Angela Stanford and capture the Manulife Financial LPGA Classic on Sunday.Park shot a closing six-under 65 to...', 'Hee Young Park birdied the third playoff hole on Sunday to top Angela Stanford and win the Manulife Financial LPGA Classic.Park carded a 6-under 65 during her final ...', 'Angela Stanford and Catriona Matthew fired matching 8-under 63s on Thursday to share the lead after the opening round of the Manulife Financial LPGA Classic.Inbee Pa...', 'Angela Stanford birdied her last three holes to join Catriona Matthew atop the leaderboard on eight-under par 63 after the first round of the Manulife Financial LPGA...', "With the LPGA having this past week off, there were minor changes in the latest women's world rankings.Inbee Park, who has won three majors and six events in all thi..."]