['and Jake Gyllenhaal. For Anastasia, fan picks have included Mila Kunis, Jessica Pare ("Mad Men") and  Emma Watson . Wait,  Emma Watson ?! "Who here actually thinks I would do 50 Shades of Grey as a movie? Like really. For real. In real ', 'Hollywood "it" girl  Emma Watson  plays a teen thief who stole millions of dollars of clothes and jewelry from the homes of Hollywood stars like Paris Hilton in ', "Napster Co-Founder Sean Parker Ties the Knot in 'Romantic, Magical' Forest Wedding", "January, was also at the wedding. Among the 300 guests in attendance, some famous faces included Sting, Olivia Munn,  Emma Watson , Paypal co-founder Peter Thiel and Newark Mayor Cory Booker. Leading up to the couple's nuptials, several reports ", 'comes complete with a nod to her personal rock-chick style." The 23-year-old "Twilight" star beat out actress  Emma Watson  and Kate Middleton, among others, for the crown - and she has said in the past that she doesn\'t care if you disagree ', 'Albert L. Ortega/Getty Images  Emma Watson  shot down a rumor that she will be playing the role of of Grey." RELATED: \'Fifty Shades of Grey\' Movie:  Emma Watson  Casting Rumors "Fifty Shades of Grey" set the record ', 'Lawrence, Silver Linings Playbook  Emma Watson , The Perks of Being a Wallflower Mila Kunis and Mark Wahlberg, Ted  Emma Watson  and Logan Lerman, The Perks of Lawrence, Silver Linings Playbook  Emma Watson , Logan Lerman and Ezra Miller ', 'Dramatic Movie "The Perks of Being a Wallflower" Favorite Dramatic Movie Actor Zac Efron Favorite Dramatic Movie Actress  Emma Watson  Favorite Movie Franchise "The Hunger Games" Favorite Movie Superhero Robert Downey, Jr. as Iron Man Favorite On-Screen ', 'released between 2001 and 2011, also saw the growth of its three main child actors -- Daniel Radcliffe, Rupert Grint and  Emma Watson  -- over a decade, all while filling the coffers of the filmmakers and the woman behind it all, J.K. Rowling ', 'a massive storm holding up the production of Noah is not lost @DarrenAronofsky@russellcrowe @ MattyLibatique,"  Emma Watson , who also stars in the film, tweeted Sunday. Shooting for the film was postponed Monday, the Los Angeles Times reported ', 'currently serving four years in state prison. Meanwhile, Sofia Coppolla is making a film about the Bling Ring, starring  Emma Watson  and Kirsten Dunst, that is due out next year. Kirsten Dunst Ironically, Dunst, herself, has been a victim of robbery ', "Katie Cassidy Reportedly in Running to Play Anastasia in '50 Shades of Grey' Movie", 'Grey\' Cassidy, 25, who has starred in "Gossip Girl" and "Melrose Place," is believed to be in competition with  Emma Watson , Emma Stone and "Pretty Little Liars" actress Lucy Hale to play the role of Anastasia Steele in the erotic love story ', 'of Grey " than the Bible ? One British hotelier thinks so. And that\'s why, even though he says he\'s never read  Emma Watson \'s best-selling novel himself, Jonathan Denby has decided to remove all the Gideon Bibles from his hotel\'s 40 ', 'Cutler , owner of Cutler/Redken Salons in New York and Miami, is a celebrity stylist who has worked with Fergie and  Emma Watson . He gives our "Good Afternoon America" viewers the inside scoop on the best summer hair fixes. Rodney\'s Quick-Fix ', 'rather surprising admission from  emma watson . The harry potter star, speaking linsey is here with all of this.  Emma watson  says she only has eight pairs of movie "the bling ring," starring  emma watson  a film ripped from the headlines ', "We're going to start with this rather surprising admission from emma watson . The harry potter star, speaking out about hollywood excess. And linsey is here with all of this. Emma watson says she only has eight pairs of shoes. Her sparse footwear collection is in question about the lavish wardrobes of some of ", 'inside paris hilton\'s real-life closet for the movie "the bling ring," starring emma watson a film ripped from the headlines. But according to watson, life does not imitate art in her case. The excess is something ', 'Rumors are running rampant about who will get the coveted role and roles in the movie version of "fifty shades of grey." Abc\'s tanya rivero has the story. Reporter: We\'re not at hogwarts anymore if there\'s any truth to the latest "fifty shades of grey" movie rumor attaching emma to the lead. Months', 'computer designed for kids. He tab reportedly will cost about a 150 bucks. It is dangerous to search online for actress  Emma Watson  the McAfee virus computer security company. Says she is the favorite celebrity to lure you to a malicious web site ', 'about a 150 bucks. It is dangerous to search online for actress Emma Watson the McAfee virus computer security company. Says she is the favorite celebrity -- to lure you to a malicious web site. The ', "anybody's interested? Exactly. Thank you. So confusing. Can barely tell them apart. Our next look, our next celeb is  emma watson . She is so chic. Constantly in the best dressed pages. She is a style-setter. You can really watch. She gets ", 'Can barely tell them apart. Our next look, our next celeb is emma watson . She is so chic. Constantly in the best dressed pages. She is a style-setter. You can really watch. She gets the trends ', 'which was nice. I think some people got their feelings hurt a little bit every now and then. We saw great cameos.  Emma watson , rihanna. Bad michael cera. He is remarkable in this movie. He plays as far from actual michael cera as you can ', 'hurt a little bit every now and then. We saw great cameos. Emma watson , rihanna. Bad michael cera. He is remarkable in this movie. He plays as far from actual michael cera as you can be. ', "them. It's kind of scope to compress today so Rupert grant has been Ron for almost half of his life. 21 year old  Emma Watson  has been Hermione since she was ten. It almost feels like I'm watching and not a cousin. A I can't even identifying ", "-- Ron -- for almost half of his life. 21 year old Emma Watson has been Hermione since she was ten. It almost feels like I'm watching and not a cousin. A -- -- I can't ", 'to make sure. The cannes runway 2013. First, contestant number one. Eva longoria. Then, contestant number two.  Emma watson  in chanel couture. And finally, contestant number three. Look closely. This is a woman wearing an enormous dress ', 'runway 2013. First, contestant number one. Eva longoria. Then, contestant number two. Emma watson in chanel couture. And finally, contestant number three. Look closely. This is a woman wearing an enormous dress made of old biscuit ']