['Travelers stick family and friends with untold zillions of worthless or gratuitous gifts each year, but almost nothing good ever gets done at the last minute. The first rule of souvenir shopping? No buying gifts at the airport. Ever.', "No plush or inflatable gifts for anyone over three years old. You're better than that.", 'No leftover foreign coins as "souvenirs" or collectibles. This is worse than giving nothing, because it shows how lazy you are.', "No exotic alcohol. Funky label or not, that local rotgut is a hoot when you're in country, undrinkable everywhere else.", 'No Eiffel Towers, Statues of Liberties, Mt. Rushmores, Taj Mahals, Aussie koalas, Chairman Maos or anything that would fit perfectly in the back of a closet or bottom of a drawer.', 'No key chains, coasters, mugs or plates. And, whatever you do, no double-whammy Eiffel Tower key chains. ', 'No more little bags of rock, black, sea or flavored salt. The whole designer salt thing is done.', 'No items that require assembly, watering, sunlight, maintenance, lubrication or refrigeration. Or excessive explanation.', "No books. We believe you, it was an amaaaaaazing art exhibit. We just don't have 37 hours to spend reading about it.", "Hong Kong (CNN) -- It's an essential part of any trip, an activity we all take part in.", 'Souvenir buying -- instead of being an enjoyable part of the travel experience, it too often becomes an obligatory slog.', 'In 2012 alone, travelers spent a total of US$2.3 billion on souvenirs that were subsequently ignored, unused, unappreciated, unworn, discarded, disliked, ridiculed and/or stuffed in bottom drawers and backs of closets never to be seen again.', 'Worse, travelers wasted 427 million aggregated hours fretting over the purchases of pointless doodads, knickknacks, tchotchkes, gewgaws and dust gatherers.', 'OK, we made all those figures up, but given all the "Singapore is a Fine City" T-shirts, Chairman Mao cigarette lighters, plush koalas and inflatable jumbo airplanes cluttering the CNN Travel office, we\'re pretty sure people spend a lot of money and time on desperation purchases that unfairly burden recipients with the obligation of hanging on to these dubious prizes for years to come.', 'Avoid the common shopping mistakes above and your family, friends and coworkers might actually start looking forward to your return home for a change.', "Got a favorite souvenir do or don't? Ever received a terrible souvenir? A great one? Share your souvenir experiences in the comments section. ", 'Big, bold, beautiful -- the bridges, skyscrapers and other impressive projects that showcase human achievement. ', "It's probably the biggest country most of the world doesn't know a heckuva a lot about. That's changing.", 'What makes a classic dive bar? Everything from octogenarian bartenders to surly bouncers, ghosts and incontinent chickens. ', "The African island of Zanzibar isn't simply a sunny, sandy paradise but a place of bright beauty and dark history.", "Flag-jacking isn't enough. Here's some advice on how Americans can fake being Canadian. ", "There are so many Hong Kong hotel choices you're bound to make the wrong one. Here's help.", 'The results of an airborne survey confirm the existence of a medieval city buried beneath impenetrable jungle.', 'Not so long ago, having a layover between flights was like having skin graft surgery between root canals. Not anymore.', 'Seoul luxury hotels are in a pitched battle over "bingsu," Korea\'s beloved shaved ice dessert.']