['Introducing Asfar, the 30-meter superyacht used by pop princess Beyonce during a holiday in Dubai. For around $100,000 a week, you could sailing the Gulf in the very same boat.', "Many wealthy superyacht owners use their luxury vessels just a few times a year. And if you've got cash to splash, you could hire the same elegant boats used by the world's A-list celebrities, such as this one used by Beyonce.", "If you've ever wanted to be treated like a princess on holiday, this is the superyacht for you. The iconic M/Y Grace was the vessel of choice for Princess Grace and Prince Rainier of Monaco during their honeymoon in 1956.", 'Today, the luxurious boat has been refitted with nine staterooms and a top-deck hot tub. Guests can enjoy fine dining as the yacht winds its way around the exotic Galapagos Islands. ', 'Musician P. Diddy knows how to holiday in style, chartering opulent superyacht Solemates. The high-tech vessel features an iPad controller, aromatherapy shower and an award-winning on board chef.', 'The spectacular boat is not for the faint hearted, costing $686,00 per week in July and August. Then there are expenses, estimated at around $137,000. ', 'If only the Honey Fitz could talk, the stories this presidential yacht could tell. Built over 80 years ago, the pretty wooden boat has served five U.S. presidents and after a recent makeover is now available for hire by the public.', "The Honey Fitz's most famous owner was John F. Kennedy, who would spend Easter and Christmas holidays on the yacht in Palm Springs, Florida.", "Business magnate Richard Branson's elegant 32-meter catamaran includes four luxury suites, a roof-top diving board and scuba equipment.", 'The state-of-the-art vessel also includes three-person mini sub, "Necker Nymph," for underwater exploration. ', "Editor's note: MainSail is CNN's monthly sailing show, exploring the sport of sailing, luxury travel and the latest in design and technology.", '(CNN) -- Nothing drives home the luxury lifestyles of the rich and famous quite like images of them lounging on a sun-drenched superyacht.', 'But even wealthy yacht owners -- who often use their magnificent boats for just a few weeks a year --are not averse to making some extra cash by renting them out.', "And if you're willing to splash out, you could be cruising the waves in the very same vessels used by A-list pop stars, royalty, and world leaders.", 'From Beyonce to Grace Kelly, CNN takes a look at the most beautiful celebrity yachts available for hire.', 'When Beyonce performed at the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix in 2009, the soulful songstress was left high and dry without a luxury vessel -- until she chartered 30-meter superyacht Asfar.', "At $109,000 per week, the sleek boat features three elegant suites, with room for 11 guests. Four crew members -- including a chef, a captain and deck hands -- were also on board to cater to their elite guest's every whim.", '"Beyonce had a great time, sailing around the beautiful west coast of Abu Dhabi," said the CEO of an Abu Dhabi charter company which hired out the plush yacht. "She just wished she could have stayed longer."', 'Princess Grace and Prince Rainier of Monaco honeymoon on board yacht M/Y Grace.Getty Images', "From modern day divas to past princesses, you could be sunning yourself aboard Grace Kelly's iconic honeymoon yacht M/Y Grace -- as it tours the Galapagos Islands.", 'The charming wooden yacht was given to Prince Rainier and Princess Grace of Monaco as a wedding present from shipping mogul Aristotle Onassis in the 1950s, with the royal couple spending their honeymoon sailing it along the stunning Italian coast.', "Today the iconic boat has been refitted with nine luxury staterooms and a top deck hot tub. Guests can enjoy fine dining as they meander past Ecuador's remarkable islands teeming with unusual wildlife such as giant tortoises and marine iguanas. A week in the master suite will set you back $6,600.", "When rapper tycoon P. Diddy goes on holiday, he doesn't do things by halves. The Grammy Award-winning musician relaxes on one of the most luxurious and high-tech superyachts in the world -- Solemates -- which even boasts an iPad-controller.", "From the luxury of their top deck jacuzzi, guests can control practically everything but the captain's steering wheel -- all with a leisurely brush of their ipad.", 'The 60-meter yacht also features an aromatherapy shower, James Bond-style underwater hovercraft, and a gym which converts into a disco. The price is similarly spectacular -- around $685,000 per week during the height of summer.', 'President John F. Kennedy with daughter Caroline on board the Honey Fitz.Getty Images', 'When former American President John F. Kennedy wanted a few hours rest from the White House, he would supposedly slip away on the Potomac River for a leisurely cruise on his yacht, Honey Fitz.', "Built in 1931, the pretty wooden vessel has served five American presidents, including Harry S. Truman, Dwight D. Eisenhower, Lyndon B. Johnson, Richard Nixon, and of course JFK -- whose wife Jackie installed the boat's very first color TV in the 1960s.", 'The recently renovated 70-passenger yacht is now completing a charity fundraising tour around the U.S., but is still available for private hire, costing around $5,000 for four hours.', "If anyone knows spectacular modes of transport, it's Virgin business mogul Richard Branson. The British billionaire's 32-meter catamaran -- Necker Belle -- includes four luxury suites, each with its own ensuite and flat screen TV.", 'Thrill seekers can also enjoy the sleek vessel\'s roof-top diving board, scuba diving equipment and three-person mini submarine, dubbed "Necker Nymph."', 'Guests can cruise the Caribbean in the grand yacht for a cool $110,000 per week.', "With the launch of the gleaming new Azzam, Russian billionaire Roman Abramovich can no longer lay claim to being the owner of the world's largest superyacht.", 'MainSail takes a look at the life, legacy and achievements of the extraordinary British sailing Olympian Andrew "Bart" Simpson.', "He's fired darts at a gray whale, sped through St Petersburg in an F1 car, and taken a supersonic flight in a bomber jet.", "Jacques Cousteau's grandson, Fabien, plans to live in an underwater lab for 31 days to explore the deep-sea.", 'If this yacht could talk, one can only imagine the stories it would tell about one of the most high-profile romances of the 20th century.', 'With her curved wings and gleaming underbelly high above the waves, this space-age yacht might be better suited to the sky than the sea.', 'From Beyonce to Grace Kelly, now you can sail the seas on the very same superyachts used by the rich and famous.', 'The tour brings together superpowers from the worlds of both sailing and global business to enable amateur sailors to race with pro-sailors.', 'A naval ship has been turned into an underwater gallery featuring photographs of retro sailors and glamorous girls in a ghostly fantasy world.', 'With its luminous body hovering above the water, and five spidery legs plunging deep into the sea, this futuristic building could be in a sci-fi film.', 'Explorer James Cameron makes history after becoming the first person to reach the deepest point of the ocean solo. ', "As Spain's royal family prepares to give up a $27 million superyacht, here's a look back at how kings and queens sail the sea.", "Can you imagine a world where the sun never sets? For scientists in Antarctica, that's what they encountered.", 'The Mississippi River: home to grand old paddle steamers, blues music, Huckleberry Finn, and... pirate ships.', 'Three legendary around-the-world sailors share their extraordinary stories -- from coping with loneliness to battling harsh conditions.', '20 years of passion and a few million euros later, a French sailor has created the Hydroptere -- one of the fastest sailboats in the world.', 'An artist creates an unusual underwater gallery at the site of a shipwreck 90 feet under the sea. ', 'For centuries, lighthouses have illuminated the most treacherous coastlines in the world, offering a beacon of hope. ', "Silently huddled on the water's edge, waiting hours on end for a hint of action, may not be everyone's idea of a pleasurable pastime. ", "Richard Branson's 1986 speedboat has been found in a Spanish boatyard and is being restored to its former glory."]