['"The Bling Ring" actress discusses filming scenes in star\'s closet with the U.K. Radio Times.', 'Rumors are running rampant about who will get the coveted role and roles in the movie version of "fifty shades of grey." Abc\'s tanya rivero has the story. Reporter: We\'re not at hogwarts anymore if there\'s any truth to the latest "fifty shades of grey" movie rumor attaching emma to the lead. Months', 'computer designed for kids. He tab reportedly will cost about a 150 bucks. It is dangerous to search online for actress  Emma Watson  the McAfee virus computer security company. Says she is the favorite celebrity to lure you to a malicious web site ', 'about a 150 bucks. It is dangerous to search online for actress Emma Watson the McAfee virus computer security company. Says she is the favorite celebrity -- to lure you to a malicious web site. The ', "anybody's interested? Exactly. Thank you. So confusing. Can barely tell them apart. Our next look, our next celeb is  emma watson . She is so chic. Constantly in the best dressed pages. She is a style-setter. You can really watch. She gets ", 'Can barely tell them apart. Our next look, our next celeb is emma watson . She is so chic. Constantly in the best dressed pages. She is a style-setter. You can really watch. She gets the trends ', 'which was nice. I think some people got their feelings hurt a little bit every now and then. We saw great cameos.  Emma watson , rihanna. Bad michael cera. He is remarkable in this movie. He plays as far from actual michael cera as you can ', 'hurt a little bit every now and then. We saw great cameos. Emma watson , rihanna. Bad michael cera. He is remarkable in this movie. He plays as far from actual michael cera as you can be. ', "them. It's kind of scope to compress today so Rupert grant has been Ron for almost half of his life. 21 year old  Emma Watson  has been Hermione since she was ten. It almost feels like I'm watching and not a cousin. A I can't even identifying ", "-- Ron -- for almost half of his life. 21 year old Emma Watson has been Hermione since she was ten. It almost feels like I'm watching and not a cousin. A -- -- I can't ", 'to make sure. The cannes runway 2013. First, contestant number one. Eva longoria. Then, contestant number two.  Emma watson  in chanel couture. And finally, contestant number three. Look closely. This is a woman wearing an enormous dress ', 'runway 2013. First, contestant number one. Eva longoria. Then, contestant number two. Emma watson in chanel couture. And finally, contestant number three. Look closely. This is a woman wearing an enormous dress made of old biscuit ', 'hathaway\'s perfect pixie she donned in "les miz" was the best all time. She\'s not the only one to go short.  Emma watson . Halle berry, viola davis make it look powerful and gorgeous. Reporter: Chris mcmillan famous for creating rachel ', "the best all time. She's not the only one to go short. Emma watson . Halle berry, viola davis make it look powerful and gorgeous. Reporter: Chris mcmillan famous for creating rachel back IN THE '90s ON ", "year old twilight star praise for her personal rock chick style. A campaign so what she beat out Harry Potter star  Emma Watson  and the justice And I'm I'm nine. Now in Vietnam and I going to punish isn't worried cool pictures my parents ", "chick style. A campaign so what she beat out Harry Potter star Emma Watson and the justice -- -- And I'm I'm nine. Now in Vietnam and I -- going to punish isn't worried cool pictures ", 'categories where they scenes in genuine change in Jackson and a member of the avengers cast except the best. Fight prize and  Emma Watson  she received the TrailBlazer award. Jamie Foxx he also war very teacher. In honor of teenager Trayvon Martin and sandy ', 'a member of the avengers cast except the best. Fight prize and Emma Watson she received the TrailBlazer award. Jamie Foxx he also war very -- teacher. In honor of teenager Trayvon Martin and sandy hook ', 'Reporter: A very pregnant kim kardashian introduced a performance by selena gomez. The trailbraiser award went to  emma watson . If you truly pour your heart into what you believe in, even if it makes you vulnerable, amazing things can and will ', 'kardashian introduced a performance by selena gomez. The trailbraiser award went to emma watson . If you truly pour your heart into what you believe in, even if it makes you vulnerable, amazing things can and will ', 'she will be helping them out exit daytime show in August when her contract expires so that the mystery All right so  Emma Watson  earlier this week. Kind of upset that she was upset about the fact that somebody would even think to say that she may ', '-- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- All right so Emma Watson earlier this week. Kind of upset that she was upset about the fact that somebody would even think to say that she ', "chance that need to be. Let's talk about this one  Emma Watson  yes Harry Potter thing yes adorable beauty who's now grown up woman was listening there's rumors that.  Emma Watson . That was going to be that the shades of possibly cast ", "second chance -- that need to be. Let's talk about this one Emma Watson yes Harry Potter thing yes adorable beauty who's now grown up into a beautiful -- manages well is. Talk about I've grown up woman was listening there's rumors that. Emma Watson . That was going to be that the shades of -- possibly cast war -- -- -- The book by the way I ", "she's. because only rumors that he's cheating on her with all of these celebrities like January Jones one. And  Emma Watson  to kill and she's saying this is ridiculous the wedding is still on she took to Twitter and I'm done with LA I'm ", "on her with all of these celebrities like January Jones one. And Emma Watson to kill and she's saying this is ridiculous the wedding is still on she took to Twitter and -- I'm done with ", "for the most part he sort of wonder What went with for. Which. Needed one on the. We you have him but then you have  Emma Watson  yours that is right who's had some problems in life but. Is relatively seeming to be part of the cool group. But ", "Needed one on the. We you have him but then you have Emma Watson -- yours that is right who's had some problems in life but. Is relatively seeming to be part of the cool group. ", 'casting rumors people are talking about Angelina Jolie yes my pay. William levied dance with stars wonderful and perhaps  Emma Watson  has and a yes so rare to actually be Sickness and war and', 'yes my pay. William -- levied dance with stars wonderful and perhaps Emma Watson has and a -- yes so rare to actually be -- Sickness and war and -- -- -- ', 'Funny you should ask. Today we have the inside scoop on summer hair fixes. A guy who works with the likes of fergie,  emma watson  is here. Welcome rodney cutler. Thank you. Thank you for having me. I think every woman, every woman, no matter ', 'summer hair fixes. A guy who works with the likes of fergie, emma watson is here. Welcome rodney cutler. Thank you. Thank you for having me. I think every woman, every woman, no matter your age, ', "apparently it was a beautiful what Justin Bieber and  Emma Watson  has the most influential hair. Without and other. And loved his old frontal do I was sort of surprised about  Emma Watson  but maybe it's that little pixie she got the here's ", "apparently it was a beautiful -- -- -- what Justin Bieber and Emma Watson has the most influential hair. Without and other. And I imagine it was going to be but Justin -- and we we know the -- to people loved his old frontal do I was sort of surprised about Emma Watson but maybe it's that little pixie she got the -- here's the thing. I think I did a very deep analysis on ", "think I'm the hottest hair 2011 wondering just they lost that. there two other BRB you out there like his wish and  Emma Watson  takes the I love that kind of experience of adorable. the military buzz about me. And I love that can we just say ", '-- there two other BRB you out there like his wish and Emma Watson takes the I love that kind of experience of adorable. -- the military buzz about me. And I love that can we ', "It's gonna take awhile for any of these stars assertive you know escape the mantle of these roles. But what I spoke to  Emma Watson  just this past weekend He said you know she's always associated with Hermione Granger. She's a happy woman because ", "know escape the mantle of these roles. But what I spoke to Emma Watson just this past weekend He said you know she's always associated with Hermione Granger. She's a happy woman because it's been such "]