["Introducing Christina O, the former yacht of shipping tycoon Aristotle Onassis. But this isn't just any old luxury liner -- it's the backdrop to one of the most high-profile romances of the 20th century.", 'It was on board the 99-meter vessel that Onassis married former U.S. first lady, Jackie Kennedy. Now the elegant boat has been put up for sale for a whopping $32 million.', "The pair wed in 1968, sailing to Onassis' private island Scorpios. It certainly wasn't the first romance on the elegant yacht.", 'Before Jackie, Onassis embarked on a whirlwind love affair with opera singer Maria Callas (pictured in 1959). The yacht played host to a number of Hollywood stars, including Marilyn Monroe, Frank Sinatra, and Elizabeth Taylor. ', "It wasn't just screen sirens schmoozing on board. British Prime Minister Winston Churchill (pictured) also met U.S. President John F Kennedy for the first time on the yacht.", 'In 2001, the tired-looking vessel was restored to her former glory, and now boasts a mosaic top deck pool which can be converted into a dance floor.', "The elegant boat can accommodate 36 guests in 18 sumptuous staterooms. It also has all the luxury facilities you'd expect of a modern day superyacht, such as a fitness center, beauty salon, and jacuzzi. ", 'When not lounging by the top deck bar, more adventurous guests can test out the on board jetskis and windsurf equipment.', 'The luxury lounge area still has the original piano where Maria Callas and Frank Sinatra would entertain guests.', '"It really was the last word in opulence and many personalities were attracted by its ability to offer them some privacy, not just by its magnificence," said Nicholas Edmiston, chairman of the yacht company Edmiston, which plans to sell the vessel mid-August. ', 'Onassis died in 1975, leaving the yacht to his daughter Christina in his will. She, in turn, bequeathed it to the Greek government as a presidential yacht.', "Editor's note: MainSail is CNN's monthly sailing show, exploring the sport of sailing, luxury travel and the latest in design and technology.", '(CNN) -- If this yacht could talk, one can only imagine the stories it would tell about one of the most high-profile romances of the 20th century.', "The stately superyacht Christina O isn't just a gorgeous 99-meter vessel. It's the palatial setting where billionaire shipping tycoon Aristotle Onassis married Jackie Kennedy, the former wife of U.S. President John F Kennedy.", 'Known for its lavish parties, the elegant ship may well be called the "Love Boat," for its notorious on board romances -- and even a royal wedding.', 'In 1956 Prince Rainier of Monaco and U.S. screen siren Grace Kelly held their wedding reception on the boat, which accommodates 36 guests in 18 sumptuous staterooms.', "Onassis' own love affair with opera singer Maria Callas also played out on board, as they cruised exotic locations across Europe in the company of Hollywood stars Greta Garbo, Bette Davis and Margot Fonteyne.", "However, the affair ended abruptly when the tycoon courted President Kennedy's widow, Jackie, later marrying on the very same yacht in 1968, near his private island of Scorpios.", '"Aristotle Onassis saw Christina O as a powerful symbol of his growing business empire," said Nicholas Edmiston, chairman of the yacht company Edmiston, which plans to sell the vessel mid-August.', 'Aristotle Onassis saw Christina O as a powerful symbol of his growing business empireNicholas Edmiston, chairman of Edmiston', '"It really was the last word in opulence and many personalities were attracted by its ability to offer them some privacy, not just by its magnificence."', "It's been quite a journey for the boat which began life in 1943 as a World War II surplus Canadian frigate.", 'A decade later, Onassis bought the boat for just $34,000, gutting the interior and spending $4 million -- the equivalent of $45 million today -- converting her into one of the luxurious superyachts in the world.', 'In 1975, Onassis died and the yacht was left to his daughter, Christina, in his will. She in turn bequeathed it to the Greek government as a presidential yacht.', 'More than 20 years later, the tired-looking vessel was restored to its former glory, and now boasts an art deco dining room where Maria Callas and Frank Sinatra used to perform, an atrium with onyx pillars, and a mosaic pool which converts into a dance floor.', "With the launch of the gleaming new Azzam, Russian billionaire Roman Abramovich can no longer lay claim to being the owner of the world's largest superyacht.", 'MainSail takes a look at the life, legacy and achievements of the extraordinary British sailing Olympian Andrew "Bart" Simpson.', "He's fired darts at a gray whale, sped through St Petersburg in an F1 car, and taken a supersonic flight in a bomber jet.", "Jacques Cousteau's grandson, Fabien, plans to live in an underwater lab for 31 days to explore the deep-sea.", 'If this yacht could talk, one can only imagine the stories it would tell about one of the most high-profile romances of the 20th century.', 'With her curved wings and gleaming underbelly high above the waves, this space-age yacht might be better suited to the sky than the sea.', 'From Beyonce to Grace Kelly, now you can sail the seas on the very same superyachts used by the rich and famous.', 'The tour brings together superpowers from the worlds of both sailing and global business to enable amateur sailors to race with pro-sailors.', 'A naval ship has been turned into an underwater gallery featuring photographs of retro sailors and glamorous girls in a ghostly fantasy world.', 'With its luminous body hovering above the water, and five spidery legs plunging deep into the sea, this futuristic building could be in a sci-fi film.', 'Explorer James Cameron makes history after becoming the first person to reach the deepest point of the ocean solo. ', "As Spain's royal family prepares to give up a $27 million superyacht, here's a look back at how kings and queens sail the sea.", "Can you imagine a world where the sun never sets? For scientists in Antarctica, that's what they encountered.", 'The Mississippi River: home to grand old paddle steamers, blues music, Huckleberry Finn, and... pirate ships.', 'Three legendary around-the-world sailors share their extraordinary stories -- from coping with loneliness to battling harsh conditions.', '20 years of passion and a few million euros later, a French sailor has created the Hydroptere -- one of the fastest sailboats in the world.', 'An artist creates an unusual underwater gallery at the site of a shipwreck 90 feet under the sea. ', 'For centuries, lighthouses have illuminated the most treacherous coastlines in the world, offering a beacon of hope. ', "Silently huddled on the water's edge, waiting hours on end for a hint of action, may not be everyone's idea of a pleasurable pastime. ", "Richard Branson's 1986 speedboat has been found in a Spanish boatyard and is being restored to its former glory."]