['participate," said team captain Stephen Adshead. Synchronized swimming was glamorized by actress and professional swimmer  Esther Williams  in the 1940s and early 1950s. In the 1980s, comedians Martin Short and Harry Shearer poked fun at the idea of men ', "Big Names in Los Angeles Raise Some Big Cash for Obama -- and Didn't Ask for His Birth Certificate", 'took a wrong turn, and we spent a lot of days with magical people. I even got to find my childhood paper doll.  Esther Williams , still beautiful and ready to swim a duo. And in a moment so dear to all of you who wrote to me, the interview ', "In the 1940s and '50s,  Esther Williams  was one of the biggest movie little girls. Sawyer visited  Esther Williams  recently and found a beautiful world may have changed, what  Esther Williams  taught the little girls who loved ", '501(c)3 non-profit organization that provides services to low-income Camden City residents through the Mary  Esther Williams  Homework Centers, Anna B. Clark Summer Day Camp and Job Readiness & Employment Placement Program. Our goal is to ', 'predominantly woman s sport, and that suits Bill May just fine. Think of synchronized swimming, and visions of  Esther Williams  come to mind: Women with Vaseline-slicked hair, nose plugs and makeup who compete on teams named the Mermaids ', "stars but no one the splash of  Esther Williams . And Hollywood's golden age the title of one of her films.  Esther Williams  is also credited as one of the when she retired from the screen  Esther Williams  took a whole none of movie musicals ", "There were bigger movie stars but no one -- the splash of Esther Williams . And Hollywood's golden age Williams starred in a series of -- musicals showcasing her spectacular skills as a swimmer and diver. Williams ", 'the million dollar mermaid after the title of one of her films. Esther Williams is also credited as one of the originators of synchronized swimming. She probably called when the sport debuted in the 1984 Olympics. It was nineteen -- and sport. And I love did I loved to watch them when she retired from the screen Esther Williams took a whole none of movie musicals with -- Proving she was literally irreplaceable. Brady hit ABC news Los Angeles. ', 'And we have a passing to note tonight.  Esther williams , a certified movie legend, and you can still see her splashing in those old movies on the cable channel. But something else ', 'And we have a passing to note tonight. Esther williams , a certified movie legend, and you can still see her splashing in those old movies on the cable channel. But something else ', 'swam straight out of a bygone era. But watch out  Esther Williams  Phillies synchronized swimmers for the I phone era ailments hiring another generation to channel their inner  Esther Williams . And introducing many others to a magic. That was ', 'like he swam straight out of a bygone era. But watch out Esther Williams -- -- Phillies -- synchronized swimmers for the I phone era. They are just about the hottest thing in Hollywood. Think ourselves ', "-- -- -- -- -- hiring another generation to channel their inner Esther Williams . And introducing many others to a magic. That was nearly lost. There's something inherently theatrical about reference saying a bygone era especially ", "Olympics and He was gracious enough to help us out with an unscientific experiment. He probably guess that's not  Esther Williams  gliding through the water there. So. Michael Phelps has nothing Michael Phelps some. Exactly what we wanted to ", "help us out with an unscientific experiment. He probably guess that's not Esther Williams gliding through the water there. So. Michael Phelps has nothing -- -- Michael Phelps some. Exactly what we wanted to see what ", 'Everybody is had a chance to spend time with some of that really. a them  Esther Williams  name of Carol Burnett and so I guess this for the day with the screen legend who wrote who rewrote the rule book on so important ', 'spend time with some of that really. -- a -- -- them Esther Williams -- name of Carol Burnett and so I guess this for the day with the screen legend who wrote who rewrote the ', "was honored at the Oscars surprisingly He never won for best director. And there's the American aquatic actress  Esther Williams  captured in some pool from the movie set but her own. Just another jam in this library of lore. But Hollywood home ", "He never won for best director. And there's the American aquatic actress Esther Williams captured -- in some pool from the movie set but her own. Just another jam in this library of lore. But -- ", "Hollywood legends in their own backyards. Literally. Alfred Hitchcock you've never seen him fourteen with his daughter  Esther Williams  said her daughter and of course they're cool. Decades later. These were donated to the Academy of Motion Picture ", "Alfred Hitchcock -- you've never seen him fourteen -- with his daughter Esther Williams said her daughter and of course they're cool. Decades later. These were donated to the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences "]