['It pays to be related to the stars. Michael Jackson\'s 16 year-old-son Prince is following in his father\'s Hollywood footprints and is working in the entertainment industry. Prince Jackson has landed a gig as special correspondent for "Entertainment Tonight." "I\'m looking to become well-rounded as a', "Vivienne Jolie-Pitt's Acting Debut, Plus 7 More Celeb Kids Mimicking Their Parents", 'It pays to star in an Angelina Jolie movie. Just ask her 4-year-old daughter, Vivienne Jolie-Pitt. It was announced last year that Vivienne -- one of six kids Jolie has with her fiance Brad Pitt -- will appear in her mom\'s Disney film "Maleficent," which tells the story of Sleeping Beauty from the', "David Beckham's son Romeo is following in his famous dad's footsteps, and we're not talking about the soccer field. Romeo, who turns 11 in January, is the star of Burberry's Spring/Summer 2013 ad campaign. Rocking a kids' trench coat and a big grin, he looks like a natural in front of the camera.", 'With Tom Cruise and Nicole Kidman as parents, one would think Connor Cruise would follow in their footsteps to become an award-winning actor. But Cruise has music in his future. The 17-year-old deejayed on "Live with Kelly and Michael" Monday, playing music for the audience and the hosts during', "real-life daughter Maude, who plays one of Paul Rudd and Leslie Mann's two daughters. Susan Sarandon and  Eva Amurri  By the time she had  Eva Amurri , Susan Sarandon had more than a dozen films under her belt and an Oscar nomination. So when Amurri ", "real-life daughter Maude, who plays one of Paul Rudd and Leslie Mann's two daughters. Susan Sarandon and  Eva Amurri  By the time she had  Eva Amurri , Susan Sarandon had more than a dozen films under her belt and an Oscar nomination. So when Amurri ", 'Tom Hanks\' son is following the actor\'s path to stardom, though he\'s taking a decidedly different route from the "Forrest Gump" star. He\'s changed his name, and he\'s rapping. Chester Hanks, known by the stage name Chet Haze, has slowly been building a rapping career. First, he put out "White and', "Tiger Woods' niece is clearly a chip off the old block. Cheyenne Woods inherited her uncle's love of golf -- Tiger Woods' half brother is her father. But when the 21-year-old teed off during a practice round for the U.S. Women's Open golf tournament in Wisconsin last week, she also revealed how", "real-life daughter Maude, who plays one of Paul Rudd and Leslie Mann's two daughters. Susan Sarandon and  Eva Amurri  By the time she had  Eva Amurri , Susan Sarandon had more than a dozen films under her belt and an Oscar nomination. So when Amurri ", "real-life daughter Maude, who plays one of Paul Rudd and Leslie Mann's two daughters. Susan Sarandon and  Eva Amurri  By the time she had  Eva Amurri , Susan Sarandon had more than a dozen films under her belt and an Oscar nomination. So when Amurri ", "real-life daughter Maude, who plays one of Paul Rudd and Leslie Mann's two daughters. Susan Sarandon and  Eva Amurri  By the time she had  Eva Amurri , Susan Sarandon had more than a dozen films under her belt and an Oscar nomination. So when Amurri ", 'out four memorable mother/daughter acting duos: Charles Eshelman/FilmMagic 1. Susan Sarandon and  Eva Amurri  By the time she had  Eva Amurri , Susan Sarandon had more than a dozen films under her belt and an Oscar nomination. So when Amurri ', 'they never married, the couple have two sons together, Jack, 20, and Miles, 17. Sarandon also has a daughter,  Eva Amurri , from her 1980s relationship with director Franco Amurri. This spring, Sarandon told Entertainment Weekly that being ', "You're about to a lovely. Young woman. And Moret Good morning joining an aide to talk about her new film the life before. Her and I have to start by saying that your mother is wonderful Susan's. Yes he's you look just like her say that feeling it's actually funny people say that sometimes but"]