["Editor's note: MainSail is CNN's monthly sailing show, exploring the sport of sailing, luxury travel and the latest in design and technology.", "For scientists cruising Antarctica in a mammoth 94-meter ship, that's exactly the surreal realm they encountered.", 'Now their remarkable two-month expedition has been condensed into a haunting time-lapse video, following the floating laboratory as it plowed its way through some of the most brutal conditions on the planet.', '"We arrived in summer, mid-February, when there was 24-hour sunlight," Stanford University Ph.D student, Cassandra Brooks, told CNN.', '"The sun would move from high in the sky to very low, but would never completely disappear. I didn\'t get tired until 1.am -- it was very energizing."', "Brooks, who is studying international ocean policy, was one of 30 U.S. scientists monitoring Antarctica's unique eco-system, as part of a National Science Foundation research cruise.", 'The ship wound its way along the stunning Ross Sea -- believed to be the last untouched marine eco-system on the planet -- providing scientists with an important insight into one of our few remaining healthy waterways.', 'During the summer months, Antarctica -- the southern most tip of the globe -- is transformed into a bewitching "Land of the Midnight Sun," where the sun never dips below the horizon, instead continuously moving in circles.', 'After more than a week of this extraordinary phenomenon, the team finally saw their first sunset at 1.am -- an experience Brooks described as "like touching infinity."', '"Brilliant orange light streamed through the portholes on the starboard side of the ship. I peeled myself away from my microscope, dashed across the room and peered outside to catch the sun blazing down on the horizon," the 33-year-old said.', '"The sight took my breath away -- the sky was on fire, turning the ocean a deep purple red. Gusts of wind collided with the wide rolling swells, driving an arc of brilliant pink spray 10 feet into the air."', "For more than two months, this 94-meter ship was home to a team of scientists researching Antarctica's unique eco-system. ", 'Heading off in summer, the team encountered a surreal world where the sun never sets. "When everything is covered in ice you get these beautiful blueish gray hues. The texture of the light is very very soft -- almost as though you could reach out and touch it," said Stanford University student Cassandra Brooks.', 'Brooks attached a video camera to the bow of the ship, condensing the remarkable journey into a five minutes time-lapse clip. ', 'When the sun finally did set at 1am, Brooks was filled with wonder. "These moments -- humbled by the extreme elements and exhilarated by the sheer beauty of the place -- here at the bottom of the world, are like touching infinity," she said.', "The Youtube clip has become an internet sensation, attracting more than 500,000 hits. Narrated by Brooks, it follows the ship Nathaniel B Palmer as it winds its way along Antarctica's Ross Sea. ", 'The research ship has been studying Antarctica for more than two decades and is equipped with a state-of-the-art laboratory, helicopter hanger, gym, library and conference rooms. ', "Brooks was part of a team measuring plankton in the water. During the summer months, Antarctica's green plankton bloom grows so large it can be seen from outer space.", '"We were there to test what happens to all that phytoplankton, which provides a vital source of carbon -- or food -- to the system. Does it sink out to the bottom? Get eaten over the summer? Does it get transported out of the system? Many think that this large source of phytoplankton is the reason why the Ross Sea has such large populations of predators," explained Brooks.', '"The Ross Sea is the last intact marine ecosystem we have left on the planet, according to many scientists," said Brooks. "Some say it is our last chance to understand how a healthy marine ecosystem functions."', 'Despite the breath-taking beauty of this icy underworld, conditions could also be brutal with winds of 110 kilometers per hour and temperatures plunging to -40C.', 'Despite the breathtaking beauty of this icy underworld, conditions could also be brutal with winds of 110 kilometers per hour and temperatures plunging to -40C.', "On these extreme days, scientists weren't allowed outside on the deck covered in a slippery -- and dangerous --layer of ice.", '"If you fell overboard you\'d be dead within minutes because the water is below freezing," said Brooks.', '"Yet it\'s an environment that\'s also teeming with animals such as emperor penguins and Weddell seals."', 'Sometimes tightly packed ice up to 10 ft deep threatened to trap the ship -- Brooks admitted on previous expeditions it had been stuck for weeks -- and it was forced to spend hours reversing and ramming its way through.', 'The adventure was caught on film after Brooks attached a video camera to the bow of the boat -- capturing everything from blazing sunshine to fierce storms.', "For more than two months, the team cruised Antarctica's wild Ross Sea -- more than 5,000 kilometers from the closest country; New Zealand.", 'Their ship, the Nathaniel B Palmer, became a floating island in itself, equipped with a helicopter hanger, gym, industrial kitchen, library, conference room and laboratory.', 'Brooks was part of a team measuring plankton in the water and would usually start her experiments at 7.am, working until 8.pm.', "During the summer months, Antarctica's green plankton bloom grows so large it can be seen from outer space.", '"We were there to test what happens to all that phytoplankton, which provides a vital source of carbon -- or food -- to the system," Brooks explained.', '"Does it sink out to the bottom? Get eaten over the summer? Does it get transported out of the system? Many think that this large source of phytoplankton is the reason why the Ross Sea has such large populations of predators.', '"Some people would still be up sampling water until 4.am," she added. "The idea of weekends and normal Friday nights completely disappears."', "If you fell overboard you'd be dead within minutes because the water is below freezingCassandra Brooks", 'For Brooks, the journey was more than just a science expedition -- it was a spiritual experience which gave her a renewed appreciation for mighty mother nature.', '"It\'s such an obviously beautiful place but also surreal -- the conditions are so extreme so you\'re seeing a whole other world you\'ve never seen before."', 'Many scientists now believe the Ross Sea is the last untouched marine ecosystem in the world.', "With the launch of the gleaming new Azzam, Russian billionaire Roman Abramovich can no longer lay claim to being the owner of the world's largest superyacht.", 'MainSail takes a look at the life, legacy and achievements of the extraordinary British sailing Olympian Andrew "Bart" Simpson.', "He's fired darts at a gray whale, sped through St Petersburg in an F1 car, and taken a supersonic flight in a bomber jet.", "Jacques Cousteau's grandson, Fabien, plans to live in an underwater lab for 31 days to explore the deep-sea.", 'If this yacht could talk, one can only imagine the stories it would tell about one of the most high-profile romances of the 20th century.', 'With her curved wings and gleaming underbelly high above the waves, this space-age yacht might be better suited to the sky than the sea.', 'From Beyonce to Grace Kelly, now you can sail the seas on the very same superyachts used by the rich and famous.', 'The tour brings together superpowers from the worlds of both sailing and global business to enable amateur sailors to race with pro-sailors.', 'A naval ship has been turned into an underwater gallery featuring photographs of retro sailors and glamorous girls in a ghostly fantasy world.', 'With its luminous body hovering above the water, and five spidery legs plunging deep into the sea, this futuristic building could be in a sci-fi film.', 'Explorer James Cameron makes history after becoming the first person to reach the deepest point of the ocean solo. ', "As Spain's royal family prepares to give up a $27 million superyacht, here's a look back at how kings and queens sail the sea.", "Can you imagine a world where the sun never sets? For scientists in Antarctica, that's what they encountered.", 'The Mississippi River: home to grand old paddle steamers, blues music, Huckleberry Finn, and... pirate ships.', 'Three legendary around-the-world sailors share their extraordinary stories -- from coping with loneliness to battling harsh conditions.', '20 years of passion and a few million euros later, a French sailor has created the Hydroptere -- one of the fastest sailboats in the world.', 'An artist creates an unusual underwater gallery at the site of a shipwreck 90 feet under the sea. ', 'For centuries, lighthouses have illuminated the most treacherous coastlines in the world, offering a beacon of hope. ', "Silently huddled on the water's edge, waiting hours on end for a hint of action, may not be everyone's idea of a pleasurable pastime. ", "Richard Branson's 1986 speedboat has been found in a Spanish boatyard and is being restored to its former glory."]