['Actress was known for starring roles in so-called aqua-musicals that showcased her swimming skills.', 'And we have a passing to note tonight.  Esther williams , a certified movie legend, and you can still see her splashing in those old movies on the cable channel. But something else ', 'And we have a passing to note tonight. Esther williams , a certified movie legend, and you can still see her splashing in those old movies on the cable channel. But something else ', 'swam straight out of a bygone era. But watch out  Esther Williams  Phillies synchronized swimmers for the I phone era ailments hiring another generation to channel their inner  Esther Williams . And introducing many others to a magic. That was ', 'like he swam straight out of a bygone era. But watch out Esther Williams -- -- Phillies -- synchronized swimmers for the I phone era. They are just about the hottest thing in Hollywood. Think ourselves ', "-- -- -- -- -- hiring another generation to channel their inner Esther Williams . And introducing many others to a magic. That was nearly lost. There's something inherently theatrical about reference saying a bygone era especially ", "Olympics and He was gracious enough to help us out with an unscientific experiment. He probably guess that's not  Esther Williams  gliding through the water there. So. Michael Phelps has nothing Michael Phelps some. Exactly what we wanted to ", "help us out with an unscientific experiment. He probably guess that's not Esther Williams gliding through the water there. So. Michael Phelps has nothing -- -- Michael Phelps some. Exactly what we wanted to see what ", 'Everybody is had a chance to spend time with some of that really. a them  Esther Williams  name of Carol Burnett and so I guess this for the day with the screen legend who wrote who rewrote the rule book on so important ', 'spend time with some of that really. -- a -- -- them Esther Williams -- name of Carol Burnett and so I guess this for the day with the screen legend who wrote who rewrote the ', "was honored at the Oscars surprisingly He never won for best director. And there's the American aquatic actress  Esther Williams  captured in some pool from the movie set but her own. Just another jam in this library of lore. But Hollywood home ", "He never won for best director. And there's the American aquatic actress Esther Williams captured -- in some pool from the movie set but her own. Just another jam in this library of lore. But -- ", "Hollywood legends in their own backyards. Literally. Alfred Hitchcock you've never seen him fourteen with his daughter  Esther Williams  said her daughter and of course they're cool. Decades later. These were donated to the Academy of Motion Picture ", "Alfred Hitchcock -- you've never seen him fourteen -- with his daughter Esther Williams said her daughter and of course they're cool. Decades later. These were donated to the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences ", "preserve hundreds of rare home movies when Hollywood was young. Ginger Rogers. Alfred Hitchcock in his daughter and  Esther Williams  and her son. Steve Maclean family. They're screened for the public at. Along with homemade movies of non celebrity ", "when Hollywood was young. Ginger Rogers. Alfred Hitchcock in his daughter and Esther Williams and her son. Steve Maclean family. They're screened for the public -- -- at. Along with homemade movies of non celebrity. Anyone "]