['(Photo Credit: Getty Images)  Eva Longoria  is in love and she\'s letting everyone know it. Twitter Housewives" star began popping up the past few months. See  Eva Longoria  laugh off some wardrobe issues Once the news was out ', 'Maids," a new television series produced by actress  Eva Longoria  , hasn\'t even premiered yet but it\'s already drawing rest of her career essentially reprising that role.  Eva Longoria , Marc Cherry and Lifetime did not reply to requests ', 'Vittorio Zunino Celotto/Getty Images At least she has a sense of humor: A day after  Eva Longoria  accidentally flashed photographers while going commando on the red carpet in Cannes, she choose a sheer dress that clearly showed ', 'announced Monday night in a red carpet affair at the Los Angeles restaurant owned by actress and "Do Us a Flavor" judge  Eva Longoria , was the brainchild of Karen Weber-Mendham, a mom-of-three from Land O\' Lakes, Wis. Weber-Mendham appeared ', 'year . So congrats, or something. Honorable mentions: John McCain and Snooki bond on Twitter over tanning taxes,  Eva Longoria  retweets racially-charged remark at Mitt Romney, initially denies it, then apologizes.', 'three possible ingredients and a description or inspiration for their flavor. A judging panel that included actress  Eva Longoria  and chef Michael Symon narrowed down the initial submissions to the final three. The three new flavors of chips will ', "MarthaRaddatz) January 21, 2013 8:08 a.m. -  Eva Longoria  Wakes Up to with the White House Woke up to a miniature chocolate! Thank u Mandarin! say.ly/syu50iT -  Eva Longoria  (@EvaLongoria) January 21, 2013 Curated by ABC's ", 'closing loopholes. We\'ve dealt with the tax rate issue. Now it\'s about loopholes." http://abcn.ws/VeFvQU - EVA LONGORIA : IMMIGRATION SYSTEM IS \'BROKEN.\' The actress, who served as co-chair of President Obama\'s reelection campaign ', 'Actress  Eva Longoria  on ABC\'s "This Week" Award-winning actress and emerging Washington power player  Eva Longoria  told us on "This Week" that immigration reform should be a top priority ', 'the way winners are selected. But none of the artists or presenters, including actress and inauguration co-chair  Eva Longoria , who played host for the evening, mentioned the criticism. "We\'re here," Biden said, "to celebrate Hispanics ', 'Saturday at 9:30 a.m. on the National Mall. National Day of Service Honorary Chair Chelsea Clinton PIC Co-Chair  Eva Longoria  Singer/songwriter Ben Folds Iraq war veteran and Delaware Attorney General Beau Biden American Heart Association spokesperson ', 'Patriot Voices. And as Washington prepares for a party, actress and Presidential Inauguration Committee co-chair  Eva Longoria  comes to "This Week" to discuss the weekend\'s inaugural celebrations. Tune in Sunday: http://abcnews.go ', 'desperate housewive," and obama campaign co-chair  eva longoria . She tweeted this picture just hours ago. And she those are the people we have to thank. Right. Right.  Eva longoria , we thank you so much. I think we all hope and pray ', 'of his biggest backers was former "desperate housewive," and obama campaign co-chair eva longoria . She tweeted this picture just hours ago. And she joins us on the phone. Hi, eva. Good morning. Have you gone to ', 'polling sites, those are the people we have to thank. Right. Right. Eva longoria , we thank you so much. I think we all hope and pray that his words come true. Red states, blue states, from ', 'these events and joins us now,  eva longoria , welcome to "this week." Hello journal" yesterday, front page, " eva longoria \'s next role, hispanic activist that. Good luck this week. And,  eva longoria , thanks very much. Thanks. And ', 'too and another big star co-chairing these events and joins us now, eva longoria , welcome to "this week." Hello. How are you? This is your first inaugural but the president\'s second, so how does he recapture ', 'week including the cover of "the wall street journal" yesterday, front page, " eva longoria\'s next role, hispanic activist in washington." It goes on to say "her role reaches beyond fund-raising and speech making and into policy ', 'i came from. Good luck with that. Good luck this week. And, eva longoria , thanks very much. Thanks. And now we honor our fellow americans who serve and sacrifice. This week the pentagon released the name ', 'Eva Longoria  changes dresses 11 times and Christina Aguilera shows off her curves at the ALMA Awards', 'Eva Longoria  changes dresses 11 times and Christina Aguilera shows off her curves at the ALMA Awards', 'restaurateur and today she is another american in mourning. She is  eva longoria . how are you? Good to see you. Whoo, what a morning, huh Com/lays and you can submit as many times as you want. Done.  Eva longoria . Thank you.', 'and restaurateur and today she is another american in mourning. She is eva longoria . how are you? Good to see you. Whoo, what a morning, huh? We thank you. We know you just like the rest ', 'facebook.Com/lays and you can submit as many times as you want. Done. Eva longoria . Thank you. ', "here on Eee PC these last eight years but 37 year old  Eva Longoria  AKA also lease says. It's the right time to was steering Yeah and but again cheers. It was worth really.  Eva Longoria  has gotten saucy down to a science student who claimed ", "here on Eee PC these last eight years but 37 year old Eva Longoria AKA -- also lease says. It's the right time to -- was steering Elaine. And in the journey that took her from ", 'and but -- again -- cheers. It was worth -- -- really. Eva Longoria has gotten saucy down to a science student who claimed the suburban sex -- -- also -- For eight seasons of Desperate ', 'Source says the actress is heating up her relationship with Jets quarterback Mark Sanchez.', 'Take me on? Yes. We begin with  eva longoria  reaching new heights these days. The pint-sized actress was spotted wearing these. Check them out. Seven-inch, snakeskin ', 'Take me on? Yes. We begin with eva longoria reaching new heights these days. The pint-sized actress was spotted wearing these. Check them out. Seven-inch, snakeskin platform shoes. Are they real? ']