['wouldn\'t have gotten into the messes I did in my personal life." Borgnine went through four wives, including singer  Ethel Merman  - a marriage that lasted less than six weeks in 1964 - before he wed Norwegian-born Tova Traesnaes in 1973, and that ', 'one was highly charged with innuendo, as Hoover referred to himself as the "Chairman of the Moral Uplift Squad."  Ethel Merman , who had known Hoover since 1938, knew his sexual orientation, according to Summers. In 1978 when the actress was ', 'business, but there are several businesses like accounting?"A: Woody AllenB. David LettermanC. Groucho MarxD.  Ethel Merman  2. Which one of these businesses started out as a home-based business?A. XeroxB. DisneyC. L.L. BeanD. Amazon ', 'Last? The Golden Age of Hollywood also had its share of short unions and frequently married stars. In her memoirs,  Ethel Merman  included a chapter called "My Marriage to Ernest Borgnine" which lasted 32 days that consisted of one blank page ', 'announcer urging viewers to tune in Thursday, same Bat Time, same Bat Channel. With stars Vincent Price, Joan Collins,  Ethel Merman , Eartha Kitt and Cesar Romero clamoring for parts as guest villains, the show will be remembered as the first to hold ', 'Girl" tour is a highlight at Frederick\'s of Hollywood\'s Lingerie Museum, which has a collection that includes  Ethel Merman \'s girdle from "There\'s No Business Like Show Business" and Tom Hank\'s "Forrest Gump" boxers. Historians will ', 'Elizabeth Taylor, who have been married a combined 13 times (if you count Richard Burton twice) and Ernest Borgnine and  Ethel Merman , two of the loudest people in Hollywood history, who stayed married for a whole month in 1964. [Next: Dating Science ', "reality TV's Darva Conger and Rick Rockwell; the tattooed Angelina Jolie and Billy Bob Thornton and Ernest Borgnine and  Ethel Merman , two of the loudest people in Hollywood history, who stayed married for a whole month in 1964. Buck Wolf is entertainment ", 'improvement but that perhaps it would be wiser for me to get out of ethnic music and into the straight classics, like  Ethel Merman . As he was ushering me to the door and telling me not to phone him that he would phone me, I said, "Wait, Mr ', 'hours, and the cast included such comic heavyweights as Milton Berle, Sid Caesar, Phil Silvers, Buster Keaton,  Ethel Merman , Mickey Rooney, Terry-Thomas, Buddy Hackett, Jimmy Durante, Joe E. Brown, Zasu Pitts and Jonathan Winters ', "allow you would Whitney yeah and then music and a little bit nutty. Then I'm thinking. Although I am okay let me  Ethel Merman  hello. yeah dollars a ago ten years. I don't know Broadway I'm not a Broadway guy I know I hesitate I just I don't ", "bit nutty. Then I'm thinking. Although I am okay let me -- Ethel Merman hello. -- yeah -- dollars a -- ago ten years. I don't know Broadway I'm not a Broadway guy I know I ", 'of my head. You know, I still do stuff on "bones." I love that. In the book, you talk about backstage doing an  ethel merman  impersonization. You were talking about your character of paul riser? Well, married and then divorced. But her voice ', 'I love that. In the book, you talk about backstage doing an ethel merman impersonization. You were talking about your character of paul riser? Well, married and then divorced. But her voice came through this funny ', 'decent era in the night according to those around me I could really act the part. So say. What I lack in in power in  Ethel Merman . I Aaron really brought the emotional side you know maybe streak of candy I was a great interpreter. She made the ', 'the part. So -- say. What I lack in in power in Ethel Merman . I Aaron really brought the emotional side you know maybe -- -- -- -- streak of candy I was a great interpreter. ', 'of this Hollywood. Actor author wrote that report live from the Academy Award winner nine and legendary songstress  Ethel Merman  and There can barely made it past their Just 32 days autobiography has chapter on her mayors to Borg nine as he reveals ', 'live from the Academy Award winner -- -- nine and legendary songstress Ethel Merman and -- -- -- There can barely made it past their -- -- Just 32 days -- autobiography has -- chapter on ']