['satisfy the fever dreams of video-game-obsessed kids. Adults might be checking their watches. But a glimpse of  Bill Bixby  and a cameo by Lou Ferrigno (the TV Hulks) will amuse more mature audiences. Robert Downey Jr. makes a brief appearance ', "they're wrong, it could sink franchise hopes for the big green guy, who made for a popular 1970s television series with  Bill Bixby  and is behind only Spider-Man and X-Men in Marvel comic-book popularity. But translating Hulk onto a 30-foot ", 'of the comics he grew up reading as a kid. His familiarity with the Hulk came more from the \'70s TV series starring  Bill Bixby . As he told ABC News Radio, "The Hulk was not one of the comics I read regularly. I liked Batman a lot. When the ', "characters-as-cubicle-drones ads for IBM's machines.  Bill Bixby  and the Radio Shack Tandy 2000 (1983) By the time Radio already given poor Isaac Asimov the boot in favor of TV's  Bill Bixby . Bixby had an oddly schizophrenic public image. On ", 'express this inner rage." Indebted to  Bill Bixby  and Lou Ferrigno Today\'s comic 1982. Some fans who eagerly watched  Bill Bixby  hitchhike his way from town to town monster within us all. Maybe when  Bill Bixby \'s Banner told reporter Jack McGee ', 'On the 1970s TV show, Banner and his big, green alter ego, were played by two different actors, specifically,  Bill Bixby  and Lou Ferrigno. Hmm, "Bana is Bruce Banner" kinda has a nice ring to it. No deal has yet been made for Bana ', 'On the 1970s TV show, Banner and his big, green alter ego, were played by two different actors, specifically,  Bill Bixby  and Lou Ferrigno. Hmm, "Bana is Bruce Banner" kinda has a nice ring to it. No deal has yet been made for Bana ', 'On the 1970s TV show, Banner and his big, green alter ego, were played by two different actors, specifically,  Bill Bixby  and Lou Ferrigno. Hmm, "Bana is Bruce Banner" kinda has a nice ring to it. No deal has yet been made for Bana ', 'On the 1970s TV show, Banner and his big, green alter ego, were played by two different actors, specifically,  Bill Bixby  and Lou Ferrigno. Hmm, "Bana is Bruce Banner" kinda has a nice ring to it. No deal has yet been made for Bana ', 'On the 1970s TV show, Banner and his big, green alter ego, were played by two different actors, specifically,  Bill Bixby  and Lou Ferrigno. Hmm, "Bana is Bruce Banner" kinda has a nice ring to it. No deal has yet been made for Bana ', 'On the 1970s TV show, Banner and his big, green alter ego, were played by two different actors, specifically,  Bill Bixby  and Lou Ferrigno. Hmm, "Bana is Bruce Banner" kinda has a nice ring to it. No deal has yet been made for Bana ']