["One of President Obama's biggest celebrity supporters, Eva Longoria calls in to 'GMA.'", 'these events and joins us now,  eva longoria , welcome to "this week." Hello journal" yesterday, front page, " eva longoria \'s next role, hispanic activist that. Good luck this week. And,  eva longoria , thanks very much. Thanks. And ', 'too and another big star co-chairing these events and joins us now, eva longoria , welcome to "this week." Hello. How are you? This is your first inaugural but the president\'s second, so how does he recapture ', 'week including the cover of "the wall street journal" yesterday, front page, " eva longoria\'s next role, hispanic activist in washington." It goes on to say "her role reaches beyond fund-raising and speech making and into policy ', 'i came from. Good luck with that. Good luck this week. And, eva longoria , thanks very much. Thanks. And now we honor our fellow americans who serve and sacrifice. This week the pentagon released the name ', 'Eva Longoria  changes dresses 11 times and Christina Aguilera shows off her curves at the ALMA Awards', 'Eva Longoria  changes dresses 11 times and Christina Aguilera shows off her curves at the ALMA Awards', 'restaurateur and today she is another american in mourning. She is  eva longoria . how are you? Good to see you. Whoo, what a morning, huh Com/lays and you can submit as many times as you want. Done.  Eva longoria . Thank you.', 'and restaurateur and today she is another american in mourning. She is eva longoria . how are you? Good to see you. Whoo, what a morning, huh? We thank you. We know you just like the rest ', 'facebook.Com/lays and you can submit as many times as you want. Done. Eva longoria . Thank you. ', "here on Eee PC these last eight years but 37 year old  Eva Longoria  AKA also lease says. It's the right time to was steering Yeah and but again cheers. It was worth really.  Eva Longoria  has gotten saucy down to a science student who claimed ", "here on Eee PC these last eight years but 37 year old Eva Longoria AKA -- also lease says. It's the right time to -- was steering Elaine. And in the journey that took her from ", 'and but -- again -- cheers. It was worth -- -- really. Eva Longoria has gotten saucy down to a science student who claimed the suburban sex -- -- also -- For eight seasons of Desperate ', 'Source says the actress is heating up her relationship with Jets quarterback Mark Sanchez.', 'Take me on? Yes. We begin with  eva longoria  reaching new heights these days. The pint-sized actress was spotted wearing these. Check them out. Seven-inch, snakeskin ', 'Take me on? Yes. We begin with eva longoria reaching new heights these days. The pint-sized actress was spotted wearing these. Check them out. Seven-inch, snakeskin platform shoes. Are they real? ', 'some "pop news" shall we? Good morning to you. We report this morning and sangoria is no more. Mark sanchez and  eva longoria  is calling it quits. You didn\'t understand that that was sangoria? I thought it was a pitcher of something. It\'s ', "We report this morning and sangoria is no more. Mark sanchez and eva longoria is calling it quits. You didn't understand that that was sangoria? I thought it was a pitcher of something. It's 5:00 somewhere. ", "latina in the country, that didn't roll her eyes. Here we go. Another latina character that's a maid. Reporter:  Eva longoria  is the show's executive producer. She says the criticism overshadows a singular groundbreaking achievement. It is ", "her eyes. Here we go. Another latina character that's a maid. Reporter: Eva longoria is the show's executive producer. She says the criticism overshadows a singular groundbreaking achievement. It is the first show ever to feature ", "They didn't come under one American life Bill Clinton by an illegal is one to me. Where where are the stars like  Eva Longoria  who support legislation. That threatened that they give Americans. Have they taken the time to speak with the family ", '-- is one -- to me. Where where are the stars like Eva Longoria who -- -- support legislation. That threatened that they give Americans. Have they taken the time to speak with the family could ', "right now. To own real life drama my name went through very painful divorce even talks about at all I was dealing with the issue months before it. Ever even one of her great China.  Eva Longoria  Here's Good Morning America Thursday ABC.", "months before it. Ever -- even one of her great -- China. Eva Longoria -- Here's Good Morning America Thursday -- ABC. ", "With your cover story I think a lot of people are really surprised this  Eva Longoria . And Trey Parker that they're splitting up. even Tony have called it quits now. She discovered belatedly in October that he ", "story I think a lot of people are really surprised -- this Eva Longoria . And Trey Parker -- that they're splitting up. -- even Tony have called it quits now. She discovered belatedly in October that ", "She burns up the small screen and Desperate Housewives every Sunday night. But now  Eva Longoria  is heating up the kitchen she's got a new book out about cooking for friends and family. It's called his kitchen we're very ", "up the small screen and Desperate Housewives every Sunday night. But now Eva Longoria is heating up the kitchen she's got a new -- book out about cooking for friends and family. It's called -- his ", "we're saying it? Cannes. Cannes. I want to make sure. The cannes runway 2013. First, contestant number one.  Eva longoria . Then, contestant number two. Emma watson in chanel couture. And finally, contestant number three. Look closely ", 'want to make sure. The cannes runway 2013. First, contestant number one. Eva longoria . Then, contestant number two. Emma watson in chanel couture. And finally, contestant number three. Look closely. This is a woman wearing an ', 'Eva Longoria  cooks up some hot recipes from the "Desperate Housewives Cookbook."']