['If 2008 was the year of Jennifer Aniston, 2009 is shaping up to bring even more big moments for the star.At the top of the list are the rumors that Jen will upstage ...', "People magazine did not Photoshop the picture on its latest cover of Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie's smiling newborn daughter Vivienne, as New York magazine suggested...", 'Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie  launching their own wine: Strangest celebrity product?', "The world's most genetically blessed couple is releasing their own wine next month, Bloomberg reports. And we trust Brad and Angelina's taste in wine because ... oh,...", "Country sensation lands first number one on the Billboard 100;  Brangelina's  daughter making big-screen debut", 'Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie  reportedly set to marry this weekend: Biggest celeb wedding ever?', "Here come Mr. and Mrs. Pitt? Speculation is rising that Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie will marry at their French home this weekend, with guests including Brad's paren...", 'Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie have stepped out together at the premiere of zombie thriller "World War Z" -- Jolie\'s first public appearance since announcing last mont...', "From Brangelina's burgeoning adopted brood to Giuliana Rancic's baby mama, the glitterati have made alternative ways of bringing home baby look easy. But it's only e...", 'Hollywood golden couple Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie have signed papers paving the way for a legal separation with joint custody of their six children, The Sunday Ti...', '" Brangelina ( search )" continued to pretend they barely know each other while attending a panel discussion at former President Bill Clinton\'s ( search ) Global Ini...', 'Kate Middleton. Kim Kardashian. Jessica Simpson.2013 is already shaping up to be the year of the celebrity baby, with a slew of star-studded offspring due to be welc...', 'Brad Pitt is best known for his acting resume and as half of Brangelina, but some of his biggest roles these days take place off screen, and outsie the tabloids.Whil...', 'Only a few short weeks ago, Robert Pattinson and Kristen Stewart, the most famous couple in Hollywood, yes, one that has even managed to overshadow the famous "Brang...', "Robert Downey Jr. is Hollywood's No. 1 leading man. That's what New York Magazine says, anyway. Last week, the magazine featured its list of Hollywood's 100 most val...", "Are the Brangelina twins boys or girls? Will they be delivered naturally or by Caesarean?Angelina Jolie's obstetrician, Michel Sussmann, declined to answer several b...", 'Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie  finally engaged: Most anticipated celebrity wedding?', 'No, this isn\'t just another false alarm -- seven years and six kids after they "fell in love," Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie are really engaged. "Yes, it\'s confirmed....', "Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie  visit McDonald's drive-through: Which celebrity is addicted to junk food?", "You'd think they be dining on Champagne and caviar, but Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie visited a McDonald's drive-thru in Los Angeles last Saturday, Just Jared reports..."]