['Favorite TV Mom WINNER: Phylicia Rashad as "Clair Huxtable" Other finalists: Florence Henderson as "Carol Brady"  Doris Roberts  as "Marie Barone" Marion Ross as "Marion Cunningham" Barbara Billingsley as "June Cleaver" Best TV Host WINNER ', 'was hilarious. In that first episode, my character, Phyllis, goes to an employment agency and is interviewed by  Doris Roberts . She asks me what skills I possess. I inform her that one of my major talents is knowing which wine goes best with every ', 'was hilarious. In that first episode, my character, Phyllis, goes to an employment agency and is interviewed by  Doris Roberts . She asks me what skills I possess. I inform her that one of my major talents is knowing which wine goes best with every ', 'time as "Raymond\'s" brother, Brad Garrett cracked up audiences by thanking "Britney Spears and our child."  Doris Roberts , the show\'s matriarch, won for the third time, and proved to be just as plucky as her character after the show ', 'pantheon of wacky sitcom characters. But it\'s unlikely they\'ll win again. Supporting Actress, Comedy Series:  Doris Roberts  has three-peated as "Raymond\'s" overbearing mom. Could she have one more win in her pantry? Could Mullally ', 'a slew of Emmys in the comedy category, including best actor for Romano and supporting honors for Brad Garrett and  Doris Roberts . And in a funny turn of events, Friends won best comedy and Jennifer Aniston, who obviously has more friends at ', 'CBS has built its Monday-night comedy block around the top-rated series, which stars Romano, Patricia Heaton,  Doris Roberts , Peter Boyle, and Brad Garrett. Currently in its fifth season, Raymond has evolved into a powerhouse performer ', 'CBS has built its Monday-night comedy block around the top-rated series, which stars Romano, Patricia Heaton,  Doris Roberts , Peter Boyle, and Brad Garrett. Currently in its fifth season, Raymond has evolved into a powerhouse performer ', 'CBS has built its Monday-night comedy block around the top-rated series, which stars Romano, Patricia Heaton,  Doris Roberts , Peter Boyle, and Brad Garrett. Currently in its fifth season, Raymond has evolved into a powerhouse performer ', 'CBS has built its Monday-night comedy block around the top-rated series, which stars Romano, Patricia Heaton,  Doris Roberts , Peter Boyle, and Brad Garrett. Currently in its fifth season, Raymond has evolved into a powerhouse performer ', 'awards each, Raymond was the big winner, with three statues, including star Ray Romano as best actor in a comedy and  Doris Roberts  as best supporting actress. "To win any award that is voted on by the viewers is cool," Romano told reporters backstage ', 'awards each, Raymond was the big winner, with three statues, including star Ray Romano as best actor in a comedy and  Doris Roberts  as best supporting actress. "To win any award that is voted on by the viewers is cool," Romano told reporters backstage ', 'awards each, Raymond was the big winner, with three statues, including star Ray Romano as best actor in a comedy and  Doris Roberts  as best supporting actress. "To win any award that is voted on by the viewers is cool," Romano told reporters backstage ', 'much anticipated. Debbie Mac rumors mrs. miracle is the very talented homer and one of our favorite leading ladies  Doris Roberts  hi ladies thanks for joining us hi rob hi there thank you very much so. Debbie this film is based on your you bestselling ', 'very talented -- -- homer and one of our favorite leading ladies Doris Roberts hi ladies thanks for joining us hi rob hi there thank you very much so. Debbie this film is based on your ', "much. One of my neighbors is  doris roberts , who was ray romano's mom on canadian chocolate is the lie.  Doris roberts  is her neighbor. That's a lie too? I think I'm going with  doris roberts  the neighbor. That's what I ", 'chocolate, because I miss it so much. One of my neighbors is doris roberts , who was ray romano\'s mom on "everybody loves raymond." Oh, you like that one. And, three, I don\'t have any cats or doings, but I do have a pet. A cute little boa constrictor named harry. Come on. Here we go. Class, if you think the canadian chocolate is the lie. Doris roberts is her neighbor. That\'s a lie. The audience does not think you have a boa constrictor. Mine is boa constrictor, right? Lara, you\'re going to go there to too? I think I\'m going with doris roberts the neighbor. That\'s what I think I\'m going to do. Kathleen, the answer is -- the lie is the boa constrictor. I ', "chocolate because I miss it so much. One of my neighbors is  Doris Roberts  who was Ray Islam on everybody treatment. like someone constrictor I think. I'm gonna go. I think I'm going to  Doris Roberts  and platinum that it how about that Is a lie is about ", "chocolate because I miss it so much. One of my neighbors is Doris Roberts who was Ray -- Islam on everybody -- treatment. -- like someone who. -- three. I don't have any cats or dogs ", "boa constrictor I think. I'm gonna go. I think I'm going to Doris Roberts and platinum that it how about that -- Is a lie is about -- They're also Smart to. We thought it could "]