['quits his job before the business goes on to makes millions. The star-studded cast includes Jon Hamm, Bill Hader,  Eva Mendes , Kate Hudson, Danny McBride, Michael Keaton, and J.B. Smoove, who appeared in "Curb."', 'The first is "The Place Beyond the Pines," which opens in theaters March 29. He co-stars with his girlfriend  Eva Mendes  and plays a tattooed motorbike rider in a traveling circus in the generational drama. Gosling will also star in a revenge ', 'Gosling must face the real world of fame, including an intense interest in his personal life and rumored love, actress  Eva Mendes . "You just have to get used to guys hiding in the bushes," he told Mathison. "That\'s the adjustment of being ', "Pines , about a motorcycle stunt driver who turns to crime to provide for his woman (Gosling's real-life squeeze,  Eva Mendes ) and child. Somewhere along the way, he pisses off the wrong cop (Bradley Cooper). TBD - Alicia Keys and Miguel go ", "Christina Aguilera Answers our Burning Questions, Says 'I Don't Believe in Regrets'", 'for their son, Max, now 4). Expect to see a lot more of these types of interviews with your favorite celebs (like  Eva Mendes , who has a new PBS documentary called Half The Sky: Turning Oppression Into Opportunity for Women Worldwide ). When ', "very least an interesting accent and striking beauty to the role. She already proved she can hold a gun in Bandidas .  Eva Mendes  Beauty and cojones make for a Molotov cocktail when it comes to this one, and Eva's action flick credits run deep ", 'Meet the 35 Hottest Latinos in Entertainment, According to the Hollywood Reporter', "No glaring omissions on the list, but here are a few people to look out for in 2013: Cierra Ramirez , who played  Eva Mendes ' daughter in Patricia Riggen's Girl in Progress earlier this year and has a small role on ABC Family's hit show The ", 'Cirque, and prohibited items include cellphones, laptops and expensive jewelry. Famous clientele: Kirsten Dunst,  Eva Mendes , Mary-Kate Olsen Passages Rehab Facility Co-founded by father and son team Chris and Pax Prentiss, Passages Rehab ', "her ongoing stay in rehab. Cirque Lodge has treated many other celebrities in the past, including Lindsay Lohan and  Eva Mendes . A rep for Moore declined ABCNews.com's request for comment.", 'actresses such as Jennifer Aniston, Natalie Portman,  Eva Mendes  and Sofia Vergara. The three women to make the female President Nicolas Sarkozy * Sophia Loren, actress *  Eva Mendes , actress * Emma Watson, actress * Jennifer Aniston ', "our predictions for nine other Hollywood's hookups and breakups in 2012. Ryan Gosling and  Eva Mendes  Heartthrob Ryan Gosling, 31, and beauty  Eva Mendes , 37, are definitely one of Hollywood's most gorgeous couples. Though they've shown ", 'Zoe wrote in a Dec. 23 tweet on her Twitter account . The stylist, whose A-list clients include Cameron Diaz,  Eva Mendes , Jennifer Garner, Kate Hudson and Anne Hathaway, was left with only the clothes on her back. For a clotheshorse like ', 'letter to Swank and Van Damme along with several other stars reportedly asked to attend the event, including Shakira,  Eva Mendes  and Kevin Costner. "Chechnya continues to constitute a situation where serious violations of human rights are continuously ', 'make his directing debut. He has made a smart casting choice, he wants to keep the girlfriend happy. Gosling has cost  eva mendes  in "how to catch a monster." She\'s also a terrific actress. The surreal story has already set the star christina ', 'casting choice, he wants to keep the girlfriend happy. Gosling has cost eva mendes in "how to catch a monster." She\'s also a terrific actress. The surreal story has already set the star christina hendrix, as ', "big smiles and big shiny bands on their fingers. While the rumor mill has been working overtime about ryan gosling and  eva mendes  getting hitched. The hunk showing off a trend we can support. It's called man cleavage. I don't like that. It ", "While the rumor mill has been working overtime about ryan gosling and eva mendes getting hitched. The hunk showing off a trend we can support. It's called man cleavage. I don't like that. It only works "]