["the children remain in with their father who they've been visiting over the summer. Friday Rutherford asked the judge  Doris Day  which would have brought the kids back to while he appealed. But this day was denied. Destroying her last hope of getting ", "who they've been visiting over the summer. Friday Rutherford asked the judge Doris Day which would have brought the kids back to -- -- while he appealed. But this day was denied. Destroying her last hope ", 'strongest every single day lay there and they can ride that out. Rifkin an smell good but I smelt burnt dermatologist  Doris Day  says over tanning for extended periods of time like did can be severely damaging. As shown in these violet scans. That ', 'that out. Rifkin an -- smell good but I smelt burnt dermatologist Doris Day says over tanning for extended periods of time like -- did can be severely damaging. As shown in these -- -- violet ', "apartment in the count and rigged with hidden camera and moved in our grandma and her granddaughter. hypertension and  Doris Day  is a healthy woman who played some golf And on the line dancing at the here in the area but it wasn't long before she ", 'our grandma and her granddaughter. -- -- hypertension and -- -- -- Doris Day is a healthy woman who played some golf -- -- And -- on the line dancing at the -- -- here in ', "And store enough canned goods to last 22 people for years. And there's the New England mom who calls herself the  Doris day  of June. I'm preparing for a Black Swan event like a catastrophic in Madrid earthquake Kathy Harrison doesn't exactly ", "for years. And there's the New England mom who calls herself the Doris day of June. I'm preparing for a Black Swan event like a catastrophic in Madrid earthquake Kathy Harrison doesn't exactly fit the survivalist ", "Let's turn of the president's budget director Jack He joins us from the White House this morning thanks for  Doris Day  mr. Good morning so let's start you another White House officials say there's a lot of pain. In the president's ", "-- He joins us from the White House this morning thanks for Doris Day mr. -- Good morning -- so let's start you another White House officials say there's a lot of pain. In the president's ", "Doris. We won't merchants according to a watching dark could she always remained a virgin and Mel Brooks once and I  Doris Day  before she was a marriage. It's sort of idea that has so what somebody's it meant a popular movie that you stay a ", "she always remained a virgin and Mel Brooks once and I -- Doris Day before she was a marriage. It's -- -- sort of idea that has so what somebody's -- it meant a popular movie ", 'that bridge every day. And people are gonna have to find a new way to get around. Use and that open region recently  Doris Day  tanker fire. That brought down to key ramps leading to the Oakland Bay Bridge I think that affected over 200000 motors ', 'a new way to get around. Use and that open region recently Doris Day tanker fire. That brought down to key ramps leading to the Oakland Bay Bridge I think that affected over 200000 motors today. ']