['Hall of Famers Frank Robinson, Hank Aaron, Willie Mays and Ernie Banks, as well as Muhammad Ali, Harry Belafonte,  Bill Cosby  and Morgan Freeman. The MLB Beacon Awards Luncheon is one of the events surrounding the Civil Rights Game that pay tribute ', 'Hall of Famers Frank Robinson, Hank Aaron, Willie Mays and Ernie Banks, as well as Muhammad Ali, Harry Belafonte,  Bill Cosby  and Morgan Freeman. The MLB Beacon Awards Luncheon is one of the events surrounding the Civil Rights Game that pay tribute ', 'WorldNews@abc.com and they could appear on World News. Image credit: Joe McNally/Getty Images Cosby on The Cosby Show  Bill Cosby  told ABC News and Yahoo that the real reason he created "The Cosby Show" was because he wanted to bring an honest depiction ', "the team faces No. 6 seed Arizona. DON'T MESS WITH  BILL COSBY 'S SWEATERS Remember Cliff Huxtable's sweaters that idol of the website's owner, Kiley Kmiec. However,  Bill Cosby  was not very appreciative of the gesture. Cosby issued ", 'Allen] and George [Carlin] and Richard Pryor and  Bill Cosby . Rodney Dangerfield. Dick Cavett," she said about Everybody left the show to go to do their own shows.  Bill Cosby . David Brenner. George Carlin. Everybody. I stuck ', 'said shirt, which he shares with his 23,232 Facebook fans and 40,522 Twitter followers. He even wore a shirt for  Bill Cosby . "Cosby was launching a \'clean\' hip-hop album, with no cursing, in 2009," said Sadler. "He launched his Facebook ', 'Image credit: James Wang/ABC News  Bill Cosby  earned the nickname "America\'s dad" for dishing out advice coupled with a dose of humor. As Dr. Cliff Huxtable on "The Cosby ', 'talk show. "The Ellen DeGeneres Show" is now in its 10th season. Previous recipients of the Mark Twain Prize include Richard Pryor, Whoopi Goldberg, Steve Martin, Billy Crystal, George Carlin,  Bill Cosby , Tina Fey and Will Ferrell.', "anchored by famous Sunset Boulevard, it's home to Tinsel Town names like Matt Damon, Steven Spielberg, Goldie Hawn,  Bill Cosby  and Arnold Schwarzenegger. And special local attractions abound, from the original Getty Villa, the peaceful escape ", 'Bill Cosby  has weighed in on the Trayvon Martin case. The famed comedian told the Washington Times that neighborhood watch volunteers like ', "Clive Davis, will speak also eulogize the singer. N.J.'s Star-Ledger newspaper reported that Oprah Winfrey and  Bill Cosby  will attend, along with the Revs. Jessie Jackson and Al Sharpton. Others confirmed on the guest list are Chaka Khan ", 'Whitney Houston Funeral Service: Stars to Come Out in Newark, NJ, to Honor Late Singer', "career, Clive Davis, will also eulogize the singer. N.J.'s Star-Ledger newspaper reported that Oprah Winfrey and  Bill Cosby  will attend, along with the Revs. Jessie Jackson and Al Sharpton. Others confirmed on the guest list are Chaka Khan ", "taught. And most cultures. Is to give. Up part of one's earnings. To give part of one's good. And so we choose  Bill Cosby  who proves you can always go home and have always gave back.", "earnings. To give -- part of one's good. And so we choose Bill Cosby who proves you can always go home and have always gave back. ", "here. My kids are trying to take all our money. Your mother and I are rich. You have nothing. The show is based on  bill cosby 's stand-up routines. Four minutes later downstairs comes the 4-year-old. She is naked and wet. Come here ", "and I are rich. You have nothing. The show is based on bill cosby's stand-up routines. Four minutes later downstairs comes the 4-year-old. She is naked and wet. Come here. Shampoo in her hair ran into ", "robust three years old. You taught  bill cosby  a thing or two about the birds and 80s AND FUNNY AND You kept up with  bill cosby . Let's take a look. Well, of from? Your timing with the great  bill cosby  was pretty remarkable. Thank you ", 'on "the cosby show," 1989. A robust three years old. You taught bill cosby a thing or two about the birds and the bees. We\'ll take a look look. To the hospital, drops it in, somebody ', "child STAR OF THE '80s AND FUNNY AND You kept up with bill cosby . Let's take a look. Well, of course, he did it. Where did this cake come from? Your timing with the great bill cosby was pretty remarkable. Thank you. I had a good time with him. I appreciated it. There were a lot of people to ", 'expectations for forty some fifty some help women to look like when. Number this is reverse order 101 Rachael Ray.  Bill Cosby  Sean Mariah Carey. Usher I in his race where Jeremy Piven from entourage telling what kind of design entourage dvd it ', 'look like when. -- Number this is reverse order 101 Rachael Ray. Bill Cosby Sean -- Mariah Carey. Usher I in his race where Jeremy Piven -- from entourage telling what kind of design entourage dvd ', "its. It is come on now where aria c'mon bail plea date it's an infinite regression  Bill Cosby  sweater there yes. So what features an image of  Bill Cosby  wearing a sweater with a title causing our newsletter and so on and so on and alimony says ", "on now where aria c'mon bail plea date it's an infinite regression Bill Cosby sweater there yes. So what features an image of Bill Cosby wearing a sweater with a title causing our newsletter and so on and so on -- and alimony says He will not "]