['Missing Link in Celebrity Deaths And the L.A. coroner\'s office has unlocked the missing link in the death of  Dorothy Dandridge , the first African-American to get a best actress Oscar nomination, who died suddenly at age 42. "She\'d broken ', 'who have talents that sparkle as brightly as the talent of any other ethnicity: Paul Robeson, Josephine Baker,  Dorothy Dandridge , Sammy Davis Junior, Sidney Poitier, Joe Louis, Lena Horne, Diana Ross, Bill Cosby, Jim Brown, Miles Davis ', 'Extra work, but that\'s what they pay me for. And I love it. Then there was Halle Berry for HBO\'s "Introducing  Dorothy Dandridge ," in a coral adorned Versace one year to present and a Valentino tulle confection the following year for the win ', "Nicole's self-fulfilling demise and overdose harks back to Marilyn Monroe. And how can Nicole not become the next  Dorothy Dandridge ? And then there's Paris. What can I say to snap her out of this crap? It seems like only yesterday we first ", 'her husband\'s executioner. "This moment is so much bigger than me," said Berry, 35. "This moment is for  Dorothy Dandridge , Lena Horne, Diahann Carroll It\'s for every nameless, faceless woman of color who now has a chance because this ', 'Halle Berry revealed her acting prowess when she won an Emmy and Golden Globe for Introducing  Dorothy Dandridge , but in the new action movie, Swordfish, she unveils a lot more. Berry smooches both co-stars, John Travolta and Hugh Jackman ', 'pursuing Berry when Moynahan was booked. Berry, who built her cred with an award-winning performance in Introducing  Dorothy Dandridge , at first resisted the topless scene. However, she succumbed when the studio offered her a $500,000 bonus ', 'pursuing Berry when Moynahan was booked. Berry, who built her cred with an award-winning performance in Introducing  Dorothy Dandridge , at first resisted the topless scene. However, she succumbed when the studio offered her a $500,000 bonus ', 'pursuing Berry when Moynahan was booked. Berry, who built her cred with an award-winning performance in Introducing  Dorothy Dandridge , at first resisted the topless scene. However, she succumbed when the studio offered her a $500,000 bonus ', 'Berry when Moynahan was booked. Berry, who built her credibility with an award-winning performance in Introducing  Dorothy Dandridge , at first resisted the topless scene. However, she succumbed when the studio offered her a $500,000 bonus ', 'year-and-a-half-long engagement. The actress, who won an Emmy and a Golden Globe for her lead role in the HBO film Introducing  Dorothy Dandridge , is still on probation after pleading no contest to leaving the scene of an auto accident last year.', 'year-and-a-half-long engagement. The actress, who won an Emmy and a Golden Globe for her lead role in the HBO film Introducing  Dorothy Dandridge , is still on probation after pleading no contest to leaving the scene of an auto accident last year.', 'year-and-a-half-long engagement. The actress, who won an Emmy and a Golden Globe for her lead role in the HBO film Introducing  Dorothy Dandridge , is still on probation after pleading no contest to leaving the scene of an auto accident last year.', 'unexpected light on the last moments of celebrities. Whose bodies deep secrets only they can detect. Witness the case of  Dorothy Dandridge . The first African American get best actress Oscar nomination. Her death at 42 brought an end to the career of ', 'bodies -- deep secrets only they can detect. Witness the case of Dorothy Dandridge . The first African American get -- best actress Oscar nomination. Her death at -- 42 brought an end to the career of ']