['throughout this process, in particular our gestational carrier," the couple said in a statement.  Elizabeth Banks  "Hunger Games" actress  Elizabeth Banks  also used a surrogate to carry her baby boy Felix after years of trying to conceive with husband ', "joy, and to even offer constructive criticism when it comes to the inevitable sequel. The likes of Olivia Wilde,  Elizabeth Banks , Seth Myers, Mario Lopez, Andy Cohen and even the iconic Mia Farrow couldn't resist cracking jokes or letting ", 'dazzling views of the glittering Capital, as well as glimpses of Haymitch Abernath (Woody Harrelson), Effie Trinket ( Elizabeth Banks ) and even Gale Hawthorne (Liam Hemsworth). "Her entire species must be eradicated, the other victors," concludes ', 'It\'s easy to be jealous of  Elizabeth Banks : not only do she and her husband, Max Handelman, own their own production company ("If you are an ambitious person, you don\'t ', 'very real, which is what I\'m excited about." The Capitol Couture website describes the look of Effie, played by  Elizabeth Banks , as follows: "Effie enchants in an exploding silhouette of chiffon and organza blooms. Never one to waver in her ', 'thrown their support to Obama, and those who have put their money on Mitt Romney.  Elizabeth Banks  category: Barack Obama "Hunger Games" actress  Elizabeth Banks  may not want to talk to her employer about her intimate women\'s health issues ', 'thrown their support to Obama, and those who have put their money on Mitt Romney.  Elizabeth Banks  category: Barack Obama "Hunger Games" actress  Elizabeth Banks  may not want to talk to her employer about her intimate women\'s health issues ', 'thrown their support to Obama, and those who have put their money on Mitt Romney.  Elizabeth Banks  category: Barack Obama "Hunger Games" actress  Elizabeth Banks  may not want to talk to her employer about her intimate women\'s health issues ', 'thrown their support to Obama, and those who have put their money on Mitt Romney.  Elizabeth Banks  category: Barack Obama "Hunger Games" actress  Elizabeth Banks  may not want to talk to her employer about her intimate women\'s health issues ', 'thrown their support to Obama, and those who have put their money on Mitt Romney.  Elizabeth Banks  category: Barack Obama "Hunger Games" actress  Elizabeth Banks  may not want to talk to her employer about her intimate women\'s health issues ', 'thrown their support to Obama, and those who have put their money on Mitt Romney.  Elizabeth Banks  category: Barack Obama "Hunger Games" actress  Elizabeth Banks  may not want to talk to her employer about her intimate women\'s health issues ', 'thrown their support to Obama, and those who have put their money on Mitt Romney.  Elizabeth Banks  category: Barack Obama "Hunger Games" actress  Elizabeth Banks  may not want to talk to her employer about her intimate women\'s health issues ', 'thrown their support to Obama, and those who have put their money on Mitt Romney.  Elizabeth Banks  category: Barack Obama "Hunger Games" actress  Elizabeth Banks  may not want to talk to her employer about her intimate women\'s health issues ', 'To shift over. Yeah. That here. OK I swear you have my life never. Wow thank you. Chris  Elizabeth Banks  from their riveting new movie out this week called people like us great to have you here may seemingly blaming over the weekend ', 'swear you have my life -- never. Wow thank you. Chris -- Elizabeth Banks from their riveting new movie out this week called people like us great to have you here may seemingly blaming -- -- ', "you short film actress  Elizabeth Banks  plays a super mom so busy taking care of her family she didn't your own personal risk. You know when I see that spot with  Elizabeth Banks  that you guys did she was as a new mom I can totally relational ", "-- you short film actress Elizabeth Banks plays a super mom -- so busy taking care of her family she didn't realize she was having a heart attack. Here's ", 'your own personal risk. You know when I see that spot with Elizabeth Banks that you guys did she was -- as a new mom I can totally relational. Frenzy. Stressed running around taking care of ', 'challenges aside. They also face another day magic solutions for a total of thirty surgeries among tomorrow. John and  Elizabeth Banks  face Magnum decompression matches brain surgery everyone. Except and then on I have had to spending years and Elizabeth ', 'magic solutions for a total of thirty surgeries among tomorrow. John and Elizabeth Banks face -- Magnum decompression matches brain surgery everyone. Except and then on I have had to spending years and Elizabeth just -- ', "actress are lit up the screen in dark shadows. And she'll soon be seen people like us alongside Chris pine and  Elizabeth Banks . This ageless wonder 2012 is shaping up to be a each year. About it I'm now that we have a you please welcome ", "she'll soon be seen -- people like us alongside Chris pine and Elizabeth Banks . This ageless wonder 2012 is shaping up to be a -- -- each year. About it I'm now that we have a ", "it into a structure that flies by. I I and staying at. routes that we do see his meeting of Laura Bush played by  Elizabeth Banks  we do and and how how. their scenes of him working with Karl Rove played by Toby Jones expertly into about. I'll ", 'routes that we do see his meeting of Laura Bush played by Elizabeth Banks we do and and how how. -- their scenes of him working with Karl Rove played by Toby Jones expertly into about. ', 'condenses it into a structure that flies by. I I and staying at. that we do see his meeting of Laura Bush played by  Elizabeth Banks  really do yeah. And see how well. And I their scenes of him working with Karl Rove played by Toby Jones expertly ', '-- that we do see his meeting of Laura Bush played by Elizabeth Banks really do yeah. And see how well. And I their scenes of him working with Karl Rove played by Toby Jones expertly ', "but studies doctors aren't used to talking about costs so it is a good conversation to start having. All right  Elizabeth Banks  send on our web site all the details about this and about the consumer reports investigation.", 'costs so it is a good conversation to start having. All right Elizabeth Banks send -- on our web site all the details about this and about the consumer reports investigation. ']