['Szmanda is 38. Actress Rose Byrne is 34. Country singer Jerrod Niemann is 34. Actress Summer Glau is 32. Actress  Elisabeth Moss  is 31. Actress Anna Paquin is 31. Actress Megan Park ("The Secret Life of the American Teenager") is 27. Actress ', 'drama series work besides Wright include Vera Farmiga of "Bates Hotel"; Michelle Dockery of "Downtown Abbey;"  Elisabeth Moss  of "Mad Men"; Connie Britton of "Nashville" and Kerry Washington of "Scandal." Claire Danes, last year\'s ', 'Showtime; Robin Wright, "House of Cards," Netflix;  Elisabeth Moss , "Mad Men," AMC; Connie Britton, "Nashville Sigourney Weaver, "Political Animals," USA;  Elisabeth Moss , "Top of the Lake," Sundance Channel. Supporting ', 'Dockery, Downton Abbey Vera Farmiga, Bates Motel  Elisabeth Moss , Mad Men Kerry Washington, Scandal Robin Wright The Big C: Hereafter Helen Mirren, Phil Spector  Elisabeth Moss , Top of the Lake Sigourney Weaver, Political Animals ', 'Nashville"; Claire Danes, "Homeland"; Michelle Dockery, "Downton Abbey"; Vera Farmiga, "Bates Motel";  Elisabeth Moss , "Mad Men"; Kerry Washington, "Scandal"; Robin Wright, "House of Cards." The 65th Primetime Emmy Awards ', 'Nominees Claire Danes, "Homeland"; Julianna Margulies, "The Good Wife"; Michelle Dockery, "Downton Abbey";  Elisabeth Moss , "Mad Men"; Kerry Washington, "Scandal"; Robin Wright, "House of Cards" "The big story will be if Kerry ', 'CSI") is 38. Actress Rose Byrne is 34. Country singer Jerrod Neimann is 34. Actress Summer Glau is 32. Actress  Elisabeth Moss  ("The West Wing") is 31. Actress Anna Paquin is 31. Actress Mara Wilson is 26. Singer Jay McGuiness of The ', 'Elisabeth Moss  is known for her role as Peggy Olson, the hard-working, devoutly Catholic copywriter on AMC\'s "Mad Men" - but in real life ', "and sad and mystifying and you will develop a crush on it but will be too nervous to let it know. Top of the Lake  Elisabeth Moss  ( Mad Men 's Peggy, migraine sufferer ) stars in this Sundance Channel series as Robin Griffin, a detective who ", 'Claire Danes, "Homeland"; Michelle Dockery, "Downton Abbey"; Julianna Margulies, "The Good Wife";  Elisabeth Moss , "Mad Men" "I don\'t know if I\'m voting with my head or my heart," Le Nguyen said. "But I think Claire ', 'Damages" Claire Danes, "Homeland" Michelle Dockery, "Downton Abbey" Julianna Margulies, "The Good Wife"  Elisabeth Moss , "Mad Men" Best Actor in a Drama Series Hugh Bonneville, "Downton Abbey" Steve Buscemi, "Boardwalk Empire ', 'example of pop culture celebrating stupidity, Kardashian lashed out at him on Twitter, calling him "careless."  Elisabeth Moss  Like her character, Peggy Olsen, Moss hasn\'t always been lucky in love. She married "Saturday Night Live" and ', 'behind the scenes on one of the hottest shows on television, "Mad Men." Creator Matt Weiner and stars Jon Hamm,  Elisabeth Moss , John Slattery, January Jones, Christina Hendricks and Vincent Kartheiser talked about the show and opens drawers ', "You have these people in. Glad have a rich somewhere at that Scientology's stability is more. It has wow what What is when I talk to people that have that faith warrant they only say yeah I can better me yet because I think that's. That's and that's a good way of saying it because there's so much", 'actress in a drama series are. Connie Britton Nashville. Claire Danes homeland. Michelle Dockery Downton Abbey.  Elisabeth Moss  mad men. Washington scandal. And Robin house of cards. The nominees for lead actor in a miniseries or movie are ', 'Danes homeland. Michelle Dockery Downton Abbey. -- -- -- -- -- -- Elisabeth Moss mad men. -- Washington scandal. And Robin -- house of cards. The nominees for lead actor in a miniseries or movie are. ', "Elisabeth Moss  is as they say in Hollywood hot she's part of the Emmy winning. AMC drama mad men where she plays secretary turned copyright ", "Elisabeth Moss is as they say in Hollywood hot she's part of the Emmy winning. AMC drama mad men where she plays secretary turned ", "do, I was meant to do. Reporter: And old-timers still anticipate the main event. Like four-time nominee,  elisabeth moss . Is it still exciting for you? Yeah. The fact we're not even changers to this is bcrazy. Reporter: Others joke ", "do. Reporter: And old-timers still anticipate the main event. Like four-time nominee, elisabeth moss . Is it still exciting for you? Yeah. The fact we're not even changers to this is bcrazy. Reporter: Others joke they need ", 'Night Lights. the killing. targets say law and order special victims unit. Julianna Margulies the good wife and  Elisabeth Moss  mad men. For lead actor in a drama series nominees are. Steve Buscemi boardwalk empire. Kyle Chandler Friday Night ', 'law and order special victims unit. Julianna Margulies the good wife and Elisabeth Moss mad men. For lead actor in a drama series nominees are. Steve Buscemi boardwalk empire. Kyle Chandler Friday Night Lights. Michael C. ', 'award season. Handing statues bringing families together. It truly blessed time of year. In other news mad men star  Elisabeth Moss  and Saturday Night Live star Fred Armisen and announced their engagement and are busy planning their wedding. But ', 'It truly blessed time of year. In other news mad men star Elisabeth Moss and Saturday Night Live star Fred Armisen and announced their engagement and are busy planning their wedding. But -- -- Armisen promises ']