['hit. Since 2011, Thompson, 51, has starred in the ABC Family series "Switched at Birth."  Elisabeth Shue  Oscar-nominated actress  Elisabeth Shue  took over the role of Marty\'s girlfriend, Jennifer Parker, in the two sequels after Claudia ', 'president is shot by military men while watching a parade. Famous Birthdays 1903 Ernest Walton 1908 Carole Lombard 1963  Elisabeth Shue  1974 Jeremy Sisto Jump back to Oct. 5: Day in History . View more videos from This Month in History: October .', 'What do actress  Elisabeth Shue , tween sensation Justin Bieber, Academy Award winning director Kathryn Bigelow and ubiquitous television personality Ryan Seacrest ', "mount, he gets unexpected support from an ACLU lawyer with the amusing name of Cricket Feldstein (Amy Poehler).  Elisabeth Shue  has a strange role as a version of herself who has given up acting for nursing. Dana's quest for artistic expression ", 'Elisabeth Shue  and Amy Brenneman were living parallel lives this week, as both award-winning actresses gave birth to daughters, their publicist ', 'Elisabeth Shue  and Amy Brenneman were living parallel lives this week, as both award-winning actresses gave birth to daughters, their publicist ', 'Elisabeth Shue  and Amy Brenneman were living parallel lives this week, as both award-winning actresses gave birth to daughters, their publicist ', 'Elisabeth Shue  and Amy Brenneman were living parallel lives this week, as both award-winning actresses gave birth to daughters, their publicist ', 'Elisabeth Shue  and Amy Brenneman were living parallel lives this week, as both award-winning actresses gave birth to daughters, their publicist ', "Celebrities and the fans who love them don't always agree on what makes a person sexy, but one thing's for sure: Everybody longs for the perfect mate. In the September issue of In Style magazine, everyone from Friends actor Matthew Perry to Hollywood honey Drew Barrymore gives a personal definition", "Celebrities and the fans who love them don't always agree on what makes a person sexy, but one thing's for sure: Everybody longs for the perfect mate. In the September issue of In Style magazine, everyone from Friends actor Matthew Perry to Hollywood honey Drew Barrymore gives a personal definition", "Celebrities and the fans who love them don't always agree on what makes a person sexy, but one thing's for sure: Everybody longs for the perfect mate. In the September issue of In Style magazine, everyone from Friends actor Matthew Perry to Hollywood honey Drew Barrymore gives a personal definition", 'trouble. I\'m a huge fan of yours from "curb your enthusiasm." In fact, you act alongside my sister-in-law,  elisabeth shue . One of the scenes when you were trying out for a part with jerry seinfeld. How great was it to work with a comedic ', 'yours from "curb your enthusiasm." In fact, you act alongside my sister-in-law, elisabeth shue . One of the scenes when you were trying out for a part with jerry seinfeld. How great was it to work with ']