["And music is also a big part of  Andy Garcia 's new film he stars in his own during Fidel Castro's revolution.  Andy Garcia  has been working on this film for happening. And I sat down with  Andy Garcia  this week to talk about the political ", "And music is also a big part of Andy Garcia's new film he stars in his own directing debut the lost city. The film is about his native Cuba during Fidel Castro's revolution. Andy Garcia has been working on this film for almost twenty years finally he got the financing and release the picture as an independent ", "it was becoming a place. What's happening. And I sat down with Andy Garcia this week to talk about the political backdrop in his film and the politics of Cuban exiles. For example who can forget the Elian Gonzales fiasco. Thousands of protesters gathered amongst them Andy Garcia who petitioned authorities to keep and then six year old Elian in the US. Although his father was in Cuba. I asked Andy Garcia -- of this so if the credibility of Cuban exiles was hurt by the Elian affair. Yes I think they do the ", "of his educational process. And that was a part of -- with Andy Garcia . We talked all about the lost city his new film but we also talked about the politics off the screen as well. Like Cuban exile Luis posada was currently in US custody. He is accused of planning the bombing of a passenger plane in 1976. A Cuban jet it took off from Venezuela -- nearly eighty passengers were killed. So I asked Andy Garcia and exile himself and someone who's often. Politically outspoken if the US should meet the demands of Venezuela and Cuba and extradite ", "look. Ladies and gentlemen, I took the liberty of hiring my own guillermo. So, please welcome legendary actor,  andy garcia . Why don't you say hello to the new band leader? This is sheryl crow. I have to tell you, I'm loving the show ", "the liberty of hiring my own guillermo. So, please welcome legendary actor, andy garcia . Why don't you say hello to the new band leader? This is sheryl crow. I have to tell you, I'm loving the ", "bit about news because. You know how much let the man. That was a performance that is. 180 degrees from four. You  Andy Garcia  and what I still remember you're sitting this thing wins he's asking it makes them think special but. Balloons ", "That was a performance that is. -- 180 degrees from four. You Andy Garcia and what I still remember you're sitting this thing wins he's asking it makes them think special but. Balloons and you -- ", "Are that's in Spanish. From greater glory I have to do here in the states at three in Mexico this past week with  Andy Garcia  Aaron Peter O'Toole and and in the nineteen there was a a war. In Mexico that when the government outlawed religion ", "here in the states at three in Mexico this past week with Andy Garcia Aaron Peter O'Toole and and in the nineteen -- there was a a war. In Mexico that when the government outlawed religion. ", "tried to build the Bellagio. Ocean's eleven they made off with 150. Million dollars from the Bellagio. In need  Andy Garcia . Very angry and find. But that's a good intricate plan eleven guys in almost atomic device and an actor back. In ", "they made off with 150. Million dollars from the Bellagio. In need Andy Garcia . Very angry and find. But that's a good intricate plan eleven guys in almost atomic device and an actor back. In real ", 'Really emotion and imagine and them and Lycos. Group of friends and Richard Cohen. There is set that kill her and  Andy Garcia . How would cast yet totally different here from onto yes we are at a time. OE is a menu other yeah yeah. Yeah and ', 'of friends and Richard Cohen. There is set that kill her and Andy Garcia . How would cast yet totally different here from onto yes we are at a time. OE is a menu -- other -- ', 'the fatal sisters are part of the Cuban dance revolution. Even admired by Hollywood celebrities here backstage with  Andy Garcia . We caught up with the sisters on the second Sesame Street where we got to look around as well insides to. And this ', 'the Cuban dance revolution. Even admired by Hollywood celebrities here backstage with Andy Garcia . We caught up with the sisters on the second Sesame Street where we got to look around as well insides to. And ', 'at the clues. You have just seen the best scenes in the movie I am I is watching Steve Martin the other actors like  Andy Garcia  Lily Tomlin squander their Jokes at the expensive Asians are truly despicable. I wasted my time watching this movie ', '-- I am I is watching Steve Martin the other actors like Andy Garcia Lily Tomlin squander their -- Jokes at the expensive Asians are truly despicable. I wasted my time watching this movie so you ', "have given us this news CD that the Latin influence which was so important to you meaning you of the stars. Veteran  Andy Garcia  and isn't He plays amazing residents a percussionist. He loves it He really anything the Cuban culture music is his ", "was so important to you meaning you -- of the stars. Veteran Andy Garcia and -- isn't He plays amazing -- residents a percussionist. He loves it He really -- anything the Cuban culture music is "]