["You know her former Emmy winning role on Desperate Housewives now  Felicity Huffman  Helping the desperate guys out there. A new book it's called a practical handbook for the boyfriend trust me it is laugh out ", "You know her former Emmy winning role on Desperate Housewives now Felicity Huffman -- Helping the desperate guys out there. A new book it's called a practical handbook for the boyfriend trust me it is ", 'he meant to the other character. To get to work of people like Eva Longoria and have intimacy with the years and  Felicity Huffman  and so remembering lines Soviet next week gets actually one of the best episodes after and dads and and what happened ', 'of people like Eva Longoria and have intimacy with the years and Felicity Huffman and so -- -- remembering lines Soviet next week gets actually one of the best episodes after and dads and and what ', "end of the road it was And the desperate house let's cast is getting very sentimental has the show eight year run  Felicity Huffman  faded out these photos of day eight of the countdown. Behind the scenes and what she calls the three he got Longoria ", 'is getting very sentimental has the show -- -- eight year run Felicity Huffman faded out these photos of day eight of the countdown. Behind the scenes and what she calls the three -- he got ', "Yankee she comes from she Bringing her New York sensibility to the lane. She is say a college roommate of played by  Felicity Huffman . And that she's having problems in a marriage she comes to really. Get some solace in and they advised him her ", "the lane. She is say a college roommate of -- played by Felicity Huffman . And that she's having problems in a marriage -- she comes to really. Get some solace in and they advised him her ", 'women to have worked with designers. And so I work with J. Crew. And you see all the stars Jordan sparks was there  Felicity Huffman  raven Simone they have it was just it was just an absolutely fantastic night. And the great thing is all these dresses ', 'J. Crew. And you see all the stars Jordan sparks was there Felicity Huffman raven Simone they have it was just it was just an absolutely fantastic night. And the great thing is all these dresses ', "bucking ham and you know not everyone in this book from  Felicity Huffman  for Desperate to Tony Lots of interesting people of them and it's such a wide variety people love  Felicity Huffman  and see on television entertainment because I think ", "-- bucking ham and you know not everyone in this book from Felicity Huffman for Desperate -- to Tony -- -- -- -- Lots of interesting people in this book what you. I'll ask itself the kids because there were fifty of them and it's such a wide variety people love Felicity Huffman and -- -- see on television entertainment because I think it's interesting things its name light. Bill is saying. You know the ", 'to do that once and down it went tore my leg. And you said your wife weigh in you know helping with is obviously  Felicity Huffman  big thing fan here of of hers. Have been married for a while you have kids just want to ask you being married longtime ', 'said your wife -- weigh in you know helping with is obviously Felicity Huffman big thing -- -- fan here of of hers. Have been married for a while you have kids -- just want to ']