['with HIV listed as a significant contributing factor to his death. Following his death, cast members, including  Florence Henderson , who played his wife on the show, and Barry Williams, who played Greg Brady, acknowledged that he was a closeted ', 'treadmill or laughing at a joke because, she says, "Your period pads are for your period. Period."  Florence Henderson  for Polident  Florence Henderson  has no problem flashing her Brady-perfect smile as the longtime spokeswoman for Polident, the ', 'Race" "The Deadliest Catch" Favorite TV Mom WINNER: Phylicia Rashad as "Clair Huxtable" Other finalists:  Florence Henderson  as "Carol Brady" Doris Roberts as "Marie Barone" Marion Ross as "Marion Cunningham" Barbara Billingsley as ', 'Florence Henderson  says she wanted her "Brady Bunch" character to work outside the it all," i.e., a family and a career. If it had been up to  Florence Henderson , the actress who played her, she would have. "I fought so hard ', 'treadmill or laughing at a joke because, she says, "your period pads are for your period. Period."  Florence Henderson  for Polident  Florence Henderson  has no problem flashing her Brady-perfect smile as the longtime spokeswoman for Polident, the ', 'treadmill or laughing at a joke because, she says, "your period pads are for your period. Period."  Florence Henderson  for Polident  Florence Henderson  has no problem flashing her Brady-perfect smile as the longtime spokeswoman for Polident, the ', 'With the Stars" alongside celebrities David Hasselhoff, Mike "The Situation" Sorrentino from "Jersey Shore,"  Florence Henderson  and Jennifer Grey. She placed third in the competition\'s 11th season. Palin\'s memoir, "Not Afraid of Life ', 'before he shot himself. Six people, including the gunman, were killed. Famous Birthdays 1921 Hugh Downs 1934  Florence Henderson  1942 Michael Bloomberg 1944 Carl Bernstein 1946 Gregory Hines 1948 Teller (of Penn and Teller) 1968 Scott McClellan ', 'Jessica Parker and Matthew Broderick, John Lithgow, John Krasinski and Emily Blunt, Stanley Tucci, Smokey Robinson,  Florence Henderson , violinist Itzhak Perlman, Rep Nancy Pelosi, Transportation Secretary Ray Lahood, Sen. Kent Conrad, Rahm ', 'Florence Henderson  was honest and funny in this interview. She reveals why she strayed in her marriage, and talks about a one night stand with former ', 'Florence Henderson , raised a good Catholic, was given special dispensation by a Jesuit priest cousin of hers to use birth control. Here she explains why.', 'meet a lot of interesting people. Some you like, others perhaps not so much. This one I loved. Having watched  Florence Henderson  as Mrs. Carol Brady on THE BRADY Bunch when I was a teenager, she was like the second mother that we all wished we ', "This song had been written by Sherwood. Sure which courts and frank And it's become an iconic song when I do my one woman show. At one point I'd open the show up to Q&A with the audience. And and then I talk about the Brady Bunch and how it came about global global box and then I say an honor that", 'song. But it turned out to be the last dance for  Florence Henderson  and her partner Corky ballas who were eliminated Courtney. And joining us now from Los Angeles are  Florence Henderson  and Corky ballas good morning T a in Florence ', 'Bunch song. But it turned out to be the last dance for Florence Henderson and her partner Corky ballas who were eliminated from Dancing With The Stars last night -- -- the moment. -- with the lowest overall combined total and therefore leaving. Right now. Florence and Courtney. And joining us now from Los Angeles are Florence Henderson and Corky ballas good morning T a -- in Florence. -- -- was upset about this little girls are big Brady Bunch ', "Everyone welcome to focus on faith on Monday Edward and the woman sitting across from me it's well known to you  Florence Henderson . Florence is best known for her role as mom Carol Brady hit TV shows that greedy bunch. But she started her career ", "and the woman sitting across from me it's well known to you Florence Henderson . Florence is best known for her role as -- mom Carol Brady hit TV shows that greedy bunch. But she started her ", "Actress  Florence Henderson  is talking about her run in with crabs. And it wasn't on a very Brady vacation and her new tell all memoir Henderson writes ", "Actress Florence Henderson is talking about her run in with crabs. And it wasn't on a very Brady vacation and her new tell all memoir "]