['young daughter, Forstmann stepped in to fill his shoes. The businessman had previously been romantically linked to  Elizabeth Hurley  and Princess Diana. Forstmann was incredibly accomplished in his own right. A former investment banker, he became ', 'Lauder recently jumped on the bandwagon, signing Wen as its first Asian "brand ambassador," joining the ranks of  Elizabeth Hurley  and Gwyneth Paltrow. A native daughter like Wen might unlock the door to China\'s enormous market. "I think Estee ', 'friends for dinner nearly every night, according to his spokesman. Over the years those friends have included actress  Elizabeth Hurley , Princess Diana, and most recently Padma Lakshmi, host of TV cooking show "Top Chef."', 'the award-winning 60 Minutes journalist. On the same flight, in the front row, was Rupert Murdoch and actress  Elizabeth Hurley . Kohn managed to say hello to Murdoch but not Hurley--"Every time she stood up the whole plane would stop talking ', "Kate Hudson dropped 20 pounds after cutting alcohol out of her diet. Gwyneth Paltrow swears by fasts and detoxes.  Elizabeth Hurley  swapped wine for vodka and, after the birth of her son Damien, took to eating only one meal a day. So what's ", 'recent work includes the role of record producer Ben Cendars in the cable TV series "Crash." Dennis Hopper and  Elizabeth Hurley  in 1996\'s "Samson and Deliiah." In addition to his film and television projects, Hopper has been a photographer ', 'Celebrities are notorious for their wild weight swings . Think Jessica Simpson and Jennifer Love Hewitt . But when it comes to shedding the pounds, are celebrities really the best authority? "They are idolized by the public," Keith Ayoob, a registered dietician and director of the nutrition clinic', "interviews. Bing, a long-time friend of Clinton's, has a colorful background: He fathered a child with supermodel  Elizabeth Hurley  and once sued billionaire investor Kirk Kerkorian, claiming that private investigators hired by Kerkorian invaded ", "former owner of MGM, to film producer Steven Bing, who allegedly used Pellicano in an attempt to dig up dirt on  Elizabeth Hurley  after she claimed Bing was the father of her child. Pellicano remains in jail awaiting trial. When there's a ", 'Street Kings." Cavallari, who recently turned 21, keeps her style simple and her teen fans dazzled. Actresses  Elizabeth Hurley  and Gwyneth Paltrow looked stunning in pink as they attend the Breast Cancer Foundation\'s Hottest Pink Party in ', 'granted." Furnish was in charge of choosing the party colors, orange and pink, based on colors he saw as a guest at  Elizabeth Hurley \'s wedding in India. "If you were a friend of the bride you wore a pink turban, and if you were a friend of the ', "brand made Paulina Porizkova one of the most famous faces on the planet. It also launched the modeling career of  Elizabeth Hurley , who, at the time, was known primarily for being Hugh Grant's girlfriend. Next came supermodels Carolyn Murphy ", 'who has photographed Kate Moss, Nikki Taylor and  Elizabeth Hurley , has a favorite in Pfeiffer, who he has also worked said McMullen, who also names Julia Roberts and  Elizabeth Hurley  as favorites."[Pfeiffer] is just so damn beautiful ', "citizens of Karl I can't fight she has court judgment I love doing this OK anyway next. 46 year old 46 year old  Elizabeth Hurley  says that she is looking better than ever she wears a bikini as she has all swimwear line. What I loved about this ", 'doing this -- OK anyway next. 46 year old 46 year old Elizabeth Hurley says that she is looking better than ever she wears a bikini as she has -- all swimwear line. What I loved ', 'and Which is probably why Hugh Grant thought no one would notice if He picked up a hooker here when He was dating  Elizabeth Hurley . The DMZ tour is an interactive experience. Tourist as paparazzi who we see a celebrity more on this tomorrow white ', 'notice if He picked up a hooker here when He was dating Elizabeth Hurley . The DMZ tour is an interactive experience. Tourist as paparazzi who we see a celebrity more on this tomorrow white itself to ', "screenings and proceeds go to Right action for foundation. Sounds wonderful now what about  Elizabeth Hurley  she's also very involved that's right  Elizabeth Hurley  has been involved for more than a decade. With the Estee Lauder pink ribbon campaign ", "to -- Right action for -- foundation. Sounds wonderful now what about Elizabeth Hurley she's also very involved that's right Elizabeth Hurley has been involved for more than a decade. With the Estee Lauder pink ribbon campaign of course. They have tons of products ", 'hard to of diet. The raw food diet it may be trendy it gets three thumbs down now number twos the blood type guy.  Elizabeth Hurley  confessed that she and her former boyfriend Hugh Grant tried it and an astounding amount of weight. The theory is ', 'gets three thumbs down now -- number twos the blood type guy. Elizabeth Hurley confessed that she and her former boyfriend Hugh Grant tried it and -- -- an astounding amount of weight. The theory is ', "First she combined hope terror high fashion with plunging neckline in miniskirts redefining the party dress. From  Elizabeth Hurley  is out Regis safety pin addressed to Jennifer Lopez's barely there down. For searching the line between sexuality ", "high fashion with plunging neckline in miniskirts redefining the party dress. From Elizabeth Hurley is out Regis safety pin addressed to Jennifer Lopez's barely there -- down. For searching -- the line between sexuality and sensuality. ", "is basically every link you sent in are gonna get ten cents. To cancer and yes it's a great campaign. Actors  Elizabeth Hurley  is apparently creating a campaign for Estee Lauder in memory of her grandmother who passed away from the disease ", "get ten cents. To cancer and yes it's a great campaign. Actors Elizabeth Hurley is apparently creating a campaign for Estee Lauder in memory of her grandmother who passed away from the disease tell us about "]