['Perlman of The Jayhawks is 52. Actor Michael Hayden ("Murder One") is 50. Actress Lori Loughlin is 49. Actress  Elizabeth Berkley  is 41. Singer Afroman is 39. Drummer Todd Anderson of Heartland is 38. Singer Jacoby Shaddix of Papa Roach is ', 'of Gosselaar, Mario Lopez,  Elizabeth Berkley , Tiffani Thiessen , Lark Voorhies tied the knot last December.  Elizabeth Berkley /Jessie Spano After "Saved by the Bell,"  Elizabeth Berkley , who played Jessie Spano ', '"Saved by the Bell" star  Elizabeth Berkley  is expecting her first child with husband Greg Lauren. Berkley revealed her baby bump in black workout clothes in Los Angeles ', 'also launched the careers of  Elizabeth Berkley , Mark-Paul Gosselaar, Lark girlfriend Courtney Mazza.  Elizabeth Berkley /Jessie Spano After "Saved by the Bell,"  Elizabeth Berkley , who played Jessie Spano ', "should stop shaking her head so much. She's going to give herself a goddamn concussion. But I also noticed that  Elizabeth Berkley 's character (a mindless twit whose name I couldn't bother remembering) was wearing a pair of high-waisted ", 'wrapped in 1994, also launched the careers of  Elizabeth Berkley , Tiffani Thiessen, Mark-Paul Gosselaar daughter, Harper Renn Smith, in June.  Elizabeth Berkley /Jessie Spano  Elizabeth Berkley  as Jessie and now. After "Saved by the ', "British pop singing/songwriting sensation Natasha Bedingfield traveled extensively through North America in 2008 to promote her latest album Pocketful of Sunshine, whose title track was one of the year's top 10 selling digital tracks, according to Nielsen. She recently returned from New Zealand,", "When  Elizabeth Berkley  isn't working on her television shows, CBS' CSI: Miami or Showtime's The L Word, the actress takes to the road to talk ", 'the time that we spent together." That helps to explain the screening of the 1995 flick "Showgirls" starring  Elizabeth Berkley . So, did Jesse trade a high school education for "Showgirls"? He says, "Well, no, but we did watch it one ', 'Arquette, Christina Ricci,  Elizabeth Berkley , Jimmy Smits, Goran Visnjic attention to their efforts.  Elizabeth Berkley  ("Showgirls," "Saved by commissioner, Major League Baseball,  Elizabeth Berkley , actress, Jimmy Smits, actor ', 'after The Curse of the Jade Scorpion, the usual ensemble-packed comedy, which includes Dan Aykroyd, Helen Hunt,  Elizabeth Berkley , Charlize Theron, John Schuck, Wallace Shawn, David Ogden Stiers, and Allen himself in the cast. Richards ', 'after The Curse of the Jade Scorpion, the usual ensemble-packed comedy, which includes Dan Aykroyd, Helen Hunt,  Elizabeth Berkley , Charlize Theron, John Schuck, Wallace Shawn, David Ogden Stiers, and Allen himself in the cast. Richards ', 'already have the title: The Curse of the Jade Scorpion. The ensemble comedy cast includes Dan Aykroyd, Helen Hunt,  Elizabeth Berkley , Charlize Theron, John Schuck, Wallace Shawn, David Ogden Stiers, and Allen himself. Richards Goes Undercover ', "what's the buzz I dated last seen in New York.  Elizabeth Berkley  is stepping it up to former saved by the bell beauty say I love it can fix it took forever you know.  Elizabeth Berkley  thanks so much for joining us today thanks a And ", "back to what's the buzz I dated last seen in New York. Elizabeth Berkley is stepping it up to former saved by the bell beauty an -- showgirls star. As a host of new reality show ", 'I love it can fix it took forever -- -- you know. Elizabeth Berkley thanks so much for joining us today thanks a -- And you can check out stepping out which airs every Thursday at ', "competition. Historically it's the women been doing stripping in Hollywood. Think Demi Moore in striptease and  Elizabeth Berkley  and showgirls. Females different movies before with a full TV audiences laugh not much. Marketers are seeing women ", 'been doing -- stripping in Hollywood. Think Demi Moore in striptease and Elizabeth Berkley and showgirls. Females different movies before with a full -- TV audiences laugh not much. Marketers are seeing women in this new ', "Madras on their web site that lets gorgeous thousands thousands thousand dollars I don't know. Sit by the bells  Elizabeth Berkley  has something she wants to share all of us listen. She's announced. That she and her husband David and Thornton ", "thousands -- thousand dollars I don't know. -- Sit by the bells Elizabeth Berkley has something she wants to share -- all of us listen. -- -- -- -- She's -- announced. That she and her ", 'antibiotics that just to get. Just about right the butter and grease that way Problem guess what we all remember the name  Elizabeth Berkley  what I do in the eighties you watch saved by the mail this was. Jesse from the show like these Con nerdy a plus ', 'grease that way -- Problem guess what we all remember the name Elizabeth Berkley -- -- what I do in the eighties you watch saved by the mail this was. Jesse from the show like these ']