['in 1977. The Oscars are on Feb. 24. Gomer Pyle Gets Married Jim Nabors, the actor who played Gomer Pyle in "The  Andy Griffith  Show," revealed today that at the age of 82 he has married his longtime partner, Stan Cadwallader. The two have ', 'Film director (A Beautiful Mind) and former child actor Ron Howard (The  Andy Griffith  Show) has a new part-time career: online shutterbug. The two-time Oscar winner posts his iPhone and point-and-shoot photos ', 'Film director (A Beautiful Mind) and former child actor Ron Howard (The  Andy Griffith  Show) has a new part-time career: online shutterbug. The two-time Oscar winner posts his iPhone and point-and-shoot photos ', 'revealed a secret tribute to the late  Andy Griffith  in his scripts. (NBC/The Kobol tribute" to the late TV star  Andy Griffith . Seinfeld announced on Twitter whose 1960s hit series the " Andy Griffith  Show" featured the signature ', 'Legendary actor and comedian  Andy Griffith  was laid to rest quickly, buried millions of TV viewers on "The  Andy Griffith  Show" and "Matlock," died In 1960, Griffith landed "The  Andy Griffith  Show" on CBS. He played Sheriff ', "The Wrong Fracking Button, Romney On Vacay, Chris Christie On 'Daddy State,' Walsh Says Iraq Vet Not True Hero", 'abcn.ws/P7ybmB (Amy Bingham)  Andy Griffith  and Politics: Actor Helped Democrats - Television icon  Andy Griffith , the star of the popular "The  Andy Griffith  Show" and "Matlock," died this morning ', 'and First Lady Michelle Obama paid tribute to the late  Andy Griffith  on Tuesday, hailing the television icon as "a performer Michelle and I were saddened to hear about the passing of  Andy Griffith  this morning," Obama said in a statement released ', 'Wollenberg/UPI/Newscom Television icon  Andy Griffith , the star of the popular "The  Andy Griffith  Show" and "Matlock," died this morning video that reenacted a scene from "The  Andy Griffith  Show." "Well Opie, people are funny ', 'Andy Griffith , the legendary entertainer who became name to millions of TV viewers on "The  Andy Griffith  Show" and "Matlock," died today politics. In 1960, Griffith landed "The  Andy Griffith  Show" on CBS, in which he played Sheriff ', 'Andy Griffith  was taken to the hospital this morning after EMS responded to a call not confirmed his condition. Griffith, 86, is best known for "The  Andy Griffith  Show" on CBS, in which he played Sheriff Andy Taylor, a widower and ', 'Slayer James L. Brooks The Simpsons, Taxi, Lou Grant, The Mary Tyler Moore Show, Phyllis, Rhoda, Room 222, The  Andy Griffith  Show Mark Burnett Survivor, Celebrity Apprentice, Are You Smarter Than a 5th Grader?, Shark Tank, The Voice Cindy ', 'station mechanic Goober on "The  Andy Griffith  Show" died early today following usually about something funny,"  Andy Griffith  said in a statement posted on Broadway. Lindsey starred on "The  Andy Griffith  Show" from 1964 to 1968 and its ', 'to mayberry where for eight years beginning in 1960.  Andy Griffith  starred as sheriff Andy Taylor opens law. You know wonderfully funny. Hollywood took note and gave the  Andy Griffith  Show when he went off the air it was being number one ', "TV viewers back to mayberry where for eight years beginning in 1960. Andy Griffith starred as sheriff Andy Taylor opens law. You know that that you've been -- the golden rule. Do onto others as you ", '-- and was wonderfully funny. Hollywood took note and gave -- the Andy Griffith Show when he went off the air it was being number one rated program. Twenty years later -- make a comeback as ', 'moment. For all of us remember  Andy Griffith  but legend we yesterday at the Rock called him the original beat  Andy Griffith  a legendary career forged from that hip urban nights do today.  Andy Griffith  was its most appealing embodiment ', "And now let's take a moment. For all of us remember Andy Griffith but legend we -- yesterday at the age of 86. To sit there in this internship for half a century. He entertained ", "for generations of fans Chris Rock called him the original -- beat Andy Griffith a legendary career forged from a mythical place. Somewhere wandering -- around -- barriers. -- -- -- At a time in the sixties when small town America and its amiable eccentrics held the same sway over sitcoms that hip urban nights do today. Andy Griffith was its most appealing embodiment serving up folksy wisdom. Chicago tiger on -- -- luckily it. And plenty of awe shucks smiles. At you tail and -- As may -- sheriff -- Taylor on the Andy Griffith Show. That -- sheriff and I got my beauty -- its last original episode aired 44 years ago. It it would become an enduring TV classic. Making Griffith himself. Thank god I'm a country boy icon to millions. Doing all along. On Tuesday as news of Pickett's death begin distressed Fred Hayes who featured that the news video from Clayton on a woman. Took to Twitter in tribute tweeting. Andy Griffith entertain the world. He improved our lives and I was so proud to work with him and so did the actor and ", "Matlock. Dragged the body to the middle of the room at the Andy Griffith Show -- his signature. TV shows come and go but there's only one Andy Griffith . -- 2005. George W. Bush presented him with the presidential medal of freedom. Use family Laurie editor -- about a little town ", "defense. The Dali Lama. And the sheriff of mayberry.  Andy Griffith  first came the people's attention with his gift for Grammy Award for You'll always be remembered for the  Andy Griffith  Show and Matlock. It is also given powerful dramatic ", "state secretary of defense. The Dali Lama. And the sheriff of mayberry. Andy Griffith first came -- the people's attention with his gift for storytelling. In his own life is a mighty fine story by itself. He started out I schoolteacher and in his amazing career is gained fame as an actor. And received a Grammy Award for -- -- You'll always be remembered for the Andy Griffith Show and Matlock. It is also given powerful dramatic performances in such movies as -- face in the crowd. Looking back on ", 'treasure lost today we learned  Andy Griffith  has died all day long so many American households Julian 1960s.  Andy Griffith  was to have America share small quintessential American town. The  Andy Griffith  Show debuted in 1960. Young Ronnie ', "An American treasure lost today we learned Andy Griffith has died all day long so many remembering that fictional town of -- that sheriff. -- -- Listen to an American households Julian -- 1960s. -- Andy Griffith was to have America share small fictional town of -- with his wisdom -- week I spoke to since -- and let that quintessential American town. The Andy Griffith Show debuted in 1960. Young Ronnie Howard playing the widowed sheriff's young son open. -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- ", 'And we have a big announcement tonight from a familiar face in our past. It\'s gomer pyle. Shazam! That\'s "the  andy griffith  show" and jim nabors. Today, the 82-year-old has announced he has married his long-time partner. They have ', 'a familiar face in our past. It\'s gomer pyle. Shazam! That\'s "the andy griffith show" and jim nabors. Today, the 82-year-old has announced he has married his long-time partner. They have been together for 38 years. ', "Tom's timing in that scene was so impeccable. Hope the door's open. Reporter: Your number two favorite tv dad,  andy griffith . At the heart of the series, the raising of his son. Killed that bird, didn't you? Reporter: Opie taylor ", "impeccable. Hope the door's open. Reporter: Your number two favorite tv dad, andy griffith . At the heart of the series, the raising of his son. Killed that bird, didn't you? Reporter: Opie taylor, played by, guess ", "I used to watch and you beat  Andy Griffith  show you Dana a little below what as sheriff Andy Taylor on the  Andy Griffith  Show. ABC's brandy hit have eight years beginning in 1960.  Andy Griffith  starred as sheriff Andy Taylor ", "those charming Everyman kind. I used to watch and you -- beat Andy Griffith show you Dana -- a little below what it's worth it yeah. But first on this fourth of July do you really ", "was best known for his role as sheriff Andy Taylor on the Andy Griffith Show. ABC's brandy hit have a look back at his life. To this day that whistle calls TV viewers back to mayberry where for eight years beginning in 1960. Andy Griffith starred as sheriff Andy Taylor opens -- You know that that you've been -- the golden rule. Do onto others as you ", 'heard it is funny as Hollywood took note and gave him the Andy Griffith Show. When he went off the air it was being number one rated program. Twenty years later they could make a comeback ']