["forcing her mother, Teri Hatcher's Susan, to comically take the wheel of the limo to get them to the hospital.  Felicity Huffman 's Lynette reconciled with her estranged husband, Tom, when she made a moving speech at the wedding telling the ", 'her "Desperate Housewives" family after her 2010 divorce from basketball player Tony Parker. She often went to  Felicity Huffman  for advice. "Felicity is someone that she was leaning on, especially after her divorce from Tony," Triggs said ', 'said, "I\'m the girl that\'ll say, \'uh, I\'ll tell you what I did.\'" Williams is clearly a girls\' girl.  Felicity Huffman , her co-star on "Desparate Housewives," told me during a visit on the set of Wisteria Lane that Williams is ', '1929 John Cassavetes 1934 Judi Dench 1947 Tom Daschle 1953 John Malkovich 1957 Donny Osmond 1960 Terry Moran 1962  Felicity Huffman  1969 Jakob Dylan 1970 Kara DioGuardi 1972 Tre Cool 1977 Imogen Heap 1978 Jesse Metcalfe Jump back to Dec. 8: Day ', "L'Oreal and LG, but all three of her co-stars are also on our list. Marcia Cross ranks third with $10 million and  Felicity Huffman  and Terry Hatcher tie for fifth with $9 million each. The adventures of the four suburban housewives have been ", 'school. Susan (Teri Hatcher) recalled how Edie delivered the news that her husband was having an affair; Lynette ( Felicity Huffman ) remembered how Edie jolted her out of feeling sorry for herself when she was battling cancer; Brie (Marcia Cross ', 'on Union, she pretty much did. It breaks my heart to leave out Mary-Louise Parker ("Showtime\'s Weeds"),  Felicity Huffman  ("Desperate Housewives") and Julia Louis-Dreyfus ("The New Adventures of Old Christine"), but choices ', 'category. Nominees for lead actress in a comedy are America Ferrera for "Ugly Betty," Tina Fey for "30 Rock,"  Felicity Huffman  for "Desperate Housewives," Mary Louise Parker for "Weeds" and Julia Louis-Dreyfus for "The New Adventures ', "remarry. Facing money problems, they take in a boarder (Justine Bateman) who (of course) has a secret. Lynette ( Felicity Huffman ) surprising Bree with her behavior at the latter's church. Lynette also deals with the return of the tempting ", 'storylines, as on a recent episode of ABC\'s "Desperate Housewives," in which pizza shop owner Lynette Scavo ( Felicity Huffman ) explains her downturn in business to a neighbor thusly: "When times get tough, people do without things like ', "go with a Morgan Fairchild, the cool glam. But  Felicity Huffman  could also pull it off, all polished and put together bit. I think that would be a good fit. Bowen:  Felicity Huffman . It's a tough one. I originally said Amy Poehler ", "your first stop for cultural affairs I'm Jennifer Roberts and I have a great pleasure today is sitting here with  Felicity Huffman  you know her as Lynette on Desperate Housewives. But she is also breaking out in a brand new role in a new found ", 'Roberts and I have a great pleasure today is sitting here with Felicity Huffman you know her as Lynette on Desperate Housewives. But she is also breaking out in a brand new role in a new ', "You know her former Emmy winning role on Desperate Housewives now  Felicity Huffman  Helping the desperate guys out there. A new book it's called a practical handbook for the boyfriend trust me it is laugh out ", "You know her former Emmy winning role on Desperate Housewives now Felicity Huffman -- Helping the desperate guys out there. A new book it's called a practical handbook for the boyfriend trust me it is ", 'he meant to the other character. To get to work of people like Eva Longoria and have intimacy with the years and  Felicity Huffman  and so remembering lines Soviet next week gets actually one of the best episodes after and dads and and what happened ', 'of people like Eva Longoria and have intimacy with the years and Felicity Huffman and so -- -- remembering lines Soviet next week gets actually one of the best episodes after and dads and and what ', "end of the road it was And the desperate house let's cast is getting very sentimental has the show eight year run  Felicity Huffman  faded out these photos of day eight of the countdown. Behind the scenes and what she calls the three he got Longoria ", 'is getting very sentimental has the show -- -- eight year run Felicity Huffman faded out these photos of day eight of the countdown. Behind the scenes and what she calls the three -- he got ', "Yankee she comes from she Bringing her New York sensibility to the lane. She is say a college roommate of played by  Felicity Huffman . And that she's having problems in a marriage she comes to really. Get some solace in and they advised him her ", "the lane. She is say a college roommate of -- played by Felicity Huffman . And that she's having problems in a marriage -- she comes to really. Get some solace in and they advised him her ", 'women to have worked with designers. And so I work with J. Crew. And you see all the stars Jordan sparks was there  Felicity Huffman  raven Simone they have it was just it was just an absolutely fantastic night. And the great thing is all these dresses ', 'J. Crew. And you see all the stars Jordan sparks was there Felicity Huffman raven Simone they have it was just it was just an absolutely fantastic night. And the great thing is all these dresses ']