['American 100-meter record holder Tyson Gay, who had promoted himself as a clean athlete, tested positive for a banned substance and said he will pull out of the world championships next month in Moscow.Gay wouldn\'t reveal the substance in a phone conversation from Amsterdam on Sunday, but he said he was notified by the U.S. Anti-Doping Agency late last week that a sample came back positive from a May 16 out-of-competition test. He said he will have his "B\'\' sample tested soon, possibly as early as this week."I don\'t have a sabotage story. I don\'t have any lies. I don\'t have anything to say to make this seem like it was a mistake or it was on USADA\'s hands, someone playing games," said Gay, who fought back sobs as he spoke. "I don\'t have any of those stories. I basically put my trust in someone and I was let down."Asked who that person was, Gay replied: "I can\'t really say it. Sometimes a human being naturally, generally trusts somebody. That\'s what people do."USATF CEO Max Siegel said ...', "Dominican athlete Felix Sanchez won his second gold medal Friday night at the 2012 London Olympic Games in the 400-meter hurdles, while Puerto Rico's Javier Culson t...", 'London 2012 Olympics: Felix Sanchez Wins 2nd Gold for Abuela, Dominican Republic', "Men's 4x400m Relay Final: Bahamas Wins, U.S. Misses Gold For First Time Since 1980", "The United States has been the dominant force in the men's 4x400-meter relay for the entirety of the event's Olympic existence. But an upstart Bahamas quartet turned...", "When it comes to the 4x400-meter Olympic relay, the American men aren't used to being overtaken at the end, the way Angelo Taylor was Friday night.Then again, they h...", "2012 Olympics, Men's 4x400 Relay Results: United States Misses Gold For 1st Time Since 1980", "The United States missed out on a gold medal in the men's 4x400-meter relay for the first time since 1980, finishing behind the Bahamas by just .33 seconds. Team USA...", "The United States women beat Jamaica for gold in the women's 400-meter relay, smashing the world record for its first Olympic title in this event in 16 years.The Ame...", "Day 10 at the 2012 Summer Olympics is a packed day of United States team action, with Team USA men's basketball, women's soccer and men's volleyball (both indoor and...", "Some of the world's finest athletes will take to the track on Monday in London at the 2012 Olympics, and you can see all of their medal events for free online via NB...", "Felix Sanchez of the Dominican Republic won his second gold medal in the men's 400-meter hurdles, while Michael Tinsley of the United States took silver.Sanchez, the...", "On a night when the lack of American men in the 400 meters was conspicuous, Jenn Suhr filled the void for the United States with a shocking win in the women's pole v...", "On a night when the lack of American men in the 400 meters was conspicuous, Jenn Suhr filled the void for the United States with a shocking win in the women's pole v...", "The Bahamas claimed its first gold in the men's 1,600-meter relay, beating a short-handed United States team with a national record time.The Bahamas, winner of the s...", "The Dominican Republic's Felix Sanchez won gold in the men's 400m hurdles Monday night at the Olympic Stadium in London. Sanchez, had the fastest time in qualifying ...", '(Changes Friday to Monday in lead graf)HASH(0xa4ae7c0)Dominican athlete Felix Sanchez won his second gold medal Monday night at the 2012 London Olympic Games in the ...']