['Parker on the police drama "Flashpoint" until it was canceled last year. He recently signed on to star alongside  Geena Davis  in a TNT bounty hunter drama. He\'s also had several guest-starring roles on hit shows including "Person of Interest ', 'Dad 5. JEEP: Families waiting Image credit: ABC News So Long Lavonne "Pepper" Paire-Davis , the inspiration for  Geena Davis \' character Dottie in "A League of Their Own," has died at the age of 88. Paire-Davis played 10 seasons as a catcher ', 'clicking here . Learn from the stellar line-up: supermodel Christy Turlington, Desmond Tutu, Lance Armstrong, Actress  Geena Davis  and so many more talented individuals about their use of social media to do good in the world. The Clinton Global Initiative ', "The late Princess Diana vacationed there with the young Princes William and Harry. Oprah Winfrey, Kevin Costner,  Geena Davis , Robert De Niro, Kate Moss, Nick Lachey, Orlando Bloom and Miranda Kerr have all kicked up their feet on the island's ", 'Consuelos, John Lithgow, Elmo, Maria and Gordon of Sesame Street, John Bemelmans Marciano, Kristi Yamaguchi, and  Geena Davis  will attend as well as numerous athletes and celebrity chefs. Afterwards Mr. Obama will convene a meeting of his national ', 'Michelle Obama Tells Girls to "Break the Glass Ceiling" at White House Ladies Night', 'women are pushing off that decision until after they turn 40. Some, like Holly Hunter, who had twin boys at 47, and  Geena Davis  , whose twin boys were born when she was 48, refuse to divulge how they conceived their children. Therapist Patricia ', 'themselves as rising stars. A generation of actresses and singers before them -- including Madonna, Susan Sarandon and  Geena Davis  -- waited until they were pushing or past 40 and cemented in their careers before becoming mothers. So why is young ', "married seven times. By comparison, they put today's celebrities to shame. Billy Bob Thornton has had five wives and  Geena Davis , five husbands. The divorce rate in America is at its lowest level since 1970. One relationship expert says, though ", 'Prevention. Grace is certainly not the only high-profile woman over 40 to have her own baby in recent years. Oscar winner  Geena Davis  had twin boys at age 47, and Elizabeth Edwards delivered her son Jack at age 50. And 60-year-old Frieda Birnbaum ', "Now when she's not dominating that big and a small screen Gena Davis is hard at work on another project. The award winning actress is a longtime advocate for women and girls and their portrayal in the media. Her goal to get more females and more very trails of their characters. And TV movies and", '35 years ago women were given a new opportunity to participate in sports like never before. For the first time college university were required to provide equal athletic opportunities for both men and women. Today 35 years later women are thriving in sports participating in everything from boxing']