["The finals for the men's 4x400-meter relay and women's 4x100 relay at the 2012 Olympics both take place on Friday, and the speculation about who, exactly, will be se...", "Sanya Richards-Ross' quest for gold in the women's 400-meter began Friday, as the American runner moved into the semifinal round on the first day of track and field ...", 'The track and field competition at the London Games kicked off Friday at Olympic Stadium and the first two gold medals went to a pair of familiar faces.Tirunesh Diba...', 'The sun is setting and rising at the same time on United States swimming.On the same night Michael Phelps won his last individual race, giving us a final glimpse of ...', "Jamaica's Shelly-Ann Fraser-Pryce won her second straight gold medal in the women's 100-meters Saturday at the London Games, but the host nation of Great Britain wou...", 'It was a familiar scene, Michael Phelps atop an Olympic medal podium, gold medal hanging from his neck.No one has ever done it more. Maybe no one ever will. And if w...', "One night after Usain Bolt electrified the crowd at Olympic Stadium with his second straight gold medal in the men's 100 meters, the track and field competition cont...", "Wallace Spearmon Jr. closed strong to win the men's 200-meter dash final on Sunday at the U.S. Track & Field Olympic Trials.Spearmon finished at 19.82 seconds to pac...", "With a Monday runoff in the women's 100 meters still looming over the U.S. track trials, Wallace Spearmon kept the men's 200 controversy-free with an easy victory.Sp...", 'Wallace Spearmon took another step toward erasing the bad memories of his disqualification at the Beijing Olympics, overcoming a slow start to win the 200-meter fina...', 'Jeneba Tarmoh has made the U.S. track and field team for the London Olympics, joining Allyson Felix, Tyson Gay and Justin Gatlin on the 127-athlete roster.Tarmoh was...', 'Maybe the response just slipped. Or maybe the question completely caught her off guard.As Allyson Felix sauntered away from the crowd and on to safety, she actually ...', "Allyson Felix set up a showdown with Sanya Richards-Ross and Jeneba Tarmoh by advancing to the final at the women's 200 meters Friday at the U.S. Track & Field Olymp...", "Glenn Eller (Katy, Texas) secured his fourth U.S. Olympic Team nomination by outlasting the men's double trap field at the U.S. Olympic Team Trials for Shotgun on Ma...", 'Americans Lashinda Demus, Jennifer Barringer Simpson and Jesse Williams were all gold medal winners on Thursday at the 2011 world track and field championships.Demus...']