['am the happiest Hispanic I\'ve ever met. Truly. I\'m a very, very happy woman." Moreno currently appears with  Fran Drescher  in TV Land\'s "Happily Divorced" and just finished a movie. The autobiography she\'s written, "Rita Moreno ', 'A Nuyorican in LA: The Accents, Slang Words, and Attitudes That Define (and Divide) Us', 'cross-country courtship , agreed that my sister had a very distinct accent, but not a Latino one. "She sounds more like  Fran Drescher ." My mom, according to Ken, a lifelong Angeleno who has no detectable accent to my ear, has more of a Latino accent ', 'Fran Drescher Fran Drescher  recently said in an interview that she believed she and her ex-husband had shared similar extraterrestrial experiences, asserting that they may have been implanted with alien chips in their skin. "You know, it\'s ', 'preparing for outbreak. Famous Birthdays: 1882 Hans Geiger 1924 Truman Capote 1928 Elie Wiesel 1945 Ehud Olmert 1957  Fran Drescher  1982 Kieran Culkin Travel back in time to Sept. 29: Day in History . View more videos from This Month in History ', 'colorful skirts and an instantly recognizable voice,  Fran Drescher  won America\'s hearts as the flashy girl from Flushing hate me. I went through expensive psychotherapy."  Fran Drescher  and her ex Peter Marc Jacobson. At 53 she\'s also ', 'public. Celebrity participants include Kareem Abdul-Jabbar, Christina Applegate, Lance Armstrong, Cindy Crawford,  Fran Drescher , Elizabeth Edwards, Donald Faison, Sally Field, Alyson Hannigan, Tony Hawk, Jon Heder, George Clooney, Gwyneth ', 'known worldwide for her nasal voice, New York accent, and starring role in the sitcom "The Nanny," but now actress  Fran Drescher  has recast herself as a high-profile foreign envoy , fierce political candidate and potential TV talk show host ', 'her own jewelry line, The Flying Goddess, which she said has been worn by celebrities such as Shirley MacLaine,  Fran Drescher , Maya Angelou, Jillie Mack (Mrs. Tom Selleck) and Jan (Mrs. Mickey) Rooney. "I was just pulling out a charm ', 'her own jewelry line, The Flying Goddess, which she said has been worn by celebrities such as Shirley MacLaine,  Fran Drescher , Maya Angelou, Jillie Mack (Mrs. Tom Selleck) and Jan (Mrs. Mickey) Rooney. "I was just pulling out a charm ', 'together, and going out and talking to young girls around this country," Obama told the women, including actresses  Fran Drescher  and Phylicia Rashad; singers Alicia Keys and Sheryl Crow; astronaut Mae Jemison; and U.S. Army Gen. Ann Dunwoody ', 'Etheridge and Cyndi Lauper for the Human Rights Campaign; Fallout Boy and N*E*R*D for Rock the Vote; Ashanti and  Fran Drescher  for Every Woman Counts; Kanye West for the ONE campaign; the Black Eyed Peas for the Creative Coalition; and Ashley ', 'the role of Carla on "Cheers," both gave Clinton $2,300 in the second quarter, as did "The Nanny" actress  Fran Drescher  and television actress Joely Fisher. Actress Lily Tomlin gave Clinton $2,000, and civil rights activist and actress ', "new segment here on cause celeb. Celebrity stylist Phillip Bloch has a contact list a mile long he's going to be chatting with some of his famous friends and no topic is off limits. First up is a it only rusher who is back when they hit sitcom and happily divorced. tag along with her on the way to", "Welcome to healthy life I'm doctor Patricia turner in New York. You may know her best from the CBS hit series the nanny. But is leading health advocate is also the new public envoy for women's health for the US Department of State. And she's also a uterine cancer survivor Fran welcome thanks for", "ultimately to protect his daughter. Thank you, dad. Reporter: And a cast that includes adam sandler, david spade, and  fran drescher , the star power in this 3d animated film is undeniable. I have to confess. I'm sitting in front of a lot of talent ", "dad. Reporter: And a cast that includes adam sandler, david spade, and fran drescher , the star power in this 3d animated film is undeniable. I have to confess. I'm sitting in front of a lot of "]