['majority leader Harry Reid of Nevada and Sen. Christopher Dodd of Connecticut -- face tough reelection bids in 2010,"  Gail Russell  Chaddock reports in the Christian Science Monitor. "Senate leaders are used to being lightening rods. But the overhaul ', 'Post\'s Peter Baker and Jonathan Weisman: "Bush to Cut Army Tours to 12 Months" LINK Christian Science Monitor\'s  Gail Russell  Chaddock: "At Petraeus-Crocker hearing, eyes on \'08 field" LINK Primaries: Pennsylvania: Wall Street Journal\'s ', 'Democrats: Wall Street Journal\'s Amy Chozick: "Texas Latino Bloc Not as Clear" LINK Christian Science Monitor\'s  Gail Russell  Chaddock: "If superdelegates pick nominee, Democrats face backlash" LINK Austin American-Statesman\'s Juan Castillo ', 'LINK Democrats: The Nation\'s Matt Stoller: "Dems Get New Tools, New Talent" LINK Christian Science Monitor\'s  Gail Russell  Chaddock: "Democratic primary: Quiet battle for the other delegates" LINK Super Tuesday: New York Times\' Sam Roberts ', 'Margot Sanger-Katz: "McCain parties like it\'s 1999" LINK 2008: Republicans: Paul: Christian Science Monitor\'s  Gail Russell  Chaddock: "Ron Paul: an absolute faith in free markets and less government" LINK 2008: Democrats: ABC News\' Rick ', 'State GOP chairman says Huckabee endorsement personal, not party\'s position" LINK Christian Science Monitor\'s  Gail Russell  Chaddock: "Mike Huckabee: a conservative with a social gospel" LINK 2008: Democrats: Clinton: ABC News\' JAKE ', 'Judges Often Picked Based On GOP Ties, Law Forbids Practice; Courts Being Reshaped" LINK Christian Science Monitor\'s  Gail Russell  Chaddock: "How to Revive Immigration Bill" LINK Washington Post\'s Zachary A. Goldfarb: "A weekly roundup of ', 'issues. Those kinds of personal beliefs are irrelevant or should be irrelevant. . ." Christian Science Monitor\'s  Gail Russell  Chaddock looks beyond the establishment inside-the-Beltway conservatives and the evangelical Christian conservatives ', 'issues. Those kinds of personal beliefs are irrelevant or should be irrelevant. . ." Christian Science Monitor\'s  Gail Russell  Chaddock looks beyond the establishment inside-the-Beltway conservatives and the evangelical Christian conservatives ', 'initiative that would most likely begin this summer." LINK The Houston Chronicle looks at the Bush-DeLay meeting. LINK  Gail Russell  Chaddock of the Christian Science Monitor examines the currently quite healthy relationship between Washington and big ', "making violent threats she cents. You won't prove they talking about. People like a winner Kill some psychologist  Gail Russell  reviewed parts of Christie's interrogation tape and found this action particularly talent and it's almost like He ", "talking about. People like a winner -- Kill some -- -- psychologist Gail Russell reviewed parts of Christie's interrogation tape and found this action particularly talent and it's almost like He was the father figure means "]