["Spotted Around Town: Julianne Hough on a 'Girls Weekend,' Bethenny Frankel Spinning-and More", "only recently signed onto her next feature after her BET talk show was cancelled. Then, there's her co-star  Gabourey Sidibe  , who was nominated for a best actress Oscar. After a couple of small film roles, Sidibe is now a regular on the ", '2012 Oscars: Jimmy Kimmel Welcomes Oprah Winfrey, Coldplay, and Debuts a Star-Studded Trailer', 'Charlize Theron, Tom Hanks, Ed Norton, Matt Damon as a bunch of grapes, Meryl Streep (in a moustache) and  Gabourey Sidibe  as black Hitler, amongst many, many others. Kimmel then introduced "The great and powerful Oprah Winfrey," who ', "Kardashian shoulder to shoulder along with the likes of Nicole Richie, Lisa Rinna, Emily VanCamp, Eric Stonestreet,  Gabourey Sidibe , Kimora Lee Simmons, and Beverly Johnson, who told ABCNews.com she's rooting for an unlikely best actress winner ", 'usually found on magazine covers:  Gabourey Sidibe  beams out from the October issue Elle covers for Lauren Conrad,  Gabourey Sidibe  and Megan Fox. Without a doubt more or less than the others."  Gabourey Sidibe  at a September Showtime event ', 'Jaime Oliver campaigns for more healthful eating in "Jamie " Oliver\'s Food Revolution." After "Precious" star  Gabourey Sidibe \'s Oscar nomination for best actress, Howard Stern called her "the most enormous, fat black chick" he\'d ever ', 'Introducing best actress nominee  Gabourey Sidibe  at the Oscars, "Precious" producer Oprah Winfrey called her a "true American Cinderella on the threshold of a brilliant new ', 'world can\'t get enough of the best actress battle between Meryl Streep and Sandra Bullock , the performances of  Gabourey Sidibe  as an abuse victim in " Precious " and Carey Mulligan as a teenager trying to find herself in " An Education " shouldn\'t ', 'the same award for playing a transgender man who gets raped in 1999\'s "Boys Don\'t Cry." Hollywood newcomer  Gabourey Sidibe  put her career on the fast track by taking her first major role as the title character in " Precious " -- an obese ', 'for the perceived underdog. Among the guests on Leno\'s final show Tuesday were Ashton Kutcher, "Precious" star  Gabourey Sidibe  and Bob Costas. The host kicked off with a tame jab at his employer: "The show was supposed to last two years but ', "Bullock's up against Hollywood heavyweights Meryl Streep and Helen Mirren, along with newcomers Carey Mulligan and  Gabourey Sidibe . Already, Bullock and Streep, who tied for best actress at January's Critic's Choice awards, are engaging ", 'Actress Sandra Bullock ("The Blind Side") Meryl Streep ("Julie & Julia") Carey Mulligan ("An Education")  Gabourey Sidibe  ("Precious") Helen Mirren ("The Last Station") Best Actor Jeff Bridges ("Crazy Heart") George Clooney ', "And. Hi I'm Peter Travers in this is popcorn where we tell you what's happening at the movies in a major happening right now is a little film called precious and I say little. In the sense that last year slum dog million was slum dog millionaire went on to win the best picture Oscar. And one"]