["daughter from her previous marriage to actor Don Johnson. Stella is the only child Griffith and long-time husband  Antonio Banderas  have together. Griffith's 2009 stint in rehab was the third time for the Academy Award nominated actress. She ", 'Service codenames. Frank Sinatra, a close friend of John F. Kennedy, had his own codename, "Napoleon." Actor  Antonio Banderas  was also recently given a codename during President Obama\'s fundraising trip to Los Angeles last October after ', "appearances from George Clooney, Martin Scorsese, Helen Mirren, Charlize Theron, Don Cheadle, Edward Norton,  Antonio Banderas , Samuel L. Jackson and several other luminaries from Hollywood. Kimmel's previous post-Oscar special shows ", 'was on \'ER,\' to right down the front." The ol\' seven-second delay came in handy when Gervais, introducing  Antonio Banderas  and Salma Hayek, said he couldn\'t "understand a f******g word they say." As for Colin Firth: "What ', 'gold - I hope it took your minds off the recession for a little while." The bleep came when Gervais, introducing  Antonio Banderas  and Salma Hayek, said he was sure they were very interesting people but he "can\'t understand a f***ing word ', 'Saturday Night Live," she gave the perfect sarcastic response: "It\'s a wonder I didn\'t explode." 10. She was the first celebrity to have a fragrance. Mariah Carey,  Antonio Banderas , and Donald Trump just knocked off the idea.', 'tacky, she says, since men tend to be more conservative in their grooming choices. Beardwood says scents from  Antonio Banderas , Donald Trump and Prince\'s 3121 are branding "don\'ts." "Many men like Prince but I don\'t know if they ', 'celebrities including Kevin Costner, Lance Armstrong, Goldie Hawn, Kate Hudson, Mariah Carey, Bill Gates and  Antonio Banderas  can be seen in and around town. "You never want to mouth off about how great you are," Mahon said. "Chances ', 'Director: Mike Mitchell Starring: (the voices of) Mike Myers, Eddie Murphy, Cameron Diaz,  Antonio Banderas  Synopsis: A bored and domesticated Shrek pacts with deal-maker Rumpelstiltskin to get back to feeling like a real ogre again ', 'tacky, she says, since men tend to be more conservative in their grooming choices. Beardwood says scents from  Antonio Banderas , Donald Trump and Prince\'s 3121 are branding "don\'ts." "Many men like Prince but I don\'t know if they ', 'change that with the ABC show "Un-Broke." And stars Will Smith, Seth Green, Rosario Dawson, Christian Slater,  Antonio Banderas , Marisa Tomei, Oscar the Grouch, the E*Trade babies, Cedric the Entertainer, the Jonas Brothers and Samuel ', 'Barack Obama Appears on the Tonight Show with Jay Leno; Herman Cain Makes His Own Rules', 'on Wednesday gets fined Fundraisers hosted by will and Jada Pinkett Smith and at the home of Melanie Griffith and  Antonio Banderas  at off the record meeting with some of the most powerful people in the entertainment industry the president asked ', "and Jada Pinkett Smith and at the home of Melanie Griffith and Antonio Banderas at -- off the record meeting with some of the most powerful people in the entertainment industry the president asked for Hollywood's ", "that used to fit to play. Journalists. Yeah. Outlaw yeah David and And finally everybody a funny story from actor  Antonio Banderas  he's become famous for so many roles in his terrific career but to really stand out are Zorro and he his voice ", "David -- and -- And finally everybody a funny story from actor Antonio Banderas he's become famous for so many roles in his terrific career but to -- really stand out are Zorro and he his ", "Sawyer about that difficult period. Alongside husband  Antonio Banderas . It was of Diana's like. For what they say I'm and there's a lot more to life. And her husband  Antonio Banderas  weighing in as well saying because this rehabilitation ", "she spoke to ABC's Diane Sawyer about that difficult period. Alongside husband Antonio Banderas . It was -- of Diana's like. For what they say I'm -- and tighter handling placing this like that he couldn't even ", "and wiser and there's a lot more to life. And her husband Antonio Banderas weighing in as well saying because this rehabilitation was a family affair they were visiting her up to three times a week. ", 'Zarryon Dawson Christian Slater. LL Jackson  Antonio Banderas  three. Oscar the Grouch and until had shown. Would you need to know about money. Lastly we believe that when credit rates stabilize ', 'Zarryon Dawson Christian Slater. LL Jackson Antonio Banderas -- three. Oscar the Grouch and -- until -- had shown. -- -- Would you need to know about money. Lastly we ', 'Dawson Christian Slater. OL Jackson.  Antonio Banderas  Seth Green and Oscar the Grouch until now the News center. Know about money. Last week we believe that when credit stabilize ', '-- Dawson Christian Slater. OL Jackson. Antonio Banderas Seth Green and Oscar the Grouch -- until now the -- News center. Know about money. Last week we believe that when ', "producer John now that it. Was awarded the crystal globe for outstanding artistic contribution to world cinema. Actor  Antonio Banderas  except for the festival president's award as the Houston itself. Speaking of Bob grown old Sasha baron Cohen's ", "awarded the crystal globe for outstanding artistic contribution to world cinema. Actor Antonio Banderas except for the festival president's award as the Houston itself. Speaking of -- Bob -- -- grown old Sasha baron Cohen's flamboyant ", "celebrities have been great Jennifer Aniston and I her mother. On friends and all of these people offensive Robin Williams  Antonio Banderas  Ramada. They've just great Bernie Mac and our first athlete which bush. Are all doing these PSAs for us television ", "friends and all of these people -- offensive -- -- Robin Williams Antonio Banderas -- Ramada. They've -- -- just great Bernie Mac and -- our first athlete which bush. Are all doing these PSAs for "]