['think it will be more understated, like [celebrating] real joy of what we truly have," Hough said.  Freida Pinto  and Dev Patel  Freida Pinto  and Dev Patel began dating after starring in the 2008 Academy Award-winning film "Slumdog Millionaire ', 'Oct. 18: Alaska Day; U.S. Possession of Puerto Rico; Suicide Bombing in Pakistan', '1926 Chuck Berry 1929 Violeta Chamorro 1935 Peter Boyle 1939 Mike Ditka 1939 Lee Harvey Oswald 1952 Chuck Lorre 1984  Freida Pinto  1987 Zac Efron 1990 Bristol Palin Jump back to Oct. 17: Day in History . View more videos from This Month in History ', 'my window many times. I live in Manhattan," Allen said. "I\'ve never seen anything close to an apparition like  Freida Pinto ..If I see anything at all it\'s guys working on computers." For the actors in the film, working with Allen was ', 'promoting "Inglourious Basterds," wore a staggering amount of well put-together looks with an emphasis on Chanel. 9.  FREIDA PINTO  After "Slumdog Millionaire\'s" Oscar success earlier in the year, Frieda Pinto continued to wow us with her demure ', 'Nikki Finke reports for Deadline Hollywood. Also on the list, per ABC\'s Claire Shipman: Oprah Winfrey, Actress  Freida Pinto , and Citigroup CEO Vikram Pandit -- plus Robin Roberts. The business end: "Behind the elaborate ceremony of ', 'at the Oscars People also singled out Reese Witherspoon for "best short dresses," "Slumdog Millionaire" actress  Freida Pinto  for "best use of color" and "High School Musical" star Vanessa Hudgens for "best hippie chic." "Vanessa has great ', 'People\'s list. "Slumdog Millionaire" stars Dev Patel and  Freida Pinto , whose families recently confirmed that their on-screen Jessica Lowndes and Shenae Grimes. Dev Patel and  Freida Pinto  Hollywood\'s still-growing stars earned plenty of ', "the film's leading actress,  Freida Pinto , 24, about her first feature you feeling? Any butterflies?  Freida Pinto : A bit nervous but well excited first real movie ever, right?  Freida Pinto : Absolutely, first movie ever ", 'Giggling into the phone, Indian actress  Freida Pinto  describes her brief encounter with Angelina Jolie during seems like it was all written up there for us," says  Freida Pinto , who plays "Latika." By "up there," the gorgeous ', 'kind of validation from Hollywood to Bollywood, really," he said. Lead actors and Hollywood newcomers Dev Patel and  Freida Pinto  couldn\'t believe their fate either. "Tom Cruise, Brad Pitt, Angelina Jolie -- all three of them love the film ', "million-dollar prize on the show not to get out of poverty, but rather for love. Latika, played by the gorgeous  Freida Pinto , is the object of Jamal's affection, from boyhood to early manhood. She is, it seems--his sole motivation for living ", "million-dollar prize on the show not to get out of poverty, but rather for love. Latika, played by the gorgeous  Freida Pinto , is the object of Jamal's affection, from boyhood to early manhood. She is, it seems--his sole motivation for living "]