['way this story is told I\'ve never seen before," he said. Yes, it features Lowe as the doomed president and  Ginnifer Goodwin  as first lady Jackie Kennedy, but it also depicts Lee Harvey Oswald\'s life before killing Kennedy. Will Rothhaar ', 'introduced in a similar fashion at last year\'s pop-culture convention. O\'Donoghue and "Once Upon a Time" actors  Ginnifer Goodwin , Jennifer Morrison, Josh Dallas, Lana Parrilla, Emilie de Ravin, Robert Carlyle and Colin O\'Donoghue were joined ', 'Grumpy, ditching a blue dress, diving into the ocean and flapping a mermaid tail. "Once Upon a Time" actors  Ginnifer Goodwin , Jennifer Morrison, Josh Dallas, Lana Parrilla, Emilie de Ravin, Robert Carlyle and Colin O\'Donoghue were ', 'new National Geographic Channel film, "Killing Kennedy," Rob Lowe stars as John F. Kennedy Jr., alongside  Ginnifer Goodwin , who plays his wife, Jackie - and now we have our first peek at what the actors look like in their roles! The ', 'know you\'re going to be best friends." Everyone in your cast is dating each other: Sebastian and Jennifer,  Ginnifer Goodwin  and Josh Dallas...! You can\'t choose who you fall in love with and it just so happened it worked out that way ', 'after the days of the week and give them each a color association. This TV movie remake is odd, to say the least.  Ginnifer Goodwin  in Once Upon a Time (2011) Although Once Upon a Time incorporates the retellings of various fairy tales, Snow ', 'Diaries Paul Wesley, The Vampire Diaries Choice TV Actress: Fantasy/Sci-Fi Nina Dobrev, The Vampire Diaries  Ginnifer Goodwin , Once Upon a Time Kat Graham, The Vampire Diaries Anna Paquin, True Blood Anna Torv, Fringe Choice TV Show ', 'William and Kate Take L.A.: What Is It About the Royal Couple That Fascinates Even Hollywood?', 'dinner at L.A.\'s Belasco Theatre. Other bold-faced names reported by E! Online include Kristin Chenoweth,  Ginnifer Goodwin , Dana Delany and Derek Hough from "Dancing with the Stars." Prince William (who\'s also the president of BAFTA ', 'and Jack Black are expected to attend. Other bold-faced names reported by E! Online include Kristin Chenoweth,  Ginnifer Goodwin , Dana Delany and Derek Hough from "Dancing with the Stars." Prince William (who\'s also the president of BAFTA ', 'and Jack Black are expected to attend. Other bold-faced names reported by E! Online include Kristin Chenoweth,  Ginnifer Goodwin , Dana Delany and Derek Hough from "Dancing with the Stars." Prince William (who\'s also the president of BAFTA ']