["movie is not out of the question, at least according to the show's two stars. Both David Duchovny, 52, and  Gillian Anderson , 44, said they were open to the idea of another movie when they took the stage Thursday for a 20th anniversary ", 'Chris Carter was cool to the proposition of a third "X-Files" film, but series stars David Duchovny and  Gillian Anderson  were decidedly more amenable. Whether the truth is out there about any third film in the big-screen franchise ', 'Gillian Anderson , the actress best known for playing agent Dana Scully on The X-Files it came, on some level, from knowing that I still liked boys."  Gillian Anderson  will star as Miss Havisham in an upcoming adaptation of Charles Dickens ', 'seems to have evaporated. David Duchovny is still engagingly low-key as the truth-seeking Fox Mulder, while  Gillian Anderson  as Dana Scully seems to have become even more dour. Grounded in science, her doctor character was always serious ', 'and Scully are back in "The X-files: I Want to Believe." David Duchovny felt a little strange joining up with  Gillian Anderson  in a new paranormal thriller. But, one thing hasn\'t changed, David admits he still believe in aliens. He told ', 'anywhere in the body at any time. Other doodles being auctioned include those offered by actress and NF Inc spokeswoman  Gillian Anderson  ( LINK ), Cindy Crawford ( LINK ), Jay Leno ( LINK ), and the high bid as of Monday afternoon at $610, Donald ', 'the desk of another worker who has decorated his cubicle with a Dana Scully action figure, the character played by  Gillian Anderson  on "The X-Files." "They walk by your cubicle and they turn and they go, \'is that Scully from the \'X-Files ', 'Olympia Dukakis, Susan Sarandon and director Jonathan Demme. The X Factor Other names included former X-Files stars  Gillian Anderson  and David Duchovny; The West Wing cast members Sheen, Janel Moloney, Bradley Whitford and Lily Tomlin; CSI ', 'thong thing." It\'s no joke. Celebrities across the board have been seen airing their undies, including actress  Gillian Anderson , MTV\'S Molly Sims, model Kate Moss, and Britney Spears. But just because the stars are celebrating thong-adorned ', 'Packs the punch of a dilapidated Yorkshire pudding." Cameron Diaz (No. 9): "Chaos in heels, period!"  Gillian Anderson  (No. 10): "A grunge plunge resembling an escape from a Bohemian barbecue." ABCNEWS\' Buck Wolf contributed ', 'of Special Agent Monica Reyes (Annabeth Gish), according to The Hollywood Reporter. He joins series regulars  Gillian Anderson , who\'s been on the show since its 1993 premiere, and Robert Patrick, who joined the series last year. "It\'s ', 'of Special Agent Monica Reyes (Annabeth Gish), according to The Hollywood Reporter. He joins series regulars  Gillian Anderson , who\'s been on the show since its 1993 premiere, and Robert Patrick, who joined the series last year. "It\'s ', 'of Special Agent Monica Reyes (Annabeth Gish), according to The Hollywood Reporter. He joins series regulars  Gillian Anderson , who\'s been on the show since its 1993 premiere, and Robert Patrick, who joined the series last year. "It\'s ', 'X-Files star reflects on iconic TV series and his relationship  Gillian Anderson .', "thirsty. What do you want. It. Yeah okay yeah. And Iowa but what are you don't. Know. There big smiles on  Gillian Anderson  named menu baby feeling. Reasonable enough until the united Felix's older brother tonight is also got. That's ", "And Iowa but what are you don't. Know. There big smiles on Gillian Anderson named menu baby feeling. Reasonable enough until the united Felix's older brother tonight is also got. -- That's right like beyond Koppel. ", "of movie nothing is pronounced now law does Halley Berry's sudden son take a look at the clip. Thanks miles not  Gillian Anderson  today. They need baby feeling. Reasonable enough until the united Felix's older brother is now. He's also ", "Berry's sudden son take a look at the clip. Thanks miles not Gillian Anderson -- today. They need baby feeling. Reasonable enough until the united Felix's older brother is now. He's also got big. And that's ", "works at least some legal issues been pending delaying the making a part GM. But now settled David Duchovny and  Gillian Anderson  once again reprise their roles as Mulder and Scully. I wonder if they'll be investigating in eating chips true ", "delaying the making a part GM. But now settled David Duchovny and Gillian Anderson -- once again reprise their roles as Mulder and Scully. I wonder if they'll be investigating -- in eating chips true story. "]