['met twice." Donning glasses, single-strand pearls and a down-do in a Web video for Funnyordie.com, actress  Gina Gershon  playing Palin "sets the record straight" on rumors about the Republican veep pick. "Like so many of you, I went ', 'met twice." Donning glasses, single-strand pearls and a down-do in a Web video for Funnyordie.com, actress  Gina Gershon  playing Palin "sets the record straight" on rumors about the Republican veep pick. "Like so many of you, I went ', 'impersonators, from lesser-known comedians to actress  Gina Gershon  , have popped up on the Web, and the topic of conversation a down-do in a a Web video for Funnyordie.com,  Gina Gershon  playing Palin "sets the record straight" on rumors ', 'Gina Gershon  insists she did not have relations with that man, and she\'s making Purdum writes that "Clinton has been seen visiting with the actress  Gina Gershon  in California," pegging the news to a "high-end Hollywood dinner-party ', 'attended this weekend was "Kettle of Fish," produced by Michael Mailer and Marc Lazard and starring Matthew Modine and  Gina Gershon . There was little fanfare as I strolled down the Rue d\'Antibes on my way to the small theater on Sunday morning ', "pilot in which she'll play Jessica Sampson, a TV reporter; he has been cast as an aspiring actor-handyman opposite  Gina Gershon  in the comedy pilot Hot Mom), and The Nick & Jessica Variety Hour airs April 11 on ABC. And let's face it, keeping ", 'the opportunity to make a video for "Again," in which he bares his buttocks and finds himself torn between actress  Gina Gershon  and Tommy Hilfiger model Theresa Lourenco. After splitting with Bonet in 1991 the couple has an 11-year-old daughter ', 'the opportunity to make a video for "Again," in which he bares his buttocks and finds himself torn between actress  Gina Gershon  and Tommy Hilfiger model Theresa Lourenco. After splitting with Bonet in 1991 the couple has an 11-year-old daughter ', 'the opportunity to make a video for "Again," in which he bares his buttocks and finds himself torn between actress  Gina Gershon  and Tommy Hilfiger model Theresa Lourenco. After splitting with Bonet in 1991 the couple has an 11-year-old daughter ', 'the opportunity to make a video for "Again," in which he bares his buttocks and finds himself torn between actress  Gina Gershon  and Tommy Hilfiger model Theresa Lourenco. After splitting with Bonet in 1991 the couple has an 11-year-old daughter ', 'the opportunity to make a video for "Again," in which he bares his buttocks and finds himself torn between actress  Gina Gershon  and Tommy Hilfiger model Theresa Lourenco. After splitting with Bonet in 1991 the couple has an 11-year-old daughter ', 'the opportunity to make a video for "Again," in which he bares his buttocks and finds himself torn between actress  Gina Gershon  and Tommy Hilfiger model Theresa Lourenco. After splitting with Bonet in 1991 the couple has an 11-year-old daughter ', 'today urged the Senate to pass the Stem Cell Research Act of 2000. Flanked by fellow actors Mary Tyler-Moore,  Gina Gershon  and Michael J. Fox, she expressed the urgency of the situation and the importance of stem cell research to her and ', "it was -- do you have a book about a snake? If so, don't read the title. That could be the followup. We're glad you made it. And we hope the best for your cat. It's  gina gershon . There's a place where thesky is always blue", "you made it. And we hope the best for your cat. It's gina gershon . There's a place where thesky is always blue ", 'next guest is the star of the decidedly dark comedy opening this weekend, "killer joe." Please welcome the killer  gina gershon . Hi. How are you? To see you. Hi. Hello. We match. This is nice. We can go to prom. I feel like we should switch ', 'decidedly dark comedy opening this weekend, "killer joe." Please welcome the killer gina gershon . Hi. How are you? To see you. Hi. Hello. We match. This is nice. We can go to prom. I feel like ', "We turn now to the multi talented actress singer and writer guard she's here to tells about her latest project among the many things you've got going on. Show to talk about everything she ever wanted a lifetime movie Gina thanks so much for being with us today. Thank you for having me so can you", 'again. You where v a great weekend. Will you bring us back some mariah news from your charity event? Oh, my goodness, her and everybody else. Jill and carlos, everybody. Coming up next,  gina gershon  live, steaming things up here.', 'goodness, her and everybody else. Jill and carlos, everybody. Coming up next, gina gershon live, steaming things up here. ']