['that sent the crew rushing to his aid. The actor was doing his own stunt, galloping on the horse alongside co-star  Armie Hammer , who plays the title character in the Disney film (The Walt Disney Co. owns ABC News). Depp gallops, then slowly ', "adventures and a way to save her deceased father's kingdom from a corrupt leader. It's a charming remake (especially  Armie Hammer  as the Prince) and a suitable companion to Disney's 1937 version. Kristen Stewart in Snow White and the Huntsman ", 'director Gore Verbinski gave fans a taste of hStars s latest collaboration with Johnny Depp, "The Lone Ranger" with  Armie Hammer ; the cast of "The Twilight Saga: Breaking Dawn - Part 2? talked to reporters and Twihards alike; and original Spider-Man ', "shambles. So, where's the prince? On her way back to the castle, Snow stumbles upon a shirtless Prince Alcott ( Armie Hammer ), hanging upside down after being attacked by seven dwarves, who are pretty much bandits. Snow cuts down the prince ", 'Jan Thijs/Relativity Media  Armie Hammer  had Julia Roberts licked on the set of their new Snow White film, "Mirror Mirror," which opens Friday. In one scene, "The ', 'My version of the evil queen is just a lunatic, which is fun," she said. Lilly Collins plays Snow White, and  Armie Hammer  portrays Prince Charming, in the film directed by Tarsem Singh. Roberts said Hammer is truly charming. "He\'s six-foot ', 'Male Actor in a Supporting Role KENNETH BRANAGH / Sir Laurence Olivier - MY WEEK WITH MARILYN (The Weinstein Company)  ARMIE HAMMER  / Clyde Tolson - J. EDGAR (Warner Bros. Pictures) JONAH HILL / Peter Brand - MONEYBALL (Columbia Pictures) NICK ', 'homosexual? Eastwood admits the relationship between Hoover, played by Leonardo DiCaprio, and Clyde Tolson, played by  Armie Hammer , is ambiguous. "He was a man of mystery," he told ABC\'s "Good Morning America" last week. "He might have ', "Stars of 'The Social Network' Talk About Mark Zuckerberg, Facebook and Their Film", 'press conference and junket. So there they were: cast members Justin Timberlake , Jesse Eisenberg , Andrew Garfield,  Armie Hammer , and screenwriter Aaron Sorkin sat below oversized portraits of university dignitaries and sipped Starbucks coffee ', 'to be huge, as well. As he brings back the masked man "the lone ranger" with a little help from johnny depp and  armie hammer . Let\'s look at our heroes in action. Going somewhere? Yes. No. Yes. No. Yes. No. Yes. That\'s terrific ', 'man "the lone ranger" with a little help from johnny depp and armie hammer . Let\'s look at our heroes in action. Going somewhere? Yes. No. Yes. No. Yes. No. Yes. That\'s terrific. A train ride not ', 'of "the lone ranger" himself,  armie hammer  who is with us to tell us about Shut up! Yes. And here he is,  armie hammer , the lone ranger. Thank you so ranger" rides again. Thanks to  armie hammer  and johnny depp. It opens in theaters ', 'in our audience? All of them. Fans of "the lone ranger" himself, armie hammer who is with us to tell us about taking on this iconic role. First let\'s take a look at one of the ', "No we're not. No. Yes. Shut up! Yes. And here he is, armie hammer , the lone ranger. Thank you so much for being here. Thanks for having me. I saw it last night with the family ", 'is so fun, congratulations. Everybody, "the lone ranger" rides again. Thanks to armie hammer and johnny depp. It opens in theaters nationwide on july 3rd and thank you so much for being with us. ', 'he was proud and the indian nation would be the first to see the movie and we are thrilled to tell you his co-star  armie hammer  who plays the lone ranger is joining us this morning in our next half hour live on "gma." So stay tuned for that ', 'see the movie and we are thrilled to tell you his co-star armie hammer who plays the lone ranger is joining us this morning in our next half hour live on "gma." So stay tuned for ', "I have to bring up that your great great grandfather is great great great. Which is great just great to greats just. He was great great parties agree did you didn't patted on the head LA go into acting Upgrades aren't you would if you would have had a heart attack I'm sure you're not going to do", "Fifth. Don't get a And walked back. But real life we don't from you pulled away. And perjured yourself Edgar and the lives and easily won if you continue to pursue there's no telling of course Behind each and cease to be demoted immediately but fought. Firing until John drew to would be a PR", "As we come to the end of every that I do here including with mr. I was asked the same question I ask people to express themselves in song in music something that means something to them maybe it's a song. Clyde would have To right there if it happened or anything that's actually. Can you okay a"]