['without my knowledge] !" he says. "That\'s fun, and it\'s exciting too, because you\'re less nervous."  Glenn Close , Oscars 2012 "She is iconic, powerful and the most fun to play with in fittings," gushes Posen of his "really ', 'the invisible wounds," he said. Biden said his mother would say the audience was doing "God\'s work." Actors  Glenn Close  and Bradley Cooper were also on hand for the day\'s activities. Biden jokingly scolded Cooper for landing him "great ', 'veterans kill themselves each day, according to Pentagon records. The president is being joined at the conference today by lawmakers, educators, health care providers and advocates, including celebrities  Glenn Close  and Bradley Cooper.', 'The Master" Denzel Washington, "Flight" Best Performance by an Actress in a Drama Connie Britton, "Nashville"  Glenn Close , "Damages" Claire Danes, "Homeland" Julianne Margalies, "The Good Wife" Michelle Dockery, "Downton Abbey" Best ', 'where Cranston doesn\'t win." Lead Actress, Drama: Claire Danes Nominees are: Kathy Bates, "Harry\'s Law";  Glenn Close , "Damages"; Claire Danes, "Homeland"; Michelle Dockery, "Downton Abbey"; Julianna Margulies, "The Good ', 'Abbey" "Game of Thrones" "Homeland" "Mad Men" Best Actress in a Drama Series Kathy Bates, "Harry\'s Law"  Glenn Close , "Damages" Claire Danes, "Homeland" Michelle Dockery, "Downton Abbey" Julianna Margulies, "The Good Wife ', 'characters, Ellen, played by Rose Byrne, appears to have met her end. Considering Ellen and Patty Hewes, played by  Glenn Close , were embroiled in an investigation of high-level corruption at the end of last season, the viewer is left to wonder ', 'as being able to sing," New York casting director David Vaccari told ABCNews.com. "People have said that about  Glenn Close , as well. People in the industry know they can sing. But not everybody in Middle America knows it." They do now ', 'announce that coalition forces had begun the disarmament of Iraq. Famous Birthdays 1848 Wyatt Earp 1933 Philip Roth 1947  Glenn Close  1955 Bruce Willis 1964 Jake Weber 1967 Mary Scheer 1969 Connor Trinneer 1975 Mason Jennings 1976 Rachel Blanchard View ', "property for $8.95 million, Curbed reported . Click here for full coverage of the 2012 Oscars 4.  Glenn Close : 'Albert Nobbs'  Glenn Close  was nominated for her sixth Oscar for her portrayal as Albert Nobbs, a woman posing as a butler to survive ", 'five women vying for the best actress Oscar, but the race comes down to two: Meryl Streep and Viola Davis . Sorry  Glenn Close , Rooney Mara and Michelle Williams, Streep and Davis have been racking up the prizes this awards season, and one ', 'Hilary Swank worked this formula to success with 1999\'s "Boys Don\'t Cry." This time around, best actress hopeful  Glenn Close  has proved that women of an older generation can play that game with "Albert Nobbs." 5. Resurrect a beloved ingenue ', "Streep 2. The Stepford Connection Lead actress nominee  Glenn Close  can be connected to Clooney by two degrees. Close starred Max von Sydow 6. Michelle Williams' Two Degrees Like  Glenn Close , fellow best lead actress nominee Michelle Williams ", 'president called unacceptable. There were some big names in the audience today including Bradley Cooper Oakland and what  Glenn Close  and Patrick Kennedy the president addressed directly during his address. For more on this mental health conference ', "in the audience today including Bradley Cooper Oakland -- and -- what Glenn Close -- and Patrick Kennedy the president addressed directly during his address. For more on this mental health conference go to abcnews.com. I'm ", 'counting down. To the Academy Awards Oscars Sunday is February 26 right here a joining us this morning. wonderful  Glenn Close  nominated for best actress for her brilliant role. As the title character and Albert a story about a lonely woman living ', '26 right here -- a -- joining us this morning. -- wonderful Glenn Close nominated for best actress for her brilliant role. As the title character and Albert -- a story about a lonely woman living ', "Are so pleased to be joined by award winning actress  Glenn Close . She stars in the legal drama damages which wraps up thank you so much for joining us today you're welcome.  Glenn Close  and of course you can check out this season finale ", 'Are so pleased to be joined by -- award winning actress Glenn Close . She stars in the -- legal drama damages which wraps up after a successful season Tuesday night -- thank you so much ', "want to thank you so much for joining us today you're welcome. Glenn Close and of course you can check out this season finale. But damages on Tuesday October 23. ", "you to the amazing makeup artists. Who transformed.  Glenn Close  into a man and Albert if you haven't seen that movie Out that. latest feat is remarkable transformation of  Glenn Close  a man for the film's Albert which is earned him an ", "morning -- -- introducing you to the amazing makeup artists. Who transformed. Glenn Close into a man and Albert -- if you haven't seen that movie you really need to. Oscar nominee Mathieu my uncle art ", "of wicked turn. Out that. -- latest feat is remarkable transformation of Glenn Close -- a man for the film's Albert -- which is earned him an Oscar nomination based -- unrelated. I loved doing settlement ", "like a woman scorned but they clearly haven't met the man you're about to. He get a bag of tricks that could give  Glenn Close  in fatal attraction to run for her money authorities say he had his own weapons and the Internet. And a sex tape his ", "you're about to. He get a bag of tricks that could give Glenn Close in fatal attraction to run for her money authorities say he had his own weapons and -- -- the Internet. And a ", "a woman scorned, but they clearly haven't met the man you're about to. He has a bag of tricks that could give  glenn close  a run for her money. Authorities say he had his own weapons, an iphone, the internet and a sex cape his ex-boyfriend ", "you're about to. He has a bag of tricks that could give glenn close a run for her money. Authorities say he had his own weapons, an iphone, the internet and a sex cape his ex-boyfriend ", "awards show. But here's our list of the real winners for behavior during the loans in the confusing Sarah. John  Glenn Close  National audience participation and that you can do you you get out. Tommy Jones may locked inside but most emotional ", 'real winners for behavior during the loans in the confusing Sarah. John Glenn Close -- National audience participation and -- that you can do you you get out. -- -- -- -- -- -- Tommy -- ']