['woman the family called "Patty" gave birth to a son, who is now 14. "Joe Kennedy could [sleep with actress]  Gloria Swanson , but he couldn\'t bring it home or insult or defile Rose Kennedy," he said. "You might say Arnold Schwarzenegger ', 'women. Even as he was being hailed as "the moral savior of Hollywood," Leamer says, he was living out there with  Gloria Swanson  and once even brought her to dinner with Rose. "That wasn\'t hypocrisy, that was just a man\'s life. The way of ', 'women. Even as he was being hailed as "the moral savior of Hollywood," Leamer says, he was living out there with  Gloria Swanson  and once even brought her to dinner with Rose. "That wasn\'t hypocrisy, that was just a man\'s life. The way of ', 'so too does the academy. After an almost 20-year-long absence from the movie industry, Depression-era star  Gloria Swanson  burst back onto the scene and scored a best actress nomination with her role in 1950\'s "Sunset Boulevard." Mickey ', 'adorned with koi pond, sand gardens and antique Japanese lanterns include generations of Hollywood greats (from  Gloria Swanson  to Barbra Streisand), business bigwigs (auto magnate Lee Iacocca and Vegas kingpin Steve Wynn) and media headliners ', 'Hollywood celebrities arrived in the early 1930s with stars such as Barbara Stanwyck, Clara Bow, Ronald Coleman and  Gloria Swanson . Like Rindge, celebrities prized their privacy, and the colony offered protection from the curious public. Today ', 'mom and he had moved into soon after their marriage. It was a small two bedroom on the beach that once belonged to  Gloria Swanson , who, it was said, had once had an affair with my grandfather. My grandfather had offered to buy them something ', 'Neeson, who appeared onstage to introduce Houston who looked fabulous. The diva then presented Anthony with the  Gloria Swanson  Award for his humanitarian efforts on behalf of the entertainment industry. Houston and the Latin hottie performed ', 'Kennedy was friends with Dietrich during the 1930s and had a well-documented affair with another Hollywood siren,  Gloria Swanson . No Jack, I answered truthfully, I never did, Dietrich said, according to The New Yorker. Well, he said, that ', 'Kennedy was friends with Dietrich during the 1930s and had a well-documented affair with another Hollywood siren,  Gloria Swanson . No Jack, I answered truthfully, I never did, Dietrich said, according to The New Yorker. Well, he said, that ']