['include Michael Douglas and Matt Damon in "Behind the Candelabra"; Al Pacino and Helen Mirren in "Phil Spector";  Holly Hunter  in "Top of the Lake"; Shirley MacLaine in "Downton Abbey," Jeff Daniels in "The Newsroom" and Kevin Bacon in ', 'NASA. Famous Birthdays 1937 Lois Lowry 1950 William Hurt 1954 Louis Sachar 1957 Spike Lee 1957 Theresa Russell 1958  Holly Hunter  1963 Kathy Ireland 1968 A.J. Jacobs 1970 Michael Rapaport 1979 Bianca Lawson 1984 Christy Romano View more videos ', 'The Age of Innocence;" and Emma Thompson for "In the Name of the Father." The fifth actress in the category was  Holly Hunter , who was nominated for her role in "The Firm," and would go on to win best actress for her role opposite Paquin ', "Oscars 2010: Sandra Bullock, Jeff Bridges, Mo'Nique, Christoph Waltz Going for Gold", 'Gwyneth Paltow, took home a Golden Globe and SAG Award on their way to an Oscar win. But just as many, including  Holly Hunter , Whoopi Goldberg, Kathy Bates and Cuba Gooding Jr., received one but not the other. And some -- Jeremy Irons ', 'carry a pregnancy or not." More celebrity women are pushing off that decision until after they turn 40. Some, like  Holly Hunter , who had twin boys at 47, and Geena Davis , whose twin boys were born when she was 48, refuse to divulge how they ', 'while breaking the law. Ex-convict H.I. McDunnough, played by Nicolas Cage, and his wife Edwina, played by  Holly Hunter , desperately want to become parents, but to their dismay she is infertile. So how do they solve this problem? They ', 'Drama Series Glenn Close, "Damages" Sally Field, "Brothers & Sisters" Mariska Hargitay, "Law & Order: SVU"  Holly Hunter , "Saving Grace" Kyra Sedgwick, "The Closer" Elisabeth Moss, "Mad Men" Lead Actor in a Comedy Series Alec Baldwin ', 'powerful, memorable leading parts decline for actresses in films. There\'s Glenn Close on FX drama "Damages,"  Holly Hunter  in TNT\'s "Saving Grace," Sally Field at the center of ABC family drama "Brothers & Sisters" and Mary-Louise ', 'Weir says. He also talks to Merry Miller, a businesswoman whose flub during an ABC News tryout interview with actress  Holly Hunter  "has made her the laughingstock of the news business," Weir says. "She is absolutely devastated and trying to put ', 'a live satellite interview with Academy Award winner  Holly Hunter  about her new TNT show, "Saving Grace." During these somebody like that," Miller said. "I give credit to  Holly Hunter . She was a pro, a class act. She saved the interview ', 'httpswww.communicationsmgr.com/PCS/PublicGUI/QuestionsCustom.aspx?Public_PID=1034&Level=Project&LevelNumber=1034', 'people remember his cameo performance in "Gigli."  Holly Hunter  and Emma Thompson in 1994 Oscar had his first double-double in 1994, when  Holly Hunter  and Emma Thompson faced each other in both the best ', "get a lot of attention for all kinds of reasons and year now called. Palpable directed by Jane Campion and starting.  Holly Hunter  who's here so how I'm going to ask you why you're here send them. While I'm here to support. And you to work ", "-- year now called. Palpable -- directed by Jane Campion and starting. Holly Hunter who's here so how I'm going to ask you why you're here send them. While I'm here to support. -- -- -- ", 'Every question. Is such thing. As the human mind. What is the nature. Human man. Planning calculating. That is the nature of mind. Constant thought recent research tells us that the universe is not infinite. So while woman no way this is and meant programs. What I want to new ways. When you get. To', 'news. I am like the empty headed came from sports I am the I which characters with. William not William. This is  Holly Hunter  the tough as nails scrappy. Angry. Mainly laying UK always the smartest person in the room always. That makes were ', 'I -- -- which characters with. -- William not William. This is Holly Hunter the tough as nails scrappy. Angry. Mainly laying UK always the smartest person in the room -- -- always. That makes were ', "One of Hollywood's most dynamic actresses is here to talk about her newest hit project Academy Award winner  Holly Hunter  television debut last summer with saving. Grace the show a tough and gritty detective named grace who get some help ", 'is here to talk about her newest hit project Academy Award winner Holly Hunter -- -- television debut last summer with saving. Grace the show -- a tough and gritty detective named grace who get some ', "because there are a lot of great teachers out there in america. Yes. and it starred viola davis and maggie gyllenhaal,  holly hunter , and we have like a star-studded cast. Yeah, it is pretty incredible. It's about a parent and teacher who decides ", "there in america. Yes. and it starred viola davis and maggie gyllenhaal, holly hunter , and we have like a star-studded cast. Yeah, it is pretty incredible. It's about a parent and teacher who decides to take ", "doesn't help after all nearly two thirds of the women in the steady. Did not feel better after crying and here's  Holly Hunter  bawling in broadcast news. The next block down and it may end up like it was and can cry. Yeah a lot of heavy mascara ", "women in the steady. Did not feel better after crying and here's Holly Hunter bawling in broadcast news. -- -- The next block down and it may end up -- like it was -- and can "]