["don't throw stones at j. Lo just yet. She's not the first artist to perform for a notorious leaders. In 2011  hilary swank  attended a birthday party for this president known for a slew of issues. She apologized and beyonce, 50 cent, usher ", 'not the first artist to perform for a notorious leaders. In 2011 hilary swank attended a birthday party for this president known for a slew of issues. She apologized and beyonce, 50 cent, usher and mariah ', "get she's thrilled for the success of the show. is also an award winning director of movies like conviction with  Hilary Swank . He recently directed his first episode of scandal and we weren't there to tag on location scouting trips. And she's ", "-- is also an award winning director of movies like conviction with Hilary Swank . He recently directed his first episode of scandal and we weren't there to tag -- on location scouting trips. And she's looking ", "gets she's thrilled for the success of the show. is also an award winning director of movies like conviction with  Hilary Swank . He recently directed his first episode of scandal and we weren't there to tag and location scouting trips. And ", "-- is also an award winning director of movies like conviction with Hilary Swank . He recently directed his first episode of scandal and we weren't there to tag -- and location scouting trips. And she's looking ", "seacrest, it was a last-minute decision. I didn't know what I was wearing until about three hours ago. Reporter:  Hilary swank  is no stranger to the last-minute switch. She reportedly changed her mind before walking the red carpet twice before ", "didn't know what I was wearing until about three hours ago. Reporter: Hilary swank is no stranger to the last-minute switch. She reportedly changed her mind before walking the red carpet twice before. And went on ", "but it wasn't just Brad actually launched the careers of dozens of young stars come to live. Matthew Perry brought  Hilary Swank  and you what do you joking. And of course Leonardo DiCaprio when Yes whom receivers adopted favorite memory. Levinson ", 'of dozens of young stars -- come to live. Matthew Perry brought Hilary Swank -- and you what do you joking. And of course Leonardo DiCaprio when -- Yes whom receivers adopted favorite -- -- memory. ', "mentioned the director. hairdresser my assistants. want to think he academy other films on heart Jeff sharp problem  Hilary Swank  forgot to thank her husband. her ex husband brought this piece of Paper because I knew I couldn't forget anyone ", "think he academy other films on heart Jeff sharp -- -- problem Hilary Swank forgot to thank her husband. -- her ex husband brought this piece of Paper because I knew I couldn't forget anyone. This ", "street. Very short just in case. Janet has been nominated before for her role in the film tumble weeds She lost the  Hilary Swank  who played a girl passing as a boy in Boys Don't Cry. This year among her nominated sister actresses Jenna hopes ", "for her role in the film tumble weeds -- She lost the Hilary Swank who played a girl passing as a boy in Boys Don't Cry. This year among her nominated sister actresses Jenna hopes as ", "welcome addition. Remember Angelina Jolie this is nice to have often the movie to And Uma Thurman in kill bill. Even  Hilary Swank  in Million Dollar Baby. But for now it's Jennifer Lawrence coming out swinging. Inspiring other young women across ", "often the movie to -- And Uma Thurman in kill bill. Even Hilary Swank in Million Dollar Baby. But for now it's Jennifer Lawrence coming out swinging. Inspiring other young women across the country to -- ", 'Now we interview current and  Hilary Swank  the actors bringing this incredible headed for the big screen with  Hilary Swank  as star tonight David Wright in The new movie conviction starring  Hilary Swank  is about her conviction in his ', 'goes on -- extraordinary journey took me. Now we interview current and Hilary Swank the actors bringing this incredible true story to the big screen. -- box -- -- new Google TV -- We have an ', 'His freedom. Now their story is headed for the big screen with Hilary Swank as star tonight David Wright in -- -- the actress. And the real life heroin -- place. -- -- -- -- -- Conviction is the unshakable belief in something without the need for proof or evidence. Countries -- -- -- my life conviction has also what happens when a court of law finds a defendant guilty. The new movie conviction starring Hilary Swank is about -- her conviction in his conviction and then his conviction yeah. Well if not for one on the other would ', 'life hero. Unlike some of the other powerful roles that of one Hilary Swank recognition. In this story the characters she was playing was flesh and blood right there on the set she said it was ', 'headed for the big screen with  Hilary Swank  as star tonight David Wright in The new movie conviction starring  Hilary Swank  is about with her conviction in other powerful roles that of one  Hilary Swank  recognition. In this story the ', 'His freedom. Now their story is headed for the big screen with Hilary Swank as star tonight David Wright in -- -- the actress. And the real life heroin -- place. You can sacrifice Channel -- Conviction is the unshakable belief in something without the need for proof or evidence. Countries in the -- -- -- my life conviction is also what happens when a court of law finds a defendant guilty. The new movie conviction starring Hilary Swank is about -- with her conviction in his conviction and then his conviction. If not for one on the other would still ', 'life -- Unlike some of the other powerful roles that of one Hilary Swank recognition. In this story the characters she was playing was flesh and blood right there on the set she said it was ', "and and you are but your only seventeen. only seventeen because you've worked at some major. besides Helen Hunt  Hilary Swank . Charlie's Melissa Diane Lane all Oscar winners by the way. Was there when read that stick stuck out for you working ", "only seventeen because you've worked at some major. -- besides Helen Hunt Hilary Swank . Charlie's -- Melissa -- Diane Lane all Oscar winners by the way. Was there when -- read that stick stuck out for ", "If you do. Three and a half out of five and I really have to say three is just has the story itself was so amazing  Hilary Swank  Sam Rockwell are both acts the problem is it goes to the personal and the legal too many times. There's a lot of ", "to say three is just has the story itself was so amazing Hilary Swank Sam Rockwell are both acts -- the problem is it goes to the personal and the legal too many times. There's a ", 'family member. Is very clear that the public wants the real answer to this mystery. In the 2009 trail of a million by  Hilary Swank  it ends like this. running on. And so We hear you we hear you. Are you receiving us. If the bone fragments or from ', 'to this mystery. In the 2009 -- trail of a million by Hilary Swank it ends like this. -- running on. And so -- We hear you we hear you. Are you receiving us. If the ', "that He was saying it wasn't it There's a bunch of women who won best actress and they split with their husbands  Hilary Swank  won in 2000 and in 2005 that would I do. Robert C that I'm just saying Julia Roberts won in 2001 gossip crap we got ", "of women who won best actress and they split with their husbands Hilary Swank won in 2000 and in 2005 -- that would -- -- -- -- I do. Robert C that I'm just saying Julia ", 'now joins a long list of best actress winners whose love crashed after taking home the Oscar. From Kate Winslet to  Hilary Swank  Charlize there and in more. The Hollywood ending has been big split. The Good Morning America Brian Rooney ABC news', 'love -- crashed after taking home the Oscar. From Kate Winslet to Hilary Swank Charlize there and in more. The Hollywood ending has been big split. The Good Morning America Brian Rooney ABC news -- ', "Our next guest is so talented she had not one but two Oscars by the age of thirty imagine that while  Hilary Swank  may be known for playing. Tough for girls in tomboy she's showing a softer your side as a recovering widow in the date movies ", "but two Oscars by the age of thirty imagine that -- while Hilary Swank may be known for playing. Tough for girls in tomboy she's showing a softer -- your side as a recovering widow in ", "Hanks. And have to an Jonah Hill. Johnson Iraq Nicole Kidman James McNamee Queen Latifah Seth Rogen one's says He.  Hilary Swank  John Travolta. Denzel Washington and Renee Zellweger this is George knock you reporting.", "Nicole Kidman James McNamee Queen Latifah Seth Rogen one's -- says He. Hilary Swank John Travolta. Denzel Washington and Renee Zellweger this is George knock you reporting. ", "which has done you have to be. To be scared. Well  Hilary Swank  is seeking a logical reason to explain the plagues. I'm seeking the logical reason why  Hilary Swank  who's who won two Oscars made this movie. It was ", "which has done -- you have to be. To be scared. Well Hilary Swank is seeking a logical reason to explain the plagues. I'm seeking the logical reason why Hilary Swank who's who won two Oscars made this movie. It was signing with your name on any contract anybody puts in front of ", "downhill it with with that. Sorry about that Adam it happened with Julia Roberts it happened with Halley it happened with  Hilary Swank  I you have these very seemingly relationships. One person is doing much the other person isn't. It can be an issue ", "happened with Julia Roberts it happened with Halley -- it happened with Hilary Swank I -- you have these very seemingly -- relationships. One person is doing much -- the other person isn't. It can be "]