['The president on the mental illness stigma and how it can keep people from getting help they need.', 'counting down. To the Academy Awards Oscars Sunday is February 26 right here a joining us this morning. wonderful  Glenn Close  nominated for best actress for her brilliant role. As the title character and Albert a story about a lonely woman living ', '26 right here -- a -- joining us this morning. -- wonderful Glenn Close nominated for best actress for her brilliant role. As the title character and Albert -- a story about a lonely woman living ', "Are so pleased to be joined by award winning actress  Glenn Close . She stars in the legal drama damages which wraps up thank you so much for joining us today you're welcome.  Glenn Close  and of course you can check out this season finale ", 'Are so pleased to be joined by -- award winning actress Glenn Close . She stars in the -- legal drama damages which wraps up after a successful season Tuesday night -- thank you so much ', "want to thank you so much for joining us today you're welcome. Glenn Close and of course you can check out this season finale. But damages on Tuesday October 23. ", "you to the amazing makeup artists. Who transformed.  Glenn Close  into a man and Albert if you haven't seen that movie Out that. latest feat is remarkable transformation of  Glenn Close  a man for the film's Albert which is earned him an ", "morning -- -- introducing you to the amazing makeup artists. Who transformed. Glenn Close into a man and Albert -- if you haven't seen that movie you really need to. Oscar nominee Mathieu my uncle art ", "of wicked turn. Out that. -- latest feat is remarkable transformation of Glenn Close -- a man for the film's Albert -- which is earned him an Oscar nomination based -- unrelated. I loved doing settlement ", "like a woman scorned but they clearly haven't met the man you're about to. He get a bag of tricks that could give  Glenn Close  in fatal attraction to run for her money authorities say he had his own weapons and the Internet. And a sex tape his ", "you're about to. He get a bag of tricks that could give Glenn Close in fatal attraction to run for her money authorities say he had his own weapons and -- -- the Internet. And a ", "a woman scorned, but they clearly haven't met the man you're about to. He has a bag of tricks that could give  glenn close  a run for her money. Authorities say he had his own weapons, an iphone, the internet and a sex cape his ex-boyfriend ", "you're about to. He has a bag of tricks that could give glenn close a run for her money. Authorities say he had his own weapons, an iphone, the internet and a sex cape his ex-boyfriend ", "awards show. But here's our list of the real winners for behavior during the loans in the confusing Sarah. John  Glenn Close  National audience participation and that you can do you you get out. Tommy Jones may locked inside but most emotional ", 'real winners for behavior during the loans in the confusing Sarah. John Glenn Close -- National audience participation and -- that you can do you you get out. -- -- -- -- -- -- Tommy -- ', "than she is. She's a young, beautiful woman. Yeah, she say young beautiful woman. It felt a little too much.  Glenn close . It's very hard to wear on camera because it makes you look larger. It's very busy, and she's gorgeous. But ", "Yeah, she say young beautiful woman. It felt a little too much. Glenn close . It's very hard to wear on camera because it makes you look larger. It's very busy, and she's gorgeous. But that dress ", "Really though. An yes very lucky. In. The this. Person. Last time I checked we're in my office. Salute you and  Glenn Close  on the set do you try to get your actors or. We can't act can't you be going to grow I don't think I don't ", "Person. Last time I checked we're in my office. Salute you and Glenn Close on the set do you try to get your actors or. We can't act can't you be going to grow I don't ", "they're the real one the real fight battle is between Meryl Streep. Playing more for. Action in the iron lady and  Glenn Close  to the movies that's very small it's called Alfred That movie is takes place in another century and good coach is ", "between Meryl Streep. Playing more for. Action in the iron lady and Glenn Close to the movies that's very small it's called Alfred -- That movie is takes place in another century and good coach is ", "fatal attraction. Fatal attraction was great we got  Glenn Close  and Michael Douglas together. They are they're neighbors she loves. You know she loves her in her kitchen and  Glenn Close  has that night. Did she win after and with in the final ", "amongst the cast of fatal attraction. Fatal attraction was great we got Glenn Close and Michael Douglas together. They are they're neighbors up in Westchester they've -- we shot them -- closest house how cool and both of them are so funny and they really get the joke I mean it's it's a great movie but they pose with a white rabbit. And ages they've really love each other and He was just a few months out out of cancer treatment and He was in great spirits and He would tell her dirty jokes and she loves. You know she loves her in her kitchen and Glenn Close has that night. Did she win after and -- with in the final scene where she had she had it mounted and ", "actress categories which are really are our big enormously impressive all the way around. Actress drama we've got  Glenn Close  for Albert you haven't seen that movie put well. This plays a man Viola Davis for the help she was tremendous as ", "our big enormously impressive all the way around. Actress drama we've got Glenn Close for Albert -- you haven't seen that movie -- put -- well. This plays a man Viola Davis for the help she ", "Homeland. And mad men. Finally. The nominees for lead actress in a drama series are -- kathy bates, harry's law.  Glenn close , damages. Claire danes, homeland. Michelle dockery, downton abbey. Julianna margulies, the good wife. And elizabeth ", "lead actress in a drama series are -- kathy bates, harry's law. Glenn close , damages. Claire danes, homeland. Michelle dockery, downton abbey. Julianna margulies, the good wife. And elizabeth moss, mad men. For lead actor in ", "gonna say Clooney wins. But this could be. We'll. Yeah are okay. All right. Best actress what the nominees here.  Glenn Close  and Albert Viola Davis in the help. Rooney Mara and girl with the dragon tattoo. Merrill street in the iron lady and ", 'Yeah are okay. All right. Best actress what -- the nominees here. Glenn Close and Albert -- Viola Davis in the help. Rooney Mara and girl with the dragon tattoo. Merrill street in the iron lady ', "farewell who's who of Hollywood feeling the church  Glenn Close  John McEnroe. Dan act Croatia Jason Paul just to name all the great things about. Time is very sensitive.  Glenn Close  Larry David Chevy Chase Edward James almost John McEnroe ", "close friends said farewell -- who's who of Hollywood feeling the church Glenn Close John McEnroe. Dan act Croatia -- Jason Paul -- just to name a few we have more now from ABC's -- -- ", '-- all the great things about. Time is very sensitive. -- -- Glenn Close Larry David Chevy Chase Edward James almost John McEnroe Susan Sarandon. And Kennedy luminaries. Half paying respects. But despite the bold face ', "a little with that kind of out there wasn't a lot of color. It was either a lot of women in black and you can see  Glenn Close  and Mila Kunis. And you can see Selma high actually brought her Golden Globes but I'm you have to once you've already ", "was either a lot of women in black and you can see Glenn Close and Mila Kunis. And you can see Selma high actually brought her Golden Globes but I'm you have to -- once you've ", 'A look at some of the new movies and TV shows that our new on dvd and Blu-ray  Glenn Close  the woman posing as a man that she can work as a Butler in the late nineteenth century Ireland. The film is nominated for several ', 'new movies and TV shows that our new on dvd and Blu-ray Glenn Close -- the woman posing as a man that she can work as a Butler in the late nineteenth century Ireland. The film ', "there. Which means 1982. And selfish choice he has to but he hasn't won it. In so long she needs it what would  Glenn Close  to out there who's been nominated five or six times. And has never won but anyway we're supposed to feel sorry ", "he hasn't won it. In so long she needs it what would Glenn Close to -- out there who's been nominated five or six times. And has never won but anyway we're supposed to feel sorry ", "category so it can go either way I mean I'm in the of wolves Meryl Streep. You know. Rooney Mara Michelle Williams.  Glenn Close  I can't even. For in my mind it could go there on the 46 year old woman had been doing this for 23 years. I've ", "the -- of wolves Meryl Streep. You know. Rooney Mara Michelle Williams. Glenn Close I can't even. For in my mind -- it could go there on the 46 year old woman had been doing this "]