["attracted some high-profile advocates. Perhaps the highest-profile children's meditation advocate is actress  Goldie Hawn , whose MindUp program has shown more than 150,000 children worldwide how to find their brain's happy place ", 'legal part that is important, it\'s what it means to the family." That\'s because Hudson is the daughter of actress  Goldie Hawn  and her ex-husband Bill Hudson, but was raised by her mother and Hawn\'s partner of 30 years, actor Kurt Russell ', 'It pays to be related to the stars. Michael Jackson\'s 16 year-old-son Prince is following in his father\'s Hollywood footprints and is working in the entertainment industry. Prince Jackson has landed a gig as special correspondent for "Entertainment Tonight." "I\'m looking to become well-rounded as a', "Vivienne Jolie-Pitt's Acting Debut, Plus 7 More Celeb Kids Mimicking Their Parents", 'It pays to star in an Angelina Jolie movie. Just ask her 4-year-old daughter, Vivienne Jolie-Pitt. It was announced last year that Vivienne -- one of six kids Jolie has with her fiance Brad Pitt -- will appear in her mom\'s Disney film "Maleficent," which tells the story of Sleeping Beauty from the', 'sandwiched between two Screen Actors Guild awards. "They stand on either side," he said. "So they have security."  Goldie Hawn  Hawn won her Oscar for best supporting actress for her first film, 1969\'s "Cactus Flower." But instead of displaying ', "David Beckham's son Romeo is following in his famous dad's footsteps, and we're not talking about the soccer field. Romeo, who turns 11 in January, is the star of Burberry's Spring/Summer 2013 ad campaign. Rocking a kids' trench coat and a big grin, he looks like a natural in front of the camera.", 'With Tom Cruise and Nicole Kidman as parents, one would think Connor Cruise would follow in their footsteps to become an award-winning actor. But Cruise has music in his future. The 17-year-old deejayed on "Live with Kelly and Michael" Monday, playing music for the audience and the hosts during', 'of R&B singer Robin Thicke. Actor Martin Sheen is the father of actors Charlie Sheen and Emilio Estevez. Actress  Goldie Hawn  is the mother of actress Kate Hudson. Actress Demi Moore and her ex-husband, actor Bruce Willis, are the parents ', "smaller and anchored by famous Sunset Boulevard, it's home to Tinsel Town names like Matt Damon, Steven Spielberg,  Goldie Hawn , Bill Cosby and Arnold Schwarzenegger. And special local attractions abound, from the original Getty Villa, the peaceful ", "there are many films - like 'Ghostbusters' - that I turned down...The first one I did was 'Foul Play' with  Goldie Hawn , but I turned down 'Animal House' - I turned that down. So all those I regret only because they made huge amounts ", 'the third season of Showtime\'s "Californication."  Goldie Hawn  and Kate Hudson Often arm-in-arm on the red carpet (and at the bar -- Goldie can party ),  Goldie Hawn  and Kate Hudson seem more like girlfriends than mother ', 'the third season of Showtime\'s "Californication."  Goldie Hawn  and Kate Hudson Often arm-in-arm on the red carpet (and at the bar -- Goldie can party ),  Goldie Hawn  and Kate Hudson seem more like girlfriends than mother ', 'Tom Hanks\' son is following the actor\'s path to stardom, though he\'s taking a decidedly different route from the "Forrest Gump" star. He\'s changed his name, and he\'s rapping. Chester Hanks, known by the stage name Chet Haze, has slowly been building a rapping career. First, he put out "White and', "Well here's a shocking fact according to UNICEF American kids are among the least happy kids in the world. There are plenty of reasons but few solutions and one iconic Academy Award winning actress. Who says a couple of minutes every day can make a huge difference. Billy known for her sunny", 'time that brown will try to make a go of it. BACK IN THE \'80s, THEY TINKERED With the idea, with chevy chase and  goldie hawn . It never happened. Makes me want to go out and get the books for my kids. And finally in "pop news" on this wonderful ', 'IN THE \'80s, THEY TINKERED With the idea, with chevy chase and goldie hawn . It never happened. Makes me want to go out and get the books for my kids. And finally in "pop news" on ', "terms it's the revenge of the 40-year-old actresses. IS 40 THE NEW 20s HERE'S ABC'S Rachel smith. Reporter:  Goldie hawn  pointed out -- they're are only three ages in hollywood, babe, district attorney and driving misdaisy. Reporter ", "40-year-old actresses. IS 40 THE NEW 20s HERE'S ABC'S Rachel smith. Reporter: Goldie hawn pointed out -- they're are only three ages in hollywood, babe, district attorney and driving misdaisy. Reporter: Turning 40 used to mean ", 'this, she was rubbing my feet. Just, going -- only she could get me to do that at that time. I know your mom,  goldie hawn , has given you great advice on that. But you want to have a little fun. I do. Give us the first thing that comes ', 'get me to do that at that time. I know your mom, goldie hawn , has given you great advice on that. But you want to have a little fun. I do. Give us the first thing ', "beauty or even talent doesn't fall far from the tree. Take these famous parents and their now-famous offspring.  Goldie hawn  and kate hudson. Martin sheen and his two sons. And this oscar-winning father/daughter duo. Even though anja ", 'far from the tree. Take these famous parents and their now-famous offspring. Goldie hawn and kate hudson. Martin sheen and his two sons. And this oscar-winning father/daughter duo. Even though anja is ready for her close-up, ']