['their reaction. Or, he would see a cute girl and give her one and say, "Oh, hear you go." One huge fan was singer  Grace Jones , who was ecstatic after the former grocery worker gave her a latte in her likeness. "I got to meet her and we hung ', "Aspiring Pop Star 'Black Madam' Wanted for Questioning in Fatal Butt Injection Case", 'attention to detail was amazing," Graham said. The aspiring pop star, who lists her influences as Michael Jackson and  Grace Jones , spent 13 hours on the first day of her shoot. Her second day of shooting was 18 hours long, Graham said. "It was ', 'care less. "I could go on and on about all of the people I have been compared to," she said, "from Madonna to  Grace Jones  to Debbie Harry to Elton John to Marilyn Manson to Yoko Ono -- but at a certain point you have to realize that what ', "I feel like she understands that a great deal. I just enjoy watching her. She takes me back a lot of times to the  Grace Jones  days. Where it's -- I don't mean this in a bad way at all -- it's over the top but it's over the top fun ", 'Roger Moore as James Bond, Tanya Roberts as the Bond Girl and Christopher Walken as the villain, Max Zorin, with  Grace Jones  as henchwoman May Day. In A View to a Kill, James Bond is faced up against a mad industrialist who plans to destroy ', 'Russia With Love) and Mie Hama (Kissy Suzuki in 1967\'s You Only Live Twice), or a "bad" Bond girl, as played by  Grace Jones  (May Day in 1985\'s A View to a Kill) and Famke Janssen (Xenia Onatopp in 1995\'s GoldenEye). The paper reported ', 'Russia With Love) and Mie Hama (Kissy Suzuki in 1967\'s You Only Live Twice), or a "bad" Bond girl, as played by  Grace Jones  (May Day in 1985\'s A View to a Kill) and Famke Janssen (Xenia Onatopp in 1995\'s GoldenEye). The paper reported ', 'From Russia With Love) and Mie Hama (Kissy Suzuki in You Only Live Twice), or a "bad" Bond girl, as played by  Grace Jones  (May Day in 1985\'s A View to a Kill) and Famke Janssen (Xenia Onatopp in 1995\'s GoldenEye). The paper reported ', 'Russia With Love) and Mie Hama (Kissy Suzuki in 1967\'s You Only Live Twice), or a "bad" Bond girl, as played by  Grace Jones  (May Day in 1985\'s A View to a Kill) and Famke Janssen (Xenia Onatopp in 1995\'s GoldenEye). The paper reported ', 'From Russia With Love) and Mie Hama (Kissy Suzuki in You Only Live Twice), or a "bad" Bond girl, as played by  Grace Jones  (May Day in 1985\'s A View to a Kill) and Famke Janssen (Xenia Onatopp in 1995\'s GoldenEye). The paper reported ', 'Russia With Love) and Mie Hama (Kissy Suzuki in 1967\'s You Only Live Twice), or a "bad" Bond girl, as played by  Grace Jones  (May Day in 1985\'s A View to a Kill) and Famke Janssen (Xenia Onatopp in 1995\'s GoldenEye). The paper reported ', 'From Russia With Love) and Mie Hama (Kissy Suzuki in You Only Live Twice), or a "bad" Bond girl, as played by  Grace Jones  (May Day in 1985\'s A View to a Kill) and Famke Janssen (Xenia Onatopp in 1995\'s GoldenEye). The paper reported ', 'Russia With Love) and Mie Hama (Kissy Suzuki in 1967\'s You Only Live Twice), or a "bad" Bond girl, as played by  Grace Jones  (May Day in 1985\'s A View to a Kill) and Famke Janssen (Xenia Onatopp in 1995\'s GoldenEye). The paper reported ', "the dress wouldn't be as easy. I wouldn't see -- -- something Grace Jones leave with very angular. Coming off the shelves how opening in line beyond. Turns out my entourage was rather outspoken. Definitely don't ", "and I did a lot of that in things. And her pop of the moment lady got. She takes me back a lot of times to that the  Grace Jones  stays where it's. It's and I don't mean this in the it on its over the top it is over the top find it's it's ", "got. She takes me back a lot of times to that the Grace Jones stays where it's. It's and I don't mean this in the -- it on its over the top it is over the ", "they've raised 25 million dollars people trust us. We've been around a long time great causes some great music as well  Grace Jones  reports. We have the latest of somebody people to get their money's worth. Think it was an enormous amount of money ", "around a long time great causes -- some great music as well Grace Jones reports. We have the latest of somebody people -- to get their money's worth. Think it was an enormous amount of money ", 'ends does the trends that always filter down to other people you know I think of the punks in the seventies and and  Grace Jones  Annie Lennox says of extreme style that eventually filters down to the main that is that the extension this. And then ', 'you know I think of the punks in the seventies and and Grace Jones Annie Lennox says of extreme style that eventually filters down to the main -- that is that the extension this. And then ']