['of America and changed the way movies were made in Hollywood. I was blessed by his passion and friendship."  Isabella Rossellini , co-star in "Blue Velvet" (1986): "When I first met Dennis on the set of \'Blue Velvet,\' he had just ', 'astrologer, said. "They\'re incredibly intelligent and adaptable. You don\'t meet too many dumb Geminis."  Isabella Rossellini  , who turns 57 today, has written three books and delved into wildlife activism since her modeling days. The Italian ', 'spirit and relentless pursuit of the unfamiliar.  Isabella Rossellini , his daughter -- her mother was Hollywood icon a great filmmaker or as an artist," explains  Isabella Rossellini . "He said, \'Anybody, if you have something ', 'genetic mix a surefire recipe for stardom? There are glowing examples of successes, like the beautifully talented  Isabella Rossellini , whose sum parts come from Italian filmmaker Roberto Rossellini and actress Ingrid Bergman. Kate Hudson boasts ', "After five decades in the limelight,  Isabella Rossellini  isn't done. The daughter of Ingrid Bergman, the legendary Swedish actress, Rossellini turns 54 next month. More than 10 years ", 'popular culture and become acceptable; it also is now considered chic. High-profile moms like Angelina Jolie,  Isabella Rossellini , Wendy Wasserstein, Camryn Manheim, and Diane Keaton are parenting sons and daughters without husbands, and ', 'speaks at Michigan State University, East Lansing, MI 7:30 pm: Gloria Steinem, Marisa Tomei, Eve Ensler,  Isabella Rossellini , and others host "V is for Vote; Chicks Rock" concert sponsored by MoveOn.org and Rock the Vote at the Apollo ', 'speaks at Michigan State University, East Lansing, MI 7:30 pm: Gloria Steinem, Marisa Tomei, Eve Ensler,  Isabella Rossellini , and others host "V is for Vote; Chicks Rock" concert sponsored by MoveOn.org and Rock the Vote at the Apollo ', 'was no easy task. Reege spent months on the air with a revolving door of co-hosts, including Gloria Estefan,  Isabella Rossellini , and Cybill Shepherd. The job went to Ripa, who also stars on the ABC soap opera All My Children, last February ', 'was no easy task. Reege spent months on the air with a revolving door of co-hosts, including Gloria Estefan,  Isabella Rossellini , and Cybill Shepherd. The job went to Ripa, who also stars on the ABC soap opera All My Children, last February ', 'was no easy task. Reege spent months on the air with a revolving door of co-hosts, including Gloria Estefan,  Isabella Rossellini , and Cybill Shepherd. The job went to Ripa, who also stars on the ABC soap opera All My Children, last February ', 'was no easy task. Reege spent months on the air with a revolving door of co-hosts, including Gloria Estefan,  Isabella Rossellini , and Cybill Shepherd. The job went to Ripa, who also stars on the ABC soap opera All My Children, last February ', 'was no easy task. Reege spent months on the air with a revolving door of co-hosts, including Gloria Estefan,  Isabella Rossellini , and Cybill Shepherd. The job went to Ripa, who also stars on the ABC soap opera All My Children, last February ', "actress famous for her exotic beauty. But now  Isabella Rossellini  is doing something truly exotic. In a new series Green and ears they're happy to be by the great  Isabella Rossellini  applied. Joining and very convenient so first ", "a model and actress famous for her exotic beauty. But now -- Isabella Rossellini is doing something truly exotic. In a new series of short films for the Sundance Channel. She's -- acting mating rituals of insect. It's called Green -- and ears they're happy to be -- by the great Isabella Rossellini applied. Joining and very convenient so first of all please tell us about this unique series. Let the series was. Conceived affordable ", "World News: Bomb's Impact in U.S., Iraq; Haute Space Cuisine; Grinch Turns 40; Roberto Rossellini", "eat well among other things an awful lot of shrimp cocktail. And we'll have a conversation with the actress  Isabella Rossellini  about her father the great film director Roberta Cellini. During this big blitz of holiday movie releases we're ", "lot of shrimp cocktail. And we'll have a conversation with the actress Isabella Rossellini about her father the great film director Roberta -- Cellini. During this big blitz of holiday movie releases we're going to look "]