['Every question. Is such thing. As the human mind. What is the nature. Human man. Planning calculating. That is the nature of mind. Constant thought recent research tells us that the universe is not infinite. So while woman no way this is and meant programs. What I want to new ways. When you get. To', 'news. I am like the empty headed came from sports I am the I which characters with. William not William. This is  Holly Hunter  the tough as nails scrappy. Angry. Mainly laying UK always the smartest person in the room always. That makes were ', 'I -- -- which characters with. -- William not William. This is Holly Hunter the tough as nails scrappy. Angry. Mainly laying UK always the smartest person in the room -- -- always. That makes were ', "One of Hollywood's most dynamic actresses is here to talk about her newest hit project Academy Award winner  Holly Hunter  television debut last summer with saving. Grace the show a tough and gritty detective named grace who get some help ", 'is here to talk about her newest hit project Academy Award winner Holly Hunter -- -- television debut last summer with saving. Grace the show -- a tough and gritty detective named grace who get some ', "because there are a lot of great teachers out there in america. Yes. and it starred viola davis and maggie gyllenhaal,  holly hunter , and we have like a star-studded cast. Yeah, it is pretty incredible. It's about a parent and teacher who decides ", "there in america. Yes. and it starred viola davis and maggie gyllenhaal, holly hunter , and we have like a star-studded cast. Yeah, it is pretty incredible. It's about a parent and teacher who decides to take ", "doesn't help after all nearly two thirds of the women in the steady. Did not feel better after crying and here's  Holly Hunter  bawling in broadcast news. The next block down and it may end up like it was and can cry. Yeah a lot of heavy mascara ", "women in the steady. Did not feel better after crying and here's Holly Hunter bawling in broadcast news. -- -- The next block down and it may end up -- like it was -- and can ", "Miller and become an Internet sensation. I interviewed  Holly Hunter . For my first interview I ever did in my career doesn't makes the technology of the Internet as a big star like  Holly Hunter  oriented entertainment reporter. You got a big fat ", "name is nearing Miller and -- become an Internet sensation. I interviewed Holly Hunter . For my first interview I ever did in my career doesn't act of what the -- -- aren't Academy Award winning actress ", "you makes the technology of the Internet as a big star like Holly Hunter -- oriented entertainment reporter. You got a big fat mess that's -- Wow I mean like. -- why do you stated that ", "You know but that that's what happened I couldn't hear in this very heart of body however. It will give credit to  Holly Hunter  she was a for a news she is a class the interview. You wake up the day after a couple days after. This starts to spread ", 'very heart of -- -- body however. It will give credit to Holly Hunter she was a for a news she is a class -- -- -- the interview. You wake up the day after a ', "film was 1980s He knows moment. He could face death any real fear of dying. It's safe. I'm so much. And while  Holly Hunter  only lost her finger in the piano He gave her an Oscar. It she lost all her summer camp buddies in the 1981 slasher ", "any real fear of dying. It's safe. I'm so much. And while Holly Hunter only lost her finger in the piano -- He gave her an Oscar. It she lost all her summer camp buddies in ", "Miller. And become an Internet sensation. I interviewed  Holly Hunter . For my first interview I ever did in my career doesn't makes the technology of the Internet as a big star like  Holly Hunter  oriented entertainment reporter. You got a big fat ", "name is -- Miller. And -- become an Internet sensation. I interviewed Holly Hunter . For my first interview I ever did in my career doesn't act of what the -- -- aren't Academy Award winning actress ", "you makes the technology of the Internet as a big star like Holly Hunter -- oriented entertainment reporter. You got a big fat mess that's watching. Wow I mean like. -- why do you stated that ", "voting against the strike. Mel Gibson is just one of the actors on the vote yes side of this debate. Margaret Jean  Holly Hunter  and hell Holbrooke agree they're clearing. A yes vote offers the union leverage to get the new contract at once for ", "the actors on the vote yes side of this debate. Margaret Jean Holly Hunter and hell Holbrooke agree they're clearing. A yes vote offers the union leverage to get the new contract at once for film ", 'Glenn Close damages. Sally Field Brothers and sisters. Mariska Hargitay tape law and order special victims unit.  Holly Hunter  saving grace. And Sedgwick the closer. Then nominees for lead actor and drama series. Gabriel Byrne in treatment ', 'Brothers and sisters. Mariska Hargitay tape law and order special victims unit. Holly Hunter saving grace. And -- Sedgwick the closer. Then nominees for lead actor and drama series. Gabriel Byrne in treatment. Bryan Cranston breaking ', "in some news now channel. 37 year old merry Miller an opportunity. Few people look at it's in your view. I'm  Holly Hunter  and unfortunate me the interview went a little. A ride Sally there. You may Academy Award winning. Actress but today ", "Miller an opportunity. Few people look at it's in your view. I'm Holly Hunter and unfortunate me the interview went a little. A ride Sally -- there. You may -- -- -- Academy Award winning. Actress "]