['capable of doing both."- Gordon Parks Reflection of Women\'s Dresses, 1951. ( The Gordon Parks Foundation/ ICP )  Ingrid Bergman , Stromboli, Italy, 1949. ( The Gordon Parks Foundation / ICP ) "Many times I wondered whether my achievement ', 'have lost their careers in Hollywood, if the scandal had ever become public. Other actors like Charlie Chaplin and  Ingrid Bergman  had been banned from acting in the United States when it was revealed they had extramarital affairs, though both ', 'Following the Daily Mail story, Roesler, whose CMG agency has represented the estates of such defunct greats as  Ingrid Bergman , James Dean, Errol Flynn and Bette Davis, says he contacted Lucasfilm. "We reached out to them. The discussions ', 'nuns and Tinsel Town have made glorious bedfellows. Some of cinema\'s most iconic actresses have portrayed nuns.  Ingrid Bergman  played one in "The Bells of St. Mary\'s." So did Deborah Kerr in "Black Narcissus." Audrey Hepburn delivered ', 'Marlene Dietrich sent a "million kisses" from the Plaza Hotel in New York to her "Dearest beloved Papa." And  Ingrid Bergman , who starred in the film version of "For Whom the Bell Tolls," wrote about trying to conceive twins with her husband ', 'Mom in a silk nightshirt that just barely covered her tushy, and a close- up of her where she looks like a young  Ingrid Bergman , the curl of her chestnut bob kissing her full lips, her big brown eyes hypnotizing the camera. In another photo ', 'Rating: ***** Even a sometime cynic like me can\'t help but fall for the charms of this Humphrey Bogart/ Ingrid Bergman  wartime romance -- and it regularly makes those "best movies of all time" lists. Nothing more to say, except ', 'Provincetown sooner or later, he had taken her at first for  Ingrid Bergman  until his friend Cornelius straightened him out between her brows made their arcs long. Not even  Ingrid Bergman  had these brows. The first few times he heard her speak ', "high-dollar portion of the evening ended. Upon entering Ratner's Tudor revival-style house which was once occupied by  Ingrid Bergman , guests were asked by a young redheaded woman working the door to remove their shoes. Asked why the shoes had to ", 'Cary Grant and  Ingrid Bergman \'s work in the Alfred Hitchock classic "Notorious" joined the Mel Brooks comedy "Blazing Saddles" and the black comedy "Fargo ', 'spirit and relentless pursuit of the unfamiliar. Isabella Rossellini, his daughter -- her mother was Hollywood icon  Ingrid Bergman  -- sat down recently with ABC\'s Joel Siegel to discuss her father\'s posthumous legacy. "My father saw before ', "9834; Reporter: It is one of the greatest romantic scenes of all time. May of '42, the flashback to paris.  Ingrid bergman  and humphrey bogart. The scene in which bergman and bogart are in love. They're having a wonderful time. They're ", "romantic scenes of all time. May of '42, the flashback to paris. Ingrid bergman and humphrey bogart. The scene in which bergman and bogart are in love. They're having a wonderful time. They're happy. Even though ", "would have never thought about her or I read about  Ingrid Bergman  ones that are made may have been out of article went think of it you know eyes as being important I think  Ingrid Bergman  liked it she value that don't. So I suppose that ", "would have never thought about her or I read -- -- about Ingrid Bergman ones that are made may have been out of article went -- they talked about how how -- how amazing she wasn't cleaning up. And I thought -- meaning cleaning up to. And it made me feel so good because I thought you know here's the skill that I have which is just great cleaning this -- be good at it. And I don't think of it you know eyes as being important I think Ingrid Bergman liked it she value that don't. So I suppose that would be the thing that that might be surprising and once again ", 'Jimmy Stewart won that year for the Philadelphia story the two state lifelong friends with that happens to you In 1944  Ingrid Bergman  up for best actress for told. against her good friend Jennifer in Song of Bernadette. attacking Jones want and it ', 'two state lifelong friends with that happens to you -- In 1944 Ingrid Bergman up for best actress for -- -- told. -- against her good friend Jennifer -- in Song of Bernadette. -- attacking Jones ', "she disappeared. At number five Humphrey Bogart and  Ingrid Bergman  and Casablanca. And you. I'm much. kiss between Humphrey Bogart and  Ingrid Bergman . So powerful because some that can't be together ", "in Paris and then she disappeared. At number five Humphrey Bogart and Ingrid Bergman and -- Casablanca. And you. I'm much. -- kiss between Humphrey Bogart and Ingrid Bergman . So powerful because -- some -- -- that can't be together. And they know it. -- -- -- -- For -- a ", "came with. There was a tie for best actress Katharine Hepburn in a Lion in Winter and Barbra Streisand for funny.  Ingrid Bergman  was presenting the award. Her read everything on the card. Because of on the card I wrote it's. In big letters ", "Katharine Hepburn in a Lion in Winter and Barbra Streisand for funny. Ingrid Bergman was presenting the award. Her read everything on the card. Because of -- on the card I wrote it's. In big letters. ", "Charlotte Chandler is known for her Hollywood biographies she's written about Alfred Hitchcock Betty Davis and  Ingrid Bergman  just to name a few. Now her new book not the girl next door brings a fresh look at the struggles and throughout the ", "for her Hollywood biographies she's written about Alfred Hitchcock Betty Davis and Ingrid Bergman just to name a few. Now her new book not the girl next door brings a fresh look at the struggles and ", "also in the new movie the Indian actor taking place of Humphrey Bogart and taking the place. Of course the fabulous  Ingrid Bergman  said there it is here's look at it you everybody sandy good.", "place of Humphrey Bogart and taking the place. Of course the fabulous Ingrid Bergman said there it is here's -- look at it you everybody -- sandy good. "]