['another weekly rerun of 7th Heaven. If she joins the series, McGowan will partner with regulars Alyssa Milano and  Holly Marie Combs  for the start of the fourth season. Doherty bailed on the series in May supposedly to seek other creative opportunities ', 'another weekly rerun of 7th Heaven. If she joins the series, McGowan will partner with regulars Alyssa Milano and  Holly Marie Combs  for the start of the fourth season. Doherty bailed on the series in May supposedly to seek other creative opportunities ', 'another weekly rerun of 7th Heaven. If she joins the series, McGowan will partner with regulars Alyssa Milano and  Holly Marie Combs  for the start of the fourth season. Doherty bailed on the series in May supposedly to seek other creative opportunities ', 'another weekly rerun of 7th Heaven. If she joins the series, McGowan will partner with regulars Alyssa Milano and  Holly Marie Combs  for the start of the fourth season. Doherty bailed on the series in May supposedly to seek other creative opportunities ', 'another weekly rerun of 7th Heaven. If she joins the series, McGowan will partner with regulars Alyssa Milano and  Holly Marie Combs  for the start of the fourth season. Doherty bailed on the series in May supposedly to seek other creative opportunities ', 'another weekly rerun of 7th Heaven. If she joins the series, McGowan will partner with regulars Alyssa Milano and  Holly Marie Combs  for the start of the fourth season. Doherty bailed on the series in May supposedly to seek other creative opportunities ', 'another weekly rerun of 7th Heaven. If she joins the series, McGowan will partner with regulars Alyssa Milano and  Holly Marie Combs  for the start of the fourth season. Doherty bailed on the series in May supposedly to seek other creative opportunities ', 'witch on the WB show, and TV Guide is asking its readers who would be the best choice to join Alyssa Milano and  Holly Marie Combs  in the coven. The magazine says Manthey wants the role. "I\'m all over it," she said. Alas, Aaron Spelling ', 'truck weaving on California freeway, police said. The 29-year-old Doherty, who stars with Alyssa Milano and  Holly Marie Combs  on Charmed, was stopped by officers at about 3 a.m. PT (6 a.m. ET) while driving in Thousand Oaks, north ']