['tweeted that he began watching Ebert in 1984, adding, "He was a good man & a fierce advocate for great film."  Holly Robinson  Peete wrote, "All my prayers to Chaz -his beautiful and stoic wife." Carson Daly also sent prayers out to Ebert\'s ', 'Fellow "Green Mile" star Tom Hanks also spoke as well as the director, Frank Darabout. Other attendees included  Holly Robinson  Peete, "Bones" costars David Boreanaz and Emily Deschanel, "The Finder" costar Geoff Stults, singers Angie ', "know that pout has stood the test of time (still sultry at 48), but we'll take any opportunity to see it again.  Holly Robinson  Peete How far Holly's come since her afro-bling fabulous Sergeant Judy Hoffs. The 47-year-old actress has ", "Bernardino Sheriff's Office spokeswoman Cindy Bachman said investigators determined Kinzey and his girlfriend,  Holly Robinson , were allegedly buying large amounts of methamphetamine and distributing it to at least six other people throughout ", 'Michaels was diagnosed with Type 1 diabetes as a child.) His "Celebrity Apprentice" castmates, Sharon Osbourne and  Holly Robinson  Pete, also appeared on "Oprah" today to wish him well. He said all the good sentiments help him soldier on ', 'with ex-girlfriend Jessica Simpson to "crack cocaine," Mayer\'s still pop culture public enemy No. 1. Actress  Holly Robinson  Peete told People magazine that she was "disgusted and offended" by Mayer\'s interview, despite the fact that ', 'Sutherland, Jamie Foxx, Ron Howard, Steven Spielberg, Jeffrey Katzenberg, Antonio Banderas, Melanie Griffith,  Holly Robinson  Peete, Tyler Perry, Nicky Hilton, Seth Rogin, Sen. Arlen Specter, D-Pa., and Sen. Christopher Dodd, D-Conn ', "Barack Obama: 'I Accept Your Nomination for the Presidency of the United States'", 'to be nominated for president on a major party ticket. "I just wish my dad was here to see this," said actress  Holly Robinson  Peete, whose father, television producer Matt Robinson, marched on Washington. "He would be so proud of Obama ', "Black Leaders, Celebrities in Denver for Obama Camp 'Unity' Breakfast on MLK Anniversary", 'first black to run for president on a major party ticket. "I just wish my dad was here to see this," said actress  Holly Robinson  Peete, whose late father, TV producer Matt Robinson, marched on Washington. "He would be so proud of Obama ', 'causes by holding charity events in Miami this weekend. For example, former NFL quarterback Rodney Peete and his wife  Holly Robinson -Peete are holding a Gridiron Glamour charity fashion show and benefit to raise money for Parkinsons Disease. Whitaker ', 'said her husband, Josh Mann. What is a girl to do? Men and women often go their separate ways at kickoff, but  Holly Robinson  Pete, wife of former NFL quarterback Rodney Pete, said it doesn\'t have to be that way. Her book, "A Woman\'s ', "She's an actress wife mom author and radio host a almost hater but we love our  Holly Robinson  has done at all and now she wants all moms out there to do the same. Holly has teamed up with Jennie Garth Mia Marian Wright settlement ", 'author and radio host a -- almost hater but we love our Holly Robinson -- has done at all -- and now she wants all moms out there to do the same. Holly has teamed up ', "without regard to social ethnic economic geographic backgrounds. also took the life of the father of my next guest  Holly Robinson  Peete joins me today talk about this disease. And her work with the American Parkinson's disease association including ", "-- also took the life of the father of my next guest Holly Robinson Peete joins me today talk about this disease. And her work with the American Parkinson's disease association including their new book of ", "was meant that. I still have to choose the celebrity don't cry I'm praying and I have to tell you. Yeah. a.  Holly Robinson  Pete's got second place but that means 250000. Dollars for Bret Michaels charity American diabetes association ", "I'm praying and -- I have to tell you. Yeah. -- a. Holly Robinson Pete's got second place but that means 250000. Dollars for Bret Michaels charity American diabetes association of course He is also a ", 'a wealthy man. He bought this mansion in Beverly Hills from former football star Rodney Pete and his actress wife  Holly Robinson  Peete. For four million dollars. In this interview in 2007. Which I conducted over the phone claimed He could control ', 'Beverly Hills from former football star Rodney Pete and his actress wife Holly Robinson Peete. For four million dollars. -- -- -- -- -- -- -- In this interview in 2007. Which I conducted over the ']