['FILE - This handout file photo taken on Friday, July 12, 2013, and made available by Human Rights Watch shows NSA leaker Edward Snowden during his meeting with Russian activists and officials at Sheremetyevo airport, Moscow, Russia .  Russian state news agency says  Snowden has been granted a document that allows him to leave the transit zone of a Moscow airport and enter Russia. Snowden has applied for temporary asylum in Rusia last week after his attempts to leave the airport were thwarted. The United States wants him sent home to face prosecution for espionage.(AP Photo/Tatyana Lokshina, Human Rights Watch , file)', 'To get him started, Anatoly Kucherena said he gave Snowden a copy of "Crime and Punishment," Dostoyevsky\'s lengthy novel about the torment and redemption of a man who thought himself outside the law.', '"I am not talking about the similarity of inner contradictions," Kucherena said after meeting Snowden in the transit zone of Sheremetyevo international airport, where Snowden has apparently been marooned since arriving from Hong Kong on June 23.', "When Snowden first arrived at Sheremetyevo, he was believed to be planning just to transfer to a flight to Cuba and then to Venezuela to seek asylum. But the United States, which wants him returned for prosecution, canceled his passport, stranding him. He hasn't been seen in public since, although he met with human rights activists and lawyers July 12.", 'Snowden then applied for temporary asylum in Russia, saying he eventually wanted to visit countries that had offered him asylum: Venezuela, Bolivia and Nicaragua.', "It's unclear how long Russia will take to decide on the asylum request. Kucherena's meeting Wednesday with Snowden was preceded by a flurry of reports that said the lawyer would give him documentation that would allow him to leave the airport while the asylum process is underway.", 'But Kucherena said he had no such paperwork to pass along. The Federal Migration Service, which would issue such a document, said it had no information.', 'Asked about Snowden\'s long-term intentions, Kucherena told state television that "Russia is his final destination for now. He doesn\'t look further into the future than that."', 'White House spokesman Jay Carney said the U.S. was "seeking clarity" as the reports swirled of Snowden\'s possible imminent departure from the airport. The head of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, Robert Menendez, said "providing any refuge to Edward Snowden will be harmful to U.S.-Russia relations."', 'Kucherena told journalists that he had brought fresh clothes for Snowden, whom he said had been wearing the same clothes he had when he arrived from Hong Kong.', "If Snowden gets the documentation to leave the airport, that would only allow him to travel outside Russia, for which he'd need other identification papers, Kucherena said.", "U.S.-Russian relations are already strained by Washington's criticism of Russia's pressure on opposition groups, its suspicion of U.S. missile-defense plans in Europe, and its support for the regime of Syrian President Bashar Assad.", ' Copyright 2013 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. ']