["Jesse: Pick a card and put it back into the deck. Romina: Ok. Here? J: Yeah. Think about the card now. R: Ok. J: Are you thinking about it? R: Yes I  J: It doesn't matter. Jesse Eisenberg is the quick-witted bully you think he is. He's smart, sharp, and mean. My goal at the press junket for his new", 'Isla Fisher  and her "Bachelorette" co-stars Kirsten Dunst and Lizzy Caplan stopped by " Good Morning Americ a" today to discuss their ', '"Bachelorette," a new movie starring Kirsten Dunst,  Isla Fisher  ("Confessions of a Shopoholic") and Lizzy Caplan ("New Girl"), has broken ground not only as a no-holds barred dark comedy ', 'Lounge, the neighboring Talent Resources Suite, and the Vevo PowerStation & Sorel Suite. Vevo was the place to party -  Isla Fisher , Common, James Marsden, Danny Glover, Ty Burrell, LMFAO, and Lil Jon were among the celebs who swung through for Sorel ', 'says. "You can see that in the way that they dress up. You can just tell." Who\'s there: Jessica Alba, Heidi Klum,  Isla Fisher . NBA Games Most aren\'t quite as zealous as die-hard Lakers fan Jack Nicholson, but A-listers still manage to hit the ', 'The recently released movie " Confessions of a Shopaholic " follows a young woman played by  Isla Fisher  who is obsessed with shopping and the many comedic, and romantic, misadventures her addiction causes. But not too far from Hollywood\'s ', 'Kinsella\'s best-selling chick-lit series, leading the "charge-it!" charge. But when the comedy opens Feb. 13, with  Isla Fisher  ("Wedding Crashers") as the irrepressible spendthrift, it could also serve as a cautionary tale, given that the dreary ', 'belly showed through her clingy, long, black Isabella Oliver gown. "All of the celebrities, Marcia Cross, Jessica Alba,  Isla Fisher , all wore Isabella Oliver. That\'s definitely one brand they like and we see a lot of them wearing A Pea in the Pod too ', 'Ryan is looking for that perfect person. "The kind," (listen carefully), "that rings your bell."  Isla Fisher  No wonder  Isla Fisher  got into her romance with Ryan Reynolds in "Definitely, Maybe." Isla told Parade , "if you look up \'smoldering ', "made a strong showing, for both the women and the men. Winner Jennifer Hudson rocked a short-sleeved Vera Wang gown;  Isla Fisher  wowed in a vintage Herve Leger bandage dress with a tulle skirt; Hilary Swank's navy belted gown was one of the night's ", 'Actress discusses her role in "The Great Gatsby" and reveals the best, worst parts of motherhood.', 'well, if you can hear a song playing, we can\'t hear it. It\'s called "blonde and beautiful." It\'s on the soundtrack of "bachelorette." It debuted on itunes. It was the top movie on the charts. It stars kristen dunst, ila fish fish fisher. It\'s "the hangover" meets "bridesmaids." I want to start with', "I Fisher how do you describe her let me count the ways that. Imagine some great drink of Powell Pena and champagne. Anywhere issues and a new comedy a whole areas confessions of the shop hall at the books were hilarious too and she is with us this morning it's great to see you ninety is so good of", 'Lizzy Caplan, Kirsten Dunst &  Isla Fisher  spoke to Peter Travers at Sundance 2012 about new film.', 'off wednesday night with only the greatest gatsby and vintage inspired fashion from carey mulligan with a pale pink dior to  isla fisher  in this red TIERED OSCAR de la RENTA. Even leo and tobey looking dapper despite the downpour. They let go of their umbrella ', 'vintage inspired fashion from carey mulligan with a pale pink dior to isla fisher in this red TIERED OSCAR de la RENTA. Even leo and tobey looking dapper despite the downpour. They let go of their ']