["British reality TV star with terminal cervical cancer has gotten extraordinarily close to broadcasting that moment.  Jade Goody  's publicist reported Monday how the 27-year-old mother is explaining to her children that she is going to die ", 'Expecting to see her newlywed-husband Jack Tweedy as she woke up Sunday afternoon from a deep sleep,  Jade Goody  was shocked to see a strange woman at her hospital bedside, dancing and chanting. The woman fled the facility as soon as Goody ', 'her poverty-to-celebrity story, reality TV star  Jade Goody  has died of cervical cancer. She was 27. "\'I just We have definitely seen an increase in uptake due to  Jade Goody ," Robert Music, director of the cervical cancer organization ', 'Jade Goody , the U.K.\'s most famous reality TV star , who has terminal cervical cancer specialists. "We have definitely seen an increase in uptake due to  Jade Goody ," Robert Music, director of the cervical cancer organization Jo\'s ', 'clashes with Bollywood actress Shilpa Shetty. But now  Jade Goody  could be the first celebrity to die in the glare of television We have definitely seen an increase in uptake due to  Jade Goody ," Robert Music, director of the cervical cancer organization ', 'reality TV experience to the extreme. Jo O\'Meara,  Jade Goody  and Danielle Lloyd from "Big Brother" "Big Brother Shilpa Shetty. Singer Jo O\'Meara, reality TV Star  Jade Goody  and model Danielle Lloyd were accused of being racist ', 'even speak English properly!" Nevermind that Lloyd\'s Scouse accent is thicker than The Beatles before Ed Sullivan!  Jade Goody , the ex-"Big Brother" contestant, threw a downright tantrum at Shetty last night. "Go back to the slums," she ', 'Danielle Lloyd, singer Jo O\'Meara, and tabloid fixture  Jade Goody  -- had any idea of the global fracas that would erupt plenty of those people and their children are enjoying  Jade Goody \'s racist, bullying antics, cheering her on." But ', "ABC's Hilary brown has the story. More than almost any.  Jade Goody  has shown how reality TV can turn a non entity into celebrity cervical cancer it's. With your genius for self promotion  Jade Goody  is now turning the last months of her life into a public ", "the nation ABC's Hilary brown has the story. More than almost any. Jade Goody has shown how reality TV can turn a non entity into celebrity. Overnight. Uneducated and deprived she first appeared on big brother ", "That she had cervical cancer it's. With your genius for self promotion Jade Goody is now turning the last months of her life into a public soap opera. That has transfixed the nation back even prime "]