['The actress wrote a blistering facebook post standing up for Justin Bieber, Taylor Swift and Rihanna', "that one of the hottest couples in Hollywood. It's calling it quits according in the magazine we'll Smith and  Jada Pinkett Smith  are separating after thirteen years of marriage. The couple have two children together Jada and will both of whom ", "Hollywood. It's calling it quits according in the magazine we'll Smith and Jada Pinkett Smith are separating after thirteen years of marriage. The couple have two children together Jada and will both of whom. There's a big ", "I don't know if it's children doing the search but anyway that's getting a lot of searches and the actress  Jada Pinkett Smith . Makes the list like most celebrities who find themselves on the Google list because of folk pop. Pinkett Smith ", "search but anyway that's getting a lot of searches and the actress Jada Pinkett Smith . Makes the list -- like most celebrities who find themselves on the Google list because of folk pop. Pinkett Smith makes the ", 'Amy.  Jada pinkett smith  wears many hats, an actress, writer, producer, director, wife You did something right. You\'ve done a lot of things right.  Jada pinkett smith , thank you very much. said, "free angela and all other political ', 'Amy. Jada pinkett smith wears many hats, an actress, writer, producer, director, wife and mother to her two children. Her latest passion project executive producing a ', 'role. You did something right. You\'ve done a lot of things right. Jada pinkett smith , thank you very much. said, "free angela and all other political prisoners" opens this friday in selected theaters around the country. ', 'And a good time would  Jada Pinkett Smith  he is just like any mom the ultimate. Multi tasker you have reign over me which opens on Friday and  Jada Pinkett Smith . It is those so that this took little time with ', "And a good time would Jada Pinkett Smith he is just like any mom the ultimate. Multi tasker as Dianne says we lover up on the big screen -- you know she's a singer and heavy metal -- that you know. He's also -- activists and now on a new movie with Hollywood stars Adam chance ambler. And time -- -- course she has a few town and headed home as well as the greatest looking need to. -- and another proud of what you have reign over me which opens on Friday and Jada Pinkett Smith . It is those so that this took little time with -- you've been so gracious with our audience who brought them. You ", "answered it certainly would be at a few more camera shots so vaccine that's for certain at our switch gears now  Jada Pinkett Smith . And Will Smith I was completely blown away when I heard about this because this seems like such a solid couple ", "camera shots so vaccine that's for certain at our switch gears now Jada Pinkett Smith . And Will Smith I was completely blown away when I heard about this because this seems like such a solid couple they've ", 'This story now that rocked Hollywood report that super couple will Smith and  Jada Pinkett Smith  had separated. In touch weekly report the news exclusively. And senior editor captured George V cast a series. Is here to talk ', 'story now that rocked Hollywood report that super couple will Smith and Jada Pinkett Smith had separated. In touch weekly report the news exclusively. And senior editor -- captured George V cast a series. Is here to ', "will elaborate a great moment obviously. And there's still a lot of talk going on between will Smith and his wife  Jada Pinkett Smith  are they splitting up why not splitting up you know we always hear the old adage where there's smoke there's ", "a lot of talk going on between will Smith and his wife Jada Pinkett Smith are they splitting up why not splitting up you know we always hear the old adage where there's smoke there's fire bad ", "Houston and I've heard it all the rumors that the. The most difficult of all He says rumors of an affair with  Jada Pinkett Smith 's wife of will Smith and his costar on the TV show Hawthorne. It's a rumor that the Smiths like mark have denied ", "most difficult of all He says rumors of an affair with -- Jada Pinkett Smith's wife of will Smith and his costar on the TV show Hawthorne. It's a rumor that the Smiths like mark have denied. ", 'Barack Obama Appears on the Tonight Show with Jay Leno; Herman Cain Makes His Own Rules', 'shaking the money free for his reelection campaign at. The ball on Wednesday gets fined Fundraisers hosted by will and  Jada Pinkett Smith  and at the home of Melanie Griffith and Antonio Banderas at off the record meeting with some of the most powerful ', 'The ball on Wednesday gets fined -- Fundraisers hosted by will and Jada Pinkett Smith and at the home of Melanie Griffith and Antonio Banderas at -- off the record meeting with some of the most powerful ', "that's why you see them so often on both of these programs downloaded from And I think it would super sweet snapshot  Jada Pinkett Smith  just read and it. It's natural little girl willow I'm taking this news on dad's lap the eleven year old lights ", "from -- -- And I think it would -- super sweet snapshot Jada Pinkett Smith just read and it. It's natural little girl willow I'm taking this news on dad's lap the eleven year old lights out ", "really and what about that choice Ferrari. What every one year old needs. In other celebrity kids news Will and  Jada Pinkett Smith 's daughter willow is about the lives. Every little girl's fantasy at least mine lies she's going to star in ", "one year old needs. In other celebrity kids news -- Will and Jada Pinkett Smith's daughter willow is about the lives. Every little girl's fantasy at least mine lies she's going to star in the upcoming remake ", "wealth that is Yeah unfortunately they were like. One of the couples that no one thought and but unfortunately.  Jada Pinkett Smith  has been seeing one of Hollywood's biggest divorce lawyers. More are now they also just sold on the home that ", "One of the couples that no one thought -- and but unfortunately. Jada Pinkett Smith has been seeing one of Hollywood's biggest divorce lawyers. More -- are now they also just sold on the home that they ", "Hawthorne premieres tonight starring  Jada Pinkett Smith . She plays TV's toughest care for her patients. And  Jada Pinkett Smith  joins us today we're so happy one Jed here in Atlanta view  Jada Pinkett Smith  thanks so much for joining us ", "The second season of the hit TNT show Hawthorne premieres tonight starring Jada Pinkett Smith . She plays TV's toughest nurse Christina Hawthorne as she butts heads -- staff -- to deliver the best care for her patients. And Jada Pinkett Smith joins us today we're so happy to have -- -- welcome. Thank you may hello hello it's great to talk -- you ", 'love and that is number one -- Jed here in Atlanta view Jada Pinkett Smith thanks so much for joining us is -- -- -- just thank you. Thank you thank you. Hawthorne premieres tonight at 9 ', 'painfully failed first marriage issue these campaign. Had a son and then eleven years ago I successful work. Actress  Jada Pinkett Smith  they have two children willow and Jason. You said now that divorce is not an option yet. If divorce is not an option ', 'a son -- and then eleven years ago I successful work. Actress Jada Pinkett Smith they have two children willow and Jason. You said now that divorce is not an option yet. If divorce is not an ', "that would don't think you can do you Erica yeah. And it it works whatever the rationale as it works variations  Jada Pinkett Smith  obviously all know about the relationship beautiful couple together. She in a recent roles she plays this guess ", 'And it it works whatever the rationale as it works -- variations Jada Pinkett Smith obviously all know about the relationship beautiful couple together. She in a recent roles she plays this -- -- -- guess -- ', 'leaders celebrities all over the world gathered in London. To salute the former south African president will and  Jada Pinkett Smith  where there for the is there. He is the biggest you know listen live to ninety ordinarily is amazing books for what ', 'gathered in London. To salute the former south African president will and Jada Pinkett Smith where there -- for the -- is there. He is the biggest you know listen live to ninety ordinarily is amazing books ', "showing how they deal with life's ups and down with them. But even the names including Meg Ryan Annette Bening  Jada Pinkett Smith . Eva Mendez and Debra Messing the film had a hard time moving from idea to reality. This film to fourteen years ", 'down with them. But even the names including Meg Ryan Annette Bening Jada Pinkett Smith . Eva Mendez and Debra Messing the film had a hard time moving from idea to reality. This film to fourteen years to ', "but quickly I ask you know lots of big stars included in the show that crazy. Jennifer Aniston and John Travolta  Jada Pinkett Smith . And even more people because you know if anyone can get. People insist so it's definitely How that's still ", "that -- -- crazy. Jennifer Aniston and -- -- -- John Travolta Jada Pinkett Smith . And even more people because you know -- if anyone can get. People insist so it's definitely -- How -- that's still "]