['he\'s got my vote. Too bad he probably won\'t."  Alan Cumming , Cyndi Lauper Host Last Hurrah for Swing States category actor/director and star of CBS\' "The Good Wife,"  Alan Cumming , is teaming up with pop star Cyndi Lauper to host a ', 'he\'s got my vote. Too bad he probably won\'t."  Alan Cumming , Cyndi Lauper Host Last Hurrah for Swing States category actor/director and star of CBS\' "The Good Wife,"  Alan Cumming , is teaming up with pop star Cyndi Lauper to host a ', 'he\'s got my vote. Too bad he probably won\'t."  Alan Cumming , Cyndi Lauper Host Last Hurrah for Swing States category actor/director and star of CBS\' "The Good Wife,"  Alan Cumming , is teaming up with pop star Cyndi Lauper to host a ', 'Alan Cumming , Cyndi Lauper Host Last Hurrah for Swing States category: Barack Obama Scottish singer/actor/director and star of CBS\' "The Good Wife,"  Alan Cumming , is teaming up with pop star Cyndi Lauper to host a performance and silent ', 'WireImage/Getty Images Supporting Actor, Drama:  Alan Cumming  John Slattery, "Mad Men"; Andre Braugher, "Men Game of Thrones"; Josh Charles, "The Good Wife";  Alan Cumming , "The Good Wife" Emmy voters could throw a bone to ', 'WireImage/Getty Images Supporting Actor, Drama:  Alan Cumming  John Slattery, "Mad Men"; Andre Braugher, "Men Game of Thrones"; Josh Charles, "The Good Wife";  Alan Cumming , "The Good Wife" Emmy voters could throw a bone to ', 'more serious." Maybe that\'s why so few men in Hollywood are willing to talk about experimenting with other guys.  Alan Cumming  is the only major actor to call himself bisexual, but with his scrawny stature and preference for theater and indie ', 'piggybank form. Now, he can corrupt children as he teaches them to save money. New to the action hero figure world is  Alan Cumming , who is depicted as Nightcrawler from the X-men sequel, due out this summer. Another comic book legend, the Hulk ', "humor, teens, love and more. This years show takes place at San Francisco's War Memorial Opera House. Actor  Alan Cumming  (Anniversary Party, Spy Kids) will return this year to host the celebration. The show will feature original films ", 'Hollywood types, Party was co-written, co-produced, and co-directed by co-stars Jennifer Jason Leigh and  Alan Cumming  (the villain in the recent hit Spy Kids), who met when they were in the Broadway revival of Cabaret a few years back ', 'Hollywood types, Party was co-written, co-produced, and co-directed by co-stars Jennifer Jason Leigh and  Alan Cumming  (the villain in the recent hit Spy Kids), who met when they were in the Broadway revival of Cabaret a few years back ', 'Hollywood types, Party was co-written, co-produced, and co-directed by co-stars Jennifer Jason Leigh and  Alan Cumming  (the villain in the recent hit Spy Kids), who met when they were in the Broadway revival of Cabaret a few years back ', 'Hollywood types, Party was co-written, co-produced, and co-directed by co-stars Jennifer Jason Leigh and  Alan Cumming  (the villain in the recent hit Spy Kids), who met when they were in the Broadway revival of Cabaret a few years back ', "legend Marvin Hamlisch who wrote every hit song we've ever heard runners finest people on planet. Very sexy got to  Alan Cumming  who that the episode doing this and party allies and only talks about when she met Salvador Dali. In Paris and our ", '-- runners -- finest people on planet. Very sexy -- got to Alan Cumming who that the episode doing this and party allies and only talks about when she met Salvador Dali. In Paris and our ']