['Actor discusses working with Carrey, David Copperfield in "The Incredible Burt Wonderstone."', 'Reporter: He has a few other oscar predictions. Who do you think is going to sob during their acceptance speech?  Alan arkin . Reporter: Who is going to show more leg than angelina jolie next year? Academy president. Reporter: And who will ', 'Who do you think is going to sob during their acceptance speech? Alan arkin . Reporter: Who is going to show more leg than angelina jolie next year? Academy president. Reporter: And who will seth MacFARLANE INSULT ', 'at home you off and mister and you go home. All right next category best supporting actor and here are the nominees  Alan Arkin  in Robert De Niro and silver linings playbook. Philip Seymour Hoffman in the master Tom Jones in Lincoln and Christoph ', 'All right next category best supporting actor and here are the nominees Alan Arkin in -- Robert De Niro and silver linings playbook. Philip Seymour Hoffman in the master Tom Jones in Lincoln and Christoph Waltz ', 'right that any CBS as they call for sure that top one. Would need to seek to understand. Taylor looks plated is as  Alan Arkin  thumb first of all you want a few little tiny room. Written and directed by rod literate he did Haaretz determines that ', 'need to seek to understand. Taylor -- looks plated is as -- Alan Arkin thumb first of all you want a few little tiny room. Written and directed by rod literate he did -- -- Haaretz ', "l.A. At the emmys, this is really what you wanted to talk about. We had ben in, john goodman,  alan arkin  here yesterday. Was  alan arkin  sitting here? He was sitting right here. I don't understand that. It's too early in the morning ", "what you wanted to talk about. We had ben in, john goodman, alan arkin here yesterday. Was alan arkin sitting here? He was sitting right here. I don't understand that. It's too early in the morning for alan to do anything. ", "MOVIE LIKE A '70s MOVIE IT WOULD Convince the audience that they were watching something from the 1970s. And we have  alan arkin  tomorrow. I hope they answer some questions. Tell us about this. This is a chocolate bar. A chocolate bar ultimately ", 'audience that they were watching something from the 1970s. And we have alan arkin tomorrow. I hope they answer some questions. Tell us about this. This is a chocolate bar. A chocolate bar ultimately a gift ', "it's fabulous says He says. What talking about get smart which opens Friday and exit comedy from Steve Carell and  Alan Arkin . Futures less money to be a part of this film. I did you ought to the smaller wall to be a part of That doesn't usually ", 'which opens -- Friday and exit -- comedy from Steve Carell and Alan Arkin . Futures -- less money to be a part of this film. I did you ought to the smaller wall to be a ', "won't have to worry about crossing a picket line. Still an all star list of present has agreed to appear on the show.  Alan Arkin  Jennifer Hudson Helen Mirren and Forrest Whitaker those in the folks who come back to present the acting awards. As ", 'star list of present -- has agreed to appear on the show. Alan Arkin Jennifer Hudson Helen Mirren and Forrest Whitaker -- those in the -- folks who come back to present the acting awards. As ', "real soon. Wait a minute father who. Dominated. They're doing this year's Oscar. Best supporting actor nominee  Alan Arkin  wrote fifty years ago. When he was in a folk rock group called the terriers wasn't quite as young as Oscar nominated ", "father who. Dominated. They're doing this year's Oscar. Best supporting actor nominee Alan Arkin wrote -- -- fifty years ago. When he was in a folk rock group called the terriers -- -- wasn't quite as ", "Zeta-Jones in the song and from Chicago freedom around upper West Side Story it's okay. Let's go as best supporting actor  Alan Arkin  in little miss sunshine Jackie Earle Haley. Little let children Jackman and and blood diamond Eddie Murphy dream girls ", "West Side Story it's okay. Let's go -- as best supporting actor Alan Arkin in little miss sunshine Jackie Earle Haley. Little let children Jackman and -- and blood diamond Eddie Murphy dream girls Mark Wahlberg. "]