["had been lying low for a while (with good reason ), doesn't mean you can go and proclaim him dead .  Jamie Lee Curtis  Is  Jamie Lee Curtis  -- horror movie heroine , star of both timeless comedies and blockbuster action flicks , poop yogurt connoisseur ", 'Like, not formal wrestling just, you know, sisterly, kind of like, pushing, rolling around, being silly." *  Jamie Lee Curtis , who appeared on Tuesday\'s episode of the Fox comedy "New Girl" as the mother of Zooey Deschanel\'s character ', 'Alli in 2009. Unfortunately, the pill quickly became known for its "anal leakage" side effect.  Jamie Lee Curtis  for Activia  Jamie Lee Curtis  has taken some ribbing since signing on as Activia\'s spokeswoman. Just check out former "SNL" star ', 'that risk," she added. They also invited a guest on the CBS show who has no fear stripping away the artifice:  Jamie Lee Curtis  joined the hosts au naturel. "What you guys did here today was breathtaking," Curtis said. "A moment in television ', 'dry foot" case that sent them back to Cuba. And in 1994, the old bridge was famously blown up in True Lies with  Jamie Lee Curtis  and Arnold Schwarzenegger. Pego said the parking lot at the entrance to the north end is concrete now thanks to the ', 'there\'s nothing I can do," Moore told Allure in 2010.  Jamie Lee Curtis  When it comes to accepting the passage of time,  Jamie Lee Curtis  is the queen. The 53-year-old actress cropped ', 'Alli in 2009. Unfortunately, the pill quickly became known for its "anal leakage" side effect.  Jamie Lee Curtis  for Activia  Jamie Lee Curtis  has taken some ribbing since signing on as Activia\'s spokeswoman. Just check out former "SNL" star ', 'Alli in 2009. Unfortunately, the pill quickly became known for its "anal leakage" side effect.  Jamie Lee Curtis  for Activia  Jamie Lee Curtis  has taken some ribbing since signing on as Activia\'s spokeswoman. Just check out "SNL" star Kristen ', 'posted another neckless pose of himself lying down on a chaise in Guest\'s hotel suite after Guest and his wife,  Jamie Lee Curtis , joined Gervais for his 50th birthday dinner. "I was speechless," Gervais wrote about the Fender guitar. "It ', 'that Dannon\'s claims that Activia and DanActive were clinically proven were false. In one ad for Activia, actress  Jamie Lee Curtis  reassures viewers that eating Activia can help people who suffer from irregularities. "I am proud of my association ', "Dannon's claims that Activia and DanActive were clinically proven were false. In one TV spot for Activia, actress  Jamie Lee Curtis  reassures viewers that eating Activia can help people who suffer from irregularity. In a DanActive TV spot, a yellow ", 'Natalie Wood and Janet Leigh -- the first of his six wives. Curtis and Leigh had two children, actresses Kelly and  Jamie Lee Curtis . Born Bernard Schwartz on June 3, 1925, in the Bronx, New York, Curtis joined the Marines in World War II. He ', 'regulate digestion and boost immune systems. The company even launched a glossy TV ad campaign featuring actress  Jamie Lee Curtis , who calls the yogurt "tasty." Yet, despite the claims, a judge in Cleveland this week says Dannon must pay ', "prescription pills. There's ten vials in the drawer. You take one vial. Nine vials remain, hit confirm. Reporter: And  jamie lee curtis , the wife and mother of two, openly discussed how she became addicted to pain pills after a cosmetic procedure ", 'drawer. You take one vial. Nine vials remain, hit confirm. Reporter: And jamie lee curtis , the wife and mother of two, openly discussed how she became addicted to pain pills after a cosmetic procedure. A new report ', "doing really really really well but it was scary He was seriously injured that's good to hear thank you so much  Jamie Lee Curtis  thanks so much for joining us. Thank you take good care you guys. Jamie Lee thanks so much for being here.", "He was seriously injured that's good to hear thank you so much Jamie Lee Curtis thanks so much for joining us. Thank you take good care you guys. Jamie Lee -- thanks so much for being here. ", "Hi I'm  Jamie Lee Curtis  and and the July August issue cover girl or magazine on newsstands now. Striking some of my favorite F word poses but fit focused ", "Hi I'm Jamie Lee Curtis and -- and the July August issue cover girl or magazine on newsstands now. Striking some of my favorite F word poses ", "he would have to feel it in your for enemy actually  Jamie Lee Curtis  and I who play for enemies. We really enjoyed using cares how they're doing in high school so much and  Jamie Lee Curtis  plays the popular girl in high school when you come ", "he would have to feel it in your -- for enemy actually Jamie Lee Curtis and I who play for enemies. We really enjoyed using that word we say for -- for short I don't. You know the idea of someone you sort of kind of miss want to impress but still kind of have to be wary of is something I think we all kind of remember from high school reunion because. Everyone cares how they're doing in high school so much and Jamie Lee Curtis plays the popular girl in high school when you come back. With a vengeance -- roar back is a big success and ", "trust me. It's not thinking we're teaming up with  Jamie Lee Curtis  and more magazine to help you embrace the many F words yet she's in the health look it up and a. I'm  Jamie Lee Curtis  and I and the July August issue cover girl or magazine ", "it but trust me. It's not -- thinking we're teaming up with Jamie Lee Curtis and more magazine to help you embrace the many F words and life. Fun fearless and fabulous just to name a few ", "yet she's in the health look it up and a. -- I'm Jamie Lee Curtis and I and the July August issue cover girl or magazine on newsstands now. Striking some of my favorite F word poses ", "musical all good call we didn't have. Panda there even better oh my gosh Added he doesn't want to read it was  Jamie Lee Curtis  had a very interesting op on the Huff Huffington Post Maria McFarland and he posting. Oscars she was not what I am ", "oh my gosh -- Added he doesn't want to read it was Jamie Lee Curtis had a very interesting op -- on the Huff -- Huffington Post Maria McFarland and he posting. -- -- Oscars she was ", "they go to that. These are women. Where you've had movies that we must also I remember blue steel really well and  Jamie Lee Curtis  that. Police uniform before and has to offer carrying progress But. Is this in your mind that people are going to ", 'movies that we must also I remember blue steel really well and Jamie Lee Curtis that. Police uniform before and has to offer carrying progress -- But. Is this in your mind that people are going to ']