['from Willow Smith\'s new video, "Summer Fling." The daughter of "Fresh Prince" star Will Smith and actress  Jada Pinkett Smith  released her new video to YouTube last week, where it has garnered some criticism for being too suggestive. "Don\'t ', 'GO TO BED WITH MILEY CYRUS ON "JIMMY KIMMEL LIVE" AND WAKE UP WITH THE GLOBAL SUPERSTAR ON "GOOD MORNING AMERICA"', 'Stiller, Jonah Hill, Andy Samberg, Michelle Williams, Zac Efron, Charlie Sheen, Chris Pine, Jeremy Renner,  Jada Pinkett Smith , Josh Brolin, Russell Brand, Woody Harrelson and Joseph Gordon-Levitt. "Jimmy Kimmel Live," broadcasts from ', 'you man. Don\'t let anybody ruin that." MORE:  Jada Pinkett Smith \'s Message to \'Media Bullies\'" In "After Earth has a daughter, Willow, with his wife, actress  Jada Pinkett Smith . Smith also has a son, Trey, from a previous marriage ', 'carefully orchestrated path to not merely fame, but super stardom. As the son of two big bold names -- Will Smith and  Jada Pinkett Smith  -- 14-year-old Jaden has a leg-up in the movie and music industries. The sci-fi bomb After Earth has been ', "secret that Jaden Smith and Kylie Jenner have been spending time together. But in a new interview, Will Smith and  Jada Pinkett - Smith 's 14-year-old son says that, despite reports and what people think, he and Kim Kardashian's 15-year-old ", 'Jada Pinkett Smith  made headlines of her own last month by defending young stars like Bieber. He\'s Justin Bieber. He\'s got the whole world." WATCH:  Jada Pinkett Smith  Defends Bieber Against \'Media Bullies\' Pinkett Smith posted her ', 'Scooter Braun, Bieber\'s manager, insists the young pop star is fine, but he tweeted a link to an essay that  Jada Pinkett Smith , mother of Justin\'s buddy Jaden Smith, wrote, titled, "Are We Bullying Our Young Artists?" In the essay ', 'Gotcha Images / Splash News Jaden Smith, the actor and son of Will and  Jada Pinkett -  Smith , is being linked to reality star Kylie Jenner, daughter of Bruce and Kris Jenner. A source told US Weekly that the two 14-year-olds ', "Will Smith and  Jada Pinkett - Smith  are among the new names on the updated list of fundraisers released today by the remnants of President Obama's reelection campaign ", 'season by becoming the Oscars\' youngest-ever actress nominee. "Annie" will be produced by Will Smith, his wife  Jada Pinkett Smith  and rapper Jay-Z. It will hit theaters during the 2014 holiday season. RELATED: Oscars 2013: Best Moments From ', 'Rumer Willis, who was featured in her mom\'s 1996 film "Striptease." Actor Will Smith and his actress wife,  Jada Pinkett Smith , are the parents of Willow, who is making her mark in the music business as a singer. Their actor son, Jaden ', "talk show from 1999 to 2001, is returning to the format next fall with some big name producers, including Will and  Jada Pinkett Smith  and Sony Pictures. It's not clear what the show's approach will be yet, but judging by Latifah's impressive ", "We are back now at 7:42 with actress  jada pinkett smith  on the offensive with blistering comments aimed at missteps crossing the line into bullying? That's what  jada pinkett smith  is asking taking the media to task in a new facebook ", "We are back now at 7:42 with actress jada pinkett smith on the offensive with blistering comments aimed at the media. Will smith's wife coming out and defending young celebs like justin bieber ", 'coverage of young celebrity missteps crossing the line into bullying? That\'s what jada pinkett smith is asking taking the media to task in a new facebook post titled "are we our young artists" she posted it on ', "that one of the hottest couples in Hollywood. It's calling it quits according in the magazine we'll Smith and  Jada Pinkett Smith  are separating after thirteen years of marriage. The couple have two children together Jada and will both of whom ", "Hollywood. It's calling it quits according in the magazine we'll Smith and Jada Pinkett Smith are separating after thirteen years of marriage. The couple have two children together Jada and will both of whom. There's a big ", "I don't know if it's children doing the search but anyway that's getting a lot of searches and the actress  Jada Pinkett Smith . Makes the list like most celebrities who find themselves on the Google list because of folk pop. Pinkett Smith ", "search but anyway that's getting a lot of searches and the actress Jada Pinkett Smith . Makes the list -- like most celebrities who find themselves on the Google list because of folk pop. Pinkett Smith makes the ", 'Amy.  Jada pinkett smith  wears many hats, an actress, writer, producer, director, wife You did something right. You\'ve done a lot of things right.  Jada pinkett smith , thank you very much. said, "free angela and all other political ', 'Amy. Jada pinkett smith wears many hats, an actress, writer, producer, director, wife and mother to her two children. Her latest passion project executive producing a ', 'role. You did something right. You\'ve done a lot of things right. Jada pinkett smith , thank you very much. said, "free angela and all other political prisoners" opens this friday in selected theaters around the country. ', 'And a good time would  Jada Pinkett Smith  he is just like any mom the ultimate. Multi tasker you have reign over me which opens on Friday and  Jada Pinkett Smith . It is those so that this took little time with ', "And a good time would Jada Pinkett Smith he is just like any mom the ultimate. Multi tasker as Dianne says we lover up on the big screen -- you know she's a singer and heavy metal -- that you know. He's also -- activists and now on a new movie with Hollywood stars Adam chance ambler. And time -- -- course she has a few town and headed home as well as the greatest looking need to. -- and another proud of what you have reign over me which opens on Friday and Jada Pinkett Smith . It is those so that this took little time with -- you've been so gracious with our audience who brought them. You ", "answered it certainly would be at a few more camera shots so vaccine that's for certain at our switch gears now  Jada Pinkett Smith . And Will Smith I was completely blown away when I heard about this because this seems like such a solid couple ", "camera shots so vaccine that's for certain at our switch gears now Jada Pinkett Smith . And Will Smith I was completely blown away when I heard about this because this seems like such a solid couple they've "]