['  (CNN) -- Former South African President Nelson Mandela toiled for 27 years in South African prisons before gaining his freedom and leading his nation from white minority rule to full democracy. In the process, he became an international symbol of strength and hope. ', " This month he celebrates his 90th birthday with a lavish, star-studded concert in London that confirms his enduring status as a revered global icon. But his journey from young protester to political prisoner to leader of his nation has not been without heartache and personal loss. Mandela was born in 1918 in the South African village Qunu. He was the son of the chief councilor to a Thembu chief, and he soon became passionate about political reformation, founding the African National Congress Youth League in 1944 with lifelong friend Oliver Tambo. Mandela's natural leadership skills pushed him front and center during the ANC's 1952 Defiance Campaign, which urged South African citizens not to cooperate with certain laws deemed discriminatory. ", "Key dates in Mandela's life1918 -- Born Nelson Rolihlahla Mandela, in Qunu, near Umtata, Transkei; eldest son of a Thembu chief. 1964 -- Mandela and seven others sentenced to life imprisonment on Robben Island, off Cape Town. 1990 -- President F.W. de Klerk lifts ban on the African National Congress and frees Mandela. 1994 -- Mandela wins first all-races general election and becomes South Africa's first black president. 1996 -- He wins divorce from Winnie, whom he said cheated on him and caused him embarrassment and anguish. 1997 -- Mandela hands leadership of ANC to Deputy President Thabo Mbeki in first stage of phased transfer of power.", " On Mandela's 80th birthday he wed his 52-year-old companion, Graca Machel, from Mozambique at a private ceremony in his home in Johannesburg, South Africa. He danced at the double celebration surrounded by his grandchildren, family and close friends.", "Top NewsSenators 'troubled' after Rice meetingBergen: Senseless Benghazi obsession "]