['or Movie: Sarah Paulson, "American Horror Story: Asylum," FX Networks; Imelda Staunton, "The Girl," HBO;  Ellen Burstyn , "Political Animals," USA; Charlotte Rampling, "Restless," Sundance Channel; Alfre Woodard, "Steel Magnolias ', 'break, Lenora! Take it. Fran Recommends: With all the free time you\'ll now have this holiday season, check out  Ellen Burstyn \'s book, "Lessons In Becoming Myself". I think you\'ll enjoy it. You can get it really cheap at http://half ', "a reading of the script at his house. On that first occasion, Bogdanovich said something surprising: he thought  Ellen Burstyn  and Eileen Brennan and I were interchangeable, we could all play each other's parts. He asked Ellen first which ", "a reading of the script at his house. On that first occasion, Bogdanovich said something surprising: he thought  Ellen Burstyn  and Eileen Brennan and I were interchangeable, we could all play each other's parts. He asked Ellen first which ", "Actress Supporting Role (1954 On the Waterfront) The great Martin Scorsese directed 5 actors to an Oscar win: 1)  Ellen Burstyn  - Best Actress (1974 Alice Doesn't Live Here Anymore) 2) Robert De Niro - Best Actor (1980 Raging Bull) 3 ", 'Forty-Year-Old Virgin" star Elizabeth Banks as Laura Bush, "Babe" star James Cromwell as George Bush Sr. and  Ellen Burstyn  as Barbara Bush. Though the movie is scheduled for release in 2009, there is a chance that it might be pushed up ', "Nicholas Cage and  Ellen Burstyn  -- some serious star power for the remake of an odd, cultish (figuratively and literally) low-budget '70s British horror ", "has not been screened for critics, the island where Cage looks for a missing child has a female leader -- played by  Ellen Burstyn  -- and they live in a society that's been isolated from the contemporary world, without cars, TVs or any modern ", 'films haven\'t been totally snubbed. Robert De Niro ("Raging Bull"), Paul Newman ("The Color of Money") and  Ellen Burstyn  ("Alice Doesn\'t Live Here Anymore") have won Oscars for their work in Scorsese films. Still, Scorsese\'s overall ', "this week for an open casting call. The ideal candidates are African-American boys between the ages of 12 and 15  Ellen Burstyn , who starred in the original Exorcist, says she's writing a memoir called Lessons on Becoming Myself. Burstyn ", 'from favorites like Harry Winston and Fred Leyton.  Ellen Burstyn  sparkled in a bedazzling multi-carat necklace with matching showed such little discretion that he would chase after  Ellen Burstyn  if she had 20 more years and 30 more pounds on her ', 'the winners, including Lee and actors Javier Bardem,  Ellen Burstyn , and Willem Dafoe, were also some of those in contention in the impressionist biopic Before Night Falls, and  Ellen Burstyn  won the Female Lead category as a drug-addicted senior ', 'For awhile there it was a one way ticket to winning and Emmy if you were half. She had Robin Williams Carol Burnett  Ellen Burstyn  Cynthia Nixon and nine times out of ten they got an Emmy for it. I think that this show has given survivors so much ', 'if you were -- -- half. She had Robin Williams Carol Burnett Ellen Burstyn Cynthia Nixon and nine times out of ten they got an Emmy for it. -- -- I think that this show has ']