['favorite guests, including Don Rickles, Jay Leno, Steve Martin, Jerry Seinfeld, Betty White, David Letterman and  Ellen DeGeneres  in one of her first TV appearances. Roughly half the material has never been available before in any form of home ', 'Credit: Facebook) When the inspirational teenage cancer patient who became an honorary CoverGirl with help from  Ellen DeGeneres  died earlier this week, supporters flooded the Internet with well-wishes. Now, those fans are honoring Talia ', 'bucket list" of dreams and goals, including running a successful campaign that got her an appearance on "The  Ellen DeGeneres  Show." Talia Joy was extraordinarily wise and mature and was straight-forward when she updated her followers on ', "Talia Castellano,  Ellen DeGeneres ' Cover Girl, Dead at 13 The inspirational teen cancer patient became an honorary Cover Girl, with the help of talk-show host  Ellen DeGeneres , has died. She was 13. The Florida teen who lost her hair ", 'at People magazine told ABC News in March. Mayer finally confirmed the breakup during an April appearance on "The  Ellen DeGeneres  Show" but did not divulge details. "Listen, it was a very private relationship going in. It was a private relationship ', 'Alison Lundergan Grimes Gets Harsh Welcome To Kentucky Senate Race From McConnell Campaign', "Grimes's tendency to refer to herself in the third person. (It also features Grimes's disembodied head pasted on  Ellen DeGeneres 's body dancing with President Obama). The nearly two-minute farce is also a play on a television ad produced ", 'photo of baby Lincoln here "[Motherhood is] actually better than I expected," the "Veronica Mars" star told  Ellen DeGeneres  recently. "It\'s pretty wonderful, yeah. It\'s a lot of fun."', 'gotten better in recent years as Americans have met gay neighbors and lesbian co-workers. Well-known figures like  Ellen DeGeneres  are also "very influential" in conveying the fact that LGBT couples and families do the same things as opposite-sex ', 'include being able to hold a headstand for at least 10 minutes, serious yoga proficiency and having celebrities like  Ellen DeGeneres  and Oprah Winfrey on speed dial. The company "love(s) that our stores and social media teams are not afraid to ', 'the years . Now under the care of her grandmother, 83-year-old Katherine Jackson, Paris has appeared on "The  Ellen DeGeneres  Show," where she spoke of her desire to become an actress, and granted an interview to Oprah Winfrey, where she ', 'the years . Now under the care of her grandmother, 83-year-old Katherine Jackson, Paris has appeared on "The  Ellen DeGeneres  Show," where she spoke of her desire to become an actress, and granted an interview to Oprah Winfrey, where she ', "Michael Jackson's daughter Paris is opening up to  Ellen DeGeneres . In an interview that airs Thursday Jackson says that. She and her Brothers now we relatively normal life a far cry from when ", "Michael Jackson's daughter Paris is opening up to Ellen DeGeneres . In an interview that airs Thursday -- Jackson says that. She and her Brothers now we -- relatively normal life a far ", "ellen DeGeneres  might be for addicted to decorating than me. HER AND portia DeRossi later for close to 20. Santa barbara is the greatest place on earth.  ellen DeGeneres , you are my decorating hero. Give him cpr. I'm sure they'll ", 'ellen DeGeneres might be for addicted to decorating than me. HER AND portia DeRossi have done it again, reportedly closed on another home, this ', 'for close to 20. Santa barbara is the greatest place on earth. ellen DeGeneres , you are my decorating hero. Give him cpr. I\'m sure they\'ll have you over, josh. Oh, my. Coming up in "pop news" ', 'Twitter boards were celebrating the  Ellen DeGeneres  and her sitcom changed history unknown fifteen years ago. Look at  Ellen DeGeneres  today. talk show Forbes magazine open. And did And so we choose  Ellen DeGeneres  concluded a reminder of the fifteen ', "In fact all week -- the Twitter boards were celebrating the -- Ellen DeGeneres and her sitcom changed history. As you'll see I sat down with her right before the seismic coming out episode in which ", 'Susan. -- -- Step into the unknown fifteen years ago. Look at Ellen DeGeneres today. -- -- talk show Forbes magazine -- is one of the most powerful people in Hollywood. And that seems company JC ', 'to live in the open. And did -- And so we choose Ellen DeGeneres concluded a reminder of the fifteen year anniversary of the message boards lit up as we said they said. Thank you for ', "you know leadership was all going home to store insists is some. cool costumes that were out their starting with  Ellen DeGeneres . She came in at this is nearly she as Sophia Garrett is exposed. But she thinks that's that is what she dressed ", "insists is some. -- cool costumes that were out their starting with Ellen DeGeneres . She came in at this is nearly -- she -- -- as Sophia -- Garrett is exposed. But she thinks that's that ", 'You\'re not watching a new episode of "friends." Court. Lisa! It\'s jennifer. Reporter: For an appearance ON " ellen DeGeneres  show," jennifer aniston, rounded up some of her oldest friends for a men knew reunion of sorts. We\'re friends ', 'episode of "friends." Court. Lisa! It\'s jennifer. Reporter: For an appearance ON " ellen DeGeneres show," jennifer aniston, rounded up some of her oldest friends for a men knew reunion of sorts. We\'re friends. That was a ', 'you American Idol last night  Ellen DeGeneres  made her debut she was joining Simon Randy and at Judge an American Idol In the run up to the inaugural  Ellen DeGeneres  American Idol appearance there was all this talk of ', "-- -- you -- American Idol last night Ellen DeGeneres made her debut she was joining Simon Randy and -- at the judges' table Dan Harris was watching. Judge an American Idol -- In the run up to the inaugural Ellen DeGeneres American Idol appearance there was all this talk of tension between her and her -- judge. Simon Cowell talks fueled by this "]