['conservative business tycoon, "Bob Roberts," running for the Senate, singing folk songs up and down the campaign trail.  Alan Rickman  is his political shepherd. And Gore Vidal, somehow, plays his opponent. (Note a young Jack Black cameo at the ', 'the stars are dressed in black-tie attire with \'80s hair styles to match. British actor and "Harry Potter" star  Alan Rickman  stands next to Fonda and plays Ronald Reagan in the film. Daniels has gathered a cadre of celebrities to star in his ', "office anyway? What's more, who wants to give up their life to work for the person who wants to run for office?  Alan Rickman 's shady svengali is at the center of the evil parts of the film. It veers into the fanciful towards the end, but ", 'Tiananmen Square was quiet and nearly empty on the first day of his trip: Famous Birthdays 1925 Sam Peckinpah 1946  Alan Rickman  1952 Jeff Shaara 1955 Kelsey Grammer 1958 Jack Coleman 1961 Christopher Atkins 1962 Chuck Palahniuk 1962 David Foster ', 'Adams calls it "the Harry Potter Syndrome." "Everybody has seen \'Harry Potter,\' their kids have seen it, and yet  Alan Rickman  cannot get a nomination for best supporting actor," she said. That disconnection between the massively popular films ', "It's a summer Friday, and some of the topics Twitter listed as trending showed a pattern: Neville Longbottom ...  Alan Rickman  ... Gryffindor -- you get the idea. People were commenting on the new Harry Potter film. So there we are, tweeting ", "sons and mother-in-law, Vanessa Redgrave. Other stars at the funeral include actor Ralph Fiennes, Uma Thurman,  Alan Rickman  and Laura Linney. Fiennes, Thurman and Linney also attended Richardson's wake. A day before her funeral, some wondered ", "couple of scenes. Though not a new face, but another understated one, was the endearing Severus Snape, played by  Alan Rickman . Rickman's ability to master the art of creepy and lovable puts him among the acting elite. His scenes packed enough ", 'Die Hard\' had one of the best villains of all time in  Alan Rickman \'s Hans Gruber," said Campea. "Darth Vader, the that\'s just an addition to what a sick pig he is.  Alan Rickman  [Hans Gruber] in \'Die Hard\' is one of the best bad ', "as an autistic woman, opens the festival, and Weaver is expected to show up on the red carpet with her co-star,  Alan Rickman . The festival's highlight is going to be the announcement of the awards: golden and silver bear statuettes weighing ", "and his friends still have to contend with snobby schoolmate Draco Malfoy (Tom Felton); creepy Professor Snape ( Alan Rickman ), who loathes Harry; and a new instructor who's both famous and absurdly conceited (Kenneth Branagh). The new ", "Hannibal film, the Silence of the Lambs prequel Red Dragon, which will likely star Hopkins again. Surprisingly,  Alan Rickman 's Sheriff of Nottingham, from Robin Hood, Prince of Thieves, took fourth place, while his Die Hard baddie, Hans ", "Hannibal film, the Silence of the Lambs prequel Red Dragon, which will likely star Hopkins again. Surprisingly,  Alan Rickman 's Sheriff of Nottingham, from Robin Hood, Prince of Thieves, took fourth place, while his Die Hard baddie, Hans ", 'Peter Travers talks to actor  Alan Rickman  about his new movie, "Bottle Shock."']