['this program simply feels inappropriate on several dimensions, especially during family viewing time." Series star  Ellen Barkin  has chastised KSL for its decision on Twitter, writing to her followers , "Anyone in Utah interested in @NBCTheNewNormal ', 'including fellow authors Beverly Cleary, Elmore Leonard, Salman Rushdie and Delia Ephron; actors Zooey Deschanel,  Ellen Barkin , Kevin Bacon and Steve Martin; journalists Frank Rich and Diane Sawyer; and musicians Rosanne Cash and Taylor Swift ', 'marries the ex-husband of main character Lynn, a sobbing, cursing, screaming mess brilliantly brought to life by  Ellen Barkin  . These two hate each other. Lynn has her mood stabilizers and LL Bean pajamas; Patty has her chestnut highlights and high ', '1982 film "Diner," where he co-starred alongside Steve Guttenberg, Daniel Stern, Mickey Rourke, Tim Daly and  Ellen Barkin . The buzz he stirred as Fenwick led to one of Bacon\'s biggest roles to date, as the foot-frenzied Ren McCormack ', '1982 film "Diner," where he co-starred alongside Steve Guttenberg, Daniel Stern, Mickey Rourke, Tim Daly and  Ellen Barkin . The buzz he stirred as Fenwick led to one of Bacon\'s biggest roles to date, as the foot-frenzied Ren McCormack ', '1982 film "Diner," where he co-starred alongside Steve Guttenberg, Daniel Stern, Mickey Rourke, Tim Daly and  Ellen Barkin . The buzz he stirred as Fenwick led to one of Bacon\'s biggest roles to date, as the foot-frenzied Ren McCormack ', 'said O magazine editor at large Gayle King. "I\'m still not very brave." "Nancy Drew had a job," said actress  Ellen Barkin . "She was the first woman I was aware of that, that she wasn\'t paid for it, but she was a woman with a purpose ', 'After more than 25 years in the business,  Ellen Barkin  is still one of Hollywood\'s leading ladies. The 53-year-old is redefining bombshell, and as the female focus in "Ocean\'s ', 'the attentions of a much-desired woman, played by  Ellen Barkin . "These guys are heading into their golden years to me," Damon said. "And the girl in this case is  Ellen Barkin . So we\'re really lucky to have her. She\'s another ', 'do it with friends, it\'s such a win. It\'s really a no-brainer," he said. In the movie, Damon goes after  Ellen Barkin  in an effort to capture a load of diamonds. "Now normally in that situation, we\'d send in Pitt, you know, Rusty ', 'to help them. And now I\'m totally involved in it, so they got me." Weintraub said cast newcomers Al Pacino and  Ellen Barkin  mixed well with the original actors. But there is one thing Weintraub and Clooney jokingly discussed. "I just said ', "Let's talk about  Ellen Barkin  now she is truly an ageless beauty at 53 years old she is redefining. Bombshell. Now she's in the new ocean's thirteen more ", "Let's talk about Ellen Barkin now she is truly an ageless beauty at 53 years old she is redefining. Bombshell. Now she's in the new ocean's thirteen ", "tiger worth millions was reportedly sold off by Sotheby's with the proceeds going to charity. And remember actress  Ellen Barkin  is very public urging of her jewels after her divorce she raked in millions at a Christie's auction. That's the ", "off by Sotheby's with the proceeds going to charity. And remember actress Ellen Barkin is very public urging of her jewels after her divorce she raked in millions at a Christie's auction. That's the way. I ", "seem to do it the humor carries over in spades to the movie where the ocean's gang takes on rivals Alpa chino and  Ellen Barkin . The gang Don clever disguises that make for some funny moments he got Brad with the hair you've got met with the ", "the movie where the ocean's gang takes on rivals Alpa chino and Ellen Barkin . The gang Don clever disguises that make for some funny moments he got Brad with the hair you've got met with the ", 'of Donna Reed and and Barbie dolls there was an intrepid. Young woman who inspired women like this Elizabeth Vargas  Ellen Barkin  Gayle King Lee Woodruff. And Cynthia McFadden. She was our perfectly dressed action hero think Lara Croft and a blue ', 'was an intrepid. Young woman who inspired women like this Elizabeth Vargas Ellen Barkin Gayle King Lee Woodruff. And Cynthia McFadden. She was our perfectly dressed action hero think Lara Croft and a blue cardigan. A ', "lovers revenge doesn't have to be violent and written statements revenge often below the in the wallets. When actress  Ellen Barkin  billionaire husband Ron Perlman called it quits after five years she struck back. Making a profit of twenty point three ", 'statements revenge often -- below the -- in the wallets. When actress Ellen Barkin -- billionaire husband Ron Perlman called it quits after five years she struck back. Making a profit of twenty point three million ']