['Tomorrow." In the dark story set in the near future, Cruise\'s character is forced to become a metal-clad soldier.  Emily Blunt  and Bill Paxton also star, and both appeared with Cruise inside the San Diego Convention Center\'s largest hall ', 'Tomorrow." In the dark story set in the near future, Cruise\'s character is forced to become a metal-clad soldier.  Emily Blunt  and Bill Paxton also star, and both appeared with Cruise inside the San Diego Convention Center\'s largest hall ', 'Sings to His \'Pretty Baby\' Before meeting Lopilato, Buble had gone through a very public break-up with actress  Emily Blunt , something Buble was candid about. The two had started dating in 2005 and split in 2008, which Buble said was "devastating ', "Jason Segel is Tom and  Emily Blunt  is Violet, a newly-engaged couple living in San Francisco. They're in the throes of planning a wedding when Violet is accepted ", 'no link between stuttering and IQ. 9. There is no cure for stuttering. 10. Famous stutterers: James Earl Jones,  Emily Blunt , Marilyn Monroe and Moses. Sources: National Stuttering Association ; Stuttering Foundation of America', "threatens, O'Connor wards against frizz with FULL by Living Proof's thickening cream. It's the product that  Emily Blunt  and Leona Lewis put in their hair before hitting January's Golden Globes -- when the rain came pouring over the red ", 'stuttering. The spotlight also fell on British film actress  Emily Blunt  and the New York City-born TD Ameritrade brokerage Stuttering, New York City; Sam Waterston, actor;  Emily Blunt , actor; Joe Moglia, chairman, TD Ameritrade, New ', "world's most dangerous territory. Sunshine Cleaning Whom it's for: Chick-flick fans, with dark sides. The story:  Emily Blunt  (the snarky fashionista assistant in The Devil Wears Prada) and Amy Adams (the perky star of Enchanted) play struggling ", 'tabloid trash. Entertainment Weekly\'s Collis pointed out three young women poised to become senior sex symbols:  Emily Blunt , who recently won a Golden Globe for the TV movie "Gideon\'s Daughter"; Rachel Weisz, who has made the transition ', "The film takes a look at a guy named Jack who still mourning the death of his brother his best and iris played by  Emily Blunt . Let stay at her family's cabin to get away from at all only people themselves somehow intertwined in the lives of ", "mourning the death of his brother his best and iris played by Emily Blunt . Let -- stay at her family's cabin to get away from at all only people themselves somehow intertwined in the lives of ", "Doesn't mean the path it's always been a smooth one. Nearly five years ago after a long relationship he and actress  Emily Blunt  called it quits teeth Something teen brutally candid about. The breakup was the best and worst thing that ever happen ", 'one. Nearly five years ago after a long relationship he and actress Emily Blunt called it quits -- teeth -- Something teen brutally candid about. The breakup was the best and worst thing that ever happen ', "to the Now he's getting it right once again for his new film of the five year engagement starring Jason Segal and  Emily Blunt . The men will were us. And in that case all eligible Christians will be sort of commute communion but we're gonna ", 'his new film of the five year engagement starring Jason Segal and Emily Blunt . -- -- The men will were -- us. And in that case all eligible Christians will be sort of commute communion but ', 'stars. Not anytime in the field this week asked that I saw adjustment bureau this new romantic voter Matt Damon and  Emily Blunt  aspiring politician. They kind of in this bathroom have a weird situation in their lives instant chemistry there between ', 'I saw -- adjustment bureau this new romantic voter Matt Damon and Emily Blunt -- -- aspiring politician. They kind of -- in this bathroom have a weird situation in their lives instant chemistry there between ', "The poll is adorable. Not at liberty high value of cool it affected eleven's locust. Matt Damon hangs out here  Emily Blunt  Pete Wentz are a partridge from the hills sees little cocktails here. In this quintessential New York that a beautiful ", "it affected -- eleven's locust. -- -- Matt Damon hangs out here Emily Blunt Pete Wentz are -- a partridge from the hills sees little cocktails here. In this quintessential New York that a beautiful property ", "showdown between I I think is gonna take Let's move best performance by an actress in the drama category abacus to  Emily Blunt  young. Sandra Bullock the blind side Helen Mirren last station carrying knowledge in an education. And needs to her ", 'best -- performance by an actress in the drama category abacus to Emily Blunt young. -- Sandra Bullock the blind side Helen Mirren last station carrying knowledge in an education. And -- needs to -- her ']