['The "Juno" star has become the target of a series of violent online death threats.', 'Making an appearance on as an was Juno  Ellen Page . year old actress mocked among other things the rumors speculation that she might be okay. It just it acted out stereo typically ', 'Making an appearance on as an -- was Juno Ellen Page . -- -- -- year old actress mocked among other things the rumors -- -- speculation that she might be okay. It just ', "Ellen Page . Jason Reitman touted quote wealth to those people that haven't seen they say action Juno is. The story of a sixteen year old girl played by  Ellen Page . Who gets pregnant and decides to give her baby up for adoption and the ", "Ellen Page . Jason Reitman touted quote wealth to those people that haven't seen sooner that we should start by having one of the least ", 'Juno is. The story of a sixteen year old girl played by Ellen Page . Who gets pregnant and decides to give her baby up for adoption and the movie follows -- should ship with. The two ', "webcast to move your view we chosen will be called smart people because we like the title in because like the lead actress  Ellen Page  so is it any good. Take a look. I'm that's O'Connor from the Los Angeles Times and I'm here to talk about the ", "because we like the title in because -- like the lead actress Ellen Page so is it any good. Take a look. I'm -- that's O'Connor from the Los Angeles Times and I'm here to talk ", "melting a little. Giving Cleveland fans He spurred some sweet revenge and here's Good Morning America news anchor Josh  Ellen Page  I Ann Akers has nothing on the James after all for. Last night it was just an NBA title one by the Dallas Mavericks ", "spurred some sweet revenge and here's Good Morning America news anchor Josh Ellen Page I Ann Akers has nothing on the -- James after all for. Last night it was just an NBA title one by ", "really have. All mankind. Yeah. Kidd has so good well he he has the U. What I wanted to know you've played with  Ellen Page  in you play I don't know prisoners and the the character Sebastian T but he's he's just terrific but I'm wondering ", "has -- the U. What I wanted to know you've played with Ellen Page in -- you play -- -- I don't know prisoners and the the character Sebastian T but he's -- he's just terrific ", 'musical comedy Amy Adams for enchanted Nikki blond ski Helena Bonham Carter Marion Allard apple have that right. And  Ellen Page  and actor Johnny Depp Ryan Gosling Tom Hanks Philip Seymour Hoffman and John C. Reilly. Amy Adams is adorable and chanted ', 'ski Helena Bonham Carter Marion -- Allard apple have that right. And Ellen Page and actor Johnny Depp Ryan Gosling Tom Hanks Philip Seymour Hoffman and John C. Reilly. Amy Adams is adorable and chanted yes ', 'anticipated soundtrack. The coming of age film as though eccentric and emotional as director Jason treatment dies actor  Ellen Page  through the nuances of unplanned teenage pregnancy. So with audiences are looking for an album with humor and death ', 'film as though eccentric and emotional as director Jason treatment dies actor Ellen Page through the nuances of unplanned teenage pregnancy. So with audiences are looking for an album with humor and death -- like Cat ', 'Elizabeth the golden age. Julie Christie in away from her. on coty are in beyond rose. Laura Linney and the savages. And  Ellen Page  in Juno. The nominees for best performance by an actor in a leading role are. George Clooney in Michael Clayton. Daniel ', 'coty are in -- beyond rose. Laura Linney and the savages. And Ellen Page in Juno. The nominees for best performance by an actor in a leading role are. George Clooney in Michael Clayton. Daniel Day-Lewis ', "sent me the screenplay and and I found out later that  Ellen Page  has pageants and you know Jason that she thought we'll peaches. How do you have an opportunity to hang out with  Ellen Page . A little bit little bit and that are at a few events ", "she sent me the screenplay and and I found out later that Ellen Page has pageants and you know -- Jason -- that she thought we'll be peaches was -- genome atlas continuing. Jason asked in the house anybody heard -- these casinos -- yeah it's a few years ago she painted a picture my boyfriend's -- -- get in touch with him. It's really amazing a couple of years ago I spoke to Alan page -- he's doing a movie called hard candy desperate underground music triple. -- -- she's an amazing yet so we're talking about music back then and she mentioned the moldy peaches. How do you have an opportunity to hang out with Ellen Page . A little bit little bit and that are at a few events I was on set when they when they shop that's ", "this time. Julie Christie away from her she's playing somebody alzheimer's disease and in a very young actress.  Ellen Page  in Juno. Can she take it away from the better. But and this is even three since there was an actress Marion Cotillard ", "her she's playing somebody alzheimer's disease and in a very young actress. Ellen Page in Juno. Can she take it away from the better. But -- and this is even three -- since there was an ", "replica version. The replica version was presented to all of the nominees for best actress category so Laura Linney and  Ellen Page  and Julie Christie There's. And then the and is being auctioned off on date for the benefit of a Sierra so it's ", "all of the nominees for best actress category so Laura Linney and Ellen Page and Julie Christie -- There's. And then the -- and is being auctioned off on -- date for the benefit of a ", "jets Elizabeth Julie Christie. In a way from her courtyard levee and rose playing it is Laura Linney in the savages  Ellen Page . Young Canadian deaths and you know your fellow Canadians. Way to and I hope there's there's a chance she could ", "levee and rose playing it is -- Laura Linney in the savages Ellen Page . Young Canadian deaths and you know your fellow Canadians. Way to -- and -- I hope there's there's a chance she could ", "Google today. have a review of the new movie starring  Ellen Page  smart people all that more coming up. We're Begin because we like title in because we like the lead actress  Ellen Page  so is it any good. Take a look. I'm O'Connor from ", "today. -- have a review of the new movie starring -- -- Ellen Page smart people all that more coming up. We're -- Begin -- exclusive interview with President Bush. At the end of another difficult ", "because we like -- title in because we like the lead actress Ellen Page so is it any good. Take a look. I'm -- -- O'Connor from the Los Angeles Times and I'm here to talk "]