['Ian McKellan, Patrick Stewart, Halle Berry, Anna Paquin, Jennifer Lawrence, Michael Fassbender, James McEvoy,  Ellen Page , Peter Dinklage, Hugh Jackman and others made for an impressive panel. Director Bryan Singer also gave fans a first ', 'Ian McKellan, Patrick Stewart, Halle Berry, Anna Paquin, Jennifer Lawrence, Michael Fassbender, James McEvoy,  Ellen Page , Peter Dinklage and Hugh Jackman made for an impressive panel. Director Bryan Singer also gave fans a first look at ', 'racism isnt a massive problem, that the oppression of minorities is not a horrific and systemic issue. U R in denial. -  Ellen Page  (@EllenPage) July 14, 2013 How do I explain this to my young boys???? - THREE (@DwyaneWade) July 14, 2013 ', '(Photo credit: @z_al/Twitter) Alexander Skarsgard and  Ellen Page  have been traveling together to promote their thriller, "The East" - and based on a newly released photo, it seems they\'re ', 'set. Many of the stars from the 2011 "X-Men" film will also return, including Hugh Jackman, Michael Fassbender,  Ellen Page , and Lawrence\'s ex Nicholas Hoult, with whom she was recently spotted having dinner . "X-Men: Days of Future ', 'Twitter user made frequent references to his or her "hit list," making threats against many celebrities, including  Ellen Page  , Perez Hilton, Wendy Williams and several members of the Kardashian family.', "NYPD Battles Twitter for Identity of User Promising Violence 'Just Like in Aurora'", 'Twitter user makes frequent references to his or her "hit list," making threats against many celebrities, including  Ellen Page  , Perez Hilton, Wendy Williams and several members of the Kardashian family.', 'were sent via Twitter against "Juno" actress  Ellen Page . "I\'m going to murder  Ellen Page . She\'s dead," one message read, according to the gossip website TMZ . " Ellen Page  if you continue to date Alexander [Skarsgard ', "and introduces him to his girlfriend (played by Greta Gerwig), who reminds Jack that her actress friend, Monica ( Ellen Page ), is coming to town, having just broken up with her boyfriend. John tries to warn Jack about Monica - it's everything ", 'Foster Wallace 1963 William Baldwin 1964 Mark Kelly 1977 Owen King 1979 Jennifer Love Hewitt 1986 Charlotte Church 1987  Ellen Page  1987 Ashley Greene 1989 Corbin Bleu 1989 Scout Taylor-Compton View more videos from This Month in History: February ', "dorky and a goody-goody like Elizabeth, so she should be played by someone on the mousier, tomboyish side, like  Ellen Page . Amy Sutton Amy Sutton was Elizabeth's bestie in middle school, but then she moved away, turned into a snotty snob ", 'In the movie " Juno ," a pregnant  Ellen Page  makes the brave decision to have her baby and give it to a woman unable to have children of her own. While such a sympathetic ', "Dream Experts Say 'Inception's' Conception of the Subconscious Isn't Far From Science", "Text1 plain Frightening times now for  ellen page , one of hollywood'sdown stars Reporter: At just 20 years old,  ellen page  got a huge following after the star side of fame. I'm going to murder  ellen page . She's dead. A tweet posted by ", 'Test Text1 plain Frightening times now for ellen page , one of hollywood\'sdown stars. She\'s become a focus of death threats on twitter. She\'s turned to the los angeles police for help. Linsey davis has the story. Reporter: At just 20 years old, ellen page got a huge following after the star of "juno." I\'m pregnant. Who\'s the father? Reporter: There\'s an increasingly dark side of fame. I\'m going to murder ellen page . She\'s dead. A tweet posted by a crazed fan a few weeks ago. We have seen stalkers not only make threats but carry them out. Reporter: Tmz stays star called the police and the lapd is now on the case. Investigating threatening tweets from two accounts. Tweets like ellen page , if you continue to date alexander, i will kill you in public in the next year. At a club, a game, at ', 'Making an appearance on as an was Juno  Ellen Page . year old actress mocked among other things the rumors speculation that she might be okay. It just it acted out stereo typically ', 'Making an appearance on as an -- was Juno Ellen Page . -- -- -- year old actress mocked among other things the rumors -- -- speculation that she might be okay. It just ', "Ellen Page . Jason Reitman touted quote wealth to those people that haven't seen they say action Juno is. The story of a sixteen year old girl played by  Ellen Page . Who gets pregnant and decides to give her baby up for adoption and the ", "Ellen Page . Jason Reitman touted quote wealth to those people that haven't seen sooner that we should start by having one of the least ", 'Juno is. The story of a sixteen year old girl played by Ellen Page . Who gets pregnant and decides to give her baby up for adoption and the movie follows -- should ship with. The two ', "webcast to move your view we chosen will be called smart people because we like the title in because like the lead actress  Ellen Page  so is it any good. Take a look. I'm that's O'Connor from the Los Angeles Times and I'm here to talk about the ", "because we like the title in because -- like the lead actress Ellen Page so is it any good. Take a look. I'm -- that's O'Connor from the Los Angeles Times and I'm here to talk ", "melting a little. Giving Cleveland fans He spurred some sweet revenge and here's Good Morning America news anchor Josh  Ellen Page  I Ann Akers has nothing on the James after all for. Last night it was just an NBA title one by the Dallas Mavericks ", "spurred some sweet revenge and here's Good Morning America news anchor Josh Ellen Page I Ann Akers has nothing on the -- James after all for. Last night it was just an NBA title one by "]