['And the royal rubber ducky. Here with cate blanchett.  The oscar -winner has played so many iconic roles, including queen elizabeth, katherine hepburn, and bob dilley. And in the new woody ', 'And the royal rubber ducky. Here with cate blanchett. The oscar -winner has played so many iconic roles, including queen elizabeth, katherine hepburn, and bob dilley. And in the new woody allen film, "blue ', "year of the  Oscars  and by the named the 85  best picture . Maybe handed its  best picture Oscar  until almost in 1968.  Academy Award  at its best language  Oscar  to war and Sunday's  best actress  nominee who president tallest  best actor  winner total of 24  nominations . winds so her first  Oscar  at 85 quill 85 annual  Academy Awards  airs Sunday ", "oldest ever nominee but actually this is the 85 year of the Oscars and by the end of the -- Sunday one of these nine films. Will be named the 85 best picture . Maybe. Because in 2002 beautiful mind wasn't handed its best picture Oscar until almost 1 AM eastern the following morning four hours and 23 minutes after the show began. If you think that's law in 1968. Academy Award at its best foreign language Oscar to war and peace. The 14140. Page novel turned film -- nearly seven hours long. Could see the shortest best picture winner Marty almost five times that same stretch. Speaking of short Sunday's -- -- best actress nominee who -- and -- Wallace stood around three feet tall when she shot her film beasts of the southern wild. That's less than three times the height of the statue she might win. On the flip side two time winner Daniel Day-Lewis stands six foot two playing slightly taller sixteenth president -- tallest best actor winner. The duke John weigh just over six for not counting -- This year Lincoln leads the pack with twelve loves to shy of -- record holder Titanic but that doesn't mean Lincoln is a shoo in for best picture . The most nominated film wins best picture only 67%. Of the time and no actor has ever -- for playing -- president. -- get the edge well being part of Hollywood's first families. -- now. This war. The Coppola's. With the Roman -- -- for co -- US kingdom this year six members of the famous family received a total of 24 nominations . -- winds so why all the numbers finally stack up. Will a manual -- when her first Oscar at 85 -- quill pens and they want lists her first at just nine. Can ultra low budget beasts beat budget buster -- Will Denzel would the second is best actor Spielberg his third for director John Williams -- six for a musical score. For that need to know these up 85 seven. And -- Because the 85 annual Academy Awards airs Sunday seventies. For the west only on ABC. ", 'course is the  Academy Award  joining us about the  Oscars  and in New movie win for  best picture  that had nominated for  best director  the last deserved a  best picture  And moving winner of the  best actress  this is it choice for  the Academy Awards  he lives the best  Oscar  host ever announced winning  best picture  she goes ', 'lot of people were expecting that he would be the choice for the Academy Awards he lives. -- -- -- -- -- I thought he did great at cutting its funny he -- a -- -- to ', "countdown to the  Oscars  is on we're us their  Academy Award  predictions will win  best picture  but things like  best director  best cinematographer possible  best actress  it's been money in  the Oscar  pool but 25 cents  nominations  kind of split winning that  best actress . Son I gotta Christian  Oscar  win like go quickly  best actor . without can watch  the Academy Awards  at 8 PM eastern ", "you know she has a better chance of winning that -- -- best actress -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- Son I gotta say Christian bet that knowledge that could certainly happen -- -- setting in presence Eric. That's actually -- that could happen and it's funny and best supporting actor you've got to performance like Geoffrey Rush which is also virtually -- -- But this year it just seems like it's Christian -- Oscar win like a little pat on the back for tremendous career starting from him as a child actor all the way up till now and I and it says W come from Boston I had to say He nails the Boston accent and a waiting almost never hear film he's really incredible before we go quickly best actor -- without -- -- I mean he's phenomenal -- it's kind of movie that the academy loves. He didn't -- lost you for single man when He was up against Jeff Bridges -- did when he's up against Jeff Bridges against the true grit. I think it's his. Night it was Chris ten seconds it Wilson. It will snow in Los Angeles before Colin -- loses this award -- already shattering every minute. -- right Chris -- we appreciate joining us -- to going to be a very busy man and the red carpet of course you can watch the Academy Awards at 8 PM eastern right here on ABC. ", "like it and  Oscar  night a little done. And  the Oscar  goes to Merrill For the  best actress  win for the her third  Oscar  but her first and on the  Oscars  days. For Let's thank  the Academy Awards  bestowed home five  Oscars  including  best picture . And  best director  Michel of John. This  best actor  could make up the 84  Academy Awards  steps as ", "speeches last night amazing stuff me what do you like it and Oscar night a little comedy the little controversy. Couple of heartfelt acceptance speeches done done and done. And the Oscar goes to Merrill street. So much for the streets -- broken dream. For the best actress win for the iron lady her third Oscar but her first since -- hill was born. Meryl Streep got a one way ticket out of -- -- and on the Oscars days. For this you know inexplicably wonderful career thank you so much when -- -- -- kisses. Let's thank the Academy Awards bestowed a few -- ones as news that the artist took home five Oscars including best picture . And best director Michel -- of the issue. Remove heavy heading himself. I want to thank. Iggy the dog I'm not sure you understand what -- say John. This best actor could make himself understood in any language. No surprise that a whole Lotta love for the helps Octavia Spencer the supporting actress. ", 'host of the  Oscars . If you the oldest  best actress  nominee in  Oscar  history youngest  best actress  nominee ever selected as the  best picture  nominees us at the  Oscars  Sunday February home the  Oscars . Congratulations nominated for  best director  to direct ', "beasts of the southern wild. At 85 Emmanuel -- is the oldest best actress nominee in Oscar history. Prevent -- Wallace is the youngest best actress nominee ever she's nine. And finally we are pleased to announce of the films selected as the best picture nominees for 2012. Are. Beasts of the southern wild -- Jan B Josh Penn and Michael got Walt. Producers. Silver linings playbook. ", 'To the  Oscars . And the you god.  Oscar  goes to like winning  best picture  war. and enough for  best director  but in the nominated as  best director  Lincoln would think the  best picture  that was about the  Oscars  without talking she won an  Oscar winning  on Peter that I gotta  the Academy Awards  stop an agent ', "street picked up a couple of grocery since that I gotta -- the Academy Awards -- stop an agent. I love to sit and worked on -- -- hearing you know 29 dollar bargain basement -- let's ", "times for  best director  I think it's never won  Oscars . If I out never won an  Oscar  Cary Grant never won an  Oscar . Peter O'Toole nominated for  best picture  and is thought that wins  best director . Paul Greengrass nine. Of  the Oscar winning  best pictures ", "-- -- if she should go. Somebody did a study nine. Of the Oscar winning best pictures. We're tear jokers. I there's only one movie of the five nominees. That makes you cry. So now which he ", 'move in the  Oscars . It did number of  nominations  with twelve that the  Academy Award nominations about the  nominations  for  best picture  wanted to race for  best director  I think we watching the  Oscars . Who are not saving  Oscar . Authority 85  Academy Awards  air Sunday ', "the biggest morning in Hollywood we are just moments away from the nominations for the 85 annual Academy Awards live from the academy's Samuel Goldwyn theater in Beverly Hills. First though before we go -- there for the big announcements we are joined by none other than Peter Travers film critic extraordinaire host of ABC's popcorn Peter Travers. Peter I had to get up early for 1 man on nomination morning it is you center honored I can't believe this but you know you would have been I probably would have -- -- would have been -- pajamas the big headlines are already looking at this morning. Which. Movie gets the most nominations that's the headline -- the one that does is the usual winner. So I'm going -- on -- -- here OK I think and Linkedin gets the most nominations real I think I'm saying that it could be twelve or even thirteen. Followed by -- ms. Iran because we love misery we do -- -- that only absolute -- to -- -- relate to yes Argo Ben Affleck Argo and Kathryn Bigelow zero dark thirty now you're gonna say they can nominate ten movies for best picture and you'd be right. But I'm saying there's only four movies if this contest. They've already hear those mentioned. We can alcohol ", "and let's face it. In the end. Why are people watching the Oscars . Who are you wearing wearing Jennifer Lawrence Jessica chest and what do you -- and Hathaway. What who did that come on you wait until last Steve and bring that's -- very to. Well which is why didn't want to ask who you were wearing this morning that it might not -- saving -- -- Oscar . Authority 85 Academy Awards air Sunday February 24 on ABC. And our incredible thanks to Peter Travers and -- Connolly for this this morning. -- fantastic time the insight that only he can get right here and that only you can off only here we -- site. Make sure you get your parking ticket validated when you leave it doesn't work. I think they had slept over everything Oscars . And all the day's news had -- abcnews.com. And have a great day. ", "revealing memoir Lindsay sat down with iconic TV mom and  Oscar winning  actress who shares secrets of her Shirley days. I I Oklahoma the and the music man. I didn't. Now the  Academy Award  winning actress is telling all in a new book. Shirley ", "brand new revealing memoir Lindsay sat down with iconic TV mom and Oscar winning actress who shares secrets of her Shirley -- days. I I saw also that hasn't heard of this you you -- -- ", 'was when  Academy Award nominations  went to quirky are back in  the Oscar  mix in the her first  Oscar  nomination Her second  Oscar  night ever Including  best picture . And I am hello And the  best actor  nod for you multiple  nominations  according anticipated  best actress  citation Another  best director  nod for Kathryn ', "the big question at a -- absolutely right any time was when Academy Award nominations went to quirky foreign films and up from nowhere actors. Not this year big audience pictures are back in the Oscar mix in the announcement this morning. Figures to favor movies that are -- the people by the people and for the people. If you'll pardon my French. -- to use it to -- news. -- this morning she's not the only one. Dan Hathaway lost her long hair but should -- her first Oscar nomination as supporting actress. Her second Oscar night ever for limits -- likely to get a loud chorus of nomination. Including best picture . And I am amazed by hello -- And the best actor nod for you Jack but facing stiff competition from him shall we -- These bleeding Daniel Day-Lewis originally turned down the lead in Lincoln an hour -- so they'll surely be a best actor front runner. Reading Lincoln denominations that ought to include best supporting actress for Sally Field madam president -- things Tommy Lee Jones for supporting actor and best picture -- Critically acclaimed at zero dark thirty taking its viewers inside the hunt for bin Laden should have a multiple nominations according to the location of Osama bin Laden. Most anticipated best actress citation for -- just stayed. Another best director nod for Kathryn Bigelow. Shooting he's an American spy or meanwhile and then -- -- on the third quarter -- this your first nomination for best director thanks to target. A likely academy favorite yeah. I'm probable best -- front runner and Jennifer Lawrence could well represent alongside Bradley ", "fashion on  the Oscar  red carpet 85 annual  Academy Awards . chains her first  Oscar . It's home  the Oscar  for best the car and  best director  went to Ang Lawrence won  best actress . Clearly embarrassing. And  best actor  went to Daniel waiting for  best picture . Thank everyone ", "And completed fashion on the Oscar red carpet. To host Seth MacFarlane -- red hot opening number you okay. I EA have now. Where he first mocked his own dark since -- humor. Then turned on his high for a smaller. It was an exciting kick start to the 85 annual Academy Awards . -- -- -- -- chains Christoph Waltz won best supporting actor. And best supporting actress favorite Anne Hathaway also won her first Oscar . It's just been such an honor thank you this year's show was also jammed packed with musical numbers including tributes to Chicago. -- -- -- -- -- And the fiftieth anniversary of James -- It's nightfall and -- taking home the Oscar for best original song. -- -- -- -- -- -- And I believe in the car and best director went to -- -- Ang -- Thank you will be god. Silver linings playbook Jennifer Lawrence won best actress . Clearly embarrassing. -- And best actor went to Daniel Day-Lewis. Three years ago. Before we decided to do it straight -- I have actually been -- -- to to play Margaret Thatcher. Then the award everyone was waiting for best picture . -- -- Thank everyone in the movie on the movie work on The Who did anything with this movie gets thanks. ", "Hollywood  the Academy Awards . Who's out. Our  Oscar  pools lot course is  best picture  you know that element  Oscar  voters tend trigger the  Oscars  do like in awards during  Oscar  night from Moving on to  best actress  well you that law.  Best actor  we've been ", "We are just three days away from the biggest night in Hollywood the Academy Awards Who's got away who is gonna walk away empty handed so many questions and we've brought in and -- for entertainment weekly's Clark. Cost to help us figure out. Our Oscar pools lot of work to do between -- and Clark to figure these out thanks for joining us I think you have in mind all right so let's get to that the big -- of course is best picture you know there's been a different favorite it seems like. Every week in a social network sort of started out as a hot favorite it's behind the hearing kings. Each what you got -- it's been a fascinating auspices and because you have the right it was the social network. And then true grit became a big -- so maybe there's going to be that and -- it does seem like it's going to be a law. On the kings -- lies a -- now. I think it has that element Oscar voters tend to like it in in in being -- -- of a challenge over a birthday I mean the worst thing that happens to anybody in the total network is that they win a quarter of a billion dollars. In -- I'm not sure that's that's quite and it's fun classic -- -- -- that's quite becomes -- -- -- -- to reward yeah that's probably pretty fair point on. If it's not king's speech what would you say is a potential dark horse here any the other nominees got a shot. It could be trigger -- the Oscars do like in the Coen Brothers and the Cumberland -- they've -- really made an important and close to the war on so it is -- -- they are people you can vote for 95 -- time and that choices -- is an embarrassment. Let's get to some of the other awards best supporting actress usually when in the early awards during Oscar night from an interest in category Melissa Leo from the fighter had been. An early favorite on that has that changed her ", "high and  Oscar nominees  for they another all  Academy Award  nominees Even before  Oscar  took an interest similar to his  best actor  in the social Dawson's Creek  best actress  nominee Michelle finally problem  Oscar  and can feel should be an  Oscar nominee  based on who have  nominations  like they live. all  the Oscar  winners and ", "should have been able to know that some day should be an Oscar nominee based on a work in that movie -- can you still bent on her Sunday. You flip the coin and you said she was gonna win so I'm I'm voting on your ticket I think Natalie has the they Natalie as the chance -- a Christian -- back in the day juvenile and naturally -- and -- half her. Clearly I think George has a fixation on Natalie but Christian Bale was amazing -- as a young boy. It's amazing to see those to make the transformation from child actor to -- -- used to be really rough transition for actors. That's who have -- nominations like they have shows that they've made the transition well and they could be double winners on Sunday night were forced to have it also minute thanks -- Chris 8 AM eastern starting on ABC Robbins going to be there Monday morning live. -- all the Oscar winners and highlands. ", 'With the  oscars  just a week away,  the oscar - nominated  sally field revealing what was playing behind the know. Reporter: Today, at 66, she has as many  best actress academy awards  as meryl streep does, still she was undaunted and ', 'home, mama. I know. Reporter: Today, at 66, she has as many best actress academy awards as meryl streep does, still she was undaunted and unabashed to play mary todd lincoln. Alongside daniel day-lewis in steven spielberg\'s "lincoln." ', "night's  Oscar  ceremony talk about  best actor  here Sean little private  Oscar  that was what about  best actress  Kate Winslet awards and  Oscar  history accepting  the Oscar  in her bathroom shampoo as her  Academy Award . I don't ", "comedy but it. That's the kind of of your reverence I think the Oscar show awesome needs and what about Ben Stiller. Ben Stiller has a whole career couldn't He have hosted the show He could have also done Christian Bale but his Joaquin Phoenix I think. It's probably his best performance so far in the last of -- -- that was a moment for him for sure we'll talk about best actor here Sean Penn do you want the big prize what a surprise. Well wasn't a surprise to me because you know this is an -- thing it was actually the best perform -- -- okay that's that's. What it should be but we all ahead. This feeling from -- we really did I mean this was me please come back this is the kind of thing Hollywood usually celebrates we all knew that. -- lost his dog low key after eighteen years. So I thought in my own little private Oscar -- that -- was gonna pull that off. But He didn't and the great thing about Sean Penn in that speech. Was ", "-- -- Well that was a good moment for him what about best actress Kate Winslet -- great moment on -- -- didn't -- well Kate Winslet just -- emotion I mean this was what we saw it wasn't just the idea of. Heath Ledger winning the second posthumous awards and Oscar history. But He wins and we wanted to ask you could feel that she wanted it. And Penelope Cruz had the same thing as best supporting actress but. He went -- when she told the story being eight years old and accepting the Oscar in her bathroom here. Using a bottle of shampoo as her Academy Award . I don't know that touches the heart doesn't yet that made her so real how many young girls have done that. I don't think any of them really do it she has -- graciousness to her and she also has kind of of -- -- Which is something we welcome I think though it was very strange that at the age of 33 she is one basically -- career achievement Oscar . Everybody was already so sad she'd be nominated six times and not want to come on we're gonna see Kate Winslet for ", "children whose three years old. Who I think yes custody of this Oscar when she turns eighteen you know the academy insists that you sign a Paper that He will not sell this. And until you're eighteen you can't sign that Paper so the Oscar Heath Ledger has to be held in trust until Matilda is ready to take possession. -- -- -- Very nice that's very ", "Oscar  winner. Octavia generating a lot of  Oscar  buzz it's true story of  Oscar  grant's Day 2009.  Oscars  mom Wanda thrilled to have  Academy Award  winner Octavia and video on  Oscar  whatsoever on in got  Oscar winning  parents  Oscar", 'of that Michael. Graduation continue to keep -- going on in got Oscar winning parents -- Oscar buzz. Surrounding your enemy -- a lot of by the way. And -- I think everybody and I am confident that yeah ', 'because we have  the Oscar nominations  this morning year for  best actress  for the movies actress and an  Oscar nominee  herself last selected as  best picture  nominees home with  the Oscar  it will be large at the  Oscars . Nine  nominations  each for getting a  best picture  nomination looking at the  best actress  for to oppose ', "thought that's. -- and of course are -- that because we have the Oscar nominations this morning that is the Samuel Goldwyn theater in Beverly Hills. In just a few seconds making the all important mountains will be Anne -- She was nominated last year for best actress for the movies Rachel getting married to be joined by the academy of motion pictures arts and finds president Tom -- -- ", 'of 3-D  Oscar nominated  film life our series  Oscar  confidence world of  Oscar winning  director for eleven  Academy Awards  including Oscar  for  best director . The a monster business  the Oscar  win topping Swept the  Oscars  in 2000 and you want  the Oscar  for  best picture . I wanted can watch  the Academy Awards  right here ', '-- How much you want at this time how much you want the Oscar for best picture I wanted to because only -- finishes but what the movie -- -- money meant to the world. For people who. Spent four years of their life devoting to this grand illusion and you know let it be great to win and for that I wanted to be the best pitcher of the year. -- lovely man and it just might happen you can watch the Academy Awards right here on ABC Sunday February 24. ']