['unquestioned female lead -- Luke\'s granddaughter, perhaps? And I can\'t help but notice that the star of \'Revenge,\'  Emily VanCamp , does look a bit like Natalie Portman." Pablo Hidalgo , who writes a blog for the official "Star Wars" website ', '(Kenneth Cappello/GQ)  Emily VanCamp  may play a butt-kicking socialite on ABC\'s hit drama "Revenge not say hello. But I was so anxious," she said. VIDEO:  Emily VanCamp  on \'Revenge\'s\' Success', 'Emily Deschanel, Bones Sarah Michelle Gellar, Ringer Lucy Hale, Pretty Little Liars Leighton Meester, Gossip Girl  Emily VanCamp , Revenge Choice TV Show: Fantasy/Sci-Fi Fringe Once Upon a Time Supernatural True Blood The Vampire Diaries Choice ', "brought Stacy Keibler and Kim Kardashian shoulder to shoulder along with the likes of Nicole Richie, Lisa Rinna,  Emily VanCamp , Eric Stonestreet, Gabourey Sidibe, Kimora Lee Simmons, and Beverly Johnson, who told ABCNews.com she's rooting ", 'Garcia, an assistant editor at People. "It puts stress on a relationship." Garcia noted that Dave Annable and  Emily VanCamp , actors on " Brothers and Sisters ," were also an off-screen couple who eventually broke up. Too Much Time Together ', 'And Annable retorts: "Balthazar couldn\'t handle not being best man." Both Sally Field (matriarch Nora) and  Emily VanCamp  (Rebecca) have come to set nursing colds, and producer/director Ken Olin has noticed that the other actors are ', "Olin returned to his acting roots to play a man who might be the biological father of Holly's daughter, Rebecca ( Emily VanCamp ). In one of the new episodes, viewers will learn if Olin's David or the late William Walker is the true daddy ", 'Thomas, Dave Annable as Justin, Matthew Rhys as Kevin, John Pyper-Ferguson as Joe, Sarah Jane Morris as Julia,  Emily VanCamp  as Rebecca Harper and Kerris Lilla Dorsey as Paige. Ken Olin, Jon Robin Baitz and Greg Berlanti are executive producers ', 'I had several incredible moments this year that you know I remember it. Seeing the first billboard and the show and that I on my way to work and it was just like oh my gosh she just seems. realize the magnitude of it all. And I called my mom and just kind of freaking out as crazy moment it all', 'hamptons into a bit of a hotbed of danger and drama. And  emily vancamp  is here to talk about that. So happy it\'s back full house." John stamos. You heard it here first.  Emily vancamp . Thank you for doing the "gma" "hotseat." And ', "hamptons into a bit of a hotbed of danger and drama. And emily vancamp is here to talk about that. So happy it's back, the show. Us, too. It's premiering on sunday. We're so excited. Did ", 'uncle jesse from "full house." John stamos. You heard it here first. Emily vancamp . Thank you for doing the "gma" "hotseat." And thank you for doing our guilty pleasure. We love "revenge." It\'s back, sunday nights, ', 'Emily VanCamp  plays a young woman who moves to the Hamptons in ABC\'s "Revenge."']