["after all. stuff is so boring that. Sixteen year old  Emma Roberts  plays the pivotal role of everyone's favorite sleuth opinion and Nancy Drew is how did you know that it was  Emma Roberts . He was it was a long process. We did. the old fashioned ", "-- stuff is so boring that. -- -- -- Sixteen year old Emma Roberts plays the pivotal role of everyone's favorite -- sleuth -- -- this iconic character and children's literature and people. Have a definite opinion and Nancy Drew is how did you know that it was Emma Roberts . He was it was a long process. We did. -- the old fashioned way we met with a lot of girls and ", 'Goldilocks and the bears. And my favorite costume this year, besides the one you probably won\'t see from sam,  emma roberts , channeling her aunt, in her most famous role, "pretty woman." That\'s "pop news." Sam? It\'s so nice to ', 'costume this year, besides the one you probably won\'t see from sam, emma roberts , channeling her aunt, in her most famous role, "pretty woman." That\'s "pop news." Sam? It\'s so nice to have "pop ', 'have political them playing very Blake be Samantha. Selena Gomez Selena Gomez eighteen has all night. Charlotte and  Emma Roberts  as Maria and mrs. gonna be a movie the prison and a movie we will never seen me become a TV show equal. I carry rats ', 'be Samantha. Selena Gomez Selena Gomez eighteen has all night. Charlotte and Emma Roberts as Maria and mrs. gonna be a movie the prison and a movie we will never seen me become a TV show ', "you lift. Am I don't know you got keep doing he's trying to movies and just a little movie called homework. With  Emma Roberts  in for any time more and Wilson it's just amazing cast and so you know just plugging here on role the testing settlement ", "he's trying to movies and just a little movie called homework. With Emma Roberts in for any time more and -- Wilson -- it's just amazing cast and so you know just plugging here on -- ", 'at all that important that movie would who. I I play out groups at play an inventor and actually in banks along with  Emma Roberts  character any the hotel for docs basically where What tops your child and now. Now we move into this new home with ', 'out groups at play an inventor and actually in banks along with Emma Roberts character any -- the hotel for docs basically where -- What tops your child and now. Now we move into this new ', "strawberry him. I think it's because they carry the I want to put you're young star who played during the movie  Emma Roberts  says maybe she's perfect. She does everything perfectly and that's kind of difficult to get into that character ", "want to put -- you're young star who played during the movie Emma Roberts says maybe she's -- perfect. She does everything perfectly and that's kind of difficult to get into that character and also she "]