['members of the Marines,  Navy  and the Coast Guard come READ MORE: Marines vs.  Navy  in Fleet Week Cook Off always by their side." The  Navy  and Air Force both cancelled flight demonstration teams,  the Blue Angels  and the Thunder Birds ', "SEQUESTRATION CUTS  BLUE ANGELS  SHOWS, AIR COMBAT contains some of the  Navy 's finest fliers branches. The  Navy  had warned at the mean the end of  the Blue Angels ' performances according to  Blue Angels  Cmdr. Tom Frosch ", 'branches. The  Navy  had warned at the mean the end of  the Blue Angels \' performances leading them."  The Blue Angels  normally star in efforts for the  Navy  and Marines. Frosch change in venue.  The Blue Angels  will continue to ', 'will also be sad to say goodbye to  the Blue Angels  , if sequester cuts persist, as they were slated to perform. The  Navy \'s air demonstration squadron Republican state senator said. "But if  the Blue Angels  are grounded, that\'s a highly ', "can wave bye-bye to  the Blue Angels . The  Navy 's demonstration air newspaper. But if  the Blue Angels  are grounded, that's show. But Kelly of  the Blue Angels  said the squadron's an increase to the  Navy 's transfer authority ", 'Communities Predict Teachers, Prison Guards, Elderly Will Feel Pain of Sequester Cuts', 'Comfort, Ind., was expected to feature the U.S.  Navy \'s  Blue Angels , but the team would be grounded as part of sequestration said sponsors began dropping out when news spread  the Blue Angels  might be grounded. "\'We had one $10,000 sponsor ', 'making you a better skier and enabling you to enjoy your hard-earned ski vacation." Heidi Emery, owner of  The Blue Angels , a youth ski and snowboard coaching program in Walnut Creek and Del Mar, Calif., says that many larger ski and ', "The leader of the  Navy 's celebrated  Blue Angels  flight team is stepping low-altitude stunt.  Navy  Cmdr. Dave Koss volunteered standard that makes  the Blue Angels  the exceptional organization and all members of  the Blue Angels  Team landed safely ", 'flyover during the 2008 Fleet Week. Virgin had a slightly different flight path. Travel expert Chris McGinnis watched  the Blue Angels  show from a boat in San Francisco Bay. He knew the 747 was coming -- newspapers had reported its flyover a day before ', 'using the short-text messaging service known as Twitter, pronounced the fly over by the elite naval flight squad,  the Blue Angels , "so friggin rad!" The senator\'s Twitter was more restrained: "A great day for Jack," said the elder McCain\'s ', 'using the short-text messaging service known as Twitter, pronounced the fly over by the elite naval flight squad,  the Blue Angels , "so friggin rad!" The senator\'s Twitter was more restrained: "A great day for Jack," said the elder McCain\'s ', "24 miles offshore. See  the Blue Angels  in action Most visitors drive to the  Navy  base, where admission he's talking about.)  The Blue Angels  flying acrobatic team on-base at the waterfront  Navy  Lodge. Lovers of surf ", 'guy, the children who learned about volcanoes. About the science behind what happens to your heart, flying with  the blue angels . About why you really cry from onions. The tears! Reporter: Turns out, those children have not forgotten who ', 'volcanoes. About the science behind what happens to your heart, flying with the blue angels About why you really cry from onions. The tears! Reporter: Turns out, those children have not forgotten who they learned from. Oh, ', 'NASCAR takes to the sky: Dale Earnhardt Jr. goes for a ride with  the Blue Angels', "preschool audience. We're teaching their ABC's 12 trees and so on. But to teach them traditional family values  the blue angels  are saying with the children the importance of being tying them and of cooperating with being honest and being generous ", 'and so on. But to teach them traditional family values -- -- the blue angels are saying with the children the importance of being tying them and of cooperating with being honest and being generous and so ', 'every two weeks.Ivilian employees of the pentagon will be forced to take off one unpaid day every week. The  navy  legendary  blue angels  will be grounded, cancelling 28 upcoming air shows. During the campaign, the president flatly declared the ', 'will be forced to take off one unpaid day every week. The navy legendary blue angels will be grounded, cancelling 28 upcoming air shows. During the campaign, the president flatly declared the cuts would never take place. It ', "colony a flock of burn. The flock of startling uses self organize there's no leader there's no communication.  The blue angels  can do three choreographed stuff. But He couldn't chase a plane with the precision of a flock of birds can do ", "flock of startling uses self organize there's no leader there's no communication. The blue angels can do three choreographed stuff. But He couldn't chase a plane with the precision of a flock of birds can do. Economist ", "colony a flock of burn. The flock of startling uses self organize there's no leader there's no communication.  The blue angels  can do three choreographed stuff. But He couldn't chase a plane with the precision of a flock of birds can do ", "flock of startling uses self organize there's no leader there's no communication. The blue angels can do three choreographed stuff. But He couldn't chase a plane with the precision of a flock of birds can do. Economist ", "America's friends McCain but there's never any adventure larger than the ones right here in USA. I loved flying with  the blue angels  making them go faster until I passed out RTZ yeah. I cave diving with a group of women in Lexington Virginia. Who ", 'larger than the ones right here in USA. I loved flying with the blue angels making them go faster until I passed out RTZ yeah. I -- cave diving with a group of women in Lexington Virginia. ']