['I found out about the project online, but, yeah, there\'s a lot of stuff out there."  Emma Stone  Chastain\'s co-star in "The Help,"  Emma Stone  is another rumored candidate for the role. The 24-year-old actress is known perhaps more ', 'Spider-Man 2? in New York City alongside his real-life girlfriend,  Emma Stone  -but even superheroes need to take a break. In the above video, a us in the comments below: Do you think that was Andrew Garfield and  Emma Stone ?', "Star Sightings: Kristen Wiig Parties With 'SNL' Stars; Emma Stone , Katie Holmes and more", 'tables throughout their meal," a source says. "[They got] laughs throughout the room!" A girl\'s gotta eat!  Emma Stone  is in town to film the sequel to "Spider-Man," but she\'s hardly living off of craft services. Low-key in jeans ', 'of Lucille Ball, one of her idols. She also has the red hair to go with it. "I would love to have the career of an  Emma Stone /Sandra Bullock, a little bit kick butt but also artistic with blockbusters and features," she said. "I love variety ', 'I don\'t drink and drive. It is all false." Bynes hasn\'t acted since her role in 2010\'s "Easy A" alongside  Emma Stone . Demi Lovato After starring alongside the Jonas Brothers in the Disney Channel original movie "Camp Rock," Demi Lovato ', 'she still considers the cast of the much-awarded film her family. She said she texts or talks with Viola Davis,  Emma Stone , Bryce Dallas Howard, Jessica Chastain, and the rest of the stars "every other day." "We\'re all in contact ', 'Best Friend" for this summer\'s hit comedy, "Ted," which he also wrote, directed and starred in. Appearing with  Emma Stone  on "Good Morning America" this morning after they announced the nominees, MacFarlane said he thought the odds of his ', 'Now that the Oscar nominations are out, the bets are on for who will emerge as winners. After Seth MacFarlane and  Emma Stone  announced the nominees this morning, the deck appears to be stacked for "Lincoln," which led with 12 nominations ', 'The wait is nearly over. After months of speculation and second-guessing, Seth MacFarlane and  Emma Stone  will reveal the 2013 Oscar nominations Thursday. It has been a very good year for movies, not to mention a diverse one. "You ', "that it takes a village for Hollywood stars, from TV to the big screen, to look red-carpet ready. When stars like  Emma Stone , Cameron Diaz and Sofia Vergara appear as pictures of perfection at awards shows and premieres they've typically paid ", 'list, followed by Kate Upton, pop star Rihanna and  Emma Stone . You can browse the full list at AskMen.com . Here Lawrence 2. Mila Kunis 3. Kate Upton 4. Rihanna 5.  Emma Stone  6. Miranda Kerr 7. Kristen Stewart 8. Jessica Gomes ', 'special needs, it\'s important to feel that you\'re not alone," he said. InStyle\'s December issue also features  Emma Stone , Ben Affleck, Josh Brolin, and Leighton Meester talking about causes that are close to their hearts. RELATED: Celebrities ', "of passage in. Everybody has to talk show up there and so really the one that is being talked about now features and  Emma Stone . She'd be don't know who she is recognize that things may be right there from the amazing Spider-Man from crazy ", "so really the one that is being talked about now features and Emma Stone . She'd be don't know who she is recognize that things may be right there from the amazing Spider-Man from crazy stupid -- ", 'Host Seth MacFarlane and actress  Emma Stone  weigh in on the nominees and anticipation for the big night.', "All right so anybody that knows anything about fashion and up on any styles top address list so the top. Faction. He says 2012. We will start besides us besides us I think we're in the worst dressed actually. OK so and best dressed up 2012. And that's down. Rest of this study and the stunning", 'the best part for me. Now, other actresses mentioned for the role include scarlet johann san, jessica chastain and  emma stone . You like scarlett and you like jessica -- how do you feel? It looks like it could be her. Kate middleton made recycling ', 'actresses mentioned for the role include scarlet johann san, jessica chastain and emma stone . You like scarlett and you like jessica -- how do you feel? It looks like it could be her. Kate middleton made ', "You have to get out there right now that it is On the way. Right now because it When you have the roles here now and then you're playing. states. The Internet buzz is because they always have somebody else in mind they'll say danger need to change. Should definitely have been grants and get out and", "To fix myself I want to create a world without tweaks. And venture just how. Yes stem cells promising that the solution I'm thinking more. genetic. Pursing his parkinson's when. Brain cells that produced opening starts to disappear. But zebra fish has the ability to regenerate cells on command.", 'Emma Stone  on getting the pivotal role, Bryce Dallas Howard on playing a racist.']