['Getty Images for MAC Cosmetics  Emma Roberts  and her boyfriend Evan Peters are trying to "move past" a violent fight in a Montreal hotel room earlier this month that led ', 'have a 17-year-old,\'" she said. (In this movie, which will be released the summer, she plays the mother of  Emma Roberts , 22, and Will Poulter, 20.) "Then you realize, \'Well, yeah, you are.\'"', 'Spotted Around Town: Victoria Beckham Celebrates Her Birthday, Neil Patrick Harris Has Drinks With Friends-And More!', 'Oscar After-Parties: Stars Mingle for Vanity Fair, Elton John and Governors Ball', 'pop stars and reality-TV staples, as Britney Spears and a pregnant Kim Kardashian attended the bash. Miley Cyrus,  Emma Roberts  and Heidi Klum were all spotted at the A-list affair. "It\'s a great mix of people," John told ABC News John\'s ', 'he said. "If it\'s a good script ... I\'d take a look at it, but I don\'t know anything other than that."  Emma Roberts  Though she hasn\'t read E.L. James\' trilogy, the "Scream 4" actress is interested in playing Ana. "I haven\'t ', "he takes lessons from a member of a Finnish family of aerialist squirrels. Features the voices of Norm Macdonald and  Emma Roberts . Premieres at 9 p.m. Dec. 8 on CBS 'It's A Spongebob Christmas!' Nickelodeon celebrates the holidays with SpongeBob's ", 'Courteney Cox and Laura Dern, suggesting that the pair is still close. Aniston was recently photographed on the set of "We\'re the Millers" in character, as a prostitute. The dark comedy also stars Jason Sudeikis and  Emma Roberts .', 'he said. "If it\'s a good script ... I\'d take a look at it, but I don\'t know anything other than that."  Emma Roberts  Though she hasn\'t read E.L. James\' trilogy, the "Scream 4" actress is interested in playing Ana. "I haven\'t ', 'Jim Cramer 1961 Alexander Payne 1961 George Stephanopoulos 1964 Glenn Beck 1967 Laura Dern 1974 Elizabeth Banks 1991  Emma Roberts  1997 Chloe Moretz View more videos from This Month in History: February .', 'Saturday. It was that kind of place. Kari Feinstein had the largest selection of goods. There, Mary J. Blige and  Emma Roberts  scooped up jewelry from the Flying Lizard collection. (Emma was sweet enough to nab a necklace for her aunt Julia ', 'Brangelina, with Hewitt sporting a fake baby bump. Gwen Stefani (as Cinderella), Jessica Alba (as a witch),  Emma Roberts  (as a Playboy bunny) and Rashida Jones (as a Cherry Blow-Pop) were also among the guests. David Arquette in Elvis ', 'that made Grey famous. But Paddy Power has Michele at number two after rising star Emma Stone. Julia Roberts\' niece  Emma Roberts  is in third place. With "Footloose," another \'80s musical remake set to roll after the "Fame" redux flopped at ', 'that made Grey famous. But Paddy Power has Michele at number two after rising star Emma Stone. Julia Roberts\' niece  Emma Roberts  is in third place. With "Footloose," another \'80s musical remake set to roll after the "Fame" redux flopped at ', "now think about it but she'll be a fresh face as ever this summer. In the movie Nancy Drew went sixteen year old  Emma Roberts  tackles the beloved role. And steps in the Nancy's it's good to see you again and didn't see it 20 this is a ", "ever this summer. In the movie Nancy Drew went sixteen year old Emma Roberts tackles the beloved role. And steps in the Nancy's -- -- it's good to see you again and didn't see it 20 ", "after all. stuff is so boring that. Sixteen year old  Emma Roberts  plays the pivotal role of everyone's favorite sleuth opinion and Nancy Drew is how did you know that it was  Emma Roberts . He was it was a long process. We did. the old fashioned ", "-- stuff is so boring that. -- -- -- Sixteen year old Emma Roberts plays the pivotal role of everyone's favorite -- sleuth -- -- this iconic character and children's literature and people. Have a definite opinion and Nancy Drew is how did you know that it was Emma Roberts . He was it was a long process. We did. -- the old fashioned way we met with a lot of girls and ", 'Goldilocks and the bears. And my favorite costume this year, besides the one you probably won\'t see from sam,  emma roberts , channeling her aunt, in her most famous role, "pretty woman." That\'s "pop news." Sam? It\'s so nice to ', 'costume this year, besides the one you probably won\'t see from sam, emma roberts , channeling her aunt, in her most famous role, "pretty woman." That\'s "pop news." Sam? It\'s so nice to have "pop ', 'have political them playing very Blake be Samantha. Selena Gomez Selena Gomez eighteen has all night. Charlotte and  Emma Roberts  as Maria and mrs. gonna be a movie the prison and a movie we will never seen me become a TV show equal. I carry rats ', 'be Samantha. Selena Gomez Selena Gomez eighteen has all night. Charlotte and Emma Roberts as Maria and mrs. gonna be a movie the prison and a movie we will never seen me become a TV show ', "you lift. Am I don't know you got keep doing he's trying to movies and just a little movie called homework. With  Emma Roberts  in for any time more and Wilson it's just amazing cast and so you know just plugging here on role the testing settlement ", "he's trying to movies and just a little movie called homework. With Emma Roberts in for any time more and -- Wilson -- it's just amazing cast and so you know just plugging here on -- ", 'at all that important that movie would who. I I play out groups at play an inventor and actually in banks along with  Emma Roberts  character any the hotel for docs basically where What tops your child and now. Now we move into this new home with ', 'out groups at play an inventor and actually in banks along with Emma Roberts character any -- the hotel for docs basically where -- What tops your child and now. Now we move into this new ', "strawberry him. I think it's because they carry the I want to put you're young star who played during the movie  Emma Roberts  says maybe she's perfect. She does everything perfectly and that's kind of difficult to get into that character ", "want to put -- you're young star who played during the movie Emma Roberts says maybe she's -- perfect. She does everything perfectly and that's kind of difficult to get into that character and also she "]