["Doesn't mean the path it's always been a smooth one. Nearly five years ago after a long relationship he and actress  Emily Blunt  called it quits teeth Something teen brutally candid about. The breakup was the best and worst thing that ever happen ", 'one. Nearly five years ago after a long relationship he and actress Emily Blunt called it quits -- teeth -- Something teen brutally candid about. The breakup was the best and worst thing that ever happen ', "to the Now he's getting it right once again for his new film of the five year engagement starring Jason Segal and  Emily Blunt . The men will were us. And in that case all eligible Christians will be sort of commute communion but we're gonna ", 'his new film of the five year engagement starring Jason Segal and Emily Blunt . -- -- The men will were -- us. And in that case all eligible Christians will be sort of commute communion but ', 'stars. Not anytime in the field this week asked that I saw adjustment bureau this new romantic voter Matt Damon and  Emily Blunt  aspiring politician. They kind of in this bathroom have a weird situation in their lives instant chemistry there between ', 'I saw -- adjustment bureau this new romantic voter Matt Damon and Emily Blunt -- -- aspiring politician. They kind of -- in this bathroom have a weird situation in their lives instant chemistry there between ', "The poll is adorable. Not at liberty high value of cool it affected eleven's locust. Matt Damon hangs out here  Emily Blunt  Pete Wentz are a partridge from the hills sees little cocktails here. In this quintessential New York that a beautiful ", "it affected -- eleven's locust. -- -- Matt Damon hangs out here Emily Blunt Pete Wentz are -- a partridge from the hills sees little cocktails here. In this quintessential New York that a beautiful property ", "showdown between I I think is gonna take Let's move best performance by an actress in the drama category abacus to  Emily Blunt  young. Sandra Bullock the blind side Helen Mirren last station carrying knowledge in an education. And needs to her ", 'best -- performance by an actress in the drama category abacus to Emily Blunt young. -- Sandra Bullock the blind side Helen Mirren last station carrying knowledge in an education. And -- needs to -- her ', "and I initiative on inside Africa eccentricity a hard working on the latest drama. golf course actress drama finally  Emily Blunt  for the young Victoria. Carey Mulligan for an education. Let's see Sandra Bullock for the blind side Helen Mirren ", "hard working on the latest drama. -- golf course actress drama finally Emily Blunt for the young Victoria. Carey Mulligan for an education. Let's see Sandra Bullock for the blind side Helen Mirren in the last ", 'pleadings designers kind of playing with all of that it was Lee Schilling it was sold. Sex incredibly exactly yes and  Emily Blunt  also before via a loved her address and not it was a dolce and gabbana dress list. I just a little surprising we think ', 'Schilling it was sold. Sex incredibly exactly yes -- -- -- and Emily Blunt also before via a loved her address and -- not it was a dolce and gabbana dress list. I just a little ', "that today Groundhog because you may recognize a lot of is that the Golden Globes. The one notable exception is that  Emily Blunt  was not nominated for the young Victoria and that's of course to make room for Meryl Streep in Julie and Julia. Of ", "of is that the Golden Globes. The one notable exception is that Emily Blunt was not nominated for the young Victoria and that's of course to make room for Meryl Streep in Julie and Julia. Of "]