['Wozniacki advances after defending champion Paszek retires, joining Li, Kerber in 2nd round', "Li Na advanced to the second round at Eastbourne on Tuesday, beating Alize Cornet of France 6-2, 6-4.She'll next play 2011 champion Marion Bartoli. Play was suspende...", "China's Li Na began her grass season with just six days left before the start of Wimbledon, with the sixth seed beating Alize Cornet 6-2, 6-4 to reach the second rou...", 'Friday At The All England Lawn Tennis & Croquet Club London Purse: $34.9 million (Grand Slam) Surface: Grass-Outdoor Singles Men Second RoundDavid Ferrer (4), Spain,...', 'Rising American Jamie Hampton stunned top-seeded world No. 4 Agnieszka Radwanska Tuesday at the $690,000 Aegon International tennis event, a final grass-court Wimble...', '(Updates with first completed matches Friday)HASH(0x919401c)Colombian Mariana Duque-Marino was bounced out of Wimbledon in the second round, losing to British hopefu...', "When Wimbledon gets underway next week, Serena Williams will be there as the defending champion and five-time overall winner.Will she make it victory No. 6?It's prob...", 'Red-hot world No. 1 Serena Williams has been installed as the top seed at Wimbledon, which will get underway Monday at on the famed grass courts at the venerable All...', 'Australian Open runner-up Li Na and former world No. 1 Caroline Wozniacki landed in the quarterfinals, while former Wimbledon titlist Petra Kvitova came up a second-...', "A look at Wimbledon on Friday:Weather: Rainy. High of 66 degrees.Men's Seeded Winners: No. 2 Andy Murray; No. 4 David Ferrer; No. 13 Tommy Haas; No. 24 Jerzy Janowic...", 'With Sharapova looking on, Dimitrov loses in 5 sets at Wimbledon; Laura Robson wins under roof', "Grigor Dimitrov, one of tennis' rising stars, lost in the second round at Wimbledon on Friday in a five-set, rain-delayed match that lasted more than four hours over...", "US wild-card Alison Riske beats 44th-ranked Urszula Radwanska to reach Wimbledon's 3rd round", 'Wild-card entry Alison Riske is one of four women keeping American hopes alive at Wimbledon.The 126th-ranked Riske reached the third round at a Grand Slam tournament...', 'Red-hot world No. 1 Serena Williams could have an easy road to the semifinals and could face former top-ranked star Victoria Azarenka in the final at The Championshi...', 'Reigning champion and five-time titlist Serena Williams was an easy opening-round winner Tuesday at Wimbledon.The world No. 1 superstar extended her career-best winn...', "Reigning champion and five-time titlist Serena Williams and last year's runner-up Agnieszka Radwanska were a pair of easy opening-round winners Tuesday at Wimbledon....", 'No less than five former world No. 1 women exited the Wimbledon draw Wednesday, including former champion Maria Sharapova and reigning two-time Australian Open titli...', "Reigning champion and five-time overall winner Serena Williams and last year's runner-up Agnieszka Radwanska were a pair of routine second-round victors Thursday at ..."]