['Andrews and Dick Van Dyke. The film\'s trailer shows off Hanks\' transformation, vintage mustache included, alongside  Emma Thompson , who plays "Mary Poppins" author P.L. Travers in the movie - due out in theaters December of this year. More ', 'not a flop anymore," Patches said of the fondly remembered film. The Remains of the Day With Anthony Hopkins and  Emma Thompson , Patches said, "Remains of the Day" was "your typical Oscar movie." Merchant Ivory Productions, which produced ', 'screening room, it has become tarnished -- which is kind of cool. It\'s starting to age and get character. Like me."  Emma Thompson  Thompson is another star who doesn\'t mind a little tarnish on her trophy. The actress keeps her two Oscars -- for ', 'joined forces with fellow famous Brits Kate Winslet and  Emma Thompson  to form the so-called British Anti-Cosmetic Surgery Weisz, 42, told the Telegraph in August 2011.  Emma Thompson  Along with Rachel Weisz and Kate Winslet, Thompson ', "That's right, Bill Clinton, in the fictional form of Jack Stanton, played compellingly by John Travolta. ( Emma Thompson , in a bit of odd casting that nevertheless works, plays the Hillary character. And Billy Bob Thornton is perfectly ", 'Horror Story" Ashey Judd, "Missing" Nicole Kidman, "Hemingway and Gellhorn" Julianne Moore, "Game Change"  Emma Thompson , "The Song of Lunch" Best Actor in a Miniseries or Movie Kevin Costner, "Hattefield and McCoy" Beneditch Cumberbach ', 'joined forces with fellow famous Brits Kate Winslet and  Emma Thompson  to form the so-called British Anti-Cosmetic Surgery particularly beautiful," Weisz, 41, told the Telegraph.  Emma Thompson  Along with Rachel Weisz and Kate Winslet, Thompson ', 'get to that. "Brave" takes place in mythological Scotland. Under the watchful eye of her mother Queen Elinor ( Emma Thompson ), Merida, voiced by "Boardwalk Empire\'s" Kelly Macdonald, is being trained to be a princess - and if she can\'t ', 'the only Brit speaking out against going under the knife. Fellow Oscar-winning actresses Rachel Weisz, 41, and  Emma Thompson , 52, also oppose cosmetic surgery. "We\'re in this awful youth-driven thing now where everybody needs to look ', 'but he did get a ride home with Safer, who he still counts as a friend. Other first-class friends include  Emma Thompson  ("She gave me a kiss on the cheek and I never washed my face"), Stevie Nicks ("It was the \'70s. I got an autograph ', 'and considered a riskier move." But just because an actress\'s character takes on an ugly look, he said, citing  Emma Thompson \'s turn as "Nanny McPhee," it doesn\'t guarantee an award. "Audiences and critics have their eyes on roles that ', "one count of injury to a child by omission. Jury selection began today in Young's unusual case. Her daughter,  Emma Thompson  , died June 27, 2009. Young's boyfriend at the time, Lucas Coe, 28, is to be tried in September on charges of ", 'of the most popular operatic albums in Europe, has just finished her sound check. Oscar-winning British actress  Emma Thompson  is picking up her backstage pass. Pop singer Shakira , rock icon Beth Ditto of the band Gossip and composer Andrew ', "was reading and I'd love for you to tell us. He was saying, it's wonderful and hard, every day. And I know  emma thompson , said something to you about that. If you could encapsulate it for us. I was working on a movie with her. A long ", "He was saying, it's wonderful and hard, every day. And I know emma thompson , said something to you about that. If you could encapsulate it for us. I was working on a movie with her. A ", "office ultimate family. You're not global fairly  Emma Thompson  the that this group and so on this you know she is fantastic wonderful she's the new. Head. Men in black so Emma  Emma Thompson . Actually in the history of the men in black she's ", "-- -- and the image office ultimate family. You're not global fairly Emma Thompson -- -- the that this group and so on this you know -- -- she is fantastic she's wonderful she's the new. Head. Men in black so Emma Emma Thompson . Actually in the history of the men in black she's the first female. Head of the agencies and with this film you're ", "and got the C dealings she is forming a British anti cosmetics sir are you yeah we're bellow award winning friends  Emma Thompson  and racial bias and look always. Come out against plastic surgery she says she's an actress she needs. We're ", "anti cosmetics sir are you -- yeah we're bellow award winning friends Emma Thompson and racial bias and look always. Come out against plastic surgery she says she's an actress she needs. We're facing -- natural ", "up for relevant and got that she's doing she is forming a British anti cosmetic sir are you award winning friends  Emma Thompson  and racial bias and look always. Come out again the surgery she says she's an actress needs. Her face of the natural ", "British anti cosmetic sir are you -- -- -- award winning friends Emma Thompson and racial bias and look always. Come out again -- the surgery she says she's an actress needs. Her face of the ", 'Lead actress in a miniseries or movie. Connie britton, ashley judd, missing. Nicole kidman. Julianne moore. And  emma thompson , the song of lunch, masterpiece. Song of lunch. The nominees for lead actor in a miniseries of movie. Kevin costner ', 'or movie. Connie britton, ashley judd, missing. Nicole kidman. Julianne moore. And emma thompson , the song of lunch, masterpiece. Song of lunch. The nominees for lead actor in a miniseries of movie. Kevin costner, hatfields & ', "response then finished with just not snow Grady to fight it tooth and nail. Even though. The voice of the mother is  Emma Thompson  who I would have day. No matter what. If an attendance is. Expected and now. And I don't want to give away too ", "-- -- Even though. The voice of the mother -- -- is Emma Thompson who I would have day. No matter what. If an attendance is. Expected -- and now. And I don't want to give ", "you talk with Dustin Hoffman and  Emma Thompson  and joins us now with more just Thanks to Dustin Hoffman and  Emma Thompson  who paid a portrait of middle hardly leaves prematurely and each  Emma Thompson 's character okay at the airport ", "more theaters this weekend -- can you talk with Dustin Hoffman and Emma Thompson and joins us now with more just. Well into the -- to. -- and can't. I -- bill it was a delight ", "of life has rarely seem so sweet. Thanks to Dustin Hoffman and Emma Thompson who paid a portrait of middle aged romance that's all too -- and in that -- little bit. You sentence. I think ", "awaiting of his estranged daughter. Last chance hardly leaves prematurely and each Emma Thompson's character okay -- at the airport -- -- -- Britain English reserve. I'm and I haven't had relations change. And assist and "]