['MacLaine\'s real-life daughter, Parker, is Hollywood royalty. Her uncle is MacLaine\'s brother, Warren Beatty. " Faye Dunaway  would come over, and Sydney Pollack, and Warren, and Robert Redford," Parker said in an interview with "20/20 ', 'collectors of history." The story of Bonnie and Clyde, which inspired a hit 1967 movie by Arthur Penn that starred  Faye Dunaway  and Warren Beatty, resonates today much as it did in the 1930s, Livingston said, because they were perceived as enemies ', 'Crawford physically and emotionally abused her and her brother Christopher. The book was made into the 1981 film starring  Faye Dunaway , who would immortalize the words, "No more wire coat hangers." Kevin Mazur/Getty Images Dina Lohan For years ', 'Hollywood icon many grew to love and respect. The memoir was turned into a movie of the same name starring actress  Faye Dunaway  in 1981. The film became a cult classic and launched a few phrases into the pop culture lexicon, including "No wire ', "Barbara Hershey Is Riveting in 'Black Swan' as Natalie Portman's Dark, Controlling Mother", 'Watch your back,  Faye Dunaway  . There\'s a new "Mommie Dearest" figure in town, and she\'s going to give you a run for your money. Veteran actress Barbara ', 'audience." Bob Corff, author of "Achieving the Standard American Accent" and voice coach to actors including Bardem,  Faye Dunaway  and Forest Whitaker, says the key to a menacing tone can be just ... slowing ... down. "Whether you\'re looking ', 'tickets to events like Mike Tyson\'s fight in Las Vegas when he worked for stars like "Growing Pains\'" Alan Thicke and  Faye Dunaway . Perks and pay aside, being a celebrity\'s personal assistant is described by veterans as "hard work" and "exhausting ', 'tickets to events like Mike Tyson\'s fight in Las Vegas when he worked for stars like "Growing Pains\'" Alan Thicke and  Faye Dunaway . Perks and pay aside, being a celebrity\'s personal assistant is described by veterans as "hard work" and "exhausting ', 'acceptable. This is just another person attacking Sarah. It\'s another issue, another thing." Hilary Duff vs.  Faye Dunaway : The original Bonnie, Dunaway, weighed in on the casting of Duff as Bonnie in the indie remake of The Story of Bonnie ', 'yourself." His call has been heard. U2 Frontman Bono, filmmaker Michael Moore and actresses Natalie Portman and  Faye Dunaway  showed up at the movie premiere of this low budget documentary in a show of support. Another celebrity voicing a cause ', 'waiting outside the Pacific Design Center in the cold for 40 minutes -- and watching Heidi Klum, Seal, Tim Allen,  Faye Dunaway  and others hop into their waiting cars -- Ford unsuccessfully attempted to order up a new limo. Finally, the police ', 'and some of these people don\'t have as much courage as we think." In her book, "Looking for Gatsby: My Life,"  Faye Dunaway  wrote of the pressures. "To counter the stress of filmmaking," she said, "I\'ve never stopped guarding against ', 'and some of these people don\'t have as much courage as we think." In her book, "Looking for Gatsby: My Life,"  Faye Dunaway  wrote of the pressures. "To counter the stress of filmmaking," she said, "I\'ve never stopped guarding against ', 'rent maybe while the nest on another high profile Tenet in Manhattan being threatened. A landlord is suing actress  Faye Dunaway  Clinton machine is violating the terms of release. Because of rent stabilized apartment by not using it as a primary ', 'high profile Tenet in Manhattan being threatened. A landlord is suing actress Faye Dunaway Clinton machine is violating the terms of release. Because of rent stabilized apartment by not using it as a primary residence of ', 'before the reservoir refills. An update on a story we first brought you yesterday about a lawsuit involving actress  Faye Dunaway  in her rent stabilized Manhattan apartment. New York Times reported always landlord had sued to a picture from the ', 'a story we first brought you yesterday about a lawsuit involving actress Faye Dunaway in her rent stabilized Manhattan apartment. New York Times reported -- always landlord had sued to a picture from the apartment and ', "when in getting behind another because they too many doing stuff like and that. Well don't blended you know you got  Faye Dunaway  who is this what this revered actress who did I mean if anybody remembers Bonnie and Clyde. That was a movie and then ", "doing stuff like and that. Well don't blended you know you got Faye Dunaway who is this what this revered actress who did I mean if anybody remembers Bonnie and Clyde. That was a movie and ", "crime to the screen and landmark film has died. Arthur Penn directed Bonnie and Clyde it was 1967. Warren Beatty and  Faye Dunaway . The movies ballet violence shocked viewers and earned critical said he hadn't wanted to make a film about gangsters ", "Arthur Penn directed Bonnie and Clyde it was 1967. Warren Beatty and Faye Dunaway . The movies ballet -- violence shocked viewers and earned critical -- -- said he hadn't wanted to make a film about gangsters "]