['on an uncanny ability to navigate the chaos of presidential campaigns and global diplomatic trips with the poise of  Grace Kelly . Born in Kalamazoo, Mich., Abedin moved as a toddler to Saudi Arabia, where her father, an Islamic scholar born ', 'on an uncanny ability to navigate the chaos of presidential campaigns and global diplomatic trips with the poise of  Grace Kelly . Born in Kalamazoo, Michigan, Abedin moved as a toddler to Saudi Arabia, where her father, an Islamic scholar born ', 'Jodi Arias\' right thumbprint." Arias\' drawings were selling on eBay in January, including one of legendary actress  Grace Kelly . Arias was an aspiring photographer when she was arrested in July 2008. On Thursday, jurors were allowed to ask questions ', 'County jail has been posting and selling drawings she composes inside. At least two drawings by Arias, one of actress  Grace Kelly  and one of an unidentified female model, are still posted on eBay for sale, with current bids at $300 and $405 ', "bigger hips and thighs with a full skirt and craft a tiny waist with a wide belt. Hollywood stars of the '50s such as  Grace Kelly  and Marilyn Monroe were onto something with their high-waisted, full skirts that stopped just above the knee. The ", 'to be creative." Stella has dressed up as everyone from political activists to Hollywood stars. Billie Holiday,  Grace Kelly , Queen Elizabeth and her father\'s favorite, Joan Baez, are just a few of the women who have made the cut. It\'s ', "'Mad' About Fashion: 'Mad Men' Stars Jon Hamm, January Jones Dish on How Clothes Make the Characters", 'influence for me, for Betty\'s character, then was Jackie Kennedy, as opposed to a big influence for me in season one,  Grace Kelly ," Bryant said. Jones told Connelly she has nicknames for her outfits and one of her favorites was a dress she dubbed ', 'm. Saturday at the Double Seven Nightclub, when according to police 24-year-old Casiraghi, the grandson of  Grace Kelly , got into a confrontation with 47-year-old Adam Hock, a former nightclub owner. Casiraghi reportedly approached ', "Monaco's Prince Albert and Charlene Wittstock Slept Apart on Honeymoon, Palace Confirms", "Monaco's Prince Albert and Charlene Wittstock Slept Apart on Honeymoon, Palace Confirms", 'They were married in an extravagant $55 million, three-day royal wedding and are now honeymooning in South Africa, staying in an $8,000-per-night luxury suite. But, apparently, money cannot buy happiness for Prince Albert of Monaco and his new bride, Charlene Wittstock. Prince Albert, 53, is', 'supporting two working-class women who have given birth to his love children. In 2006, the son of movie starlet  Grace Kelly  and Prince Rainier, admitted he had a 14-year-old daughter following an affair with California waitress Tamara ', "ivory satin based crepe dress was designed by Sarah Burton of Alexander McQueen, the same designer responsible for the  Grace Kelly  like wedding gown worn by Kate Middleton. Explore Kate's Dress and Wedding Dresses of the House of Windsor In royal ", "in this big city. Reporter: Now this prince of new york, joins other outers who have married into royalty. Like  grace kelly  and kate middleton. They'll continue to live in the city, where they fell in love. Christopher o'neill has elected ", "of new york, joins other outers who have married into royalty. Like grace kelly and kate middleton. They'll continue to live in the city, where they fell in love. Christopher o'neill has elected to remain a ", "this torrents of New York Christopher joins other outsiders who married into European royalty. Like Hollywood star  Grace Kelly  and that daughter of Tea Party planners Kate Middleton. Sweden's newest royal couple say they'll continue to live ", "-- joins other outsiders who married into European royalty. Like Hollywood star Grace Kelly and that daughter of Tea Party planners Kate Middleton. Sweden's newest royal couple say they'll continue to live in this city where ", "rachel 13 rachel smith is here in new york P. Pop time. Here we go. We're getting our first look at nicole kidman as  grace kelly . She truly looks like royalty. Kidman is stunning as the actress-turned princess, grace of monaco. It's certainly ", "Here we go. We're getting our first look at nicole kidman as grace kelly . She truly looks like royalty. Kidman is stunning as the actress-turned princess, grace of monaco. It's certainly a far cry from kidman's ", 'Princess grace of Monaco  Grace Kelly  has died she died in Monica hospital course millions of Americans view as  Grace Kelly . Her life is a Hollywood movie motion picture offers the former  Grace Kelly  was beginning to reappear in public ', 'Princess grace of Monaco Grace Kelly has died she died in -- Monica hospital tonight with her husband prince training and her three children decider. A hospital in ', 'back at princess grace who of course millions of Americans view as Grace Kelly . Her life is a Hollywood movie queen was a fairy tale by itself. The cool beautiful -- and regal on screen courted ', '-- -- Although she turned down three motion picture offers the former Grace Kelly was beginning to reappear in public in her own right recently. And rumor had it that she might consider doing another film. ', "royalty the princess of Monaco  Grace Kelly . Was of course an icon of elegance David Salerno reports from London.  Grace Kelly  was the who became a princess It's she may be young though  Grace Kelly . It's. Fashion inspiration ", "was the Hollywood movie star who became royalty the princess of Monaco Grace Kelly . Was of course an icon of elegance now. Her amazing wardrobe from her films and her visit with Jack Kennedy is going on display in -- museum the BBC's David Salerno reports from London. Grace Kelly was the -- -- -- -- who became a princess. Has style has become a plywood to fifties applicants. The -- down ", "just pretty dresses. It's -- -- -- she may be young though Grace Kelly . It's. Fashion inspiration. I've known about it for a while now -- couldn't wait to get hates me this dressing warm by ", "of life. A woman who is -- a princess and Hollywood style. Grace Kelly pushes many -- but for some this isn't a front seat -- of gloves polls and singed in wastes. But inspiration. From ", 'More than fifty years after the world watched  Grace Kelly  walked down the aisle today her son prince Albert married and Monica tonight as a new princess. This was the other royal wedding ', 'More than fifty years after the world watched Grace Kelly walked down the aisle today her son prince Albert married and Monica tonight as a new princess. This was the other royal ']