['Host Seth MacFarlane and actress  Emma Stone  weigh in on the nominees and anticipation for the big night.', "All right so anybody that knows anything about fashion and up on any styles top address list so the top. Faction. He says 2012. We will start besides us besides us I think we're in the worst dressed actually. OK so and best dressed up 2012. And that's down. Rest of this study and the stunning", 'the best part for me. Now, other actresses mentioned for the role include scarlet johann san, jessica chastain and  emma stone . You like scarlett and you like jessica -- how do you feel? It looks like it could be her. Kate middleton made recycling ', 'actresses mentioned for the role include scarlet johann san, jessica chastain and emma stone . You like scarlett and you like jessica -- how do you feel? It looks like it could be her. Kate middleton made ', "You have to get out there right now that it is On the way. Right now because it When you have the roles here now and then you're playing. states. The Internet buzz is because they always have somebody else in mind they'll say danger need to change. Should definitely have been grants and get out and", "To fix myself I want to create a world without tweaks. And venture just how. Yes stem cells promising that the solution I'm thinking more. genetic. Pursing his parkinson's when. Brain cells that produced opening starts to disappear. But zebra fish has the ability to regenerate cells on command.", 'Emma Stone  on getting the pivotal role, Bryce Dallas Howard on playing a racist.', "That's your name rain. Year that you and your Marion. We've had nine classes together since kindergarten ten if you count religion of other cultures which she physical science fiction refused to go news. Listen I'm not one. I hope for your that got a sense of humor I have seventeen years recanted", "that a guy standing by himself in Hollywood at 5 in the morning. There's the lovely and talented miss  Emma Stone  and. Thank you set  Emma Stone  is the star of the new film gangster squad that's not true the star an ensemble piece Let's keep ", "Hollywood at 5 in the morning. There's the lovely and talented miss Emma Stone and. -- Thank you set Emma Stone is the star of the new film gangster squad that's not true the star -- -- an ensemble piece -- -- Let's ", "that a guy's standing by himself in Hollywood at 5 in the morning. There's the lovely and talented miss  Emma Stone . Thank you  Emma Stone  is the star of the new film gangster squad that's an actor the star employ an ensemble piece The star of ", "Hollywood at 5 in the morning. There's the lovely and talented miss Emma Stone . Thank you -- Emma Stone is the star of the new film gangster squad that's an actor the star -- employ an ensemble piece -- -- -- ", "Emma Stone , Viola Davis and castmates explain playing book's adored characters.", "with more than 75 of hollywood's glamorous stars. The theme is bruce webber's adventures in hollywood. There's  emma stone . She got off easy on that. Tom hanks, looking dapper. There's a myriad of stars from genres and generations inside ", "hollywood's glamorous stars. The theme is bruce webber's adventures in hollywood. There's emma stone . She got off easy on that. Tom hanks, looking dapper. There's a myriad of stars from genres and generations inside the magazine. ", 'start off listen to some of that the actors in this maybe Hugh Taylor sisters Kate Winslet Hugh Jackman not Tammy watts  Emma Stone  and Uma Thurman. Richard Gere and even Snooki in this movie holly Berry is NA and rob I have to tell us. She literally ', 'this maybe Hugh Taylor sisters Kate Winslet Hugh Jackman not Tammy watts Emma Stone and Uma Thurman. Richard Gere and even Snooki -- in this movie holly Berry is -- NA and rob I have to ', "that a guy's standing by himself in Hollywood at 5 in the morning. There's the lovely and talented miss  Emma Stone . Thank you  Emma Stone  is the star of the new film gangster squad that's an actor the star ensemble piece. The star of the new ", "Hollywood at 5 in the morning. There's the lovely and talented miss Emma Stone . Thank you -- Emma Stone is the star of the new film gangster squad that's an actor the star -- -- -- -- ensemble piece. -- -- ", "away. And finding out this year's Oscar nominations. Oscar Seth actress  Emma Stone  will be announcing them right here tomorrow morning you can watch it live on GMA we're so excited we thought we pay tribute to ", "And finding out this year's Oscar nominations. Oscar -- Seth -- actress Emma Stone will be announcing them right here tomorrow morning you can watch it live on GMA we're so excited we thought we pay ", "lot of laughs but also it's a real drama it's what and what it cats and that's only Sean and Ryan Gosling yeah.  Emma Stone  and Nick Nolte drive comes in this is unsolved did you see Nick Nolte came to the premiere of the he was in the road ", "it cats and that's -- -- only Sean and Ryan Gosling yeah. Emma Stone and Nick Nolte drive comes in this is -- unsolved did you see Nick Nolte came to the premiere of the he ", 'Ryan out on the town last night for the premiere of his new movie. Gangster squad with two very lucky ladies his costar  Emma Stone  and his mom I lions seemed like a really nice guy on the heart. Heartthrob proud mom stepped in Gosling longtime girlfriend ', 'his new movie. Gangster squad with two very lucky ladies his costar Emma Stone and his mom -- I lions seemed like a really nice guy on the heart. Heartthrob proud mom stepped in -- Gosling ', "Reporter: From sofia vergara's red carpet perfection, to  emma stone 's glamour, these celebs have a secret weapon to achieve that look. A stylist. And now, you, too, could get fashionable ", "Reporter: From sofia vergara's red carpet perfection, to emma stone's glamour, these celebs have a secret weapon to achieve that look. A stylist. And now, you, too, could get fashionable looks with ", 'can -- well, it certainly looks like they are, in fact, a couple. And we move on, now, in "pop news." We love  emma stone  and andrew garfield. This is the couple edition of "pop news." The power couple eating lunch on saturday, when they ', 'a couple. And we move on, now, in "pop news." We love emma stone and andrew garfield. This is the couple edition of "pop news." The power couple eating lunch on saturday, when they heard that ']