['family drama "Stick Fly" in 2011. Hill joins the already announced Grammy Award- and "American Idol" winner  Fantasia Barrino  in the lively show that will feature 17 musicians and 25 vocalists and dancers. Emmy Award-nominated for his work ', 'Grammy Award-winner  Fantasia Barrino  will star in the Broadway-bound "After Midnight," a musical revue celebrating Duke Ellington\'s years at the famous Cotton ', "George H.W. Bush American Idol Family Connection Which American Idol winner is dating McEntire's stepson? A.  Fantasia Barrino  B. Kelly Clarkson C. Jordin Sparks D. Carrie Underwood The Almost Backup Singer Which successful country music ", 'the first Idol to do so. Diana DeGarmo Diana DeGarmo was only 17 when she finished second to season 3 winner  Fantasia Barrino , so when her label, RCA, pushed her to be the next Kelly Clarkson, she obliged. Her debut album sold less than ', 'Two weeks after  Fantasia Barrino  overdosed on aspirin in an attempt they probably voted for me."  Fantasia Barrino  Says She\'s Speaking With Life back to me." Click here to watch  Fantasia Barrino \'s performance on "Good Morning ', 'Fantasia Barrino \'s recent overdose was no accident. In an interview airing on VH1\'s "Behind the Music" Tuesday, the " American Idol " winner ', "Fantasia Barrino 's troubles could just be starting recently that they were just friends.  Fantasia Barrino  tattooed her lover's name above her heart.  Fantasia Barrino  Faces Potential 'Alientation of Affection ", 'After singer  Fantasia Barrino  swallowed a bottle of aspirin Cook and thought he loved her."  Fantasia Barrino : 911 Tape of \'American Idol not to let Goodspeed audition.  Fantasia Barrino : 911 Tape of \'American Idol ', 'night\'s season nine finale could see that some "Idol" winners had fared professionally better than others. By far,  Fantasia Barrino , Carrie Underwood and the very first "Idol," Kelly Clarkson, had achieved the most success of all the "Idol ', 'all-female top finalists from season three, which included LaToya London, Jasmine Trias, Diana Degarmo and winner  Fantasia Barrino , had the lowest-selling "Idol" tour of all time. Season six, which produced the last female "Idol," Jordin ', 'you see?" Stern claims he would have told Carrie Underwood to lose weight and would have sent season three winner  Fantasia Barrino  packing with a McDonald\'s uniform and some advice: "(Little boys) want a Britney Spears or a Rihanna. Little ', 'movie and then things go down the tubes. Take, for example, former "American Idol"  Fantasia Barrino . I knew that her Lifetime flick "The  Fantasia Barrino  Story," in which she starred as ... um ... herself, would be a stinker, but are ', 'although she received the support of millions of viewers while on the show, she ultimately failed to win. Though  Fantasia Barrino  won "American Idol" that season, Hudson was able to beat out nearly 800 other actresses for a role in the movie ', "More news from American Idol was a little more serious now apparently. Fantasia one was Kabul clears and she's been all but apparently she too was sent to North Carolina hospital. On Monday what they're now calling medication. Overdose but there is being timing of this kind of makes an interesting", 'Fantasia Barrino  was released from the hospital after an apparent drug overdose.']