['Actress releases new book "Devoted" as a sequel to her last paranormal thriller.', "Today joined by multi talented star  Hilary Duff . She's here to talk to us about her new role as Daniels an ABCs of beauty and the briefcase as well as all of her other projects ", "Today -- joined by multi talented star Hilary Duff . She's here to talk to us about her new role as -- Daniels an ABCs of beauty and the briefcase as well ", 'This week in music  Hilary Duff  bases with dignity. Known for being oh so sweet Hillary Duff has decided to show her nasty side. On the title track and dignity ', 'This week in music Hilary Duff bases with dignity. -- -- -- -- -- -- Known for being oh so sweet Hillary Duff has decided to show her ', 'My name is Claudia and I a big fan out from hiding. And few Me why you can like you have kind of. A fun character to play the I was so. I guess I am younger but I am I happen job that. Makes felt tip plant that happened really. Get little creep in Miami and I ten it still kind of indicated that the', "big star. Could this be the next  Hilary Duff . Is he another Will Smith. Fat the mall. When they nobody's  Hilary Duff . Jennifer Love Hewitt was seven old chances of becoming the next  Hilary Duff . Well the is no ordinary thirteen ", "emergence of Hollywood's next big star. Could this -- be the next Hilary Duff . Is he another Will Smith. Fat could this be a young -- -- -- -- -- yourself. The aspiring young actors in ", "played den mother and cheerleader to the mall. When they -- nobody's Hilary Duff . Jennifer Love Hewitt was -- -- seven years old. But I think Jennifer are you saying she -- a drop of a ", 'What an ordinary thirteen year old -- chances of becoming the next Hilary Duff . Well the -- is no ordinary thirteen year old girl. At the age of eight she was starting the -- is winning ', "the papzi pick. Ladies and gentlemen, jessica alba,  hilary duff , and halle berry have been spotted at a round of pumpkin and her 4-year-old daughter were face painting.  Hilary duff  brought her 4-month-old son. We don't have the ", "perfect pumpkin pictures can the papzi pick. Ladies and gentlemen, jessica alba, hilary duff , and halle berry have been spotted at a round of pumpkin picking. Alba and her 4-year-old daughter were face painting. Hilary duff brought her 4-month-old son. We don't have the pictures but we understand george and family were picking pumpkins out east. Harper named ", "janis min saying women are expected to be bombshells, after they give birth. Doesn't give moms a break at all. No,  hilary duff  and others have been getting head lines tore not getting in shape after birth and beyonce went right back to her pre-baby ", "after they give birth. Doesn't give moms a break at all. No, hilary duff and others have been getting head lines tore not getting in shape after birth and beyonce went right back to her pre-baby ", "growing roots and there's even more high profile bundles of joy on the way in 2012. Jennifer Garner Jessica Simpson and  Hilary Duff  have already confirmed due date in the first half of the year and of course all eyes remain focused on the world's ", 'of joy on the way in 2012. Jennifer Garner Jessica Simpson and Hilary Duff have already confirmed -- due date in the first half of the year and of course all eyes remain focused on the ', "in a lot of of the credit situations with people I don't even asked for pictures. Around the neighborhood they see  Hilary Duff  UCLA don't all the time. And I hadn't even had a picture of Khaleda not Atlantis from like not talking a dialing ", "-- -- -- -- -- -- -- Around the neighborhood they see Hilary Duff UCLA don't -- -- -- all the time. And I hadn't even had a picture of Khaleda -- -- not Atlantis from ", "It dunaway wasn't happy that  Hilary Duff  will be stepping into the world that she made famous some body clock. He has been coordinating these cast a real activist yeah ", "It dunaway wasn't happy that Hilary Duff will be stepping into the world that she made famous some body clock. He has been coordinating these cast a real activist ", "certainly some stuff in common yes. let's move on to  Hilary Duff  she has now married I understand her Canadian hockey front of a hundred guests mostly family and friends. And  Hilary Duff  walked on the Vera Wang drafts and that you know her ", "certainly -- some stuff in common yes. -- let's move on to Hilary Duff she has now married I understand her Canadian hockey player. Mike com -- over the weekend -- tell us about your ID news. Well it was really quite an intimate setting it was about in front of a hundred guests mostly family and friends. And Hilary Duff walked on the -- -- -- Vera Wang drafts and that you know her sister. You know -- a little bit after ", 'all these little starlets plunged starlets getting engaged to could be feed bills and hockey players here we have.  Hilary Duff  is now engaged to Mike. Com Reebok rocky planet right. He ripped He popped the question. Few days after about say ', 'to could -- be feed bills and hockey players here we have. Hilary Duff is now engaged to Mike. Com Reebok rocky planet right. He ripped -- He popped the question. Few days after about -- ', "there's. Continued problems and that relations yes that is a recipe for bickering and and finish now in other news  Hilary Duff  has spilled the beans about her upcoming wedding can you tell us what's going on here as well she's very exciting ", "a recipe for bickering and -- and finish now in other news Hilary Duff has spilled the beans about her upcoming wedding -- -- -- -- can you tell us what's going on here as well ", "that same thing could happen with a different team a girls' varsity team. We trying to kill people look we did get  Hilary Duff  are just as thick as perhaps. The coach knows this kind of loss could cause pain for the players so he's taking out ", "varsity team. We trying to kill people look -- we did get Hilary Duff are just as thick as perhaps. The coach knows this kind of loss could cause pain for the players so he's taking ", "think. That she should have been taking anti depressants are not for crying out loud not for you have the infantile  Hilary Duff  and Lindsay Lohan to the obscure. Elvis Presley and Robert way. Almost hated Robert way couldn't stand watching ", "for crying out loud -- not for -- you have the infantile Hilary Duff and Lindsay Lohan to the obscure. Elvis Presley and Robert way. Almost hated Robert -- way couldn't stand watching him on TV. "]