['Researchers see a 400 percent increase in deaths linked to prescription pills since 1999.', "doing really really really well but it was scary He was seriously injured that's good to hear thank you so much  Jamie Lee Curtis  thanks so much for joining us. Thank you take good care you guys. Jamie Lee thanks so much for being here.", "He was seriously injured that's good to hear thank you so much Jamie Lee Curtis thanks so much for joining us. Thank you take good care you guys. Jamie Lee -- thanks so much for being here. ", "Hi I'm  Jamie Lee Curtis  and and the July August issue cover girl or magazine on newsstands now. Striking some of my favorite F word poses but fit focused ", "Hi I'm Jamie Lee Curtis and -- and the July August issue cover girl or magazine on newsstands now. Striking some of my favorite F word poses ", "he would have to feel it in your for enemy actually  Jamie Lee Curtis  and I who play for enemies. We really enjoyed using cares how they're doing in high school so much and  Jamie Lee Curtis  plays the popular girl in high school when you come ", "he would have to feel it in your -- for enemy actually Jamie Lee Curtis and I who play for enemies. We really enjoyed using that word we say for -- for short I don't. You know the idea of someone you sort of kind of miss want to impress but still kind of have to be wary of is something I think we all kind of remember from high school reunion because. Everyone cares how they're doing in high school so much and Jamie Lee Curtis plays the popular girl in high school when you come back. With a vengeance -- roar back is a big success and ", "trust me. It's not thinking we're teaming up with  Jamie Lee Curtis  and more magazine to help you embrace the many F words yet she's in the health look it up and a. I'm  Jamie Lee Curtis  and I and the July August issue cover girl or magazine ", "it but trust me. It's not -- thinking we're teaming up with Jamie Lee Curtis and more magazine to help you embrace the many F words and life. Fun fearless and fabulous just to name a few ", "yet she's in the health look it up and a. -- I'm Jamie Lee Curtis and I and the July August issue cover girl or magazine on newsstands now. Striking some of my favorite F word poses ", "musical all good call we didn't have. Panda there even better oh my gosh Added he doesn't want to read it was  Jamie Lee Curtis  had a very interesting op on the Huff Huffington Post Maria McFarland and he posting. Oscars she was not what I am ", "oh my gosh -- Added he doesn't want to read it was Jamie Lee Curtis had a very interesting op -- on the Huff -- Huffington Post Maria McFarland and he posting. -- -- Oscars she was ", "they go to that. These are women. Where you've had movies that we must also I remember blue steel really well and  Jamie Lee Curtis  that. Police uniform before and has to offer carrying progress But. Is this in your mind that people are going to ", 'movies that we must also I remember blue steel really well and Jamie Lee Curtis that. Police uniform before and has to offer carrying progress -- But. Is this in your mind that people are going to ', "ten's Sharon Osbourne Julie Chen Sara Gilbert Cheryl Underwood and you should Tyler the big season premiere even guest  Jamie Lee Curtis  is gonna go stands a make up. And Chen said we decided the ultimate way to be real and authentic would be to go on ", 'Underwood and you should Tyler the big season premiere even -- guest Jamie Lee Curtis is gonna go stands -- a make up. And Chen said we decided the ultimate way to be real and authentic would ', 'Yeah.  Jamie Lee Curtis  is writing about her addiction to painkillers. She says happened after routine cosmetic surgery He says the morphine became a ', 'Yeah. Jamie Lee Curtis is writing about her addiction to painkillers. She says happened after routine cosmetic surgery He says the morphine became a warm kidnapped ', 'open talkback anything with me. But the healing process is tricky with such public scrutiny of their private lives.  Jamie Lee Curtis  the daughter of Hollywood herself wrote a blog. I have had trauma as a fight head trauma and cameras pointed me all ', 'healing process is tricky with such public scrutiny of their private lives. Jamie Lee Curtis the daughter of Hollywood -- herself wrote a blog. I have had trauma as a fight head trauma and cameras pointed -- ', "Madonna launched a clothing and accessories line with her daughter Lourdes and called what. And celebrities from  Jamie Lee Curtis  to Christie Yamaguchi Julie Andrews have written children's books Celebrity stylist and new mom Rachel so it really ", "with her daughter Lourdes and called what. -- -- And celebrities from Jamie Lee Curtis to Christie Yamaguchi -- Julie Andrews have written children's books -- Celebrity stylist and new mom Rachel so it really is famous ", 'all. Really frankly it was terrible Secaucus new again. And basically it has some big heavy hitter actresses as  Jamie Lee Curtis  Sigourney Weaver Kristen Bell. It deals with two people who did not like each other in high school and fast forward ', 'again. And basically it has some big heavy hitter -- actresses as Jamie Lee Curtis Sigourney Weaver Kristen Bell. It deals with two people who did not like each other in high school and fast forward a ', "Janet with he started to dean for. I don't recommend it hasn't happened in They had two children one an actress  Jamie Lee Curtis  his last marriage was to a woman 45 years his junior. any eyewitness. He turned television in the second half and ", 'happened in -- -- They had two children one -- an actress Jamie Lee Curtis his last marriage was to a woman 45 years his junior. -- any eyewitness. He turned television in the second half and ', "doesn't care who you wore for example. Tom Arnold.  Jamie Lee Curtis  and going straight stay and many others talk about It's a moment that she and other celebrities like  Jamie Lee Curtis  and Tom Arnold candidly reveal what Christopher can ", "and non -- doesn't care who you wore for example. Tom Arnold. Jamie Lee Curtis and going straight stay and many others talk about their experience and a brand new book. By member of one of America's ", "moment of clarity. It's a moment that she and other celebrities like Jamie Lee Curtis and Tom Arnold candidly reveal what Christopher can deal offered some new book moments of clarity. I just wanted to stop drinking ", 'foundation. Has put out some new guidelines for proper digestion will be talking about them with. Two of our guests  Jamie Lee Curtis  well known actors. And doctor Peter holt who is a Castro and and professor of medicine at Columbia University they ', 'proper digestion will be talking about them with. Two of our guests Jamie Lee Curtis well known actors. And doctor Peter holt who is a Castro and -- -- and professor of medicine at Columbia University they ', 'But Honda is not gonna sell you this car its initial plan is to the car only about half a dozen Hollywood types like  Jamie Lee Curtis  and Christopher Guest. Apparently trying to generate some buzz mass production is still at least a decade away in ', 'to -- the car only about half a dozen Hollywood types like Jamie Lee Curtis and Christopher Guest. Apparently trying to generate some buzz mass production is still at least a decade away in the meantime. The ', 'Honda is not gonna sell you this car its initial plan is to the car only to about half a dozen Hollywood types like  Jamie Lee Curtis  and Christopher Guest. Apparently trying to generate some buzz.', '-- the car only to about half a dozen Hollywood types like Jamie Lee Curtis and Christopher Guest. Apparently trying to generate some buzz. ', "was to. and I think that she's just one of those seen actresses who understands that you know you know who else  Jamie Lee Curtis  and against him. Did say in answered before and after air rushing to showed just how dramatic it is. But you know ", 'those seen actresses who understands that you know you know who else Jamie Lee Curtis and -- against him. Did say in answered before and after air rushing to showed just how dramatic it is. But you ', "asked unison and photos of your favorite sport that it's time to announce the winner. More magazine cover girl  Jamie Lee Curtis  and the magazine's editor in chief Leslie day the market It. Welcome ladies six world ticket we're all the F ", "-- that it's time to announce the winner. More magazine cover girl Jamie Lee Curtis and the magazine's editor in chief Leslie day the market -- It. Welcome ladies six world ticket we're all -- -- the ", 'at the hotel and goes on killing spree in pursuit of Britney. Now the movie is based on an earlier movies starring  Jamie Lee Curtis  is is set to be good news screen clean. Well let you know the original prom night is really cult classic and this ', 'of Britney. Now the movie is based on an earlier movies starring Jamie Lee Curtis is -- -- -- is set to be good news screen clean. Well let you know the original prom night is really ']