["many of us have  gum disease  and are potentially some form of  gum disease  I'm thinking before I'm sure  brushing  and  flossing  there are good for advanced  gum disease  is the untreated that you know  gingivitis  or chronic infection ", "80% of adults have some form of gum disease and most don't even know it. Many patients -- diagnosed with moderate to severe gum disease face an invasive and often painful procedure to treat the problem. But a new option might change all that. We'll get the ", "be here. Well let's Begin what is this laser assisted. Therapy for gum disease which I understand otherwise as is pretty pretty invasive for patients. Laser assisted new attachment procedure also known as -- out. Is a means to treat gum disease using a laser -- this scalpel and and sutures surgery. And the process what we do is after proper -- Donald diagnosis ", "how available is this because certainly it's so many of us have gum disease and are potentially facing. Invasive surgery another less invasive alternative is very appealing. Yes we have about 700 Dennis -- across the ", "if you're not  brushing  and the right way. You probably have  gum disease  recent studies That if you have  gum disease  which again more we won't have  bad breath . The problem is meal from your  brushing  at least half an ", "you know what -- week left to breakfast that we won't have bad breath . The problem is open your mouth -- she wins bacteria that initial contamination they build up plaque to get the market keep as soon as possible but also. Act you have breakfast for the city food actually weakens the enamel and your teeth to you brush your teeth after a mile you actually pretty Ricky. He would separate your meal from your brushing -- at least half an hour and I want all of America that from now want first when you get in the ", 'Gum disease  is one of the most common chronic infections in adults Where 60% more likely to have moderate signs of  gum disease . And 300%. More likely to have serious  gum disease  than those who did not use the drug. The increased ', 'Gum disease is one of the most common chronic infections in adults inflammation can reach the entities causing them to become loose and potentially ', 'the most marijuana. Where 60% more likely to have moderate signs of gum disease . And 300%. More likely to have serious gum disease than those who did not use the drug. The increased risk held true even for those who did not smoke tobacco. Researchers ', "the same the same ones that are  bad breath . Even more concentrated. Small the it's not gonna get really  bad breath  and all it's gonna do is feed the bacteria that cause.  Bad breath tooth decay  plaque. You know you don't ", "-- can be -- -- -- the it's not gonna get really bad breath and all it's gonna do is feed the bacteria that cause. Bad breath tooth decay plaque. You know you don't want that I know we're talking about the -- but without sugar free -- that have meant ", 'not alone. The American academy of cosmetic industry says  teeth whitening  is the most requested cosmetic dental service but. You to their They line the shelves of drug stores dozens of  teeth whitening  products from strips to to Mount Washington promising peroxide ', "extra why you're not alone. The American academy of cosmetic industry says teeth whitening is the most requested cosmetic dental service but. You know some folks get a little carried away. When it comes of bleaching ", "to their -- They line the shelves of drug stores dozens of teeth whitening products from strips to -- -- to Mount Washington promising peroxide perfection. It's professional level -- Fifty mining industry is booming to ", "approach to fighting  tooth decay  so He is  brushing  off conventional wisdom waging a battle against  tooth decay . Combining ancient could revolutionize  dental health  around the world He says don't stop  brushing  and it's important ", "the safe and natural powder. Would put into lolly -- could revolutionize dental health around the world He hopes they'll help underprivileged kids the elderly. And those in Third World countries protect their teeth. The regiments two -- a day for ten days four times a year we did an informal taste test. Hey thanks very. But doctor she says don't stop brushing and it's important for a lot of reasons beyond cavity fighting. Major oral health companies are talking to -- eager to get ", "It's not impossible that. Stress is causing  bad breath  there is a link between.  Gum disease  and stress which may influence that or how says it's also known. One of the other factors that actually might come into play ", "It's not impossible that. Stress is causing bad breath there is a link between. Gum disease and stress which may influence that -- or how -- says it's also known. One of the other factors that actually might ", 'inflammation of the school.  Gingivitis  and another thing that we is a more advanced form of  gum disease  these generally combined with the mouth. By treating the  gum disease  we can reduce the health care disease and also the presence of  gum disease  really  gum disease  remains ', "thing that we look for is generalized inflammation of the -- school. Gingivitis and another thing that we look for. It's period -- -- which is a more advanced form of gum disease these generally combined with other symptoms like dry mouth. Burning -- or even of generalized burning sensation in the now. They are ", "showed that by improving the health of the mouth. By treating the gum disease we can reduce the health care costs related. Continue the management of patients with diabetes by as much as 21%. That's a ", "-- tests that can show. Cardiovascular disease and also the presence of gum disease really gum disease remains epidemic. Get over 80% of the American public is walking around with gum disease . And one of the things that we're finding is that everything we knew about disease is changing we're starting to look at ", 'accident or from bad  gum disease  the that. Yellow mind immediately is  gum disease .  Gum disease  in the very early not only to our  dental health . But our children careful about the  brushing  in the  flossing  no big deal. What ', 'about dental experience especially when it comes not only to our -- dental health . But our children. Right. Well I think radiation is a lot in the news the status and so you do have to ', "to an -- followed anyway if we're not super careful about the brushing in the flossing no big deal. What we do get a lot of second chances in life and them permanent teeth are another one of nature's second chances. -- -- yet. You. But baby -- they're really really critical and and the development of the jaw of the face and the shape in alignment of the permanent teeth. So it's really really critical that parents -- dental health . And and take their -- that take their child to that Aniston and an appropriate age and they're not sure that should ", "things for us  bad breath  plaque. Right  gum disease  exactly and Humans with  gum disease  can end up it'll help  flossing  actions and humans. Jump  healthy gums  peak and he's got  gum disease  so what are the causing  bad breath  or  gum disease", 'bacteria in their mouth write produce sulfur compounds which in the causing bad breath or gum disease Even on allergic to cats take on around. Instantly and a few weasel into effort to keep its innocent that the that ', "I love this this apparently was a story back out of Kuwait where this cop. Pulls a guy over and sites and would have been  bad breath  I'm glad that I met and that guy. So little unclear exactly what grounds. You know what charge that guy could face or ", "this cop. Pulls a guy over and sites and would have been bad breath -- I'm glad that I -- met and that guy. So little unclear exactly what grounds. You know what charge that guy ", "many of us have  gum disease  and are potentially some form of  gum disease  I'm thinking before I'm sure  brushing  and  flossing  there are good for advanced  gum disease  is the untreated that you know  gingivitis  or chronic infection ", "that claims it can also we'll talk about a new procedure for gum disease that might make a visit to the dentist less painful. Right now I'm healthy life. Welcome to healthy life in productive Timothy ", "joining us today. Thank you 80% of adults have some form of gum disease and most don't even know it. Many patients -- diagnosed with moderate to severe gum disease face an invasive and often painful procedure to treat the problem. But a new option might change all that. We'll get the ", "here. Well let's Begin what is this laser assisted. Therapy for a gum disease which I understand otherwise as is for -- -- pretty invasive for patients. Laser assisted new attachment procedure also known as -- out. Is a means to treat gum disease using a laser -- scalpel and and -- surgery. And the process what we do is after proper -- Donald diagnosis with ", 'probably pay about 500 dollars for  teeth whitening  but at those mall kiosks they charge undercover erratic kiosks offering  teeth whitening . Uses an okay job. And thirty the regulators are taking action against other  teeth whitening  companies. South Carolina shut down ', "Here in -- dentist's office you'll probably pay about 500 dollars for teeth whitening but at those mall kiosks they charge just fifty to a hundred dollars. That -- the gloves the chair it all looks very gentle but it's not. You're in the middle of a mall. Are Cincinnati affiliate WC PO went undercover erratic kiosks offering teeth whitening . -- Uses an okay job. And thirty the. But that's wrong it's not hydrogen peroxide its carbon -- peroxide if they were ", 'a bad life. Some state regulators are taking action against other -- teeth whitening companies. South Carolina shut down several bleaching kiosks were practicing dentistry without a license. Oklahoma and North Carolina filed suits alleging the ', 'Mythbusters. Americans spend millions each year. In pursuit of the perfect. Pearly whites emphasis on the life but all of those  teeth whitening  products really work new consumer reports study found that. Many whitening toothpaste simply do not live up to the claims ', 'perfect. Pearly whites emphasis on the life but -- all of those teeth whitening products really work -- new consumer reports study found that. Many whitening toothpaste simply do not live up to the claims. In ', "periodontal or  gum disease . Had a 63 symptoms of  gum disease  or retain that you've been.  brushing  them or  flossing  them. As a talk about  brushing  and  flossing  because they treatments for  gum disease  but. I think ", "important information to him -- -- this morning 80% of adults have gum disease . And there is new evidence about gum disease and even cancer. This latest evidence you referred to comes from the Harvard school public health and ongoing survey of male health professionals over 51000 data from 86202. Suggested that. Men who had periodontal or gum disease . Had a 63%. Increased risk for pancreatic cancer and non smokers among them the risk was -- very surprising. And we don't ", "the bloodstream and travel elsewhere in the money. And the symptoms of gum disease or retain that really simple. Symptoms of the low grade -- -- serious comes as well there are some low grade symptoms that people might. Passover easily such as minor swelling or soreness. But the one symptom that amazes me honestly the people do pass over all the time this blood after they've been brushing their teeth. -- -- -- Nothing serious goes away for a couple days if you have bleeding from your gums after you've been. -- brushing them or flossing them. As a sign of serious disease and that's obviously trying to get to the -- and incubating potentially something far worse okay prevention. Well as you know we always talk about brushing and flossing because they are the mainstay is it's important to get instructions how to do it right with from a dental digest. Most ", "big big thing to do. And to that there are treatments for gum disease but. I think everybody's got to know it's urgent this is not something you can leave around that's right because it can ", "pull these web  bad breath  nor can get that suction when you get  gingivitis . That gum challenged loss cavities  gingivitis  and fight is actually minutes to brush  flossing  and it's about two minutes of  brushing  real truth talked more of the tooth  brushing  alone and He not ", "and folks all over America worked torture by Colin pull these web bad breath nor can get that bad news reason that's important days we all think Klestil important heart disease. Did you know that the health of your -- is a more important predictor when you can have a heart attack with a -- that we see you around the kind of give us an indication what the -- with the animation that -- -- -- -- sure -- -- Joseph -- studies that are more important here's an -- that was a panoramic view of your -- -- you -- in them -- old -- is held in place by the -- and the border around those -- like suction -- when you get gingivitis . That gum challenged and beat beefy Red Sox to bleed the -- under also -- to pull away from the tooth. Let's suction a couple of since and it too comes out but -- gingerbread is a much more common cause of that. -- loss -- cavities gingivitis and fight is actually in adults now cavities are a problem to would you use cheap bacteria get through the enamel to penetrate through the -- Ultimately getting to nerve root once they get -- get on a terrible eight campaign. That we know is associated. With them finding the root canal but certainly some dental office work so we -- two minutes to brush flossing and it's about an -- in the basics. Well -- -- took two minutes of brushing real truth talked about I threat yeah I've -- loses two minutes of -- Right through it tooth brush away every two months. -- because they get -- -- yet you want factory circulated around and washing is critical because watching gets to 40% more of the tooth brushing alone and He not gonna spend money -- washing save that money could you need to prevent the bills and eventually ER ", 'Weaning children off bottles earlier prevents  tooth decay  and iron deficiency.', "know how important  brushing  and  flossing  keep your in good actually leads to  gum disease  and cavities not  flossing  not flopped on that there when your  brushing  and night times let's move on to  brushing  he says he's seen ", "Russian. -- what yes I'm -- because often seen actually leads to gum disease and cavities not flossing not flopped on that can you demonstration that. On how to properly plots RT yes and I have a piece of -- ", "antibacterial, antimicrobial ask for a soap that's just plain soap. Don't take chanthe chance. Is it in all toothpastes. It has been shown to prevent some  gum disease  but soaps, body washes, no reason to go that way. Thanks so much.", 'Is it in all toothpastes. It has been shown to prevent some gum disease but soaps, body washes, no reason to go that way. Thanks so much. ']