['Frequent  dental X - rays  , particularly about a third of  brain tumors  detected in the of developing a  meningioma  if performed before dentists should order  dental X - rays  "only when necessary reviewed histories of  dental X - rays  among 1,433 ', 'because they require much higher radiation doses than other radiographic procedures, such as standard X-rays,  dental X - rays , and mammography. "The amount of radiation Americans are exposed to from medical imaging has dramatically increased ', 'means a complete oral examination on at least an annual basis -- twice a year is even better -- which may include  dental X - rays  to locate problems just as it does with your own dentist. If there are problems, your veterinarian will recommend ', "more than good dental hygiene and regular cleanings.  Dental X - rays  can show potential abnormalities that your dentist healthy your teeth really are. Here's a list of what  dental X - rays  can be used to identify, courtesy of the U.S. National ", 'victims had to be identified by  dental X - rays . In that case, "more than 2 distortions that commonly appear in  dental X - rays . Kosuge and her colleagues tested POC software while analyzing the  dental X - rays  of 60 Japanese patients both before ', 'HealthDay News) -- Ordinary  dental X - rays  may hold the key to identifying and fragmentation, in routine  dental X - rays . The study enrolled 651 women also analyzed a small area of  dental X - rays  that showed a certain type of ', "in the air we breathe. Every year, the average U.S. citizen is exposed to natural radiation equal to about 360  dental X - rays . The reporters and protesters probably didn't know that, but even if they did, they'd still be upset because ", "Study Links Dental X -Rays  to Low Birth Weight; Don't Cancel Your Appointment Yet", "suggest pregnant women getting  dental X - rays  are more likely to have underweight new study is the first to link  dental X - rays  with low birth weight and full-term as those who didn't receive  dental X - rays . For full-term infants only ", "suggest pregnant women getting  dental X - rays  are more likely to have underweight new study is the first to link  dental X - rays  with low birth weight and full-term as those who didn't receive  dental X - rays . For full-term infants only ", 'accidental re-entry, the effects on Earth s population over 50 years would be less than the amount of radiation from  dental X - rays  or a round-trip flight across the United States, according to NASA.', 'anymore. The Power of X-Ray Vision Researchers at the State University of New York at Buffalo believe that panoramic  dental X - rays  can warn of an impending heart attack or stroke. These X-rays often show the carotid arteries in the neck, the ', "tennis to connect in those with.  Brain tumors  doctor Richard Spencer. Is here them to a similar group without  brain tumors  and they asked them to remember. trees they've had  dental X rays  over the course of their life ", "you get a checkup at the tennis to connect in those with. Brain tumors doctor Richard Spencer. Is here with more and it when people first heard this this is came out. Overnight they're they're scratching their head a little bit with the headline. I mean this is this sounds very scary you're going to be hearing a lot about that states -- -- to explain it. Here they looked at more than 14100 people who at one -- brain tumor called -- and -- genome and they compared them to a similar group without brain tumors and they asked them to remember. -- trees they've had dental X rays over the course of their life. What they found was those with the tumors were twice as likely to remember having a ", "out this morning that. Thinks  dental X rays  to brain cancer researchers discovered If they've had bite leading  dental X rays  at least once a year. The brain greater in those who have had full  dental X rays  prior to age ten. While the findings ", "And now its use medical headline just out this morning that. Thinks dental X rays to brain cancer researchers -- -- discovered patients are more likely to develop a common type of brain cancer. If they've had bite leading dental X rays at least once a year. The brain cancer risk was five times greater in those who have had full -- dental X rays prior to age ten. While the findings in today's kids -- journal seem alarming the researchers say much more study. Needs to ", "We asked ABC's medical editor doctor Richard to brief us on. What this means. It's scary because we all get.  Dental X rays  of the most frequent source of man made radiation in your life. The researchers compared to adults who have had to ", "brief us on. What this means. It's scary because we all get. Dental X rays of the most frequent source of man made radiation in your life. The researchers compared to adults who have had to bring ", "tested at the dentist's office  dental X rays  include pictures of bones in the tested 671. Women. To see how well  dental X rays  measured bone density. They compared results from the  dental X rays  with traditional bone test and ", "potentially. He and surprising way to get tested at the dentist's office dental X rays include pictures of bones in the mouth. And -- bones can be measured to detect osteoporosis. Researchers in Amsterdam tested 671. Women. To see how well dental X rays measured bone density. They compared results from the dental X rays with traditional bone test and found that the X rays were just as good at predicting osteoporosis. According to the researchers dentists ", "think radiation is a lot in the news the status and so you do have to be pay careful attention. A wanted to say that  dental X rays  perhaps the most the diagnostic the best tool that we have them. And unless you're Dennis his Superman there's ", "have to be pay careful attention. A wanted to say that -- dental X rays perhaps the most -- the diagnostic -- the best tool that we have them. And unless you're Dennis his Superman there's no "]