['Christine Taylor ("The Brady Bunch Movie") is 42. Comedian Dean Edwards ("Saturday Night Live") is 40. Actress  Hilary Swank  is 39. Actress Jaime Pressly is 36. Singer-guitarist Seth Avett of The Avett Brothers is 33. Actress Yvonne Strahovski ', "fees to charity. It is not known how much Lopez was paid for her performance in Turkmenistan. In 2011, Oscar winner  Hilary Swank  apologized after attending a birthday party for Chechen leader Ramzan Kadyrov by saying she didn't have a full understanding ", 'is the one that spoke to me in the end." Hathaway isn\'t the only Oscar winner to have made a quick dress switch.  Hilary Swank , two-time Oscar winner, reportedly changed her dresses last minute before going on to win an award each time.', "joined by the Gay Men's Chorus of Los Angeles to call out Meryl Streep, Anne Hathaway, Naomi Watts, Jodie Foster,  Hilary Swank  and countless others who we've seen nude in film. Jokes that Bombed Not every joke funnyman Seth MacFarlane made ", 'feeling: "I would like to be Jupiter! And kidnap everybody and lie down in the firmament making love to everybody."  Hilary Swank  - Best Actress, Million Dollar Baby An overwhelmed Swank picked up her second best actress award by saying "I\'m ', '(x17)  Hilary Swank  debuted her new man last month, and it looks as if the two are getting more serious. The 38-year-old actress stepped out ', 'Jeff Vespa/VF11/WireImage/Getty Images  Hilary Swank  and her boyfriend John Campisi have called it quits after five years together, reports People . The pair apparently split earlier ', 'When Harry Kidnapped Sally,\' \'You Got Mailbomb,\' and \'Planet of the Rapes?\'" In character, Cohen also skewers  Hilary Swank \'s recent PR misstep in which she claims she unknowingly took $2 million from a suspected war criminal to attend his ', 'When Harry Kidnapped Sally,\' \'You Got Mailbomb,\' and \'Planet of the Rapes?\'" In character, Cohen also skewers  Hilary Swank \'s recent PR misstep in which she claims she unknowingly took $2 million from a suspected war criminal to attend his ', "Sacha Baron Cohen Warns of 'Unimaginable Consequences' If He's Not at the Oscars", 'When Harry Kidnapped Sally,\' \'You Got Mailbomb,\' and \'Planet of the Rapes?\'" In character, Cohen also skewers  Hilary Swank \'s recent PR misstep in which she claims she unknowingly took $2 million from a suspected war criminal to attend his ', '7, divorced in October 2007. Three years later, Witherspoon tied the knot with Hollywood agent Jim Toth.  Hilary Swank Hilary Swank  won her second Best Actress Oscar in 2005 for her role as the amateur boxing star Maggie Fitzgerald in "Million ', 'him back in the Oscar race, where he hasn\'t been since 2008\'s "Vicky Cristina Barcelona." 4. Gender bend.  Hilary Swank  worked this formula to success with 1999\'s "Boys Don\'t Cry." This time around, best actress hopeful Glenn Close ', 'Making It Work: Celebrity Marriage Wisdom From Donny Osmond and, Yes, Gene Simmons', 'after they win the award. It\'s called the Best Actress Curse." Jacobs cited Julia Roberts, Reese Witherspoon,  Hilary Swank , Halle Berry and Charlize Theron. Watch the full story on how celebrity marriages last -- and how they don\'t ', "From transformer herself for her role in Boys Don't Cry at a pumping up for Million Dollar Baby  Hilary Swank  is known for doing whatever it takes to get in the character. Now on her new movie freedom riders when real life inner city teacher ", "in Boys Don't Cry at a pumping up for Million Dollar Baby Hilary Swank is known for doing whatever it takes to get in the character. Now on her new movie freedom riders when -- -- ", "don't throw stones at j. Lo just yet. She's not the first artist to perform for a notorious leaders. In 2011  hilary swank  attended a birthday party for this president known for a slew of issues. She apologized and beyonce, 50 cent, usher ", 'not the first artist to perform for a notorious leaders. In 2011 hilary swank attended a birthday party for this president known for a slew of issues. She apologized and beyonce, 50 cent, usher and mariah ', "get she's thrilled for the success of the show. is also an award winning director of movies like conviction with  Hilary Swank . He recently directed his first episode of scandal and we weren't there to tag on location scouting trips. And she's ", "-- is also an award winning director of movies like conviction with Hilary Swank . He recently directed his first episode of scandal and we weren't there to tag -- on location scouting trips. And she's looking ", "gets she's thrilled for the success of the show. is also an award winning director of movies like conviction with  Hilary Swank . He recently directed his first episode of scandal and we weren't there to tag and location scouting trips. And ", "-- is also an award winning director of movies like conviction with Hilary Swank . He recently directed his first episode of scandal and we weren't there to tag -- and location scouting trips. And she's looking ", "seacrest, it was a last-minute decision. I didn't know what I was wearing until about three hours ago. Reporter:  Hilary swank  is no stranger to the last-minute switch. She reportedly changed her mind before walking the red carpet twice before ", "didn't know what I was wearing until about three hours ago. Reporter: Hilary swank is no stranger to the last-minute switch. She reportedly changed her mind before walking the red carpet twice before. And went on ", "but it wasn't just Brad actually launched the careers of dozens of young stars come to live. Matthew Perry brought  Hilary Swank  and you what do you joking. And of course Leonardo DiCaprio when Yes whom receivers adopted favorite memory. Levinson ", 'of dozens of young stars -- come to live. Matthew Perry brought Hilary Swank -- and you what do you joking. And of course Leonardo DiCaprio when -- Yes whom receivers adopted favorite -- -- memory. ', "mentioned the director. hairdresser my assistants. want to think he academy other films on heart Jeff sharp problem  Hilary Swank  forgot to thank her husband. her ex husband brought this piece of Paper because I knew I couldn't forget anyone ", "think he academy other films on heart Jeff sharp -- -- problem Hilary Swank forgot to thank her husband. -- her ex husband brought this piece of Paper because I knew I couldn't forget anyone. This "]