['NASCAR takes to the sky: Dale Earnhardt Jr. goes for a ride with  the Blue Angels', "preschool audience. We're teaching their ABC's 12 trees and so on. But to teach them traditional family values  the blue angels  are saying with the children the importance of being tying them and of cooperating with being honest and being generous ", 'and so on. But to teach them traditional family values -- -- the blue angels are saying with the children the importance of being tying them and of cooperating with being honest and being generous and so ', 'every two weeks.Ivilian employees of the pentagon will be forced to take off one unpaid day every week. The  navy  legendary  blue angels  will be grounded, cancelling 28 upcoming air shows. During the campaign, the president flatly declared the ', 'will be forced to take off one unpaid day every week. The navy legendary blue angels will be grounded, cancelling 28 upcoming air shows. During the campaign, the president flatly declared the cuts would never take place. It ', "colony a flock of burn. The flock of startling uses self organize there's no leader there's no communication.  The blue angels  can do three choreographed stuff. But He couldn't chase a plane with the precision of a flock of birds can do ", "flock of startling uses self organize there's no leader there's no communication. The blue angels can do three choreographed stuff. But He couldn't chase a plane with the precision of a flock of birds can do. Economist ", "colony a flock of burn. The flock of startling uses self organize there's no leader there's no communication.  The blue angels  can do three choreographed stuff. But He couldn't chase a plane with the precision of a flock of birds can do ", "flock of startling uses self organize there's no leader there's no communication. The blue angels can do three choreographed stuff. But He couldn't chase a plane with the precision of a flock of birds can do. Economist ", "America's friends McCain but there's never any adventure larger than the ones right here in USA. I loved flying with  the blue angels  making them go faster until I passed out RTZ yeah. I cave diving with a group of women in Lexington Virginia. Who ", 'larger than the ones right here in USA. I loved flying with the blue angels making them go faster until I passed out RTZ yeah. I -- cave diving with a group of women in Lexington Virginia. ', 'team. The passion started with the very first the barnstorm murders in the 1920s. And really took off with the  navy blue angels . Today these shows are used to showcase the best And speaking of the vast army got Sean Tucker is the leader of ', 'the barnstorm murders in the 1920s. And really took off with the navy blue angels Today these shows are used to showcase the best -- -- And speaking of the vast army got Sean Tucker is the ', "spectators have been safe not everyone on the ground here been so fortunate. Earlier this year in South Carolina the  navy 's famed  blue angels ' their 44 pilot. When he crashed into a neighborhood damaging three homes and injuring eight people. And ", "here -- been so fortunate. Earlier this year in South Carolina the navy's famed blue angels' -- their 44 pilot. When he crashed into a neighborhood damaging three homes and injuring eight people. And in California in 2004. "]