["out this morning that. Thinks  dental X rays  to brain cancer researchers discovered If they've had bite leading  dental X rays  at least once a year. The brain greater in those who have had full  dental X rays  prior to age ten. While the findings ", "And now its use medical headline just out this morning that. Thinks dental X rays to brain cancer researchers -- -- discovered patients are more likely to develop a common type of brain cancer. If they've had bite leading dental X rays at least once a year. The brain cancer risk was five times greater in those who have had full -- dental X rays prior to age ten. While the findings in today's kids -- journal seem alarming the researchers say much more study. Needs to ", "We asked ABC's medical editor doctor Richard to brief us on. What this means. It's scary because we all get.  Dental X rays  of the most frequent source of man made radiation in your life. The researchers compared to adults who have had to ", "brief us on. What this means. It's scary because we all get. Dental X rays of the most frequent source of man made radiation in your life. The researchers compared to adults who have had to bring ", "tested at the dentist's office  dental X rays  include pictures of bones in the tested 671. Women. To see how well  dental X rays  measured bone density. They compared results from the  dental X rays  with traditional bone test and ", "potentially. He and surprising way to get tested at the dentist's office dental X rays include pictures of bones in the mouth. And -- bones can be measured to detect osteoporosis. Researchers in Amsterdam tested 671. Women. To see how well dental X rays measured bone density. They compared results from the dental X rays with traditional bone test and found that the X rays were just as good at predicting osteoporosis. According to the researchers dentists ", "think radiation is a lot in the news the status and so you do have to be pay careful attention. A wanted to say that  dental X rays  perhaps the most the diagnostic the best tool that we have them. And unless you're Dennis his Superman there's ", "have to be pay careful attention. A wanted to say that -- dental X rays perhaps the most -- the diagnostic -- the best tool that we have them. And unless you're Dennis his Superman there's no "]