['A cheap price on lousy merchandise is no deal. You can find product evaluations at a number of sites, including Consumer Reports, Good Housekeeping and CNET (for electronics). You should also check customer reviews on Amazon.com and other shopping sites. ', 'Hautelook.com: Sign up (free!) for this online sample-sale site and pay half price plus for books, clothing, jewelry, and more.', 'Offers.com: This site has a roundup of current offers from companies and retailers, so you can plan ahead.', 'Pricegrabber.com: Use this site, a standout price-comparison search engine from our recent test of the top 25, to find the best deals on everything from small-ticket items like books and DVDs to big-ticket splurges such as TVs and computers. ', 'Sale.com: See what\'s on sale, sorted by brand, item, and merchant. Personalize what pops up by creating a "my sale" window.', 'Twitter.com: Follow @earlybird to be notified first of exclusive savings from certain merchants.', "Zingsale.com: Type in an item you're hoping will drop in price, and this site will alert you if it does.", 'Also, watch out for sites that lure you in with low prices on the merchandise and then clobber you with a huge shipping fee. The editors at Shop Smart magazine discovered that when one of their secret shoppers went looking for a garden tool. It was advertised for $19.99, a great price. But not after the shipping charges were added on at checkout. The final price came to $56.80, no deal at all.', 'Keep in mind: most price-matching policies do not apply to online offers or warehouse clubs.', 'Consumer experts disagree. They say these service contracts are generally a bad deal for the customer.', 'Consumer Reports says there are two cases where an extra warranty may be worth considering: if it extends tech support and repair coverage for a computer beyond the factory warranty, or it provides accidental damage coverage for a laptop, netbook or tablet that will be used on the go.', 'Agree to apply for the card and the store is going to check your credit report. That inquiry can affect your credit score. If you are approved and put a balance on that card, this will also affect your credit score.']