[' companies promise to negotiate with your creditors to get them to settle for a fraction of what you actually owe, typically 40 to 60 cents on the dollar. But do they really deliver? We took a look at one such ', ' companies claiming they can get your creditors to settle your debts for less than you owe.', " after paying his father's medical bills. With three children, they simply could no longer make the financial pieces fit.", ', claimed it could settle your debts for half what you owe and leave you debt free within three years. ', 'Then came harassing calls and e-mails from creditors. She says she repeatedly called ', " would tell them, we need help. We -- I'm scared. I don't know what to do. And they said, we understand, we understand. Don't worry about it. We'll deal with them.", ' say their debt situation was worse. Their total debt higher because of late fees and penalties. One of their creditors sued them; others threatened to. Their ', ' bills, but other former customers told us the same story. So we decided to call the ', ' ourselves. Legally, we can only play our side of the conversation. I said I was thinking of signing up. If I do, what do I do about my next ', ' bill? Do I go ahead and make that payment? Answer: "No, no, you don\'t. You stop right away." So I stop making all ', 'One hundred percent of the clients who have been successful have stopped paying their bills.', ' balances and taking 5 to 20 percent in fees, whether or not the debts are reduced. The ', 'There have been a couple bad actors that unfortunately have been allowed to taint the entire ', " says it can't comment directly on those charges but says the claims are unfounded. The ", "'s own data shows that over 80 percent of the debts enrolled in its program don't get settled. ", " is designed to profit from the desperation of customers rather than to help them. These two former employees asked that their identities be disguised. They're suing ", ' was taking advantage of customers. Did you ever see anything that you thought was deceptive or misleading?', "Every day, all day. I was told, stick to the script. It's designed to confuse the consumer. As long as you do that, you'll make sales.", 'Their top priority is to help themselves. Helping people get out of debt is secondary.', 'The almost $1 billion we have settled for our consumers to date and the real settlement letters and video testimonials on our ', 'Congress may also take action. The Debt Settlement Act of 2010 (S.3264 and H.R. 5387), would go even further. It would limit the set-up fee to $50 and the overall fee to 5 percent of the difference between the debt at the time of enrollment and the time of settlement. The settlement fee could not be collected until the debt is discharged.', 'The Federal Trade Commission says people who sign up with debt relief or debt settlement companies often end up with more debt than when they started.', 'Commercial relief companies are very different from traditional nonprofit credit counseling agencies. While the non-profits work with people to better manage their money and pay off their debts over time, the commercial operators promise to dramatically reduce what you owe.', 'The debt relief industry claims the criticism is unjustified. The Association of Settlement Companies says its members saved consumers about $640 million in 2009.', 'Since 2003, the Federal Trade Commission has sued 20 debt relief companies. The settlements in these cases have helped more than 475,000 victims get some of their money back. The FTC says more investigations are underway. ', 'Most importantly, the FTC is proposing to prohibit any debt relief service from getting paid up front. They could only charge a fee after the debt was settled as promised. ', "Want to get real help?Contact a reputable nonprofit credit counseling agency. Look for one that belongs to the National Foundation for Consumer Credit Counseling or the Association of Independent Consumer Credit Counseling Agencies.'"]