['officers, and left facedown on the street handcuffed. Officers thought she was drunk. But she was actually having a severe  diabetic  attack and was completely limp. I just was lost. Reporter: It all beganhen she hit the truck in front of her. Officers ', 'Officers thought she was drunk. But she was actually having a severe diabetic attack and was completely limp. I just was lost. Reporter: It all beganhen she hit the truck in front of her. Officers ', "Women who have  gestational diabetes  are at greater risk for developing.  Type two diabetes  or adult onset  diabetes  later in life. In fact half of them. We'll get  type two diabetes  over the next ten to fifteen ", "Women who have gestational diabetes are at greater risk for developing. Type two diabetes or adult onset diabetes later in life. In fact women with -- -- diabetes are probably at a significant risk anywhere between third and half of them. We'll get type two diabetes over the next ten to fifteen years. So my advice to and in this situation is to realize that they are at increased risk for diabetes and do everything they can to prevent it. We know that there are some very simple things you can do to reduce that risk. Exercising a half an hour a day five days a week even -- it's just a brisk walk. Combined with a modest amount of weight loss the neighborhood of ten pounds will reduce your risk of diabetes by almost 60%. Even if it doesn't prevent you from getting diabetes forever he made the lady -- the -- your diabetes by 1015. Maybe -- twenty years. What really matters is that you take is good care of yourself as possible to become is lean and as fit as you can and doing so model good behavior for your child who because you are at risk for diabetes may have an increased risk for diabetes as well. ", 'During a study called the  diabetes  prevention program used drugs to treat  type two diabetes  was and it was found that by Foreman people with  pre diabetes . No words are very high risk for developing  diabetes . Could decrease their ', "During a study called the diabetes prevention program. The medication meant Foreman. Which is a commonly used drugs to treat type two diabetes was -- and it was found that by -- -- Foreman people with pre diabetes . No words are very high risk for developing diabetes . Could decrease their risk by about 30%. So that's pretty good. The reason that everybody is taking Matt Foreman these days is that it hasn't been formally approved by the FDA. So that your doctors could prescribe it but he'd be using it here she would be using it what we call off label the -- is incredibly -- And in fact we had very good acceptance of the drugs during the diabetes for rich poor so much Foreman is building can be used to prevent diabetes . ", "same man who crashed into a tree on northwest science park drive in Washington County in 2007. The police report indicates a  diabetic  issue then as well. This same man who told the detective after high Lee's death he has never felt low off while driving ", "park drive in Washington County in 2007. The police report indicates a diabetic issue then as well. This same man who told the detective after high Lee's death he has never felt low -- off ", 'with butter and sugar. Has confirmed that she suffers from  type two diabetes . Dean tells USA today that she learned she had the disease ignored X. To launch a program designed to help people who  type two diabetes  and promoting you  diabetes', "cooking loaded with butter and sugar. Has confirmed that she suffers from type two diabetes . Dean tells USA today that she learned she had the disease three years ago. But tonight's keeping quiet about it to preserve her reputation here dean is also teaming up with drugmaker Novo ignored X. To launch a program designed to help people who type two diabetes and promoting you -- -- diabetes -- ", 'it is also called  juvenile diabetes . Troubling though of children with  type two diabetes  which is. Has always having this growth of  type two diabetes  particularly. Among factor for developing  type two diabetes  and is obesity ', "auto immune form of the disease. Used to it is also called juvenile diabetes . Troubling though is the increase in the number of children with type two diabetes which is. Has always often been called adult onset. We can't call it adult onset anymore because now children are developing. This form of diabetes which is associated with obesity. And in activity. Both forms of diabetes are increasing and both are of great concern now. And I'll simply point out that as part of our partnership with USA -- USA today. Have articles appearing including me -- today I want to turn to doctor -- for a minute and ask you to. Described why we think we're having this growth of type two diabetes particularly. Among. Young people we talk about the obesity epidemic what else might be going on. Well I think it's all the ", "over time heavily add to the problem of obesity. And the American Diabetes Association -- is that the primary risk factor for developing type two diabetes and is obesity. Whether you're a child or an adult. The need as you research your story and talk to many countries. ", "think that there are some excellent programs including one -- the Texas diabetes institute that are working -- Families and schools and and I think that there are some really good. Possibilities for change. -- -- that somewhat hopeful note I'll point out again that we at ABC news this week are partnering with USA today. In highlighting diabetes . This is the emphasis of the weekend -- find any articles in the Paper and we on our program -- and that ABC news we'll have a lot of program. I also would refer you. To our brand new web site on diabetes which you can find by going to abcnews.com. Clicking on the health page. And looking for of the diabetes website where you'll find well over a hundred questions. It -- asked by clicking on what interest you and we'll get an answer. Right in front of you on the screen from a leading diabetes experts throughout the country so I thank you again -- -- -- doctor -- for joining us taking the time and it ", 'to prevent type one  diabetes . Children young adults prevent the development of  Type two diabetes . Which used to be called adult onset  diabetes  because most often affects can also decrease the  juvenile diabetes  and this was demonstrated ', "There are usually two flavors of diabetes type one is used to be called juvenile onset diabetes insulin dependent puppies. And it is caused by. An attack by your own immune system. Called autoimmune disease. On these cells in the Packers to make its. So what happens is that over time usually during child. This autoimmune attack. Tax -- Packers just like it would be if what would happen if it was a bacteria. And it destroys these beta cells. There is no way currently that we know of to prevent type one diabetes . Children -- young adults or -- older people who get it. There's really little that we could do. The slowdown or prevent the development of -- Type two diabetes . Which used to be called adult onset diabetes because most often affects people beyond the age of 45 or fifty. Is there really epidemic form of diabetes . And it is associated with increasing weight obesity. Decreasing life style. In addition it's more commonly occurs. In people of -- racial minorities so for example African Americans Hispanic Americans. -- Asian Americans and an American Indians are more likely to get. This form of -- Since two risk factors that lead to this form of diabetes include increasing weight. And decreasing activity levels it shouldn't be surprising that there have been a number of studies that have been performed including one called the diabetes prevention for. That showed that you can prevent this disease recurring. If you lose weight. And if you increase your activity. In the diabetes prevention program. The -- their lost about 7%. There's about for them about fifteen pounds overweight. And increase their activity level by walking about thirty minutes most need -- most days. And by doing that. Losing the weight increase their activity level they were able to decrease. Their development of diabetes by almost 60%. So it can be very effectively prevent. The other thing that's -- -- at their number of medications that study. To prevent diabetes . Currently these medications have not yet been formally approved by the FDA but one of them. Matt Foreman. Which is used usually to treat diabetes can also decrease the juvenile diabetes and this was demonstrated the diabetes production -- ", 'American women predispose to  type two diabetes  may be more likely to suffer  diabetic  problems related to popular connection is between the  diabetes  and a hair. Right OK so African American women had  type two diabetes  and scalp infections than ', "A new study reveals African American women predispose to type two diabetes may be more likely to suffer diabetic problems related to popular. -- involving needs and clue. Here's talk was more about this is dermatologist doctor can -- Downey -- the -- thanks so much for joining us -- to be backed him so it is a little confusing if you could. Break down the study forests and explain what the connection is between the diabetes and a hair. Right OK so it was a study that was done in archives of dermatology for April 2011 by the ", 'actually looked at was the east African American women. Now. Who had diabetes and had a high rate of scalp infections and it looked at the fact that these African American women had type two diabetes and scalp infections than -- -- -- the on if you have type two diabetes and scalp infections -- genetically or some -- some -- through diabetes . More pre disposed to get this type of story impeached. My thought processes obesity is very prevalent as both -- in this ', "around 5050. Those overweight or obese population. -- see more cases of diabetes well there is to it. So is the diabetes causing -- hearing loss I don't think. I personally think it's just to will be called compounding factor and if you look at a whole bunch of help these Clinton women. And look at their -- what I'm curious to see what the rates of type two diabetes -- -- -- -- -- much more to do with obesity in the African American human population so there could be linked. ", 'almost twice as likely to develop  type two diabetes . Later in life than women who birth increases the risk of  diabetes  later in life for the mother reduce the risk of developing  type two diabetes . But few people realize that ', 'not breast feed their children. Were almost twice as likely to develop type two diabetes . Later in life than women who did. More than 2200. Women between the ages of forty and 78. Were included in the study. Giving birth increases the risk of diabetes later in life for the mother but breastfeeding appeared to reduce this risk. To levels of women who never had children. A healthy diet and exercise also reduce the risk of developing type two diabetes . But few people realize that breastfeeding helps to decrease maternal belly fat. Which also helps to lower the risk. Researchers said the ', "age of 35. Now the cause of  type two diabetes  is quite different from the cause of  type two diabetes  is primarily. Complicated medical fact in the early stages of  type two diabetes  is planning around it just doesn't ", "There are several types of diabetes -- to discuss the two main types type one and type two type one formerly called. Juvenile onset diabetes . Occurs typically before that each of twenty. Individuals with type one diabetes are usually -- and the cause of type one diabetes . Is that the Pope creates the -- that's it creates insulin is destroyed. By auto antibodies. That's why people with type one diabetes always -- insulin either injected. Or through an insulin pump. Type one diabetes . Occurs in about ten to 15%. Of all the diabetics in the country. Now the most common type of diabetes is what we -- type to formally called adult onset type two diabetics are usually heavy. Usually diagnosed after the age of 35. Now the cause of type two diabetes is quite different from -- -- the cause of type two diabetes is primarily. Complicated medical condition called insulin resistance. In fact in the early stages of type two diabetes is planning -- -- around it just doesn't work well. To treat type two diabetes we typically use lifestyle and that may work alone just by exercise. Then we may need oral medications. And it is not -- common for someone with type two diabetes . To eventually need insulin. Either -- there without oral medications. -- type two diabetes accounts for approximately. 85 to 90%. Of all the diabetics in the country. The other important follow it needs to be said. That type two diabetes is associated. With heart disease and that's why it's so important to not only treat the glucose levels. But also to attack blood pressure and cholesterol levels as well. We know that type two diabetes runs very strongly from generation to generation. And we also know that we can prevent type two diabetes if we recognize it had an early stage. The last important thing to mention about -- type two diabetes is that you don't get any type of diabetes at any age. That's very important and that's why the American Diabetes Association changed the name from juvenile onset type on. And adult onset type two. ", "biggest problem is what's called  type two diabetes  which is closely linked to obesity the surgery now if you have  type two diabetes  after this study. Do you think lowered and say if you have  type two diabetes  but you have BMI of thirty for ", "While the treatment for diabetes may be getting better more and more people are getting -- disease every year. However there is a surgery it's called gastric bypass surgery that may be able to reverse the disease we now turn to Lisa Starr for more. At the diabetes clinic at Vanderbilt Children's Hospital businesses unfortunately. Blooming. It's the -- all over the country diabetes is on the increase of 4000 new cases diagnosed every day. There's no reason whatsoever at this point to think that we've. Reach the peak of this epidemic. Today's report attempts to put a price tag on this skyrocketing illness the study funded by the American Diabetes Association. -- annual medical costs of 1161000000000. And 58 billion in lost productivity. Significance of these numbers is really demonstrating that -- -- that diabetes is taking on this country. -- is not as costly as cardiovascular disease or cancer. But debts from those killers. Are on the 45%. In the past two decades. The biggest problem is what's called type two diabetes which is closely linked to obesity and americans' children and adults are getting heavier. The disease can be devastating. Diabetes is currently the greatest cause of blindness kidney failure amputations. And a tremendous contributor to heart attacks and stroke. The government is spending about one billion dollars a year on diabetes research and 64 million dollars on public health efforts. There's also been an enormous push to promote exercise and better nutrition in the schools. And today a new study found that weight loss surgery can be extremely successful in combating diabetes . And those who are obese. Of those who have the procedure which involves placing a band around the stomach to reduce its size and reduced appetite. Nearly two thirds -- all signs of their diabetes . Disappear. Certain helps -- manage the problem. But you still manage the problem a problem that now claims nearly a quarter of ", "bypass or that or the banding it seems to get rid of diabetes how does that work. Right actually the study that came out last. Week wasn't the first one to show that gastric surgery would actually help. In terms of resolution diabetes symptoms there had been they had previously looked at. And gastric surgery gastric bypass surgery. It's being able to help about 84% of patients resolve their diabetes symptoms but now this shows that gastric gastric banding which is actually. A relative newcomer. Can really help control these as well perhaps better than exercise and dietary control. The million dollar question is what -- -- if you get this banding you get -- your diabetes and you gain the weight back again. What day it is for example like many experts are saying. It does involve work ", "was very large. Could you get the surgery now if you have type two diabetes after this study. Do you think they're gonna lowered and say if you have type two diabetes but you have -- BMI of thirty for 35 you'll be a candidate for the surgery. Right you know -- Very interesting -- to wonder about that because currently in terms of the gastric bypass surgery which is that more serious of the two surgeries. They generally look at if someone has diabetes and -- BMI or body mass index of more than 35. But with this new laparoscopic gastric banding which is actually sort ", 'Four people with type one  diabetes  monitoring their own blood sugar the great majority of people with  diabetes  have type two which usually develops millions of dollars to help people with  type two diabetes  learned to monitor themselves ', "Four people with type one diabetes monitoring their own blood sugar levels and taking insulin accordingly is a constant part of life. But the great majority of people with diabetes have type two which usually develops later in life. They rarely take insulin and regularly monitoring their blood sugar may do more harm than good. In the United Kingdom the national health service spends millions of dollars to help people with type two diabetes learned to monitor themselves. But researchers in NORTHERN IRELAND found that self monitoring. Really didn't help and made some patients feel worse ", "reported being more anxious and depressed. Doctors who take care patients with diabetes may need to look carefully at these results before pushing type two diabetics to monitor themselves. With this medical minute I'm doctor ", "improve their  diabetes  or to prevent right. The mail  diabetes  diet was created prevent or control  type two diabetes . And it gives Mayo Clinic  diabetes  diet can apply suites can a  diabetic  man We don't those who are  pre diabetic  as well absolutely people have  pre diabetes  improving their ", "The international diabetes federation predicts that one in ten adults could have diabetes by 2030. And in America -- are currently more than 25 million people who suffer from type two diabetes . In addition to 79 million pre diabetic adults. To help Americans cope with this epidemic the Mayo Clinic has created the Mayo Clinic diabetes diet. And joining us with more as the -- medical editor in chief doctor Donald and -- After -- thank you so much for joining us to have to be here so -- pretty alarming. Numbers and you say some Americans are not even aware of the fact. They are alarming. Diabetes is more than doubled over the past two decades in this country and about a fourth of those 25 million people don't even know they have gotten the significance of this is that people with diabetes are at increased risk for heart disease. Kidney disease -- disease and many other conditions and what is to account for this alarming rise in the number of diabetics -- certainly some risk factors we can't control we have a family history your age. But -- has been increasing in this country since the early 1970s. After a period of time the complications of increased -- come out and one of those is the type two diabetes . 7080%. Of people -- diabetes are overweight. And weight -- is the most important controllable factor that people can implement to improve their diabetes or to prevent it from happening. And so this book helps people -- that helps people manage. Their diets as as all of their lifestyles -- that's exactly right. The mail -- diabetes diet was created to help people prevent or control type two diabetes . And it gives them a diet. Plan that as well as something that the whole family can participate and that's right. The principles of the Mayo Clinic diabetes diet can apply to everyone we have the Mayo Clinic healthy weight pyramid which outlines the type of foods that people can ", "diet that can both help improve their lights -- and control their diabetes know what about suites can a diabetic man -- -- We don't eliminate any food but people do need to watch the total amount by filling up on health supporting foods there's room for a little -- down. Now when will this kind of a diet help those who are pre diabetic as well absolutely. Of the almost eighty million people have pre diabetes improving their lights out through better physical activity. Through improved dietary habits and most importantly watching their weight losing in maintaining weight loss will help prevent diabetes . And the idea here is that you shouldn't feel like you are. Being that you're sacrificing its should be easy it should be enjoyable and overall delicious weight -- is challenging for everyone what we've done with the Mayo Clinic diabetes diet. Is created a plan that's not only enjoyable but it can help people improve the quality of their life. And improve their diabetes control so not long run doctor what is more important. -- to maintain. A -- or dieting to maintain a healthy blood sugar level they go hand in hand. By losing in maintaining weight people can reduce the risk for many diseases and improve their diabetes control. And -- about the importance of that exercise physical activity is a big part of it. Physical activity will help improve health overall bill helped lose weight. And most importantly help keep that weight -- -- when most important factors that people can implement to keep the weight off. And improve their diabetes control and so while this. The book is targeting. Diabetics and pre diabetics it's certainly something that anyone can pick up and ", 'cards. Will soon announce has  type two diabetes  what will that mean for her cuisine in southern cuisine has lead to  diabetes . Given her weight fat foods that works overtime and you develop  diabetes . It was first reported by The ', "-- that holy dean who specializes in southern cuisine has lead to diabetes . Given her weight -- fat foods that are the basis of recipes. Doctors say we shouldn't be surprised by the -- Innocence the more effective consume. The more weight -- and graduate your pancreas works overtime and you develop diabetes . It was first reported by The National Enquirer last year the dean and the condition. Now it's being reported by the daily that -- what do the food network's biggest stars. Has even signed a deal with a major pharmaceutical company to endorse a diabetes drug. He made headlines last summer and in people ordained -- -- Starr himself sliced and -- the Georgia -- an interview ", 'way about me. So -- -- representative -- confirm or deny -- diabetes story but -- -- does have the disease which over 25 million Americans live with. What what is due to a reputation. ', 'Gestation  diabetes  went  diabetes  appears during pregnancy. High the offspring at birth. If the  diabetes  is not control. Then there is a have much greater chance getting  type two diabetes . Later on in life.', 'Gestation diabetes -- went diabetes appears during pregnancy. High glucose levels in the mother during pregnancy can cause problems to the offspring at birth. If the diabetes is not -- control. Then there is a higher need for cesarean section since the babies are typically large over nine pounds. ', 'the development. Of  diabetes . Over a sixteen period than 3000 women develop  type two diabetes . And most of them were more likely to develop  diabetes . But women who were more likely to become  diabetic  than their peers who ', "Health. Followed more than 109000. Female nurses and track the development. Of diabetes . Over a sixteen -- period. The women were asked to -- call their body shape -- ages 510 and -- Choosing one of nine diagrams that best fit their bodies ranging from -- to obese. Their body mass index beginning at age eighteen was also considered. Over the course of the study more than 3000 women develop type two diabetes . And most of them were overweight as girls. Even more women who considered themselves larger at every -- submitted were fifteen times more likely to develop diabetes . But women who were overweight throughout childhood but lost weight into adulthood. Were actually no more likely to become diabetic than their peers who maintained a normal weight -- children. Authors of the study say their findings show reversing weight gain in overweight kids. Is critical to lowering their risk for developing diabetes as adults. With this medical minute I'm doctor Timothy Johnson. ", "diagnosed cases of  diabetes  in the US and another have undiagnosed  diabetes  that's one out with the disease.  Diabetic  deaths have been complications from  diabetes . At that time chapter of the  Juvenile Diabetes  Research Foundation Virginia. I have had  type two diabetes  this year 2000 ", "We began our special look at the fight against diabetes with some staggering statistics. The American Diabetes Association says there are fourteen point. Six million diagnosed cases of diabetes in the US and another six point. Two million people that have undiagnosed diabetes that's one out of fourteen people in this country. Including over 176000. Children and teens with the disease. Diabetic deaths have been ballooning in 1980 there were 35000. Deaths blamed on complications from diabetes . At that time the nation's seventh leading killer. Now the numbers of deaths of more than doubled up to 73000. A year making it rise to the sixth leading killer of Americans. Here to help us make sense of all this our doctor Peter Sheehan diabetes and endocrinology specialist. At the Mount Sinai School of Medicine. Doctor nine -- -- -- and endocrinologist and metabolism specialist at New York Presbyterian Hospital. Associate professor at the Weill Medical College of Cornell University. And here on the set with me. Is Wendy Schmidt the former president of the New York City chapter of the Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation and the mother. A 23 year old sons who grew up with type one diabetes and finally. The reigning miss black USA -- -- Alan Harris who at fourteen was diagnosed with diabetes and makes it. Part of her mission to help prevent the disease around the world. We will also be hearing from a number of our viewers and web users who sent in talkback videos. Describing how they deal with -- -- here's one from Greg in Virginia. I have had type two diabetes this year 2000. I diabetes was under control the sometimes. Diabetes was much more than I ever anticipated. Whose life altering and terrible not to be control them every day normal activities. My unfounded fears of insulin were big -- -- in my gaming control. My family was my biggest reason and motivate her for taking that step. Once I learned how to use in the -- ones are available. I -- -- -- -- control my diabetes several years now. I feel more people can understand the use -- -- and that definitely can gain control diabetes . I wish that I had gone -- literally. So we're going to bring in our guests now to find out more about this disease and -- -- -- -- Begin with the united. By asking you to very briefly describe the difference between so called type one and type two diabetes but we used to call juvenile and adult. OK so -- diabetes is a disorder where the body can no longer control the blood sugar. And type one diabetes is an autoimmune process where the body mistakenly thinks that its own pancreas is foreign and creates antibodies leading to destruction of the pancreas. So type one actually has there's it's a state of insulin deficiency. Type two diabetes which is the one that is say it's a huge epidemic now in this. ", 'is an epidemic of pediatric  type two diabetes . Not only in young at a house in this increase in pediatric  type two diabetes . That is such an unprecedented children will be fifty. And  type two diabetes . That is. A paucity of pediatric ', 'That is an epidemic of pediatric type two diabetes . Not only in young at a house but adolescence. And even. Children as young as eight years of each. So the problem ', "in children -- is that did this in this increase in pediatric type two diabetes . That is such an unprecedented. Problem that the act actually -- it equipped to take care are so many children -- will be fifty. And type two diabetes . That is. A paucity of pediatric endocrinologist. For example there. -- 171000. Children that the BCD doesn't run pediatric endocrinologist. So. I ", 'release are eating not every day could help control  type two diabetes  and prevented complications. But which one then how house. Not just for your for the risk that  type two diabetes . Heart disease which is very significant absolutely ', 'According to new release are eating not every day could help control type two diabetes and prevented complications. But which one then how much should you -- Well -- than -- and what about the study is ', "your house. Not just for your -- -- for the risk that type two diabetes . Heart disease which is very significant absolutely now most people. Like not but what are we don't yet have any advice for "]