["produces too little thyroid  hormone , the  hormone  responsible for metabolism makes too much of the  hormone , you're said to have for elevated levels of  testosterone  and DHEAS ( dehydroepiandrosterone ), a by-product of ", 'as they tend to contain unknown amounts of many substances, some of which can be potentially harmful. " DHEA , a precursor to  testosterone , and the herb Yohimbine are not very effective but they are tested and safe, so at least they\'re not ', "evidence indicates that long-term use of human growth  hormone  (HGH) to deal with aging-related issues might report. The new policy on products such as HGH,  DHEA  and  testosterone  was adopted at the group's annual meeting in Chicago ", 'FRIDAY, April 17 (HealthDay News) -- Lower  hormone  levels in women who exercise regularly and including reduced concentrations of the  hormone DHEA , which Lee explained, is an anabolic  hormone  and therefore builds muscle. But some of ', 'Are There Any "Natural" Ways (Diet, Exercise, Remedies) To Boost A Man\'s Sperm Counts If My Wife/Partner And I Are Trying To Become Pregnant?', 'Question: Are there any "natural" ways (diet, exercise, remedies) to boost a man\'s sperm counts if my wife/partner and I are trying to become pregnant? Answer: So low sperm count can be a problem for a lot of men, and when this is the case, we typically look at lifestyle. As I\'d mentioned', "doctor and actually use  testosterone  gel, applied topically easily diagnose low  testosterone  for men. There is one useful and that's  DHEA , and that's a precursor that's a generator to  testosterone . So that's a supplement ", "Are There Any Beneficial Herbal Products Or Supplements To Help Boost A Man's Libido?", "supplements such as Panax ginseng, which is like a red or Korean ginseng can be helpful. And  DHEA  at 50 milligrams taken once a day can help boost  testosterone , which is really the molecule that's responsible for libido both in men and women.", 'Brian Brennan, M.D., Consultant for the ABC News OnCall+ Mind & Mood - Stress Center', 'function. Additionally, his other areas of interest include the use of neurohormonal interventions including  testosterone  and  DHEA  in the treatment of refractory depression and research into the pathophysiology and treatment of pain disorders ', 'Brian Brennan, M.D., Consultant for the ABC News OnCall+ Mind & Mood - Anxiety Disorders Center', 'function. Additionally, his other areas of interest include the use of neurohormonal interventions including  testosterone  and  DHEA  in the treatment of refractory depression and research into the pathophysiology and treatment of pain disorders ', "the importance of  hormone  levels to a patient's started reading about  hormone  therapy and put I'm on injectible  testosterone  once a week. I'm thyroids. I am on  DHEA , 100 milligrams said that while  hormone  therapy for men is the effect of  testosterone  on the prostate ", 'vulnerable to radiation and chemotherapy.  TESTOSTERONE  NO FOUNTAIN of YOUTH The hormones  DHEA  and  testosterone  do not improve health, ability, or quality seniors who were randomly assigned to take  DHEA  or  testosterone  did not improve their body ', "Decade Levels of  testosterone , the male sex  hormone , decrease in age. Another  hormone ,  dehydroepiandrosterone , known as  DHEA , also decreases with age.  DHEA  levels start dropping don't have much  testosterone  in their bodies ", "that low doses of  hormone  called DH EA can help anybody watching. It is  steroid  the molecule  steroid  and it's considered into estrogen and  testosterone  which is an inquiry kind of boost your  testosterone  a little bit. Where ", "society climate -- Said that they found evidence that low doses of hormone called DH EA can help in May become an alternative to hormone replacement therapy. Doctor Jacques Moritz director of gynecology at saint Luke's Roosevelt hospital is joining us now with deet tails -- -- as always it's great to have your idea that he's on the show -- Important as this study for women that suffer from menopause I think it offers hope so what they're talking about here is this hormone DHE. -- Di Hydro. At the end -- -- on. It's made by the adrenal glance it peeks at thirty kind of like estrogen. And then after menopause it decreases it becomes the only source that can be converted into estrogen so what they did the study is said well. Hormone replacement therapy estrogen progesterone has risks that increases breast cancer moment what about if we give some of -- DHE egg which by the way you get over the -- -- for anybody watching. It is -- steroid the molecule steroid and it's considered a pro hormone . And they gave it to women and they compared women with -- its women Wii -- and women on estrogen and they found that the women on it did just as well. In terms of sexual satisfaction as women on hormone replacement therapy so interest. But very Colin an old very preliminary really ended the authors agree this is really a small group of people now the hopes -- That since when you take this there's very few side effects. He gets converted into certain cells into estrogen and testosterone which is an inquiry and an increase your sexual satisfaction. The issue is what happens on the breast what happens -- other tissues and that's the question we don't know. Because it's available over the counter. Does not mean -- -- right doesn't mean that women should go out based on a single pilot study in -- fresh start taking rest hormone a lot of women in menopause had been taking this formal because everybody is really scared of estrogen. And protester and I understand as -- -- and there's no doubt about it but. Be clear this is a hormone probably. And the -- is probably safer than estrogen progesterone but that's just my personal opinion you -- Take that with a real -- we need a bigger bigger study on this as far as what's accepted and approved as treatment for menopausal symptoms is hormone replacement therapy basically the only game in town are so there's hormone replacement therapy. There are anti depressants. -- of pro prozac affects -- have been all looked at and that helps for those "]