['A survey done last holiday season by Consumer Reports found that one in four people who received a gift card the previous year had not used it. ', 'Expiration Date. Any card sold after August 22, 2010 cannot expire for at least five years from the date of purchase or the last time money was loaded onto it.', 'Fees. You cannot be charged an inactivity fee until the card has gone unused for at least 12 months. You can never be charged more than one fee of any kind per month.', 'These new rules do not apply to rebate cards, promotional cards or those purchased at a charity event. Paper gift certificates are also exempt.', 'Some states have stronger rules that give you more protection if the gift card is purchased from a retailer in that state. (Check the laws in your state) For instance, in California and Minnesota a retail gift card can never expire. In Massachusetts and Washington, a card with $5 or less on it can be redeemed for cash.', 'General-purpose gift cards, the ones issued by Visa, MasterCard, American Express and Discover can be used wherever those cards are accepted.', 'McAfee Labs warns that cybercrooks now use social media to promote fake gift card offers. Their goal is to steal your money and snag your personal information to sell to identity thieves.', 'There are also websites, such as Plastic Jungle, Gift Card Granny, Cardpool, GiftCards and GiftCardRescue that specialize in discounted cards. They buy unwanted cards at less than face value and pass along the savings. The discounts typically range from 5 to 15 percent, but can be even higher.', 'If you go this route, stick with companies that provide a guarantee that the card is good. And look for free shipping. Never use an unknown site unless you check it out with the Better Business Bureau or search the Web for complaints.', 'Professor Gill at San Diego State says this is a wonderful time to dig out the gift cards you already have and use them. Remember, those cards were purchased under the old rules. So they can expire sooner than five years and be dinged with monthly inactivity fees.', "they continue to be the most popular gift year in and year out. what do you get the person who has everything, right? you don't have to put thought in it, size, color, they're everywhere from ", 'we were talking about that before the season last year. that did make it more friendly.', " are no longer allowed to expire in the first five years. that's a good thing. no inactivity fees for first year, that's a good thing. in the past if they were dormant, three months, six months, just chipped away at the card's value. no fee to replace lost or stolen cards. these are the ages that make them more popular.", "well, the bank-issued cards, the general purpose cards, do still have some nasty practices attached to them. generally there's a fee to buy them. and that fee is up to $7. and many do impose an inactivity fee of $2.50 a month. these are not like the store issue cards. those are more consumer friendly because there's been all this backlash. the stores made them a little better.", "if you lose them, yes, there's no fee to replace those cards. so that's a nice bonus. but here's the thing. if you get a ", " from last year that they haven't redeemed. 10% are $8 billion of these goes unredeemed each year. get out there and use it. that's your ", 'generally we spend 20% to 30% more than the value of the card. so good for the economy, too.']