["Paid tribute to five legends this year's  Kennedy Center honors  went to Bruce Springsteen Mel Brooks Robert De John Mellencamp Melissa Etheridge and staying.  The Kennedy Center honors  go to those who have defined American culture ", "night as politicians and celebrities. Paid tribute to five legends this year's Kennedy Center honors went to Bruce Springsteen Mel Brooks Robert De Niro jazz pianist Dave Brubeck. And opera singer grace number -- there were also performances by John Mellencamp Melissa Etheridge and staying. The Kennedy Center honors go to those who have defined American culture through the arts I saw a light moment as well referring to Springsteen President ", "amazing. It was so moving to see you moved at  the kennedy center honors  when everyone was paying tribute to you, perilously de niro. I was set. You go, I'm going to  the kennedy center . I'm going meet the president and first lady ", "to is amazing. It was so moving to see you moved at the kennedy center honors when everyone was paying tribute to you, perilously your friend, robert de niro. I was set. You go, I'm going to the kennedy center I'm going meet the president and first lady. I'm going to sit there. They have it every year. I'm going to be ", "don't like it's sort of awareness. You've got to find the bow and every room. Everywhere. We also have  the Kennedy Center honors  Meryl Streep and Neil Diamond are among the honorees this year and and we can't forget. We cannot there ", "-- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- We also have the Kennedy Center honors Meryl Streep and Neil Diamond are among the honorees this year and and we can't forget. We cannot -- -- -- -- ", 'Oprah Winfrey was among the five people celebrated at  the Kennedy Center honors  ceremony on Tuesday night Alec Baldwin and Barbara Walters paid tribute to the queen of daytime television. But it was Chris tribute ', 'Oprah Winfrey was among the five people celebrated at the Kennedy Center honors ceremony on Tuesday night Alec Baldwin and Barbara Walters paid tribute to the queen of daytime television. But it was Chris -- ', "So last night big night it was  the Kennedy Center honors  in DC of course it happened last night you won't see it until much later on C yet. A because you're watching this anywhere ", "So last night big night it was the Kennedy Center honors in DC of course it happened last night you won't see it until much later on C yet. A because you're watching ", "couple weeks ago twelve stitches in his mouth. tends to make it difficult two and 98 certain take a look from  the Kennedy Center honors  last night. Support quote mr. Vento. To many people. The supporters superfluous it's this list. That's ", "make it difficult two and 98 certain -- take a look from the Kennedy Center honors last night. Support quote mr. Vento. To many people. The supporters superfluous it's this list. -- -- -- -- -- -- -- ", 'other women walked in wearing the same 8500 dollar Oscar de la Renta gown. It happened a few years ago with  the Kennedy Center honors  gossip writers had a field. The notion that. Four people wearing exactly the same dressed and one of them ', 'Oscar de la Renta gown. It happened a few years ago with the Kennedy Center honors gossip writers had a field. The notion that. Four people wearing exactly the same dressed and one of them being the first ', 'right now we have to tell you about an international incident but typically he Ten this Sunday night it was  the Kennedy Center honors  First Lady Laura Bush shows up wearing an Oscar to only to look around to discover. Three. Three other women ', 'international incident but typically he -- Ten this Sunday night it was the Kennedy Center honors First Lady Laura Bush shows up wearing an Oscar -- to -- only to look around to discover. Three. Three other women ', 'Meryl Streep and Hillary Clinton snap their own iPhone pictures before  Kennedy Center honors .', "excited and give you'll this producers. And I had to decline because of the graduate. But now that your.  Kennedy Center honors . Does that make you feel a does it make you feel that people are awarding him on this and they're saying ", "I had to decline because of the graduate. But now that your. Kennedy Center honors . Does that make you feel a -- does it make you feel that people are awarding him on this and they're saying ", "month. There's no woman like hillary clinton. Hillary clinton -- and that's a fact -- they shared the stage at  the kennedy center . Will they be sharing a debate stage in just a couple of years? We'll get into that just a little bit. Let me welcome ", "clinton -- and that's a fact -- they shared the stage at the kennedy center . Will they be sharing a debate stage in just a couple of years? We'll get into that just a little bit. Let ", "Congratulations by the way about Kennedy center honor. But in that commendation. At  the Kennedy Center  that use a war. I don't usually see when say they talked about your wide range of versatility. And then they say. Iconoclast ", "way about -- Kennedy center -- honor. But in that commendation. At the Kennedy Center -- that use a war. I don't usually see when -- say they talked about your wide range of versatility. And then ", 'slap the winner on the face. For the special "tired hooker," because I\'m a lady, josh, because I\'m up against  the kennedy center  honers and rock and roll hall of fame. Betty white\'s 90th birthday party. Tony bennett duets, I\'m screwed, america ', 'special "tired hooker," because I\'m a lady, josh, because I\'m up against the kennedy center honers and rock and roll hall of fame. Betty white\'s 90th birthday party. Tony bennett duets, I\'m screwed, america. Just go have ', 'addition to ground zero here in New York President Obama will also visit the Pentagon and Shanksville Pennsylvania. Though really only speak of an interfaith prayer service tonight at  the Kennedy Center  in Washington. TJ when ABC news New York.', 'Though -- really only speak of an interfaith prayer service tonight at the Kennedy Center in Washington. TJ when ABC news New York. ', "decade of war. To a future of peace. Love the anniversary was on everyone's mind. Not only at the concert for hope at  the Kennedy Center . it wouldn't. But with the cowboys jets game with a crowds cheered USA. President Obama tried to put the anniversary ", "was on everyone's mind. Not only at the concert for hope at the Kennedy Center . -- it wouldn't. But with the cowboys jets game with a crowds cheered USA. President Obama tried to put the anniversary in ", "should be better soon wonderful. Talent there and also we want to our congratulations to Will Ferrell He was honored at  the Kennedy Center  with the Mark Twain prize for American humor. She joked He joins the likes of funny folks like let's if Bill Cosby Steve ", "want to -- our congratulations to Will Ferrell He was honored at the Kennedy Center with the Mark Twain prize for American humor. She joked He joins the likes of funny folks like let's -- if -- ", "at all. Where you're we'll Plus we'll have our infrastructure. Is there blues. That night the president went to  the Kennedy Center  to commemorate the fiftieth anniversary president Kennedy's inauguration. Summoning generation the service. And the ", "infrastructure. Is there -- -- blues. That night the president went to the Kennedy Center to commemorate the fiftieth anniversary president Kennedy's inauguration. Summoning -- generation the service. And the nation to greatness. The speech that would "]