["own things reportedly went from bad to worse when  postpartum depression  and on the family. Never really had a good neighborly lags. It's about two months to do it is nothing  depression  anger and no this is the have come time. It went ", 'returned to her own things reportedly went from bad to worse when postpartum depression -- -- and on the -- family. Never really had a good neighborly discussed. Woman who imbalances since then one could understand ', "your father got boxing to make money but you got into boxing and they tell us about. Yes I mean my father filed letters  depression  he's had to fight I was hungry had to he's you have so many other opportunities. And I did an act academics athletic ", "-- -- tell us about. Yes I mean my father filed letters depression he's -- -- had to fight I was hungry had to -- he's -- you have so many other opportunities. And I ", 'stars. After her marriage fell apart, her entire life slipped out of focus. I was completely disabled by a crippling  depression . Reporter: Cheryl needed an escape. She tried prescription drugs. But popping prozac to get up and xanax to come ', 'life slipped out of focus. I was completely disabled by a crippling depression . Reporter: Cheryl needed an escape. She tried prescription drugs. But popping prozac to get up and xanax to come down every day, ', 'her marriage fell apart, she says her entire life slipped out of focus. I was just completely disabled by a crippling  depression , a crippling anxiety disorder. Reporter: Cheryl needed an escape. She tried prescription drugs, but popping prozac ', 'slipped out of focus. I was just completely disabled by a crippling depression , a crippling anxiety disorder. Reporter: Cheryl needed an escape. She tried prescription drugs, but popping prozac to get up and xanax to ', "anyone's. As well but then you can go into the  postpartum depression  even OCD now a new study at northwestern killing over Josh and someone who's had a history who has OCD or  depression  in their past history but sometimes it comes out of ", "that with anyone's. As well but then you can go into the postpartum depression even OCD now a new study at -- northwestern killing over one in ten women in the postpartum period. Had signs of significant OCD his -- but. Well out of -- is literally to see this coming. Before. Sometimes yes Josh and someone who's had a history -- -- who has OCD or depression in their past history but sometimes it comes out of the -- -- what and I think I would OCD we are ", "postpartum depression . The person not expect  depression . An estimated experienced  postpartum depression  and we're postpartum depression  until the it's had a  postpartum depression . But she target for  depression  sellout trying that if our  antidepressant  medication ", "We must talk to about postpartum depression . The person the baby's one of the most -- -- momentum and a woman's life and triggers very powerful emotions they can also result in something you may not expect depression . An estimated 10% of new moms experienced postpartum depression and we're joined today by Nicole Barnett. A mother of three girls who didn't realize she suffered from postpartum depression until the birth of her last child. Nicole joins us today to tell us a story and we welcome her today but clinical. Thank you so this is a topic which we hear about sometimes we don't talk about nearly enough and we really wanna hear about your story so take us through. The birth of your third child and when you realized you had postpartum depression . While my third daughter was far and I'm in October of 2004. And actually -- several weeks later. In February of 2005. ", "a great move on your part obviously had you ever heard is postpartum depression before. I had heard a bit my background is in clinical social work and so I was aware that it. But even with my background I'm more so -- thought it had to be -- eat it leaves. After you have the baby. And you're having these thoughts of hurting yourself for hurting your baby and that is true in some cases. But my case was more distant that classic depression and anxiety. That's what it. But over time and -- sat and in February was when are really really noticed. That I was having a problem. And I it's spoke with my obstetricians. Today He has suggested that nurse practitioner and there immediately. Suggested that it could be it's had a postpartum depression . But she also thought it could be in the emea as well as some dysfunction Bayreuth. And I think down deep down I didn't wanna access. A diagnosis of post target for depression sellout -- -- trying to iron in trying something for my thyroid. I was nervous that if our -- antidepressant medication that it -- harm my new baby because -- breastfeeding her. But I -- comes out worse. I started my appetite ", "part of assess segment that. As I understand in most cases of postpartum depression happened just immediately after Burris has sounds like you were almost a little bit atypical native presented. A little bit later than that the classic postpartum depression . Yes as -- Begin to study more about postpartum depression after going through my own experience. Actually your hormones can still be having problems getting settled. Itself up to even after a year of having a baby. On mom can have a I'd diagnosis. Of postpartum or maternal depression and and so it can strike a little later but many women as -- -- women do have their sentence on -- ", "New information on  postpartum depression  later today the journal of Association will release a study on  postpartum depression  in men. Juju the focus here runaway. Men's  postpartum depression  is surprisingly common fact ", "New information on postpartum depression later today the journal of the American Medical Association will release a study on postpartum depression in men. Juju the focus here is on how father's emotional ups and ask actually affect the development -- Absolutely think about ", "when and I -- supposed to do that's when a runaway. Men's postpartum depression is surprisingly common fact. A man's risk of depression doubles. In the nine months after his child -- -- about 10% of new mothers experience severe postpartum depression . But men can experience it too will -- as a researcher and psychotherapists to says as many as one in for new dads may experience what's called eternal post Natal depression And the problem can be more than just psychological. Just like women men go through hormonal changes men may have increase estrogen and biologists believe this may be nature's way of keeping men around to care for the baby. But those hormone changes can also cause the blues. There must be. Those women who would say you know how -- was a man claimed postpartum depression we're the ones who carry the babies there are factors that. Weigh on us very -- one -- sleep deprivation which doesn't choose the gender depending on how you work it out with your wife. Another -- anxiety and another of these incredible expectations. Joel Schwartz -- is an author who wrote about his own battle with postpartum depression in his book the forty year old version. Like many dads battling postpartum depression He never sought -- eventually He was able to bond with his children as they grew older. But his depression took a crippling toll on his marriage and was a factor in his divorce. I resented my wife at the time because she was this full time parent who took care of the kids who is clearly attached to them and in some ways it felt crowded out. That created frustration. Inside me and the depression inside me was not the way I want to -- you know it was just it was too deep. I couldn't get ", 'Talking about  postpartum depression . We now Mike joined by Nicole mother of three who suffered from  postpartum depression . And doctor Melvin Green a psychiatrist treats patients with  postpartum depression  welcome you both. Think an end ', "Talking about postpartum depression . We now Mike joined by Nicole Barnett mother of three who suffered from postpartum depression . And doctor Melvin Green a psychiatrist in the Baltimore city area Malick who treats patients with postpartum depression welcome you both. Think an end. So doctor Green if you listen -- story I think in the first half of our segment on postpartum depression is what she's saying a normal story of a woman who has postpartum depression . It's it's really a classic story what's interesting is when -- sharing is that she recognized the symptoms when her daughter was about five to six months old. Often times women and when they Trace back the time they were actually having Simpson's long before that. But there's so much guilt and shame and worry that they should be happier they should just be getting it together. That they don't identify what they're feeling the symptoms of depression when in fact that's really what it is. Action and Nicole listening to that does that sound consistent with what we GDP ", "most common and first child. While -- at the moment. Has that postpartum depression first child it actually in she's at an increased risk for haven't postpartum episodes. With the children they're after -- so it's actually not as common to have it in the later childbearing years but you know we we see it and an all ranges. Next we talk about Nicole's treatment and you heard that Nicole was say it sounds like placed on some medication. And she responded very well and a couple weeks today asked. What can you take this for the treatment for postpartum depression everything from you know -- talking to medication what do people do and what's the standard of care for this for this. Round. With a press in the first issue is recognition often times mothers are mixed they're suffering in silence. On the family members are attempting to be supportive but they don't often times buy into a diagnosis of postpartum depression and even when a woman is expressing these symptoms are expressing being fifteen they're anxious or worried or not sleeping. The family ", "advocates heard the importance of what doctor Green is saying talking about postpartum depression . It sounds like this is a problem that is probably much more common than his medically reported meaning that there are many more people have this and suffer in silence and -- tough through ever really difficult time so my bet is you become a real advocate for talking about this to other moms and other people and in Madison. -- yes I have actor my experience. I started becoming really involved -- at -- about postpartum depression awareness and education and inches began speaking at a local hospital at my church at mom's groups. Anyone and clinics -- meanwhile ", "of three who suffered from  postpartum depression . And doctor Melvin Green a area who treats patients with  postpartum depression  welcome you both. Think again of our segment on  postpartum depression  is what she's saying a normal ", "now but joined by Nicole Barnett mother of three who suffered from postpartum depression . And doctor Melvin Green a psychiatrist in the Baltimore city area -- who treats patients with postpartum depression welcome you both. Think again. So doctor Green if you listen -- story I think in the first half of our segment on postpartum depression is what she's saying a normal story of a woman who has postpartum depression . It's it's really a classic story went into staying is clinically sharing is that she recognized the symptoms like her daughter was about five to six months old. Often times women and when they Trace back the time they were actually having symptoms long before that. But there's so much guilt and shame and worry that they should be happy -- they should just be getting it together. That they don't identify what they're feeling the symptoms of depression When in fact that's really what it is. Action and Nicole listening to that does that sound consistent with what we GD ", "common in the first child. Well if if the woman had that postpartum depression first child it actually in she's had an increased risk for having postpartum episodes. With the children they're after so it's actually not as common to have that in the later childbearing years but you know we we CNN and all ranges. Next we talk about Nicole's treatment and you heard that Nicole was say it sounds like placed on some medication. And she responded very well and a couple weeks to -- What can you take this for the treatment for postpartum depression everything from you know kind of talking to medication what do people do and what's the standard of care for this for this. Round. With a press in the first issue is recognition often times mothers are mixed they're suffering in silence. -- family members are attempting to be supportive but they don't often times buy into a diagnosis of postpartum depression and even when a woman is expressing these symptoms are expressing being fifteen they're anxious or worried or not sleeping. The family ", "advocates heard the importance of what doctor -- is saying talking about postpartum depression . It sounds like this is a problem that is probably much more common than is medically reported meaning that there are many more people have this and suffer in silence and -- tough through ever really difficult time so my -- is you become a real advocate for talking about this to other moms and other people and in medicine. -- yes I have actor my experience. I started becoming really involved with at -- about postpartum depression awareness and education and and this began speaking at a local hospital at my church at mom's groups. Anyone and clinics -- ", 'Depression  and  manic depression  or bipolar disorder these are two separate illnesses. With  depression  typically people experience only been talking about earlier. With  manic depression . It requires that a person also ', "Depression and manic depression or bipolar disorder these are two separate illnesses. With depression typically people experience only. Periods of sadness or depressed mood that we've been talking about earlier. With manic depression . It requires that a person also have a period of at least a week. Of having what it's called mania. Mania in ", "Postpartum depression . Hello everyone I'm Andy push female childbirth can trigger severe  depression . We checked a two day program that feel that way 30% of fathers. Have  postpartum depression  symptoms and 1580%. Of moms had ", "Postpartum depression . Hello everyone I'm Andy push at Murphy and this is parenting perspectives the show where we tackle key challenges facing parents today. And certainly having a baby is supposed to be an incredibly joyous occasion but for. Millions of parents male and female childbirth can trigger severe depression We checked -- a two day program that has helped thousands of parents. Prepare for the dramatic changes the new baby brains ", 'It was awful -- to feel that way 30% of fathers. Have postpartum depression symptoms and 1580%. Of moms had symptoms of postpartum depression . And a lot of times they feel really ashamed and embarrassed that they have those feelings. Thanks in part to celebrities like Brooke Shields and Marie Osmond postpartum depression is no longer a dark secret. More couples are seeking help. And research shows that this workshop cuts postpartum rates -- a ', "each other. On a regular basis that can be significant to -- postpartum depression here they're given a chance to learn the realities of life when baby makes three. The -- requires immediate attention it's stress ", 'million Americans suffer from  depression . And it can be paralyzing from new parents battling  postpartum depression . And for that we turn to that way 30% of fathers have  postpartum depression  symptoms and 1580%. Of moms ', "Eighty million Americans suffer from depression And it can be paralyzing not just for the person involved but also from family and friends trying to do something about it well it turns out. We can all learn something from new parents battling postpartum depression . And for that we turn to ABC's parenting contributor and Patricia Murphy. One day you're pregnant and everything's great in the next ", 'It was awful -- to feel that way 30% of fathers have postpartum depression symptoms and 1580%. Of moms have symptoms of postpartum depression . And a lot of times they feel really ashamed and embarrassed that they have those feelings. Thanks in part to celebrities like Brooke Shields and Marie Osmond postpartum depression is no longer a dark secret. More couples are seeking help. And research shows that this workshop cuts postpartum rates -- a ', "each other. On a regular basis that can be significant to -- postpartum depression here they're given a chance to learn the realities of life when babies make streak. The baby requires immediate attention it's -- ", 'diagnosed with major  depressive disorder . After suffering suffer from things like  depression  or anxiety. Schizophrenia Who battled severe  depression  over the years people recognize the signs of  depression  and other mental illnesses ', 'Eight years later at age of 23 I was diagnosed with major depressive disorder . After suffering for years and silence. As he began to heal however I have this overwhelming urge to share my story with ', "If you have a  clinical depression  or feel when your loved one says He should go professional who's trained. In such treatment and that would be eight. Licensed ", "If you have a clinical depression or feel when your loved one says He should go -- -- professional who's trained. In such treatment and that would be ", 'disorder.  Depression  is so widespread diagnose  depression  and bipolar from bipolar  depression . And what depression clinical depression  a major  depression get that  manic depression  or bipolar what about  postpartum depression  oftentimes ', "Doctor Green let's start with you what's that what's the definition of depression what depression is a. Clinical illness and I'm often asked what's the difference between being -- fast and having depression So being depressed grief for example is a normal response to disappointing demoralizing -- discouraging news. But depression -- clinical depression a major depression It's a clinical. Illness a treatable medical illness that essentially impacts how we think how we feel and how we behave. Doctor -- -- there are different forms of depression and walk us through the major different types. Church so the first thing in the simplest thing to folks on is a major depressive episode. And that's the classic depression that people referred to in dvd. Speak. And that's typically a period when people feel depressed -- down most the day in nearly every day for at least a couple of weeks but a lot of other symptoms such as insomnia. Difficulty with appetite or over eating trouble concentrating. Sometimes suicidal thinking sometimes guilt or -- business. -- -- there's another type of depression which is also. A little less of an intense form but may last longer called the Stein me. And that's generally considered to be a two year period of depressive symptoms may be not as intense but more chronic. -- tell us about bipolar disorder bipolar. Disorder is what's traditionally been referred to as a manic depressive. Syndrome where people have. Low low lows of depression but also have extreme highs are up periods or manic periods as we call them. Where they start having racing thoughts and might engage in behaviors that they normally wouldn't. They might have trouble concentrating -- thinking about things they may act more impulsively get more irritable. Feel grandiose or sense of being better than other people and those episodes tend to cycle. Up episodes and then down episodes and that's how we get that manic depression or bipolar condition. -- doctor Green what about postpartum depression oftentimes women don't experience depression until they've had their first baby. Yes postpartum depression is a very real illness. It happens and about one and nine women so that's very frequent that's very common and essentially it is major depression what doctor Simon spoke -- During the postpartum -- it. Women are often used to talking about the baby blues well that's something that happens when the first in first 24 to 72 hours. -- postpartum depression is a sustained. Change in mood and that -- can be depressed He can be anxious He can be irritable. And again with all the other associated symptoms. Doctor -- what are you know about what causes depression Well. We know is that it actually isn't as simple answer to that question it seems to be multi determined or in other words there's many different potential contributors to depression One of which is certainly hereditary or genetics. We also know that environment plays into -- family systems play into it. And then as well life events lights dressers all of which seemed to interact to -- trigger depressive episode. Doctor greener we've seen depression going up in our society and if so why. I think we're beginning to talk more about -- crash in which I think is an actual -- really a good thing. I think there were you know it's very difficult to quantify when people are not engaged in treatment -- aren't coming forward for -- here. There's been historically a tremendous amounts stigma. Around getting any sort of help for -- mental condition or even any psychological conditions so I don't know. On that we're seeing more depression I think we're having a better discussion here ago this mind and mood. And I think we're we're talking about it more. Although we still have. A further ways to go on dealing with the statement the stigma still -- yes absolutely absolutely the stigma is still very strong. There -- that's -- and it's difficult to quantify how many people actually suffering from depression but I think we're so grossly underestimating. Thank you -- -- the hour will be hearing your talkback stories about dealing with depression here's what Melanie from California has to say about the stigma attached to mental illness. Many minutes impressions of struggle once even more of the struggle just pretend that you're not making it. If it becomes something they'll make your medication for any sort of non physical -- you'll get labeled. Depending on their energy can be -- things such as keynote pig or drama queen and perhaps even Psycho. A lot of people think that depression is directly related to just feeling sorry for yourself and anyone on prozac can be doing is just as well receive them. ", "new mothers experience severe  postpartum depression  but men can also experienced topic and in this case it was  depression . In father's related to about the rates.  Depression postpartum depression  both moms and dads. Were much ", 'About 10% of new mothers experience severe postpartum depression but men can also experienced the baby blues. A new analysis finds that new fathers can also become overwhelmed and emotionally depressed. ', "feel a little over well -- -- well. And that's when the depression seems to Kagan in China and has had what we were discussing this earlier I think it's so interesting about the rates. Depression postpartum depression both moms and dads. Were much higher in this country -- internationally. Right -- this Paper showed about a fourteen or 15%. Who -- the verses about an 8% rate and other countries and while they're not able to read too much into that from an explanation standpoint you can imagine. That it may have something to do with the child support that time that you're able to take -- when you bring home a new baby or have a new baby that provide -- the support and maybe lessons that anxiety and let. Since the depression sure that the stress like he's out of going back to work when the child was still so young all that can be very overwhelming -- let's talk about. I guess the take home here both from moms and dads. -- what are the signs of postpartum depression so that you can be aware that this might be happening. Well the sadness is is commonly described. A feeling of hopelessness ", "severely depress, a side-effect of the weight loss drug hcg, leading her to kill herself. If it causes  depression  and you already have  depression , gee, I wonder what happens. Wouldn't probably make it any better. Reporter: The coroner was ", "weight loss drug hcg, leading her to kill herself. If it causes depression and you already have depression , gee, I wonder what happens. Wouldn't probably make it any better. Reporter: The coroner was unable to determine if vashti seacat's death ", "Iraq as a civilian. In 2010 boy and his wife Virginia moved to Colorado. That's when he started experiencing anxiety  depression  and paranoia. I had to take into the VA emergency room at one point because as a treatment had the VA clinic diagnosed ", "his wife Virginia moved to Colorado. That's when he started experiencing anxiety depression and paranoia. I had to take into the VA emergency room at one point because as a treatment had -- -- the "]