['out the red-carpeted aisles of  the Kennedy Center . Before the service, people keep Some of them dead are here at  the Kennedy Center . There is a running joke inside Georgetown, then the public memorial at  the Kennedy Center . They are sweet, sober, and starstruck ', 'Years: See the Photos But Clinton is no stranger to the selfie phenomenon. At a State Department Dinner for  the Kennedy Center Honors  gala last year, Clinton posed for a selfie with actress Meryl Streep, who snapped the picture from her iPhone ', 'Latino Center and  the Kennedy Center . The inauguration previously criticized  the Kennedy Center  for a lack of diversity the prestigious  Kennedy Center Honors . In 35 years selection process.  The Kennedy Center  will use the inaugural ', 'At the awards, Clinton quipped about how she first met de la Renta as first lady at the White House during  the Kennedy Center Honors . "So I reached out to shake Oscar\'s hand, and he looked me up and down, and he said, \'That\'s one of ', 'to improve the lives of women around the world. "This is a picture of my friend Hillary Clinton standing backstage of  the Kennedy center  at an event put on by an outfit called Vital Voices which Hillary started some time ago. They were recognizing and given ', 'ambitions, a group of about 30 people gathered outside  the Kennedy Center  to urge Clinton to run for president in 2016. The supporters Hillary" as cars honked pulling into the Clinton event at  the Kennedy Center  this evening. "It\'s going to happen, it\'s going ', 'Hillary Clinton Shares Stage With Joe Biden in First Public Event Since Leaving State', 'ambitions, a group of about 30 people gathered outside  the Kennedy Center  to urge Clinton to run for president in 2016. The supporters Hillary" as cars honked pulling into the Clinton event at  the Kennedy Center  this evening. "It\'s going to happen, it\'s going ', 'The first thing you said to me is \'How is the flounder?\'" On Dec. 2, De Niro introduced Hoffman at  the Kennedy Center Honors , which recognize lifetime contributions to American culture through the performing arts. Hoffman was one of ', 'speech that was sprinkled with phrases in Spanish. Biden also made a surprised stop at a Latino Inaugural Celebration at  the Kennedy Center  Sunday night, where he noted the rising political power of the community. On Monday, Obama also said that he would focus ', "the Democratic National Convention. Now, she is an executive producer and host of the Latino Inaugural , a concert at  the Kennedy Center  featuring performances by several artists including Jose Feliciano, Melanie Griffith and New York City's Ballet Hispanico ", "Biden (Vice President Joe Biden's son). Longoria will also host an inaugural concert celebrating Latino culture at  the Kennedy Center  on Sunday. Folds performed at the president's 100th fundraiser , a New York City concert that was expected to bring ", 'The kennedy center honors , stars from new york joined president obama to salute the honorees. Lara, huge talent. Unbelievable to see, david letterman ', 'The kennedy center honors stars from new york joined president obama to salute the honorees. Lara, huge talent. Unbelievable to see, david letterman and the top ', "Paid tribute to five legends this year's  Kennedy Center honors  went to Bruce Springsteen Mel Brooks Robert De John Mellencamp Melissa Etheridge and staying.  The Kennedy Center honors  go to those who have defined American culture ", "night as politicians and celebrities. Paid tribute to five legends this year's Kennedy Center honors went to Bruce Springsteen Mel Brooks Robert De Niro jazz pianist Dave Brubeck. And opera singer grace number -- there were also performances by John Mellencamp Melissa Etheridge and staying. The Kennedy Center honors go to those who have defined American culture through the arts I saw a light moment as well referring to Springsteen President ", "amazing. It was so moving to see you moved at  the kennedy center honors  when everyone was paying tribute to you, perilously de niro. I was set. You go, I'm going to  the kennedy center . I'm going meet the president and first lady ", "to is amazing. It was so moving to see you moved at the kennedy center honors when everyone was paying tribute to you, perilously your friend, robert de niro. I was set. You go, I'm going to the kennedy center I'm going meet the president and first lady. I'm going to sit there. They have it every year. I'm going to be ", "don't like it's sort of awareness. You've got to find the bow and every room. Everywhere. We also have  the Kennedy Center honors  Meryl Streep and Neil Diamond are among the honorees this year and and we can't forget. We cannot there ", "-- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- We also have the Kennedy Center honors Meryl Streep and Neil Diamond are among the honorees this year and and we can't forget. We cannot -- -- -- -- ", 'Oprah Winfrey was among the five people celebrated at  the Kennedy Center honors  ceremony on Tuesday night Alec Baldwin and Barbara Walters paid tribute to the queen of daytime television. But it was Chris tribute ', 'Oprah Winfrey was among the five people celebrated at the Kennedy Center honors ceremony on Tuesday night Alec Baldwin and Barbara Walters paid tribute to the queen of daytime television. But it was Chris -- ', "So last night big night it was  the Kennedy Center honors  in DC of course it happened last night you won't see it until much later on C yet. A because you're watching this anywhere ", "So last night big night it was the Kennedy Center honors in DC of course it happened last night you won't see it until much later on C yet. A because you're watching ", "couple weeks ago twelve stitches in his mouth. tends to make it difficult two and 98 certain take a look from  the Kennedy Center honors  last night. Support quote mr. Vento. To many people. The supporters superfluous it's this list. That's ", "make it difficult two and 98 certain -- take a look from the Kennedy Center honors last night. Support quote mr. Vento. To many people. The supporters superfluous it's this list. -- -- -- -- -- -- -- "]