['in the Real World" by Phil McGraw (Bird Street Books) 7. "Zealot" by Reza Aslan (Random House) 8. "Let\'s Explore  Diabetes  with Owls" by David Sedaris (Little, Brown) 9. "American Gun" by Chris Kyle (William Morrow) 10. "Dad Is Fat" by ', 'have steadily dropped in recent years, the hospital "continues to admit patients suffering from chronic conditions such as  diabetes  and asthma, who are often best treated on an outpatient basis and who would be had they gone to another facility." The hospital ', "Alzheimer's Disease . 8 Ways to Prevent Alzheimer's Disease Cardiovascular disease, which is more common among shorter people, is also linked to an increased risk of Alzheimer's disease. It's unclear whether all three are linked.  Diabetes", "protect against diseases such as asthma, obesity and  type 2 diabetes . Breastfeeding moms also enjoy lower levels of reproductive cancers,  type 2 diabetes  and postpartum depression. Royal Baby's Path To The ", 'scholarships 8. FDA WARNS DRUG SELLERS The agency is cracking down on more than a dozen companies suspected of marketing illegal  diabetes  treatments. 9. AMANDA BYNES HOSPITALIZED A mental health evaluation is ordered after the actress is spotted by a passer-by ', 'the Harvard researchers said. Other studies have suggested a link between breakfast and obesity, high blood pressure,  diabetes  and other health problems seen as precursors to heart problems. "But no studies looked at long-term risk of heart attack ', 'the Harvard researchers said. Other studies have suggested a link between breakfast and obesity, high blood pressure,  diabetes  and other health problems seen as precursors to heart problems. "But no studies looked at long-term risk of heart attack ', 'the Harvard researchers said. Other studies have suggested a link between breakfast and obesity, high blood pressure,  diabetes  and other health problems seen as precursors to heart problems. "But no studies looked at long-term risk of heart attack ', "time when the nation struggles with a public health epidemic where one in three children is at risk of developing  type - 2 diabetes  as a result of diets high in junk food. Yet the fast food industry, driven by industry leader McDonald's, spends ", "companies that market illegal treatments for  diabetes , ranging from bogus dietary supplements products aim to cash in on the country's  diabetes  epidemic, which affects nearly 26 million abroad, ordering them to stop selling  diabetes  treatments which violate U.S. drug ", 'was 49. Santiago died of a heart attack, said Emilio de Leo, the Oaxaca state culture director. De Leo said Santiago had  diabetes  for years. "Our condolences go to the family of the great teacher and cultural promoter Alejandro Santiago, a loss to Oaxaca ', 'the Harvard researchers said. Other studies have suggested a link between breakfast and obesity, high blood pressure,  diabetes  and other health problems seen as precursors to heart problems. "But no studies looked at long-term risk of heart attack ', "that we don't get  diabetes  so I'm kind of curious risk for developing  type two diabetes  obviously they were that are. So called  pre diabetic  that have blood glucose risk for developing  diabetes . And you bring up a ", "A new study out this week confirms that type two diabetes . Can be effectively prevented by a healthy lifestyle instead of drugs. For a better understanding we're now joined by Dick doctor Christopher -- that director of the Johns Hopkins diabetes center after side -- welcome. Thank you could be -- -- thank you. Tell us a little bit about this study I know that these were British researchers and they -- -- the number of studies to see what they could tell us about preventing type two diabetes what did they find. Well what they found was that not only -- lifestyle as good as the drugs but I've Stalin ", "about his that we should do these so that we don't get diabetes so I'm kind of curious. What is new about this. The new thing would be to first of all compare the whole ", "Lifestyle intervention. How did they know who was at risk for developing type two diabetes obviously they were looking at these interventions in certain groups of people who -- they looking at. They were looking at -- quite a select group of people those people that are. So called pre diabetic that have blood glucose levels blood sugar levels that are not normal but not diabetic . And so they're looking at people that are in very high risk for developing diabetes . And you bring up a good point because a lot of times this is not an identified group -- general public you have to. Have a doctor look exactly at your glucose levels your sugar and levels and -- and not normal but they're not diabetic . You are at risk. So if you go to the doctor and -- had this test done in this is what you find out right now today what would the doctor have you jail. Will the doctor might end up. Doing essentially what this study says which is that you should be more active you should -- way you should eat more healthy. And am try to avoid diabetes that way. The doctor might end up saying can. Can you should try a drug and and see if that works also ", 'officers, and left facedown on the street handcuffed. Officers thought she was drunk. But she was actually having a severe  diabetic  attack and was completely limp. I just was lost. Reporter: It all beganhen she hit the truck in front of her. Officers ', 'Officers thought she was drunk. But she was actually having a severe diabetic attack and was completely limp. I just was lost. Reporter: It all beganhen she hit the truck in front of her. Officers ', "Women who have  gestational diabetes  are at greater risk for developing.  Type two diabetes  or adult onset  diabetes  later in life. In fact half of them. We'll get  type two diabetes  over the next ten to fifteen ", "Women who have gestational diabetes are at greater risk for developing. Type two diabetes or adult onset diabetes later in life. In fact women with -- -- diabetes are probably at a significant risk anywhere between third and half of them. We'll get type two diabetes over the next ten to fifteen years. So my advice to and in this situation is to realize that they are at increased risk for diabetes and do everything they can to prevent it. We know that there are some very simple things you can do to reduce that risk. Exercising a half an hour a day five days a week even -- it's just a brisk walk. Combined with a modest amount of weight loss the neighborhood of ten pounds will reduce your risk of diabetes by almost 60%. Even if it doesn't prevent you from getting diabetes forever he made the lady -- the -- your diabetes by 1015. Maybe -- twenty years. What really matters is that you take is good care of yourself as possible to become is lean and as fit as you can and doing so model good behavior for your child who because you are at risk for diabetes may have an increased risk for diabetes as well. ", 'During a study called the  diabetes  prevention program used drugs to treat  type two diabetes  was and it was found that by Foreman people with  pre diabetes . No words are very high risk for developing  diabetes . Could decrease their ', "During a study called the diabetes prevention program. The medication meant Foreman. Which is a commonly used drugs to treat type two diabetes was -- and it was found that by -- -- Foreman people with pre diabetes . No words are very high risk for developing diabetes . Could decrease their risk by about 30%. So that's pretty good. The reason that everybody is taking Matt Foreman these days is that it hasn't been formally approved by the FDA. So that your doctors could prescribe it but he'd be using it here she would be using it what we call off label the -- is incredibly -- And in fact we had very good acceptance of the drugs during the diabetes for rich poor so much Foreman is building can be used to prevent diabetes . ", "same man who crashed into a tree on northwest science park drive in Washington County in 2007. The police report indicates a  diabetic  issue then as well. This same man who told the detective after high Lee's death he has never felt low off while driving ", "park drive in Washington County in 2007. The police report indicates a diabetic issue then as well. This same man who told the detective after high Lee's death he has never felt low -- off ", 'with butter and sugar. Has confirmed that she suffers from  type two diabetes . Dean tells USA today that she learned she had the disease ignored X. To launch a program designed to help people who  type two diabetes  and promoting you  diabetes', "cooking loaded with butter and sugar. Has confirmed that she suffers from type two diabetes . Dean tells USA today that she learned she had the disease three years ago. But tonight's keeping quiet about it to preserve her reputation here dean is also teaming up with drugmaker Novo ignored X. To launch a program designed to help people who type two diabetes and promoting you -- -- diabetes -- ", 'it is also called  juvenile diabetes . Troubling though of children with  type two diabetes  which is. Has always having this growth of  type two diabetes  particularly. Among factor for developing  type two diabetes  and is obesity ', "auto immune form of the disease. Used to it is also called juvenile diabetes . Troubling though is the increase in the number of children with type two diabetes which is. Has always often been called adult onset. We can't call it adult onset anymore because now children are developing. This form of diabetes which is associated with obesity. And in activity. Both forms of diabetes are increasing and both are of great concern now. And I'll simply point out that as part of our partnership with USA -- USA today. Have articles appearing including me -- today I want to turn to doctor -- for a minute and ask you to. Described why we think we're having this growth of type two diabetes particularly. Among. Young people we talk about the obesity epidemic what else might be going on. Well I think it's all the ", "over time heavily add to the problem of obesity. And the American Diabetes Association -- is that the primary risk factor for developing type two diabetes and is obesity. Whether you're a child or an adult. The need as you research your story and talk to many countries. ", "think that there are some excellent programs including one -- the Texas diabetes institute that are working -- Families and schools and and I think that there are some really good. Possibilities for change. -- -- that somewhat hopeful note I'll point out again that we at ABC news this week are partnering with USA today. In highlighting diabetes . This is the emphasis of the weekend -- find any articles in the Paper and we on our program -- and that ABC news we'll have a lot of program. I also would refer you. To our brand new web site on diabetes which you can find by going to abcnews.com. Clicking on the health page. And looking for of the diabetes website where you'll find well over a hundred questions. It -- asked by clicking on what interest you and we'll get an answer. Right in front of you on the screen from a leading diabetes experts throughout the country so I thank you again -- -- -- doctor -- for joining us taking the time and it "]