["Ricky Stenhouse Jr. won a Nationwide Series race at Iowa Speedway for the third straight time with a dominating performance in Sunday's Pioneer Hi-Bred 250.Stenhouse...", 'After bumping leader Elliott Sadler on a restart with five laps to go, Joey Logano held on through a green-white-checkered finish and won the VFW Sport Clips Help A ...', 'NASCAR roars into "Thunder Valley" this week, as the Sprint Cup , Nationwide and Camping World Truck Series run under the lights at Bristol Motor Speedway . The IZOD...', "Elliott Sadler will start on the pole for Wednesday night's O'Reilly 200 Camping World Truck Series race after posting the fastest lap in qualifying at Bristol Motor...", 'Series: NASCAR Camping World Truck. Date: mile oval. Start time: 8:00 p.m. (et). Laps: 200. Miles: 106.6. 2010 winner: Kyle Busch . Television: SPEED. Radio: Motor R...', "Virginia-native Denny Hamlin became a time race winner in the Camping World Truck Series by taking Saturday's Kroger 200 at Martinsville Speedway .Hamlin, a Sprint C...", "Ron Hornaday Jr . moved right back into the championship battle in the NASCAR Camping World Truck Series with a win in Saturday's Smith's 350 at Las Vegas Motor Spee...", "Ricky Stenhouse Jr. put his Nationwide Series title defense in full gear by winning Saturday's Sam's Town 300 at Las Vegas Motor Speedway.During the last round of pi...", "Elliott Sadler continues to be hot in the desert after winning the pole position for Saturday's Sam's Town 300 Nationwide Series race at Las Vegas Motor Speedway.Sad...", "Joey Logano will start on the pole for the second straight Nationwide Series race after winning Saturday's qualifying for the Royal Purple 300 at Auto Club Speedway....", "Joey Logano gave Joe Gibbs Racing its eighth consecutive Nationwide Series win at Auto Club Speedway by taking Saturday's Royal Purple 300.Logano started on the pole...", "It's the Monday before NASCAR teams report to Daytona for Speedweeks, but the preparation for the 2012 Sprint Cup season is just beginning.Richard Childress Racing r...", 'John King survived three attempts at a green-white-checkered restart to win a wild and crash-filled NextEra Energy Resources 250 NASCAR Camping World Truck Series ra...', "Kevin Harvick bounced back from an ill- race pit road blunder before he held off Timothy white-checkered finish to win Saturday's VFW 200 Camping World Truck Series ..."]