['Hitting the water just 15 hours after he won the grueling 400-meter individual medley, Ryan Lochte swam the second- fastest time in 200 freestyle heats Sunday mornin...', "The second full weekend of competition at the 2012 Summer Olympics brings with it some of the absolute can't miss events of the London Games, in the water, at the tr...", "Michael Phelps went out a winner in the Olympics.In his last-ever swim, Phelps helped the United States rally to win a gold medal in the men's 4x100m medley relay Sa...", "Michael Phelps' latest Olympic medal was the same color as so many of the others.Only this was the last one.The winningest Olympian of all time headed into retiremen...", 'The finale was a formality, more a coronation than a contest. Michael Phelps headed into the retirement the only way imaginable -- with another gold medal.Reclaiming...', 'It was a familiar scene, Michael Phelps atop an Olympic medal podium, gold medal hanging from his neck.No one has ever done it more. Maybe no one ever will. And if w...', 'It was a familiar scene, Michael Phelps atop an Olympic medal podium, gold medal hanging from his neck.No one has ever done it more. Maybe no one ever will. And if w...', 'Payback. This time, it was France chasing down the United States -- and Ryan Lochte, no less -- to win another riveting relay at the Olympics.With Michael Phelps loo...', "South Africa's Cameron van der Burgh won the men's 100-meter breaststroke Sunday night with a world record.Australia's Christian Sprenger touched second and American...", 'American Brendan Hansen, back at the Olympics once again after shunning retirement for another chance to win an individual gold medal, will at least have a shot at i...', "Ryan Lochte says he isn't here just to race against Michael Phelps. There are plenty of swimmers he has to beat.And in the sport's first medal event at the London Ol...", 'Ryan Lochte beat Michael Phelps to win the 400-meter individual medley on Saturday night. Beat? Phelps finished fourth, off the Olympic medal podium for the first ti...']