['common." Surviving Colon Cancer Alden continues to see Berger for follow-up colonoscopies and was recently diagnosed with  diverticulitis , an inflammation on the wall of the colon, which Dr. Berger is now treating him for as well. But that hasn\'t stopped ', 'helps your waist line, it\'s great for colon health and lowering "bad" cholesterol, and can alleviate constipation and  diverticulitis , a digestive disease. Because it slows sugar absorption, Savard said, fiber also minimizes the insulin spike that can ', 'gallbladder, pancreas or appendix. Obstructed bowel. Persistent constipation or too much gas. Aneurysm in the abdomen.  Diverticulitis . GERD or heartburn. Hernia. Foodborne illness. Ulcer. Lactose intolerance. Infection, such as mononucleosis or stomach ', 'condition/back_pain.aspx . -----  Diverticulitis  This study will evaluate a marketed to see if it prevents recurrence of  diverticulitis  episodes. The study lasts up to 2 clinical_trials/condition/ diverticulitis .aspx . ----- High Blood Pressure ', 'your digestion and promotes weight loss , but it can also help prevent heart disease , Type 2 diabetes , colon cancer,  diverticulitis  and obesity. Fiber-rich foods can also be a source of important nutrients, such as B vitamins, selenium and magnesium ', 'courtesy of CenterWatch : Gastrointestinal Diseases and Disorders If you have had at least one documented attack of acute  diverticulitis  in the previous 24 months that has been resolved with colonic resection, you may qualify for this study. The research ', 'It was during this visit that doctors diagnosed him with  diverticulitis  -- a condition in which a hole forms in the side of the For instance, she said, some patients suffering from  diverticulitis  naturally experience a leakage of fecal matter into the ', 'deadly intestinal condition known as  diverticulitis , a new study finds. In fact, insurance percent more likely to die after [ diverticulitis ] surgery than insured patients."  Diverticulitis  involves the inflammation and infection ', 'increase the risk of  diverticulitis  or diverticular of developing  diverticulosis  or its complications discards waste.  Diverticulosis  occurs when pouches the pouches.  Diverticulitis  occurs when the were free of  diverticulosis  or complications had experienced  diverticulitis , and 383 had ', 'CenterWatch : Gastrointestinal Diseases and Disorders If you are 18 or older and have had at least one documented case of acute  diverticulitis  in the previous 24 months that was resolved without colonic resection, you may qualify for this study. The research site ', 'convalescing in a secret location from an ailment also kept secret. There have been many reports in foreign media that Castro has  diverticulitis , a serious inflammation of the large intestine that often requires surgery in older people. But from Cuban officials and ', "past 10 years, there has been a 35 to 47 percent increase in several diseases, including colitis, Crohn's disease,  diverticulosis  and heartburn/reflux. On the flip side, stomach ulcers have gone down. It's speculated that some of the new cases ", "veterinarian from Milford, Conn., knows first hand the challenges of living with chronic pain. Following abdominal surgery for  diverticulitis , a buildup of scar tissue left him in agony. Laparoscopic treatments, which use a tiny camera to guide surgeons' hands "]