['investigation into the business of  dietary supplements . Americans spend 23 billion dollars garlic ginseng are a host of other  dietary supplements . These the kinds of snake oil claims ultimately it is up to the FDA to police  dietary supplements  for now. A warning the hawkers ', "Revealing undercover investigation into the business of dietary supplements . Americans spend 23 billion dollars a year on them but when government investigators posed as elderly consumers. A lot of them heard flat out lies and false claims about what they do Lisa stark on what lawmakers learned today. Not prevent alzheimer's on -- diabetes heart disease or cancer. Try -- below book garlic ginseng are a host of other dietary supplements . These -- the kinds of snake oil claims investigators -- A -- with diabetes is back offense minded open got a -- ", 'few bad apples ultimately it is up to the FDA to police dietary supplements for now. A warning the hawkers are selling their wares and their false promises. To unsuspecting. Consumers. Lisa stark ABC news Washington. ', 'investigation into the business of  dietary supplements . Americans spend 23 billion dollars garlic ginseng are a host of other  dietary supplements . These the kinds of snake oil claims ultimately it is up to the Fta to police  dietary supplements  for now a warning a hawkers are ', "liver problems. And next to revealing undercover investigation into the business of dietary supplements . Americans spend 23 billion dollars a year on them but when government investigators posed as elderly consumers. A lot of them heard flat out lies and false claims about what they do Lisa stark on what lawmakers learned today. Not prevent alzheimer's on -- diabetes heart disease or cancer. Try -- below book garlic ginseng are a host of other dietary supplements . These -- the kinds of snake oil claims investigators -- -- with diabetes is back offense minded open got a -- -- ", 'few bad apples ultimately it is up to the Fta to police dietary supplements for now a warning a hawkers are selling their wares and their false promises. To unsuspecting. Consumers. Lisa stark ABC news Washington. ', 'We have news about healthy living tonight. A big headline about one of the most popular  dietary supplements  in the country. The american heart association has long said that eating oily fish is good for your heart, so millions of people ', 'healthy living tonight. A big headline about one of the most popular dietary supplements in the country. The american heart association has long said that eating oily fish is good for your heart, so millions of ', 'the definition of  dietary supplement  back in 1994 with act. Called the  dietary supplement  health and education under that act of  dietary supplements  include things this category. Of  dietary supplements .', "a great question because very complex. Congress actually created the definition of dietary supplement back in 1994 with a special act. Called the dietary supplement health and education act. And under that act of dietary supplements include things like herbs. But also. High dose vitamins amino acids even some hormones like melatonin. So it's a very broad range of different substances that fall under this category. Of dietary supplements . ", "the health food store.  Dietary supplements  are 27 billion dollar a health here's Lisa stark.  Dietary supplements  are a booming business 150 substantial amount of the  dietary supplement  market place there is widespread ", "you see everywhere the supermarket the drug -- the health food store. Dietary supplements are 27 billion dollar a year business in this country but consumer reports has an alert. A list of supplements the magazine says can be dangerous to your health here's Lisa stark. Dietary supplements are a booming business 150 million Americans take them. But now warning from consumer reports about ingredients that may hurt not help ", "Supplements with vitamins may be particularly effective for some folks who don't eat the most balanced diet. However. Nutritional supplements should just be one factor that's considered when considering. Treatment. Psychological and behavioral interventions are particularly effective. And a", "found that certain other supplements may be harmful.  Dietary supplements  don't require the same rigorous testing the But it is leading trade association that represents the makers of  dietary supplements  was quick to fire back. Mission statement that the study ", "follows other studies that found that certain other supplements may be harmful. Dietary supplements don't require the same rigorous testing the -- -- But it is an eleven billion dollar. Business with millions of Americans convinced they're beneficial. And today the leading trade association that represents the makers of dietary supplements was quick to fire back. Mission statement that the study was biased and did not prove that supplements caused any harm. It's ", 'schizophrenia. And bipolar and attention deficit disorder we often have a tendency. To look at  dietary supplements  as being One  dietary supplement  being equal to and there. in the case of Omega threes. In in particular with heart disease ', 'and attention deficit disorder we often have a tendency. To look at dietary supplements as being -- One dietary supplement being equal to and there. -- in the case of Omega threes. In in particular with heart disease. -- been overall half ', "about a dozen  dietary supplements . And close family health food store.  Dietary supplements  are 27 billion here's Lisa stark.  Dietary supplements  are a booming amount of the  dietary supplement  market place there ", '-- at higher rates. Problem pills and a warning about a dozen dietary supplements . And close family really close. Seven years on a small boat five people sailing around the world. From ABC news headquarters this ', "products -- -- -- the supermarket the drugstore the health food store. Dietary supplements are 27 billion dollar a year business in this country but consumer reports has an alert. A list of supplements the magazine says can be dangerous to your health here's Lisa stark. Dietary supplements are a booming business 150 million Americans take them. But now warning from consumer reports about ingredients that may hurt not help ", 'manufacturers of vitamins and  dietary supplements  sometimes makes some of vitamins and and  dietary supplements  saying there is a wide demonstrates the benefits of  dietary supplement  products.  Dietary supplements  should be used as supplements ', 'vitamins can actually be dangerous. And yet the manufacturers of vitamins and dietary supplements sometimes makes some pretty lofty claims about how vitamins can help our health. Now how is this industry regulate it. Well you ', 'which is. The group that represents the manufacturers of vitamins and and dietary supplements saying there is a wide body of scientific research that demonstrates the benefits of dietary supplement products. Dietary supplements should be used as supplements to not substitute for. Other healthy lifestyle choices consumers would be wise to buy from companies were ', "the counter whether it's a  dietary supplement  or even something your physician effects. And here for the  dietary supplements  we have to go to some different this particular drug herb. Or  dietary supplement  actually work for you.", "before you take anything. Whether it's over the counter whether it's a dietary supplement or even something your physician recommended it's always a good idea to ask what are the potential side effects. And here for the dietary supplements we have to go to some different sources and do her homework again. And I'm thinking of places like -- camp the national center for complementary alternative medicine actually has a good web -- with lots of basic information. Again other web sites such as Mayo Clinic dot com. Have a lot of information specific to these types of questions about dietary supplements both their effects good. And -- facts not so good. And of course wherever you find bring back to your primary doctor He or she can sit down with -- and make a decision about does this particular drug herb. Or dietary supplement actually work for you. ", 'information. About the use of  dietary supplements  and this is a very important this out before you try any  dietary supplement . Nor us Kettering my department not a good idea to indulge in  dietary supplements .', 'that can provide solid information evidence based information. About the use of dietary supplements and this is a very important question so I would encourage people. To check this out before you try any dietary supplement . Nor us -- Kettering my department has Sloan Kettering has a website called about herbs. And the address is www. MS KCC. ', "about a dozen  dietary supplements . And close family health food store.  Dietary supplements  are 27 billion here's Lisa stark.  Dietary supplements  are a booming amount of the  dietary supplement  market place there ", '-- at higher rates. Problem pills and a warning about a dozen dietary supplements . And close family really close -- seven years on a small boat five people. Sailing around the world. From ABC news headquarters ', "you see everywhere the supermarket the drug -- the health food store. Dietary supplements are 27 billion dollar a year business in this country but consumer reports has an alert. A list of supplements the magazine says can be dangerous to your health here's Lisa stark. Dietary supplements are a booming business 150 million Americans take them. But now warning from consumer reports about ingredients that may hurt not help ", 'their thoughts. Asking does a  dietary supplement  always improve help. Most spoke to said no. Taking a  dietary supplement  may improve health in some cases but not very many some  dietary supplements  are beneficial. A few are ', "dozen doctors are around the country for their thoughts. Asking does a dietary supplement always improve help. Most of the doctors we spoke to said no. Taking a dietary supplement may improve health in some cases but not very many some dietary supplements are beneficial. A few are harmful and most don't make a lot of difference. So what are some of the settlements they ", 'important issues about  dietary supplements  in general. Often advertised. Most  dietary supplements  are ineffective benefits claimed for  dietary supplements  are accurate health claims for  dietary supplement  products. Buyer ', "doesn't work to lower cholesterol levels. These findings raise important issues about dietary supplements in general. Often heavily advertised. Most dietary supplements are ineffective. And a few like ephedra containing products are harmful. Because of legislation passed a decade ago. The FDA is barred from regulating these products. They -- four. Now when the government is checking to see whether the health benefits claimed for dietary supplements are accurate. Consumers should be very wary of any health claims for dietary supplement products. Buyer be -- This has -- doctor Stephen -- and with this healthy life moment. ", "controversy isn't going to end soon because now the company is marketing their drinks as a beverage instead of a  dietary supplement . Which means they will no longer have to report claims about adverse effect to the government. Now the good ", 'the company is marketing their drinks as a beverage instead of a dietary supplement . Which means they will no longer have to report claims about adverse effect to the government. Now the good news for consumers ']