["really because I thought. How be not be aware. Her psychiatrist suspected that extremely rare diagnosis  multiple personality disorder . Although you're still all one person. You functioned in isolated parts. So that one part of your ", "-- -- not be aware. Her psychiatrist suspected that extremely rare diagnosis multiple personality disorder . Although you're still all one person. You functioned in isolated parts. So that one part of your personality we'll have experiences and ", "and it's about a woman who suffers  multiple personality disorder . And it set necessities at a time when marginal life if she has secret. She has  multiple personality disorder  so she has a hard time sort of you know ", "for four two decade and it's about a woman who suffers -- multiple personality disorder . And it set necessities at a time when this disease -- is not known to be real and true it was mixed ", 'sort of this marginal life if she has -- secret. She has multiple personality disorder so she has a hard time sort of -- you know keeping a job and living a normal life when her personality ', "to they rushed to the hospital to be her bedside old and  did  I mention this new doctor. Yes for one day I got to be had breast cancer been widowed. And in true style has  multiple personality disorder . Believe me I couldn't come up with the crazy things ", "divorced had breast cancer been widowed. And in true -- style has multiple personality disorder . Believe me I couldn't come up with the crazy things that come out. I don't know what could I couldn't eat there ", 'diagnosis of  multiple personality .  Disorder  are Bob Woodruff you talk about  multiple personality disorder . How has He remember but He  did  changeable and of multiple  multiple personality disorder . What He says ', "He explains that what's happened to him. Is actually a diagnosis of multiple personality . Disorder are Bob Woodruff. Spent a fair amount of time with Herschel Walker and he's put together report we're gonna talk with Bob ", "what what is what is his experience -- when you talk about multiple personality disorder . How has He lifted how does He even -- that He has it. We're you know we knew we look back at ", "And these are things that it is not really remember but He did changeable and voice. And an act and it's consultant never really gone public before the -- want to write a book. So that He can help others and have the same kind of problems. And the last thing I want to ask -- week we're all familiar -- most of us of familiar with that the film. The tells the story of Sybil which was was portrayed ads based on reality. How how realistic is that. Com that popular. Portrayal of multiple multiple personality disorder . What He says He -- doesn't want people who think he's crazy and and right now he's a lot better than it ", 'identity disorder or  DID . A rare and controversial mental illness once called  multiple personality disorder . Headed the whole time one Well He probably  did  so that mean that He Psychiatric Association.  DID  is among the most contentious ', "life walker says He has suffered from the associated identity disorder or DID . A rare and controversial mental illness once called multiple personality disorder . Headed the whole time I just know what it won't -- -- know how to cope -- -- That young man you "]