['Nelson Piquet Jr. wins Trucks race at Las Vegas, passing Matt Crafton on final lap', 'Nelson Piquet Jr. raced to his second NASCAR Trucks Series victory of the year Saturday night, passing Matt Crafton on the final lap at Las Vegas Motor Speedway.Piqu...', "Nelson Piquet Jr. passed Matt Crafton for the lead on the final lap to win Saturday night's Smith's 350 Camping World Truck Series race at Las Vegas Motor Speedway.P...", 'The 10-race Chase begins this weekend at Chicagoland Speedway, as 12 drivers begin their battle for the 2012 Sprint Cup Series title. The IZOD IndyCar Series will de...', 'After taking a break last weekend, the Camping World Truck Series resumes its schedule on Saturday night at Iowa Speedway.Timothy Peters holds only a six-point lead ...', "Timothy Peters took sole possession of the lead in the Camping World Truck Series point standings by winning Wednesday night's UNOH 200 in a flawless performance at ...", "Elliott Sadler will start on the pole for Saturday night's U.S. Cellular 250 Nationwide Series race after setting a new track qualifying record at Iowa Speedway.Sadl...", "Despite being under the weather throughout the weekend, Elliott Sadler prevailed in a green-white-checkered finish to win Sunday's Nationwide Series race at Chicagol...", 'James Buescher appeared to be lost in the woods midway through the race as he lost two laps because of a carburetor change.In the closing laps, however, there was Bu...', "James Buescher bounced back from a carburetor issue and then a two-lap deficit to win Saturday night's American Ethanol 225 Camping World Truck Series race at Chicag...", "Ricky Stenhouse Jr. will start on the pole for Sunday's STP 300 Nationwide Series race after topping the qualifying charts at Chicagoland Speedway.Stenhouse, the def...", 'Johnny Sauter put his 2012 Camping World Truck Series season back on track Friday night by winning the WinStar World Casino 400.Sauter had struggled in the series pr...', "It's a busy weekend of auto racing in North America. The NASCAR Sprint Cup Series runs at Pocono Raceway, while the NASCAR Camping World Truck Series joins IndyCar a...", "Todd Bodine loves Texas Motor Speedway.Why?He has six wins at this fast 1.5-mile racetrack, which is the most victories by any driver in all three of NASCAR's nation...", 'Persistent rain at Texas Motor Speedway on Thursday forced NASCAR to cancel qualifying for the WinStar World Casino 400 Camping World Truck Series race.The starting ...', 'Through May 111. Joey Logano, 307.862. Kevin Harvick, 246.783. Denny Hamlin, 236.704. Ricky Stenhouse Jr., 235.605. Kurt Busch, 162.766. Elliott Sadler, 154.597. Pau...']