['Rep .  Barney Frank , (D-Mass.), on how he interprets the provision in the Financial regulation Law.', "Rep .  Barney Frank  (D-MA) tells Alan what he thinks of President Obama's efforts to protect gay rights", "Rep .  Barney Frank  (D-MA) with FBN's Ashley Webster on how government regulations are devastating local fishing communities in Massachusetts.", "Joseph Kennedy III, the first of his famous political family's generation to seek elective office, defeated two little-known Democrats in Thursday's primary in Massa...", 'Below is a partial list of speakers set to deliver remarks at the Democratic National Convention on Wednesday, Sept. 5. This list, released by the DNC, is subject to...', "Wall Street firms gambled on Mitt Romney and lost.Now, faced with the prospect of even tougher regulations in President Barack Obama's second term, they have to buil...", 'The chances are good, but not guaranteed, that Elizabeth Warren will secure a highly coveted seat on the Senate Banking Committee, a move that would dramatically ele...', 'Below is a partial list of speakers set to deliver remarks at the Democratic National Convention on Thursday, Sept. 6. This list, released by the DNC, is subject to ...', 'For the physician in Illinois, the attorney in Kentucky, the arts editor in Oregon, their Eagle Scout medals were treasured reminders of youthful achievement. Yet ea...', 'President Obama, who once called bank executives "fat cats" and their pay "obscene," says Wall Street needs to change executive pay incentives that reward risky bets...', "Newest Kennedy candidate drawn into debate in closing weeks of bid for Frank's seat", 'The newest member of the Kennedy family to enter politics appears well positioned to win a congressional seat for Democrats in Massachusetts, but not before at least...', "California Democratic Rep. Maxine Waters won't be charged with ethics violations following allegations she steered a $12 million federal bailout to a bank where her ...", 'Massachusetts Democratic Rep. Barney Frank is apologizing for an off-handed comment he made about the Trayvon Martin case during a graduation ceremony Sunday."You no...', "FBN's Peter Barnes on Rep.  Barney Frank's  plan for winding down large banks that are failing."]