['Deja vu on cue.Ryan Lochte got Jason Lezak-ed by the French.Yannick Agnel chased down Lochte after the final turn and France rallied to beat the United States in the...', 'Phelps-Lochte I was nearly over before it began.Perhaps conserving a little too much energy, Michael Phelps qualified eighth in the 400-meter individual medley Satur...', 'U.S. swimmer Brendan Hansen is no stranger to the medals podium, but for this four-time Olympic medalist, the path to success outweighs the rewards."At the end of th...', "Brendan Hansen was done with swimming after two doses of Olympic heartache.He's feeling a lot better now.Next stop: London.Hansen, who retired from the sport after t...", 'Brendan Hansen and Eric Shanteau were the favorites.The race was a different matter.In another major breaststroke upset, Scott Weltz won the 200 meters at the U.S. O...', 'Scott Weltz shocked favorites Brendan Hansen and Eric Shanteau to win the 200-meter breaststroke at the U.S. Olympic trials on Friday.The 25-year-old Weltz clocked i...', "For Michael Phelps, this is it. In his mind, there's no doubt about it. As soon as his hand touches the wall for the final time at the London Olympics, his swimming ...", 'Missy Franklin\'s dancing skills are on full display in the U.S. swimming team\'s video set to the ubiquitous song "Call Me Maybe."The 17-year-old teenager boogies dow...', "It's worth remembering that Michael Phelps didn't do it alone.Although his eight gold medals in Beijing was a singular record -- the Holy Grail of Olympic marks, rea...", "There's nothing like a good rivalry to get the competitive juices flowing.At the Olympic pool in London, get ready to savor Michael Phelps vs. Ryan Lochte.They are t...", "Forty-somethings and teen phenoms.Records and rivalries.Comebacks and farewells.While Michael Phelps and Ryan Lochte are getting much of the attention, there's no sh...", "Ryan Lochte and Michael Phelps will have their first showdown on the opening night of the U.S. Olympic swimming trials.The world's top swimmers advanced to Monday's ...", "Ryan Lochte still has Michael Phelps' number.Phelps, though, has put himself in position to go for another gaudy number: eight gold medals at the London Olympics.Loc...", "Ryan Lochte won Round 1 of his showdown with Michael Phelps at the U.S. Olympic swimming trials. Phelps won't have to wait long for a second chance to take down his ...", 'Lindsey Vonn (Vail, Colo.) completed a historic clean sweep opening giant slalom victory in Soelden, Austria , a pair of downhill victories, and the super G win in C...', 'One night after beating him to win the 400-meter individual medley at the U.S. Olympic trials, Ryan Lochte edged Michael Phelps to the wall Tuesday in their semifina...']