['vaccine and whooping cough, plus a shot of the tetanus/ diphtheria  immunization vaccine every 10 years. For those over 60 rates are lower. Young adults need flu, tetanus/ diphtheria /whooping cough, chickenpox and human papillomavirus ', 'the survey, parents who said their teens were not vaccinated for tetanus toxoid,  diphtheria  toxoid, and acellular pertussis/tetanus toxoid and reduced  diphtheria  toxoid (Tdap/Td) and quadrivalent meningococcal conjugate vaccine (MCV4) were ', "to synthetics. Pope Benedict's Stuffed Animals As an infant, Benedict was quite sickly, with ailments including  diphtheria , according to Cybercast News. His favorite toys were stuffed animals, and he was particularly attached to a pair of ", 'less likely to have had all five doses of the DTaP ( diphtheria , tetanus, and acellular pertussis) vaccine than those acellular version was introduced, in combination with  diphtheria  and tetanus toxoids. Since then, in several outbreaks ', 'all recommended booster shots. An outbreak of whooping cough in California led experts to conclude that the current  diphtheria , tetanus, acellular pertussis (DTaP) vaccine for children has not worked as well as the older version from nearly ', 'of whooping cough in more than five decades this year, possibly caused by a weaker vaccine, many experts say. The  Diphtheria , Tetanus, acellular Pertussis (DTaP) vaccine for children has not been as effective in protecting against whooping ', "and teens receive the tetanus- diphtheria -pertussis vaccine, the vaccine requirements. The rate of tetanus- diphtheria -pertussis vaccination was 80 throughout childhood. The tetanus- diphtheria -pertussis vaccine doesn't confer ", 'gasps for air. The infection is preventable with the dTap vaccine , a series of five shots that boost immunity against  diphtheria , tetanus and pertussis. The first dose of dTap is given two months after birth, making infants particularly vulnerable ', 'dropped by more than a quarter between 1990 and 2008; 131 countries now have immunization coverage of more than 90% for  diphtheria , tetanus and major preventable diseases such as measles, compared to 63 in 1990; the percentage of people living on ', 'on antibiotics, as well. But more importantly, get vaccinated, they say. The dTap vaccine, a shot that prevents  diphtheria , tetanus and pertussis, is readily available to the public. Church said the health department is currently on a media ', 'throughout the 49th state, their greatest accomplishment was seen in 1925 when mushers followed the Iditarod trail to bring  Diphtheria  serum to Nome from Anchorage, following a deadly outbreak. The start in Anchorage Saturday is considered the ceremonial ', 'disease-fighting antibodies for tetanus and  diphtheria  later in life. Researchers studied responses to vaccines for tetanus and  diphtheria . The study found that higher levels antibodies formed after getting the  diphtheria  vaccine. The 7-year-old children ', 'counties have made the tDap vaccine, a shot that prevents  diphtheria , tetanus and pertussis, readily available to the public vaccinated with Tdap, a vaccine to protect against  diphtheria , tetanus and pertussis. "The mother then passes her ', "us need boosters. this vaccine that we're using today you know. Every adolescent should get a booster with tetanus  diphtheria  whooping cough vaccine. And indeed virtually every adult also is eligible for booster. We need to deliver this vaccine ", 'using today you know. Every adolescent should get a booster with tetanus diphtheria whooping cough vaccine. And indeed virtually every adult also is eligible for booster. We need to deliver this vaccine. Much more comprehensively. ', 'United States alone measles smallpox  diphtheria  polio whooping cough. Have been diseases like polio smallpox and  diphtheria . No longer scare Americans there recent years the DTP vaccine for  diphtheria  tetanus and pertussis was changed ', 'out thousands of people here in the United States alone measles smallpox diphtheria polio whooping cough. Have been effectively eliminated as threats to us and our children. And a major reason for that is the ', "message vaccines say the experts are -- diseases like polio smallpox and diphtheria . No longer scare Americans there is no evidence has the medical establishment. They're causing any harm. But Welling up from the public ", 'by vaccines. The fact that in recent years the DTP vaccine for diphtheria tetanus and pertussis was changed because there were concerns it could lead to brain damage. The fact that the CDC has suspended ', "extra booster get the vaccine. Even if you already did happen. Well actually the pertussis vaccine combined with the  diphtheria  and tetanus vaccines. Wasn't available for people over the age of seven until 2005. So if you haven't gotten a ", "you already did happen. Well actually the pertussis vaccine combined with the diphtheria and tetanus vaccines. Wasn't available for people over the age of seven until 2005. So if you haven't gotten a tetanus vaccine. ", "compounds in the environment has increased. But also in the last forty years the diseases. That were measured tetanus and  diphtheria . Have diminished almost to the point of being disappeared. Gone in the United States and that's because of effect ", "in the last forty years the diseases. That were measured tetanus and diphtheria . Have diminished almost to the point of being disappeared. Gone in the United States and that's because of -- -- effect of ", "vaccine. Wears off after awhile and so there's actually a booster shot that has tetanus  diphtheria  and pertussis public That protects against tetanus  diphtheria  and whooping cough and You needed to get one booster between. Childhood and it sixty ", "awhile and so there's actually -- a booster shot that has tetanus diphtheria and pertussis public -- -- That protects against tetanus diphtheria and whooping cough and -- You needed to get one booster between. Childhood and it sixty. Is this not a recent recommendation ", "ones first. Is a booster. It's called the tetanus  diphtheria  and pertussis vaccine T death for shorten him. That's or have a cut. So that's the first the second is  diphtheria  which is a respiratory infection. That we don't even ", "are three important ones first. Is a booster. It's called the tetanus diphtheria and pertussis vaccine -- T death for shorten him. That's a combination of tetanus which we know causes luck -- -- and it is a serious bacterial infection you can typically get when you puncture yourself or -- have a cut. So that's the first the second is diphtheria which is a respiratory infection. That we don't even think about anymore because we're getting that booster -- -- regularly but it ", "at risk what about adults are they off. Adults can also be at risk and fortunately we now have a combined. Tetanus  diphtheria  and whooping cough vaccine. You know we should all get our tetanus shots every ten years. Well now it's a combined ", "also be at risk and fortunately we now have a combined. Tetanus diphtheria and whooping cough vaccine. You know we should all get our tetanus shots every ten years. Well now it's a combined vaccine "]