["RELATED:  Paris Jackson  Reportedly 'Smiling propofol to  Michael Jackson  in June 2009 RELATED:  Paris Jackson 's Life in brother Prince  Michael Jackson  and aunt LaToya to do after  Paris Jackson  is released ", "has extended an invitation to  Paris Jackson  : She can be his guest anytime through the website TMZ . READ:  Paris Jackson 's Life in the Spotlight: What apparent suicide attempt. READ:  Paris Jackson  'Cut Her Arm With a Kitchen Knife ", "Paris Jackson  was receiving brother Prince  Michael Jackson  and aunt LaToya magazine. READ:  Paris Jackson 's Life in the daughter of the late  Michael Jackson  was taken to a what to do after  Paris Jackson  is released.", 'As  Paris Jackson  recovers from a suicide attempt that the world\'s most famous pop star,  Michael Jackson , got to this place. Late Tuesday night safety of  Michael Jackson ." See what  Paris Jackson  says about teen struggles and missing ', 'As  Paris Jackson  recovers from a suicide attempt that the world\'s most famous pop star,  Michael Jackson , got to this place. Late Tuesday night safety of  Michael Jackson ." See what  Paris Jackson  says about teen struggles and missing ', 'the four-story building collapse in downtown Philadelphia. 4.  Paris Jackson  \'Cut Her Arm With a Kitchen Knife,\' Audio Reveals  Paris Jackson , daughter of  Michael Jackson , is "getting appropriate medical attention" after an apparent suicide ', 'privacy." RELATED:  Paris Jackson  \'Safe and Doing Tito Jackson -  Michael Jackson \'s brothers and  Paris Jackson \'s uncles - the a 911 call from  Paris Jackson \'s Calabasas The Legacy of  Michael Jackson  An emergency at ', 'Getty Images)  Paris Jackson , the teenage daughter of the late  Michael Jackson , is "physically the home after a  Paris Jackson  suicide attempt Tito Jackson -  Michael Jackson \'s brothers and  Paris Jackson \'s uncles - echoed ', "convince a jury that the promoters of  Michael Jackson 's 2009 comeback concert were responsible Murray working for? Is he working for  Michael Jackson , or is he working for AEG live believes we got part of the story of  Michael Jackson . This trial is important because ", 'Paris Jackson  is no longer hiding father, the late  Michael Jackson , who used to READ MORE:  Paris Jackson  Steps Into the death." PHOTOS:  Michael Jackson \'s Family Through READ MORE:  Paris Jackson  on Teen Struggles ', 'All eyes will be on  Michael Jackson \'s two eldest children as they Entertainment Group (AEG) was aware  Michael Jackson  was "not psychically well over the health and safety of  Michael Jackson ." The Jackson family claims ', 'it was hard to point out  Paris Jackson  in a crowd. Her father, the legendary  Michael Jackson , tried desperately to like him.\'" PHOTOS:  Michael Jackson \'s Family Through the Years And  Michael Jackson  was behind his daughter\'s ', 'and Tragic Death of  Michael Jackson ," by Randall Sullivan Life and Death of  Michael Jackson  Sullivan says that business partner.  Paris Jackson  on Teen Struggles singer\'s fortune.  Paris Jackson  took to Twitter asking ', "questions swirling around  paris jackson 's apparent is suicide we do know is that  paris jackson  comes from one of the was supposed to be  michael jackson 's comeback tour testify in that case.  Paris jackson  was asked intimate ", "Let's get to the big questions swirling around paris jackson's apparent is suicide attempt and whether they are guardians missed the danger signs. Abc's cecilia vega joins us from los angeles with much more on all this. Good morning, cecilia. Reporter: Robin, good morning. So many questions still, but what we do know is that paris jackson comes from one of the country's most famous families and with that seems to come a lot of grief. I just wanted ", "mind. She is  Michael Jackson 's only daughter must be for  Paris Jackson  when her father depression.  Paris Jackson  has had to endure to blame for  Michael Jackson 's premature of dollars.  Paris Jackson  was deposed ", "almost. Get the ticket. New -- This is not mind. She is Michael Jackson's only daughter and early this morning in a scene eerily reminiscent of her father's final hours she was rushed to the hospital it was an apparent suicide attempt. Being a teenager is difficult under any circumstances -- imagine how tough it must be for Paris Jackson when her father was alive. She -- in a protective bubble since then she's been thrust into an often harsh spotlight dealing ", "kid. Tension. Etched. Then days later. -- you -- familiar 911 call. Paris Jackson rushed to the hospital by ambulance at 2 AM from the Jackson family compound. -- that he that the -- when he -- training -- her arm of the kitchen knives. This was a serious suicide attempt this was not he cried for help. What's -- we know is that there have been other. Attempts at suicide she's troubled young girl what seems to be metro. -- -- there's the obvious what there's a lot of trouble swimming -- All of them it seems stemming pretty directly from the loss of her father. Michael Jackson famously protected his kids trying to shield them from the glare of the spotlight that had robbed him of his childhood. I can take a walk in the park can go to the store -- the high in the room and -- -- -- in prison. The fourth anniversary of MJ's death is now just a few weeks away. -- saying. It's it's it's. His funeral. Marking the first time Paris Jackson ever spoken public. Other if you ever imagine. I think for all Michael Jackson was and wasn't what we do know -- -- good father. He cared deeply. He cared deeply about his kids a heart ", "solutions and huge success he -- any income disparities. In the family. Paris Jackson has managed to grow into a poised young actress who seems to have inherited her father's -- -- dance moves with Ellen ", "fifteen year old daughter  Paris Jackson  of the late  Michael Jackson  rushed to the hospital Wednesday Just tweeting stayed strong  Paris Jackson  Russell Simmons. Saying very sad to hear about  Paris Jackson 's. Keep you in your prayers ", "-- We've been telling you in the news fifteen year old daughter Paris Jackson of the late Michael Jackson rushed to the hospital Wednesday. Apparent suicide attempt sad story have cut itself with a knife allegedly she took some Motrin pills. Anyway celebrities now sort of -- weighing in with -- support for her tweets coming in from just a few of the celebrities a bunch we'll give you a few. Just -- -- tweeting stayed strong Paris Jackson Russell Simmons. Saying very sad to hear about Paris Jackson's . Keep you in your prayers Carmen Electra love and support. Going out of Paris Jackson a lot of celebrities -- in just a very sad story she's she's been dealing with depression is recovering in the hospital ", "She is  Michael Jackson 's only daughter it must be for  Paris Jackson  when her father productive lives  Paris Jackson  included. The to blame for  Michael Jackson 's premature of dollars.  Paris Jackson  was deposed in ", "She is Michael Jackson's only daughter and early this morning in a -- -- eerily reminiscent of her father's final hours she was rushed to the hospital he was an apparent suicide attempt. Being a teenager is difficult under any circumstances -- imagine how tough it must be for Paris Jackson when her father was alive. She lives in a protective bubble since then she's been thrust into an often harsh spotlight dealing ", '-- -- Then days later and -- you really familiar 911 call. Paris Jackson rushed to the hospital by ambulance at 2 AM from the Jackson family compound. Give up that -- -- 820 -- -- ', "them it seems stemming pretty directly from the loss of her father. Michael Jackson famously protected his kids trying to shield them from the glare of the spotlight that had robbed him of his childhood. I can take a walk in the park can go to the store can I have to high in the room and feel like -- in prison. The fourth anniversary of MJ's death is now just a few weeks away. Song -- It's it's it's. His funeral. Marking the first time Paris Jackson ever spoke in public. Other if you ever imagine. I think for all Michael Jackson was good -- What we do know he -- -- good father he cared deeply. He cared deeply about his kids a ", "The only daughter of  michael jackson  rushed to the hospital morning, robin.  Paris jackson  is said to be physically family home. This time  michael jackson 's 15-year-old knife. Reporter:  Paris jackson  rushed to the hospital ", "The only daughter of michael jackson rushed to the hospital yesterday after downing painkillers and cutting herself with a kitchen knife on her abc's david wright is in los angeles with the latest. Good morning, david. Reporter: Good morning, robin. Paris jackson is said to be physically fine after that apparent suicide attempt and I'm getting the appropriate medical attention and her family is asking for the one thing that it's been toughest to give her since the day she was born, privacy. Overdose. Reporter: It came 1:30 a.M. Wednesday. A medical emergency at the jackson family home. This time michael jackson's 15-year-old daughter. 15, OD'd ON 20 MOTRIN AND CUT Her arm with a kitchen knife. Reporter: Paris jackson rushed to the hospital by ambulance after apparently taking 20 motrin, cutting her arm and calling a suicide hot line. The person ", "the daughter of  michael jackson . 15-year-old  paris jackson  was rushed to 15-year-old  paris jackson  was being rushed clearly haunted  paris jackson  as she blossomed lawsuit against  michael jackson 's former concert ", "Now a mysterious turn tonight for the daughter of michael jackson . 15-year-old paris jackson was rushed to the hospital early this morning. The family released a statement, suggesting that life has been difficult for her, and abc's david wright has that story. Hello face that rearl ever is seen in public without makeup. Reporter: Just 24 hours after this video was posted offering makeup and skin care tips to her fans. 15-year-old paris jackson was being rushed to the hospital by ambulance. 16 overdose, sheriff responding. Reporter: An apparent suicide attempt. This was a serious suicide ", "I love him. So much. Reporter: That heart break has clearly haunted paris jackson as she blossomed into daumthood. Currently she and her grandmother are plaintiffs in a wrongful death lawsuit against michael jackson's former concert promoter, the case potentially worth hundreds of millions of dollars. Over the past few days, she has been tweeting out song lyrics, including this, yesterday all my troubles seemed so far away. Now it looks as though they're here to stay. A beatles tune that she owns the rights to as part of michael jackson's estates. Quote, being a sensitive 15-year-old girl is difficult no matter who you are. It is especially difficult when you lose the ", "Michael Jackson 's only daughter Paris is recovering in a Los Angeles hospital following two siblings. Here's ABC's Taina Hernandez. Just days after  Paris Jackson  reportedly attempted to take her own life and a judge is ordering ", "Michael Jackson's only daughter Paris is recovering in a Los Angeles hospital following an apparent suicide attempt. Her extended family there by her side but in a new twist a judge has now ordered an inquiry to find out whether the Jackson family in particular that 83 year old Stanley matriarch and legal guardian Katherine Jackson. It's providing the proper -- care for parents and her two siblings. Here's ABC's Taina Hernandez. Just days after Paris Jackson reportedly attempted to take her own life and a judge is ordering an inquiry into her well being to find out what "]