["make North Dakota the only state to prohibit women from having an abortion because a fetus has a genetic defect, such as  Down syndrome . Kromenaker said the clinic wants that law overturned but didn't seek an immediate injunction to block it because abortions ", "make North Dakota the only state to prohibit women from having an abortion because a fetus has a genetic defect, such as  Down syndrome . Tammi Kromenaker, Red River's director, said the clinic wants that law overturned but didn't seek an immediate injunction ", "make North Dakota the only state to prohibit women from having an abortion because a fetus has a genetic defect, such as  Down syndrome . Tammi Kromenaker, Red River's director, said the clinic wants that law overturned but didn't seek an immediate injunction ", 'A caretaker says in a statement she warned officers not to touch a man with  Down syndrome  or he would "freak out," shortly before he died during a bid to forcibly remove him from a Maryland movie theater. The Frederick ', 'dead brothers to sustain his scheme, according to police reports, and further took advantage of another brother who has  Down syndrome , signing his name and driving him to registration offices whenever he needed a fingerprint. But by 2010, authorities unraveled ', 'offering to adopt an unborn child with  Down syndrome  who otherwise would have been aborted looking for a family to adopt their  Down Syndrome  unborn baby. If a couple has not been Grover, president of the International  Down Syndrome  Coalition and the mother of an 8-year-old ', 'North Dakota, wanted to make it illegal for a woman to end a pregnancy after learning her unborn child would suffer from  Down syndrome  or another chromosomal abnormality, she turned to a trusted source. Americans United for Life, a nonpartisan Washington-based ', "genetically predisposed to celiac eats gluten. Women are more likely to suffer from celiac. So are people with type 1 diabetes,  Down syndrome , Turner syndrome, autoimmune thyroid disease and Sjogren's syndrome. It's more common in Caucasians than other ethnicities ", 'was featured in an iPhone commercial using the voice recognition system Siri to confirm dinner plans and a young boy with  Down syndrome  was featured among other children in an online Target ad. Paralympic champion sprinter Oscar Pistorius was used to market ', 'their wages and working conditions. The White House has not yet commented. Benitez has three children. The youngest has  Down Syndrome  and requires extra medical attention that can be expensive. She earns $9.54 an hour. Her last raise was just four cents ', "Tenn. Family Sues After Seeing Altered, 'Offensive' Images of Son with Down Syndrome ", 'posted altered images of their son with  Down syndrome  with descriptions that read "Retarded parents of Adam, who was diagnosed with  Down syndrome  at birth. The suit, filed with the was using did denote a person with  Down syndrome ," the program director wrote. Andy ', 'as the show ended, Sylvester revealed to the viewer that the gun actually belonged to Becky Jackson, a teenage girl with  Down syndrome  played by Lauren Potter. "I was scared coach, about graduating, being out in the world. With no one to protect me ', "their babies at risk for  Down ' s syndrome . But big tonight a new chance of having a baby with  Down syndrome  a one in thirty chance at accurate in predicting  Down syndrome . And costs about the same really is only test for  Down syndrome . And there are many many ", "-- among other things to learn if their babies at risk for Down's syndrome . But big -- tonight a new option a simple blood test. ABC's chief health and medical editor doctor Richard -- explains. When ", "high school football team in Boston his heart story is the movies are made up. Seventeen year old Patrick as strong as  Down ' s syndrome . Its stock funds from being involved with activities Marion high school. On the student council the chorus cross country ", "-- movies are made up. Seventeen year old Patrick as strong as Down's syndrome . Its stock funds from being involved with activities -- Marion high school. On the student council the chorus cross country and on ", "And that  Down ' s syndrome  baby. She discovered a  Down ' s syndrome . a lot of a baby with  Down syndrome . The moment to have been  Down syndrome  son. When child. I had  Down ' s syndrome  I I asked my ", "the wife and mother at home with -- husband Todd. And that Down's syndrome baby. She wasn't sure if she could handle. Above the controversies and challenges that Sarah Palin has faced. None have been more personal than the surprise pregnancy of her teenaged out of this still. And her own unexpected pregnancy. With a baby that she discovered a Down's syndrome . -- a lot of bricks left overtime. Today she and her husband Todd have five children twenty year old track -- -- ", "felt. When your wife told you that you don't to have been Down syndrome son. When she told me that our child. I had Down's syndrome I I asked my side just so why not us I've found is never one to. -- that you know what anybody ", "silent condones the language Matalin will with a national  down ' s syndrome  society. It's important to say again and again. This John. It's not too late to keep people like us who has  Down syndrome . Like sack so to her you would say thank you don't ", "silent are silent condones the language Matalin will -- with a national down's syndrome society. It's important to say again and again. This is wrong. This is not fair this is not how we treat other ", "babies are born with  Down syndrome  developmental disorder routine screening for  Down syndrome  could cut the number began. In the US  Down ' s syndrome  testing is common pregnancies affected by  Down syndrome  with this medical ", "thirty cases per year after the nationwide screenings began. In the US Down's syndrome testing is common in older mothers but some ethical experts question the morality of a mass screening program. They worry it would lead more parents to terminate pregnancies affected by Down syndrome with this medical minute I'm Aaron pitchers -- ABC news New York. ", "physical contact with them. How's my boy? Reporter: Complicating matters further, taylaa's youngest child eric has  down syndrome . Their longest time apart was more than two years. Kisses with mom? A computer will have to do. You have a special needs ", "How's my boy? Reporter: Complicating matters further, taylaa's youngest child eric has down syndrome . Their longest time apart was more than two years. Kisses with mom? A computer will have to do. You have a special ", "Kyle camp has been found alive after an intensive all night search and heavily wooded areas near his home. suffers from  Down ' s syndrome  and had apparently just wandered off he was found about a hundred yards from his home reportedly happy and He was with little ", "night search and heavily wooded areas near his home. -- suffers from Down's syndrome and had apparently just wandered off he was found about a hundred yards from his home reportedly happy and -- He was "]