['Dr. William Schaffner says the new Pertussis vaccine loses effectiveness over time.', 'United States alone measles smallpox  diphtheria  polio whooping cough. Have been diseases like polio smallpox and  diphtheria . No longer scare Americans there recent years the DTP vaccine for  diphtheria  tetanus and pertussis was changed ', 'out thousands of people here in the United States alone measles smallpox diphtheria polio whooping cough. Have been effectively eliminated as threats to us and our children. And a major reason for that is the ', "message vaccines say the experts are -- diseases like polio smallpox and diphtheria . No longer scare Americans there is no evidence has the medical establishment. They're causing any harm. But Welling up from the public ", 'by vaccines. The fact that in recent years the DTP vaccine for diphtheria tetanus and pertussis was changed because there were concerns it could lead to brain damage. The fact that the CDC has suspended ', "extra booster get the vaccine. Even if you already did happen. Well actually the pertussis vaccine combined with the  diphtheria  and tetanus vaccines. Wasn't available for people over the age of seven until 2005. So if you haven't gotten a ", "you already did happen. Well actually the pertussis vaccine combined with the diphtheria and tetanus vaccines. Wasn't available for people over the age of seven until 2005. So if you haven't gotten a tetanus vaccine. ", "compounds in the environment has increased. But also in the last forty years the diseases. That were measured tetanus and  diphtheria . Have diminished almost to the point of being disappeared. Gone in the United States and that's because of effect ", "in the last forty years the diseases. That were measured tetanus and diphtheria . Have diminished almost to the point of being disappeared. Gone in the United States and that's because of -- -- effect of ", "vaccine. Wears off after awhile and so there's actually a booster shot that has tetanus  diphtheria  and pertussis public That protects against tetanus  diphtheria  and whooping cough and You needed to get one booster between. Childhood and it sixty ", "awhile and so there's actually -- a booster shot that has tetanus diphtheria and pertussis public -- -- That protects against tetanus diphtheria and whooping cough and -- You needed to get one booster between. Childhood and it sixty. Is this not a recent recommendation ", "ones first. Is a booster. It's called the tetanus  diphtheria  and pertussis vaccine T death for shorten him. That's or have a cut. So that's the first the second is  diphtheria  which is a respiratory infection. That we don't even ", "are three important ones first. Is a booster. It's called the tetanus diphtheria and pertussis vaccine -- T death for shorten him. That's a combination of tetanus which we know causes luck -- -- and it is a serious bacterial infection you can typically get when you puncture yourself or -- have a cut. So that's the first the second is diphtheria which is a respiratory infection. That we don't even think about anymore because we're getting that booster -- -- regularly but it ", "at risk what about adults are they off. Adults can also be at risk and fortunately we now have a combined. Tetanus  diphtheria  and whooping cough vaccine. You know we should all get our tetanus shots every ten years. Well now it's a combined ", "also be at risk and fortunately we now have a combined. Tetanus diphtheria and whooping cough vaccine. You know we should all get our tetanus shots every ten years. Well now it's a combined vaccine ", "vaccination what diseases are we talking about here. We're talking about diseases like polio measles mumps rubella  diphtheria  tetanus. Pertussis they're actually fourteen diseases on the infants age six vaccine schedule and really want parents ", "talking about here. We're talking about diseases like polio measles mumps rubella diphtheria tetanus. Pertussis they're actually fourteen diseases on the infants age six vaccine schedule and -- really want parents to be sure. But ", 'reviewing the verdict is in autism is not caused by primary The special vaccine court could not have been more clear.  Diphtheria  vaccine related causation they ruled is scientifically and supportable. This is a case in which the evidence is so one ', '-- -- The special vaccine court could not have been more clear. Diphtheria vaccine related causation they ruled is scientifically and supportable. This is a case in which the evidence is so one sided. With ', 'reviewing the verdict is in autism is not caused by primary The special vaccine court could not have been more clear.  Diphtheria  vaccine related causation they ruled is scientifically This is a case in which the evidence is so one sided. With those ', '-- -- The special vaccine court could not have been more clear. Diphtheria vaccine related causation they ruled is scientifically -- -- This is a case in which the evidence is so one sided. With ', "disease from it that's really important to them vaccinated your children on time that pertussis vaccine the company's  diphtheria  and tetanus and series starts at two informants six months yet another dance between 1518 months. And then a final sports ", "vaccinated your children on time -- -- that pertussis vaccine the company's diphtheria and tetanus and series starts at two informants six months yet another dance between 1518 months. And then a final -- sports ", "number one. Everyone needs a combination of tetanus  diphtheria  and whooping cough or pertussis they need it once that's very annoying big problem. They needed to tetanus and  diphtheria  pro life every ten years. still occurs it's older ", "in as well so number one. Everyone needs a combination of tetanus diphtheria and whooping cough or pertussis they need it once that's no. Because pertussis or whooping cough is actually on the rise and they -- even epidemics in some states. And it's kind of a subtle thing you can cook chronically -- very annoying big problem. They needed to tetanus and diphtheria pro life every ten years. -- still occurs it's older women that aren't immunized we've got to make sure we get that ", "recommendation is that you get a combination tetanus  diphtheria  believe it or not. And whooping cough has an even get it's really important every ten years guest for tetanus  diphtheria  and lets them. Important necessary and then at once ", "maybe 1015 well the recommendation is that you get a combination tetanus diphtheria believe it or not. And whooping cough has an even get that anymore they do in fact is that an outbreak and in the south and Texas right now it's on the rise. You don't know that you have it as an adult because it's hard to diagnose but it can be constant chronic cough. Very annoying really important to get because it can be fatal in kids if an adult get swooping cough. And they are not protected they can pass it on to kids so it's really important every ten years guest for tetanus diphtheria and lets them. Important necessary and then at once the whooping cough to that combination so that's one single shot every ten ", "it sounds to me like. About the booster tetanus and  diphtheria  that the team booster. If this is the only one that new vaccine that we're using to boost tetanus and  diphtheria  also contains protection against whooping cough. Then ", "mostly it sounds to me like. About the booster -- tetanus and diphtheria that the team booster. If this is the only one that we sort of now question in terms of the every ten your schedule. It doesn't sound and -- like it would result if if it's confirmed by further studies. In a major change in house. Oh I think there won't be change in policy and -- let me add another -- The new vaccine that we're using to boost tetanus and diphtheria also contains protection against whooping cough. Then there as far as we can tell the protection lasts not quite ten years so. ", 'vaccines. Doctors at the hospital for sick children in Toronto studied 120 babies. Half received a combination vaccine for  diphtheria  tetanus whopping cough and a kind of meningitis. Before they receive the pneumonia vaccine the other half received the ', 'children in Toronto studied 120 babies. Half received a combination vaccine for diphtheria tetanus whopping cough and a kind of meningitis. Before they receive the pneumonia vaccine the other half received the pneumonia shot first. ', "Stanley some and that it's important to know about. it's also important vaccination schedule especially your tetanus  diphtheria  they get cut they go to an emergency room if you have that deep down on this card. They're gonna give them that unnecessary ", "to know about. -- it's also important vaccination schedule especially your tetanus diphtheria -- they get cut they go to an emergency room if you have that deep down on this card. They're gonna give ", "through to the next. Thanksgiving home visit. And then make sure that you know what allergies vaccines especially. The  diphtheria  tetanus etc. that's all really critical to put down an emergency contact information haven't tuck it into their ", "And then make sure that you know what allergies vaccines especially. The diphtheria tetanus etc. that's all really critical to put down an emergency contact information haven't tuck it into their wallet. And have a ", "say I'm not this thing and this is represents. Not a definite but it very determined effort to see if we can prevent  diphtheria  from coming upon us this. Bring the current president back on my house. been Murrah testing ground for Detroit distances ", 'definite but it very determined effort to see if we can prevent diphtheria from coming upon us this. Bring the current president back on my house. -- been Murrah testing ground for Detroit distances. Getting ', "the teens may need to catch up with that when you're absolutely correct. We've also discovered that tetanus and  diphtheria  and whooping cough needs to be boosted and the vaccination. Scheduled for teen. Makes me want to check indicate immunization ", "with that when you're absolutely correct. We've also discovered that tetanus and diphtheria and whooping cough needs to be boosted and the vaccination. Scheduled for teen. Makes me want to check -- indicate immunization records ", "or whooping cough. Which is a very difficult problem for many adults it's given along with the booster for tetanus  diphtheria  now if you want to find out. About all the other adult vaccines go to the CDC web site. And click on vaccines and find ", "problem for many adults it's given along with the booster for tetanus diphtheria now if you want to find out. About all the other adult vaccines -- go to the CDC web site. And click "]