['The  Toronto International Film Festival  has unveiled most of its high-profile lineup, including the upcoming adaptation of Tracy Letts\' "August: Osage County" and ', 'works for mobsters from the future, who send their victims back in time for him to kill. Opening the  Toronto International Film Festival  earlier this month, the film already has garnered good reviews from the film critics who have seen it ', 'On\' Director Paul Thomas Anderson has downplayed "The Master\'s" connection to Scientology. At the  Toronto International Film Festival , he reportedly rolled his eyes when asked about the parallels between his latest movie, which came out ', 'Paul Thomas Anderson has downplayed "The Master\'s" connection to Scientology . At the  Toronto International Film Festival , he reportedly rolled his eyes when asked about the parallels between his latest movie, which comes ', 'press conference last week. "They need to give Obama four more years, man," he told reporters at the  Toronto International Film Festival , as the Huffington Post reported. "I mean, Bush f***ed up for eight years, so you gotta at least ', "aromatherapy candles in her dressing room. But one celebrity guest of a Toronto hotel, in town for the  Toronto International Film Festival , seems less concerned with aromatherapy and more with getting a good night's sleep. A very good night's ", 'seen. So it was amazing to me to look at this, to see this stuff." The documentary screens at the  Toronto International Film Festival  in September, and airs on ABC close to Thanksgiving. ABC News radio contributed to this report.', 'paroxysm" or, in other words, a doctor-delivered orgasm. The movie " Hysteria ," which has the  Toronto International Film Festival  all abuzz, chronicles the lives of two Victorian era doctors charged with treating a town of hysterical ', 'million American overnight visitors this year, down from a peak of 2.5 million in 2000. But with the  Toronto International Film Festival , which starts Thursday and runs till Sept. 19, headlining a robust lineup of cultural events and the ', 'million American overnight visitors this year, down from a peak of 2.5 million in 2000. But with the  Toronto International Film Festival , which starts Thursday and runs till Sept. 19, headlining a robust lineup of cultural events and the ', "star of the independent film slum dog millionaire which last week won the people's choice award at the  Toronto international film festival . The former model was born in Mumbai India where most of the movie takes place this is those first major ", "dog millionaire which last week won the people's choice award at the Toronto international film festival . The former model was born in Mumbai India where most of the movie takes place this is -- those first major film ", "star of the independent film slum dog millionaire which last week won the people's choice award at the  Toronto international film festival . The former model was born in Mumbai India where most of the movie takes place this is those first major ", "dog millionaire which last week won the people's choice award at the Toronto international film festival . The former model was born in Mumbai India where most of the movie takes place this is -- those first major film ", "matters now father Edward in New York. I recently watched a very disturbing documentary it premiered at the  Toronto international film festival  this year it'll be on showtime television. It's about the sex trafficking and prostitution of young ", "York. I recently watched a very disturbing documentary it premiered at the Toronto international film festival this year it'll be on showtime television. It's about the sex trafficking and prostitution of young girls right here in our country. "]