['Braff\'s J.D. Flynn, 52, left "Scrubs" after the premiere of the final season to star as father Mike Heck opposite  Patricia Heaton  in the ABC sitcom "The Middle." Ken Jenkins Actor Ken Jenkins starred as chief of medicine Dr. Bob Kelso on ', 'teenage boy in desperate need of a heart and the dramatic Christmas miracle that saves his life. "The Middle" star  Patricia Heaton  produced the script written by her brother newspaper columnist Michael Heaton, and Teri Polo stars as the boy\'s ', "BACHMANN: Well, they'd have to be a mom. Probably  Patricia Heaton . She was on-- Everybody Loves Raymond? RON CLAIBORNE BACHMANN: Yeah, the mom on Everybody Loves Raymond,  Patricia Heaton . I like her. I think she's great. RON CLAIBORNE ", 'Everybody Loves Raymond\' -- and I had two more just to ensure that I didn\'t lose touch with the character,"  Patricia Heaton , who played Barone\'s wife, Debra, said jokingly. When Russia decided to do its own version of "Everybody Loves ', 'Patricia Heaton , who stars in "The Middle," stopped by "GMA" this morning to talk about the new comedy. The show premieres Wed., Sept. 30 on ABC. CLICK HERE for more information.', 'race for the White House, but Monday on the campaign trail, McCain traveled with his own set of stars. Actress  Patricia Heaton  introduced McCain at a fundraiser in Sacramento, a few hours after he received the endorsement of Latin Grammy winner ', 'one of our favorite TV moms two time Emmy award winning actress  Patricia Heaton  is here to talk about her hit ABC sitcom the medal. On the show back and the middle airs tonight. 8 tonight central attack on ABC  Patricia Heaton  one.', 'one of our favorite TV moms two time Emmy award winning actress Patricia Heaton is here to talk about her hit ABC sitcom the medal. On the show she plays an overworked mother of three -- ', 'back and the middle airs tonight. 8 tonight central attack on ABC Patricia Heaton one. ', 'Now and two time Emmy award winning actress  Patricia Heaton  is actually doing motherhood hit the continent and at all Michelle picked off its third season went. Some of its best ratings ', 'Now and two time Emmy award winning actress Patricia Heaton is actually doing motherhood -- -- hit the continent and at all Michelle picked off its third season went. Some of its ', "and that middle that third season premieres Wednesday night on ABC and we're thrilled to be joined right now. By  Patricia Heaton . Anderson thanks so much I was a huge fan of yours on Everybody Loves I've been a huge fan of the middle so excited ", "night on ABC and we're thrilled to be joined right now. By Patricia Heaton . Anderson thanks so much I was a huge fan of yours on Everybody Loves -- I've been a huge fan of the ", "little ones. This season premiere I a week from today and here to talk about it is the star. Emmy award winning  Patricia Heaton . double pay around you know morning mix and now here NFL that's one else could see here. Very excited about the ", "and here to talk about it is the star. Emmy award winning Patricia Heaton . -- double pay -- around you know morning mix and now here -- -- -- NFL that's one else could see here. ", "it would create and it's the same kind of discussion in a way. That we will have a about Rush Limbaugh and about  Patricia Heaton  Rush Limbaugh but haven't a And that is that that if you have an unpopular opinion. And you express it because ", "a way. That we will have a about Rush Limbaugh and about Patricia Heaton Rush Limbaugh but -- haven't -- a -- And that is that that if you have an unpopular opinion. And you express ", 'last night and Sarah Pailin and another big and outrageous for Lady Gaga. Turning at the next table this morning  Patricia Heaton  star of the middle on ABC also around. Cokie Roberts and I wanna start with is straight and the Mexican sports reporter ', 'outrageous -- for Lady Gaga. Turning at the next table this morning Patricia Heaton star of the middle on ABC also around. Cokie Roberts and I wanna start with -- -- is straight and -- the ', 'magazines have made us out of spotting or at least speculating about who done what to themselves. From Teri Hatcher and  Patricia Heaton  to Melanie Griffith and Denise Richards. Some of actually come out to defend themselves against reports of surgery ', "speculating about who -- done what to themselves. From Teri Hatcher and Patricia Heaton to Melanie Griffith and Denise Richards. Some of actually come out to defend themselves against reports of surgery. It's no wonder -- "]