['The prolific actor discusses new movie, his teen years and ranks favorite films of his career.', "Indy movie star  Parker Posey  headlines the movie trans Atlantic romantic comedy. You may recognize joined by telecast later in the show but first it's all about  Parker Posey  and so excited to have you with us and that's where many congratulations ", "Indy movie star Parker Posey headlines the movie trans Atlantic romantic comedy. You may recognize her from cult classics day trippers dazed and confused and as one of Christopher -- Maine go to character actors. Our hot and be joined by -- telecast -- -- -- later in the show but first it's all about Parker Posey and -- -- so excited to have you with us and that's where many congratulations. -- only part of the list of ", "actresses who have starred in films like indecent proposal ghost and waiting for Gottesman. This time Demi Moore and  Parker Posey  are getting major buzz for their latest role sisters. In the critically acclaimed new film it's called happy tears ", "indecent proposal ghost and waiting for Gottesman. This time Demi Moore and Parker Posey are getting major buzz for their latest role -- sisters. In the critically acclaimed new film it's called happy tears Demi and ", "It is all we have to do but for twenty seconds it's already pre cooked. One of my favorite movies of all time with  Parker Posey  and party girl. On the you know being alienated New York library in his on every day provides you would go out and ", 'already pre cooked. One of my favorite movies of all time with Parker Posey and party girl. On the you know being alienated New York library in his -- on every day provides you would go ', 'books there sex related and obviously he was doing his research. Celebrity sightings here include on every Heath Ledger  Parker Posey  and Jude law and I stood up and then. Right where you are standing was Jude Law at least something that. You might ', 'doing his research. Celebrity sightings here include -- on every Heath Ledger Parker Posey and Jude law and I stood up and then. Right where you are standing was Jude Law at least something that. You ']