['gossip pages have detailed his dating of a multitude of fellow C-list celebs, the most notable of which are actresses  Patsy Kensit  and Elizabeth Jagger, the model-actress daughter of Rolling Stones lead singer Mick Jagger. Currently trying to ', "the statement said. The baby is Appleton's first child; Gallagher already has a son, Lennon, with ex-wife  Patsy Kensit . Appleton was previously engaged to Gallagher's arch rival, singer Robbie Williams. Her sister Natalie, also of ", "the statement said. The baby is Appleton's first child; Gallagher already has a son, Lennon, with ex-wife  Patsy Kensit . Appleton was previously engaged to Gallagher's arch rival, singer Robbie Williams. Her sister Natalie, also of ", "the statement said. The baby is Appleton's first child; Gallagher already has a son, Lennon, with ex-wife  Patsy Kensit . Appleton was previously engaged to Gallagher's arch rival, singer Robbie Williams. Her sister Natalie, also of ", "the statement said. The baby is Appleton's first child; Gallagher already has a son, Lennon, with ex-wife  Patsy Kensit . Appleton was previously engaged to Gallagher's arch rival, singer Robbie Williams. Her sister Natalie, also of ", "Budding Musical Families The baby is Appleton's first child; Gallagher already has a son, Lennon, with ex-wife  Patsy Kensit . Appleton was previously engaged to Gallagher's archrival, singer Robbie Williams. Her sister Natalie, also of ", "the statement said. The baby is Appleton's first child; Gallagher already has a son, Lennon, with ex-wife  Patsy Kensit . Appleton was previously engaged to Gallagher's arch rival, singer Robbie Williams. Her sister Natalie, also of ", "successfully went into business as a party planner. The guitarist's brother, Liam Gallagher, also split with his wife,  Patsy Kensit , last year, divorcing in September. He is now dating Nicole Appleton, a member of pop quartet All Saints, who is ", "successfully went into business as a party planner. The guitarist's brother, Liam Gallagher, also split with his wife,  Patsy Kensit , last year, divorcing in September. He is now dating Nicole Appleton, a member of pop quartet All Saints, who is ", "successfully went into business as a party planner. The guitarist's brother, Liam Gallagher, also split with his wife,  Patsy Kensit , last year, divorcing in September. He is now dating Nicole Appleton, a member of pop quartet All Saints, who is ", "successfully went into business as a party planner. The guitarist's brother, Liam Gallagher, also split with his wife,  Patsy Kensit , last year, divorcing in September. He is now dating Nicole Appleton, a member of pop quartet All Saints, who is ", "successfully went into business as a party planner. The guitarist's brother, Liam Gallagher, also split with his wife,  Patsy Kensit , last year, divorcing in September. He is now dating Nicole Appleton, a member of pop quartet All Saints, who is ", "successfully went into business as a party planner. The guitarist's brother, Liam Gallagher, also split with his wife,  Patsy Kensit , last year, divorcing in September. He is now dating Nicole Appleton, a member of pop quartet All Saints, who is "]