["Michael Jackson's daughter apparently cut her arm with kitchen knife, according to dispatch call.", "mind. She is  Michael Jackson 's only daughter must be for  Paris Jackson  when her father depression.  Paris Jackson  has had to endure to blame for  Michael Jackson 's premature of dollars.  Paris Jackson  was deposed ", "almost. Get the ticket. New -- This is not mind. She is Michael Jackson's only daughter and early this morning in a scene eerily reminiscent of her father's final hours she was rushed to the hospital it was an apparent suicide attempt. Being a teenager is difficult under any circumstances -- imagine how tough it must be for Paris Jackson when her father was alive. She -- in a protective bubble since then she's been thrust into an often harsh spotlight dealing ", "kid. Tension. Etched. Then days later. -- you -- familiar 911 call. Paris Jackson rushed to the hospital by ambulance at 2 AM from the Jackson family compound. -- that he that the -- when he -- training -- her arm of the kitchen knives. This was a serious suicide attempt this was not he cried for help. What's -- we know is that there have been other. Attempts at suicide she's troubled young girl what seems to be metro. -- -- there's the obvious what there's a lot of trouble swimming -- All of them it seems stemming pretty directly from the loss of her father. Michael Jackson famously protected his kids trying to shield them from the glare of the spotlight that had robbed him of his childhood. I can take a walk in the park can go to the store -- the high in the room and -- -- -- in prison. The fourth anniversary of MJ's death is now just a few weeks away. -- saying. It's it's it's. His funeral. Marking the first time Paris Jackson ever spoken public. Other if you ever imagine. I think for all Michael Jackson was and wasn't what we do know -- -- good father. He cared deeply. He cared deeply about his kids a heart ", "solutions and huge success he -- any income disparities. In the family. Paris Jackson has managed to grow into a poised young actress who seems to have inherited her father's -- -- dance moves with Ellen ", "fifteen year old daughter  Paris Jackson  of the late  Michael Jackson  rushed to the hospital Wednesday Just tweeting stayed strong  Paris Jackson  Russell Simmons. Saying very sad to hear about  Paris Jackson 's. Keep you in your prayers ", "-- We've been telling you in the news fifteen year old daughter Paris Jackson of the late Michael Jackson rushed to the hospital Wednesday. Apparent suicide attempt sad story have cut itself with a knife allegedly she took some Motrin pills. Anyway celebrities now sort of -- weighing in with -- support for her tweets coming in from just a few of the celebrities a bunch we'll give you a few. Just -- -- tweeting stayed strong Paris Jackson Russell Simmons. Saying very sad to hear about Paris Jackson's . Keep you in your prayers Carmen Electra love and support. Going out of Paris Jackson a lot of celebrities -- in just a very sad story she's she's been dealing with depression is recovering in the hospital ", "She is  Michael Jackson 's only daughter it must be for  Paris Jackson  when her father productive lives  Paris Jackson  included. The to blame for  Michael Jackson 's premature of dollars.  Paris Jackson  was deposed in ", "She is Michael Jackson's only daughter and early this morning in a -- -- eerily reminiscent of her father's final hours she was rushed to the hospital he was an apparent suicide attempt. Being a teenager is difficult under any circumstances -- imagine how tough it must be for Paris Jackson when her father was alive. She lives in a protective bubble since then she's been thrust into an often harsh spotlight dealing ", '-- -- Then days later and -- you really familiar 911 call. Paris Jackson rushed to the hospital by ambulance at 2 AM from the Jackson family compound. Give up that -- -- 820 -- -- ', "them it seems stemming pretty directly from the loss of her father. Michael Jackson famously protected his kids trying to shield them from the glare of the spotlight that had robbed him of his childhood. I can take a walk in the park can go to the store can I have to high in the room and feel like -- in prison. The fourth anniversary of MJ's death is now just a few weeks away. Song -- It's it's it's. His funeral. Marking the first time Paris Jackson ever spoke in public. Other if you ever imagine. I think for all Michael Jackson was good -- What we do know he -- -- good father he cared deeply. He cared deeply about his kids a ", "The only daughter of  michael jackson  rushed to the hospital morning, robin.  Paris jackson  is said to be physically family home. This time  michael jackson 's 15-year-old knife. Reporter:  Paris jackson  rushed to the hospital ", "The only daughter of michael jackson rushed to the hospital yesterday after downing painkillers and cutting herself with a kitchen knife on her abc's david wright is in los angeles with the latest. Good morning, david. Reporter: Good morning, robin. Paris jackson is said to be physically fine after that apparent suicide attempt and I'm getting the appropriate medical attention and her family is asking for the one thing that it's been toughest to give her since the day she was born, privacy. Overdose. Reporter: It came 1:30 a.M. Wednesday. A medical emergency at the jackson family home. This time michael jackson's 15-year-old daughter. 15, OD'd ON 20 MOTRIN AND CUT Her arm with a kitchen knife. Reporter: Paris jackson rushed to the hospital by ambulance after apparently taking 20 motrin, cutting her arm and calling a suicide hot line. The person ", "the daughter of  michael jackson . 15-year-old  paris jackson  was rushed to 15-year-old  paris jackson  was being rushed clearly haunted  paris jackson  as she blossomed lawsuit against  michael jackson 's former concert ", "Now a mysterious turn tonight for the daughter of michael jackson . 15-year-old paris jackson was rushed to the hospital early this morning. The family released a statement, suggesting that life has been difficult for her, and abc's david wright has that story. Hello face that rearl ever is seen in public without makeup. Reporter: Just 24 hours after this video was posted offering makeup and skin care tips to her fans. 15-year-old paris jackson was being rushed to the hospital by ambulance. 16 overdose, sheriff responding. Reporter: An apparent suicide attempt. This was a serious suicide ", "I love him. So much. Reporter: That heart break has clearly haunted paris jackson as she blossomed into daumthood. Currently she and her grandmother are plaintiffs in a wrongful death lawsuit against michael jackson's former concert promoter, the case potentially worth hundreds of millions of dollars. Over the past few days, she has been tweeting out song lyrics, including this, yesterday all my troubles seemed so far away. Now it looks as though they're here to stay. A beatles tune that she owns the rights to as part of michael jackson's estates. Quote, being a sensitive 15-year-old girl is difficult no matter who you are. It is especially difficult when you lose the ", "Michael Jackson 's only daughter Paris is recovering in a Los Angeles hospital following two siblings. Here's ABC's Taina Hernandez. Just days after  Paris Jackson  reportedly attempted to take her own life and a judge is ordering ", "Michael Jackson's only daughter Paris is recovering in a Los Angeles hospital following an apparent suicide attempt. Her extended family there by her side but in a new twist a judge has now ordered an inquiry to find out whether the Jackson family in particular that 83 year old Stanley matriarch and legal guardian Katherine Jackson. It's providing the proper -- care for parents and her two siblings. Here's ABC's Taina Hernandez. Just days after Paris Jackson reportedly attempted to take her own life and a judge is ordering an inquiry into her well being to find out what ", "Reporter: When her father was alive,  paris jackson  lived in a protective bubble peering out at the world and we'd have a normal childhood. Reporter: When  michael jackson  died all the things he tried to protect his daughter ", "Reporter: When her father was alive, paris jackson lived in a protective bubble peering out at the world from behind a mask as she discussed recently with oprah winfrey. I didn't get why I was wearing a mask but I understand it now why my dad would want our face to be covered like when we went out without him we wouldn't be recognized and we'd have a normal childhood. Reporter: When michael jackson died all the things he tried to protect his daughter from came rushing at her like a tsunami starting at his funeral. ", "had a life kept very private.  Paris jackson  said her father wanted the one mask over her face to this.  Paris jackson  is 15 and growing up rig before desire for profits ahead of  michael jackson 's health. This is a tough ", "I recall who, until now, has had a life kept very private. Paris jackson said her father wanted the one thing he nef d, a normal childhood. From the little girl who never left the house without a mask over her face to this. Paris jackson is 15 and growing up rig before our eyes. This morning, she's out there for the world to see. On the cover ", "Reporter: The late king of pop's daughter  paris jackson  isn't alone. She's been spotted spending time issues and really wanted a mother figure . Reporter:  Michael jackson 's daughter is now 15. Paris and her brother prince ", "Reporter: The late king of pop's daughter paris jackson isn't alone. She's been spotted spending time with a rather unlikely individual, her birth mom. Debbie rowe. Our sorts tell us tha as a teenager is going through some teenage issues and really wanted a mother figure . Reporter: Michael jackson's daughter is now 15. Paris and her brother prince along with blanket from a different mother have been watched over by their ", 'turn to the latest on  paris jackson  recovering right now giving her father,  michael jackson , the drug that killed Take a listen. With  paris jackson  recovering in a los dose of propofol to  michael jackson  four years ago. Tmz ', "We'll turn to the latest on paris jackson recovering right now. Her family visiting her in the hospital and the doctor in jail for giving her father, michael jackson , the drug that killed him reached out to paris in a bizarre voice mail message and abc's cecilia vega has all of that from los angeles this morning. Good morning to you, cecilia. Reporter: Josh, good morning. Boy, you're so right. Bizarre is the word. He called from a jail pay phone, his voice mail, it goes on and on and has this morning a lot scratching their heads. Take a listen. With paris jackson recovering in a los angeles hospital, the doctor convicted of killing her father is reaching out from behind bars. Paris, I too ", "We back at 743 and out to  Michael Jackson 's teenage daughter Paris she this is the moment they did find  Paris Jackson . Other you can ever imagine tickets on her name alone. Since  Michael Jackson 's death parents has taken on ", "adult books. There's so many this is the moment they did find Paris Jackson . -- -- -- Other you can ever imagine. The once this guy's daughter of the King of Pop on stage and so ", "There is  Paris Jackson  revealing more about her father's death  Michael Jackson 's daughter is remarkably inches we first met  Paris Jackson  that eleven year old the French. And while  Michael Jackson  was often criticized ", "There is Paris Jackson revealing more about life of their famous fathers she opened up to Oprah Winfrey. About being raised by the King of Pop the good and the bad including being the victim. It's an attempt at bullying and -- she -- coping nearly three years after his death in she's -- affairs has more on a unique childhood and what's next for Paris. Nearly three -- since her father's death Michael Jackson's daughter is remarkably grow clean up. Figuratively. Singles and -- -- and literally you. Probably three inches we first met Paris Jackson that eleven year old girl shown such policing effort tragically losing her -- -- I'm last night Oprah's next chapter the now ", "her last as anyone's is already being called a star. It's. Boarding a Fedora and a purple streak in her hair.  Paris Jackson  opened up in her first solo interview on the Ellen show with poise and charm beyond her thirteen years. Going to be ", "star. It's. Boarding a Fedora and a purple streak in her hair. Paris Jackson opened up in her first solo interview on the Ellen -- show with poise and charm beyond her thirteen years. Going to ", "Michael Jackson 's daughter who's getting ready to start a movie that's right thirteen year old Jackson has landed her first brawl and a feature ", "Michael Jackson's daughter who's getting ready to start a movie that's right thirteen year old -- Jackson has landed her first brawl and a ", "Michael Jackson 's daughter Paris is opening up to Ellen DeGeneres. In an interview that airs Thursday Jackson says that. She and her Brothers ", "Michael Jackson's daughter Paris is opening up to Ellen DeGeneres. In an interview that airs Thursday -- Jackson says that. She and her Brothers ", "Katherine Jackson's Lawyer Cites Family 'Ambush,' Paris Jackson  Continues Tweets", "overman and katherine jackson selling m.J. Merchandise.  Michael jackson 's estate is now worth $1 billion and counting. More which we just obtained which appears to show janet jackson,  paris jackson , as well as jermaine and randy in the driveway of the jackson ", "howardman face off in court overman and katherine jackson selling m.J. Merchandise. Michael jackson's estate is now worth $1 billion and counting. More money rolls in, more temperatures rise, and it looks like those left behind just came to blows. And back to that video which we just obtained which appears to show janet jackson, paris jackson , as well as jermaine and randy in the driveway of the jackson family home. Katherine jackson's lawyer claims one of the people ", "for so many years  Michael Jackson 's daughter Paris man in the world.  Michael Jackson  fiercely protected earlier this year  Paris Jackson  told Robin Roberts things many did not  Paris Jackson  is now promoting her ", "who was the source of mystery and speculation for so many years Michael Jackson's daughter Paris. We saw her as a little girl wearing that peculiar mask she's now thirteen. And ready to talk about life behind the walls where her father shut out the crowds. Here's ABC's David Wright. She's the freshest face in Hollywood even though her dad was once the most famous man in the world. Michael Jackson fiercely protected the privacy of his children. Do you remember wearing masks going this is what kind of weird yeah my stupid -- -- that right. They add. -- I can't really sold -- -- like the only try to protect us. It wasn't until his memorial service that we finally heard her speak. That was two years ago earlier this year Paris Jackson told Robin Roberts she's ready for her -- showbiz career you want to be an actress. Yet. And think yeah I auditioning ", "you got away with all kinds of things many did not -- Paris Jackson is now promoting her first film movie version of -- favorite children's. Half the proceeds will be donated to public schools the ", "drama swirling around his death. It's three years since  michael jackson  died. Late saturday night, his mum, katherine, who is a previous close family apart. Absolutely. Reporter:  Michael jackson  wanted his kids to grow up free from the prying of the media ", "say there was drama swirling around his death. It's three years since michael jackson died. Late saturday night, his mum, katherine, who is raising his kids, was reported missing. Sunday morning, paris tweeted -- my grandmother ", 'work out this estate pulled a previous close family apart. Absolutely. Reporter: Michael jackson wanted his kids to grow up free from the prying of the media. That wish is not coming true. And last night, ', 'coming for  Paris Jackson  stepping for her first solo interview with Ellen DeGeneres as secluded life they with their father. In the documentary living with  Michael Jackson  the pop about the impossibility. Of normal lives for his children ', '-- -- coming -- -- for Paris Jackson stepping -- for her first solo interview with Ellen DeGeneres as she begins her movie career. It is clear that the thirteen ']