['Chuck Cooper Neil Patrick Harris, Meagn Hilty, Cheyenne Jackson, James Earl Jones, Tony Kushner, Angela Lansbury,  Patti LuPone , Audra McDonald, Hattienne Park, Mandy Patinkin, Patrick Wilson and Jeffrey Wright. Tickets for that event opened at $250 ', 'Chuck Cooper Neil Patrick Harris, Meagn Hilty, Cheyenne Jackson, James Earl Jones, Tony Kushner, Angela Lansbury,  Patti LuPone , Audra McDonald, Hattienne Park, Mandy Patinkin, Patrick Wilson and Jeffrey Wright, officials said. The proceeds from ', 'acrobats at a discount as she\'s promised her husband? Memoir/Biography " Patti Lupone : A Memoir," by  Patti LuPone  with Digby Diehl The legendary  Patti LuPone  is one of the theater\'s most beloved leading ladies. Now she lays it all bare ', 'school and featuring stars chosen during the recent NBC television reality series. Brooks Atkinson. Ticketmaster. Gypsy.  Patti LuPone  stars as the mother of stripper Gypsy Rose Lee in a revival of one of the greatest of all Broadway musicals. St. James ', "She was singled out, told to strip off her shirt in public and obtrusively patted down at airport security. But actress  Patti LuPone  is not complaining about the search, she's just asking for better communication. It happened at Fort Lauderdale International ", 'and story going on. Thanks to taylor hackford, it really got elevated. We loved working with him, as well. Two words.  Patti lupone . She was amazing. Also amazing, great cover on "people" magazine. Everybody\'s talking about the first lady\'s bangs ', 'really got elevated. We loved working with him, as well. Two words. Patti lupone . She was amazing. Also amazing, great cover on "people" magazine. Everybody\'s talking about the first lady\'s bangs. I just want to go ', 'but you started in TV is that right. I sent him Broadway stardom wrong way wow how at what age. I was eleven and I did  Patti LuPone  Gypsy announced it brings Fantastic. And but now you are also currently on blue blood and detachment France and lasting ', 'way wow how at what age. I was eleven and I did Patti LuPone Gypsy announced it brings -- -- Fantastic. And -- but now you are also currently on blue blood -- and -- detachment ']