["FBN's Rich Edson reports on Rep.  Barney Frank's  work to overhaul the Hope For Homeowners program.", 'Rep .  Barney Frank , (D-Mass.), on why he feels the mortgage backers will not be necessary in the near future.', "FBN's Rich Edson sits down with  Rep .  Barney Frank  to discuss the reasons for the congressional hearing on the SEC's FOIA exemption.", "FBN's Rich Edson sits down with  Rep .  Barney Frank  to discuss the input of the SEC's FOIA exemption into the financial regulation law.", 'Rep .  Barney Frank , (D-MA), on holding a hearing on provision in Financial Regulation law.', 'Rep .  Barney Frank , (D-MA), on where he stands on the provision in Financial Regulation law.', 'Rep .  Barney Frank  returns to No Spin Zone to debate Gitmo prisoner abuse pictures', 'Rep .  Barney Frank , (D) Massachusetts, discusses Democratic Party unity at the DNC.', "Bill O'Reilly and  Rep .  Barney Frank  slug it out over who's to blame for financial crisis", "A top official at Standard & Poor's pushed back Saturday against the Obama administration's criticism that their decision to downgrade the nation's credit rating was...", "JPMorgan CEO says firm made 'terrible' mistake on $2B loss, lawmakers tout regulations", 'The Republican-led House on Thursday passed legislation that would freeze major government regulations until the unemployment rate, now at 8.2 percent, drops to 6 pe...', 'WASHINGTON -- A key House Democrat is pushing to get the second half of the $700 billion rescue fund released next month, before President-elect Barack Obama is inau...', 'President-elect Barack Obama would devote $40 billion to $100 billion from the financial sector bailout fund to reduce foreclosures, a top Democrat said Wednesday.Ho...', 'Northern Trust Pledges to Quickly Repay Bailout Money, Following Criticism Over Parties', 'Northern Trust bank plans to repay $1.6 billion in federal bailout money as quickly as possible, after fielding criticism for throwing a lavish bash for employees an...', 'Democratic Congressman Barney Frank defended the largest U.S. bank on Monday, saying in a statement that the government was wrong to go after JPMorgan Chase & Co for...']