['Fellow Olympic skater Johnny Weir and checks feud continues. After had these words to say about on  the Wendy Williams show  after He was not invited to participate in stars on ice. A lot of us in the skating world were really disappointed ', 'feud continues. After -- had these words to say about -- on the Wendy Williams show after He was not invited to participate in stars on ice. A lot of us in the skating world were really disappointed ', 'Well  the Wendy Williams show  it looked more like hey Jerry Springer episode when TB villain on the Rosa stepped onto the set yesterday the former apprentice ', 'Well the Wendy Williams show it looked more like hey Jerry Springer episode when TB villain on the Rosa stepped onto the set yesterday the former apprentice ', "Lastly show us dollars smoky. And while they didn't YouTube video making fun of Put you. Went on  the Wendy Williams show  the other day to make amends about what happened was that you had set a couple of things about snuck Bush said ", '-- -- YouTube video making fun of -- Put you. Went on the Wendy Williams show the other day to make amends -- about what happened was that you had set a couple of things about snuck -- ', 'Talk-show host bashes singer, saying she "sounds like she has a fifth-grade education."', 'Talk show host and partner Tony Dovolani were the second couple to be sent home.', 'finalists. Here to give us a wrap-up of last night,  wendy williams . How about emmitt smith last night in top of the leaderboard little stiff dancing. Look who is talking. But I am.  Wendy williams , big predictions. We want to hear from you. Go to goodmorningamerica ', 'winners and finalists. Here to give us a wrap-up of last night, wendy williams . How about emmitt smith last night in top of the leaderboard. He was born to dance. I liked his costume. He just ', 'was a little stiff dancing. Look who is talking. But I am. Wendy williams , big predictions. We want to hear from you. Go to goodmorningamerica.Com and tell us who younk is leaving ', "or real it doesn't seem to matter so long as long and luscious. And even some of the biggest stars are now on board.  Wendy Williams . If you may very weeding out. This sign of the times. Well Natalie grant full long and please honey bop. Wendi Williams ", 'even some of the biggest stars are now on board. -- -- Wendy Williams . If you may very weeding out. This -- sign of the times. Well -- Natalie grant -- full long and please honey ', "look right now. They're saying you. Yes yeah. The challenge. On ballots not everyone is so confident talk show host  Wendy Williams  joked about her dancing ability. Or lack I can move the problem. The waste That people but that's an I can I got two ", "On -- ballots -- not everyone is so confident talk show host Wendy Williams joked about her dancing ability. Or lack -- I can move the problem. The waste -- That people but that's an -- ", "were even reports that she might be quitting the show in order to help the really it doesn't seem to be as in the what I  Wendy Williams  has her training we when you life and that police the regular columnist for us. And she tells us that she has been rehearsing ", "doesn't seem to be -- as in the -- -- what I Wendy Williams has her training -- we -- when -- you life and that -- police the regular columnist for us. And she tells ", 'know my and we dot have a nice day. I do. If anyone was chosen who is getting more press and she is she gets passed she  Wendy Williams  Wendi Williams is of the alleged Wendi Williams talked about how Jill Marion is mad at me. but please what is your beef ', 'is getting more press and she is she gets passed she -- Wendy Williams -- Wendi Williams is of the alleged Wendi Williams talked about how Jill -- -- Marion is mad at me. -- but ']