['Stoker 1897 Dorothy Day 1900 Margaret Mitchell 1929 Bobby Bowden 1949 Bonnie Raitt 1950 Mary Hart 1966 Gordon Ramsay 1968  Parker Posey  1975 Tara Reid 1985 Jack Osbourne 1994 Lauren Alaina Jump back to Nov. 7: Day in History . View more videos from This ', '1966 and later, as Dr. Jim Frazier on "The Guiding Light." Other "World" alumns include independent film queen  Parker Posey  and "Desperate Housewives" star Dana Delaney. Kevin Bacon Before he got footloose, actor Kevin Bacon played the ', "TheFrisky.com . Name: Marilyn Manson Claim To Fame: Controversial music maker Hotties Who've Been Spotted On His Arm:  Parker Posey , Traci Lords, Jenna Jameson, Rose McGowan, Dita Von Tesse, Evan Rachel Wood (above), Isani Griffith, Stoya His ", 'and "A Mighty Wind," has rounded up much of the same ensemble -- including Catherine O\'Hara, Eugene Levy,  Parker Posey , Harry Shearer and Michael McKean -- for another romp. This one turns to actors caught up in the frenzy after their ', 'Theron, who recently split from longtime beau Stephan Jenkins, of Third Eye Blind, and Townsend, who used to date  Parker Posey , were spotted at a Bob Dylan concert in Kilkenny, Ireland. The 28-year-old Irishman missed out on movie franchisedom ', 'Theron, who recently split from longtime beau Stephan Jenkins, of Third Eye Blind, and Townsend, who used to date  Parker Posey , were spotted at a Bob Dylan concert in Kilkenny, Ireland. The 28-year-old Irishman missed out on movie franchisedom ', 'Theron, who recently split from longtime beau Stephan Jenkins, of Third Eye Blind, and Townsend, who used to date  Parker Posey , were spotted at a Bob Dylan concert in Kilkenny, Ireland. The 28-year-old Irishman missed out on movie franchisedom ', 'Theron, who recently split from longtime beau Stephan Jenkins, of Third Eye Blind, and Townsend, who used to date  Parker Posey , were spotted at a Bob Dylan concert in Kilkenny, Ireland. The 28-year-old Irishman missed out on movie franchisedom ', 'Theron, who recently split from longtime beau Stephan Jenkins, of Third Eye Blind, and Townsend, who used to date  Parker Posey , were spotted at a Bob Dylan concert in Kilkenny, Ireland. The 28-year-old Irishman missed out on movie franchisedom ', 'Theron, who recently split from longtime beau Stephan Jenkins, of Third Eye Blind, and Townsend, who used to date  Parker Posey , were spotted at a Bob Dylan concert in Kilkenny, Ireland. The 28-year-old Irishman missed out on movie franchisedom ', 'Theron, who recently split from longtime beau Stephan Jenkins, of Third Eye Blind, and Townsend, who used to date  Parker Posey , were spotted at a Bob Dylan concert in Kilkenny, Ireland. The 28-year-old Irishman missed out on movie franchisedom ', "many. Ways in the beginning mr. Andy yeah who do these movies that would made for two and a half dollars yes and L  Parker Posey . If you've oh and have you ever told that Toni I think bush Parker and I went to finances the movement you know ", "that would made for two and a half dollars yes and L Parker Posey . If you've -- oh and have you ever told -- that -- Toni -- I think bush -- Parker and I went ", "Indy movie star  Parker Posey  headlines the movie trans Atlantic romantic comedy. You may recognize joined by telecast later in the show but first it's all about  Parker Posey  and so excited to have you with us and that's where many congratulations ", "Indy movie star Parker Posey headlines the movie trans Atlantic romantic comedy. You may recognize her from cult classics day trippers dazed and confused and as one of Christopher -- Maine go to character actors. Our hot and be joined by -- telecast -- -- -- later in the show but first it's all about Parker Posey and -- -- so excited to have you with us and that's where many congratulations. -- only part of the list of ", "actresses who have starred in films like indecent proposal ghost and waiting for Gottesman. This time Demi Moore and  Parker Posey  are getting major buzz for their latest role sisters. In the critically acclaimed new film it's called happy tears ", "indecent proposal ghost and waiting for Gottesman. This time Demi Moore and Parker Posey are getting major buzz for their latest role -- sisters. In the critically acclaimed new film it's called happy tears Demi and ", "It is all we have to do but for twenty seconds it's already pre cooked. One of my favorite movies of all time with  Parker Posey  and party girl. On the you know being alienated New York library in his on every day provides you would go out and ", 'already pre cooked. One of my favorite movies of all time with Parker Posey and party girl. On the you know being alienated New York library in his -- on every day provides you would go ', 'books there sex related and obviously he was doing his research. Celebrity sightings here include on every Heath Ledger  Parker Posey  and Jude law and I stood up and then. Right where you are standing was Jude Law at least something that. You might ', 'doing his research. Celebrity sightings here include -- on every Heath Ledger Parker Posey and Jude law and I stood up and then. Right where you are standing was Jude Law at least something that. You ']