['a fundraising event to benefit the Muhammad Ali Parkinson Center on March 23, starring Jennifer Lopez, Steve Martin and The Steep Canyon Rangers, Billy Crystal, Billy Ray Cyrus,  Rita Wilson  and much more, go to Celebrity Fight Night .', 'old-fashioned masking tape to fasten the Emmy on his ride, as documented in a picture tweeted by his wife , actress  Rita Wilson . The 56-year-old star, who won in the Outstanding Miniseries or TV Movie category for "Game Change," attended ', 'pics with fans. "The Good Wife" nominee Christine Baranski summed up the celebratory mood, telling Tom Hanks and  Rita Wilson , "If you can\'t win a statue, look like a statue." "Girls" star and Emmy newbie Allison Williams took it all ', "'American Idol' Recap: Joshua Ledet Eliminated; Jessica Sanchez and Phillip Phillips to Compete for Crown", 'Jennifer Lopez and Queen Latifah also sang on the track. Songwriter Carole Bayer Sager and actress-turned-singer  Rita Wilson  sat by Jimmy Iovine in the audience and joined host Ryan Seacrest in remembering the late disco legend Donna Summer ', "injury affect her or her performance. It's great that the Greek contingency is showing their support! Nia Vardalos,  Rita Wilson  and John Stamos. I agree with Len about posture. I disagree with Bruno. I think the links could have been more in ", 'Keys, Foo Fighters, Christina Perri, Joe Walsh, Katy Perry, Smokey Robinson, Bonnie Raitt, Tom Hanks and wife  Rita Wilson , Motown founder Berry Gordy, David Crosby and, of course, the guest of honor: Sir Paul, who was joined by his ', 'decades, including those of Warren Beatty and Annette Bening, John Travolta and Kelly Preston, and Tom Hanks and  Rita Wilson . 8. Escaping Hollywood For some longtime couples, moving far away from Hollywood and the paparazzi is key to a successful ', 'Making It Work: Celebrity Marriage Wisdom From Donny Osmond and, Yes, Gene Simmons', 'comforting." 4. Tom Hanks and  Rita Wilson  Finally, it seems like every week and especially Tom Hanks and  Rita Wilson . All of these couples are members club. "I would say Tom Hanks and  Rita Wilson  are probably the gold standard ', 'Clinton. Hanks, a double Oscar winner for his performances in "Forrest Gump" and "Philadelphia," and his wife,  Rita Wilson , both gave $2,300 to Clinton in the second quarter. Last quarter Hanks gave $4,600 to Obama\'s campaign, maxing ', 'caught up in the egos," Castro said. Castro pointed to actors Will Smith and Jada Pinkett Smith and Tom Hanks and  Rita Wilson  as among the strongest marriages in Hollywood. And he had some surprising predictions about relationships that will ', 'industry, Lane remembers her roots as a young star. She found a shrewd young talent in Hanks, son of Tom Hanks and  Rita Wilson . "He\'s got a level of savvy that I remember, and I can see it fresh on him. We had a good time," she said ', 'Katzenberg has also contributed $3,000 to Edwards since 2002. In Clinton\'s two Senate campaigns, Tom Hanks and wife  Rita Wilson , Sharon Stone, Billy Crystal, Jerry Seinfeld, Martin Scorsese, Susan Sarandon, "Rainman" director Barry Levinson ', "who've contributed to Clinton's two Senate campaigns and her HILLPAC political action committee are Tom Hanks,  Rita Wilson , Sharon Stone, Billy Crystal, Jerry Seinfeld, Martin Scorsese, Susan Sarandon, and Tom Cruise's producing partner ", "has made quite a name for herself in the acting world he's had roles in films like sleepless in Seattle and it's complicated and on hit TV shows like the good wife and she's an accomplished producer for films like my big fat Greek wedding now. Rita is in in the music world her sultry soulful sound.", "and he's doing at the president and the First Lady have done it. Punch and it. David back Madonna Tom Hanks and  Rita Wilson  happy. the prince just told BBC that he as he sat in the bleachers at at Olympic events he dreaded being put on the ", 'have done it. Punch and it. David back Madonna Tom Hanks and Rita Wilson happy. -- the prince just told BBC that he as he sat in the bleachers at at Olympic events he dreaded being ', 'We another Tom Hanks is an extremely gifted actor  Rita Wilson  his wife also no stranger to popular films and television shows and that their son Colin. Is walking in their footsteps in movies ', 'We -- another Tom Hanks is an extremely gifted actor Rita Wilson his wife also no stranger to popular films and television shows and that their son Colin. Is walking in their footsteps in ', 'city John Travolta and Kelly Preston. Tom Hanks and  Rita Wilson  all members of the twenty year love. I would say Tom Hanks and  Rita Wilson  are probably the gold standard of Hollywood marriages ', '-- -- -- city John Travolta and Kelly Preston. Tom Hanks and Rita Wilson all members of the twenty year love. I would say Tom Hanks and Rita Wilson are probably the gold standard of Hollywood marriages. He seemed to really work well together they love to go how they always ', 'Newman and JoAnne Woodward. Or Tom Hanks. And  Rita Wilson  I am saying and I can be quoted on this at about anyone and less. As I say Tom Hanks and  Rita Wilson  we have the new Tom Hanks  Rita Wilson  in for Angelina they are staying together and ', 'couple has its Paul Newman and JoAnne Woodward. Or Tom Hanks. And Rita Wilson I am saying and I can be quoted on this at least for eighteen months. Brad and Angelina are gonna make it ', 'say that about anyone and less. As I say Tom Hanks and Rita Wilson we have the new Tom Hanks Rita Wilson in for Angelina they are staying together and expect to more kids with an eighteen month. -- and now the last time ']