['their junk. My favorite pieces are where the celebrity sends me their junk, like Rosie O\'Donnell, George Lopez or  Phyllis Diller . She sent me, like, 20 boxes of stuff," said Mecier. When asked if Honey Boo Boo was his favorite portrait in ', 'Joan Rivers last saw  Phyllis Diller  three weeks ago. "She was running starred in her own show, "The  Phyllis Diller  Show," as well as the variety show "The Beautiful  Phyllis Diller  Show." She was also a regular ', 'Getty Images Legendary comedian  Phyllis Diller  has died at the age of 95, her starred in her own show, "The  Phyllis Diller  Show," as well as the variety show "The Beautiful  Phyllis Diller  Show." She was also a regular ', 'American Idol\'s." Appropriate, since Flickerman would be the result if Ryan Seacrest fathered a child with  Phyllis Diller . More about him later. Then the fun begins. What was once the United States of America is now the country of Panem ', "Of course, I never intended to even consider the offer, more for aesthetic reasons than out of any moral qualms: I knew what I looked like naked, and it wasn't going to sell many magazines. In any case,  Phyllis Diller  took my page.", "York to star as teenager Marcy Thompson on the daytime drama from 1983 to 1985. In one memorable episode, comedian  Phyllis Diller  guest starred as Tomei's fairy godmother. After leaving daytime, Tomei garnered new fans when she landed a role ", 'so folks in a hurry can rush by on the left. Over the years, the voices have included Bill Cosby, Dick Clark,  Phyllis Diller , Rich Little and Rodney Dangerfield. "They all did it for free," says Randall Walker, airport director. "The ', 'cases to "Judge Cutler" and a jury of three celebrities. If the celebrities -- producers promise appearances by  Phyllis Diller , Dick Van Patten and assorted lesser lights -- can\'t decide the case, "Judge Cutler will render the verdict ', 'Hot," the fur-trimmed negligee that Cybill Shepherd used in "Moonlighting," and something that purports to be  Phyllis Diller \'s training bra (marked "This Side Up!"). Elton John\'s Platform Shoes -- How honored Sir Elton must be to ', 'has lost one of its most esteemed pioneers, but he leaves a proud legacy that will inspire generations to come."  Phyllis Diller , comedian -- ABC News Radio: "I don\'t think his work will ever be topped. I think he was the world\'s greatest ', 'and lived to the fullest." Delores Hope, the late comic\'s wife "He\'s the comedy master of the universe."  Phyllis Diller , comedian, who appeared on many of Hope\'s TV specials', 'relentlessly. But Gold and Essman are just like old-timers  Phyllis Diller , Bob Hope, and even Soupy Sales when it comes to every day because I need material." The Comic:  Phyllis Diller  The Jokes: "My mother taught me to think of myself ', 'suggestive manner, to the tune of "I\'m in the Mood for Love." Amazingly, the judges didn\'t break out the gong.  Phyllis Diller  gave them a "0" and Jamie Farr gave them a "2." But Jaye P. Morgan gave them a perfect "10," adding, "That\'s ', 'Long before long before there was  Phyllis Diller  a mother of five who needed money. And turned her mouth of the world his faded when I was doctors let  Phyllis Diller  was the queen of stand up. A pioneer who decided ', 'Long before -- long before -- there was Phyllis Diller a mother of five who needed money. And turned her life into a punch line at a time when standup comedy was almost impossible for women. She died today at 95 and -- -- -- reminds us why she was the least likely TrailBlazer. The only thing wilder than that laugh. -- -- -- -- That look was what came out of her mouth of the world -- his faded when I was -- doctors let -- Phyllis Diller was the queen of stand up. A pioneer who -- decided to become a professional comedian -- aged 38 after she married ', 'Phyllis diller , passed away at the age of 98 yesterday was more male than augusta national,  phyllis diller  was a working wife and mother of five doctors slapped everybody. Reporter:  Phyllis diller  died in her sleep on monday, at the ', 'Phyllis diller , passed away at the age of 98 yesterday. Her comedy paved the way for a generation of funny ladies. And chris connelly looks back at the show dynamo. Reporter: Almost 60 years ago, when mainstream standup was more male than augusta national, phyllis diller was a working wife and mother of five, who decided to discover on stage if looks could kill, comedically speaking, that is. ', 'lives. Ugliest baby. When I was born, the doctors slapped everybody. Reporter: Phyllis diller died in her sleep on monday, at the age of 95. For "good morning america," chris connelly, abc news, new york. Sam ', 'make people laugh. Is when I was not just let everybody. With her wild hair costumes and self deprecating humor  Phyllis Diller  was the queen of standup comedy. Sometimes without iPhone event and happen. Quite beautiful. I dig a little. Even ', 'let everybody. With her wild hair -- costumes and self deprecating humor Phyllis Diller was the queen of standup comedy. Sometimes without iPhone event and -- happen. Quite beautiful. I dig a little. Even as a ', "Akin's comment, Penn State's ex-president speaks and  Phyllis Diller  made this week's headlines.", "come out while we say good-bye. I'm just saying a large dog would probably never put up with this. This is  phyllis diller , everybody. You can get all of these looks and check out more at goodmorningamerica.Com on yahoo!. We'll be ", "a large dog would probably never put up with this. This is phyllis diller , everybody. You can get all of these looks and check out more at goodmorningamerica.Com on yahoo!. We'll be right back. Promise. ", 'us Sam last laugh remembering  Phyllis Diller  how her jokes at a laundering before and long before there was  Phyllis Diller  a mother of five who needed money faded when I was Bartlett just  Phyllis Diller  was the queen of standup. A pioneer ', 'decide -- these pageants are -- -- us Sam last laugh remembering Phyllis Diller how her jokes at a laundering bat. Launched on legendary career. -- the -- his faded when I was born the doctors ', "And finally tonight long before -- and long before -- there was Phyllis Diller a mother of five who needed money. And turned her life into a punch line at a -- when standup comedy was almost impossible for women. She died today at 95 and chairman Alfonse -- reminds us why she was the least likely TrailBlazer. The only thing wilder than that laugh. I thought that's what. Act that look was what came out of her mouth of the world -- his faded when I was Bartlett -- just -- -- Phyllis Diller was the queen of standup. A pioneer who -- decided to become a professional comedian -- aged 38 after she married and "]