['was a big day for other notable births, an engagement and other fun celebrity happenings. Here are the highlights:  Penelope Cruz , Javier Bardem Welcomed a Baby Girl According to Hola.com , Cruz, 39, and Bardem, 44, had their second child ', "Diane Keaton. Mia Farrow. Dianne Wiest. Scarlett Johansson.  Penelope Cruz . To the long list of actresses who've thrived in Woody Allen films, it's now time to add Cate Blanchett. And in big, capital ", 'to welcome a bundle of joy into the world yesterday.  Penelope Cruz , 39, and Javier Bardem, 44, had their second child child, Leonardo, 2, early the next year. Related:  Penelope Cruz  Rumored to be Next Bond Girl A rep for Cruz could not ', "Get Around? Last year, Sean Penn arrived on a yacht -- and he's not alone. Robert Pattinson, Johnny Depp and  Penelope Cruz  have all done the same thing. And not only do these glamorous boats act as means of transportation, but they're ", "experts, the suction of the cups causes the blood vessels to dilate and open and allow the blood to flow. VIDEO:  Penelope Cruz 's Acupuncture Beads Target Specific Conditions Aniston isn't alone in turning to traditional healing methods for ", "as amazing as the guy who wrote it (Cormac McCarthy). Leguizamo is working with Brad Pitt, Michael Fassbender,  Penelope Cruz , Javier Bardem, Cameron Diaz, and Rosie Perez on McCarthy's first screenplay about a lawyer who gets involved ", 'January 10 premiere of "Venuto Al Mondo." (Image credit: Carlos Alvarez/Getty Images) The swath of tiny studs in  Penelope Cruz \'s ear isn\'t the latest piercing fashion - it\'s auriculotherapy, a form of acupuncture used to fight stress ', 'Hot! Penelope and Younger Sister Monica Model and Design Lingerie for Agent Provocateur', "What's hotter than the thought of  Penelope Cruz  in lingerie? A two-for-one of Pe and her younger sister, Monica, of course! The new diffusion line, called L'Agent ", 'Cusato, 38, has doubled for several A-list actresses, including Jennifer Aniston in "Rumor Has It," as well as  Penelope Cruz , Denise Richards, and Anne Hathaway. Her stunt screen credits include "Baywatch," "Cop Land" and "Alias ', 'coincidentally nicknamed "Madrina") in the Oliver Stone film, we look forward to seeing her do the Colombian version.  Penelope Cruz  She was the first to violate the "don\'t get high on your own supply" rule in Blow , but we still think Cruz could ', 'has just completed filming the upcoming movies "Long Time Gone" and "The Truth. She was previously linked to  Penelope Cruz \'s brother Eduardo Cruz earlier this year. Sanchez, 25, played college football at the University of Southern California ', 'three-story home spans 8,520-square feet and has eight bedrooms, 10 bathrooms and three fireplaces. 5.  Penelope Cruz  Actress  Penelope Cruz  sold her 3,334-square foot home in Los Angeles for $2.88 million in December 2011, after buying ', "gets lost and winds up hanging out with the most famous actor in Italy. Topping things off, a hooker, played by  Penelope Cruz , walks into Antonio's hotel thinking he's her john for the day, and Antonio's stodgy old relatives walk into ", "to hear who the latest bond girl might be? Who? Drum roll, please. we're hearing records it's oscar winner  penelope cruz . Daniel craig in the 24th bond movie. Pretty fan fast tick if she landed it while sporting a major baby bump with ", "might be? Who? Drum roll, please. we're hearing records it's oscar winner penelope cruz . Daniel craig in the 24th bond movie. Pretty fan fast tick if she landed it while sporting a major baby bump with ", "Let's get started with the picture. Show  penelope cruz . You look real closely right there. She has what could accessories has left fashion watchers asking, what is that?  Penelope cruz  is known for dazzling on the red carpet. And at a recent ", "Let's get started with the picture. Show penelope cruz . You look real closely right there. She has what could be earrings. They look like beads. Looking very closely right inside there. ", 'says four tiny accessories has left fashion watchers asking, what is that? Penelope cruz is known for dazzling on the red carpet. And at a recent premiere, one detail in particular caught the eye. Or rather, ', "the Los done I think and me.  Penelope Cruz  has mesmerized US audiences with the while there's been another  Penelope Cruz  Americans haven't seen the character With or without the glasses  Penelope Cruz  thinks this movie has helped Hollywood ", "the witching in the in the Los done I think and me. Penelope Cruz has mesmerized US audiences with her beauty. Ever since He first came to Hollywood to worked as an actress in the English language for drugs. If they have Cynthia -- -- a vision of unforgettable lovely miss. Even in some pretty forgettable films like Seth -- your desk would look very bad in the so does that what they. Yet all the while there's been another Penelope Cruz Americans haven't seen the character -- the Spanish cinema. Especially as directed by the man who would call her his muse. -- ", "pathetic. I could have been a closet. With or without the glasses Penelope Cruz thinks this movie has helped Hollywood see her in a whole new life. For Nightline I'm Chris -- in Los Angeles. ", "Jack Sparrow in the new pirates film. Stranger tides mathison sat down with Her name is Anjelica he's no Angel.  Penelope Cruz  plays up hiring the devious daughter of the evil barbarians. Thing. Johnny drops then captain was reported mutiny ", "down with -- -- Her name is Anjelica -- he's no Angel. Penelope Cruz plays up hiring the devious daughter of the evil barbarians. -- -- Thing. Johnny -- drops then captain was reported mutiny. Has ", "it's a new movie called Vicky Cristina Barcelona about a summer romance in Barcelona. An Oscar nominated actress  Penelope Cruz  delivers a bilingual performance. It's funny bilingual how is that. And it's been called by critics dynamite ", "Cristina Barcelona about a summer romance in Barcelona. An Oscar nominated actress Penelope Cruz delivers a bilingual performance. It's funny bilingual how -- is that. And it's been called by critics dynamite in either language she's ", 'of the over-40 actress. There are a lot of great talents in the pool over 40. Reporter: Rumors circulated that  penelope cruz  was cast as the next bond girl. Talking about casting someone opt opposite of daniel craig, have an extraordinary ', 'of great talents in the pool over 40. Reporter: Rumors circulated that penelope cruz was cast as the next bond girl. Talking about casting someone opt opposite of daniel craig, have an extraordinary woman someone in ']