['As President Obama pushed China\'s President Hu on the issue of human rights Wednesday, the Chinese leader was unexpectedly frank in his response, acknowledging via his translator that "a lot of work still needs to be done." NBC\'s Savannah Guthrie reports. ', 'This content comes from Closed Captioning that was broadcast along with this program.', "it's been called the most important relationship between any two countries anywhere on earth right now. the u.s. and ", '. massive economic impact, huge differences between the two countries. so much on the line. and tonight the ', " and its rising asian rival. what's happening right now in washington, enormously important for the u.s. let's go to our ", 'good evening, brian. like any relationship, this one is complicated. the president has been taking a tougher tack lately with ', ', an issue the chinese leader was unexpectedly frank about today. rolling out the ', ", signaling the country's growing importance and influence, something the president said today americans have no reason to fear.", " has the world's second largest economy, growing three times as fast as the u.s. it also holds nearly 11% of u.s. ", " debt, making it america's single biggest foreign investor. but the president today stressed the opportunity ", 'we want to sell you all kinds of stuff. we want to sell you planes, we want to sell you cars, we want to sell you software. that offers opportunities for u.s. businesses, which ultimately translates into u.s. jobs.', " isn't playing fair, keeping its currency artificially low so its goods are cheaper, effectively cutting u.s. companies out of lucrative markets, including competition for business with the ", ". seeming to recognize their pr problem, the chinese bought advertising in new york's ", 'i have been very candid with president hu about these issues. occasionally they are a source of tension between our two governments. but we can engage and discuss these issues in a frank and candid way.', ' was invited, as were the republican and democratic leaders of the senate, but all of them declined to come. speaker boehner will meet with president hu tomorrow.', ", at the other, every major banker who's been in the news lately, and, again, a total of three ", 'yeah, from the world of politics, the world of entertainment. the president greeted president hu along with the first lady on the north portico of the ', " tonight. you said it, we've got three presidents, clinton, carter and obama, former secretary of states kissinger and albright and "]