['In Depth with Graham Bensinger," heavy weight champion Mike Tyson said he caught Brad Pitt with his ex-wife,  Robin Givens , during their divorce in the 80s. "I was getting a divorce, but... every day before I would go to my lawyer\'s ', 'and Angelina Jolie , Brad Pitt was involved in another love triangle, this time between Mike Tyson and his ex-wife  Robin Givens . Heavyweight boxing champion Tyson is talking about the time he found the Hollywood A-lister with his ex during their ', 'today, the former world heavyweight champion opened up about his current financial troubles, his past with ex-wife  Robin Givens , and his renewed passion for pigeon racing. Tyson also reunited with Barbara Walters, whose 1988 interview about ', "when he was 16, didn't live to see it. With success came controversy. In February 1988, Tyson married actress  Robin Givens  . Their mismatch ended eight months later with accusations of physical abuse (her) and fraud (him) and reportedly ", 'Exodus Tyson , the 4-year-old daughter of former heavyweight boxing champion Mike Tyson , died at a Phoenix hospital Monday after what police called a "tragic accident" on a home treadmill. Exodus was on life support after accidentally hanging herself on a cord dangling from a treadmill in her', 'Immune to Abuse Rihanna wasn\'t the first celebrity victim of domestic violence, and she won\'t be the last. Actress  Robin Givens  says she survived a tumultuous year of marriage to heavyweight boxing champion Mike Tyson. "He said he was gonna kill ', 'Most people know  Robin Givens  as boxer Mike Tyson\'s ex-wife. But, in her new memoir, "Grace Will Lead Me Home," the actress goes beyond the tabloid ', 'Actress  Robin Givens  was a rising 1980s sitcom star with the hit television show "Head of the Class." But she is probably best known for her volatile ', "contrast, some of the smaller parts, such as William's clueless wife, Jillian (KaDee Strickland), and Abby ( Robin Givens ), a knowing and principled executive, seem more amateurish, particularly when compared with Woodard's natural ", 'a psychiatrist if you don\'t get one," said famed divorce lawyer Raoul Felder, who\'s guided Rudy Giuliani and  Robin Givens  through their splits. "Maybe they used to make the same money, but she\'s outdistanced him and now he could get ', 'opponent\'s ear. He also served jail time for rape and had trouble with domestic violence when he was married to actress  Robin Givens . "Mike Tyson had it all. He had the world at his feet," Smith said. "He had more money than a human being could ', 'would that be? Drew Barrymore and Tom Green? Lisa Marie Presley and Nicholas Cage? Julia Roberts and Lyle Lovett?  Robin Givens  and Mike Tyson? Who could forget Carmen Electra and Dennis Rodman? The Baywatch babe and the rainbow-haired basketball ', "she managed to launch her singing career while Cage, 39, earned an Oscar nomination for Adaptation. Mike Tyson and  Robin Givens  Their Story: He was the youngest heavyweight champ in boxing history and she was the star of TV's Head of the Class ", 'to come forward. Our next guest is proof that this can happen to anyone even with the whole world watched. Actress  Robin Givens  survived a tumultuous year of marriage to heavyweight boxing champ. Mike Tyson. Now nearly two decades later she has ', 'this can happen to anyone even with the whole world watched. Actress Robin Givens survived a tumultuous year of marriage to heavyweight boxing champ. Mike Tyson. Now nearly two decades later she has written a book ', "boxing champ Mike Tyson is leveling a pretty big claim against Brad Pitt. He says he once caught pit with his ex wife  Robin Givens . But before you both would be going to your lawyer's office. This part of the divorce proceedings like same day ", "Brad Pitt. He says he once caught pit with his ex wife Robin Givens . But before you both would be going to your lawyer's office. This part of the divorce proceedings like same day -- would ", 'basically saying laid back the day he was married to  Robin Givens  back in eighty that was like when she was and that sit described the whole thing as a love triangle but Swede  Robin Givens  and Brad Pitt. It in this latest interview with the ', "interview basically saying laid back -- the day he was married to Robin Givens back in eighty that was like when she was and that sit com head of the class and all that. He's basically ", '-- he described the whole thing as a love triangle but Swede Robin Givens and Brad Pitt. It in this latest interview with the story there is that the -- the office of our history -- ', 'those who do many later recant their stories. Nicole Brown Simpson repeatedly went back to OJ Simpson despite the abuse  Robin Givens  said she felt more susceptible to an abusive relationship with Mike Tyson. Because of the history of domestic violence ', 'Nicole Brown Simpson repeatedly went back to OJ Simpson despite the abuse Robin Givens said she felt more susceptible to an abusive relationship with Mike Tyson. Because of the history of domestic violence and her family. ']