['affect." The compulsive shopper continues the habit year round and not in association with a manic incident. Actress  Patty Duke , the original "Parent Trap" twin, disclosed her bipolar spending in her autobiographies, "Call Me Anna," and ', 'President Bush in Iraq An Iraqi reporter threw his shoes at President Bush during a press conference. Famous Birthdays 1946  Patty Duke  1948 Dee Wallace 1988 Vanessa Hudgens Jump back to Dec. 13: Day in History . View more videos from This Month in History ', 'sister, Pippa Middleton , are out around town, Brits notice how much they look and act alike. As was said of actress  Patty Duke \'s TV characters, "They laugh alike, they walk alike, at times they even talk alike." The Middletons are much ', "entertained by stories of the Bobsey twins, and later,  Patty Duke  playing the genetically-impossible 'identical twin cousins' on 'The  Patty Duke  Show.' There is almost a circus-like element to this ", 'Affective Disorders Association.  Patty Duke  The child actress-turned TV star struggle with bipolar disorder. While  Patty Duke  won an Oscar at age 16 for her role and fame from her TV series "The  Patty Duke  Show," her personal life was traumatic ', 'reflects on his childhood with his Oscar-winning mother  Patty Duke . Read chapter one of "There and Back Again." Chapter I had been raised by a pair of pop culture icons,  Patty Duke  and John Astin. On a production that had been quite ', 'the child of two Hollywood stars: Oscar winner  Patty Duke  who gets a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame teenager had played a chaste young lady on The  Patty Duke  Show. "I was little  Patty Duke  who came into the living rooms on Wednesday nights ', "Cast of the 1960s comedy in the  Patty Duke  Show is reuniting to promote the Social Security administration's new online service aimed at baby baby boomers. The Social ", "Cast of the 1960s comedy in the Patty Duke Show is reuniting to promote the Social Security administration's new online service aimed at baby baby boomers. The Social Security Administration is ", "her media witnessing the video that I and a lady huge animal lover but this isn't sure what happens and New Zealand  Patty Duke . A little is just literally drowning in the the years ago trying to take a look at them. I don't know where. didn't ", "animal lover but this isn't sure what happens and New Zealand -- Patty Duke . A little -- is just literally drowning in the -- -- the years ago trying to take a look at them. I "]