['The comedian set the bar at a new low when she performed "The Star-Spangled Banner" in 1990.', "After seventeen years Roseanne is coming back the comedy TV the Hollywood reporter has learned that  Roseanne Barr  is developing a new sitcom. Called Dow mobile 20th Century Fox. The plot might sound familiar like her sitcom in the ninety's ", 'is coming back the comedy TV the Hollywood reporter has learned that Roseanne Barr is developing a new sitcom. Called Dow -- mobile -- 20th Century Fox. The plot might sound familiar like her sitcom in ', "Buckle up folks  Roseanne Barr  has my back making us laugh she's got a brand new pick hoping brand new book. Rose anarchy it dispatches from the net farm in ", "Buckle up folks Roseanne Barr has my back making us laugh she's got a brand new pick hoping -- brand new book. Rose anarchy it dispatches from ", 'Roseanne Barr  says as a kid she was "a smart, fat, funny girl in Salt Lake City"', 'only famous face who\'s passed through the hospital doors. Morgan fairchild. I have to vacuum the limo. Reporter:  Roseanne barr . And you owe me, big guy. Reporter: Tyne daly. Leonard theme moi before "star trek." George takei after "star ', 'the hospital doors. Morgan fairchild. I have to vacuum the limo. Reporter: Roseanne barr . And you owe me, big guy. Reporter: Tyne daly. Leonard theme moi before "star trek." George takei after "star trek." Just like ', "And she's not the only thing. These hospital afterwards. She went from your won't have long been an emotional.  Roseanne Barr . George to your Star Trek just gone through and people six just like. Luke Skywalker himself. Mark Even TV legend ", "afterwards. She went from your -- won't have long been an emotional. Roseanne Barr . -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- George to -- your Star Trek just gone through and -- people six ", 'girls." And an emmy awar for "mike & molly." It\'s my first and best pageant ever. Reporter: Perhaps it\'s ro  roseanne barr  who used her weight for comic relief who puts it best. Tweeting these words of ENCOURAGEMENT to McCarthy. You\'re ', 'molly." It\'s my first and best pageant ever. Reporter: Perhaps it\'s ro roseanne barr who used her weight for comic relief who puts it best. Tweeting these words of ENCOURAGEMENT to McCarthy. You\'re great comedian. Your ', "keys. And  roseanne barr . We're going turn to robin's big homecoming. This is part of her emotional recovery as he prepares to come back and join ", "keys. And roseanne barr . We're going turn to robin's big homecoming. This is part of her emotional recovery as he prepares to come back and join ", 'STRUGGLE. ONE OF HER MUSICAL IDOLS, CHRISTINA AGUILERA, BUTCHERRED THE LYRICS. HOW PROUDLY WE WATCHED Reporter: AND  ROSEANNE BARR  BUTCHER ED MORE THAN THAT. FOR THIS 11-YEAR-OLD IS UNDAUNTED. LEARNING NEW SONGS AND NOT GIVING UP ON THAT PATRIOTIC ', 'IDOLS, CHRISTINA AGUILERA, BUTCHERRED THE LYRICS. HOW PROUDLY WE WATCHED Reporter: AND ROSEANNE BARR BUTCHER ED MORE THAN THAT. FOR THIS 11-YEAR-OLD IS UNDAUNTED. LEARNING NEW SONGS AND NOT GIVING UP ON THAT PATRIOTIC ONE, THAT ', "and Molly. First and that's why I didn't ever. Here's a thing about Melissa McCarthy a lot of people compared  Roseanne Barr  I think we should be comparing her job Lucius and I mean that in a good way because you know. If you and belch pass ", "ever. Here's a thing about Melissa McCarthy a lot of people compared Roseanne Barr I think we should be comparing her job Lucius and I mean that in a good way because you know. If you ", "Chick-Fil-A President's Anti-Gay Marriage Comments Spark Controversy With Politicians, Muppets", "announced it would end a marketing deal with the fast food chain to put muppets toys in kids meals. And celebrities from  roseanne barr , miley cyrus, and ed helms. He tweeted, chick-fil-a doesn't like gay people? Wonder what they do to gay ", "food chain to put muppets toys in kids meals. And celebrities from roseanne barr , miley cyrus, and ed helms. He tweeted, chick-fil-a doesn't like gay people? Wonder what they do to gay chickens? The actual churl ", "not prepared for like the crazy crashed. Celebrity  Roseanne Barr  may be living proof I'm one of these people that I again. she recorded on dvd. star may have fallen but  Roseanne Barr  seems to be enjoying a pretty soft landing I'm David ", "they fall I was not prepared for like the crazy crashed. Celebrity Roseanne Barr may be living proof I'm one of these people that I have -- column my fans people who loved to -- Me ", "-- -- she recorded on dvd. -- star may have fallen but Roseanne Barr seems to be enjoying a pretty soft landing I'm David Wright for Nightline in Los Angeles. ", "Gastric bypass. It's the surgery celebrities like comedian  Roseanne Barr . An American Idol judge Randy Jackson have used to collectively shed hundreds of and it's not just adults wearing teens. Believe ", "Gastric bypass. It's the surgery celebrities like comedian Roseanne Barr . An American Idol judge Randy Jackson have used to collectively shed hundreds of and it's not just adults -- -- -- wearing ", "living here but today something blood coming down on her forgetting the lyrics take a left but. This yeah. Good.  Roseanne Barr  I'll tell you. An army you should just I didn't like crazy but she was obviously nervous dozens so I don't I ", "take a left but. This yeah. Good. -- -- -- -- -- Roseanne Barr I'll tell you. -- -- An army you should just I didn't like crazy but she was obviously nervous -- dozens -- ", "host and there was a lot of hype about her especially because there had been a woman who it's ninety crazy since  Roseanne Barr  I didn't remember that season it. A lot of people though review overall they're not eight. People like her opening ", "there had been a woman who -- it's ninety -- crazy since Roseanne Barr I didn't remember that season it. A lot of people though -- review overall they're not -- eight. People like her opening ", "Trek Andy Hardy the road to Zanzibar and the road to Singapore and our favorite. The best of Saturday Night hosted by  Roseanne Barr . It's got flat. The VHS was a revolution never before we recorded TV show and watch it later. The VHS was easy ", "Singapore and our favorite. The best of Saturday Night -- hosted by Roseanne Barr . It's got flat. The VHS was a revolution never before we recorded TV show and watch it later. The VHS was easy "]