['for this particular role, we humbly submit Dame Judi Dench as Brenda Blethyn as Maggie Smith as Queen Elizabeth as  Roseanne Barr  as Queen Elizabeth. The Doctor The doctor who delivered the royal baby will be portrayed by none other than Colin ', 'performances of the national anthem. READ MORE: 6 People Who Should Have Lip-Synced the National Anthem  Roseanne Barr Roseanne Barr \'s 1990 performance of "The Star-Spangled Banner" before a Reds-Padres game at San Diego\'s then Jack ', 'workout. And he did a great job of playing one of the most bizarre characters we\'ve ever had on the show." 3.  Roseanne Barr  Barr, a fan of the series, appeared with then-husband Tom Arnold for three episodes in late March 1994. She played ', 'attack on actress Melissa McCarthy is vile & unacceptable. The @NewYorkObserver should fire him." And comedienne  Roseanne Barr , who once famously used her weight as comic relief, added her voice to McCarthy\'s supporters, tweeting: "you ', "Yup, that's right -- Cory and Topanga are coming back to TV! But not as vampires. Alas. Roseanne Conner ( Roseanne Barr ) and Dan Conner (John Goodman), Roseanne These two were one of the greatest -- and most realistically portrayed ", 'Comedian  Roseanne Barr  and peace activist Cindy Sheehan could have been elected president and vice president if more than 40,000 voters had had their ', 'I mean didn\'t you kind of think of Ronald Reagan when you were watching that?" http://abcn.ws/SHnHtX  ROSEANNE BARR  TO RUN PRESIDENTIAL ADS IN CALIFORNIA. ABC\'s Michael Falcone reports: Media tracking sources tell ABC News that ', "is buying television airtime in California, but it's not Mitt Romney or Barack Obama. It's former sitcom star  Roseanne Barr , who is running as the Peace and Freedom Party's presidential candidate. Media tracking sources tell ABC News that ", 'of the Rock." The Name Game, Show Title Edition It was a sitcom built around a rising star, the stand-up comic  Roseanne Barr , but at first, ABC\'s " Roseanne " was called "Life and Stuff." The initial name wasn\'t completely forgotten ', "Comedy Central to Cut Jeffrey Ross' Joke About Alleged Aurora Shooter From Roseanne Roast", 'the roast airs on TV, reports EW.com . RELATED:  Roseanne Barr  Headed Back To The Small Screen? Ross took aim at fellow the 90-minute special featuring celebrities roasting  Roseanne Barr . The program will premiere on Comedy Central Sunday ', 'any kinder. Some Tweets characterized her performance as "tragic," while another said it was worse than that of  Roseanne Barr \'s, who sang the anthem off-key at a baseball game in 1990, then grabbed her crotch and spat. Viewers of a video ', "What '04 Obama Would Say About '12 Obama, Olympic Fantasies, Odd Friday Tweets from Romney Staffers (PM Note)", "Chick-fil-A's Vice President of Public Relations Dies of Heart Attack - http://abcn.ws/O307WA More Chik-fil-A  Roseanne Barr  Apologizes (Kind Of) for Chick Fil-A Tweet- http://abcn.ws/NyFC5o Bloomberg Says Mayors 'Are Wrong ", 'Kevin Winter/Getty Images  Roseanne Barr , failed Green Party presidential candidate and comedian, kind of apologized for her tweets on Wednesday attacking Chick Fil ', "Roseanne Barr 's performance of the national and may be the worst ever the comedians set the bar that a new low when she performed the star ", "Roseanne Barr's performance of the national and -- -- may be the worst ever the comedians set the bar that a new low when ", "After seventeen years Roseanne is coming back the comedy TV the Hollywood reporter has learned that  Roseanne Barr  is developing a new sitcom. Called Dow mobile 20th Century Fox. The plot might sound familiar like her sitcom in the ninety's ", 'is coming back the comedy TV the Hollywood reporter has learned that Roseanne Barr is developing a new sitcom. Called Dow -- mobile -- 20th Century Fox. The plot might sound familiar like her sitcom in ', "Buckle up folks  Roseanne Barr  has my back making us laugh she's got a brand new pick hoping brand new book. Rose anarchy it dispatches from the net farm in ", "Buckle up folks Roseanne Barr has my back making us laugh she's got a brand new pick hoping -- brand new book. Rose anarchy it dispatches from ", 'Roseanne Barr  says as a kid she was "a smart, fat, funny girl in Salt Lake City"', 'only famous face who\'s passed through the hospital doors. Morgan fairchild. I have to vacuum the limo. Reporter:  Roseanne barr . And you owe me, big guy. Reporter: Tyne daly. Leonard theme moi before "star trek." George takei after "star ', 'the hospital doors. Morgan fairchild. I have to vacuum the limo. Reporter: Roseanne barr . And you owe me, big guy. Reporter: Tyne daly. Leonard theme moi before "star trek." George takei after "star trek." Just like ']