['This week on "Popcorn with Peter Travers," Peter names the best and worst movies of the year so far!', 'The actress tells Peter she was first discovered while she was sitting on her New York City stoop.', "So I'd like you to close your eyes. Can imagine union home and elevated with velvet walls and they kind that's. as the doors close. What your eyes become happier. From the elevator begins to go down. You realize that this is the elevator relaxation. And now on the third floor. Going down. And you", "This young lady can jump from high style action adventure and sin city one minute to singing her heart out in a musical rent. The next no wonder Dawson. As one of Hollywood's most sought after leading ladies now she's starring opposite a man named Will Smith in a provocative new film. About the", "certainly not I don't what I would a case when a mom my mouth out with but luckily she never. Used hung on me like  Rosario dawson 's mom that she told the New York Times blog. Quote my mom me that was her punishment if I was little opt for the ", "with -- but luckily she never. Used -- hung on me like Rosario dawson's mom that she told the New York Times blog. Quote my mom -- me that was her punishment if I was little ", "to the one didn't. Just go. Greetings in salutation this turned out. I'm Christian Slater in this is lovely  Rosario Dawson  morning. It's great to so much excitement for retirement planning. HR sent here to talk to you about your retirement ", "in salutation this turned out. I'm Christian Slater in this is lovely Rosario Dawson morning. It's great to -- so much excitement for retirement planning. HR sent -- here to talk to you about your retirement ", "one didn't. Just go. For. Greetings and salutation is turned out. Hi I'm Christian Slater in this is lovely  Rosario Dawson  morning. It's great season excitement for retirement planning. Bob HR sent us here to talk to you about your retirement ", "salutation is turned out. Hi I'm Christian Slater in this is lovely Rosario Dawson morning. It's great season -- excitement for retirement planning. Bob HR sent us here to talk to you about your retirement program ", "Thomas. And and you all the government. 56240. Dollars and nineteen cents. And now you get me. And boy does she  Rosario Dawson  plays somebody who's very ill and you're trying to help her something happens between two you. Beautiful moment ", "and nineteen cents. And now you get me. And boy does she Rosario Dawson plays somebody who's very ill and you're trying to help her something happens between two -- you. Beautiful moment great chemistry is ", "people. I don't I can't continue doing really speak favoring. Because I could feel. That you really deserve.  Rosario dawson 's character has tax troubles and a we that does prevent her from falling in love in the film is not without Such ", "doing really speak favoring. Because I could feel. That you really deserve. Rosario dawson's character has tax troubles and a we -- -- that does -- prevent her from falling in love in the film is ", "prevents companies from investing in the Sudan. Actress  Rosario Dawson  shares Clooney's passion for helping the victims agree that that is a good thing if George Clooney or  Rosario Dawson  if they want to talk about four. It's going to ", "support a bill that prevents companies from investing in the Sudan. Actress Rosario Dawson shares Clooney's passion for helping the victims and -- four and his outspoken about aids awareness we recently asked her about the ", "all agree that that is a good thing if George Clooney or Rosario Dawson if they want to talk about -- four. It's going to be on the front pages NYT thirteen. Or an adult chances ", 'and left something important behind. This was one of the first shots of that day and happened to be cupcakes. And  Rosario Dawson  picked one up and and just sort of walked on sat with and just in her very assertive. Confident yet sensual way she ', 'first shots of that day and -- happened to be cupcakes. And Rosario Dawson picked one up and and just sort of walked on sat with -- and just in her very assertive. Confident yet sensual ', 'and left something important behind. This was one of the first shots of that day and happened to be cupcakes. And  Rosario Dawson  picked up and and just sort of walked on sat with that and her very assertive. Confident yet sensual way she knows ', 'first shots of that day and -- happened to be cupcakes. And Rosario Dawson picked -- up and and just sort of walked on sat with that and -- her very assertive. Confident yet sensual way ']