['This week on "Popcorn with Peter Travers," Peter names the best and worst movies of the year so far!', "But just message. To ensure continuing there. Person here. Christmas her talk. If this an emergency couldn't make its. Stand. Kenyans from win. You can Costa. Community. Hi everybody I'm Peter Travers and this is popcorn we we tell you what is happening at the movies and I'm telling you there's a", 'central character girl with the dragon tattoo. with many challenges. Namely the piercing the tattoos the attitude.  Rooney Mara  talked with film critic Peter Travers some popcorn about the challenges of playing such a beloved character. Check ', 'tattoo. -- with many challenges. Namely the piercing the tattoos the attitude. Rooney Mara talked with film critic Peter Travers some popcorn about the challenges of playing such a beloved character. Check out this rough cut. ', "'Girl With the Dragon Tattoo' Interview: Rooney Mara  - Princess of U.S's First Family of NFL", "You. How do. Something wrong with the yeah. program those who are interested in books there's nothing to change your opinion of him isn't. Scene yeah. You discouraging. Presented today When there is you are making and the and looked a little bit and a monitor or edit video or something you. Why it", "'The Girl with The Dragon Tattoo' Interview: Rooney Mara  Discusses Becoming Iconic Character", "Story and me any. Good you think you thought. I'm the guy you know better than my closest friends When personal personal. girlfriend. Hello everybody you have just seen a scene from the girl with the dragon tattoo starring and very cleverly rooting hard. Ours here right after the that we just", 'double indemnity." "Jagged edge," "fatal attraction." Things that you can\'t see where whatever happens next.  Rooney mara , so tortured. Your patient tracks you down. And she interrupting a conversation you\'re having with your wife ', 'edge," "fatal attraction." Things that you can\'t see where whatever happens next. Rooney mara , so tortured. Your patient tracks you down. And she interrupting a conversation you\'re having with your wife. She invades my life more ', "involvement with Laurence Olivier making prints of the Kenneth Branagh plays that just marked for this kind of thing and  Rooney Mara . Through marriage claimed the girl with the to not get nominated for that. But the real contest that they're the ", "plays -- that -- just marked for this kind of thing and Rooney Mara . Through marriage claimed the girl with the -- -- to -- not get nominated for that. But the real contest that they're ", "Streep is back again this time playing Margaret Thatcher in the iron lady. Tilda Swinton we need to talk about Kevin and  Rooney Mara . For the girl with the dragon that is due on Danielle and singing up a few well it's gonna be great yeah yeah we ", "iron lady. Tilda Swinton -- we need to talk about Kevin and Rooney Mara . For the girl with the dragon that is due on Danielle and singing up a few well it's gonna be great yeah ", "Internet. Fresh from playing the ex girlfriend FaceBook founder Mark Zuckerberg in the social network. 26 year old  Rooney Mara  a different kind of computer genius business here tonight. It's the American version of the popular book series and ", "-- FaceBook founder Mark Zuckerberg in the social network. 26 year old Rooney Mara -- a different kind of computer genius -- business here tonight. It's the American version of the popular book series and the ", 'here. Glenn Close and Albert Viola Davis in the help.  Rooney Mara  and girl with the dragon tattoo. Merrill street in the in this I think if you roof with the young actresses  Rooney Mara  whose only 27 would be the youngest in this category ', 'nominees here. Glenn Close and Albert -- Viola Davis in the help. Rooney Mara and girl with the dragon tattoo. Merrill street in the iron lady and Michelle Williams in -- week with marrow okay. This ', 'her in this I think if you roof with the young actresses Rooney Mara whose only 27 would be the youngest in this category. She was on the show and she seemed a little tentative about ', 'anyone. Especially new like when he Growing Patricia  Rooney Mara  in Bedford New York sister and two Brothers continued fiery passion for the stage sparked in high school like  Rooney Mara  Glenn got the lead in Romeo and Juliette. Unlike Rooney ', 'anyone. Especially new -- like when he -- Growing -- Patricia -- Rooney Mara in Bedford New York sister and two Brothers continued year old movie describes herself in high school as -- Quiet and still ', "fiery passion for the stage -- sparked in high school -- like Rooney Mara Glenn got the lead in Romeo and Juliette. Unlike Rooney she played Romeo and didn't foreshadowing to her cross dressing role in ", "to in the here. Her name we don't know that's the mystery of Sunday we reported seeing. Home well. Several but  Rooney Mara  is on top of my list she is an editor's dream and right about. she's got this boyish she's got this severe haircut ", "the mystery of Sunday we -- reported seeing. Home well. Several but Rooney Mara is on top of my list she is an editor's dream and -- right about. -- she's got this boyish -- she's ", 'year blend called than Albert Viola Davis in the hill  Rooney Mara  and girl with the dragon. To Meryl Streep in the iron to this I think if you route with the young actresses  Rooney Mara  only 27 would be the youngest in this category. She ', "the nominees year blend called than Albert Viola Davis in the hill Rooney Mara and girl with the dragon. To Meryl Streep in the iron lady Michelle Williams. It's a contest. Between Meryl Streep who everybody ", 'to -- this I think if you route with the young actresses Rooney Mara -- only 27 would be the youngest in this category. She was on the show and she seemed a little tentative about ', "brilliant performances in that category so it can go either way I mean I'm in the of wolves Meryl Streep. You know.  Rooney Mara  Michelle Williams. Glenn Close I can't even. For in my mind it could go there on the 46 year old woman had been ", "I mean I'm in the -- of wolves Meryl Streep. You know. Rooney Mara Michelle Williams. Glenn Close I can't even. For in my mind -- it could go there on the 46 year old woman ", 'from the help Michelle Williams scores for my week with Along with Glenn Close and that girl with the dragon tattoo  Rooney Mara . As expected Christopher Plummer leads the supporting actor category up against McNulty next Kenneth And Jonah Hill ', '-- Along with Glenn Close and that girl with the dragon tattoo Rooney Mara . As expected Christopher Plummer leads the supporting actor category up against McNulty next -- -- -- Kenneth -- And Jonah Hill who ', "available for black actresses. Mike Hanna this completely different from Merrill Streep or Michelle Williams or even  Rooney Mara . Glenn Close and not that they had it easy because they're women but. I. Do not sit. With 1015 scripts in front ", "this completely different from Merrill Streep or Michelle Williams or even -- Rooney Mara . -- Glenn Close and not that they had it easy because they're women but. I. Do not sit. With 1015 scripts in ", 'Just so spectacular. To Jennifer has to newcomer  Rooney Mara  all visions in white on the red carpets. And that is sort of year in which a black and white film the artist won best picture ', 'Just so spectacular. To Jennifer -- has to newcomer Rooney Mara all visions in white on the red carpets. And that is sort of -- -- year in which a black and white ']