["Africa's ambassador to the United States Ebrahim Rasool were among guests slated to speak at the ceremony. NEW YORK: The  Tribeca Film  Institute partnered with the Nelson Mandela Foundation to commemorate Mandela Day with a video display in Times Square ", 'were featured on Reddit, a news-sharing site in 2011. Her starring film, " Lil Bub & Friendz " premiered at the  Tribeca Film  Festival earlier this year and won the Tribeca Online Festival Best Feature Film.', 'her think, \'Well, it\'s about time Whoopi. It\'s about time.\'" Goldberg\'s film premiered last month at the  Tribeca Film  Festival. Like "This Week" on Facebook here . You can also follow the show on Twitter here . Go here to find out ', 'heard [about timing] is a lie because we don\'t know yet!" says the actress, 29, who is making the rounds at the  TriBeCa Film  Festival promoting "The Rider and the Storm," a 15-minute documentary about a Queens iron worker whose beach-side ', 'Spotted Around Town: Victoria Beckham Celebrates Her Birthday, Neil Patrick Harris Has Drinks With Friends-And More!', 'Emma Roberts Tweeted that she "had SO MUCH FUN" at the Thursday night premiere of her film "Adult World" at the  TriBeCa Film  Festival-but her night had only begun! Afterward, the 22-year-old actress sipped Ciroc cocktails at the after ', 'uninsured. This is only the second film for Reichert, 34, whose first, "Gerrymandering," premiered at the 2010  Tribeca Film  Festival; it was the first for Zaman, 29. RELATED: Medicaid Coverage Puts Emergency Dental Appointments Out of Reach ', 'so the design process of creating a couture dress made of gold was thrilling." The dress will make its debut at the  Tribeca Film  Festival for the premiere of a short film starring "True Blood\'s" Joe Manganiello on April 18.', 'Porn Before Puberty? Film Explores Childhood, Parenting in Sex-Saturated Culture', 'her budding sexuality to jack up her Facebook "likes." The documentary "Sexy Baby," which was featured at the  Tribeca Film  Festival, follows Winnifred\'s adolescence from age 12 to age 15, and delves into the world of porn before puberty ', 'York City and Los Angeles before being released on VOD in November. It had its world premiere earlier this year at the  Tribeca Film  Festival. "Porn isn\'t video anymore, it\'s on the Internet," Bauer, a former feature writer, told ABCNews ', 'teach their elders about new technology. That talk caught the attention of Craig Hatkoff, the co-founder of the  Tribeca Film  Festival . "It touched a chord in virtually anybody who saw it," said Hatkoff, who began mentoring Suarez through ', "Anailin de la Rua de la Torre, Javier Nunez Florian and Dariel Arrechada -- were expected to appear at New York's  Tribeca Film  Festival for the premiere. But Torre and Florian, both 19, were nowhere to be found the night of the event. Arrechada ", 'expected to appear at New York\'s  Tribeca Film  Festival for the premiere. But Only Dariel Arrechada attended the  Tribeca Film  Festival premiere screening of \'Una April 19," a spokeswoman for the  Tribeca Film  Festival said in a statement ', 'pair were sweetly affectionate at Wednesday\'s premiere of Segal\'s new film, "The Five-Year Engagement" at the  Tribeca Film  Festival. According to People magazine, as the screening ended, Segal gave Williams a kiss on the cheek as she rose ', "TriBeCa film  festival has only been around. For twelve years and for a city that doesn't always Finally the newcomers New York has really ", "TriBeCa film festival has only been around. For twelve years and for a city that doesn't always -- Finally the newcomers New York has ", "in this new film wrote me. Which is debuting at the  TriBeCa film  festival Ron held art and Jill Hennessy started drama you out of film is called Brody and it's now at the  TriBeCa film  festival. Keep your eyes peeled in the near future ", 'applies in this new film wrote me. Which is debuting at the TriBeCa film festival Ron held art and Jill Hennessy started -- drama about failed dreams and re connecting with your roots. Ron and Jill ', "out of film is called Brody and it's -- now at the TriBeCa film festival. Keep your eyes peeled -- in the near future thinks about the you for dropping by. And that's all we have ", "The  TriBeCa film  festival in New York doesn't even open for several weeks but some people already can't wait for closing night. Why because ", "The TriBeCa film festival in New York doesn't even open for several weeks but some people already can't wait for closing night. Why because the ", "but not just any martini will be. In a memo at the  tribeca film  festival bartenders were told explicitly only the following Pretty specific but sounds really good. Suddenly the  tribeca film  festival is very interesting. I think I'll love those ", 'but not just any martini will be. In a memo at the tribeca film festival bartenders were told explicitly only the following, please gin, no vermouth mixed with bottled cucbers and ice, shaken vigorously specifically says ', "mr. D. Doesn't spill. Pretty specific but sounds really good. Suddenly the tribeca film festival is very interesting. I think I'll love those movies. I think so. I think you will too. Finally, it's time for ", "abruptly left the polled say this was the tool of the The What it was is the to allegedly promised to do a song for the  TriBeCa film  festival. Which mr. de Niro and runs and its real passion questions on it. And for some reasons the song didn't ", "-- the -- to allegedly promised to do a song for the TriBeCa film festival. Which mr. de Niro and runs and its -- real passion questions on it. And for some reasons the song didn't ", "After a case of life imitating art to Cuban actor's traveling to New York City for the  TriBeCa film  festival. Have disappeared. The actor's picture here worse a remote of their family not check about the three teens that trying ", "imitating art to Cuban actor's traveling to New York City for the TriBeCa film festival. Have disappeared. The actor's picture here worse a remote of their family -- not check about the three teens that trying ", "years later people who do. Your father. We have no idea what I didn't no longer And and premiered Thursday at the  TriBeCa film  festival we're so happy to have. South and director Jason here to talk about it is so great to have you guys here ", "didn't no longer -- And -- and -- premiered Thursday at the TriBeCa film festival we're so happy to have. South and director Jason -- here to talk about it is so great to have you "]