['2010 for underprivileged children. Nadal also strives to bring tennis to disabled children through his foundation.  Rosario Dawson  The actress and singer chairs Voto Latino , an organization that encourages Latinos to mobilize and vote. She teaches ', 'PacificCoastNews.com It appears actress  Rosario Dawson  \'s May-December romance with "Slumdog Millionaire" director Danny Boyle may be over. At a recent press junket for their upcoming ', "meet with Obama about reform earlier this month.  Rosario Dawson , actress, @rosariodawson You don't see a ton immigration policy debate, but New York City-native  Rosario Dawson  is one of the people using her Hollywood pulpit ", "I love me some  Rosario Dawson --she's smart, talented, beautiful, and a proud feminist. Dream girl status. This fabulous outfit she wore out and about ", 'praise from the fashion world. Celebrity stylist Rachel Zoe called Kate\'s wardrobe choices "flawless." Actress  Rosario Dawson , who attended the BAFTA gala, also praised Kate\'s fashion sense. "I think Catherine seems very in her body ', "immerses himself in his work, and becomes the toast of Boston's Franklin Park Zoo, according to his colleague Kate ( Rosario Dawson ), and the lions, tigers and bears. The only animal he fails to win over is Bernie, a dejected gorilla in solitary ", 'Why Are Eva Longoria and Rosario Dawson  at the White House? Closed-Door Meetings to Build Support for Immigration Reform', 'the "kid" factor and changing facial features.  Rosario Dawson , Melonie Diaz and Lea Michele Four years ago, in younger version of a character portrayed in adulthood by  Rosario Dawson . Today, the 26-year-old Diaz could pass as a ', "was that going today. And I'm  Rosario Dawson  and Danny boils trance this was And seductive. Everything about  Rosario Dawson  in this thing happens. What is seizes it and walks away with so  Rosario Dawson . Coming. Best director who was ", "-- Best supporting actress who was that going today. And I'm -- Rosario Dawson and Danny boils trance this was a movie that never got the attention it deserves. Secretive. And seductive. Everything about Rosario Dawson in this -- thing happens. What is she really. -- really is she after her from these other characters in the movie you don't know until you see the movie. This is the kind of performance that -- -- career. Backward -- it's kind of breakthrough. It's the biggest trophies that and she seizes it and walks away with -- so Rosario Dawson . Coming. Best director who was the best director this year and I'm choosing a woman -- actor Sarah Polley. Who directed a ", "So I'd like you to close your eyes. Can imagine union home and elevated with velvet walls and they kind that's. as the doors close. What your eyes become happier. From the elevator begins to go down. You realize that this is the elevator relaxation. And now on the third floor. Going down. And you", 'The actress tells Peter she was first discovered while she was sitting on her New York City stoop.', "This young lady can jump from high style action adventure and sin city one minute to singing her heart out in a musical rent. The next no wonder Dawson. As one of Hollywood's most sought after leading ladies now she's starring opposite a man named Will Smith in a provocative new film. About the", "certainly not I don't what I would a case when a mom my mouth out with but luckily she never. Used hung on me like  Rosario dawson 's mom that she told the New York Times blog. Quote my mom me that was her punishment if I was little opt for the ", "with -- but luckily she never. Used -- hung on me like Rosario dawson's mom that she told the New York Times blog. Quote my mom -- me that was her punishment if I was little ", "to the one didn't. Just go. Greetings in salutation this turned out. I'm Christian Slater in this is lovely  Rosario Dawson  morning. It's great to so much excitement for retirement planning. HR sent here to talk to you about your retirement ", "in salutation this turned out. I'm Christian Slater in this is lovely Rosario Dawson morning. It's great to -- so much excitement for retirement planning. HR sent -- here to talk to you about your retirement ", "one didn't. Just go. For. Greetings and salutation is turned out. Hi I'm Christian Slater in this is lovely  Rosario Dawson  morning. It's great season excitement for retirement planning. Bob HR sent us here to talk to you about your retirement ", "salutation is turned out. Hi I'm Christian Slater in this is lovely Rosario Dawson morning. It's great season -- excitement for retirement planning. Bob HR sent us here to talk to you about your retirement program "]