['how-ryan-seacrest-is-creating-590400?AP  ROBIN WRIGHT : WHAT LED ME TO THE "MOST DANGEROUS violence, the "House of Cards"  actress  explains why she decided to take hollywoodreporter.com/news/ robin - wright -what-led-me-590399?AP ', 'Cards" stars Kevin Spacey and  Robin Wright  received acting bids, along filled in for "House of Cards"  actress  Kate Mara, kept in Santa Fe nominated again as best supporting  actress  in a drama for "Downton Abbey Bowen is up for supporting  actress  in a comedy for "Modern Family ', 'The Newsroom," HBO.  Actress , Drama Series: Vera Farmiga Homeland," Showtime;  Robin Wright , "House of Cards," Netflix Homeland," Showtime. Supporting  Actress , Drama Series: Anna Gunn Baldwin, "30 Rock," NBC.  Actress , Comedy Series: Laura Dern ', 'Veep Outstanding Supporting  Actress  in a Comedy Series Mayim Bialik Cards Mad Men Outstanding Lead  Actress  in a Drama Series Connie Britton Kerry Washington, Scandal  Robin Wright , House of Cards Outstanding Homeland Outstanding Supporting  Actress  in a Drama Series Anna Gunn ', 'The Primetime Emmy nominations for best  actress  in a television drama series have been announced in Los Angeles Elisabeth Moss, "Mad Men"; Kerry Washington, "Scandal";  Robin Wright , "House of Cards." The 65th Primetime Emmy Awards will ', 'of Cards," a tale of political intrigue, is aiming for a best drama series bid and nods for stars Kevin Spacey and  Robin Wright . "Arrested Development," the sitcom revived by Netflix after Fox canceled it, may get a best comedy series nod ', 'off the roster. Lead  Actress , Drama Predicted Nominees Washington, "Scandal";  Robin Wright , "House of Cards getting a nomination.  Robin Wright , who has returned to home the award. Lead  Actress , Comedy Predicted Nominees ', 'hunt. The series are tagged for possible top drama and comedy bids, with "House of Cards" stars Kevin Spacey and  Robin Wright  and "Arrested Development" cast members including Jason Bateman, Jeffrey Tambor and Jessica Walter seen as contenders ', 'hunt. The series are tagged for possible top drama and comedy bids, with "House of Cards" stars Kevin Spacey and  Robin Wright  and "Arrested Development" cast members including Jason Bateman, Jeffrey Tambor and Jessica Walter seen as contenders ', 'stars, including the latest by  Sean Penn  . In the January 2013 issue with the likes of Madonna ,  Robin Wright  and Scarlett Johansson , no from 1985 to 1989. He married  actress Robin Wright  in 1996 and they had two children ', "surprised hubby Freddie Prinze Jr. by showing him her new driver's license. In the wake of her divorce to  Sean Penn ,  Robin Wright  has dropped his name from hers. But she'll always be Princess Buttercup to us.", 'Buckle your seatbelts. Comedic  actress  and writer Ali Wentworth has a new book that embraces the intimate Michael Keaton, Sandra Bernhardt, and once, the gorgeous  Robin Wright . All brought by other people. For us, getting the guy ', 'last linked to  Sean Penn , Naylor is the Un-Birthday" party the  actress  threw for herself very difficult."  Sean Penn  Following her breakup relationship with  Sean Penn  , then 50, at recently divorced from  Robin Wright Penn , did not want ', "that got a standing things really went ever bought anything  actress  what like she's Octavia Spencer his mother. Tremendous Naomi Watts who also has a movie called two mothers where and  Robin Wright . mothers who've been friends and grow but they have teenage ", "year that got a standing -- things really went ever bought anything actress what like she's Octavia Spencer -- his mother. Tremendous performance she's also one of the producers who helped get it made it ", "usher. And a colorful showstopper featuring little Green.  Actress  Gwyneth Paltrow and puppets. A poignant moment as Aretha Well you know they're getting another standing ovation from  Robin Wright  hit these turns out let me tell you He really did and Barbara ", 'mentor usher. And a colorful showstopper featuring -- -- -- little Green. Actress Gwyneth Paltrow and puppets. A poignant moment as Aretha Franklin too ill to attend shared thoughts on video. I want to thank ']