["already in France and, according to People magazine, Justin Timberlake, James Franco, Matt Damon, Michael Douglas and  Rooney Mara  will also attend. How Will They Get Around? Last year, Sean Penn arrived on a yacht -- and he's not alone. Robert ", "Rhoda or Norwich will ask them. The event itself is always hosted by honorary co-chairs. This year it is hosted by  Rooney Mara  and Givenchy's Tisci (both appropriate hosts for the dark punk-themed event). Beyonce has also been added to ", 'stars Casey Affleck, who escapes from prison to reunite with his outlaw wife, "Girl With the Dragon Tattoo\'s"  Rooney Mara . Uplifting? Probably not. Worth checking out? Yes. 10. James Franco getting freaky. Namely with a documentary ', 'Gosling . The "Drive" star, along with "Shame\'s" Michael Fassbender and "Girl with the Dragon Tattoo" actress  Rooney Mara , showed up at the Spooky Skedaddle 5K, a fundraiser for the Texas School for the Deaf Foundation\'s Language for ', 'and the Deathly Hallows: Part 2  Rooney Mara , The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo Melissa McCarthy, Bridesmaids  Rooney Mara , The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo Elizabeth Banks, The Hunger Games  Rooney Mara , The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo ', 'She promoted "Liberal Arts," her new film with "How I Met Your Mother\'s" Josh Radnor, at Sundance this year.  Rooney Mara  Mara first caught the attention of Hollywood with her small but pivotal role in 2010\'s "The Social Network." It ', "other stylists on the Reporter's list have dressed some of Hollywood's hottest actresses, including Sofia Vergara,  Rooney Mara , Octavia Butler and, yes, Angelina Jolie. Remember that black velvet dress with the thigh-high split that stole ", 'statement." On the red carpet Viola thanked Wang for her emerald dress and her mother for styling her natural hair.  Rooney Mara  stunned in white Givenchy with thick straps and plunging round neckline, fitted bodice and a train made of illet layers ', 'fit for a best actress contender. 5:47 p.m. ET: "Girl with the Dragon Tattoo" star and best actress nominee  Rooney Mara  is on the carpet in a plunging white number. Still has the signature, cropped "Dragon Tattoo" bob. 5:31 p.m ', 'lock on the best actress race, but Viola Davis, star of "The Help," and "The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo" star  Rooney Mara  were closing the gap. "The issue is how much people love \'The Help\' versus \'The Iron Lady,\'" said Adams, believing ', 'vying for the best actress Oscar, but the race comes down to two: Meryl Streep and Viola Davis . Sorry Glenn Close,  Rooney Mara  and Michelle Williams, Streep and Davis have been racking up the prizes this awards season, and one of them will likely ', 'Chastain had a recurring job on "Law and Order: Trial by Jury" playing Assistant District Attorney Sigrun Bor. 3.  Rooney Mara  Rooney guest-starred on two episodes during the final season of "ER." She played a young woman facing the challenge ', 'animated film? A. Berenice Bejo B. Viola Davis C.  Rooney Mara  D. Melissa McCarthy E. Meryl Streep 2. The Stepford that featured George Clooney? A. Jessica Chastain B.  Rooney Mara  C. Octavia Spencer D. Chastain and Mara E. Mara and ', "somebody we don't know who she is she's got secrets all kinds of things are happening with. She's fascinating and  Rooney Mara  you win my award. Best supporting actor who he's going to win that award well I'm giving that want to Chris because ", "got secrets all kinds of things are happening with. She's fascinating and Rooney Mara you win my award. Best supporting actor who he's going to win that award well I'm giving that want to Chris because ", "But just message. To ensure continuing there. Person here. Christmas her talk. If this an emergency couldn't make its. Stand. Kenyans from win. You can Costa. Community. Hi everybody I'm Peter Travers and this is popcorn we we tell you what is happening at the movies and I'm telling you there's a", 'central character girl with the dragon tattoo. with many challenges. Namely the piercing the tattoos the attitude.  Rooney Mara  talked with film critic Peter Travers some popcorn about the challenges of playing such a beloved character. Check ', 'tattoo. -- with many challenges. Namely the piercing the tattoos the attitude. Rooney Mara talked with film critic Peter Travers some popcorn about the challenges of playing such a beloved character. Check out this rough cut. ', "'Girl With the Dragon Tattoo' Interview: Rooney Mara  - Princess of U.S's First Family of NFL", "You. How do. Something wrong with the yeah. program those who are interested in books there's nothing to change your opinion of him isn't. Scene yeah. You discouraging. Presented today When there is you are making and the and looked a little bit and a monitor or edit video or something you. Why it", "'The Girl with The Dragon Tattoo' Interview: Rooney Mara  Discusses Becoming Iconic Character", "Story and me any. Good you think you thought. I'm the guy you know better than my closest friends When personal personal. girlfriend. Hello everybody you have just seen a scene from the girl with the dragon tattoo starring and very cleverly rooting hard. Ours here right after the that we just"]