['Michael Applebaum faces 14 counts including fraud, breach of trust and conspiracy', "Ottawa (CNN) -- Montreal's interim mayor, Michael Applebaum, was arrested and charged early Monday with 14 criminal counts including fraud, breach of trust and conspiracy.", 'Quebec police said the charges involve at least two Montreal real estate transactions from 2006 to 2011 and hundreds of thousands of dollars traded hands.', '"These allegations rest essentially on obtaining permission and political support on two real estate projects," said Capt. Andre Boulanger of the Surete du Quebec, the province\'s police force. He would not confirm or deny if the charges involve bribes or ties to gangsters and organized crime.', 'Applebaum took over the mayor\'s job in November after Gerald Tremblay resigned amid corruption allegations. At the time, Applebaum vowed to "end an era of sleaze" at Montreal City Hall.', 'From 2006 to 2011, Applebaum served as the borough mayor of a large suburb of Montreal. During this time he also served on the city council.', 'Commenting at a police news conference Monday, the head of Quebec\'s anti-corruption squad, Cmdr. Robert LaFreniere, said, "We can no longer tolerate these reprehensible acts committed towards the management of our public institutions. The values of ethics and integrity must remain at the heart of the actions taken by our elected officials."', 'Officers said the investigation began in March after they received what they described as "solid" evidence from members of the public. Quebec police say the investigation continues and they are not ruling out more arrests.', 'This is the most recent explosive allegation to rock the city of Montreal as the details of an insidious corruption scandal have been laid bare at a province-wide inquiry. Testimony at that inquiry has outlined widespread corruption allegations and close relationships between elected officials, city employees, contractors and even organized crime.', 'This South Korean couple has spent many of the past 60 years believing the other was dead. In fact, he was held prisoner by the North. ', 'The world finally knows how to address the latest addition to the British royal family: HRH Prince George Alexander Louis of Cambridge.', 'Captured on tape: A train derailed and snapped in two as it hurtled around a curve in Spain, killing 80 people.', 'Sinkholes are devouring 20 million square meters of land on the northern Chinese plain, destroying homes and displacing families. ', 'Posters offering a reward for information about Nazis still living in Germany have been put up in three cities. ', "CNN's Ivan Watson is given rare access to the opening of a cemetery for war veterans in North Korea's capital. ", 'From laptops to cars, the products you take for granted are made using African minerals.', '"He\'s got her looks, thankfully," said Prince William. Check out the first photos of the long-awaited royal baby. ', 'George H.W. Bush shaves his head to support a two-year-old with leukemia whose father is part of the Secret Service.', "They've long been considered topics that aren't polite to discuss at the dinner table. And as it turns out, they're touchy on Wikipedia as well. "]