['Brazilian students protest against the rise in public transport fares in downtown Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, on June 13, 2013. ', 'Riot police fire tear gas and rubber bullets into crowds of thousands in Sao Paulo', 'Protesters want officials to revoke recent increases in public transportation costs', 'Daily newspaper Folha de S. Paulo says 7 of its reporters were shot with rubber bullets', 'Sao Paulo, Brazil (CNN) -- Riot police fired tear gas and rubber bullets into crowds when thousands of people took to the streets of Sao Paulo on Thursday night to protest an increase in bus and metro fares.', "At least 100 people were injured and more than 120 were arrested in the violent clashes, occurring exactly one year before the World Cup kicks off in Brazil's financial capital.", 'It was the latest in a string of protests staged in Sao Paulo, Rio de Janeiro and other cities over the last week aimed at getting officials to revoke recent increases in public transportation costs.', 'Between 5,000 and 10,000 protesters gathered in front of the Municipal Theater in downtown Sao Paulo at 5 p.m. and then started marching through the streets, where a huge police presence waited.', 'When police began to fire tear gas and rubber bullets, protesters shouted "fascist police" and ran in different directions.', 'Protesters said no warning was given before the tear gas and bullets were used. A CNN team also did not hear any warnings or demands to stop before the measures were taken.', 'In previous marches, the government has accused protesters of initiating violence, and protesters have said police used excessive violence to try to stop marchers.', 'On Tuesday night, protesters set a bus on fire and smashed the windows of at least nine banks. On Thursday night, CNN witnessed protesters spraying walls with graffiti and throwing rocks.', 'The daily newspaper Folha de S. Paulo reported that seven of its reporters were shot with rubber bullets.', 'A witness saw police shoot Giuiliana Vallone and told the paper: "When she told me to get out of the way because of the chaos, a policeman looked and cowardly shot her."', 'Another TV reporter told CNN that she and her crew were deliberately sprayed with pepper spray by police when they filmed them arresting protesters.', 'The marchers were protesting an increase in bus and metro fares to 3.20 reais ($1.55) from 3 reais.', '"For a lot of us, it\'s just the final straw," said a metro operator who was participating in the march. "We just pay more and more for something that isn\'t worth it."', 'This South Korean couple has spent many of the past 60 years believing the other was dead. In fact, he was held prisoner by the North. ', 'The world finally knows how to address the latest addition to the British royal family: HRH Prince George Alexander Louis of Cambridge.', 'Captured on tape: A train derailed and snapped in two as it hurtled around a curve in Spain, killing 80 people.', 'Sinkholes are devouring 20 million square meters of land on the northern Chinese plain, destroying homes and displacing families. ', 'Posters offering a reward for information about Nazis still living in Germany have been put up in three cities. ', "CNN's Ivan Watson is given rare access to the opening of a cemetery for war veterans in North Korea's capital. ", 'From laptops to cars, the products you take for granted are made using African minerals.', '"He\'s got her looks, thankfully," said Prince William. Check out the first photos of the long-awaited royal baby. ', 'George H.W. Bush shaves his head to support a two-year-old with leukemia whose father is part of the Secret Service.', "They've long been considered topics that aren't polite to discuss at the dinner table. And as it turns out, they're touchy on Wikipedia as well. "]