["One of the big names out there was  Rosie O ' Donnell  but and not quite true. Now has gotten out there that  Rosie  is not going to replace Oprah but instead. Work for her pal  Rosie  we'll have her own show back on ", "who's gonna replace -- One of the big names out there was Rosie O'Donnell but -- -- and not quite true. Now -- -- has gotten out there that Rosie is not going to replace Oprah but instead. Work for her pal Rosie we'll have her own show back on Oprah's new network that you all that -- broadcasting debut on January the first. They've will be produced by O'Donnell -- -- one -- daily show based right here in New York City sometime next year when the Oprah Winfrey network. Watch is in January. Citing questions -- Networks going to be like the dear Rosie I think a lot of people -- interest and watch it's it's it's a big -- she isn't it interesting image controversial ", "with more on the health scare for  rosie o ' donnell . On her blog, in verse, he revealed one they call the widowmaker.  Rosie  says it's a miracle she's alive. Reporter:  Rosie o ' donnell  says a television commercial saved ", "IT'S SNACKING GOOD. We're back with more on the health scare for rosie o'donnell . On her blog, in verse, he revealed he suffered a heart attack last week, the one they call the widowmaker. Rosie says it's a miracle she's alive. Reporter: Rosie o'donnell says a television commercial saved her life. One genuine bayer has enough aspirin to save your life during a heart attack. Reporter: ", "And we learned yesterday that  rosie o ' donnell  had a heart attack. And although Reporter: Two new tweets today from  rosie o ' donnell  letting the world know she's Richard besser is here. What did  rosie  do, she got the symptoms, why ", 'killer among women as well as men. And we learned yesterday that rosie o\'donnell had a heart attack. And although she survived, she said she made one mistake that could have cost her her life. Abc\'s amy robach tells us why. Reporter: Two new tweets today from rosie o\'donnell letting the world know she\'s "feeling good" and tweeting this picture saying she\'s eating heart healthy. This following her bombshell blog detailing ', "tonight when Oprah Winfrey brought  Rosie O ' Donnell  back alive with a daily show at her own network. And I shall see  Rosie  is this funny and state. As happened away from me enormously successful  Rosie O ' Donnell  show. Want her in the arm and ", "not been on television. But that changed tonight when Oprah Winfrey brought Rosie O'Donnell back alive with a daily show at 7 PM on her own network. And I shall see Rosie is this funny and -- state. As happened. You know. Okay. Rosie on these sensors and what I. Just hours ago when your new program and boom goes to show. It's your day went ", "I don't. And tens and she walked away from me enormously successful Rosie O'Donnell show. Want her in the arm and then get all. The -- third and fourth is a lot different than -- 49. ", "Can't live now from the set of the  Rosie  show here is  Rosie O ' Donnell  good morning  Rosie  I don't. Good morning how am I am doing go live live and up. My first show the  Rosie O ' Donnell  show was actually live right there from ", "Can't live now from the set of the Rosie show here is Rosie O'Donnell good morning Rosie I don't. Good morning how am I am doing great that you know that we decide you said you can edit out some parts just there in the piece by -- that's not true all live tonight. Yes -- really made a big decision that we were actually gonna go live live and up. My first show the Rosie O'Donnell show was actually live -- right there from New York. So have to do -- about to test shows we all got ", "A big day for  Rosie O ' Donnell  and Oprah talk about high powered collaborations.  Rosie  will move tonight into the exact studio it's morning again new show boom  Rosie O ' Donnell . I caught up with her in Chicago last ", "A big day for Rosie O'Donnell and Oprah talk about high powered collaborations. Rosie will move tonight into the exact studio we're Oprah broadcaster legendary show. As she launches her own nightly talk show on the own network. We've talked to Rosie live in just a minute but first Nightline anchor Cynthia McFadden takes a look at how it's all coming together behind the scenes. And Good Morning America. This is what I look like in the morning it's morning again new show boom Rosie O'Donnell . I caught up with her in Chicago last week to get a special behind the scenes look I. Notice that I know ", "called me. I am just buckle our top. verses well  Rosie O ' Donnell  turns out that  Rosie O ' Donnell 's taking issue with Lindsay Lohan being cast of but Steve Mahoney fired back saying I think  Rosie  should focus on her own career and stop worrying ", "me. I am just buckle -- our top. -- -- verses well Rosie O'Donnell turns out that Rosie O'Donnell's taking issue with Lindsay Lohan being cast to play Elizabeth Taylor union made -- TV movie about Liz Taylor and Richard Burton's ", "I'm Cynthia McFadden. The can  Rosie O ' Donnell  is back on daytime television wouldn't do we travel with  Rosie O ' Donnell  to Louisiana. Seven Nightline prayers get answered. Well when  Rosie O ' Donnell  couldn't get those trailers ", "watching our Internet edition of Nightline I'm Cynthia McFadden. The can -- Rosie O'Donnell is back on daytime television as a co host of ABC's the view. And she's as outspoken as ever especially when it comes to the often forgotten victims of Hurricane Katrina. But comes of those victim she's doing with the government couldn't or wouldn't do we travel with Rosie O'Donnell to Louisiana. Seven -- -- Nightline went to Baton Rouge to investigate what life was like the 3000 survivors of Katrina. The ", "that film -- How did -- -- prayers get answered. Well when Rosie O'Donnell couldn't get those trailers into the front gates she decided to help get at least some of the people out. But that's just the start of the story. Last Friday Rosie O'Donnell took me to meet mr. -- and -- would become of those infamous trailers. As we sit -- -- about it. -- ", "you get this sixty -- -- it -- important. Liquidity is over Rosie O'Donnell has been down hugged kissed and high five to wade through this new community square which she -- an enormous team of ", "the infamous showdown between  Rosie O ' Donnell  and her cohost Elisabeth Hasselbeck like this again. So when did  Rosie O ' Donnell  in Lowell was over her streets relationship will not change as for  Rosie O ' Donnell  does seem like she has at least ", "this morning to a whole new view right the infamous showdown between Rosie O'Donnell and her cohost Elisabeth Hasselbeck. While the ABC show -- -- was back. Rosie is not so what really happened behind the scenes is only one man to bring us the answer John Berman you've had the task of looking after this Woody's. It's being -- Chris thanks very much for the last year the -- has -- one part soap opera one part professional wrestling but no more today is the first day. Without Rosie -- the question remains what was the final straw that pushed her over the edge. And -- the show survive without her. You'll never see -- view quite like this again. So when did Rosie O'Donnell in Lowell was over her -- -- streets it was over. This is from O'Donnell's own videoblogger seen here with -- friends ", "the show really have to maintain that up a notch quality that Rosie took -- two. They can no longer just come in and talk about what movie they saw that -- if they really have to talk about substantial political things. In his statement Barbara Walters said Rosie contributed to one of our most exciting and successful years at the view I -- most appreciated. Our close and affectionate relationship will not change as for Rosie O'Donnell does seem like she has at least a touch of nostalgia. On her blog but a new music video montage. Pictures over time with the new. Including one of Elisabeth Hasselbeck. So what's next for Rosie Rosie says if she comes back to television she wanted to be in a more peaceful setting. More peaceful. End -- -- ", "Eleven time Emmy winner  Rosie O ' Donnell  joins us this morning back on her own kids to watch TV. And  Rosie O ' Donnell  today Christian and next chapter.  Rosie O ' Donnell  here hi good morning good morning ", "Eleven time Emmy winner Rosie O'Donnell joins us this morning back on live TV with us right here. A year now since she left the view an over ", "queen of TV doesn't allow her own kids to watch TV. And Rosie O'Donnell today Christian and next chapter. Rosie O'Donnell -- here hi good morning good morning great to see you. So I don't go back and rehash all the -- stuff ", "TV personality  Rosie O ' Donnell  is crediting the Internet for saving her life following a serious heart attack former TV host took an aspirin. After she noticed ", "TV personality Rosie O'Donnell is crediting the Internet for saving her life following a serious heart attack -- former TV host took an aspirin. After she ", "Nightline's Cynthia McFadden has the talk show host answer rapid-fire questions.", "beyond the obstacles although people who inspire us they're smart they're created compassionate. Their drive we  Rosie O ' Donnell . Who inspired her. Person to inspired me in my life was my seventh grade math teacher pat Who somehow sought kid ", "inspire us -- they're smart they're created compassionate. Their drive we -- Rosie O'Donnell . Who inspired her. Person to inspired me in my life was my seventh grade math teacher pat -- -- Who somehow sought ", "year I guess it is so who is going to be the next Oprah could it be.  Rosie O ' Donnell  and what's old is new again C apparently planning to develop a new reclaiming no one can replace Oprah nobody can replace them now but  Rosie  might", "so who is going to be the next Oprah could it be. Rosie O'Donnell and what's old is new again C apparently planning to develop a new talk show she's already met with a team of "]