['Students protest against the rise in public bus and subway fares in Sao Paulo on Tuesday.', 'The protests are led by a group calling for free or cheaper transportation fares', "(CNN) -- Police arrested 25 demonstrators after clashes Tuesday in the streets of Brazil's largest city, protest organizers said.", 'Under heavy rain, thousands of demonstrators took to the streets to protest planned increases in public transportation fares in Sao Paulo. The protests were led by a group known as Free Fare, which advocates free or cheaper public transportation.', 'Police in riot gear clashed with protesters and set off tear gas, images from CNN affiliate Band News showed.', "Some demonstrators turned violent, damaging a metro station and setting fire to several public buses in one of Sao Paulo's busiest streets, according to Band News footage.", "This is the third time the group, mostly composed of young protesters, has taken to the streets. Tuesday's demonstration was the most violent one so far.", "In a post on Free Fare's official blog, one of the group's members, Daniel Guimaraes Terschitsch, accused police of starting the violence.", 'Transportation authorities in Sao Paulo recently increased bus and metro fares from 3 reais (about $1.40) to 3.20 reais (about $1.50).', 'This South Korean couple has spent many of the past 60 years believing the other was dead. In fact, he was held prisoner by the North. ', 'The world finally knows how to address the latest addition to the British royal family: HRH Prince George Alexander Louis of Cambridge.', 'Captured on tape: A train derailed and snapped in two as it hurtled around a curve in Spain, killing 80 people.', 'Sinkholes are devouring 20 million square meters of land on the northern Chinese plain, destroying homes and displacing families. ', 'Posters offering a reward for information about Nazis still living in Germany have been put up in three cities. ', "CNN's Ivan Watson is given rare access to the opening of a cemetery for war veterans in North Korea's capital. ", 'From laptops to cars, the products you take for granted are made using African minerals.', '"He\'s got her looks, thankfully," said Prince William. Check out the first photos of the long-awaited royal baby. ', 'George H.W. Bush shaves his head to support a two-year-old with leukemia whose father is part of the Secret Service.', "They've long been considered topics that aren't polite to discuss at the dinner table. And as it turns out, they're touchy on Wikipedia as well. "]