['Supporters say his popularity shows growing frustration with corrupt politicians', '(CNN) -- Voters in the eastern Mexican city of Xalapa should be tired of voting for rats, one campaign slogan suggests.', 'The black and white feline named Morris has popped up on campaign posters and garnered a devoted social media following, with more than 100,000 likes on his Facebook page.', "Morris' name isn't on the official ballot for the city's July 7 mayoral election. But his supporters say his growing popularity shows widespread frustration with corrupt politicians, known as rats in local lingo.", 'The surreal tale of a cat campaigning first picked up steam with local media coverage, then quickly caught the eye of national and international media.', 'Now, Morris has a website featuring a slick campaign video telling his story, and a red and blue picture of the cat that looks like the well-known portrait of U.S. President Barack Obama that became popular during his 2008 campaign.', '"Facing the quantity of rats that lurk in these posts," the feline\'s Facebook page says, "only a cat can bring order."', 'His campaign platform? He "promises nothing more than the rest of the candidates: To rest and to frolic."', 'This South Korean couple has spent many of the past 60 years believing the other was dead. In fact, he was held prisoner by the North. ', 'The world finally knows how to address the latest addition to the British royal family: HRH Prince George Alexander Louis of Cambridge.', 'Captured on tape: A train derailed and snapped in two as it hurtled around a curve in Spain, killing 80 people.', 'Sinkholes are devouring 20 million square meters of land on the northern Chinese plain, destroying homes and displacing families. ', 'Posters offering a reward for information about Nazis still living in Germany have been put up in three cities. ', "CNN's Ivan Watson is given rare access to the opening of a cemetery for war veterans in North Korea's capital. ", 'From laptops to cars, the products you take for granted are made using African minerals.', '"He\'s got her looks, thankfully," said Prince William. Check out the first photos of the long-awaited royal baby. ', 'George H.W. Bush shaves his head to support a two-year-old with leukemia whose father is part of the Secret Service.', "They've long been considered topics that aren't polite to discuss at the dinner table. And as it turns out, they're touchy on Wikipedia as well. "]