['Family" star tweeted an adorable pic of his wedding cake topper with the line, "Top of the world. Top of the cake!"  Rose McGowan  Got Engaged Marilyn Manson\'s former flame, 39, is getting married to Davey Detail, McGowan\'s rep confirms to ', 'Clinton attended a "Nights in Monaco" fundraising gala. At least two other celebrities, actresses Diane Kruger and  Rose McGowan , were in attendance . The porn stars with whom Clinton posed were Tasha Reign and Brooklyn Lee, TMZ reported Wednesday ', 'it was the lengthiest scene in Wes [Craven\'s] career. It was the big killing scene, and it was just crazy."  Rose McGowan . McGowan\'s character, Tatum Riley, suffered one of the most gruesome deaths in "Scream," meeting her end in ', "Controversial music maker Hotties Who've Been Spotted On His Arm: Parker Posey, Traci Lords, Jenna Jameson,  Rose McGowan , Dita Von Tesse, Evan Rachel Wood (above), Isani Griffith, Stoya His Hotness: -1 Their Hotness: 10 His Type ", 'as brooding anti-hero Wray and  Rose McGowan  as go-go dancer Cherry, battling leg, and then I backtracked it,  Rose McGowan , and talked to her about doing haven\'t." I go, "Oh, this is  Rose McGowan . She\'s the girl with a machine ', 'nearly 40%, perhaps reflecting increasing involvement of women in the filmmaking. "It was getting depressing," says  Rose McGowan , who will play the title comic-book vixen in "Red Sonja", due in 2010. "I was getting scripts to play the straight ', 'Grindhouse," titled "Planet Terror," is a zombie flick set in a desolate Texas town. Actors Freddie Rodriguez and  Rose McGowan  catch the thorny assignment of killing off the undead. McGowan plays a go-go dancer named Cherry, Rodriguez says ', 'woman with a broken engagement to shock-rocker Marilyn Manson in her past would have had her fill of the occult, but  Rose McGowan  is apparently game for more gothic weirdness. The former Mrs. Manson-to-be appears to have won the hearts of Spelling ', 'woman with a broken engagement to shock-rocker Marilyn Manson in her past would have had her fill of the occult, but  Rose McGowan  is apparently game for more gothic weirdness. The former Mrs. Manson-to-be appears to have won the hearts of Spelling ', 'woman with a broken engagement to shock-rocker Marilyn Manson in her past would have had her fill of the occult, but  Rose McGowan  is apparently game for more gothic weirdness. The former Mrs. Manson-to-be appears to have won the hearts of Spelling ', 'woman with a broken engagement to shock-rocker Marilyn Manson in her past would have had her fill of the occult, but  Rose McGowan  is apparently game for more gothic weirdness. The former Mrs. Manson-to-be appears to have won the hearts of Spelling ', "actually say that's jumping seven at daylight at a I think you're right about that. Rodriguez's terror planets stars  Rose McGowan  is chairing a go go dancer who Freddy Rodriguez is re. Battles a bunch of flesh eating zombies. Some of whom eat cherries ", "I think you're right about that. -- -- Rodriguez's terror planets stars Rose McGowan is chairing a go go dancer who -- Freddy Rodriguez is re. Battles a bunch of flesh eating zombies. Some of whom "]