["Barack Obama's 'Bodyman' Reggie Love Discusses Leaving White House, How His Parents Guided Him", "Barack Obama's 'Bodyman' Reggie Love Discusses Leaving White House, His Job's Perks", 'President Obama\'s "bodyman" speaks with  Rachel Nichols  on benefits of his job.', 'it. Tonight, we team up with our espn colleague  rachel nichols  for one triumphant return. At the beginning of this hurdles of his own. The coach with our colleague  rachel nichols . What were used to do? The simplest things that ', 'for him on it. Tonight, we team up with our espn colleague rachel nichols for one triumphant return. At the beginning of this season the head coach of the indianapolis colts chuck pagano faced heavy odds. ', "was facing tremendous hurdles of his own. The coach with our colleague rachel nichols . What were used to do? The simplest things that you couldn't do anymore? Getting out of bed, going to the restroom, brushing ", "after Oklahoma City Thunder in five games ESPN's  Rachel Nichols  talked to LeBron and company in after. Yeah. No folks back at the home office for and much more from  Rachel Nichols  and her exclusive interview on ESPN throughout the", "at long last after -- Oklahoma City Thunder in five games ESPN's Rachel Nichols talked to LeBron and company in -- after. Yeah. No we -- BA champions you know -- dream come true for us. ", 'back at the home office for -- -- and much more from Rachel Nichols and her exclusive interview on ESPN throughout the -- ', 'House is peeling back the curtain. In this ABC news exclusive with  Rachel Nichols  of our sister network ESP yet. love has been a constant presence passenger on an amazing an amazing journey. Reporting for ABC news  Rachel Nichols  yes', 'is peeling back the curtain. In this ABC news exclusive with -- Rachel Nichols of our sister network ESP yet. -- -- love has been a constant presence just feet away from President Obama since we ', 'passenger on an amazing -- an amazing journey. Reporting for ABC news Rachel Nichols yes -- ', "900000. Miles with the president but now. He's moving on  Rachel Nichols  a correspondent for our sister network ESPN. Join Reggie Love passenger on an amazing amazing journey for Nightline this is  Rachel Nichols  in Washington.", "traveled nearly 900000. Miles with the president but now. He's moving on Rachel Nichols a correspondent for our sister network ESPN. Join Reggie Love for one of his last days at the White House appreciates. The ", 'very long passenger on an amazing amazing journey for Nightline this is Rachel Nichols in Washington. ', "he's moving on. In an ABC news exclusive he took  Rachel Nichols  our sister network ESP and behind the scenes at the run an amazing journey for Good Morning America from  Rachel Nichols  ESPN. That a body man great job.", "and now he's moving on. In an ABC news exclusive he took Rachel Nichols our sister network ESP and behind the scenes at the White House President Obama. On May be a lefty but for the ", 'on an amazing run an amazing journey for Good Morning America from Rachel Nichols ESPN. That a body man great job. ', "weeks the basketball phenom has become a household name in last night that Cinderella story the bump. But ESPN's  Rachel Nichols  tonight just sitting down with moments ago beginning with the question we all Ask. How would you describe insanity ", "name in last night that Cinderella story -- the bump. But ESPN's Rachel Nichols tonight just sitting down with -- -- moments ago beginning with the question we all -- -- Ask. How would you describe ", "James and Dwyane Wade of the Miami Heat. ESPN's  Rachel Nichols  about their bond that goes way beyond basketball best friends these. For Good Morning America I'm  Rachel Nichols  Miami. And the NBA finals Begin tomorrow night right ", "LeBron James and Dwyane Wade of the Miami Heat. -- -- ESPN's Rachel Nichols about their bond that goes way beyond basketball. Teens often create momentary friendships. Temporary brotherhood that can dissolve almost as quickly as ", "season with -- -- best friends these. For Good Morning America I'm Rachel Nichols Miami. And the NBA finals Begin tomorrow night right here on ABC with the NBA countdown at 830 followed by game one. ", "taking on the Miami Heat and for a lot of people. That means these finals are good guys vs bad guys here's ESPN's  Rachel Nichols . They his Jersey in the streets. That's how much hatred erupted last summer when the James Cleveland for Miami ", "That means these finals are good guys vs bad guys here's ESPN's Rachel Nichols . They -- his Jersey in the streets. That's how much hatred erupted last summer when the -- James -- Cleveland for Miami. ", "time Grand Slam champ returns of the place. That was once her family's home to noble. Exclusive report ESPN's  Rachel Nichols  Jewish over on her journey. Back. When everything's destroyed. What grows in its place. The respectively. My ", "That was once her family's home to -- noble. Exclusive report ESPN's Rachel Nichols Jewish -- over on her journey. Back. When everything's destroyed. What grows in its place. The respectively. -- ", "Grand Slam champ returns of the place. That was once her family's home to show noble. Exclusive reporting ESPN's  Rachel Nichols  Jewish over on her journey back. When everything's destroyed. List grows in its place. The mistakenly. whatever ", "That was once her family's home to show noble. Exclusive reporting ESPN's Rachel Nichols Jewish -- over on her journey back. When everything's destroyed. List grows in its place. The mistakenly. -- ", "And joining us with more is ESPN's  Rachel Nichols  I body man. That's what he's call yet people think that means body guard but it Baghdad and it means the personal aide to ", "And joining us with more is ESPN's Rachel Nichols I body man. That's what -- he's call yet people think that means body guard but it Baghdad and it means the ", "your child's coach. Be a convicted sex offender  Rachel Nichols  of correspond that it sixty that's a newsmagazine in this I'm really upset about it. Any sixties  Rachel Nichols  joins us now great to see you Rachel haven't think ", "Could your child's coach. Be a convicted sex offender Rachel Nichols of correspond that it -- sixty that's a newsmagazine. On our sister network ESPN well -- discover that despite background checks accused ", "that He thinks in this I'm really upset about it. Any sixties Rachel Nichols joins us now great to see you Rachel -- haven't -- think. But He -- mandatory checks about -- -- background checks "]