['was built in the 1920s and is the "crown jewel" of Miami Beach. Star Island is also home to celebrities such as  Rosie O \' Donnell , P. Diddy and Gloria Estefan. "This is not an $8 million house. The value of the property is in the land ', 'on "Celebrity Apprentice."  Rosie O \' Donnell  Another co-host who left after stirring controversy,  Rosie O \' Donnell  took over for Vieira in September O\'Donnell married second wife,  Michelle Rounds , and they adopted a baby girl ', 'stories for the show." Canceling  Rosie O \' Donnell \'s Show There was widespread excitement announcement that Winfrey was bringing  Rosie O \' Donnell  back to television with her own premiering in October 2011, "The  Rosie  Show" faltered in ratings, bringing ', "@ rosie  via Instagram  Rosie O ' Donnell  and her wife,  Michelle Rounds  , have welcomed a baby girl. O'Donnell, 50, made the surprise announcement on Twitter today, along with a photo of the couple and their new daughter, whom they named Dakota ", 'tweeted. Trump renewed his feud with  Rosie O \' Donnell , with whom he has famously feuded Trump tweeted at Cher, "Like @ Rosie O \' Donnell , a total loser!" O\'Donnell had suffered a heart attack. "@ Rosie , get better fast. I\'m starting ', 'celebrities to send me a box of their junk. My favorite pieces are where the celebrity sends me their junk, like  Rosie O \' Donnell , George Lopez or Phyllis Diller. She sent me, like, 20 boxes of stuff," said Mecier. When asked if Honey Boo ', "@ Rosie /Twitter Sandy's widespread destruction hit home for some celebrities.  Rosie O ' Donnell  shared the above photograph of what was left of her backyard, after Sandy slammed into her $5.9 million estate along the Hudson ", 'on the set of her show "Gossip Girl."  Rosie O \' Donnell  and  Michelle Rounds Rosie O \' Donnell  had been planning an August wedding with fiancee  Michelle Rounds . Instead, the pair quietly married just ', "Daytime could get even more crowded, with Kardashian matriarch Kris Jenner as the latest media personality to throw her hat into the talk show ring in the battle for Oprah Winfrey's daytime throne . Deadline Hollywood reported that Jenner is in talks with Twentieth Television to host her own", "After her recent heart attack,  Rosie O ' Donnell  insists that she is not exaggerating her symptoms appeared. RELATED:  Rosie O ' Donnell  Suffers Heart Attack O Donnell comedienne will be having her annual  Rosie 's Theater Kids Gala in New York ", "Congrats are in order for  Rosie O ' Donnell  the talk show host and changed. the news to the audience Friday at the  Rosie  show her publicist tells ABC news that  Rosie  and Michelle are engaged but no wedding date ", "Congrats are in order for Rosie O'Donnell the talk show host and -- changed. -- -- the news to the audience Friday at the Rosie show her publicist tells ABC news that Rosie and Michelle -- are engaged but no wedding date has been set. Us weekly is reporting the couple who went public with their relationship three months ago by the not have a Christmas. Rosie has four children with ex wife Kelli carpenter. ", "One of the big names out there was  Rosie O ' Donnell  but and not quite true. Now has gotten out there that  Rosie  is not going to replace Oprah but instead. Work for her pal  Rosie  we'll have her own show back on ", "who's gonna replace -- One of the big names out there was Rosie O'Donnell but -- -- and not quite true. Now -- -- has gotten out there that Rosie is not going to replace Oprah but instead. Work for her pal Rosie we'll have her own show back on Oprah's new network that you all that -- broadcasting debut on January the first. They've will be produced by O'Donnell -- -- one -- daily show based right here in New York City sometime next year when the Oprah Winfrey network. Watch is in January. Citing questions -- Networks going to be like the dear Rosie I think a lot of people -- interest and watch it's it's it's a big -- she isn't it interesting image controversial ", "with more on the health scare for  rosie o ' donnell . On her blog, in verse, he revealed one they call the widowmaker.  Rosie  says it's a miracle she's alive. Reporter:  Rosie o ' donnell  says a television commercial saved ", "IT'S SNACKING GOOD. We're back with more on the health scare for rosie o'donnell . On her blog, in verse, he revealed he suffered a heart attack last week, the one they call the widowmaker. Rosie says it's a miracle she's alive. Reporter: Rosie o'donnell says a television commercial saved her life. One genuine bayer has enough aspirin to save your life during a heart attack. Reporter: ", "And we learned yesterday that  rosie o ' donnell  had a heart attack. And although Reporter: Two new tweets today from  rosie o ' donnell  letting the world know she's Richard besser is here. What did  rosie  do, she got the symptoms, why ", 'killer among women as well as men. And we learned yesterday that rosie o\'donnell had a heart attack. And although she survived, she said she made one mistake that could have cost her her life. Abc\'s amy robach tells us why. Reporter: Two new tweets today from rosie o\'donnell letting the world know she\'s "feeling good" and tweeting this picture saying she\'s eating heart healthy. This following her bombshell blog detailing ', "tonight when Oprah Winfrey brought  Rosie O ' Donnell  back alive with a daily show at her own network. And I shall see  Rosie  is this funny and state. As happened away from me enormously successful  Rosie O ' Donnell  show. Want her in the arm and ", "not been on television. But that changed tonight when Oprah Winfrey brought Rosie O'Donnell back alive with a daily show at 7 PM on her own network. And I shall see Rosie is this funny and -- state. As happened. You know. Okay. Rosie on these sensors and what I. Just hours ago when your new program and boom goes to show. It's your day went ", "I don't. And tens and she walked away from me enormously successful Rosie O'Donnell show. Want her in the arm and then get all. The -- third and fourth is a lot different than -- 49. ", "Can't live now from the set of the  Rosie  show here is  Rosie O ' Donnell  good morning  Rosie  I don't. Good morning how am I am doing go live live and up. My first show the  Rosie O ' Donnell  show was actually live right there from ", "Can't live now from the set of the Rosie show here is Rosie O'Donnell good morning Rosie I don't. Good morning how am I am doing great that you know that we decide you said you can edit out some parts just there in the piece by -- that's not true all live tonight. Yes -- really made a big decision that we were actually gonna go live live and up. My first show the Rosie O'Donnell show was actually live -- right there from New York. So have to do -- about to test shows we all got "]