['Nineteen-year-old  Rose Marie  Cawley has been praying a lot recently. She\'s been praying for elders and to her and to me and her mother, great," he said. If  Rose Marie  marries into a home where she is the fifth or sixth wife, Cawley ', "position as a dean of a Cincinnati college. Kloos was accused of casting an absentee ballot for another nun -- Sister  Rose Marie  Hewitt -- who died before Election Day. Defense attorney Ralph Kohnen said Kloos was trying to fulfill her dead friend's ", 'taken inside the base by five UN soldiers who accused him of making fun of them. "They beat and maltreated him,"  Rose - Marie  Jean told ABC News in an interview. "Two raped him from behind." The release of the accused men comes at an unsettling ', 'heat of the spotlight, Kennedy always fought for normalcy in his life. Few people knew the junior Kennedy better than  Rose Marie  Terenzio, his personal assistant and confidant. Their friendship blossomed through a chance encounter. Kennedy was ', "conduct business in person. Think of that as a millionaire's Meetup. The investment makes DeRose co-chair with  Rose Marie  Perez, a communications veteran who currently runs the operation, and is a first step toward building up and expanding ", 'or alcohol. "I feel pretty energetic and I\'m not missing the meat. I\'m not missing the coffee," said viewer  Rose Marie  Volpe, who tried out the plan. Volpe said she noticed results when her pants began getting baggy around her legs ', "Society and the American Diabetes Association, said Dr.  Rose Marie  Robertson, chief science officer of the heart association Trust for America's Health, Washington, D.C.;  Rose Marie  Robertson, M.D., chief science officer, American ", 'Prevention makes a difference," said study co-author Dr.  Rose Marie  Robertson, chief science officer of the American Heart habits from the American Heart Association . SOURCES:  Rose Marie  Robertson, M.D., chief science officer, American ', 'effect of hormone replacement therapy to increase blood clotting outweighs the potential benefit it has," says Dr.  Rose Marie  Robertson of Vanderbilt University Medical Center. In addition to blood clotting, hormone replacement therapy can also ', 'wait and do the right thing and develop lifestyles when you\'re 40 or 50 and have them kick in and protect you," says  Rose Marie  Robertson, the president of the American Heart Association. As today\'s study shows, some people never get that chance ', 'second in command. Doctors say it depends on the person. People are highly individual in how they feel stress, said  Rose Marie  Robertson, a cardiologist and professor at Vanderbilt University in Tennessee. Some people love to be in the middle ', 'using muscle gathered from his thigh. Exciting New Science This is incredibly exciting new science, commented Dr.  Rose Marie  Robertson of Vanderbilt University, the association s president. Heart failure occurs when damage to the heart muscle ', 'Georgia chapter. He called the suspension zero-tolerance gone awry. The ACLU successfully represented Atlanta student  Rose Marie  Spearman in 1994 after she was charged with criminal weapons possession for bringing African tribal knives to school ', "community. With a twist the women. Choose their husbands Here's ABC's Cecilia big. Are being. Nineteen year old  Rose Marie  one wish she wants god to give her name. The name of the man she will marry. some in single or someone. Very married ", "-- -- -- Here's ABC's Cecilia big. Are being. Nineteen year old Rose Marie -- -- -- one wish she wants god to give her name. The name of the man she will marry. -- some ", 'week a new iteration of the new republic this is what have you send almost a hundred years old. We have a question from  Rose Marie  holt who wants to now. What you gonna do to preserve this paper this magazines historic mission and what can people ', '-- -- almost a hundred years old. We have a question from Rose Marie holt -- who wants to now. What you gonna do to preserve this paper -- this magazines historic mission and what can ', "marriage between that JFK junior and dissent from someone who knew them very well his personal assistant and confidant.  Rose Marie  interim CEO revealing details and a brand new book at ABC's BM electric we get baker. have a copyright since the explosive ", "from someone who knew them very well his personal assistant and confidant. Rose Marie interim CEO revealing details and a brand new book at ABC's BM electric we get baker. -- have a copyright -- since ", "massive search effort led to the discovery of their bodies this story came to its tragic conclusion. For most people. For  Rose Marie  to Rick Lazio it would take a while longer. When do you realize he's not coming. The day that I left his apartment ", "bodies this story came to its tragic conclusion. For most people. For Rose Marie to Rick Lazio it would take a while longer. When do you realize he's not coming. The day that I left his ", "machines. She's If you can't find. You ever And tossed him some user you know spent well. there's time there's  Rose Marie . Born and tried to place. This is it reduces the so. Christmas trees. Some could. Sprouts with that yeah we have ", "him some -- user you know spent well. -- there's time there's Rose Marie . Born and tried to place. This is it reduces the -- so. Christmas trees. Some could. Sprouts with that yeah -- we "]