["Just had to bring back Raquel she we did get enough of her in the last half hour a brand new book hasn't been telling you about called beyond the the clean you're gonna talk to her about that when when last we left you in the last half hour as 1967. You're doing Nancy Sinatra I was on the Hollywood", 'And I. A lot of women look at pictures of  Raquel Welch  and what what it would be like to look a little more like her. Our cal has written a book called the Raquel beauty and fitness ', 'And I. A lot of women look at pictures of Raquel Welch and what -- what it would be like to look a little more like her. Our cal has written a book called ', 'women so here to mix it up this morning friend Cokie Roberts. Also  Raquel Welch  we had so much earlier in the week talking about your new book Brickell to be the last word here comes either I sorry use it or lose it from  Raquel Welch .', 'here to mix it up this morning -- friend Cokie Roberts. Also Raquel Welch we had so much -- -- -- earlier in the week talking about your new book Brickell be on the cleavage what ', 'fantastic but of all time. Although I think all time is as you Kenny managing our time subjective it. She out with the  Raquel Welch  Marilyn Monroe Britney Spears Madonna Bettie Page Pamela Anderson Jane Fonda. And they kind of said look funny is sexy ', 'managing our time -- -- subjective it. She -- out with the Raquel Welch Marilyn Monroe Britney Spears Madonna Bettie Page Pamela Anderson Jane Fonda. And they kind of said look funny is sexy Jennifer Aniston ', "Williamson West Virginia how did you ever learn to cope. With the ongoing jealousy is of the pretender sex symbols such as  Raquel Welch  and Margaret and Liz Taylor over your status. As America's true sex. That's the money is quick and the. No way ", "With the ongoing jealousy is of the pretender sex symbols such as Raquel Welch and Margaret and Liz Taylor over your status. As America's true sex. That's the money is quick and the. No way. We ", "great profile of Nancy Pelosi thank a violent month. And I say a couple weeks ago Cokie was not had a morning with  Raquel Welch  you're just is lucky to dismiss this young. It is that's man anytime let's Begin starting Ben Roethlisberger ", "a couple weeks ago Cokie was not had a morning -- with Raquel Welch you're just is lucky to dismiss -- -- this young. It is that's -- man anytime let's Begin starting -- Ben Roethlisberger. ", "this is 20/20 in time. This Friday Bob Brown takes us on a fantastic voyage inside the human body. And if you think  Raquel Welch  was something to behold way back when when she took her plunge inside then you ain't seen nothing yet. Some amazing ", "on a fantastic voyage inside the human body. And if you think Raquel Welch was something to behold way back when when she took her plunge inside then you ain't seen nothing yet. Some amazing high "]