["Celeb Sightings: Mary Kate Olsen and Oliver Sarkozy's Date Night, Henry Cavill and Kaley Cuoco Hold Hands and More", "hands at a Studio City, Calif. Farmer's market, where they picked up groceries. Wednesday was a busy day for  Reese Witherspoon ! Wearing a black sweatshirt and carrying a Gatorade bottle, the Oscar winner hit the gym in the morning, before ", 'the star was making her look and feel amazing on her big day. "I was so proud of her for winning," says Posen.  Reese Witherspoon , Golden Globes 2012 After meeting Witherspoon at an Oscar party a few years ago (and taking her for a spin around ', 'President Obama for both presidential campaigns.  Reese Witherspoon  Among the list of actresses reportedly vying for the role,  Reese Witherspoon  is the only one to have actually snagged an Oscar ', 'Senate next year. http://abcn.ws/18qqIoF  REESE WITHERSPOON  OR SCARLETT JOHANSSON AS HILLARY CLINTON? An upcoming including Amanda Seyfried, Jessica Chastain,  Reese Witherspoon  and Scarlett Johansson. "They\'re all wonderful ', "Hillary Clinton. The frontrunners to play the former secretary of state and first lady include Scarlett Johansson,  Reese Witherspoon , Amanda Seyfried and Jessica Chastain. The film will focus on Clinton's early years as a Washington lawyer in ", 'bevy of actresses interested in playing the 26-year old Clinton, including Amanda Seyfried, Jessica Chastain,  Reese Witherspoon  and Scarlett Johansson. "They\'re all wonderful actresses. We\'re very fortunate that a lot of really great actors ', "during Oscar-winning actress  Reese Witherspoon  's recent disorderly conduct Atlanta. Click HERE to watch  Reese Witherspoon  discuss her arrest live on to maintain the lane. MORE:  Reese Witherspoon  'Deeply Embarrassed' After ", "warplanes in flight. 3. Witherspoon Dash-Cam Arrest Video Shows Actress Unfiltered A dash-cam video of actress  Reese Witherspoon 's recent disorderly-conduct arrest provides a rare glimpse of one of Hollywood's best-known actresses unfiltered ", 'Reese Witherspoon  not only told the police officer she was pregnant. VIDEO: Watch  Reese Witherspoon  Get Handcuffed "I saw him arresting to maintain the lane. RELATED:  Reese Witherspoon : Baby \'Stole My Brain\' "It\'s ', 'Red In a candid new interview conducted before  Reese Witherspoon  \'s disorderly conduct arrest last week, the girl-next-door state trooper who pulled the couple over. Watch  Reese Witherspoon  Get Handcuffed "Oh my gosh, I don\'t know what ', 'making music and why he asked  Reese Witherspoon  to sing a duet with him on his Buble said. Michael Buble Says  Reese Witherspoon  Handled Arrest With \'Grace Be Loved." After watching  Reese Witherspoon  play June Carter in the Johnny ', "Actress  Reese Witherspoon  was arrested for disorderly conduct early Friday morning in Atlanta, and now there's video footage of the police officer handcuffing ", 'to steal more than 700 student passwords. The story plays out like a scene from the movie "election, wrts where  reese witherspoon \'s character will do about anything to win votes at her high school. I really must insist that you help me win ', 'story plays out like a scene from the movie "election, wrts where reese witherspoon\'s character will do about anything to win votes at her high school. I really must insist that you help me win the ', "Love that dress, though. It's like a racer back. Our next celebrity look always does it right. Here you go.  Reese witherspoon . Is that shorts or a little skirt? That's a skirt. We'll show you how we copied the look. It's all-white ", "back. Our next celebrity look always does it right. Here you go. Reese witherspoon . Is that shorts or a little skirt? That's a skirt. We'll show you how we copied the look. It's all-white with a ", 'latest on  reese witherspoon . She was here thursday morning talking with george in an exclusive midnight the morning of april 19th after oscar winning actress  reese witherspoon  and her husband were pulled over in atlanta. You better not arrest ', "latest on reese witherspoon . She was here thursday morning talking with george in an exclusive and apologetic interview. Just hours later the full police surveillance tape of her run-in with the law leaked and abc's steve osunsami has the story. If you don't -- I'm a u.S. Citizen much I'm allowed to stand on american ground and ask any question i want to ask. Reporter: Police dash posted on tmz after midnight the morning of april 19th after oscar winning actress reese witherspoon and her husband were pulled over in atlanta. You better not arrest me. Are you kidding me? Nope. I told you -- ", 'jean reese wither spoon might be the last star expected to be seen in a mug shot. The actress, better known as  reese witherspoon , was arrested for disorderly conduct. She was filming a movie in georgia. Traveled with her husband, james toth ', 'to be seen in a mug shot. The actress, better known as reese witherspoon , was arrested for disorderly conduct. She was filming a movie in georgia. Traveled with her husband, james toth. Just after mid might, ', 'to take a look at this video just released factors. Actress  Reese Witherspoon  in handcuffs 37 year old Oscar winner was arrested for disorderly conduct in Atlanta on Friday. After her husband was pulled over ', 'to take a look at this video just released -- factors. Actress Reese Witherspoon in handcuffs -- 37 year old Oscar winner was arrested for disorderly conduct in Atlanta on Friday. After her husband was pulled ', 'The actress was arrested for disorderly conduct during traffic stop involving her husband.', '"Nightline\'s" Cynthia McFadden goes on the town with the Grammy winner and his wife.']