['Ursula Andress and Sean Connery in a scene from \'Dr. No", a 1963 film directed by Terence Young. (Getty Images)  Raquel Welch , US actress, wearing an animal hide bikini in a publicity portrait issued for the film, \'One Million Years BC ', 'beautiful spirit and outlook on life. ... Thank you Robin Roberts for being the person you are."  Raquel Welch  Candygirl nominated  Raquel Welch  for "Most Beautiful Woman": "She has always looked perfect. To this day she\'s still beautiful ', 'Texan who takes up the skates in a quest to find her identity, Hollywood was enamored with roller derby women. Actress  Raquel Welch  played a roller derby girl in the 1972 movie, "Kansas City Bomber," and Rebecca Romijn jumped into the skates in ', 'In "Beyond the Cleavage,"  Raquel Welch , the icon of a generation, looks back on her life from Hayworth in the \'40s to Marilyn Monroe in the \'50s to  Raquel Welch  in the \'60s. In the film, it takes Robbins twenty-odd ', 'complaining. How else would I get to travel with Carroll Baker, Jill St. John, Lana Turner, Ann-Margret, and  Raquel Welch  and have my wife wish me \'bon voyage\'?" Hope spent his holidays entertaining U.S. troops and was, for many soldiers ', "around a capsized ocean liner, beat Frank Sinatra to death, impaled Lee Marvin with a pitchfork, and had my way with  Raquel Welch . Any one of those would've been worth the journey. I've acted in westerns, comedies, war pictures, crime dramas ", 'answers would all be there," said Landay, who produced the Broadway show "Woman of the Year" with Lauren Bacall,  Raquel Welch  and Debbie Reynolds. He recognized that when people get hit with devastating news they are often are confused about ', 'No matter how  Raquel Welch  approached it, she was saddled with an image that of a buxom bombshell from the 1960s without much of a long-term future. Yet ', 'the Cave Bear movies and others like that, and, most important for a whole generation of young boys, that poster of  Raquel Welch  from the movie "One Million Years B.C." What more evidence would you need? Now, we all knew that cavefolks really ', 'usually glad to turn out for a free movie and free photo ops. Co-star Brendan Fraser, director Harold Ramis, and  Raquel Welch , who played Lust in the 1967 Bedazzled, were all in attendance. This week, Hurley made a $25,000 contribution ', "I love her the came to know and worship  Raquel Welch  as an icon of glamour sizzling beauty. But now she now iconic loincloth bikini. Introducing the fabulous  Raquel Welch  this season it's probably of this or any. Her string ", 'I love her the -- came to know and worship Raquel Welch as an icon of glamour sizzling beauty. But now she says it is time to pull back the veil to make way ', "where she appeared and that now iconic loincloth bikini. Introducing the fabulous Raquel Welch this season it's probably of this or any. Her string of successes kept coming even winning a Golden Globe in the three ", "Just had to bring back Raquel she we did get enough of her in the last half hour a brand new book hasn't been telling you about called beyond the the clean you're gonna talk to her about that when when last we left you in the last half hour as 1967. You're doing Nancy Sinatra I was on the Hollywood", 'And I. A lot of women look at pictures of  Raquel Welch  and what what it would be like to look a little more like her. Our cal has written a book called the Raquel beauty and fitness ', 'And I. A lot of women look at pictures of Raquel Welch and what -- what it would be like to look a little more like her. Our cal has written a book called ', 'women so here to mix it up this morning friend Cokie Roberts. Also  Raquel Welch  we had so much earlier in the week talking about your new book Brickell to be the last word here comes either I sorry use it or lose it from  Raquel Welch .', 'here to mix it up this morning -- friend Cokie Roberts. Also Raquel Welch we had so much -- -- -- earlier in the week talking about your new book Brickell be on the cleavage what ', 'fantastic but of all time. Although I think all time is as you Kenny managing our time subjective it. She out with the  Raquel Welch  Marilyn Monroe Britney Spears Madonna Bettie Page Pamela Anderson Jane Fonda. And they kind of said look funny is sexy ', 'managing our time -- -- subjective it. She -- out with the Raquel Welch Marilyn Monroe Britney Spears Madonna Bettie Page Pamela Anderson Jane Fonda. And they kind of said look funny is sexy Jennifer Aniston ', "Williamson West Virginia how did you ever learn to cope. With the ongoing jealousy is of the pretender sex symbols such as  Raquel Welch  and Margaret and Liz Taylor over your status. As America's true sex. That's the money is quick and the. No way ", "With the ongoing jealousy is of the pretender sex symbols such as Raquel Welch and Margaret and Liz Taylor over your status. As America's true sex. That's the money is quick and the. No way. We ", "great profile of Nancy Pelosi thank a violent month. And I say a couple weeks ago Cokie was not had a morning with  Raquel Welch  you're just is lucky to dismiss this young. It is that's man anytime let's Begin starting Ben Roethlisberger ", "a couple weeks ago Cokie was not had a morning -- with Raquel Welch you're just is lucky to dismiss -- -- this young. It is that's -- man anytime let's Begin starting -- Ben Roethlisberger. "]