["eighties it's such agreement and you know I relying on it I just love that movie. I'm not and some of them wouldn't  Renee Zellweger  without paglia on. Well you know oh yeah bring up yeah. and I can't get enough I had written it not for money let me ", "I just love that movie. I'm not and some of them wouldn't Renee Zellweger without -- -- paglia on. Well you know oh yeah bring up yeah. -- and I can't get enough I had written ", 'First up we do a great news for fans of Bridget Jones  Renee Zellweger  signed on for the third installment in the series. Much is made of Zellweger weight gain weight loss for the last two installments ', 'First up we do a great news for fans of Bridget Jones Renee Zellweger signed on for the third installment in the series. Much is made of Zellweger -- weight gain weight loss for the last ', 'Oscar winner  Renee Zellweger  we love her she spent months in 57 degrees below zero temperatures in Winnipeg Canada to make the new movie with Harry Connick ', 'Oscar winner Renee Zellweger we love her she spent months in 57 degrees below zero temperatures in Winnipeg Canada to make the new movie with Harry ', "Reporter: A decade after chicago's best picture wins, catherine zeta, queen latifah renee zellweger , and richard gere will be reuniting on stage. Bond, james bond. Reporter: James bond will be honored for 50 years of thrill. ", 'in present-day london. Her first two books sold more than 15 million copies. We can only hope that means we\'ll see  renee zellweger , hugh grant and colin firth back together again on the big screen. The cast of "the avengers" is confirmed for the academy ', 'than 15 million copies. We can only hope that means we\'ll see renee zellweger , hugh grant and colin firth back together again on the big screen. The cast of "the avengers" is confirmed for the academy ', "like you known to do I'm gonna go back and letting if that's Jennifer does not waste time Cooper did split from actress  Renee Zellweger  just in March so very very good for. Are proud that I. As we and 200 it is a I know whoa this situation back in the news ", "that's -- Jennifer does not waste time Cooper did split from actress Renee Zellweger just in March so -- very very good for. Are proud that I. As we -- and 200 -- -- it is ", "was by the tabloids questioning his personal life. As they picked apart his short lived marriage to Oscar winning actress  Renee Zellweger  well past relationships will that have a bearing on. I think the room over I think violence. I hope you know. I don't ", 'As they picked apart his short lived marriage to Oscar winning actress Renee Zellweger well past relationships will that have a bearing on. I think the room over I think -- violence. I hope you know. ', "he's a single guy despite the rumors that he was a for awhile which he was found that apparently spending and he also was  Renee Zellweger  as as well. Congratulations. They've picked the worst picture Yeah yeah. Next year next he'll go next in every way ", "awhile which he was found that apparently spending and he also was Renee Zellweger as -- as well. Congratulations. -- -- -- They've picked the worst picture -- -- -- Yeah yeah. Next year next he'll ", "he's a single guy despite the rumors that he was a for awhile which he was found that apparently spending and he also was  Renee Zellweger  as as well. Congratulations. They've picked the worst picture Yeah yeah. Next year next he'll go next in every way ", "awhile which he was found that apparently spending and he also was Renee Zellweger as -- as well. Congratulations. -- -- -- They've picked the worst picture -- -- -- Yeah yeah. Next year next he'll ", "he's a single guy despite the rumors that he was a for awhile which he was found that apparently spending and he also was  Renee Zellweger  as as well. Congratulations. They've picked the worst picture Yeah yeah. Next year next he'll go next in every way ", "awhile which he was found that apparently spending and he also was Renee Zellweger as -- as well. Congratulations. -- -- -- They've picked the worst picture -- -- -- Yeah yeah. Next year next he'll ", "out this The average American divorce comes after eight years of marriage not forever but that's 24 times longer than  Renee Zellweger  and Jesse lasted. Forty times longer than can in Chris Humphries. 344. Times longer Dennis Rodman. and Carmen Electra ", "eight years of marriage not forever but that's 24 times longer than Renee Zellweger and -- Jesse lasted. Forty times longer than can -- -- in Chris Humphries. 344. Times longer -- -- Dennis Rodman. -- ", 'all the negative things in your life so must the almost become In moment of his famously short marriage to Oscar winner  Renee Zellweger  after just four months was a painful period. So the beauty of seven years in 20/20 hindsight. What did you learn from ', 'become -- In moment of his famously short marriage to Oscar winner Renee Zellweger after just four months was a painful period. So -- the beauty of seven years in 20/20 hindsight. What did you learn ', 'this is a show that personal a lot of famous actresses have acted with you know would won a Tony for her role in Chicago  Renee Zellweger  went when I was nominated for an Oscar. And Catherine as He did not won an Oscar. So that they are known for casting usual ', 'know -- would -- won a Tony for her role in Chicago Renee Zellweger went -- when I was nominated for an Oscar. And Catherine as He did not won an Oscar. So that they are ', "back report. Now I don't know if you remember this back in 2009 actually went on Then about a week later we saw him with  Renee Zellweger  to ended up becoming an item for two years while they just broke up and Jennifer sees. Her chance once again so He answers ", 'went on -- Then about a week later we saw him with Renee Zellweger -- -- to ended up becoming an item for two years while they just broke up and Jennifer sees. Her chance once ', "finally happened for her and it's turning to a very negative thing I hope works out now some happier news Bradley Cooper and  Renee Zellweger  they may be getting engaged yes two years into their relationship Bradley has seen the light saying you know what I really ", 'I hope -- works out now some happier news Bradley Cooper and Renee Zellweger they may be getting engaged yes -- two years into their relationship Bradley has seen the light -- -- saying you know ', 'Eiffel Tower and as a surprise of some wedding bells from  Renee Zellweger  and country music star Kenny Chesney. United some Hollywood kept the whirlwind romance making headlines from the start  Renee Zellweger  sudden and surprising the. Request to have a four month ', "the Eiffel Tower and as a surprise of some wedding bells from Renee Zellweger and country music star Kenny Chesney. United some Hollywood glitz and glam with Nashville's down home country -- Brittany spears the girl ", 'a baby is kept the whirlwind romance making headlines from the start Renee Zellweger sudden and surprising the. Request to have a four month old man. Marriage to country star Kenny Chesney unknown for the jets ', "tomatoes. And organic but George Clooney isn't the only Oscar winner to kick start a career with Green. Long before  Renee Zellweger  was wooed by Tom Cruise in Jerry Maguire. He's been she was abused by Matthew McConaughey in the Texas chainsaw massacre ", "Oscar winner to kick start a career with -- Green. Long before Renee Zellweger was wooed by Tom Cruise in Jerry Maguire. He's been -- she was abused by Matthew McConaughey in the Texas chainsaw massacre ", "is provocative way enjoyable in Minnesota.  Renee Zellweger  is in Oh it's pretty bad all right our character New units of them her unconscious. Couch.  Renee Zellweger  wore  Renee Zellweger  has never looked worse and ought to get on ", "that the trip to Minnesota which is provocative way enjoyable in Minnesota. Renee Zellweger is -- in -- Oh it's pretty bad all right our character is there to close a plant union representative doesn't wanted to do that. But the only puzzle here is why is handsome Harry Connick junior did not do that silly Beers. New units of them her unconscious. Couch. Renee Zellweger wore Renee Zellweger has never looked worse and -- ought to get on a phone. And fire whoever thought making this movie it was a ", 'whopping 22 million dollars in midnight screenings breaking the record set last summer by blockbuster the Dark Oscar nominated  Renee Zellweger  is set to retrieve her role as the desperate Thirtysomething Bridget Jones. The third installment will be based on Helen ', 'the record set last summer by blockbuster the Dark -- Oscar nominated Renee Zellweger is set to retrieve her role as the desperate Thirtysomething Bridget Jones. The third installment will be based on Helen field. His ']