["The Senate passed a two-month extension of the payroll tax cut, setting Congress up for another battle over taxes and spending. NBC's Kelly O'Donnell reports. ", 'This content comes from Closed Captioning that was broadcast along with this program.', "now to washington and a contentious fight involving your taxes. and light a lock of bt of battles involving money this one came down to the last minute. our capitol correspondent kelly o'donnell joins us.", '. this prolonged fight has been over how to cover the costs without adding to the deficit. so they worked a saturday, hoping to get things done before the holidays. but they actually set up another fight for just two months from now. nearly out of time.', 'washington delivered on promises today, but the result showed the scars of gridlock. complaints about wasted money in the ', " and benefits for one year failed. the senate could only agree on a two-month extension. that means instead of the average worker saving $1,000, it's down to $166 for now. the president is pleased taxes won't go up, but expects more.", " for the rest of the year. it should be a formality. and hopefully it's done with as little drama as possible when they get back in january.", ' project that environmentalists oppose but supports including unions like because of jobs be added to this bill. even after the president threatened to veto earlier this month.', 'but democrats and republicans backed a requirement that president must decide within 60 days if the pipeline will be built and not wait until after the november election.', " as to why they would block it, i'm very hopeful that president in the course of this 60 days, will do the right thing for the country, and get this crucial project under way.", "senators settled on the smaller package because they could only agree on how to cover enough for that. $33 billion. and that includes a higher fee for homeowners who are buying or refinancing with a mortgage giant fannie and freddie. that's something that will affect people personally. and lester, this isn't quite over yet because the house still has to deal with it. some house republic ans are not liking the short term solution"]