["Matthew Weaver admitted to stealing students' identities to rig his Cal State campus elections.", "Love that dress, though. It's like a racer back. Our next celebrity look always does it right. Here you go.  Reese witherspoon . Is that shorts or a little skirt? That's a skirt. We'll show you how we copied the look. It's all-white ", "back. Our next celebrity look always does it right. Here you go. Reese witherspoon . Is that shorts or a little skirt? That's a skirt. We'll show you how we copied the look. It's all-white with a ", 'latest on  reese witherspoon . She was here thursday morning talking with george in an exclusive midnight the morning of april 19th after oscar winning actress  reese witherspoon  and her husband were pulled over in atlanta. You better not arrest ', "latest on reese witherspoon . She was here thursday morning talking with george in an exclusive and apologetic interview. Just hours later the full police surveillance tape of her run-in with the law leaked and abc's steve osunsami has the story. If you don't -- I'm a u.S. Citizen much I'm allowed to stand on american ground and ask any question i want to ask. Reporter: Police dash posted on tmz after midnight the morning of april 19th after oscar winning actress reese witherspoon and her husband were pulled over in atlanta. You better not arrest me. Are you kidding me? Nope. I told you -- ", 'jean reese wither spoon might be the last star expected to be seen in a mug shot. The actress, better known as  reese witherspoon , was arrested for disorderly conduct. She was filming a movie in georgia. Traveled with her husband, james toth ', 'to be seen in a mug shot. The actress, better known as reese witherspoon , was arrested for disorderly conduct. She was filming a movie in georgia. Traveled with her husband, james toth. Just after mid might, ', 'to take a look at this video just released factors. Actress  Reese Witherspoon  in handcuffs 37 year old Oscar winner was arrested for disorderly conduct in Atlanta on Friday. After her husband was pulled over ', 'to take a look at this video just released -- factors. Actress Reese Witherspoon in handcuffs -- 37 year old Oscar winner was arrested for disorderly conduct in Atlanta on Friday. After her husband was pulled ', 'The actress was arrested for disorderly conduct during traffic stop involving her husband.', '"Nightline\'s" Cynthia McFadden goes on the town with the Grammy winner and his wife.', 'are few people doing to raise awareness and money  Reese Witherspoon . Last Sunday she joined more than 3000 people at And among them a famous face Oscar winning actress  Reese Witherspoon . Still sporting advantage from the September accident ', 'there are few people doing -- to raise awareness and money -- Reese Witherspoon . Last Sunday she joined more than 3000 people at the Avon walk for breast cancer here in New York. And I had ', "for breast cancer. And among them a famous face Oscar winning actress Reese Witherspoon . Still sporting advantage from the September accident where she was hit by -- while jogging. -- That -- -- help it isn't ", "Reese Witherspoon  going to court as part of a bizarre ABC's Fujita. A visibly pregnant  Reese Witherspoon  surrounded by her family walked her needs far away from the red carpet.  Reese Witherspoon  is not publicly commented on this ", "Reese Witherspoon going to court as part of a bizarre dispute between her own parents her dad accused of bigamy his new wife essentially accused of trying to take his money. More now from ABC's -- Fujita. A visibly pregnant Reese Witherspoon surrounded by her family walked her father -- to a Tennessee courtroom inside the judge deciding this issue is -- seventy year ", 'give him the support he needs far away from the red carpet. Reese Witherspoon is not publicly commented on this case but one legal and as a vote analyst says her case -- -- rare. Concern ', "out of that strange court battle for the parents of  Reese Witherspoon . Even though the couple's been separated for years very difficult situation for someone as private as  Reese Witherspoon  says really it's possible time her. We reached ", "-- -- out of that strange court battle for the parents of Reese Witherspoon . Even though the couple's been separated for years they are not divorce and Lisa's mom is now accusing her -- -- bigamy. ", "This is obviously very difficult situation for someone -- as private as Reese Witherspoon says really it's possible time her. We -- -- -- reached at both parties for comment we got no response this case ", "so thankful we have prosecutor from pop celebrity dot com here that everything and You. Big breaking news today  Reese Witherspoon  and how baby yesterday at a navy submarine and not very much at the moment she's very private. We on his colt's ", "here that everything and -- -- You. Big breaking news -- today Reese Witherspoon and how -- baby yesterday at a navy submarine and not very much at the moment she's very private. We -- -- ", "it's good to have you know wealthy famous friends and he's also famous and wealthy. So he was hiding out Ed  Reese Witherspoon . Is. A stage last night seven acre ranch for the swimming pool and the Marlon guess college. And that he's no ", "and he's also famous and wealthy. So he was hiding out Ed Reese Witherspoon . Is. A stage last night seven acre ranch for the swimming pool and the -- Marlon guess college. And that he's no ", "elephant those horses and she's played by Oscar winner  Reese Witherspoon  who co stars in this movie with rob patents. Will spread out. Online and and changes can. So happy.  Reese Witherspoon  welcome to the Peter thank you are in water for elephants ", "rides that elephant -- those horses and she's played by Oscar winner Reese Witherspoon who co stars in this movie with rob patents. Will -- will be with us in just a minute to tell us ", "spread out. -- -- Online and and -- changes can. So happy. Reese Witherspoon welcome to the -- Peter thank you are in water for elephants and probably didn't know that I am now I -- ", "women's day Academy Award winner  Reese Witherspoon  and not have launched a new activism from another famous name  Reese Witherspoon . Who is as dedicated to this acting. Take a look. On screen  Reese Witherspoon  has displayed unique passion ", "to them. So as part of international women's day Academy Award winner Reese Witherspoon and -- not have launched a new initiative and Chris is got a chance to talk about it. The statistics are staggering but the bottom line is this is an issue that just doesn't get the attention it needs even when it's in the headlines mean you've been watching lately this relationship between singers Rihanna. And Chris Brown. I turned violent to be sure. But what does -- mean what's the message that there well the issue has inspired passionate activism from another famous name Reese Witherspoon . Who is as dedicated to this cost as she is to acting. Take a look. On screen Reese Witherspoon has displayed unique passion can't walk and -- Now channeled into a real life concerns abuse of women. It's shocking to know ", "The accident that  Reese Witherspoon  had carries that she was. Jogging when she was hit by a carton apparently is only going twenty miles an hour that's been better ", 'The accident that Reese Witherspoon had -- carries that she was. Jogging when she was hit by a carton apparently -- is only going twenty miles an ', "can't see it. Well, any way, they're cute. Check them out at the national museum. Yeah. Let's muf on.  Reese witherspoon  showing off her california home in the pages of elle decor. I want you to take this. You know how I love interior ", "cute. Check them out at the national museum. Yeah. Let's muf on. Reese witherspoon showing off her california home in the pages of elle decor. I want you to take this. You know how I love ", "Here that you may be working with north from. To play one of my favorite singers in the whole world community. And taking leave and that. That any of these family approached and I sort of Sponsored I had I had left her eyes something she's there written big I'm saying. One of her songs during an", "Let's turn out of the latest issue of us weekly we're happy to have Rebecca back with us Phyllis and all the latest Hollywood buzz. Rebecca good to have you with us is having seen here OK so let's see there's some kind of majoring easement that was announced just feel withers What's going on that", "Oscar winner  Reese Witherspoon  is pretty much on the biggest stars there is but in that her new movie it's fantastic golf course water for elephants she has ", "Oscar winner Reese Witherspoon is pretty much on the biggest stars there is but in -- that her new movie it's fantastic golf course water for ", "Oscar award winning actress  Reese Witherspoon  is still appearing on the big screen but also taking on the producer. Her new movie Penelope hits theaters this month it's been ", 'Oscar award winning actress Reese Witherspoon is still appearing on the big screen but also -- taking on the -- producer. Her new movie Penelope hits theaters this ']