['it\'s starting to be more popular," said ABC News medical contributor Dr. Jacques Moritz. "Celebrities, Gisele,  Ricki Lake  and others like her, Cindy Crawford are making this more popular." "At that moment, I felt like I could conquer ', 'shows that launched in the wake of Oprah Winfrey leaving broadcast TV. Katie Couric , Steve Harvey, Jeff Probst and  Ricki Lake  all launched shows this year; Queen Latifah, Bethenny Frankel, and maybe Kris Jenner will debut their own series in ', 'including Katie Couric , Steve Harvey, Jeff Probst and  Ricki Lake , as well as fall hopefuls Queen Latifah and Bethenny less to produce, and that\'s advantageous."  Ricki Lake  Talk show veteran  Ricki Lake  returned to daytime TV this fall with her new talk ', 'which they were made within the community that they were made," Lawrence said. On Thursday, Koening appeared on "The  Ricki Lake  Show" to defend STFU Parents. "I don\'t want to poke fun at any one particular person. It\'s more like I\'m highlighting ', 'debut telecasts of "Steve Harvey" by 87% (1.5/4 on 9/4/12), "Jeff Probst" by 150% (1.0/3) and " Ricki Lake " by 250% (0.8/2). Also worth noting, "Katie" topped the sophomore season premiere of "Anderson" by 115 ', 'serious weight. Who lost the most during a season on the show? A. Kirstie Alley B. Kelly Osbourne C. Joey Fatone D.  Ricki Lake  Current contestant Sherri Shepherd discusses the "DWTS" effect on a contestant\'s body on a special edition of "20 ', '"Dancing With the Stars" alum  Ricki Lake  weighed in on that controversial EXCERPT: \'Never Say Never,\' by  Ricki Lake  For Lake, who just eloped with her to be intimate." PHOTOS: Inside  Ricki Lake \'s Surprise Wedding Lake divorced ', 'Ricki Lake  has lived her life like an open book ever since making her star turn in the 1988 hit movie "Hairspray." The TV host and actress ', 'Ricki Lake  and Christian Evans secretly eloped over the weekend. The couple married in southern California on Sunday, April 8th. Lake tweeted ', "serious pounds each season by shaking, shimmying and dancing their hearts out night after night on the dance floor.  Ricki Lake , Nancy Grace , Rob Kardashian and Chaz Bono all slimmed down during the show's 10-week season, following in the ", 'while serving in Iraq that burned 40 percent of his body, danced his heart out against finalists Rob Kardashian and  Ricki Lake  in the two-night finale. Lake, who was leading the pack after the first round of dances, surprisingly failed to ', 'HERSELF Into the our hearts on "dancing with the stars." And welcomed a new talk show. Please welcome the singular  ricki lake . Hi, everybody. Great to see you. Hi, everybody. I think I might have just showed my naughty bid for that section ', 'the stars." And welcomed a new talk show. Please welcome the singular ricki lake . Hi, everybody. Great to see you. Hi, everybody. I think I might have just showed my naughty bid for that section over ', 'biggest names in television\'s past walked out, as well and then you had some moments like  ricki lake  winning outstanding talk show, ben bailey for " ricki lake  show" and "cash cab" that had already been canceled. The set, the statues, the stars ', 'past walked out, as well and then you had some moments like ricki lake winning outstanding talk show, ben bailey for " ricki lake show" and "cash cab" that had already been canceled. The set, the statues, the stars. It\'s daytime tv\'s biggest night. But what ', "developing world and this time we take a look at what  Ricki Lake  is doing to help. ABC's be on ankle injury that has know when delivered right into. I delivered me. It  Ricki lake 's new documentary we get a fascinating glimpse into ", "world and this time we take a look at what -- -- Ricki Lake is doing to help. ABC's be on ankle injury that has the story. I had I think you know when delivered right into. I delivered me. It Ricki lake's new documentary we get a fascinating glimpse into the most private moments in the lives of some very public women. Including supermodel ", 'Ricki Lake  is here now she is riding high new husband a new book plus a talk show first word the first line is that lets get this right the way. I loved  Ricki Lake  fact. Then the rich single dating married divorced. Engaged again leveraging ', "Ricki Lake is here now she is riding high new husband a new book plus a talk show that's in the works look at ", "line is that lets get this right -- the way. I loved Ricki Lake fact. Then -- the rich -- single dating married divorced. Engaged again -- leveraging that some people I'm so grateful to John ", "Ricky. a career stalled out. Only after dropping 100 pounds in just six months. What reward of their own talk show  Ricki Lake  that success in interest struggles though and now she's collected some of the listen picked up through painful experience ", "in just six months. What -- reward of their own talk show Ricki Lake that success in interest struggles though and now she's collected some of the listen picked up through painful experience and new book. ", "harmful. We Begin with actress and former talk show host  Ricki Lake  who's been a size 24. And the size for tonight she matter of learning how much is enough. It takes work  Ricki Lake  it can be done. If this concerns. You would have done ", "healthy what's harmful. We Begin with actress and former talk show host Ricki Lake who's been a size 24. And the size for tonight she reveals the price of her fascinating journey and what she's learned. ", 'just a matter of learning how much is enough. It takes work Ricki Lake -- it can be done. If this -- concerns. You would have done which is lose a lot of weight and maintain ']