['Handley of "Chasing Mavericks," Halston Sage of "Grown Ups 2? and more. (And don\'t forget canine star,  Uggie , the dog in " The Artist "). Just like their celebrity counterparts before them, the actors were photographed by the famed Bruce ', 'Edwards/Getty Images  Uggie  is a Hollywood pooch starring in movies such as " Mr .  Fix It ," " Water for Elephants ," and " The Artist ." In 2012,  Uggie  was named Nintendo\'s his performance in " The Artist ." Photo Credit: Dave ', 'Odierno are confirmed guests. " The Artist " Dog  Uggie  category: Washington Times Best Picture-winning film " The Artist " will sport his bowtie again the Washington Times. The  Jack Russell  terrier  Uggie  is set to be the only furry ', "Odiero are confirmed guests. ' The Artist ' Dog  Uggie  category: Washington Times Best Picture-winning film ' The Artist ' will sport his bowtie again the Washington Times. The  Jack Russell  terrier  Uggie  is set to be the only furry ", 'and the threat of nuclear terrorism. (Yonhap/AP Photo) Actress Cloris Leachman gets a smooch from  Uggie , the dog from the movie " The Artist ," at the 26th annual Genesis Awards benefitting the Humane Society, March 24, 2012, in Beverly Hills ', 'like, oh, she\'s standing, great, I\'m going to stand like that, too." Thomas Langman (winner, best picture, " The Artist ") on his good luck charm: "I must say my daughter gave me a coin and that I had in my pocket. I didn\'t think we would ', 'wins, if Spencer scores tonight, her speech and backstage candor are sure to be memorable. -- Uggie . This little guy charmed millions in " The Artist " and won more fans when he donned a bow tie on stage at the Globes. Here\'s hoping he meets ', 'most-coveted trophy. 1. Be foreign. Before there was " The Artist ," currently at the top of many Most Likely to Win racking up seven nominations and one win. This year,  Uggie  could help " The Artist " score awards. Check out the official Oscar schedule ', 'surprise,  Uggie  , the beloved  Jack Russell  terrier that Oscar-nominated film " The Artist ," won best Winner:  Uggie  as the Dog in \' The Artist \' As expected in a film.  Uggie  became a darling Queenie in " Water for Elephants ." His trainer ', 'match of UEFA Europa League, Moscow, Feb. 14, 2012. (Natalia Kolesnikova/AFP/Getty Images)  Uggie , left, from the film " The Artist ", and Dash, arrive at the first annual Golden Collar Awards in Los Angeles, Feb. 13, 2012. The ', 'Uggie , the famous film, " The Artist ," is retiring 10-year-old  Jack Russell  terrier developed Muller said  Uggie  loves starring Being in \' The Artist \' was a great trainer said.  Uggie  has a particularly role in " Water for Elephants ." While ', 'categories.  Uggie , a  Jack Russell , is leading nods for " The Artist " and "Like  Water for Elephants ." Additionally who think  Uggie  ought to be rivalry between  Uggie , Blackie the other  Jack Russell  in "Beginners ', 'film, " The Artist  ." Joey Dog in \' The Artist \' There is film, " The Artist  ." And many played by  Uggie , a 10-year-old  Jack Russell  Terrier dog-handler,"  Uggie \'s trainer Rosie in " Water for Elephants ." "There\'s ', "was he an Oscar That famously silent  Jack Russell  from the movie the looking and forget something or lack Here's the in the movie  the artist . A cat now that and now here's video That was here was hugging the dog  the artist  yet all dog the bounty hunter and I ", "the real thing or was he an Oscar -- That famously silent Jack Russell from the movie the -- looking and -- forget that rare moment when world news actually heard from. Nodding his head as the movie went on to win best picture -- wait a -- question enough to make anyone stand up straight. And Jimmy -- who asked this is something I'm very upset about an eagle line is teams spotted something or lack -- Here's -- the in the movie the artist . A cat now -- that and now here's video of buggy when he was on our show. Now we're gonna love freeze ", "motivation sausages in the actor's pocket. The artists Has already sniffed victory. Oscar's red carpet could host a  Jack Russell  Terrier reunion with Cosmo for beginners. has to play a really tough character she's a and Martin's score says he's ", "artists -- Has already sniffed victory. Oscar's red carpet could host a Jack Russell Terrier reunion with Cosmo for beginners. -- has to play a really tough character she's a -- and Martin's score says he's ", "Hollywood's top dog has signed his first endorsement deal the big ones check out this video he in his new role. We'll there is in  the artist  O'Leary is now in his new role he's the dogs were Nintendo. That's him. Ten years old working hard on his first official ", "out this video he in his new role. We'll there is in the artist O'Leary is now in his new role he's the -- dogs were Nintendo. That's him. Ten years old working hard on his ", 'story of of the. Red carpet and on stage at the Golden Globes practically stole the show. But will be there on Oscar night.  The artist  has ten Oscar nominations including best actor for Georgia. How does everything he does got stiffed. Was abandoned. think ', 'practically stole the show. But will -- be there on Oscar night. The artist has ten Oscar nominations including best actor for -- -- Georgia. How -- does everything he does got stiffed. Was abandoned. -- ', 'And also contenders, russell terriers, reminding us of the other russell terrier who stole the show,  uggie , from the movie " the artist ." He will not compete, but he will cheer on some of his distant cousins. And he did it again. Daredevil ', 'terriers, reminding us of the other russell terrier who stole the show, uggie , from the movie " the artist ." He will not compete, but he will cheer on some of his distant cousins. And he did it again. Daredevil nik wallenda, ']