['way of a tornado in Kansas. Diggs is not as lucky as he thinks when he meets three witches, played by Mila Kunis,  Rachel Weisz  and Michelle Williams, who are not convinced that Diggs eventually will become the wizard. In this magical land ', 'come true," said Young in a statement. Young\'s celebrity clients include Natalie Portman, Michelle Williams and  Rachel Weisz . She consults for designers Jason Wu and Derek Lam and was named the most powerful stylist last year by The Hollywood ', 'Wallis from "Beasts of the Southern Wild" could earn a nod, although Adams doesn\'t see her ultimately winning.  Rachel Weisz  for "The Deep Blue Sea," Helen Mirren for "Hitchcock" and Kiera Knightley for "Anna Karenina" are potential upstarts ', 'she notices it "more than anybody else."  Rachel Weisz  Oscar-winning actress  Rachel Weisz  feels so strongly about plastic surgery\'s Telegraph in August 2011. Emma Thompson Along with  Rachel Weisz  and Kate Winslet, Thompson has voiced her ', "because the mood lends itself so well to fashion. What collections have stuck out to you for some of your clients like  Rachel Weisz  or Michelle Williams? Jason Wu was the most exciting one. I work with him so I'm super inspired by whatever he has ", 'Eventually, though, he\'ll discover the truth - "Number Five is alive!" Also on the hit list is Dr. Marta Shearing ( Rachel Weisz ), the scientist in charge of examining program participants. Weisz holds her own during the well-choreographed ', 'she notices it "more than anybody else."  Rachel Weisz  Oscar-winning actress  Rachel Weisz  feels so strongly about plastic surgery\'s told the Telegraph. Emma Thompson Along with  Rachel Weisz  and Kate Winslet, Thompson has voiced her ', "Bourne - he's a trained assassin on the run. The trailer also includes appearances by Renner's co-stars including  Rachel Weisz  and Edward Norton , the latter of whom plays a bad guy. There are plenty of references to Bourne in the trailer, too ", "close-up of Oscar-winning actress  Rachel Weisz  for exaggerating the product's the luminosity or wrinkling of  Rachel Weisz 's face, we considered that the advertisement is a true representation of  Rachel Weisz . The product claims are based ", 'her face. Winslet isn\'t the only Brit speaking out against going under the knife. Fellow Oscar-winning actresses  Rachel Weisz , 41, and Emma Thompson, 52, also oppose cosmetic surgery. "We\'re in this awful youth-driven thing now where ', 'barley and other grains, as well as many processed foods, soups, salad dressings and sauces. Victoria Beckham,  Rachel Weisz  and Gwyneth Paltrow are among the celebrities who have publicly promoted gluten-free eating. Weight loss, better ', 'for "On the Waterfront"), Meryl Streep ("Sophie\'s Choice"), Catherine Zeta-Jones ("Chicago") and  Rachel Weisz  ("The Constant Gardener"). Zeta-Jones even gushed about her state when she accepted her best supporting actress ', 'Being pregnant for the ceremony greatly ups your chances of a Best Actress or Best Supporting Actress win. In 2006,  Rachel Weisz  had a voluptuous, pregnancy glow when she won the Oscar for Best Supporting Actress in "The Constant Gardner. Who can ', 'whole new level. Joining us now, two of its stars,  rachel weisz  and jeremy renner. Federal, thank you for getting When to you get a chance to do that? Jeremy renner,  rachel weisz , "the bourne legacy."', "to a whole new level. Joining us now, two of its stars, rachel weisz and jeremy renner. Federal, thank you for getting up with us. Skr jeremy, right out of the gate, you're not taking the ", 'Fantastic. When to you get a chance to do that? Jeremy renner, rachel weisz , "the bourne legacy." ', 'Actress who plays Evanora the witch in "Oz: The Great and Powerful" stops by "GMA."', "as c'mon give me. They're great and powerful on the great powerful left living near Venice Michelle Williams.  Rachel Weisz  who played the three witches in the looking anything that's scary on the yellow brick road that replaced the usual ", "-- on the great powerful left -- living near Venice Michelle Williams. Rachel Weisz who played the three witches in the -- looking anything that's scary on the yellow brick road that replaced the usual red ", "last time. Unbound captives. Your directorial debut upcoming. Tell us about that. It's a film, hugh jackman and  rachel weisz  are attached. It's a period western but very romantic. I never felt that women have played much into the western ", "debut upcoming. Tell us about that. It's a film, hugh jackman and rachel weisz are attached. It's a period western but very romantic. I never felt that women have played much into the western genre. And ", "cutting it out entirely can be dangerous. Here's Michael Eckert chairman rat with details. Victoria Beckham. Is doing  Rachel Weisz  and Gwyneth Paltrow raves about. It might not sound sexy but going gluten free is In Hollywood right now. And those ", 'Eckert chairman rat with details. Victoria Beckham. Is doing -- -- -- Rachel Weisz and Gwyneth Paltrow raves about. It might not sound sexy but going gluten free is -- In Hollywood right now. And those ']