['he\'ll get another reality-TV show out of this.  Rebecca Gayheart  and Eric Dane Gawker Media has been on the receiving Grey\'s Anatomy" actor Eric Dane and his wife,  Rebecca Gayheart , sued the blog network for publishing their private ', "setting off the sprinkler system and snapping the power lines during a storm. Dane's pregnant wife, actress  Rebecca Gayheart , was home alone in the house during the incident and was forced to flee with their 20-month-old daughter. The ", "The things those two could accomplish together! Kari Ann Peniche She did make a nudie sandwich with Eric Dane and  Rebecca Gayheart . M'onique Since she's implied that she's down for an open marriage. Rachel Uchitel Charlie is the next logical ", 'of "Saturday Night Live." Eric Dane A tape starring "Grey\'s Anatomy" hot doc Eric Dane , his actress-wife  Rebecca Gayheart  and former Miss U.S. Teen Kari Ann Peniche appeared on Gawker.com in August. While no one was seen performing ', 'of "Saturday Night Live." Eric Dane A tape starring "Grey\'s Anatomy" hot doc Eric Dane , his actress-wife  Rebecca Gayheart  and former Miss U.S. Teen Kari Ann Peniche appeared on Gawker.com in August. While no one was seen performing ', 'of "Saturday Night Live." Eric Dane A tape starring "Grey\'s Anatomy" hot doc Eric Dane , his actress-wife  Rebecca Gayheart  and former Miss U.S. Teen Kari Ann Peniche appeared on Gawker.com in August. While no one was seen performing ', 'Anatomy" hot doc Eric Dane , his actress-wife  Rebecca Gayheart  and former Miss U.S. Teen Kari Ann Peniche appeared DeGeneres that the two were working on having children.  Rebecca Gayheart  The "naked" tape marks Gayheart\'s most high-profile ', 'tough, but if that\'s the trade-off, that\'s fine." Dane still managed to walk the red carpet with his wife,  Rebecca Gayheart , 36, at the Screen Actors Guild Awards on Jan. 27. And he says he probably should have used sunscreen more often ', 'Prison Break" actor Lane Garrison recently pleaded guilty to vehicular manslaughter. TV stars like Brandy and  Rebecca Gayheart  may have to endure their own sentences after getting involved in serious car crashes that resulted in the deaths ', 'at the Wednesday evening fundraiser were Eric Dane , who plays "Dr. McSteamy" on ABC\'s "Grey\'s Anatomy,"  Rebecca Gayheart  , who first gained recognition in the 1990s as "The Noxzema Girl," and Pauly Shore of "Encino Man" and other ', 'Former Beverly Hills, 90210 star  Rebecca Gayheart  has been charged with vehicular manslaughter for a June 13 accident in Los Angeles in which a 9-year-old boy was killed The ', 'Former Beverly Hills, 90210 star  Rebecca Gayheart  has been charged with vehicular manslaughter for a June 13 accident in Los Angeles in which a 9-year-old boy was killed The ', 'Former Beverly Hills, 90210 star  Rebecca Gayheart  has been charged with vehicular manslaughter for a June 13 accident in Los Angeles in which a 9-year-old boy was killed The ']