['really do adore her. She has a great husband and he\'s got a lot of money so..." Loughlin is married to fashion designer Mossimo Giannulli and has two daughters. Stamos hasn\'t remarried since his divorce from  Rebecca Romijn  in 2005.', 'should let them in on the fact that I\'m a different person, and a better person." When  Rebecca Romijn  married John Stamos, she became  Rebecca Romijn -Stamos. When they divorced, she went back to her maiden name. She joked when she got ', 'Nov. 6: Lincoln Elected President in 1860; Ronald Reagan Runs for Governor 1966; Wall St. Town Hall From 1987', 'Famous Birthdays 1931 Mike Nichols 1946 Sally Field 1955 Maria Shriver 1960 Michael Cerveris 1970 Ethan Hawke 1972  Rebecca Romijn  1976 Pat Tillman 1988 Emma Stone Jump Back to Nov. 5: Day in History . View more videos from This Month in History ', 'break from acting to attend New York University. Now, at age 37, the father of twin girls with model/actress  Rebecca Romijn , is finishing up his law degree at Southwestern Law School in Los Angeles. He enrolled in night classes in 2009 ', 'iVillage.com. "It\'s a little film -- a little fish in a big sea.... This film was made with such love."  Rebecca Romijn  Romijn will also be skipping the resolution this year. "I don\'t make resolutions because I don\'t ever want to ', "ditched the rocker, who knows? Pam could have been the next poet laureate! Click here for more from TheFrisky.com  Rebecca Romijn  apparently isn't one to learn from her mistakes, after divorcing John Stamos and dropping his name from Romijn-Stamos ", 'I know my girls will too because it\'s a great way for them to get all the nutrients that go with it," actress  Rebecca Romijn  says in one commercial. The campaign, called "Raise Your Hand for Chocolate Milk," is costing the dairy industry ', 'roller derby women. Actress Raquel Welch played a roller derby girl in the 1972 movie, "Kansas City Bomber," and  Rebecca Romijn  jumped into the skates in "Rollerball" in 2002 . Real life roller derby girls say it\'s the mix of beauty and aggression ', 'Starting Rate: $205 One & Only Palmilla, Los Cabos, Mexico Celebrity Guests: Sienna Miller, Jessica Alba,  Rebecca Romijn , Christina Aguilera The One & Only Palmilla, Los Cabos, Mexico Hollywood stars have been staying at Palmilla for ', 'Christina, Becki Newton as Amanda, Mark Indelicato as Justin, Michael Urie as Marc, Kevin Sussman as Walter,  Rebecca Romijn  as Alexis Meade and Vanessa Williams as Wilhelmina Slater. Academy Award nominee and Emmy Award winner Salma Hayek ', 'God intervening for reasons not yet known. Left unresolved by X III is whether Mystique, played by the scrumptious  Rebecca Romijn , was nude. In her blue mutant form, Mystique seemed to be wearing a blue thong bikini. But when Romijn lost her ', 'will make it the most widely read magazine edition in the world. Eight models, including veterans Rachel Hunter,  Rebecca Romijn  and Elle MacPherson, grace the cover this year. The veterans will be joined by Elsa Benitez, Yamila Diaz-Rahi ', "Rebecca Romijn -Stamos says she hasn't been spending time with another famous actor since her recent break up with husband John Stamos "]