['In a speech to the American people from the Oval Office in the White House, President Barack Obama outlines the efforts under way to clean up the BP oil spill disaster in the Gulf, clean up the oil industry and its regulatory agency, and finally wean Americans off oil.', '. Eleven workers lost their lives. Seventeen others were injured. And soon, nearly a mile beneath the surface of the ocean, oil began spewing into the water.', 'Because there has never been a leak of this size at this depth, stopping it has tested the limits of human technology. That is why just after the rig sank, I assembled a team of our ', ' to mobilize additional equipment and technology. In the coming days and weeks, these efforts should capture up to 90% of the oil leaking out of the well. This is until the company finishes drilling a relief well later in the summer that is expected to stop the leak completely.', ' has ever faced. And unlike an earthquake or a hurricane, it is not a single event that does its damage in ', ' are more like an epidemic, one that we will be fighting for months and even years.', "we will fight this spill with everything we've got for as long it takes. We will make ", " pay for the damage their company has caused. And we will do whatever's necessary to help the ", "Tonight I'd like to lay out for you what our battle plan is going forward: what we're doing to clean up the oil, what we're doing to help our neighbors in the ", ", and what we're doing to make sure that a catastrophe like this never happens again.", 'First, the cleanup. From the very beginning of this crisis, the federal government has been in charge of the largest environmental cleanup effort in our ', ', who has almost forty years of experience responding to disasters. We now have nearly 30,000 personnel who are working across four ', ' to contain and cleanup the oil. Thousands of ships and other vessels are responding in the ', ' members along the coast. These servicemen and women are ready to help stop the oil from coming ashore, clean beaches, train response workers, or even help with processing claims -- ', 'Because of our efforts, millions of gallons of oil have already been removed from the water through burning, skimming, and other collection methods. Over five and a half million feet of boom has been laid across the water to block and absorb the approaching oil. We have approved the construction of new barrier islands in ', 'As the clean up continues, we will offer whatever additional resources and assistance our ', " may need. Now, a mobilization of this speed and magnitude will never be perfect, and new challenges will always arise. I saw and heard evidence of that during this trip. So if something isn't working, we want to hear about it. If there are problems in the operation, we will fix them.", "But we have to recognize that despite our best efforts, oil has already caused damage to our coastline and its wildlife. And sadly, no matter how effective our response becomes, there will be more oil and more damage before this siege is done. That's why the second thing we're focused on is the recovery and restoration of the ", "You know, for generations, men and women who call this region home have made their living from the water. That living is now in jeopardy. I've talked to shrimpers and fishermen who don't know how they're going to support their families this year. I've seen empty docks and restaurants with fewer customers -- even in areas where the beaches are not yet affected. I've talked to owners of shops and hotels who wonder when the tourists will start to come back. The sadness and anger they feel is not just about the money they've lost. It's about a wrenching anxiety that their way of life may be lost.", " and inform him that he is to set aside whatever resources are required to compensate the workers and business owners who have been harmed as a result of his company's recklessness. And this fund will not be controlled by ", '. In order to ensure that all legitimate claims are paid out in a fair and timely manner, the account must and will be administered by an independent, third party.', " in the short-term, it's also clear we need a long-term plan to restore the unique beauty and bounty of this region. The ", ' represents just the latest blow to a place that has already suffered multiple economic disasters and decades of ', " that has led to disappearing wetlands and habitats. And the region still hasn't recovered from ", "The third part of our response plan is the steps we're taking to ensure that a disaster like this does not happen again. A few months ago, I approved a proposal to consider new, limited ", ' under the assurance that it would be absolutely safe -- that the proper technology would be in place and the necessary precautions would be taken.', ' rig, and I want to know why. The American people deserve to know why. The families I met with last week who lost their loved ones in the explosion -- these families deserve to know why. And so I have established a ', ' to understand the causes of this disaster and offer recommendations on what additional safety and environmental standards we need to put in place. Already, I have issued a six-month moratorium on ', '. I know this creates difficulty for the people who work on these rigs, but for the sake of their safety, and for the sake of the entire region, we ', ' to complete its work as quickly as possible, I expect them to do that work thoroughly and impartially.', 'One place we have already begun to take action is at the agency in charge of regulating drilling and issuing permits, known as the ', '. Over the last decade, this agency has become emblematic of a failed philosophy that views all regulation with hostility -- a philosophy that says corporations should be allowed to play by their own rules and police themselves. At this agency, ', ' showered regulators with gifts and favors, and were essentially allowed to conduct their own safety inspections and write their own regulations.', " became my Secretary of the Interior, one of his very first acts was to clean up the worst of the corruption at this agency. But it's now clear that the problems there ran much deeper, and the pace of reform was just too slow. And so Secretary ", ', who was a tough federal prosecutor and Inspector General. His charge over the next few months is to build an organization that acts as the ', "One of the lessons we've learned from this spill is that we need better regulations better ", '. But a larger lesson is that no matter how much we improve our regulation of the ', " these days entails greater risk. After all, oil is a finite resource. We consume more than 20% of the world's oil, but have less than 2% of the world's ", " are drilling a mile beneath the surface of the ocean -- because we're running out of places to drill on land and in ", 'For decades, we have known the days of cheap and easily accessible oil were numbered. For decades, we have talked and talked about the need to end ', '. And for decades, we have failed to act with the sense of urgency that this challenge requires. ', '. Each day, we send nearly $1 billion of our wealth to foreign countries for their oil. And today, as we look to the ', ', we see an entire way of life being threatened by a menacing cloud of black crude.', 'We cannot consign our children to this future. The tragedy unfolding on our coast is the most painful and powerful reminder yet that the time to embrace a ', ' will take some time, but over the last year and a half, we have already taken unprecedented action to jumpstart the ', '. As we speak, old factories are reopening to produce wind turbines, people are going back to work installing ', '-efficient windows, and small businesses are making solar panels. Consumers are buying more efficient cars and trucks, and families are making their homes more ', 'Each of us has a part to play in a new future that will benefit all of us. As we recover from this recession, the transition to ', ' has the potential to grow our economy and create millions of good, middle-class jobs -- but only if we accelerate that transition. Only if we seize the moment. And only if we rally together and act as one ', ' -- workers and entrepreneurs; scientists and citizens; the public and private sectors.', 'When I was a candidate for this office, I laid out a set of principles that would move our country towards ', "Now, there are costs associated with this transition. And some believe we can't afford those costs right now. I say we can't afford not to change how we produce and use ", 'So I am happy to look at other ideas and approaches from either party -- as long they seriously tackle our addiction to ', '. Some have suggested raising efficiency standards in our buildings like we did in our cars and trucks. Some believe we should set standards to ensure that more of our electricity comes from wind and ', ' does on research and development -- and want to rapidly boost our investments in such research and development.', 'All of these approaches have merit, and deserve a fear hearing in the months ahead. But the one approach I will not accept is inaction. The one answer I will not settle for is the idea that this challenge is too big and too difficult to meet. You see, the same thing was said about our ability to produce enough planes and tanks in ', '. The same thing was said about our ability to harness the science and technology to land a man safely on the surface of the moon. And yet, ', ', we have refused to settle for the paltry limits of conventional wisdom. Instead, what has defined us as a ', ' since our founding is our capacity to shape our destiny -- our determination to fight for the ', " we want for our children. Even if we're unsure exactly what that looks like. Even if we don't yet know precisely how to get there. We know we'll get there.", ' that sustains us as a people. It is that same faith that sustains our neighbors in the ', "Each year, at the beginning of shrimping season, the region's fishermen take part in a tradition that was brought to ", '," and today it\'s a celebration where clergy from different religions gather to say a prayer for the safety and success of the men and women who will soon head out to sea -- some for weeks at a time.', ', and it took place a few weeks ago -- at the beginning of the most difficult season these fishermen have ever faced.', 'And still, they came and they prayed. For as a priest and former fisherman once said of the tradition, "The blessing is not that God has promised to remove all obstacles and dangers. The blessing is that He is with us always," a blessing that\'s granted "...even in the midst of the storm."', ' has known hard times before and we will surely know them again. What sees us through -- what has always seen us through -- is our strength, our resilience, and our unyielding faith that something better awaits us if we summon the courage to reach for it. Tonight, we pray for that courage. We pray for the people of the ']