['Colorado did something its last time out that no other team has been able to do this season -- defeat the Chicago Blackhawks in regulation.The Avalanche will try to ...', 'After posting consecutive shutout wins, the stingy Anaheim Ducks will try for a third straight victory when they host the St. Louis Blues on Sunday.The Pacific Divis...', 'David Jones scored at 4:43 of overtime and Semyon Varlamov stopped 33 shots, leading the Colorado Avalanche to a 1-0 win over the St. Louis Blues on Wednesday night ...', 'Perron gets go-ahead goal in 3rd, Blues end home slump with 2-1 win over Columbus', 'David Perron scored the go-ahead goal midway through the third period and the St. Louis Blues ended a five-game home losing streak with a 2-1 victory over the Columb...', 'David Perron scored in the third period to lift the St. Louis Blues over the Columbus Blue Jackets, 2-1, on Saturday.Chris Stewart also scored for the Blues, who sna...', 'Alex Steen scored just 52 seconds into overtime to help the St. Louis Blues take a 4-3 win over the Detroit Red Wings on Wednesday.In the extra session, Barret Jackm...', 'The St. Louis Blues will try to win back-to-back games for the first time this month as they continue their road trip with a stop in Calgary to battle the Flames.The...', 'The well-rested St. Louis Blues try to extend their three- game winning streak Thursday evening as they visit the Columbus Blue Jackets.The Blues opened the season b...', 'Brian Elliott makes 24 saves, benefits from quick 3-0 flurry as Blues beat Blue Jackets 4-1', "The St. Louis Blues take pride in the fact they're a band of players without a real superstar.They don't win individual awards. All they do is win games.Barret Jackm...", 'David Backes led a balanced offensive attack with a goal and an assist as the St. Louis Blues handled the Columbus Blue Jackets, 4-1, on Thursday.Barret Jackman, Pat...', "The Detroit Red Wings will try to get some payback for a brutal season-opening loss when they host the surging St. Louis Blues in Friday's Central Division clash at ...", 'Vladimir Sobotka scored from close range at 2:16 of overtime to give the St. Louis Blues a 5-4 victory over the Minnesota Wild on Sunday night.St. Louis is 5-1, its ...', 'Vladimir Sobotka scored 2:16 into overtime to lift the St. Louis Blues over the Minnesota Wild, 5-4, on Sunday.Wade Redden, Patrik Berglund, Chris Stewart and Barret...', 'Andy McDonald posted a goal and two assists as St. Louis grabbed the lead in this Western Conference quarterfinal series with a 4-3 win over San Jose in Game 3.Brian...', "St. Louis Blues goaltender Jaroslav Halak has been ruled out for the remainder of the team's Western Conference semifinal series against the Los Angels Kings.Halak w...", 'Brian Elliott will start in net for the Blues in Game 3 of their Western Conference quarterfinal series against the Sharks.Starting netminder Jaroslav Halak has been...', 'Jaroslav Halak and Brian Elliott combined to make 29 saves and the St. Louis Blues took a 3-0 win over the San Jose Sharks in Game 2 of their Western Conference quar...', "St. Louis has to be pleased it's made the playoffs for a second straight year, but the Blues can't be thrilled about drawing the defending Stanley Cup champions in t...", 'Two long-time have-not franchises that took off after switching coaches midseason are among the last eight standing in the Stanley Cup playoffs.Ken Hitchcock of the ...']