["The St. Louis Blues were 6-7 when coach Ken Hitchcock came aboard. They've been among the NHL's best ever since.Jamie Langenbrunner and David Perron scored in a 45-s...", 'The San Jose Sharks will try to even the best-of-seven Western Conference quarterfinals at two games apiece when they host the second-seeded St. Louis Blues in tonig...', 'T.J. Oshie scored the only goal in the shootout and relief goal Brian Elliott was perfect as the St. Louis Blues beat New Jersey 4-3 on Thursday night to end the Dev...', "There's a major contrast between playing at home and on the road this season for the St. Louis Blues , who have made Scottrade Center a safe haven through the first ...", "The St. Louis Blues will take aim at their longest winning leading Vancouver Canucks in tonight's showdown at Scottrade Center.The Blues have won four straight for t...", 'It took what Blues All-Star goaltender Brian Elliott called a "perfect storm" for his club to suffer a rare loss at home.After having a four-game win streak snapped ...', 'Chris Kunitz scored the deciding goal on a backhander in the fourth round of a shootout and the Pittsburgh Penguins took a seven-game winning streak into the All-Sta...', "Scoring the first goal was key to the Canucks' success a season ago. They are quickly learning this year how hard it is to play from behind.Playing the second of bac...", 'Last spring, the St. Louis Blues missed out on the playoffs 12.St. Louis made 25 straight postseason appearances from 1979-2004, but the club has been in rebuild mod...', 'The surprising Los Angeles Kings will shoot for a commanding 3-0 lead in the best-of-seven Western Conference semifinals, as they host the second-seeded St. Louis Bl...', "The second-seeded St. Louis Blues used their goaltending depth to even the best-of-seven Western Conference quarterfinals at one win apiece, and they'll try to grab ...", "Saturday might have been the easiest shutout of Brian Elliott's NHL career.The 26-year-old netminder needed to make just 13 saves to record his sixth shutout of the ...", 'The St. Louis Blues have proven they can get it done at home. Picking up some wins on the road will show just how much of a contender they actually are.The Blues beg...', 'The Detroit Red Wings have been a model 12 campaign?Goaltender Jimmy Howard was terrible last year ranking 33rd in the league in goals-against average at 2.79 and 30...', 'So far, the second round has been a carbon copy of the first for the Los Angeles Kings. Two road games, two wins.Two more, and they will have toppled the top two see...', 'If defense wins championships, then the league just might want to consider giving the St. Louis Blues the Stanley Cup right now.The Blues allowed a league-low 165 go...', 'A good weekend at the draft table can lead to big things in the years to come. The Boston Bruins are just the latest example of the rewards of drafting well.Every te...', 'Andrew Murray, Rick Nash and Fedor Tyutin each scored in the third period, and the Columbus Blue Jackets scored five unanswered goals to beat the St. Louis Blues 5-2...', 'Brandon Yip scored twice and Kevin Shattenkirk broke a third-period tie on a power play, helping the Colorado Avalanche snap a two-game skid with a 4-3 win over the ...', "The St. Louis Blues, already depleted because of injuries, will be without defenseman Alex Pietrangelo for Wednesday's game at Detroit.The 20-year-old Pietrangelo ha..."]