['also says right there? Hail the queen. Grammy winner, oscar nominee, we have run out of time for the interview.  Queen latifah . Starring in now and executive producing "steel magnolias" for lifetime. This isn\'t an obscure, niche project ', 'winner, oscar nominee, we have run out of time for the interview. Queen latifah . Starring in now and executive producing "steel magnolias" for lifetime. This isn\'t an obscure, niche project. It was updated. What drew you ', "plus Dana Owens a better known as  Queen Latifah  has won a Grammy Golden Globe to will be. enough when we ask  Queen Latifah  how she wanted to spend the day It's true like 41 years old  Queen Latifah  has catapulted her career from ", "In the two decades plus -- Dana Owens a better known as Queen Latifah has won a Grammy Golden Globe and has been nominated for the Academy Award. She's -- short of surprises and to move away with a new movie in the offing ABC's Lara Spencer introduces us to a site of the queen. You haven't seen. You know -- -- friends just because we LL. I don't you get a fat it was at least attempt to will be. -- enough when we ask Queen Latifah how she wanted to spend the day. -- -- -- -- It was not my -- where's my -- on the end. ", "a lot of strikes these days. It's true like 41 years old Queen Latifah has catapulted her career from the prone -- I carpets and I am who am -- you work out the siege -- ", 'All hail the queen the  Queen Latifah  is a Grammy winner and Oscar nominated actress and but she says that one of her most. Satisfying accomplishments has been learning ', 'All hail the queen the Queen Latifah is a Grammy winner and Oscar nominated actress and -- -- -- -- but she says that one of her most. Satisfying ', "Track record about the huge success whether she's singing. Back They businesswoman she knows how. Diligently in the top of the music. Billboard charts and we just got beat Oscar nomination the Grammy victories and now she has turned her guide to fashion all hail. But cleaned Okay. Okay. That's not", "grader to learn and in support and nurturing environment. All. Centennial celebration we quarter with rapper actress  Queen Latifah  at the Hershey's flagship store in New York City who has been impressed by the student. All of these amazing things ", "nurturing environment. All. -- -- Centennial celebration we quarter with rapper actress Queen Latifah at the Hershey's flagship store in New York City who has been impressed by the student. All of these amazing things. So ", "You have the queen collection that don't own perfume now me broke. What's next we were movies. thirty. That the news and help balance thing Eric Parsons director that comes out if this thing slide. applicants you know the Eight point eight months expedient victory. This out you know statements", "Force of nature of  Queen Latifah  fresh off a Golden Globe win for best actress for movie life support congratulations video games and He now she's back on the ", "Force of nature of Queen Latifah fresh off a Golden Globe win for best actress for movie life support congratulations video games and He now she's back on ", "new. We out small noises and musical comedy starring  Queen Latifah  and Dolly Parton. Yeah and we just for talking about the gospel choir singing which the rose hill played by  Queen Latifah . Is that really too happy about in let's just say ", "new. We out -- -- -- small noises and musical comedy starring Queen Latifah and Dolly Parton. Yeah and we just for talking about her age sixty -- yes looks amazing doesn't she will Wii -- ", "mold the gospel choir singing which the -- rose hill played by Queen Latifah . Is that really too happy about -- in let's just say via wants to keep things a little conservative in the name ", 'course is that romantic comedy with  Queen Latifah  the basic premise of the movie common fall in love rather than  Queen Latifah . Then He gets injured everything changes and  Queen Latifah  finds herself in the position ', "went inside just right which of course is that romantic comedy with Queen Latifah -- the basic premise of the movie. She's a 35 year old physical therapists who is perpetually single and a lifelong New ", "now predictably been -- sister and common fall in love rather than Queen Latifah . Then He gets injured everything changes and Queen Latifah finds herself in the position -- CS to step in and rehab him. She's a 24 hour -- in rehab specialists take ", "joining us today to talk about all the is the one and only  Queen Latifah . And sit down as president of the Academy of Motion ventilate him. And we getting there. As everyone has  Queen Latifah  I understand you're presenting an award Sunday can ", "today to talk about all the -- is the one and only Queen Latifah . And sit down as president of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences. Welcome to both of you thanks so much for joining us. Thank you thank you so the 81 annual Academy Awards just days away at this point -- you both very excited. Yes actually yes wood counting down about half hunting and hunting and and hyper ventilate him. And we getting there. As everyone has -- Queen Latifah I understand you're presenting an award Sunday can you tell us what category. I can't tell you what category I can say ", 'to memphis soul as part of a serious call in performance at the white house. Also there to bring the house down,  queen latifah , alabama shake, mavis staples and al green, who by the way, the first lady says the president thinks he sounds ', 'performance at the white house. Also there to bring the house down, queen latifah , alabama shake, mavis staples and al green, who by the way, the first lady says the president thinks he sounds exactlily she ', "list very soon August 20 ninth that's a full list and there have been other names which. Has since been denied like  Queen Latifah  Larry King Snowe a key grab on to recent today some passive and has New Jersey wanted to be on that they didn't want ", 'and there have been other names which. Has since been denied like Queen Latifah Larry King Snowe a key grab on to recent today some -- passive and has -- New Jersey wanted to be on ', "It's called to and Tony saying for some of today's hottest stars made you god thank you Carrie Underwood queen  Queen Latifah . Chris Cuomo got the chance of talking we're seeing there. Winehouse who spoke with her before she got this thing ", "of today's hottest stars made you god thank you Carrie Underwood queen Queen Latifah . Chris Cuomo got the chance of talking we're seeing -- there. Winehouse who spoke with her before she got this thing. It's ", "favorites Anthony Dominic Benedetto. Don't know who is oh yes you do and I'll give you have. What do Lady Gaga  Queen Latifah  and Carrie Underwood all have in common. They all wanna be in the same room with the silky smooth voice that brought ", "yes you do and I'll give you have. What do Lady Gaga Queen Latifah and Carrie Underwood all have in common. They all wanna be in the same room with the silky smooth voice that brought ", 'Let booted Condit they killed the local. And the earth happened eight. So those are recognizable voices are back  Queen Latifah  Ray Romano and Denis but an ice age for a hear me who Jennifer Lopez the year also gonna hear nick humanize and the ', '-- -- -- -- -- So those are recognizable voices are back Queen Latifah Ray Romano and Denis -- but an ice age for a -- -- -- hear me who -- -- Jennifer Lopez the ', "now your character that relate this isn't some pretty high profile people in the up. What it's like working with  Queen Latifah  and Dolly Parton what sort of 24 when I was nine So you know we were very from aliens with each other and I was happy ", "high profile people in the -- up. What it's like working with Queen Latifah and Dolly Parton what sort of 24 when I was nine -- -- So you know we were very from aliens with ", 'song and not so good and a footnote to all of this seems fans are paying tribute to Whitney online first on Twitter  Queen Latifah  wrote. Oh dear lord hurting so bad my sister Whitney and Barbara Streisand wrote everything. Beauty and magnificent ', 'this seems fans are paying tribute to Whitney online first on Twitter Queen Latifah wrote. Oh dear lord hurting so bad my sister Whitney and Barbara Streisand wrote -- everything. Beauty and magnificent voice how sad ', "this month's vogue. Back got fashion he attention. We spent a lot of time working fans in fact box of women like  Queen Latifah  and Melissa McCarthy of bridesmaids defendants have been here are coming their plus size notices that the slim supermodel ", 'of time working -- -- fans in fact box of women like Queen Latifah and Melissa McCarthy of bridesmaids -- -- defendants have been here are coming their plus size notices that the -- slim supermodel ']