['Saying he\'d had it with the "sideshows and carnival barkers" of the so-called birther movement, President Obama on Wednesday released his official long-form birth certificate, but evidently for some it was still not sufficient proof to put the issue to rest. NBC\'s Savannah Guthrie reports. ', 'This content comes from Closed Captioning that was broadcast along with this program.', 'good evening. there are people who remember his mother when she was pregnant and living in ', '. there are people who remember seeing him as a baby in the nursery in the hospital right after ', '. but because there have always been doubters demanding more and because one of them is famous and loud and named trump, today, ', " showing the particulars, and while the president acknowledged it still won't be enough for some, he told the ", "good evening, brian. the president's personal lawyer had to get a special legal exception from ", ' and a fake controversy, but this was kind of creeping into the ma mainstream. today, the president decided enough was enough.', "we're not going to be able to solve our problems if we get distracted by sideshows and carnival barkers.", ' that mrmr. bomb ozwas born somewhere other than america. in june 20008, they posted the official ', ' on the internet, and news clippings also surfaced showing his birth announcement in the honolulu news paper. still, some doubters said the only sufficient proof would be the long-form department kept by the ', "we have to see is it real, is it proper, what's on it? but i hope it checks out beautifully.", "he was ignored. a recent poll showed two thirds of republicans question the president's birth place, and though he's tried to laugh it off at times --", 'i happen to know my approval ratings are still very high in the country of my birth --', 'we live in a serious time right now, and we do not have time for this kind of silliness. we have better stuff to do.', 'traveling to chicago later for an appearance on oprah, the first lady weighed in.', " today. i felt the raised seal, i saw the names, the date, the place of birth. so mr. trump is saying there's a lot of revelations thanks to him, but the fact remains as it has with the short-form certificate as it has for years, the president was born in honolulu, "]