["got some experience are you ready for him to miss  Priscilla Presley  her boyfriend. Okay. That particular scene victims it comics I'm so excited I mean come on it's  Priscilla Presley  yeah. The and then. Not again beginning Elvis movie ", 'some experience -- -- -- are you ready for him to miss Priscilla Presley her boyfriend. Okay. That particular scene victims -- back so how did you decide to do -- -- -- your nail. Biting ', "you know it comics I'm so excited I mean come on it's Priscilla Presley yeah. The -- and then. Not again beginning Elvis movie and music great -- said that after I I just and I ", "finally. Check itself and com that she would know you've had five other. I'm Dancing With The Stars part of  Priscilla Presley  Lisa Kelly Osborne had an She's awesome and when I think it's so inspirational. His that we have come this far ", "-- you've had five other. I'm Dancing With The Stars part of Priscilla Presley Lisa -- Kelly Osborne had an -- -- She's awesome and when I think it's so inspirational. His that we have come ", 'Can you were cool and He celebrities who came into the center when you have IMAX. John Travolta Kelly Preston  Priscilla Presley  Lisa Marie and her winter Isaac Hayes and Tom Cruise. The Hubbard died in 1986. David missed damage became the ', "into the center when you have -- IMAX. John Travolta Kelly Preston Priscilla Presley Lisa Marie and her winter Isaac Hayes and Tom Cruise. The Hubbard died in 1986. David missed damage became the church's leader. ", "when when these are the best news dancer upstairs and don't even think about it is it's just over a stuck to a  Priscilla Presley  last week a senselessly it sweetly mean but I gotta tell you I don't know if you cut this she's Bernard. Which ", "even think about it is it's just over a stuck to a Priscilla Presley last week -- a -- senselessly it -- sweetly mean but I gotta tell you I don't know if you cut this ", "you know. Dresses but that's really one of the reasons why decided to do the show me stay on the and actresses  Priscilla Presley  and Shannon Elizabeth. A Tony award winner Marissa Jaret Winokur. Oscar winner Marlee Matlin. Fabian Sanchez is ", 'decided to do the show me stay on the -- and actresses Priscilla Presley and Shannon Elizabeth. A Tony award winner Marissa Jaret Winokur. -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- Oscar winner Marlee Matlin. ', "gonna so I am very proud of her she did a great job. she has absolutely. Beautiful she was beautiful what about  Priscilla Presley  she says she's the most mature competitor. And what she came the 24. Chris was a shock I mean I had no idea she ", "job. -- -- she has absolutely. Beautiful she was beautiful what about Priscilla Presley she says she's the most mature competitor. And what she came -- the 24. Chris was a shock I mean I had ", "spoke with a lot of close friends and family like  Priscilla Presley  and Jerry Schilling one of the Memphis mafia. We these shows and it's a very go places filled.  Priscilla Presley  remembers different Las Vegas from. Before Elvis ", "because we spoke with a lot of close friends and family like Priscilla Presley and Jerry Schilling one of the Memphis mafia. We also got some special interviews and performances from today's top according stars people ", "these shows -- -- -- and it's a very go places filled. Priscilla Presley remembers -- different Las Vegas from. Before Elvis came to town. It was wrong. Much more subdued. And never in my wildest "]