["Office said today is investigating the cause of death of  Rita Hayworth 's grandson, Andrew Embiricos, who was found dead Alzheimer's Association. His grandmother, the actress  Rita Hayworth , succumbed to the disease in 1987. While attending ", 'estimated U.S. population at 300 million in 2006. Famous Birthdays 1903 Nathaniel West 1912 Pope John Paul I 1918  Rita Hayworth  1938 Evil Knievel 1959 Richard Roeper 1968 Ziggy Marley 1969 Wyclef Jean 1972 Eminem 1974 Ariel Levy Jump back to Oct ', "creation of Dalia Messick, who wrote under the pen name of Dale Messick and based Brenda's looks on the actress  Rita Hayworth . In 1940, Brenda was a rarity: a career woman at a time the comics pages were dominated by men. Brenda worked for the ", 'hotel for a period. Alfred Hitchcock shot scenes for "The Man Who Knew Too Much" there more than 50 years ago.  Rita Hayworth  and the Rolling Stones have stayed there. And one French foreign minister even caused extensive damage to one of its ', "flattered when the director, Frank Darabont, asked permission to use my image to represent the passage of time from  Rita Hayworth  in the '40s to Marilyn Monroe in the '50s to Raquel Welch in the '60s. In the film, it takes Robbins twenty-odd ", "American Bar, there's an artist's fictional gathering of boxer Sugar Ray Robinson hoisting a glass along with actors  Rita Hayworth , W.C. Fields, Marlene Dietrich, songwriter George Gershwin, and authors Fitzgerald and Ernest Hemingway ", 'Ejiofor. (I guess it\'s official: we\'ve outgrown having to rename every Margarita Cansino and Bernie Schwartz,  Rita Hayworth  and Tony Curtis.) Okwe is the night man at a small, sleezy "hot sheet" hotel. He\'s soft-spoken, intelligent ', "Victor Mature - it's not going to sound funny - walking across the camp in Africa to knock the tarantula spider off  Rita Hayworth 's chest. So that was the setup. Don Pardo, who we never saw on camera, had his hands in a big bowl of potato chips ", "cigarettes were romanticized in song, movies and television. Advertisements featuring glamorous celebrities like  Rita Hayworth  and Joan Crawford started appearing in print. Freedom to Smoke By the 1960s, when the second wave of the women's ", 'there\'s just one hitch. Producer Marina Gefter tells Variety that the project still needs a leading lady, a "sexy  Rita Hayworth  type," to portray the femme of the title, but concedes, "There just aren\'t that many [women] like that around ', 'there\'s just one hitch. Producer Marina Gefter tells Variety that the project still needs a leading lady, a "sexy  Rita Hayworth  type," to portray the femme of the title, but concedes, "There just aren\'t that many [women] like that around ', 'there\'s just one hitch. Producer Marina Gefter tells Variety that the project still needs a leading lady, a "sexy  Rita Hayworth  type," to portray the femme of the title, but concedes, "There just aren\'t that many [women] like that around ', 'The grandson of Hollywood legend  Rita Hayworth  is found dead. Police say it appears 25 year old Andrew and coats took his own light though no note was found. His body was discovered ', 'The grandson of Hollywood legend -- Rita Hayworth is found dead. Police say it appears 25 year old Andrew and -- coats took his own light though no note was ', 'I love it because it\'s so fun. It\'s such a "lucky" outfit. THE WIN FROM THE \'50s, THE Marilyn monroes and  rita hayworth  chose this silhouette. The skirt is from boden. And the belt, so adoriadoriabdorable, under $25. Your legs look ', 'a "lucky" outfit. THE WIN FROM THE \'50s, THE Marilyn monroes and rita hayworth chose this silhouette. The skirt is from boden. And the belt, so adoriadoriabdorable, under $25. Your legs look tiny. Your waist looks ', 'view. Seizing up that are skyscraper sized services and sandwiches and movie Ed clothes have changed over the years  Rita Hayworth  and so feel the and setting the bar for picnic glamour. The rest of us simply turn to the basics the a blanket. That ', 'sandwiches and movie -- Ed -- clothes have changed over the years Rita Hayworth and so feel the -- and setting the bar for picnic glamour. The rest of us simply turn to the basics the ', "keep and gambling is gonna put him around those guys. If Charlie Chaplin thinks it's funny he is not letting on  Rita Hayworth  couldn't be bothered. Greta Garbo is otherwise engaged. It is a luxurious life for the 46 on the grounds of Ernest ", "guys. If Charlie Chaplin thinks it's funny he is not letting on Rita Hayworth couldn't be bothered. Greta Garbo is otherwise engaged. It is a luxurious life for the 46 -- on the grounds of Ernest "]