["Speaking from the White House, President Obama says that the U.S. will stand by its ally, and he's confident that Japan will recover and rebuild.", 'This content comes from Closed Captioning that was broadcast along with this program.', ". we've seen an earthquake and tsunami render unimaginable toll of death and destruction on one of our closest friends and allies in the world. we've seen this powerful, ", ' contain the damage, recover, and rebuild. first, we are bringing all available resources to bear to closely monitor the situation and to protect american ', " who may be in harm's way. even as japanese responders continue to do heroic work, we know that the damage to the ", ' in fukushima daiichi plant poses a substantial risk to people who are nearby. that is why yesterday we called for an evacuation of american ', ' who are within 50 miles of the plant. this decision was based upon a careful scientific evaluation. and the guidelines that we would use to keep our ', " or anywhere in the world. beyond this 50-mile radius, the risks do not currently call for an evacuation. but we do have a responsibility to take prudent and precautionary measures to educate those americans who may be endangered exposure to radiation if the situation deteriorates. that's why last night i authorized the voluntary departures of family members and dependents of u.s. officials working in northeastern ", ' should continue to carefully monitor the situation and follow the guidance of the u.s. and japanese governments. and those who are seeking assistance should contact our embassy and consulates, which continue to be open and operational. second, i know many americans are also worried about the potential risks to the ', '. so i wanted to be very clear, we do not expect harmful levels of radiation to reach the ', " in the pacific. let's me repeat that. we do not expect harmful levels of radiation to reach the ", ' take precautionary measures beyond staying informed. and going forward, we will continue to keep the ', ' fully updated. because i believe that you must know what i know as president. here at home, ', ' have undergone exhaustive studying and have been declared safe for any number of extreme contingencies. when we see a crisis like the one in ', ", we have a responsibility to learn from this event and to draw from those lessons to ensure the safety and security of our people. that's why i've asked the ", '. finally, we are working aggressively to support our japanese ally at this time of extraordinary challenge. ', ' to help the recovery effort. a disaster assistance and response team is working to confront the aftermath of the earthquake and tsunami. the ', " for decades, is working around the clock. to date, we've flown hundreds of missions to support the recovery efforts and distributed thousands of pounds of food and water to the ", ". we're sharing with them expertise, equipment and technology so that the courageous responders on the scene have the benefit of american teamwork and support. and the ", ' have also opened up their hearts. many have given generously to support the ongoing relief efforts. the ', ' is providing assistance to help meet the immediate needs of those displaced. i would encourage anybody who wants to go a hand to go to usaid.gov to find out how to be helpful. as i told prime minister kan last night, and reaffirmed at the ', ' are not alone in this time of great trial and sorrow. across the pacific, they will find a hand of support extended from the ', ' as they get back on their feet. after all, we have an alliance that was forged more than a half century ago and strengthened by shared interests and democratic values. our people share ties of family, ties of culture, and ties of commerce. our troops have served to protect ', " will recover and rebuild, because the strength and sprirts of the ja fleez peoplpanese people. they've shared scarce resources of food and water. they provided free ", " rescued a 4-month-old baby who had been swept out of her parents' arms and stranded for days among the debris. no one can say for certain how she survived the water and the wreckage around her. there is a mystery in the course of ", '. but in the midst of economic recovery and global upheaval, disasters like this remind us of the common humanity that we share. we see it in the responders risking their lives at fukushima, we show it through the help that is poured into ', ' from 70 countries and we hear it in the cries of a child, miraculously pulled from the rubble. in the coming days we will continue to do everything we can to ensure the safety of american ', ' as they contain this crisis, recover from this hardship, and rebuild their great nation. thanks very much.']