['Following a meeting with Republican congressional leaders, President Obama says, that the American people are "demanding cooperation and they\'re demanding progress and they\'ll hold all of us, and I mean all of us, accountable." Watch his entire statement. ', 'This content comes from Closed Captioning that was broadcast along with this program.', " since the election, let's talk about how we can best work together to move the country forward. it's no secret that we have had differences, that have led us to partways on many issues in the past. but we are ", " did not vote for gridlock. they didn't vote for unyielding partisanship. they're demanding cooperation and they ov're demanding progress and they'll hold all of us and i mean all of us accountable for it. and i was very encouraged by the fact that there was broad recognition of that fact in the room. i just want to say, i thought it was a productive meeting, i thought that people came to it with a spirit of trying to work together and i think it's a good start as we move forward. i think everybody understands that the ", ' want us to focus on their jobs, not ours. they want us to come together around strategies to accelerate the recovery and get ', ' back to work. they want us to confront the long-term deficits that cloud our future. they want us to focus on their safety and security and not allow matters of urgent importance to become locked up in the politics of washington. so today we had the beginning of a new dialogue that i hope and i think most ', " hope that will break through the dialogue and produce real gains and i think we all agreed that should begin today because there's some things we need to get done in the weeks before congress leaves town for the holiday. first we should work to make sure that taxes will not go up by thousands of dollars on ", " come january 1. which would be disastrous for these families, but also could be crippling for the economy. there was broad agreement that we need to work to get that resolved before the end of the year. now there's still differences about how to get there. republican leaders want to permanently extend ", " at the same time. and here we disagree. i believe and the other democrats in the room believe that this would add an additional $700 billion to our debt in the next ten years. and i continue to believe that it would be unwise and unfair, particularly at a time when we're contemplating deep budget cuts that require broad sacrifice. having said that, we agreed that there must be some sensible common ground. so i appointed my treasury secretary, tim geithner and my budget director jack lou to work with representatives of both parties to break through this logjam. i have asked the leaders to appoint members to help in this negotiation process, they agreed to the that. that process is beginning right away. and we expect to get some answers back over the next couple of days about how we can accomplish our key goal which is to make sure the economy continues to grow and we are putting people back to work. and we also want to make sure that we're giving the ", ' of knowing that their taxes will not be raised come january 1. i also urged both parties to move quickly to preserve a number of other ', ' for individuals and businesses that are helping our recovery right now and that are set to expire at the end of the year. this includes a ', " for thousands of dollars for businesses that hire unemployed workers. we discussed a number of other issues as well, including the importance of ratifying the new s.t.a.r.t. treaty, so we can monitor russia's ", " and strengthen our relationship with russia. i reminded the room that this treaty's been vetted for seven months now, it's gone through 18 hearings, it has supports from senators of both parties, it has broad bipartisan support from ", " from previous administrations, both democrat and republican. and that it's absolutely essential to our ", '. we need to get it done. we also talked about the work of the bipartisan deficit reduction commission and the difficult choices that will be required in order to get our fiscal house in order. we discussed working together to keep the government running this year. and running in a fiscally responsible way. and we discussed ', " without delay to folks who are facing tough times by no fault of their own. now none of this is going to be easy. we have two parties for a reason. there are real philosophical differences, and although the atmosphere in today's meeting was extremely civil, there's no doubt that those differences are going to remain no matter how many meetings we have and the truth is, there's always going to be a political incentive against working together, particularly in the current hyper partisan climate. there's always those who argue that the best strategy is simply to try to defeat your opposition instead of working with them. and frankly, even the notion of bipartisanship itself has gotten caught up in this mentality. a lot of times coming out of these meetings, both sides claim they want to work together but try to paint the opponent as unyielding and unwilling to cooperate. both sides come to the table, they read their talking points then they head out to the mike know mike -- microphones. now i think there was recognition today that that's a game that we can't afford. not in these times nand a private meeting that i had without staff, without betraying any confidences, i was pleased to see several of my friends in the room say let's try not to duplicate that, let's not try to work the washington spin cycle to suggest that somehow the other side's not being cooperative. i think that there was a sincere effort on the part of everybody involved to actually commit to work together and to try to deal with these problems. and they understand that these aren't times for us to be playing games. as i told the leaders at the beginning of the meeting, the next election is two years away. and there will be plenty of time for campaigning. but right now, we're facing some very serious challenges. we share an obligation to meet them. and that will require choosing the best of our ideas over the worst of our politics. so that's the spirit in which i invited both parties here today. i'm happy with how the meeting went, and i told all the leadership that i look forward to additional meetings, including ", ". we're going to have to get them all up there sometime soon. and i very much appreciate the presence today, i appreciate the tenor of the conversations, i think it will actually yield results before the end of the year and i look forward to continuing this dialogue in the months ahead. thank you"]