['than you ever imagined." In addition to the musicians who attended the workshop, tonight\'s program will include performances by Alabama Shakes, William Bell, Steve Cropper, Eddie Floyd,  Queen Latifah , Cyndi Lauper and Joshua Ledet.', 'Starling in "Silence of the Lambs." She has fiercely guarded her privacy throughout her long career. Only singer  Queen Latifah  has so deftly danced around the issue of sexuality in the celebrity world. Others like singer Clay Aiken of American ', 'Winfrey leaving broadcast TV. Katie Couric , Steve Harvey, Jeff Probst and Ricki Lake all launched shows this year;  Queen Latifah , Bethenny Frankel, and maybe Kris Jenner will debut their own series in 2013. RELATED: Kris Jenner Enters Battle ', 'Dan Aykroyd, John Goodman and James Belushi 1998 - Boyz II Men, Smokey Robinson, Martha Reeves, the Temptations,  Queen Latifah  1999 - Stevie Wonder, Gloria Estefan, Big Bad Voodoo Daddy 2000 - Phil Collins, Christina Aguilera, Enrique Iglesias ', 'Lake, as well as fall hopefuls  Queen Latifah  and Bethenny Frankel. Winfrey\'s take a wait and see approach."  Queen Latifah  There will be another queen in daytime -- if only by name.  Queen Latifah  , who had a syndicated talk show ', 'Magnolias" is getting a made-for-TV reboot with  Queen Latifah  and an all-black cast. Latifah, who also serves best experience of our lives doing "Hairspray" with  Queen Latifah . And then we thought, Wait a minute, two is not enough ', 'dressed," but I don\'t know if I would call it that. I would call it symbolic more than anything else. I think of  Queen Latifah  and how she pushed the whole Afro-centric look, and being a queen. The categories of best and worst dressed are ', "live, is also shifting. As the land breaks apart, Manny (voiced by Ray Romano) is separated from his wife Ellie ( Queen Latifah ) and daughter Peaches (Keke Palmer), and drifts out to sea on a small piece of Ice. Lucky for him, he's accompanied ", 'Josh Duhamel, which earned just $103,280 domestically, according to Baseline. The comedy, "Mad Money" with  Queen Latifah  and Diane Keaton, earned $20.7 million in 2008. In addition to raising daughter Suri, 5, Holmes has modeled ', "the Parkway attracts 500,000 people culminates in performances by big names, with this year's lineup including  Queen Latifah , Common and Joe Jonas. After the music dies down, the party picks up with a 15-minute firework display that costs ", "'American Idol' Recap: Joshua Ledet Eliminated; Jessica Sanchez and Phillip Phillips to Compete for Crown", 'to lend their voices to a song from the upcoming movie "Ice Age: Continental Drift". Drake, Jennifer Lopez and  Queen Latifah  also sang on the track. Songwriter Carole Bayer Sager and actress-turned-singer Rita Wilson sat by Jimmy Iovine ', 'pursue acting after her dad died ("It was a wake-up call"), signed with ICM. Next up, Oduye will star alongside  Queen Latifah , Alfre Woodard and Phylicia Rashad in the Lifetime remake of "Steel Magnolias."', "Queen Latifah  is just one member of an all star. I'm and I about a and I don't know why she plays motor mouth may bell. A big blond and ", "Queen Latifah is just one member of an all star. I'm and I -- about a -- and I don't know why she plays ", 'also says right there? Hail the queen. Grammy winner, oscar nominee, we have run out of time for the interview.  Queen latifah . Starring in now and executive producing "steel magnolias" for lifetime. This isn\'t an obscure, niche project ', 'winner, oscar nominee, we have run out of time for the interview. Queen latifah . Starring in now and executive producing "steel magnolias" for lifetime. This isn\'t an obscure, niche project. It was updated. What drew you ', "plus Dana Owens a better known as  Queen Latifah  has won a Grammy Golden Globe to will be. enough when we ask  Queen Latifah  how she wanted to spend the day It's true like 41 years old  Queen Latifah  has catapulted her career from ", "In the two decades plus -- Dana Owens a better known as Queen Latifah has won a Grammy Golden Globe and has been nominated for the Academy Award. She's -- short of surprises and to move away with a new movie in the offing ABC's Lara Spencer introduces us to a site of the queen. You haven't seen. You know -- -- friends just because we LL. I don't you get a fat it was at least attempt to will be. -- enough when we ask Queen Latifah how she wanted to spend the day. -- -- -- -- It was not my -- where's my -- on the end. ", "a lot of strikes these days. It's true like 41 years old Queen Latifah has catapulted her career from the prone -- I carpets and I am who am -- you work out the siege -- ", 'All hail the queen the  Queen Latifah  is a Grammy winner and Oscar nominated actress and but she says that one of her most. Satisfying accomplishments has been learning ', 'All hail the queen the Queen Latifah is a Grammy winner and Oscar nominated actress and -- -- -- -- but she says that one of her most. Satisfying ', "Track record about the huge success whether she's singing. Back They businesswoman she knows how. Diligently in the top of the music. Billboard charts and we just got beat Oscar nomination the Grammy victories and now she has turned her guide to fashion all hail. But cleaned Okay. Okay. That's not", "grader to learn and in support and nurturing environment. All. Centennial celebration we quarter with rapper actress  Queen Latifah  at the Hershey's flagship store in New York City who has been impressed by the student. All of these amazing things ", "nurturing environment. All. -- -- Centennial celebration we quarter with rapper actress Queen Latifah at the Hershey's flagship store in New York City who has been impressed by the student. All of these amazing things. So ", "You have the queen collection that don't own perfume now me broke. What's next we were movies. thirty. That the news and help balance thing Eric Parsons director that comes out if this thing slide. applicants you know the Eight point eight months expedient victory. This out you know statements"]