['bench-warmer status to home base in one short summer, but with the experienced guidance of her semi-skanky sister Amber ( Rachel Bilson ), who lost her virginity at 14, Brandy sorts out her priorities and identifies a shortlist of candidates to help ', '33, joined the cast of "The Good Wife" in 2010 to play bad boy investigator Blake. He currently stars alongside  Rachel Bilson  in the CW comedy-drama series "Hart of Dixie." An ocassional singer, he also starred in the 2009 film "Bandslam ', 'company. Hosts Kathie Lee Gifford and Hoda Kotbe gasped while Hamilin detailed the damages.  Rachel Bilson  Former "The O.C." star  Rachel Bilson  had her home burglarized a record six times between April and May of 2009, as thieves made off ', 'she were, or if she could affect an English accent." [Ed. note: Leighton Meester , Mila Kunis , Anne Hathaway ,  Rachel Bilson  -- heads up.] What about Krystle, Blake\'s second wife, played by Linda Evans in the TV series -- will the doe-eyed ', "and cavernous Coach carryalls are de rigour -- during the day. By night, many starlets, like Natalie Portman ,  Rachel Bilson  and Liv Tyler, pare down to the essentials and pack 'em away in a clutch or small satchel. (Party hopping with ", 'group are also accused of breaking into several other celebrity homes including Paris Hilton, Audrina Patridge, and  Rachel Bilson  making off with thousands of dollars in cash and jewelry. The rest of the group including Nick Prugo, Rachel ', 'celebrities. They allegedly broke into the homes of the famous, including Bloom, Paris Hilton, Lindsay Lohan,  Rachel Bilson  and Audrina Patridge, stealing millions of dollars worth of jewelry, clothing and art in 2008 and 2009. Neiers ', 'to police he was the fence for items stolen in the Bling Ring burglaries at the homes of Hollywood celebrities like  Rachel Bilson , Orlando Bloom, Brian Austin Green, and Audrina Patridge. Police said they recovered illicit drugs and weapons ', 'of being involved in at least one of the robberies of the homes of Paris Hilton, Lindsay Lohan, Audrina Patridge,  Rachel Bilson , Orlando Bloom, and Brian Austin Green. The string of burglaries started in 2008 and did not end until Nick Prugo was ', "Web site and appealed for help in identifying the burglars. Three months passed. Then, on May 9, 2009, actress  Rachel Bilson 's mother discovered her daughter's home also had been ransacked. Once again, the thieves seemed to target the ", 'that." Stone used her time in Dubai to preside over an AIDS fundraiser for AmFar, raising $1 million. Actresses  Rachel Bilson  and Gloria Estefan, plus actors Hayden Chistensen and Danny Glover, also attended the festival. Leonardo Dicaprio ', 'and colors were sashaying into our fashion magazines, adored by celebrities like Anne Hathaway, Amanda Bynes and  Rachel Bilson . But starting in 2009, Zee is anticipating a quiet, more somber direction in fashion, to reflect the times. Instead ', "Actress Rachel that she's beautiful stylish and talented and she's bringing all of her star qualities to a new project. Involving top fashion designer Karl Lagerfeld and ice that now we're joined now. Biracial bills and to explain how this all work together a great to see you and if so what do you"]