["Laying out a path to cut the deficit by $1.1 trillion over the next decade, President Obama submitted a $3.7 trillion budget proposal full of tough cuts that would still allow for spending in key areas to keep the country competitive. NBC's Savannah Guthrie reports. ", 'This content comes from Closed Captioning that was broadcast along with this program.', " proposal for the coming year, and at a time when a lot of americans are struggling economically and many are worried about this nation's massive ", " hasn't seemed to satisfy anybody. there are cuts in it that surprise even obama loyalists, and yet as a whole it's not near enough for most republicans. our ", ', not an ax. loosely translated it mean the president is proposing cuts, but also spending in key areas he says will keep this country competitive. arriving this morning on ', '. in baltimore today, the push for more spending on education, the president said his ', "so what we've done here is make a down payment. but there's going to be more work that needs to be done and it's going to require democrats and republicans coming together to make it happen.", ' but lays out a path to cut the deficit by $1.1 trillion over the next decade. some 200 federal programs would be eliminated or see funding slashed, including low income heating assistance, ', ' to big airports. the biggest cut, $78 billion, out of the pentagon over five years.', "i've worked on seven budgets that presidents have sent to congress. this has the toughest cuts that i have ever worked on. they're very significant.", 'some progressives are dismayed to see favorite programs like teach for america facing dramatic cuts.', 'the president is also proposing raising taxes to attack the deficit, lowering how much wealthy taxpayers can write off in itemized deductions, like home mortgage interest, and permanently rolling back the lower bush ', ", seeing this, knowing it, acknowledging it and ducking it, that is why we're so disappointed today.", 'yet neither republicans nor the president have offered a plan to deal with the biggest part of the ', ", medicaid and medicare. in washington, we've got kind of a political stalemate with two parties not being willing to compromise and not being really to talk honestly about the kinds of changes that are in our future."]