['Chip Kelly has officially assembled his first coaching staff in the NFL.The new Philadelphia Eagles head coach named Pat Shurmur offensive coordinator, Bill Davis de...', "As required, Alabama's players whooped it up amid the confetti and fireworks, yet there was something muted about this championship celebration.Turns out, these guys...", 'Still smarting from 1st time, Alabama  takes national title with 21-0 rout of LSU in the sequel', "As required, Alabama's players whooped it up amid the confetti and fireworks, yet there was something muted about this championship celebration.Turns out, these guys...", "Alabama's offensive line  starting to take shape as team tries to replace 3 All-Americans", "A cool nickname and some mop-up duties were the best Ryan Kelly and the rest of Alabama's second-team offensive line could hope for last season.Playing behind three ...", "Alabama coach Nick Saban says he's not much for comedies. He prefers his movies to have a message, and part of his routine for getting his players ready to play in a...", 'Wrap up the tailback on the tackle. Knock blockers to the ground. Fly to the ball.They seem like simple directives for a defense. Yet missed tackles plagued Penn Sta...', 'The 2012 season is about a month and a half away and although there are 120 full-time members in the FBS ranks, there are only a handful of legitimate contenders for...', 'The all-too familiar mantra that "battles are won in the trenches" is one thrown around football often.It isn\'t the most glamorous of positions and will rarely be hi...', 'College football award fever has begun as the watch lists for numerous postseason awards have been released this week. Just getting on a list puts a player in rarifi...', "Cooper catches 2 of McCarron's 4 TD passes as No. 1 Alabama  trounces Tennessee 44-13", "Practicing against the nation's best defense each day apparently is helping Alabama develop a championship-caliber offense.A.J. McCarron threw for a career-high 306 ...", "The D word: Alabama  doesn't want to talk dynasty ahead of BCS title game against Notre Dame", "Barrett Jones was definitely not going there.Alabama's All-American offensive lineman has played five seasons for coach Nick Saban and he knows better than to talk a...", 'The coach no longer wears houndstooth. The result is the same. Another Alabama dynasty.Quieting the Irish by the first play of the second quarter, Eddie Lacy, AJ McC...', 'For 50th straight time, when Alabama  runs well, Alabama  wins _ even in the BCS title game', 'Alabama brushed aside a top SEC West challenger and roared on to an even tougher one.AJ McCarron passed for 208 yards and two touchdowns, and the top-ranked Crimson ...', 'AJ McCarron guides Alabama  to another title, also displays feistiness in spat with Jones', 'It might have been the hardest hit Alabama quarterback AJ McCarron absorbed all night.With the play clock down to zero and just a few minutes before the confetti sta...', "They say no team is unbeatable. They apparently haven't seen Alabama play recently.The top-ranked Crimson Tide has been startlingly good this season, outscoring Mich...", "'73 Sugar Bowl: In turbulent times, Notre Dame-Alabama  played epic game that lived up the hype", 'Ara Parseghian still remembers every little detail of that dreary night in New Orleans nearly four decades ago, when two titans of college football met for the first...', "No. 13 Mississippi State's belief can't overcome slow start in 38-7 loss at No. 1 Alabama ", "The surprising Mississippi State Bulldogs believed they were good enough to upset No. 1 Alabama. They couldn't pull it off, though.The 13th-ranked Bulldogs couldn't ...", 'Saying he was "in no hurry to get to the NFL," offensive lineman Barrett Jones announced Friday that he would return to Alabama for his senior season.Jones made the ...', "New York, NY (Sports Network) From the beginning, the narrative of the 2013 NFL Draft has focused on its depth of prospects.It wasn't going to wow you at the top acc..."]