['haven\'t started yet though." This will be the first marriage for both stars. Kartheiser previously dated actress  Rachael Leigh Cook  and Bledel dated her "Gilmore Girls" co-star Milo Ventimiglia for more than three years. PHOTOS: Hollywood\'s ', 'Campbell, into a steamy affair. This will be the first marriage for both stars. Kartheiser previously dated actress  Rachael Leigh Cook  and Bledel dated her "Gilmore Girls" co-star Milo Ventimiglia for more than three years. PHOTOS: Hollywood\'s ', 'posed for photos in the "Votemobile" before working the phone bank with other celebrity volunteers, including  Rachael Leigh Cook  and Stephanie March. In New Hampshire, Julianne Moore, who recently won an Emmy for playing Sarah Palin in the ', "he receives as Crazy Town's focal point. He's in a comfortable relationship with Josie and the Pussycats star  Rachael Leigh Cook , and he's over the moon about the new music Crazy Town is working on, which he describes as harder-hitting ", "he receives as Crazy Town's focal point. He's in a comfortable relationship with Josie and the Pussycats star  Rachael Leigh Cook , and he's over the moon about the new music Crazy Town is working on, which he describes as harder-hitting ", "he receives as Crazy Town's focal point. He's in a comfortable relationship with Josie and the Pussycats star  Rachael Leigh Cook , and he's over the moon about the new music Crazy Town is working on, which he describes as harder-hitting ", "he receives as Crazy Town's focal point. He's in a comfortable relationship with Josie and the Pussycats star  Rachael Leigh Cook , and he's over the moon about the new music Crazy Town is working on, which he describes as harder-hitting ", "he receives as Crazy Town's focal point. He's in a comfortable relationship with Josie and the Pussycats star  Rachael Leigh Cook , and he's over the moon about the new music Crazy Town is working on, which he describes as harder-hitting ", "he receives as Crazy Town's focal point. He's in a comfortable relationship with Josie and the Pussycats star  Rachael Leigh Cook , and he's over the moon about the new music Crazy Town is working on, which he describes as harder-hitting ", "he receives as Crazy Town's focal point. He's in a comfortable relationship with Josie and the Pussycats star  Rachael Leigh Cook , and he's over the moon about the new music Crazy Town is working on, which he describes as harder-hitting ", "he receives as Crazy Town's focal point. He's in a comfortable relationship with Josie and the Pussycats star  Rachael Leigh Cook , and he's over the moon about the new music Crazy Town is working on, which he describes as harder-hitting ", "Rachael Leigh Cook , Tara Reid, and Rosario Dawson didn't have to write rock songs and didn't really have to fully perform them. But for the ", "Rachael Leigh Cook , Tara Reid, and Rosario Dawson didn't have to write rock songs and didn't really have to fully perform them. But for the "]