['with my co anchor sentiment that. She closed the hot self confident young attorney on the hit show Allie McBeal.  Portia de Rossi  with blond beautiful. Week. And hairy scary skinny. In real life men loved her looks she appeared on list after ', 'the hot self confident young attorney on the hit show Allie McBeal. Portia de Rossi with blond beautiful. Week. And hairy scary skinny. In real life men loved her looks she appeared on list after list of ', "family, who lost everything. And the one son who had no choice but to keep them all together.  portia de Rossi  plays lindsay. PLEASE WELCOME  portia de Rossi . We got the memo about the red color. It's the them with the orange and the black. It ", "one son who had no choice but to keep them all together. portia de Rossi plays lindsay. PLEASE WELCOME portia de Rossi . We got the memo about the red color. It's the them with the orange and the black. It all comes together. This ", "workplace comedy better off Ted returns for a second season and joining us now the scoop RJ Harrington who plays Ted and  Portia de Rossi  who plays Veronica hi there guys thank you so much for joining us. So tell what's in store for the new season ", "and joining us now the scoop RJ Harrington who plays Ted and Portia de Rossi who plays Veronica hi there guys thank you so much for joining us. So tell what's in store for the new season. ", "Lamar Odom in California. And two we had some great great people I was very blessed it's Ellen DeGeneres. And  Portia de Rossi . Were married as many of you know on the fifteenth of August this year I married them. So it was like and I asked ", "some great great people I was very blessed it's Ellen DeGeneres. And Portia de Rossi . Were married as many of you know on the fifteenth of August this year I married them. So it was like and ", "it actually coming together again which we've heard before but this time whole cast is good to go Jason Bateman  Portia de Rossi  Will Arnett. Ha but then there's Michael Serra. Michael put the part of George Michael on the show but as you ", "before but this time whole cast is good to go Jason Bateman Portia de Rossi Will Arnett. Ha but then there's Michael Serra. Michael put the part of George Michael -- on the show but as you ", "and I know that we have a respectful disagreement on that issue. You'll walk me down Leon ounces at least. And have Ellen teased McCain about whether He would consider walking her down the aisle. is engaged to actress  Portia de Rossi .", 'would consider walking her down the aisle. -- is engaged to actress Portia de Rossi . ', 'DeGeneres show and while on the program. Pago often the family ranch in Texas to to generous and intends to marry the  Portia de Rossi . Lessons so as soon Lou Grant was a great place to get look like nobody could fly over pictures bother you really ', 'in Texas to -- to generous and intends to marry -- the Portia de Rossi . Lessons so as soon Lou Grant was a great place to get -- look like nobody could fly over -- pictures -- ', "looking for scoops maybe not so much you out. Well the big news back here I guess has been the big Ellen DeGeneres and  Portia de Rossi  wedding. Making it one of the highest profile gay marriage isn't quite a long time tell us about hate finely ", "news back here I guess has been the big Ellen DeGeneres and Portia de Rossi wedding. Making it one of the highest profile gay marriage isn't quite a long time tell us about hate finely. And you ", "fabulous news. And this newly married woman eating disorder became so that her family had to step and tell us about  Portia de Rossi . Well you know let's remember Allie McBeal. This set at this that and the cast was a very skinny and Portia Rossi ", "so that her family had to step -- and tell us about Portia de Rossi . Well you know let's remember Allie McBeal. This set at this that and the cast was a very skinny and Portia Rossi "]