['seeing in the press about Taylor Swift, about Ms. [ Quvenzhane ]  Wallis  and Justin Bieber especially," she told "GMA one of the young stars she stood up to defend,  Quvenzhane Wallis  . "We said, \'Great. Walk away,\'" she said ', 'Performance Ezra Miller, The Perks of Being a Wallflower Eddie Redmayne, Les Miserables Suraj Sharma, Life of Pi  Quvenzhane Wallis , Beasts of the Southern Wild Rebel Wilson, Pitch Perfect Best Scared-As-S**T Performance Jessica Chastain ', 'Brings \'Boobs\' to Oscars Fonda\'s criticisms didn\'t end there. "I also didn\'t like the remark made about  Quvenzhane  [ Wallis ] and [George] Clooney, or the stuff out of [the animated bear] Ted\'s mouth and all the comments about what ', 'Akpanudosen/Getty Images)  Quvenzhane Wallis  didn\'t take home the Oscar adaptation of "Annie." " Quvenzhane Wallis  is a true star and we believe RELATED: Youngest Oscar Nominee  Quvenzhane Wallis  Charms \'GMA\' Quvenzhane made ', 'Dark Thirty"), 2/1; Emannuelle Riva ("Amour"), 12/1; Naomi Watts ("The Impossible"), 18/1;  Quvenzhane Wallis  ("Beasts Of The Southern Wild"), 30/1. Best Supporting Actor Winner: Tommy Lee Jones ("Lincoln"), 11 ', 'Southern Wild." The film\'s 9-year-old star,  Quvenzhane Wallis , received a best actress nod, making her the youngest Jennifer Lawrence ("Silver Linings Playbook"),  Quvenzhane Wallis  ("Beasts of the Southern Wild"), Naomi Watts ', 'tricky," Adams said. Beyond front-runners Chastain and Lawrence, there\'s less certainty. Surprise child star  Quvenzhane Wallis  from "Beasts of the Southern Wild" could earn a nod, although Adams doesn\'t see her ultimately winning. Rachel ', '"Beasts of the Southern Wild" star reads acceptance speech off her mobile phone.', 'to learn how to pronounce this name.  Quvenzhane wallis . Chris connelly is in hollywood this morning. Reporter:  Quvenzhane wallis . She may be knew to acting. But  quvenzhane wallis  is becoming accustomed to accepting ', 'actors nominee ever. We have to learn how to pronounce this name. Quvenzhane wallis . Chris connelly is in hollywood this morning. Reporter: Quvenzhane wallis . She may be knew to acting. But quvenzhane wallis is becoming accustomed to accepting accolades. Thanks. Reporter: As hushpuppy in the surreal bayou fable "beasts of the southern wild." A 6-year-old ', "We're count down to oscar sunday with  quvenzhane wallis . She auditioned for her first acting job at 5. And now, at the ripe age of 9, the youngest nominee in oscar history. You were ", "We're count down to oscar sunday with quvenzhane wallis . She auditioned for her first acting job at 5. And now, at the ripe age of 9, the youngest nominee in oscar ", 'actress. But throw out the playbook. There is emmanuelle riva who had a stunning portrayal in "amour." Reporter:  Quvenzhane wallis  would provide an upset. Once considered a wildcard, she became a megastar just as academy members were voting ', 'There is emmanuelle riva who had a stunning portrayal in "amour." Reporter: Quvenzhane wallis would provide an upset. Once considered a wildcard, she became a megastar just as academy members were voting. And I was doing ', 'argo." old, the oldest ever nominee for best actress. Joining her in that category, the youngest evenominated.  Quvenzhane wallis  of "beasts of the southern do you know how big that is? Do I ever! Reporter: A school girl, in her first role ', 'nominee for best actress. Joining her in that category, the youngest evenominated. Quvenzhane wallis of "beasts of the southern do you know how big that is? Do I ever! Reporter: A school girl, in her first ']