['Late goal by defenseman Barret Jackman  gives Blues 2-1 win over Kings, 2-0 series lead', "Defenseman Barret Jackman scored his first career playoff goal with 50.4 seconds remaining, lifting the St. Louis Blues to a 2-1 win over the defending Stanley Cup champion Los Angeles Kings for the second straight time Thursday night.Jackman, a stay-at-home type who totaled three goals and 12 points in the regular season, joined a rush and scored in transition against Jonathan Quick, last year's playoff MVP. He beat Quick from just inside the blue line for a 2-0 series lead heading to Los Angeles.The Blues capitalized on a stickhandling goof by Quick to win the opener on Alex Steen's short-handed goal in overtime.Patrik Berglund's deflection tied it early in the third period for St. Louis, which was swept by the Kings in the second round last season while getting outscored 15-6.Dustin Brown scored for the Kings, who'll try to rebound in Game 3 Saturday night....", 'Slava Voynov scored the winner eight minutes into overtime as the Los Angeles Kings took a 3-2 win over the St. Louis Blues in Game 5 of this Western Conference quar...', 'Stewart gets 100th goal, assist as Blues beat Avalanche 3-1 to clinch playoff spot', "The 633rd consecutive start by Jay Bouwmeester, the NHL's resident iron man, carried extra significance.Besides having the longest current streak in professional spo...", 'Ryan Reaves still prefers pounding opponents to scoring goals.The St. Louis enforcer recorded his first two-goal game in the NHL, and Brian Elliott earned his league...', 'The St. Louis Blues try to strengthen their playoff chances on Tuesday night with a season-high fifth straight victory as they visit the fading Nashville Predators.T...', 'Jaden Schwartz and Andy McDonald each had a goal and an assist as the St. Louis Blues took down the Minnesota Wild, 4-1, on Monday.Barret Jackman and Kevin Shattenki...', 'The St. Louis Blues upgraded their defense for the playoff push, adding Jay Bouwmeester and Jordan Leopold."It\'s two guys that any team around the league would be lo...', "The St. Louis Blues' new-look blue line will face a big challenge right off the bat on Thursday night when the playoff hopefuls take aim at their first road victory ...", 'David Backes scored the game-winning goal late in the second period as St. Louis posted a 3-1 win over Columbus at Scottrade Center.Chris Stewart and Patrik Berglund...', "Brian Elliott was spectacular in a 28-save shutout as the St. Louis Blues posted a 1-0 win over the Detroit Red Wings on Sunday.Thanks to Elliott's first shutout of ...", 'Allen strong in net with 39 saves, Blues ride balanced attack to beat Sharks 4-2', 'The San Jose Sharks thought they simply ran into a hot goalie. Again.Rookie Jake Allen stopped 39 shots, by far the most allowed by the St. Louis Blues this season, ...', "Jeff Carter's go-ahead goal capped a furious comeback as the Los Angeles Kings took a 6-4 win over the St. Louis Blues on Tuesday.Los Angeles trailed by three goals ...", 'Patrik Berglund scored the game-winner at 1:12 of overtime, as St. Louis rallied past San Jose, 4-3, at HP Pavilion.Berglund fought off San Jose defenseman Dan Boyle...', 'Blues blank Wild 4-0 as Barret Jackman  breaks league-high 150-game scoreless drought', 'Barret Jackman broke a league-high 150-game scoreless drought and Brian Elliott made 13 saves to lead the St. Louis Blues to a 4-0 win over the Minnesota Wild on Sat...', "The St. Louis Blues signed veteran defenseman Barret Jackman to a three-year contract on Monday.The 31-year-old Jackman was the Blues' top pick, 17th overall, in the...", "Barret Jackman's first career playoff goal came with 50.4 seconds to play as the St. Louis Blues took a 2-1 victory over the Los Angeles Kings in Game 2 of this West...", "The way the Los Angeles Kings opened the playoffs is old news. The defending Stanley Cup champions are headed home where they've dominated, one win shy of surviving ...", 'With 3 straight wins, LA Kings push their way to brink of bruising series win over St. Louis', 'Robyn Regehr broke his nose and got a puck in his ear, while captain Dustin Brown merely has a jagged cut on the bridge of his unbroken nose. Other Los Angeles Kings...', 'The defending champion Los Angeles Kings hope a return home can get them back into the Western Conference quarterfinals, as they host the St. Louis Blues in Game 3 a...']