["McCarthy). Leguizamo is working with Brad Pitt, Michael Fassbender, Penelope Cruz, Javier Bardem, Cameron Diaz, and  Rosie Perez  on McCarthy's first screenplay about a lawyer who gets involved in drug trafficking. The movie is due out in November ", 'A Nuyorican in LA: The Accents, Slang Words, and Attitudes That Define (and Divide) Us', '"Oh my God! She sounds just like  Rosie Perez !" My friend, long time East LA\'er Erick exclaimed the first time he heard my sister speak. My partner, Ken, when he would ', "Council for Education and Research released their first video on Monday - a monologue by Puerto Rican-American actress  Rosie Perez , who offers a tongue-in-cheek (and sometimes crude) interpretation of Romney's hidden-camera comments that ", 'org videos before Election Day." Today the two organizations are releasing their first video in a series featuring  Rosie Perez  taking Romney to task over his "joke" about wishing he were Mexican. WATCH: http://youtu.be/EVIrNxba0ls ', 'her romance with 24-year-old dancer Casper Smart, has J-Lo, 42, once again gracing magazine covers.  Rosie Perez Rosie Perez \'s performance in the opening credits of Spike Lee\'s "Do the Right Thing" probably helped her earn the job ', 'her romance with 24-year-old dancer Casper Smart, has J-Lo, 42, once again gracing magazine covers.  Rosie Perez Rosie Perez \'s performance in the opening credits of Spike Lee\'s "Do The Right Thing" probably helped her earn the job ', 'second-youngest person to ever receive the honor. She was up against some of the best female actresses of her time, including  Rosie Perez  for "Fearless;" Winona Ryder, who had already won a Golden Globe for "The Age of Innocence;" and Emma Thompson ', "just paranoid, they're actually being pursued by everyone from Asian ninja drug gangs, to a crooked cop, played by  Rosie Perez . The two stars sat down with Rolling Stone movie critic Peter Travers to discuss their inspirations, influences ", 'safe.\' They push it to the limit." Such as when Franco\'s dealer peddles his wares to grade-school kids or kicks  Rosie Perez \'s dirty cop right where it counts. Or when Downey\'s pugilism-prone Aussie actor goes full-metal Method, resorting ', "if a student has mastered the art of cutting paper with scissors and another hasn't, one can teach the other.  Rosie Perez , a parent of a daughter with no known developmental issues and a son with Fragile X Syndrome, was simply delighted that ", 'Governors and Eastern Canadian Premiers in Newport, RI. At noon ET, Gov. Pataki (R-NY) joins actress and filmmaker  Rosie Perez  in a proclamation ceremony for National Puerto Rican Day Parade Month in New York City. Gubernatorial Candidate Lynn ', 'Governors and Eastern Canadian Premiers in Newport, RI. At noon ET, Gov. Pataki (R-NY) joins actress and filmmaker  Rosie Perez  in a proclamation ceremony for National Puerto Rican Day Parade Month in New York City. Gubernatorial Candidate Lynn ', "won't back down. Please welcome  rosie perez . Hi, rosie. Good to see you wish we could get somebody like  rosie perez  for this role. And we said, dang said, the director said he wanted  rosie perez  for this, and the casting director ", 'and "do the right thing" now she won\'t back down. Please welcome rosie perez . Hi, rosie. Good to see you. Hi, everybody. It is great to see you. Thank you. Thanks for having me. Want to ', "everybody involved here said, god, I wish we could get somebody like rosie perez for this role. And we said, dang, let's call her. It clearly tricks a personal chord with you. It does. I am ", "when the dtor -- my manager said, the director said he wanted rosie perez for this, and the casting director said, why don't you just ask rosie perez . When I met with him. He had no idea waste in the business of education. I said what are you, living under ", "recently I sat down with actress  Rosie Perez . In the ninety's she was Hollywood's after two decades in the business  Rosie Perez  is still going strong. In her as a bio chem major in college.  Rosie Perez  never aspired to become an actress ", "who's become. And inimitable Hollywood fixture recently I sat down with actress Rosie Perez . In the ninety's she was Hollywood's favorite Latino. Spike Lee's do the right thing to her Oscar nominated performance in fearless. These days after two decades in the business Rosie Perez is still going strong. In her latest on the -- she stars with John Leguizamo. And look out for her this summer in Seth Rogen tell Larry as Pineapple Express. But growing up in Brooklyn and then as a bio chem major in college. Rosie Perez never aspired to become an actress -- perhaps it was her initial ambivalence that shocked many of Hollywood's establishment. She says they ", "was not without its moments. And you mentioned guidance on what was it like working with greats like John Leguizamo  Rosie Perez . Well there are both people that I love a lot I think there are unbelievably gifted. John and I've been friends ", "guidance on what was it like working with greats like John Leguizamo Rosie Perez . Well there are both people that I love a lot I think there are unbelievably gifted. John and I've been friends for "]