['The fact that the big winner on National Letter of Intent Day came from the Southeastern Conference was not a surprise, but Ole Miss?According to Scout.com, the Rebe...', "Alabama's Trent Richardson wasn't a starter when he arrived on the scene.He was biding his time behind tailback Mark Ingram, who was on his way to becoming Alabama's...", "It was hard to escape the hype around the LSU-Alabama game when both squads were off last week. Now, it's downright impossible.Alabama linebacker Dont'a Hightower ha...", "LSU and Alabama fittingly captured a majority of the hardware given out at Disney World on Thursday during college football's awards ceremony.Stanford's Andrew Luck ...", "Alabama's August to-do list: Pick starting quarterback. Replace Heisman Trophy winner and a few other first-round draft picks. Find left tackle, playmaking receivers...", "Hordes of NFL personnel people have invaded Indianapolis this week as the league's next generation of talent interviews and works out for their potential employers a...", "The Baltimore Ravens' coronation as Super Bowl XLVII champions puts the lid on the 2012 NFL season and is the unofficial kickoff to the league's offseason, specifica...", 'The latest NFL Draft shakeup came on Sunday when the Tampa Bay Buccaneers finally completed a long-rumored trade with the New York Jets for cornerback Darrelle Revis...', 'Back in a position to defend their national title, the second-ranked Alabama Crimson Tide close out their regular season as they play host to their arch rival Auburn...', "Bama's McCarron aiming for ultimate double at program where QBs are judged on titles not stats", "AJ McCarron knows how Alabama quarterbacks are judged.It's about wins and losses, not yards and touchdowns. Titles matter more than trophies, and you can go from bel...", 'Miles vs. Saban: Contrasting styles of coaches on display as No. 1 LSU takes on No. 2 Alabama ', 'One wears a perpetual scowl, his words robotic and succinct. With Nick Saban , it\'s all about "the process," which means running his football program with the meticu...', "Manti Te'o and Geno Smith provided the sizzle previously missing from the NFL draft.Te'o is headed to San Diego, Smith is a Jet, and Radio City Music Hall shook with...", 'Alabama -Penn State renew rivalry that has produced more than a few memorable games', "Barrett Jones was 5 months, 2 days old the last time Alabama and Penn State played.He doesn't remember the game, but the top-ranked Crimson Tide's guard has become f...", 'Alabama offensive lineman Aaron Douglas, a junior college transfer and onetime Tennessee starter, was found dead on the second floor balcony of a home in Fernandina ...', "Fourth-and-inches for Alabama . Make it and win. Don't and Arkansas has less than half the field and about 50 seconds to score a game-winning and possibly season-cha...", "Alabama's Trent Richardson is eager to show what he can do against No. 1 LSU.Not because Saturday night's showdown is the type of game that serve as a showcase for t..."]