['Phyllis diller , passed away at the age of 98 yesterday was more male than augusta national,  phyllis diller  was a working wife and mother of five doctors slapped everybody. Reporter:  Phyllis diller  died in her sleep on monday, at the ', 'Phyllis diller , passed away at the age of 98 yesterday. Her comedy paved the way for a generation of funny ladies. And chris connelly looks back at the show dynamo. Reporter: Almost 60 years ago, when mainstream standup was more male than augusta national, phyllis diller was a working wife and mother of five, who decided to discover on stage if looks could kill, comedically speaking, that is. ', 'lives. Ugliest baby. When I was born, the doctors slapped everybody. Reporter: Phyllis diller died in her sleep on monday, at the age of 95. For "good morning america," chris connelly, abc news, new york. Sam ', 'make people laugh. Is when I was not just let everybody. With her wild hair costumes and self deprecating humor  Phyllis Diller  was the queen of standup comedy. Sometimes without iPhone event and happen. Quite beautiful. I dig a little. Even ', 'let everybody. With her wild hair -- costumes and self deprecating humor Phyllis Diller was the queen of standup comedy. Sometimes without iPhone event and -- happen. Quite beautiful. I dig a little. Even as a ', "Akin's comment, Penn State's ex-president speaks and  Phyllis Diller  made this week's headlines.", "come out while we say good-bye. I'm just saying a large dog would probably never put up with this. This is  phyllis diller , everybody. You can get all of these looks and check out more at goodmorningamerica.Com on yahoo!. We'll be ", "a large dog would probably never put up with this. This is phyllis diller , everybody. You can get all of these looks and check out more at goodmorningamerica.Com on yahoo!. We'll be right back. Promise. ", 'us Sam last laugh remembering  Phyllis Diller  how her jokes at a laundering before and long before there was  Phyllis Diller  a mother of five who needed money faded when I was Bartlett just  Phyllis Diller  was the queen of standup. A pioneer ', 'decide -- these pageants are -- -- us Sam last laugh remembering Phyllis Diller how her jokes at a laundering bat. Launched on legendary career. -- the -- his faded when I was born the doctors ', "And finally tonight long before -- and long before -- there was Phyllis Diller a mother of five who needed money. And turned her life into a punch line at a -- when standup comedy was almost impossible for women. She died today at 95 and chairman Alfonse -- reminds us why she was the least likely TrailBlazer. The only thing wilder than that laugh. I thought that's what. Act that look was what came out of her mouth of the world -- his faded when I was Bartlett -- just -- -- Phyllis Diller was the queen of standup. A pioneer who -- decided to become a professional comedian -- aged 38 after she married and ", "it's really something that she believes in unlike a lot of other celebrities. You know Bing Crosby had ice cream  Phyllis Diller  had a product. Rodman Dennis Rodman the only one that really worked with Paul because again like Mariel Hemingway ", 'a lot of other celebrities. You know Bing Crosby had ice cream Phyllis Diller had a product. Rodman Dennis Rodman -- -- -- the only one that really worked with Paul -- because again like Mariel ']