['This is a rush transcript from "Special Report," November 28, 2011. This copy may not be in its final form and may be updated.[fnvideo 1299803670001](BEGIN VIDEO CLI...', 'Rep .  Barney Frank , (D-Mass.), explains why he is not in favor of additional security for politicians and weighs in on the debate over government spending.', 'Rep .  Barney Frank  (D-MA) on whether the government has been intervening too much in financial crises.', 'U.S. Representative Barney Frank hit back at speculation Tuesday that his departure next year would undermine the sweeping Wall Street reform law he sponsored.Frank ...', "Joseph Kennedy III is taking the first steps toward a run for retiring Rep. Barney Frank's seat in Massachusetts.The 31-year-old Kennedy said Thursday he is forming ...", 'This is a rush transcript of "Special Report With Bret Baier" from July 30, 2009. This copy may not be in its final form and may be updated.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)HARRY R...', 'This is a rush transcript of "Special Report With Bret Baier" from July 30, 2009. This copy may not be in its final form and may be updated.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)HARRY R...', 'Adam Shapiro queries Congressman  Barney Frank  on issues including the mortgage market and the Fannie-Freddie debacle in a FOX Business exclusive interview.', "Voters in Massachusetts' 4th Congressional District have re-elected U.S. Rep. Barney Frank to a 16th term, rejecting a GOP challenge from political newcomer Sean Bie...", "FBN's Charlie Gasparino and Liz MacDonald discuss Dodd-Frank , the Volcker Rule and financial reform.", "Boston bombings cloud immigration moves. Senator Reid agrees on potential Obamacare 'train wreck'. Plus - latest Obama nominees.", 'BOSTON -- When it was announced that former President Bill Clinton would make a campaign appearance for U.S. Rep. Barney Frank, more than a few eyebrows went up.Sure...', "Below is the transcript of Saturday's Democratic radio address, delivered by Rep. Barney Frank, D-Mass.REP. BARNEY FRANK: Good morning. This is Congressman Barney Fr...", 'This is a rush transcript of "Special Report With Brit Hume" from December 8, 2008. This copy may not be in its final form and may be updated.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)REP. ...', 'This is a partial transcript from " The O\'Reilly Factor ," May 16, 2005, that has been edited for clarity.Watch "The O\'Reilly Factor" weeknights at 8 p.m. and 11 p.m...', 'Rep .  Barney Frank , (D-Mass.), on the impact of Federal Reserve actions on the economy.']