['A former prosecutor-turned-fugitive who handled the high-profile drug cases of celebrities  Paris Hilton  and Bruno Mars has been found dead in his Las Vegas home. David Schubert recently completed a five-month stint in prison for ', 'Watson plays a teen thief who stole millions of dollars of clothes and jewelry from the homes of Hollywood stars like  Paris Hilton  in the new movie "The Bling Ring" about a real-life robbery ring. In Watson\'s own real life, however, the former ', "a TV commercial using footage of the Berlin speech to brand Obama as a celebrity, not a leader, comparing him with  Paris Hilton  and Britney Spears. This time around the longest lines here at the Brandenburg Gate are those for water - it's hot ", "with a TV commercial using footage of the Berlin speech to brand Obama as a celebrity, not a leader, comparing him to  Paris Hilton  and Britney Spears, ABC's JONATHAN KARL reports from Germany. This time around the longest lines here at the Brandenburg ", "into their homes while they are at public events. The film is based on a real gang of teens who broke into the home  Paris Hilton  and other stars. Chopard doesn't just make jewels, they also make the Oscar-like trophies for the Cannes film ", 'In the past 24 hours, Hilton has tweeted more than 25 times to his 6 million followers.  Paris Hilton  Klout score: 89 Heiress and socialite  Paris Hilton  leads a life of luxury that many of us can only dream about, and her 10.7 million Twitter ', 'Mercedes ... she drove Bentleys." Lee ran with a crowd befitting an heiress. "She said that she went to school with  Paris Hilton  and Kim Kardashian, and she said that she dated Leonardo DiCaprio ... and Channing Tatum." And that\'s not all ', 'week. The animated ad depicts Kim , Khloe and Kourtney Kardashian bound and gagged in the trunk of a Ford Figo, with  Paris Hilton  winking from the front passenger seat. A similar Ford ad features former Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi and ', "which are both owned by CKE Restaurants Inc. of Carpinteria, Calif. Reality-TV star Kim Kardashian, hotel heiress  Paris Hilton  and supermodel Kate Upton are among the famous faces who've appeared in provocative ads for the brands. The commercial ", "everything from how much Kim Kardashian pays for her car lease to Ashton Kutcher's American Express bill and even  Paris Hilton 's credit score. Beyonce, Jay Z, Mel Gibson, Britney Spears, Hulk Hogan, Arnold Schwarzenegger and Donald Trump ", "Michelle Obama, Joe Biden and Other Celebrities' Personal Information Allegedly Hacked", "everything from how much Kim Kardashian pays for her car lease to Ashton Kutcher's American Express bill and even  Paris Hilton 's credit score. Beyonce, Jay Z, Mel Gibson, Britney Spears, Hulk Hogan, Arnold Schwarzenegger and Donald Trump ", 'McCarthy wrote. "Congratulations @PerezHilton on your new son. Such exciting news, so happy for you! ? Love Paris,"  Paris Hilton  tweeted. "Congrats to our man @ PerezHilton! Thanks for sharing the great news about your son with all of us - let ', '(YouTube) First, there was  Paris Hilton . Now there\'s Nina Agdal. The "Sports Illustrated" swimsuit model is the latest sexy starlet to appear in an ad for fast food ', 'Wall-to-wall shoes, dresses and sparkles. Oh, my god. eporter: BUT THIS IS NO Dream. It\'s a look inside  paris hilton \'s real-life closet for the movie "the bling ring," starring emma watson a film ripped from the headlines. But ', 'my god. eporter: BUT THIS IS NO Dream. It\'s a look inside paris hilton\'s real-life closet for the movie "the bling ring," starring emma watson a film ripped from the headlines. But according to watson, life ', "challenge people to look away from these photographs fear how much now. RA. Leon have to move on brits are about  Paris Hilton  and apparently her grandmother and her mom Debbie Rowe. Have decided that once she's made recovery after her alleged ", "RA. Leon -- -- -- have to move on brits are about Paris Hilton and apparently her grandmother and her mom Debbie Rowe. Have decided that once she's made -- recovery after her alleged suicide attempt ", "today's top rising searches is  Paris Hilton  for president. That He wrote that nothing more than a celebrity like  Paris Hilton  and Britney Spears. Well now let's Hey America I'm  Paris Hilton  and the celebrities you only come ", "our collaboration with -- Google and among today's top rising searches is Paris Hilton for president. That He wrote that ad the McCain camp launched last week mocking Barack Obama is nothing more than a celebrity like Paris Hilton and Britney Spears. Well now let's -- -- Hey America I'm Paris Hilton and the celebrities you only come not from the old days and I'm not promising change like an addict. I'm just. But ", "you years Spokane. Or communicated. In any way with  Paris Hilton  over the last week I've had been but I know one Perez Hilton who. Apparently has been in contact with  Paris Hilton  over the last week and didn't really was able to share ", "ask you -- -- years Spokane. Or communicated. In any way with Paris Hilton over the last week -- -- I've had been but I know one. -- what we've. Talked about it they get. All ", "that was Perez Hilton who. Apparently has been in contact -- with Paris Hilton over the last week and didn't really was able to share much with us -- hopefully we can get -- back. ", "We from  Paris Hilton . For awhile now in this has been some of the Lindsay kind of has been overshadowed but she's led Lindsay and Melanie really ", "We -- from Paris Hilton . For awhile now in this -- has been some of the Lindsay kind of has been overshadowed but she's led Lindsay and ", "It's official  Paris Hilton  is too hot for Brazil out the sultry beer ad featuring the socialite has been pulled from the air after a watchdog agency's investigation ", "It's official Paris Hilton is too hot for Brazil out the sultry beer ad featuring the socialite has been pulled from the air after a watchdog ", 'Paris Hilton  betting on Green she for the second time in less than has been detained by police were popped possession. More trouble from this ', 'Paris Hilton -- betting on Green she for the second time in less than -- -- has been detained by police were popped possession. ']