['Several outbreaks of ciguatera fish poisoning have been confirmed in consumers who ate fish harvested in the northern Gulf of Mexico, the Food and Drug Administration said this week.The FDA said that fish such as grouper, snapper, amberjack and barracuda represent the most significant threat to consumers. They feed on fish that have eaten toxic marine algae. The toxin is stable in the tissue of living fish and does them no harm. But larger carnivores have higher concentrations of the toxin in their tissues. As a result, the greatest risk of poisoning for humans comes from the largest fish.Symptoms of ciguatera poisoning include nausea, vomiting, vertigo and joint pain. In the most serious cases, neurological problems can last for months or even years. Several outbreaks of the illness were confirmed in Washington, D.C., and St. Louis, the FDA said. Overall, there have been at least 28 reported cases across the country, with the first case being reported in late November.The fish linked ...', 'An over 22-foot-long crocodile that ripped prey to death and another huge croc that sucked prey to its doom were at the top of the European marine food chain 150 mil...', "From Jules Verne and his 20,000 leagues beneath the sea to the Beatles in their octopus's garden, landlubbers have long had a fascination with the world below the wa...", 'At half-past midnight, as Halloween stretched into All Saints Day, a thick crowd of revelers was milling around the corner of Bourbon and St. Louis streets in New Or...', 'They\'ve been described as "noble heroes" by sympathetic Somalis, denounced as criminals by critics. But the word most used to describe the men holding an American ca...', 'For young Somalis, piracy offers a life of adventure and money: At sea, they are armed with automatic weapons, rockets and grenades. On land, they are a cross betwee...', "To Iolani Lewis, taking tourists to watch sharks in the ocean is a way to educate people about one of the world's most feared creatures.But many in the affluent Hawa...", 'Several outbreaks of ciguatera fish poisoning have been confirmed in consumers who ate fish harvested in the northern Gulf of Mexico, the Food and Drug Administratio...', 'Bowls of piping hot barracuda soup were the much-anticipated treat when the Roa family gathered for a casual and relaxing Sunday meal.Within hours, all six fell deat...', 'What makes a hotel "weird"? Each year, we search for out-of-the-ordinary experiences that you can\'t find anywhere else in the world. "Weird" is our way of saying "on...']