['earth where I feel absolutely, 100 percent comfortable." At the age of 18, Macaulay left home, marrying actress  Rachel Miner . They split two years later. But Macaulay, now 22, is mounting a bit of comeback, having received good reviews ', 'a teenager." But for Mac, as he is known, "normal" was then and still is a relative term. He married actress  Rachel Miner , bought a huge New York City loft, and skipped the last months of high school. Now, at 21, separated from his wife ', "brought a big smile and a thumbs up from Brad Renfro, in attendance with his Bully mates, Phillips, Nick Stahl, and  Rachel Miner . Festivalgoers Clamor for Woody's Curse The festival saw a near riot as fans and media members tried to get into ", 'of senseless murder, the execution-style killing of a neighborhood bully by a group of teenagers. Her co-star  Rachel Miner , so far best known as Mrs. Macaulay Culkin, thinks that this is indicative of why the Bully murder happened in the ', "brought a big smile and a thumbs up from Brad Renfro, in attendance with his Bully mates, Phillips, Nick Stahl, and  Rachel Miner . Festivalgoers Clamor for Woody's Curse The festival saw a near riot as fans and media members tried to get into ", 'of senseless murder, the execution-style killing of a neighborhood bully by a group of teenagers. Her co-star  Rachel Miner , so far best known as Mrs. Macaulay Culkin, thinks that this is indicative of why the Bully murder happened in the ', "brought a big smile and a thumbs up from Brad Renfro, in attendance with his Bully mates, Phillips, Nick Stahl, and  Rachel Miner . Festivalgoers Clamor for Woody's Curse The festival saw a near riot as fans and media members tried to get into ", 'of senseless murder, the execution-style killing of a neighborhood bully by a group of teenagers. Her co-star  Rachel Miner , so far best known as Mrs. Macaulay Culkin, thinks that this is indicative of why the Bully murder happened in the ', "brought a big smile and a thumbs up from Brad Renfro, in attendance with his Bully mates, Phillips, Nick Stahl, and  Rachel Miner . Festivalgoers Clamor for Woody's Curse The festival saw a near riot as fans and media members tried to get into ", 'brought a big smile and a thumbs up from Brad Renfro, in attendance with his Bully mates, Phillips, Nick Stahl, and  Rachel Miner . Festivalgoers Clamor for Woody s Curse The festival saw a near riot as fans and media members tried to get into an ', 'of senseless murder, the execution-style killing of a neighborhood bully by a group of teenagers. Her co-star  Rachel Miner , so far best known as Mrs. Macaulay Culkin, thinks that this is indicative of why the Bully murder happened in the ', 'live in the apartment at the time of the tragedy. He had moved out earlier in 1998, when he married fellow actress  Rachel Miner . The two are now separated. A rep for the actor and his family did not know about the lawsuit and refused to comment ', 'live in the apartment at the time of the tragedy. He had moved out earlier in 1998, when he married fellow actress  Rachel Miner . The two are now separated. nbsp:nbsp:nbsp:nbsp: A rep for the actor and his family did not know about the ']