["It's no secret that those of us here tonight have had our differences over the last two years. The debates have been contentious; we have fought fiercely for our beliefs. And that's a good thing. ", ' reminded us that no matter who we are or where we come from, each of us is a part of something greater something more consequential than ', ' and point of view can be found, we are still bound together as one people; that we share common hopes and a common creed; that the dreams of a ', "Now, by itself, this simple recognition won't usher in a new era of cooperation. What comes of this moment is up to us. What comes of this moment will be determined not by whether we can sit together tonight, but whether we can work together tomorrow.", " the people who sent us here expect of us. With their votes, they've determined that governing will now be a shared responsibility between parties. New laws will only pass with support from ", '. We will move forward together, or not at all for the challenges we face are bigger than ', 'At stake right now is not who wins the next election after all, we just had an election. At stake is whether new jobs and industries take root in this ', ' owner who dreams of turning a good idea into a thriving enterprise. By the opportunities ', ". The steps we've taken over the last two years may have broken the back of this recession but to win the ", " tonight can probably remember a time when finding a good job meant showing up at a nearby factory or a business downtown. You didn't always need a degree, and your competition was pretty much limited to your neighbors. If you worked hard, chances are you'd have a job for life, with a decent paycheck, good benefits, and the occasional promotion. Maybe you'd even have the pride of seeing your kids work at the same ", " has changed. And for many, the change has been painful. I've seen it in the shuttered windows of once booming factories, and the vacant storefronts of once busy ", ' have changed. In a single generation, revolutions in technology have transformed the way we live, work and do business. Steel mills that once needed 1,000 workers can now do the same work with 100. Today, just about any ', " earlier and longer, with greater emphasis on math and science. They're investing in research and new technologies. Just recently, ", " has changed. The competition for jobs is real. But this shouldn't discourage us. It should challenge us. Remember for all the hits we've taken these last few years, for all the naysayers predicting our decline, ", ' has more successful companies, or grants more patents to inventors and entrepreneurs. We are home to the ', "'s best colleges and universities, where more students come to study than any other place on ", ' to be founded for the sake of an idea the idea that each of us deserves the chance to shape our own destiny. That is why centuries of pioneers and immigrants have risked everything to come here. It\'s why our students don\'t just memorize equations, but answer questions like "What do you think of that idea? What would you change about the ', ' has never been about standing pat. It has required each generation to sacrifice, and struggle, and meet the demands of a new age.', "Now it's our turn. We know what it takes to compete for the jobs and industries of our time. We need to out-innovate, out-educate, and out-build the ", " will be, or where the new jobs will come from. Thirty years ago, we couldn't know that something called the ", ' does better than anyone is spark the creativity and imagination of our people. We are the ', ' has provided cutting-edge scientists and inventors with the support that they need. ', 'Just think of all the good jobs from manufacturing to retail that have come from those breakthroughs.', " we had no idea how we'd beat them to the moon. The science wasn't there yet. NASA didn't even exist. But after investing in better research and education, we didn't just surpass the ", ' technology an investment that will strengthen our security, protect our planet, and create countless new jobs for our people.', ' have done for over two hundred years: reinvented ourselves. And to spur on more success stories like the ', "'s scientists and engineers that if they assemble teams of the best minds in their fields, and focus on the hardest problems in ", ", they're developing a way to turn sunlight and water into fuel for our cars. At ", '. With more research and incentives, we can break our dependence on oil with biofuels, and become the first ', ". I don't know if you've noticed, but they're doing just fine on their own. So instead of subsidizing yesterday's ", " jobs if businesses know there will be a market for what they're selling. So tonight, I challenge you to join me in setting a new goal: by ", 'Think about it. Over the next ten years, nearly half of all new jobs will require education that goes beyond a ', ", and as parents are willing to do what's necessary to give every child a chance to succeed.", "That responsibility begins not in our classrooms, but in our homes and communities. It's family that first instills the love of learning in a child. Only parents can make sure the ", " is turned off and homework gets done. We need to teach our kids that it's not just the winner of the ", "Our schools share this responsibility. When a child walks into a classroom, it should be a place of high expectations and high performance. But too many schools don't meet this test. That's why instead of just pouring money into a system that's not working, we launched a competition called ", ', we said, "If you show us the most innovative plans to improve teacher quality and ', ' in a generation. For less than one percent of what we spend on education each year, it has led over 40 ', ' to raise their standards for teaching and learning. These standards were developed, not by ', '; located on turf between two rival gangs. But last May, 97% of the seniors received their diploma. Most will be the first in their family to go to ', ". And after the first year of the school's transformation, the principal who made it ", "Let's also remember that after parents, the biggest impact on a child's success comes from the man or woman at the front of the classroom. In ", ' with the same level of respect. We want to reward good teachers and stop making excuses for bad ones. And over the next ten years, with so many ', ' retiring from our classrooms, we want to prepare 100,000 new teachers in the fields of science, technology, engineering, and math.', " must be within reach of every American. That's why we've ended the unwarranted taxpayer subsidies that went to banks, and used the savings to make ", "Because people need to be able to train for new jobs and careers in today's fast-changing ", '. Many of the students there used to work in the surrounding factories that have since left town. One mother of two, a woman named ', " since she was 18 years old. And she told me she's earning her degree in biotechnology now, at 55 years old, not just because the furniture jobs are gone, but because she wants to inspire her ", 'If we take these steps if we raise expectations for every child, and give them the best ', " chance at an education, from the day they're born until the last job they take we will reach the goal I set two years ago: by the end of the decade, ", 'One last point about education. Today, there are hundreds of thousands of students excelling in our schools who are not American ', ' and pledge allegiance to our flag, and yet live every day with the threat of deportation. Others come here from abroad to study in our colleges and universities. But as soon as they obtain advanced degrees, we send them back home to compete against us. It makes no sense.', 'Now, I strongly believe that we should take on, once and for all, the issue of illegal immigration. I am prepared to work with ', " who are now living in the shadows. I know that debate will be difficult and take time. But tonight, let's agree to make that effort. And let's stop expelling talented, responsible ", '. To attract new businesses to our shores, we need the fastest, most reliable ways to move people, goods, and information from high-speed rail to high-speed ', ' is building faster trains and newer airports. Meanwhile, when our own engineers graded our ', ". The jobs created by these projects didn't just come from laying down tracks or pavement. They came from businesses that opened near a town's new ", " to work repairing crumbling roads and bridges. We will make sure this is fully paid for, attract private investment, and pick projects based on what's best for the ", ' access to high-speed rail, which could allow you go places in half the time it takes to travel by car. For some trips, it will be faster than flying without the pat-down. As we speak, routes in ', ' for business to deploy the next generation of high-speed wireless coverage to 98% of all ', ". It's about a firefighter who can download the design of a burning building onto a handheld device; a student who can take classes with a digital textbook; or a patient who can have face-to-face video chats with her doctor.", ' to do business and create jobs. But to help our companies compete, we also have to knock down barriers that stand in the way of their success.', ' to benefit particular companies and industries. Those with accountants or lawyers to work the system can end up paying no taxes at all. But all the rest are hit with one of the highest ', 'To help businesses sell more products abroad, we set a goal of doubling our exports by ', ', the more jobs we create at home. Already, our exports are up. Recently, we signed agreements with ', ' that put an unnecessary burden on businesses, we will fix them. But I will not hesitate to create or enforce commonsense safeguards to protect the ', " for more than a century. It's why our food is safe to eat, our water is safe to drink, and our air is safe to breathe. It's why we have ", ". It's why last year, we put in place consumer protections against hidden fees and penalties by ", '. So let me be the first to say that anything can be improved. If you have ideas about how to improve this law by making care better or more affordable, I am eager to work with you. We can start right now by correcting a flaw in the legislation that has placed an unnecessary bookkeeping burden on ', " could deny someone coverage because of a pre-existing condition. I'm not willing to tell ", ", that he has to go back to paying $5,000 more to cover his employees. As we speak, this law is making prescription drugs cheaper for seniors and giving uninsured students a chance to stay on their parents' coverage. So instead of re-fighting the battles of the last two years, let's fix what needs fixing and move forward.", ", some of that was necessary to keep credit flowing, save jobs, and put money in people's pockets.", 'But now that the worst of the recession is over, we have to confront the fact that our ', ' spends more than it takes in. That is not sustainable. Every day, families sacrifice to live within their means. They deserve a ', 'So tonight, I am proposing that starting this year, we freeze annual domestic spending for the next five years. This would reduce the ', 'This freeze will require painful cuts. Already, we have frozen the salaries of hardworking ', " employees for the next two years. I've proposed cuts to things I care deeply about, like community action programs. ", " have already proposed deeper cuts, and I'm willing to eliminate whatever we can honestly afford to do without. But let's make sure that we're not doing it on the backs of our most vulnerable ", " and education is like lightening an overloaded airplane by removing its engine. It may feel like you're ", "Now, most of the cuts and savings I've proposed only address annual domestic spending, which represents a little more than 12% of our budget. To make further ", ", we have to stop pretending that cutting this kind of spending alone will be enough. It won't.", ' will slow these rising costs, which is part of why nonpartisan economists have said that repealing the ', ". Still, I'm willing to look at other ideas to bring down costs, including one that ", 'To put us on solid ground, we should also find a bipartisan solution to strengthen ', '. And we must do it without putting at risk current retirees, the most vulnerable, or ', '. Before we take money away from our schools, or scholarships away from our students, we should ask millionaires to give up their ', '. This will be a tough job, but members of both parties have expressed interest in doing this, and I am prepared to join them.', ' to forge a principled compromise that gets the job done. If we make the hard choices now to rein in our deficits, we can make the investments we need to win the ', '. There are twelve different agencies that deal with exports. There are at least five different entities that deal with ', 'Now, we have made great strides over the last two years in using technology and getting rid of waste. Veterans can now download their ', " that hasn't been used in years, and we will cut through red tape to get rid of more. But we need to think bigger. In the coming months, my administration will develop a proposal to merge, consolidate, and reorganize the ", ' are being spent, you will be able to go to a website and get that information for the very first time in history. Because you deserve to know when your elected officials are meeting with lobbyists, I ask ', " deserve to know that special interests aren't larding up legislation with pet projects, both parties in ", ' should know this: if a bill comes to my desk with earmarks inside, I will veto it.', 'And so we must defeat determined enemies wherever they are, and build coalitions that cut across lines of region and race and religion. ', "'s moral example must always shine for all who yearn for freedom, justice, and dignity. And because we have begun this work, tonight we can say that American leadership has been renewed and ", ' have left with their heads held high; where American combat patrols have ended; violence has come down; and a new ', ' and their affiliates continue to plan attacks against us. Thanks to our intelligence and ', ' professionals, we are disrupting plots and securing our cities and skies. And as extremists try to inspire acts of violence within our ', 'Thanks to our heroic troops and civilians, fewer Afghans are under the control of the insurgency. There will be tough fighting ahead, and the ', ' will need to deliver better governance. But we are strengthening the capacity of the ', ' with them. This year, we will work with nearly 50 countries to begin a transition to an Afghan lead. And this July, we will begin to bring our troops home.', '. Their leaders and operatives are being removed from the battlefield. Their safe-havens are shrinking. And we have sent a message from the Afghan border to the ', ' to all parts of the globe: we will not relent, we will not waver, and we will defeat you.', 'American leadership can also be seen in the effort to secure the worst weapons of war. Because ', ' are being locked down on every continent so they never fall into the hands of terrorists.', '. Around the globe, we are standing with those who take responsibility helping farmers grow more food; supporting doctors who care for the sick; and combating the corruption that can rot a society and rob people of opportunity.', 'Recent events have shown us that what sets us apart must not just be our power it must be the purpose behind it. In ', ' with our assistance the people were finally able to vote for independence after years of war. Thousands lined up ', ' at war summed up the scene around him: "This was a battlefield for most of my life. Now we want to be free."', "We must never forget that the things we've struggled for, and fought for, live in the hearts of people everywhere. And we must always remember that the ", ' serve them as well as they have served us by giving them the equipment they need; by providing them with the care and benefits they have earned; and by enlisting our veterans in the great task of building our own ', '. They are Christian and Hindu, Jewish and Muslim. And, yes, we know that some of them are gay. Starting this year, no American will be forbidden from serving the ', 'We should have no illusions about the work ahead of us. Reforming our schools; changing the way we use ', ' none of this is easy. All of it will take time. And it will be harder because we will argue about everything. The cost. The details. The letter of every law.', " no matter how many homes are bulldozed. If they don't want a bad story in the newspaper, it doesn't get written.", "And yet, as contentious and frustrating and messy as our democracy can sometimes be, I know there isn't a person here who would trade places with any other ", 'We may have differences in policy, but we all believe in the rights enshrined in our ', '. We may have different opinions, but we believe in the same promise that says this is a place where you can make it if you try. We may have different backgrounds, but we believe in the same ', ' that specializes in a new kind of drilling technology. One day last summer, he saw the news that halfway across the ', ' employees worked around the clock to manufacture the necessary drilling equipment. And ', 'Along with others, he began drilling a 2,000 foot hole into the ground, working three or four days at a time with no sleep. ', " succeeded, and the miners were rescued. But because he didn't want all of the attention, ", " wasn't there when the miners emerged. He had already gone home, back to work on his next project.", ' that says, "I might not have a lot of money, but I have this great idea for a new ', ' graduates, but I will be the first to get my degree. I might not know those people in trouble, but ', '. And tonight, more than two centuries later, it is because of our people that our ']