["Obama: 'People have spoken, Egypt will never be the same' - Video on NBCNews.com", "President Obama makes a statement from the White House regarding the resignation of Hosni Mubarak as Egypt's president.", 'This content comes from Closed Captioning that was broadcast along with this program.', 'there are very few moments in our lives where we have the privilege to witness history taking place. this is one of those moments. this is one of those times. the people of ', "'s transition. it's a beginning. i'm sure there will be difficult days ahead, and many questions remain unanswered. but i am confident that the people of ", ' can find the answers and do so peacefully, constructively, and in the spirit of unity that has defined these last few weeks. for ', ' have made it clear that nothing less than genuine democracy will carry the day. the military has served patriotically and responsibly, as a caretaker to the state, and will now have to ensure a transition that is credible in the eyes of the ', "'s citizens, lifting the emergency law, revising the constitution and other laws to make this change irreversible and laying out a clear path to elections that are fair and free. above all, this transition must bring all of ", ". we stand ready to provide whatever assistance is necessary and asked for, to pursue a credible transition to a democracy. i'm also confident that the same ingenuity and ", ' have shown in recent days can be harnessed to create new opportunities, jobs and businesses that allow the extraordinary potential of this generation to take flight. and i know that a democratic ', ' can advance its role responsible leadership, not only in the region but around the world. ', ' for over 6,000 years. but over the last few weeks, the wheel of history turned at a blinding pace, as the ', ' demanded their universal rights. we saw mothers and fathers carrying their children on their shoulders to show them what true freedom might look like. we saw young ', " say, for the first time in my life i really count, my voice is heard. even though i'm only one person, this is the way real democracy works. we saw protestors chant, we are peaceful, again and again. we saw military that would not fire bullets at the people they were sworn to protect. we ", ' and nurses rushing into the streets to care for those who were wounded, volunteers checking protestors to ensure that they were unarmed. we saw people of faith praying together and chanting, muslims, christians, "we are one" and we know that the strains between faiths still divide too many in this world, no single event will close that chasm immediately, these scenes reminus that we he need not be defined by our differences. we can be defines by the common humanity that we share. and above all, we saw a new generation emerge. a generation that uses their own creativity and talent and technology to call for a government that represented their hopes and not their fears. a government that is responsive to their boundless aspirations, one egyptian put it simply, most people have discovered in the last few days that they are worth something, and this cannot be taken away from them anymore. ever. this is the power of ', " have inspired us and they've done so by putting the lie to the idea that justice is guest gained through violence. for ", " the moral force of nonviolence, not terrorism, not mindless killing, but nonviolence, moral force, that bent the arc of history towards justice one more. while sights and sounds we heard weren't entirely egyptian we can't help but hear the echoes of history, echos from germans tearing down a wall, indonesian students taking to the streets, gandhi leading his people down path of justice. as ", " said in celebrating a new bir of a nation in ghana, trying to perfect his own, there's something in the soul that cries out for freedom. those were the cries that came from tahrir square and the entire world has taken note. today belongs to the people of ", " because of who we are as a people and the kind of world we want our children to grow up in. the word tahrir means liberation. it's a word that speaks to that something in our souls that cries out for freedom. forever more it will remind us of the ", ', of what they did, of the things that they stood for, and how they changed their country and in doing so changed the world. thank you.']