['robert langdon in the movie of "the  da vinci code ." And today, the author of the book,  dan brown , announced a new book with a puzzle tweet from a fan. The title " inferno ," as in dante\'s " inferno " with its nine circles of hell ', 'hanks, as you know, played robert langdon in the movie of "the da vinci code ." And today, the author of the book, dan brown , announced a new book with a puzzle on his website. Each clue revealing itself with a tweet from a fan. The title " inferno ," as in dante\'s " inferno " with its nine circles of hell. The book will come out in may. And, how about the new york skyline, in transition ', "that gave the world the  Da Vinci code  including author  Dan Brown  director Ron Howard and plain sight. Even before  Dan Brown 's the  Da Vinci code  imagine a modern day aluminum continuing debate about  Dan Brown 's blend of historical ", "didn't countries including the Vatican. Like hiding in plain sight. Even before Dan Brown's the Da Vinci code -- imagine a modern day aluminum body of work within the Catholic Church. It includes. Director Ron Howard and the team didn't ", "from the author of the  Da Vinci code  came out today and it's The opening scene of  Dan Brown 's new novel takes place powerful conspiracies. Now  Dan brown  and all through the two anxious about getting that  Dan Brown  treatment we don't ", "of the nation's capital. The newest novel from the author of the Da Vinci code came out today and it's built around the premise. That there may be a secret code hidden among the famous buildings of Washington. It is an intriguing premise. Here's David -- The opening scene of Dan Brown's new novel takes place outside the imposing headquarters. Of the Scottish -- free masons this is called the temple room. In this ", "selling author of the  Da Vinci code  slipped through a side London's High Court  Dan Brown  called the allegations the holy Grail and the  Da Vinci code  both contain the theory in favor of amendment  Dan Brown . For the millions of ", "-- The best selling author of the Da Vinci code slipped through a side door that reportedly appeared in court relaxed and smiling. Testifying at London's High Court Dan Brown called the allegations against him absurd down brown says I actually recess this -- from -- -- Of which fuels as well. Claimants say. And -- -- isn't -- historians behind this book published more than twenty years ago are suing Brown's publisher for copyright infringement. The holy blood and the holy Grail and the Da Vinci code both contain the theory that Jesus had a child with Mary Magdalene establishing a bloodline. That is where the similarities stop according to brown I think that it's. She costs shots -- -- it's just in favor of amendment Dan Brown . For the millions of fans of the Da Vinci code the legal proceedings are not expected to interfere with the release of the film version due out in May. With an estimated forty million copies of the novel sold worldwide the movie will likely be a runaway hit. The folks benefiting from the mega market created by the Da Vinci code are just hoping the courtroom drama thousands -- -- Hollywood's. The case is expected to wrap up this week. Last August Dan Brown won a court ruling against another author who claimed the Da Vinci code had copied elements from two of his novels. Stephanie -- ABC news London. ", "Story that sounds like the  Da Vinci code  that they Robert Ludlum spy novel one of the people closest drivers can increase its. Could be plot twist. right out of  Dan Brown 's Vatican thriller angels and demons. But leaks is not fiction ", "drivers can increase its. Could be plot twist. -- right out of Dan Brown's Vatican thriller angels and demons. But -- leaks is not fiction it is a huge embarrassment to the Pope. Highlighting corruption and ", "makes the list the  Da Vinci code  we thought that the trial over whether  Dan Brown  the book's author favor Vinci code  Dan Brown . We took it at face value. The  Da Vinci code  judge seems to it was fair for  Dan Brown  to borrow ideas ", 'come from god. Also cracking the unexpected code the judge in the Da Vinci code plagiarism case has hidden a surprise in his ruling. And hijacking the airwaves twenty years ago today captain midnight replaced HBO satellite ', "coup d'etat the executive branch. One last search makes the list the Da Vinci code we thought that the trial over whether Dan Brown the book's author stole material was long over he was ruled innocent. But as ABC's David Wright explains the judge in the case is made sure it's anything but solved. -- court judgments are usually cut and dry so when a London judge recently ruled in favor Vinci code -- Dan Brown . We took it at face value. The Da Vinci code judge seems to have gotten in the spirit of things and embedded his secret message in his -- Certain seemingly random letters ", "If you've read the  Da Vinci code  or seen the movie version right at the core of the  Da Vinci code . But with a twist and  Dan Brown 's version the Grail is the child of Jesus. The  Da Vinci code  is pure fiction of course ", "If you've read the Da Vinci code or seen the movie version you're familiar with the notion of the holy Grail that's the belief that the chalice used by Jesus since the last at the last supper survived through the centuries. And retains miraculous Powell about legends right at the core of the Da Vinci code . But with a twist and Dan Brown's version the Grail is not a chalice. Brown -- the chalice is instead Mary Magdalene carrying the child of Jesus. The Da Vinci code is pure fiction of course some people believe this controversial -- Including a filmmaker you're about to meet end in a new ", "The  Da Vinci code  we thought that the trial over whether  Dan Brown  the book's author Vinci code author  Dan Brown . We took it at face value. The  Da Vinci code  judge seems to have it was fair for  Dan Brown  to borrow ideas ", "The Da Vinci code we thought that the trial over whether Dan Brown the book's author stole the Chara was long over he was ruled innocent. But as ABC's David Wright explains the judge in the case is made sure it's anything but solved. -- court judgments are usually cut and dry so when a London judge recently ruled in favor Vinci code author Dan Brown . We took it at face value. The Da Vinci code judge seems to have gotten in the spirit of things and embedded his secret message in these -- Certain seemingly random letters ", "the world. It's is here you talk about it because one of the things that. People thought they got from the  Da Vinci code Dan Brown  book. Is that they're like now I get it they were just following pagan thing these these are unique Lee Christian ", "because one of the things that. People thought they got from the Da Vinci code Dan Brown book. Is that they're like -- now I get it they were just following pagan thing these these are unique Lee Christian "]