['To try I just tried  Green eggs and ham  seen here and in 1973. Cartoon I do not  Green eggs and ham . This is classic his editor. Could  Dr .  Seuss  using just fifty words of famers I would  Green eggs and ham  I do not like them ', "and begging his unnamed put upon friend. To try I just tried Green eggs and ham seen here and in 1973. Cartoon I do not -- Green eggs and ham . This is classic published in 1960. Came from a -- between the author and his editor. Could Dr . Seuss using just fifty words -- an entertaining and intelligent children's book. You know word yes -- won the bet a dollar for each word. Since then it has become one of the best selling children's books of all time read by American presidents. What you're like -- -- -- And Miss America as I do not my thing here or there Heisman winners went up like -- anywhere and hall of famers I would -- Green eggs and ham I do not like them. And the book hit this site guys who Jesse Jackson's famous recitation on Saturday Night Live. How lobbying them in the Ray -- -- -- -- all of train. You can check out the food network's web site for Green eggs and ham recipes. -- -- hate -- turn into a kids' musical. Yeah yeah -- And a pop song that you think you can ", 'To try I just tried  Green eggs and ham  seen here and in 1973. Cartoon I do not  Green eggs and ham . This is classic his editor. Could  Dr .  Seuss  using just fifty words of famers I would  Green eggs and ham  I do not like them ', "and begging his unnamed put upon friend. To try I just tried Green eggs and ham seen here and in 1973. Cartoon I do not -- Green eggs and ham . This is classic published in 1960. Came from a -- between the author and his editor. Could Dr . Seuss using just fifty words -- an entertaining and intelligent children's book. You know word yes -- won the bet a dollar for each word. Since then it has become one of the best selling children's books of all time read by American presidents. What you're like -- -- -- And Miss America as I do not my thing here or there Heisman winners went up like -- anywhere and hall of famers I would -- Green eggs and ham I do not like them. And the book hit this site guys who Jesse Jackson's famous recitation on Saturday Night Live. How lobbying them in the Ray -- -- -- -- all of train. You can check out the food network's web site for Green eggs and ham recipes. -- -- hate -- turn into a kids' musical. Yeah yeah -- And a pop song that you think you can ", "happy birthday  Dr .  Seuss  and. Okay your favorite  Dr .  Seuss  book is  the cat in the hat  floor all you'll go  green eggs and ham  I don't What was  doctor seuss ' the real special.  The cat in the hat  knows a lot ", "I've already diagnoses. And water well. Dr. -- is real. What was doctor seuss' the real name nominee tell you that's what you guys think about. Middle name wasn't fat -- if you want perhaps to ", 'The First Lady and Secretary of Education read " Green Eggs and Ham " to children.', "a statement. With those socks I don't know we have video but it is a trademark the president there it is right sort of a  Dr .  Seuss  look to a this is this is the Sigmund. He's he's become known for this in his in his retirement in the post presidential ", "a trademark the president there it is right -- sort of a Dr . Seuss look to a this is -- this is the Sigmund. He's he's become known for this in his in his retirement in ", "Saturday night or sometime after that. It's  doctor seuss ' acts of guardian of trees in a children's book Stovall or acts from the her backyard of the real  Dr .  Seuss Theodor Geisel . He died in 1991. But what still lives here ", "property. This statue that disappeared Saturday night or sometime after that. It's doctor seuss' -- acts of guardian of trees in a children's book and most recently on the big screen. Did you chopped down -- street. I think he -- -- beaten. I thought it was where those pranks that people -- television. So I said okay come on you guys where -- it it wasn't a prank -- Stovall or acts from the -- her backyard of the real Dr Seuss Theodor Geisel He died in 1991. But -- what -- still lives here. The war -- statue was made by her daughter only one ", "Kennedy who received the official 100 million book from first.  Green eggs and ham . They could voters. They prove they can get jobs. It's homes tonight. Need gift of Reading and we love the way  Dr .  Seuss  himself wrote it. The more that you the more things you ", "homes tonight. Need -- gift of Reading and we love the way Dr . Seuss himself wrote it. The more that you -- the more things you will know the more that you've learned the more places ", "famous children's author is also  Theodor Geisel  today would have been a 105 birthday some of the popular characters.  Dr .  Seuss  wrote and illustrated 44 children's books including hand and  the cat in the hat . Also rising little photography ", "rising searches is doctor saint birthday famous children's author is also -- Theodor Geisel today would have been a 105 birthday. Google celebrating the -- by modifying its logo with some of the popular characters. Dr . Seuss wrote and illustrated 44 children's books including -- -- hand and the cat in the hat . Also rising -- little photography this surfer photographer was featured on Good Morning America today for some amazing pictures He took. In ", "try I just tried  Green eggs and ham  seen here in in 1973 his editor. Could  Dr .  Seuss  using just fifty hall of famers would  Green eggs and ham  I do not like them network's web site for  Green eggs and ham  recipes born on hey ", "and begging his unnamed put upon friend. To try I just tried Green eggs and ham seen here in in 1973 cartoon I do not like Green egg and ham -- This is classic published in 1960. Came from a -- between the author and his editor. Could Dr . Seuss using just fifty words -- an entertaining and intelligent children's book. You know word yes -- won the bet a dollar for each word. Since then it has become one of the best selling children's books of all time read by American presidents. What you're like it here or there and Miss America -- -- do not my thing here or there Heisman winners went up like that anywhere. And hall of famers would -- Green eggs and ham I do not like them yeah. And the book hit this site guys -- Jesse Jackson's famous recitation on Saturday Night Live. How lobbying them in the rain now not need them all -- train. You can check out the food network's web site for Green eggs and ham recipes born on hey it's been turn into a kids' musical. Yeah. And pop song that you think you can convince me ", "kicked off one of the many races. Later He and the First Lady red  Dr .  Seuss  books would not eat  Green eggs and ham  I'd like them. MI AMR Obama chose  Green eggs and ham  but He says offers an important message with the parents the a broadly ", "of the many -- races. Later He and the First Lady red Dr . Seuss books -- would not eat Green eggs and ham I'd like them. -- MI AMR Obama chose Green eggs and ham but He says offers an important message with the parents the a broadly. -- -- Let's just. Let it yeah. And that ", "that and I didn't live. Finally this half I don't know actually event. As we just showed you the big screen version of  Dr .  Seuss  story no more brought in seventy million. Chain. But is it worth your time and your live we sent digital music Henderson ", 'we just showed you the big screen -- -- version of -- Dr . Seuss story no more -- brought in seventy million. Chain. But is it worth your time and your live we sent digital music ', 'Finally it was Dr. who famously wrote I do not like them Sam I am I do not like  green eggs and ham  but tonight. Napa Valley chef Michael LL. Serves up  green eggs and ham  so tasty that he animal trying. All that purple prostitute for our series ', 'I do not like them Sam I am I do not like green eggs and ham but tonight. Napa Valley chef Michael -- LL. Serves up green eggs and ham so tasty that he -- -- animal trying. All that purple prostitute for our series. That Nightline platelets. The only camera on. ', "also a search and it is an obtuse it is not seeking news about a moose or goose there's been many a search about the great  Dr .  Seuss . today is the there's a 104 birthday in celebrations all over the country kick off a week of events promote reading. Theodor ", "a moose or goose there's been many a search about the great Dr . Seuss . -- -- today is the -- there's a 104 birthday in celebrations all over the country kick off a week of events ", "like them that until you. Yeah got trying to that's my. That was the lesson that the president was teaching today from  Green eggs and ham  but I wonder if that's how He perceives the presidency and something told him that Sasha and heard that spiel about vegetables ", "my. That was the lesson that the president was teaching today from Green eggs and ham but I wonder if that's how He perceives the presidency -- -- and something told him that Sasha and -- heard that ", "the burning the sun. You a after a man. And saying when you're Karen. I'm curious. You couldn't just be happy  Green eggs and ham  here picks how'd it happen if where memorizing. Things I mean he would he had screenings time is so and we started reading ", "when you're -- Karen. I'm curious. You couldn't just be happy -- Green eggs and ham here picks how'd it happen if -- -- where memorizing. Things I mean he would he had screenings -- time is so ", "spelling And Josh already my favorites she's awesome man different OC Marion is awesome her mother says her first book was  doctor seuss '. Hop on pop which Laurie and red. At the tender age of two now is the youngest person ever to qualify for the be setting ", "-- Marion is -- awesome her mother says her first book was doctor seuss' . Hop on pop which Laurie and red. At the tender age of two now -- is the youngest person ever to qualify ", "Welcome everybody to the top news heat index fell what you like and you  Dr .  Seuss  book if you like it in a car would you like it here far. You can have a several ways because we'll be here in thirty days is ", "to the top news heat index fell what you like and you Dr . Seuss book if you like it in a car would you like it here far. You can have a several ways because we'll ", 'get the books for my kids. And finally in "pop news" on this wonderful wednesday. We celebrate two eepers. First,  the cat in the hat . Meet the cat on the head. As we know, all cats love fish. Sometimes, they have a hard time staying away from the family ', 'in "pop news" on this wonderful wednesday. We celebrate two eepers. First, the cat in the hat . Meet the cat on the head. As we know, all cats love fish. Sometimes, they have a hard time staying away from ']