['Rita Moreno  will receive the Life Achievement Award for career and humanitarian accomplishments at the 20th annual SAG Awards. Screen Actors ', 'Before Jennifer Lopez and Sophia Vergara, there was  Rita Moreno . The Hispanic heartthrob from "West Side Story" is finished a movie. The autobiography she\'s written, " Rita Moreno : A Memoir," tells an extraordinary immigrant story ', 'Organizers of the Latino inaugural celebrations, which culminated in a series of performances by renowned artists like  Rita Moreno  at the Kennedy Center, are giving grants to several foundations that aim to advance Latino arts and culture. The Friends ', 'than in other entertainment awards, because it receives federal funding, he told CBS . He said that Carlos Santana,  Rita Moreno , Joan Baez, Gloria Estefan are among the Latino artists which have been overlooked for the award. Some past winners ', 'Music, Joseph P. Riley, Jr., The School of American Ballet, Frank Stella , Michael Tilson Thomas, John Williams,  Rita Moreno , Robert A. Caro, Annette Gordon-Reed, David Levering Lewis, William H. McNeill, Philippe de Montebello, Albert ', 'follow. (Carter has always been fiercely competitive. Pundits long ago dubbed him the Chita Rivera to Gore\'s [ Rita ]  Moreno .)" Rocca writes. "For Gore to secure his singular status -- winner of the Oscar, Emmy, Grammy, Tony and Nobel ', 'follow. (Carter has always been fiercely competitive. Pundits long ago dubbed him the Chita Rivera to Gore\'s [ Rita ]  Moreno .)" Rocca writes. "For Gore to secure his singular status -- winner of the Oscar, Emmy, Grammy, Tony and Nobel ', 'follow. (Carter has always been fiercely competitive. Pundits long ago dubbed him the Chita Rivera to Gore\'s [ Rita ]  Moreno .)" Rocca writes. "For Gore to secure his singular status -- winner of the Oscar, Emmy, Grammy, Tony and Nobel ', 'orchestra, 400-member choir, and celebrities to tell the story of Christmas. Edward James Olmos, Gary Sinese and  Rita Moreno  are among the perennials in a cast that includes some 15 stars. There are three, 40-minute shows nightly. The ', 'Joss Stone and American R&B singer Ashanti -- all wearing red. The Emmy, Grammy, Tony and Oscar-winning actress  Rita Moreno  donned a cherry red tulle hat and matching corsage, dancing down the runway. She was followed soon after by Klum ', 'of diva-belting role that other women have won for in big musicals like Catherine Zeta-Jones in "Chicago" and  Rita Moreno  in "West Side Story." Best Supporting Actor Nominees Alan Arkin in "Little Miss Sunshine" Jackie Earle Haley in ', 'in hollywood was a pioneer. But  rita moreno  blazed a trail so bright, jennifer something truly age-defying, look at  rita moreno  in 1961 in "west side story perseverance. And so we choose  rita moreno , whose next award, by the way ', 'a time when a hispanic woman in hollywood was a pioneer. But rita moreno blazed a trail so bright, jennifer lopez said she grew up wanting to be like the girl in "west side story" who danced her way to her dreams. Here\'s abc\'s dan harris. Reporter: If you want to see something truly age-defying, look at rita moreno in 1961 in "west side story." And look at her this morning in her home this berkeley, california, at age 81. She\'s ', 'me is "perseverancia y esperanza," hope and perseverance. And so we choose rita moreno , whose next award, by the way, is the songbook hall of fame. And we thank you for watching. ', 'Webcast: Bye-bye Airline Movies, Texting Championship and Caption Contest Strategy', "not just told. As it should be in some places below the equator chunks device or breaking off from Argentina's for  Rita Moreno  glacier. ABC's Clayton send Dell has more in this week's edition of the nature's notebook. What's happening ", "places below the equator chunks device or breaking off from Argentina's for Rita Moreno glacier. ABC's Clayton send Dell has more in this week's edition of the nature's -- notebook. What's happening at the -- Marino ", "it's not as cold as it should be in some places below the equator chunks device or breaking off from Argentina's for  Rita Moreno  glacier. ABC's SNL has more in this week's edition of the nature's notebook. What's happening at the Marino ", "places below the equator chunks device or breaking off from Argentina's for Rita Moreno glacier. ABC's -- SNL has more in this week's edition of the nature's -- notebook. What's happening at the -- Marino glacier. "]