['how many times it took author  e . B .  White  to read this passage of the famous It\'s the audio book version of " charlotte \' s web ." Nobody of the hundreds of Today marks 60 years since " charlotte \' s web " was published and became a children\'s ', 'the news. 17. We learned that\'s how many times it took author e . B . White to read this passage of the famous book he wrote without crying. It\'s the audio book version of " charlotte\'s web ." Nobody of the hundreds of people that had visited the fair knew that a gray spider had played the most important part of all. No one was with her when she died. Today marks 60 years since " charlotte\'s web " was published and became a children\'s classic. And a quote in the news from someone who got quite a surprise in the ', "children's paperback of all time now in new movie  Charlotte ' s web . And reason enough to sit down with  Julia Roberts  to talk about spiders and motherhood and marriage and ", "the best selling children's paperback of all time now in new movie Charlotte's web . And -- reason enough to sit down with Julia Roberts to talk about spiders and motherhood and marriage and the words the changed her life. Yeah -- beloved childhood tale of friendship ", "Smith's pursuit of happiness and  Charlotte ' s web . Some movie. Some big. Some it's very rare bird watching  Charlotte ' s web . I felt every frame was designed first and foremost about bringing  EB white 's great to there's absolutely ", "are rising ABC's Jill Siegel reviews will Smith's pursuit of happiness and Charlotte's web . Some movie. Some big. Some star in Dakota Fanning and radiant it's very rare bird watching Charlotte's web . I felt every frame was designed directed and acted at people who cared first and foremost about bringing EB white's great -- to -- -- -- there's absolutely. One of the best films of the year. Man I got two questions for ", "World News: Northwest Storm; Rumsfeld's Legacy; Iraq's Soccer Team; Office Gifting Etiquette", "star in Dakota Fanning radiant been watching  Charlotte ' s web . I felt every frame was designed directed and who cared first and foremost about bringing  EB white 's great to life  Charlotte ' s web  is absolutely. One of the best film Man I got ", "big. Some star in Dakota Fanning radiant -- -- -- been watching Charlotte's web . I felt every frame was designed directed and acted people who cared first and foremost about bringing EB white's great -- to life Charlotte's web is absolutely. One of the best film -- Man I got two questions for you. What do you do and how do ", "can't be twelfth. The classic childhood classic  Charlotte ' s web  now after working with a string of Oscar winner she Don't think it can anchor delight we appreciate it and  Charlotte ' s web  opened the hitters on December 50.", "age of twelve carefully he can't be twelfth. The classic childhood classic Charlotte's web now after working with a string of Oscar winner she has graduated to a new kind of costar went on usually pink. ", "Don't think it can anchor -- -- delight we appreciate it and Charlotte's web opened the hitters on December 50. ", "would have. this would've it. In the new issue of people Jessica Simpson gives deet tails over Texas shower with a  Charlotte ' s web  steam. The snapped on Simpson's indulge in southern favorites fried chicken backing cheese and her favorite dessert ", "people Jessica Simpson gives deet tails over Texas -- shower with a Charlotte's web steam. The -- snapped on Simpson's indulge in southern favorites fried chicken backing cheese and her favorite dessert -- -- us among ", "was so Jessica is definitely want an eighteen. So sizable what do you picturing what what kind of relaxed I loved  Charlotte ' s web . And that's pretty much all I had to hear. In order to kind of bring in all the characters. And kind of do would ", "what do you picturing what what kind of relaxed -- I loved Charlotte's web . And that's pretty much all I had to hear. In order to kind of bring in all the characters. And kind of ", "been part of the third family since he was seven weeks a pot bellied pig named Wilbur for the character in the book  Charlotte ' s web . that worth fighting for even fighting a homeowners association. And even if its members he would get very upset ", "-- pot bellied pig named Wilbur for the character in the book Charlotte's web . -- that worth fighting for even fighting a homeowners association. And even if its members -- -- he would get very upset ", "heavy on the classic works third should be able to get  Charlotte ' s web  and read it out loud. High school the grapes of wrath grade students everywhere else may know the ending to  Charlotte ' s web  check incessantly into the The idea here is to set ", "heavy on the classic works third -- should be able to get Charlotte's web and read it out loud. High school -- -- the grapes of wrath and Lincoln's second inaugural address the White House is ", "by the fourth grade students everywhere else may know the ending to Charlotte's web check incessantly into the -- The idea here is to set standards and raise the bar with so striking. Is the broad ", "heavy on classic works third should be able to get  Charlotte ' s web  and read it out loud. High school sophomore is the grade students everywhere else may know the ending to  Charlotte ' s web  Consistently political The idea here is to set standards ", "required heavy on classic works third -- should be able to get Charlotte's web and read it out loud. High school sophomore is the grapes of wrath and Lincoln's second inaugural address. The White House is ", "by the fourth grade students everywhere else may know the ending to Charlotte's web -- Consistently political -- The idea here is to set standards and raised the bar -- so striking. Is the broad level ", "heavy on classic works third should be able to get  Charlotte ' s web  and read it out loud. High school sophomore is the grade students everywhere else may know the ending to  Charlotte ' s web  consistently into the The idea here is to set standards ", "required heavy on classic works third -- should be able to get Charlotte's web and read it out loud. High school sophomore is the grapes of wrath and Lincoln's second inaugural address. The White House is ", "by the fourth grade students everywhere else may know the ending to Charlotte's web -- consistently into the -- The idea here is to set standards and raise the bar -- so striking. Is the broad ", "is he loved the movies and was as excited when he found a good one. You as we were when he sent as to what I loved  Charlotte ' s web  some movie. From big knew how to write with and poignant. He learned he had cancer just before the birth of the ", "You as we were when he sent as to what I loved Charlotte's web some movie. From big -- knew how to write with -- and poignant. He learned he had cancer just before the birth ", "million dollars worth of tickets. The fantasy debuted in second place taking it and almost 23 and a half million  Charlotte ' s web  was a distant third earning. Twelve million. In just a moment we'll check in with Dan Harris with the rest of ", "in second place taking it and almost 23 and a half million Charlotte's web was a distant third earning. Twelve million. In just a moment we'll check in with Dan Harris with the rest of today's ", "Could be the year's best lead director Marty Scorsese's never won an Oscar Acosta academy. It's time. I loved  Charlotte ' s web  some movie from some tears. But that they another high tech air cast talk about tears united 93 shot documentary ", "Marty Scorsese's never won an Oscar Acosta academy. It's time. I loved Charlotte's web some movie from -- some tears. But -- that they -- another high tech air cast talk about tears united 93 shot "]