['"  Wheel of Fortune  " has been a fixture Pat Sajack and  Vanna White . Whether you\'re show was not " Wheel of Fortune ." It was called flippers." 3.  Vanna White  has worn more than the board that  Vanna White  controls is a high-tech ', 'introduced the first molded plastic tackle box in 1952. After "People" magazine included a photo of " Wheel of Fortune \'s"  Vanna White  using a plastic tackle box to store her make-up, Plano Molding Company soon created its first Caboodle ', 'Pat Sajak . Credit: David Getty Images.  Pat Sajak  needs to buy a on ESPN2, the " Wheel of Fortune " host claimed that years ago, he and  Vanna White  used to have 6, Sajak and " Wheel of Fortune " will host a Military ', 'Pat Sajak  hasn\'t always been the sober host seen nightly on " Wheel of Fortune ." Sajak, who has been hosting the game show after tossing back a few margaritas with sidekick  Vanna White . "When I first started and was much younger ', 'It\'s poking fun at the memoir and why we actually care." He pointed to comic actor Richard Kind\'s reading of  Vanna White \'s autobiography, "Vanna Speaks." "It\'s Richard Kind interpreting her words like he\'s doing \'Hamlet ', 'Last year, 94-year-old Percy Swanson got to meet the woman he\'d had a crush on since 1982 -- " Wheel of Fortune \'s"  Vanna White . A faithful "Wheel" watcher, Swanson got some facetime with the show\'s most famous personality during ', 'included the cast and crew of television\'s " Wheel of Fortune ." The game show usually tapes in Hollywood for the taping of 15 special episodes. Hosts  Pat Sajak  and  Vanna White  flew out Saturday, and the rest of the staff ', 'included the cast and crew of television\'s " Wheel of Fortune ." The game show usually tapes in Hollywood for the taping of 15 special episodes. Hosts  Pat Sajak  and  Vanna White  flew out Saturday, and the rest of the staff ', 'the worst day of their lives. "She stood at the base of this industrial bicycle rack and she did what we called her  Vanna White  pose ... \'Ta Da, look at the beautiful rainbow\' ... and actually it was a double rainbow," Lulu\'s father ', 'scenes. When merv griffin first created it, " wheel of fortune " was called shopper\'s bizarre. Chuck woolery in 1982. And the rest is tv history. " Wheel of fortune ."  Pat sajak  and  vanna white . Reporter: They are america\'s first family ', 'treat to be behind the scenes. When merv griffin first created it, " wheel of fortune " was called shopper\'s bizarre. Chuck woolery and susan stafford. Pat in 1981. Vanna, in 1982. And the rest is tv history. " Wheel of fortune ." Pat sajak and vanna white . Reporter: They are america\'s first family of the alphabet. I\'m so excited to be in the new york version of "the wheel." ', 'his early days and  wheel of fortune . In an interview with and liquid lunches  Vanna White . Turns a piece of third in Hollywood  wheel of fortune  host pat made a shocking have you ever done  wheel of fortune  a little bit drunk ', "waves this morning -- those new revelations about his early days and wheel of fortune . In an interview with our sister network ESPN's agent had some fun talking about his long -- and liquid lunches -- Vanna White . Turns a piece of tape some shows after more than a few margaritas. And ABC's David Wright has the details. Who is Mexican spirit three consonants or valves. Now causing quite this third in Hollywood wheel of fortune host pat -- -- -- made a shocking revelation. -- -- When -- behind the wheel. Of the most popular syndicated game show on television. -- police sobriety is optional have you ever done wheel of fortune a little bit drunk. Yes about it TV and -- cute pat say Jack confessing to ESPN. Headed. The -- looks Archos ", 'you, george. The million-dollar winner. On " wheel of fortune ." Her name, autumn. She beat the odds to win the mind. Just a letter will appear? You and I will be  vanna white . This is a phrase. No wild cards. Can I get a ', 'of the wheel with lara. Thank you, george. The million-dollar winner. On " wheel of fortune ." Her name, autumn. She beat the odds to win the million dollars. Let\'s look at the life-changing moment. This looks challenging. Thing ', 'story is not involved blood. Does involve the  wheel of fortune  right just when involves pat say Jack and  Vanna White  be longtime team of  wheel of fortune  Jack tells our colleague that he ESPN two ', "don't worry this story is not involved -- blood. Does involve the wheel of fortune right -- just when involves pat say Jack and Vanna White be longtime team of wheel of fortune -- Jack tells our colleague that he ESPN two that in the show's early days. Heat and light years since without between ", 'a deadly plane to Manila yeah. So here we here we are filling in blanks and I am going to playing the part of lovely  Vanna White  not and other. And that the had in fact the. Yeah. OK so Khmer. Some out of Egypt Yemen as the Hurricane Katrina ', 'blanks and I am going to playing the part of -- lovely Vanna White not and other. And that the had in fact the. Yeah. OK so Khmer. Some -- out of Egypt Yemen as the ', 'goodmorningamerica.Com for all of the promo codes and links you need to get the bargains. And we begin. We have our own  vanna white  over here to do the deed. Canvas top. This is a new design they\'re debuting for "good morning america." You can ', 'need to get the bargains. And we begin. We have our own vanna white over here to do the deed. Canvas top. This is a new design they\'re debuting for "good morning america." You can take ', 'and katiecouric.Com. It must be exciting to create something brand new? It really was. By the way, I feel like  vanna white , george. It was really exciting. We put a staff together. We got to build the set. Even more importantly, we got ', 'something brand new? It really was. By the way, I feel like vanna white , george. It was really exciting. We put a staff together. We got to build the set. Even more importantly, we got to ']