['Secondly, always remember that no matter what you are, God created you that way for a reason. Third, just remember my favorite  Dr .  Seuss  quote, "Those who mind don\'t matter, and those who matter don\'t mind." You mentioned your girlfriend, tell me about ', 'foundation, i.am.angel . In the lawsuit filed Monday, Williams claimed that will.i.am has been using the words in a  Dr .  Seuss -inspired way, as in, "Sam I am; I am Sam; I am Sam; Sam I am." "In contrast, the \'I AM OTHER\' mark means \'I ', 'thousands of graduates will likely hear that Emerson nugget "Hitch your wagon to a star." Others will doubtless hear the  Dr .  Seuss  classic, "Be who you are and say what you feel, because those who mind don\'t matter and those who matter don\'t mind ', 'of California\'s library geometrical building was renamed the Geisel Library - in honor of Audrey and  Theodor Geisel  (known as  Dr .  Seuss ) in 1995. The university\'s art library is housed in the Geisel building and includes "more than half-a-million ', "as Google's site points out, the Doodles often honor well-known and not-so-well-known historical figures, from  Dr .  Seuss  to Frank Zamboni, creator of the ice rink resurfacing machine. Still, that hasn't kept people on Twitter from threatening ", 'Most Wanted" Adam Sandler, "Hotel Transylvania" Ben Stiller, "Madagascar 3: Europe\'s Most Wanted" Taylor Swift, " The Lorax " Favorite Male Buttkicker Robert Downey Jr., "Marvel\'s The Avengers" Andrew Garfield, "The Amazing Spider-Man ', "Dr . Seuss : Read Across America Celebrates 'The Cat in the Hat' Author's Birthday", 'tribute to  Dr .  Seuss , who would 109 today.  Dr .  Seuss , whose real including " The Cat in the Hat ," " Green Eggs and Ham " and " How The Grinch Stole Christmas ." He died PHOTOS:  Dr .  Seuss -Like Homes ', 'for a beer) might mesmerize you," Woodard said. However, during the high-energy Super Bowl "it was like showing a  Dr .  Seuss  short before a horror film, entirely out of place. "Even placed within context, while it can be argued the song sets a ', 'old-fashioned." When asked about the state of the children\'s book industry, instead of pining for the good old days of " The Cat in the Hat ," Parish said, "I think children\'s books are just getting better and better, especially with the young adults ', 'to Dergarabedian. "Starting with \'The Hunger Games\' and \' Dr .  Seuss \'  The Lorax \' in March, the box office has been on a roll," Dergarabedian Ted" 9. "Madagascar 3: Europe\'s Most Wanted" 10. " Dr .  Seuss \'  The Lorax "', 'as the devious, anti-holiday spirited character created by  Dr .  Seuss . He said he got the idea when, in 2000, he saw the film version of " How the Grinch Stole Christmas ," starring Jim Carrey. Caputo has worn the Grinch costume nearly ', 'said. On the lock screen of every tablet Amazon\'s Special Offers appear, which are a series of ads for new movies like " The Lorax " or discounts in the Amazon store. On the home screen too, when you hover over a book or magazine in your collection, Amazon ', 'for "Eyes Open," choice country song for "Sparks Fly" and choice movie voice for her work as Audrey in "Dr. Suess\'  The Lorax ." Swift\'s five wins Sunday gives her a total of 20 Teen Choice Awards. The broadcast featured performances by Justin Bieber ', "A look at the classic  Dr .  Seuss  children's book on its fiftieth anniversary.", 'To try I just tried  Green eggs and ham  seen here and in 1973. Cartoon I do not  Green eggs and ham . This is classic his editor. Could  Dr .  Seuss  using just fifty words of famers I would  Green eggs and ham  I do not like them ', "and begging his unnamed put upon friend. To try I just tried Green eggs and ham seen here and in 1973. Cartoon I do not -- Green eggs and ham . This is classic published in 1960. Came from a -- between the author and his editor. Could Dr . Seuss using just fifty words -- an entertaining and intelligent children's book. You know word yes -- won the bet a dollar for each word. Since then it has become one of the best selling children's books of all time read by American presidents. What you're like -- -- -- And Miss America as I do not my thing here or there Heisman winners went up like -- anywhere and hall of famers I would -- Green eggs and ham I do not like them. And the book hit this site guys who Jesse Jackson's famous recitation on Saturday Night Live. How lobbying them in the Ray -- -- -- -- all of train. You can check out the food network's web site for Green eggs and ham recipes. -- -- hate -- turn into a kids' musical. Yeah yeah -- And a pop song that you think you can ", 'To try I just tried  Green eggs and ham  seen here and in 1973. Cartoon I do not  Green eggs and ham . This is classic his editor. Could  Dr .  Seuss  using just fifty words of famers I would  Green eggs and ham  I do not like them ', "and begging his unnamed put upon friend. To try I just tried Green eggs and ham seen here and in 1973. Cartoon I do not -- Green eggs and ham . This is classic published in 1960. Came from a -- between the author and his editor. Could Dr . Seuss using just fifty words -- an entertaining and intelligent children's book. You know word yes -- won the bet a dollar for each word. Since then it has become one of the best selling children's books of all time read by American presidents. What you're like -- -- -- And Miss America as I do not my thing here or there Heisman winners went up like -- anywhere and hall of famers I would -- Green eggs and ham I do not like them. And the book hit this site guys who Jesse Jackson's famous recitation on Saturday Night Live. How lobbying them in the Ray -- -- -- -- all of train. You can check out the food network's web site for Green eggs and ham recipes. -- -- hate -- turn into a kids' musical. Yeah yeah -- And a pop song that you think you can ", "happy birthday  Dr .  Seuss  and. Okay your favorite  Dr .  Seuss  book is  the cat in the hat  floor all you'll go  green eggs and ham  I don't What was  doctor seuss ' the real special.  The cat in the hat  knows a lot ", "I've already diagnoses. And water well. Dr. -- is real. What was doctor seuss' the real name nominee tell you that's what you guys think about. Middle name wasn't fat -- if you want perhaps to ", 'The First Lady and Secretary of Education read " Green Eggs and Ham " to children.', "a statement. With those socks I don't know we have video but it is a trademark the president there it is right sort of a  Dr .  Seuss  look to a this is this is the Sigmund. He's he's become known for this in his in his retirement in the post presidential ", "a trademark the president there it is right -- sort of a Dr . Seuss look to a this is -- this is the Sigmund. He's he's become known for this in his in his retirement in "]