['blockbuster film. Starring  Julia Roberts  with so much film who lived and wrote  Eat Pray Love  author  Elizabeth Gilbert . How great is it say. Being called  Julia Roberts  is A stretch but are all kinds of  Eat Pray Love  fans of the book ', 'search for everything across Italy India Indonesia now a blockbuster film. Starring Julia Roberts with so much film -- earlier this week. And now our chance to meet her doppler gang -- the woman who lived and wrote Eat Pray Love author Elizabeth Gilbert . How great is it to be this week he could have. When the police have to say. Being called Julia Roberts is -- -- A stretch but. But they cute but the movie did premiere in New York -- all kinds of stars ', "mega star  Julia Roberts  mega book  Eat Pray Love . The movie magic of the  Eat Pray Love  friend sharing to believe  Julia Roberts  first broke those fans of  Eat Pray Love . We'll to honor  Elizabeth Gilbert  with everything conversation  Julia Roberts  catch up ", "to this story and now she hopes -- all those fans of Eat Pray Love . We'll take this next step in the journey with her what do you want them to get from us. We tried to honor Elizabeth Gilbert with everything we did and -- the same time. Create something from our creative team. And make it different and new. And still be reverential to what her story was and it's. You know just for everyone -- have a great big me. And we will have a lot more of my conversation Julia Roberts catch up on her marriage and -- in coming up on Wednesday. And now you can go to abcnews.com slash GMA for ", 'selling book  Eat Pray Love . Where she few years  Elizabeth Gilbert  has become blockbuster  Eat Pray Love  when her into a movie  Julia Roberts  is Gilbert has kept  Eat Pray Love  on the New saw it as  Julia Roberts  popped mouth ', "Our next guest inspired millions -- -- best selling book Eat Pray Love . Where she wrote about losing the emotional baggage of her divorce while traveling around the world and her newest book hit shelves this week revealing more about the love -- -- -- -- -- And what she had due to keep it. We're gonna talk to was discovered in just a moment but first take a look at her amazing story. It. Just a few years Elizabeth Gilbert has become something of a cult -- to win an icon of independence. For 2006 blockbuster Eat Pray Love when her on Oprah twice I haven't been this excited since Bob I was here. Sold more than six million copies and is being made into a movie -- Julia Roberts -- is Gilbert. It's not quite the life she intended. Gilbert spent her twenties working in new York and got married at ", "moving her book  Eat Pray Love . On the best was sapping.  Elizabeth Gilbert  on the crisis between me and  Julia Roberts . Actually want pounds to play  Elizabeth Gilbert  quick Gilbert that I've To  Eat Pray Love  which is  Elizabeth", "the brink of a very big moment of moving -- her book Eat Pray Love . On the best seller list for forty years. It's the story of her own journey from despair to a new horizon and a travel map for every one lost in the middle of their lives. I was hiding in the bathroom for something with the 47 consecutive night and justice during all those nights before I was sapping. Elizabeth Gilbert on the crisis in her life no money no marriage. No door no way out. And as the readers off her book ", "it's not difficult for me to tell the difference between me and Julia Roberts . Actually want to -- favorite headlines through this whole thing. That I -- I was Julia Roberts to gain ten pounds to play Elizabeth Gilbert quick -- Gilbert yourself grew up on Christmas tree farm in Connecticut a childhood she describes as a prairie upbringing we had ", "the search you know points the final lessons that I've -- To Eat Pray Love which is Elizabeth Gilbert our person of the week. ", "moving her book  Eat Pray Love . On the best was sapping.  Elizabeth Gilbert  on the crisis between me and  Julia Roberts . Actually want pounds to play  Elizabeth Gilbert  quick Gilbert that I've To  Eat Pray Love  which is  Elizabeth", "the brink of a very big moment of moving -- her book Eat Pray Love . On the best seller list for forty years. It's the story of her own journey from despair to a new horizon and a travel map for every one lost in the middle of their lives. I was hiding in the bathroom for something with the 47 consecutive night and justice during all those nights before I was sapping. Elizabeth Gilbert on the crisis in her life no money no marriage. No door no way out. And as the readers off her book ", "it's not difficult for me to tell the difference between me and Julia Roberts . Actually want to -- favorite headlines through this whole thing. That I -- I was Julia Roberts to gain ten pounds to play Elizabeth Gilbert quick -- Gilbert yourself grew up on Christmas tree farm in Connecticut a childhood she describes as a prairie upbringing we had ", "the search you know -- the final lessons that I've -- To Eat Pray Love which is Elizabeth Gilbert our person of the week. And -- family note before we leave you for all of us together. Tomorrow it will be ", 'have heard  Eat Pray Love  it is everywhere right now  Julia Roberts  and for you areas or  Elizabeth Gilbert  does in the did my and  Eat Pray Love  trip between what about  Eat Pray Love  you read the kind of  Elizabeth Gilbert  her character ', "so much. Great to have you here. So you both have heard Eat Pray Love it is everywhere right now Julia Roberts and for you you as a hobby of art you're talking have a -- yes. That movie comes out. And -- it's it's in recent conversation about religious traditions in the sense that. Basically the book -- in a lot of different areas or Elizabeth Gilbert does in the book. And this critique about that -- some people say you know when you dabble so much everywhere you're nowhere. Where you can lessen your own religious traditions and I -- -- of view -- but picking your own ministries. And I'm wondering what you think about that do you think that. When you go to for a field. That it threatens where your rooted -- -- simply see it as enhancements is among them. Yeah I I would love to jump in on this I actually did my and Eat Pray Love trip between practicing long going to seminary a fortunately -- in north book which really -- sad but okay. But what I ", "meaning I think it. What people sought. You know the kind of Elizabeth Gilbert -- her character seeking all these different things. In our generation now it's actually. People going to bring that back into their ", "mega best seller  Eat Pray Love . That was called Hillary Clinton  Julia Roberts  who's playing  Elizabeth Gilbert  in an upcoming movies Gilbert's book  Eat Pray Love  about a spiritual grove who helped to  Eat Pray Love  become such a phenomenon ", "self help industry. Tonight Liz Gilbert author of the mega best seller Eat Pray Love . That was -- called the cult of Liz include Oprah I haven't been this excited since Bob I was here. Hillary Clinton Julia Roberts who's playing Elizabeth Gilbert in an upcoming movies. And of course the more than five million people mostly women -- but Gilbert's book Eat Pray Love about a spiritual journey that took her from a nasty divorce. To a spiritual awakening in India. But Gilbert now admits that ", "selling author of the  Eat Pray Love  in which He describes Hillary Clinton  Julia Roberts  who's playing  Elizabeth Gilbert  in an upcoming movies Gilbert's book  Eat Pray Love  about a spiritual lots of great lions  Eat Pray Love  about just using ", "Also -- is Gilbert he's the best selling author of the -- Eat Pray Love in which He describes city machine guns calm during meditation. -- -- question her why is she no longer -- It's a good thing called that folds of Liz include Oprah I haven't been this excited since Bob I was here. Hillary Clinton Julia Roberts who's playing Elizabeth Gilbert in an upcoming movies. And of course the more than five million people mostly women -- but Gilbert's book Eat Pray Love about a spiritual journey that took her from a nasty divorce. To a spiritual awakening in India. But Gilbert now admits that ", 'premiere of  Eat Pray Love  was held the movie  Julia Roberts  ran to Italy she read  Eat Pray Love  which is speak with  Elizabeth Gilbert  couple months like to see  Julia Roberts . Clinging chapter.  Eat Pray Love . Sleep ', "lot of fun. Roberts told me she was moved when she read Eat Pray Love which is also grateful that the author -- for the space to make the book her -- You know I speak with Elizabeth Gilbert couple months ago and -- -- -- what it was like to see Julia Roberts . Clinging -- said it was very very New Year's. To have you photo -- into her life but. How much -- did ", 'off her book  Eat Pray Love . On the best was sapping.  Elizabeth Gilbert  on the crisis between being  Julia Roberts . Actually favorite pounds to play  Elizabeth Gilbert  like just. Gilbert now because of  Eat Pray Love  so I can support ', "the brink of a very big moment -- -- off her book Eat Pray Love . On the best seller list for three years. It's the story of her own journey from despair to a new horizon and a travel map for everyone lost in the middle of their lives. I was hiding in the bathroom for something with the 47 consecutive night and justice during all those nights before I was sapping. Elizabeth Gilbert on the crisis in. Her life no money no marriage. No door no way out. And as the readers -- her -- ", "oh it's not difficult for me to tell the difference between being Julia Roberts . Actually -- -- -- favorite headlines through this whole thing. -- I was Julia Roberts to gain ten pounds to play Elizabeth Gilbert like just. Gilbert yourself grew up on -- Christmas tree farm in Connecticut a childhood she describes as a prairie upbringing we ", "the search you know that's the final -- that I've learned. To Eat Pray Love we -- Elizabeth Gilbert our person of the week. And the family -- before we leave you for all of us together. Tomorrow it will be ", 'And best seller that became a big hit movie  Eat Pray Love  about her trip around the world after her divorce now Departure for author  Elizabeth Gilbert  she is lovingly recreated. A great grandmother Margaret ', 'And best seller that became a big hit movie Eat Pray Love about her trip around the world after her divorce now -- Departure for author Elizabeth Gilbert she is lovingly recreated. A great grandmother Margaret garner leads potters -- block gets called at home on the range of the ', "talk more about that global phenomenon called  eat pray love  the movie starring  Julia Roberts  about one woman's journey of self discovery really everything you for having. trip that  Eat Pray Love  it opens tonight", "We're here to talk more about that global phenomenon called eat pray love the movie starring Julia Roberts about one woman's journey of self discovery from Italy to. India to Indonesia. And the man who set -- -- that journey ", "better realize it is a lucky I had to get the -- Julia Roberts . Was. Is that your first time I think it was my first time working with area I'd never even -- that we. ", "let's listen only women. Do anything but  Julia Roberts  returning you  Julia Roberts  is the that's I think it's amazing it's Clemens English. Wrapped up our coverage of  Eat Pray Love  world premiere red carpet does it feel New York ", "I can smell it. -- let's listen only women. Do anything but Julia Roberts returning you Julia Roberts is the that's -- -- I think it's amazing it's spectacular it's an honors -- our Julius -- national treasure eight. You ", "best seller and is now poised to be one of the summer's biggest blockbuster movies. We talking about  Eat Pray Love  it stars  Julia Roberts  has a woman's search of answers. A that takes her from Italy to India to Indonesia. A journey that ultimately ", "be one of the summer's biggest blockbuster movies. We -- talking about Eat Pray Love it stars Julia Roberts has a woman's search of answers. A -- that takes her from Italy to India to Indonesia. A journey that ultimately delivers ", "most anticipated movies  Eat Pray Love  is inspiring women everywhere discovery. But I'm  Julia roberts ' character after a Indonesia or Italy they  Eat Pray Love  this summer our next ahead and do let's  Julia Roberts  doesn't this you'll ", "Stephanie -- in New York. One of the summer's most anticipated movies Eat Pray Love is inspiring women everywhere to travel the world in -- quest for self discovery. But I'm Julia roberts' character after a break up most of us are limited by work and money and -- to dig up -- -- at -- So if you can't experience India Indonesia or Italy they Eat Pray Love -- this summer our next guest is here. Just your few items that will transport your mind and inspire you all the same joining us to explain is beauty expert Jennifer -- Jennifer welcome and thanks for being here. You -- neck trichet glad to be here instead in this film is really of course inspiring women to go on a journey of self discovery but you're here to tell us. If we can't get a way we can still -- do it. Exactly I don't know many people can go ahead and do let's Julia Roberts doesn't -- -- this you'll want to do in the comes into your home your own home why not do it and ", 'to get it for because and the boys alike and I think. Com on the complete opposite end of the spectrum I saw he payload  Julia Roberts  and basic premise here muscular nervous but knows the book is a hugely popular but she plays this woman who finds are somewhat ', 'on the complete opposite end of the spectrum I saw he payload Julia Roberts and basic premise here muscular nervous but knows the book is a hugely popular but she plays -- -- this woman who ', "women swooning all over the world. That voice. It was a crucial part of his appeal as the Sharma who  Julia Roberts  off her feet in  Eat Pray Love . And does the smoldering is really well with a group. Why and we'll click in Vicky Cristina Barcelona ", "was a crucial part of his appeal as the Sharma who -- Julia Roberts off her feet in Eat Pray Love . And does the smoldering -- is really well with a group. Why and we'll click -- in Vicky Cristina Barcelona. This time ", "be teaching. Next January. But first he'll be back in Hollywood starring this summer alongside  Julia Roberts  in the big budget film  Eat Pray Love . and then a smaller film this fall cling to beat poet Allen Ginsberg in howl role he's already ", "January. But first he'll be back in Hollywood starring this summer alongside Julia Roberts in the big budget film Eat Pray Love . -- and then a smaller film this fall cling to beat poet Allen Ginsberg in howl -- role he's already receiving critical "]