['Long before  Ernest Hemingway  first wrote a story, his mother was busy writing about him. Grace Hall Hemingway started a series of scrapbooks documenting the ', 'Long before  Ernest Hemingway  first wrote a story, his mother was busy writing about him. Grace Hall Hemingway started a series of scrapbooks documenting the ', 'ignoring gravity and drinking formaldehyde (Allegedly). Six Word Stories This challenge stems from the work author  Ernest Hemingway  considered his best: "For sale: baby shoes, never worn." Can a compelling story be told in six words? The ', 'includes letters and manuscripts from historical figures including George Washington, Dwight D. Eisenhower and  Ernest Hemingway . One of the letters already garnering buzz is a despair-filled letter on Hotel Bel-Air stationary from Marilyn ', 'thermonuclear bombs," he said. Hall, a native of Sweden who appeared in films such as "Wolf Larsen" and the  Ernest Hemingway  adaptation "The Gun Runners," says she never gave consent for Lionsgate to use her image. The lawsuit estimates ', 'college-age kids driving around Europe together in a used English cab they bought for $100 and named Baxter. Inspired by  Ernest Hemingway , they went running with the bulls in Pamplona. They drove around England, through France, along the Italian coast ', 'city with their two favorite things in hand - cigars and rum. Along the wall of Floridita - a bar made famous by  Ernest Hemingway  - this man displays his tattoo of Che Guevara, a prominent figure of the Cuban Revolution and a symbol of counterculture ', 'beginning to retire, our fiscal future is as dire as our fiscal present. Our situation brings to mind a character in an  Ernest Hemingway  novel who was asked, "How did you go bankrupt?" "Two ways," he answered, "gradually and then suddenly ', 'loners are going to be cat guys." But a quick look of famous pet-owners shows a lot of cat-loving macho men.  Ernest Hemingway  had a six-toed cat named Snowball. Winston Churchill\'s cat Jock was one of his favorite pets, often sitting ', "modern-day Hollywood screenwriter, Gil (Owen Wilson), who travels back to the Paris of the 1920s to mingle with  Ernest Hemingway  and F. Scott Fitzgerald, is Allen's biggest box office hit ever. Since opening last May, it's taken in more ", 'by Time and "too soft" by New York magazine and others. Midnight in Paris The feel-good film that resurrected  Ernest Hemingway  and Salvador Dali was Woody Allen\'s most successful box office gamble ever. It\'s made $158 million worldwide ', 'praised ever since his death as being "for all time." Great filmmakers Stanley Kubrick and John Ford, authors  Ernest Hemingway , William Faulkner, Mark Twain, Herman Melville and Edgar Allen Poe, artists Andrew Wyeth, Pablo Picasso and Vincent ', "a good ending to the stories apologized in order will do I will apologize on behalf  Ernest Hemingway . That's who's to blame here you have  Ernest Hemingway  called us and apologize to us to. What are you don't do it yourself didn't show ", "-- -- apologized in order will do I will apologize on behalf Ernest Hemingway . That's who's to blame here you have Ernest Hemingway called us and apologize to us to. What are you don't do it yourself didn't show -- really -- for -- after ", "apologize I'm apologized for this in order will do I will apologize about half  Ernest Hemingway . Because that's who's to blame here. You have  Ernest Hemingway  us and apologized to us to. Hi everybody I'm Peter Travers. Popcorn when we ", "apologized for this in order will do I will apologize about half Ernest Hemingway . Because that's who's to blame here. You have Ernest Hemingway -- us and apologized to us to. Hi everybody I'm Peter Travers. Popcorn when we tell you what's happening at the movies ", 'This is my big game rifle. It shoots really nicely. Reporter: With a wall of hunting trophies that would make  ernest hemingway  jealous. I live in denver and i traditionally vote for democrats and I plan to do so this year. Reporter: Or travis ', 'really nicely. Reporter: With a wall of hunting trophies that would make ernest hemingway jealous. I live in denver and i traditionally vote for democrats and I plan to do so this year. Reporter: Or travis, ', "can spend quality time with the greatest geniuses who have. There's no reason why we shouldn't go fishing with  Ernest Hemingway  take painting lessons from Michelangelo or or or or piano lessons from outside as long as those folks made it to ", "have. There's no reason why we shouldn't -- -- go fishing with Ernest Hemingway take painting lessons from Michelangelo or or or or piano lessons from outside as long as those folks made it to -- ", "quality time with the greatest geniuseswho ever lived. There's no reason why weshouldn't be able to go fishingwith  ernest hemingway  or take painting lessonsfrom michelangelo or--or--or--or piano lessonsfrom mozart, as long as those folksmade ", "ever lived. There's no reason why weshouldn't be able to go fishingwith ernest hemingway or take painting lessonsfrom michelangelo or--or--or--or piano lessonsfrom mozart, as long as those folksmade it to heaven. .. He will come. Oh, ", "what it's street she. Just how we found ourselves true warrior fitness. Pays he told. Neither office is exactly  Ernest Hemingway . I'm feeling like I'm ready protective. Noted that the and and I have yet. That's where it maybe it's ", "-- true warrior fitness. Pays -- he told. Neither office is exactly Ernest Hemingway . I'm feeling like I'm ready protective. Noted that the -- and and I have yet. That's where it maybe it's just because ", "extraordinary. Extraordinary life. When Chelsea if you watched the you of course trapped for this role actually visiting  Ernest Hemingway 's house in Cuba and trying on his boots. Martin de soleil on the personnel what I think once viva Cuba for a week ", "-- you of course -- trapped for this role -- actually visiting Ernest Hemingway's house in Cuba and trying on his boots. Martin de soleil -- -- on the personnel what I think -- once viva "]