['than 26 million followers. Sound vaguely familiar?  Julia Roberts  starred in the 2010 film based off the best-selling where she can "marvel at something." Perry is on an " Eat Pray Love " journey of her own, from mysterious mountains to ', 'provided the soundtrack for an Oscar winner\'s movie. Welch provided the soundtrack for " Eat Pray Love ," the 2010 film starring Oscar winner  Julia Roberts . The lyrics for "Dog Days Are Over" were said to perfectlyparallel the plot of the movie ', "ranked in the game's top 10. Another rising star:  Ryan Murphy , creator of cult hits Popular and Nip/Tuck. Murphy a successful film director: His 2010 adaptation of  Eat ,  Pray ,  Love  earned $205 million. The rest of our list includes ", 'the show being full of love and laughter." Catching  Julia Roberts  in action normally involves $7.50 and a bucket of popcorn. But Winfrey convinced the " Eat ,  Pray ,  Love " star to take her act to the small screen. Roberts ', 'split from his live-in girlfriend, a dancer in the American Ballet Theater.  Julia Roberts  While promoting her movie " Eat Pray Love " last summer,  Julia Roberts  revealed that she\'s chanted at a Hindu temple like her film character, Liz ', 'actress with a megawat smile (  Julia Roberts  ) to the controversial comedian playful and energetic style."  Julia Roberts  : Catching her in action normally But Winfrey convinced the " Eat ,  Pray ,  Love " star to take her act to the ', 'am doing my own version of " Eat ,  Pray ,  Love " this morning: I am eating around the world that would put  Elizabeth Gilbert \'s journey to shame. Unfortunately or India) to have your own " Eat ,  Pray ,  Love " experience. In fact, my noisy ', '"  Eat Pray Love  ,"  Elizabeth Gilbert  \'s memoir of her journey Gilbert -- played by  Julia Roberts  on-screen -- travels less dramatic -- " Eat Pray Love " experiences. Fresh straight hours of " Eat Pray Love " sales programming ', 'At 42,  Julia Roberts  seems to new movie " Eat Pray Love " opening and tired.  Julia Roberts  had that forehead in \' Eat Pray Love .\' Proud plays in " Eat Pray Love ," based memoir by  Elizabeth Gilbert , Roberts ', 'the much-anticipated  Julia Roberts \' movie " Eat Pray Love ," based on  Elizabeth Gilbert \'s best-selling memoir audacity to dream of  Julia Roberts  in it," Gilbert told and celebrities at " Eat Pray Love \'s" movie premiere ', 'copies of  Elizabeth Gilbert \'s bestselling memoir, " Eat Pray Love . " The message film starring  Julia Roberts , directed by  Ryan Murphy , of "Glee Health. " Eat Pray Love ," he said copies of " Eat Pray Love ," she knew ', "Oprah Winfrey's OWN Cast of Characters: Rosie O'Donnell, Gayle King, Julia Roberts  and More", 'actress with a megawat smile (  Julia Roberts  ) to the controversial comedian and energetic style." Catching  Julia Roberts  in action normally involves But Winfrey convinced the " Eat ,  Pray ,  Love " star to take her act to the ', "found turned  Elizabeth Gilbert  into a best other than  Julia Roberts  is set to her book  Eat Pray Love . Dan Harris her book  Eat Pray Love  I have been Notwithstanding thank  Julia Roberts  playing you version of  Eat Pray Love  starring  Julia Roberts  as  Elizabeth Gilbert 's opens ", "won't work. Top ten next week in the movie version of -- Eat Pray Love starring Julia Roberts as Elizabeth Gilbert's opens nationwide. Who finished this pizza. And then we're gonna go and watch soccer game. And tomorrow and -- looting. And fires out some. -- -- -- Her new book called committed picks up the story. That Brazilian guys you fell love with -- the end of Eat Pray Love to leave -- turns out they stayed together after meeting in Indonesia. But in 2007. -- -- day was coming to visit ", 'blockbuster film. Starring  Julia Roberts  with so much film who lived and wrote  Eat Pray Love  author  Elizabeth Gilbert . How great is it say. Being called  Julia Roberts  is A stretch but are all kinds of  Eat Pray Love  fans of the book ', 'search for everything across Italy India Indonesia now a blockbuster film. Starring Julia Roberts with so much film -- earlier this week. And now our chance to meet her doppler gang -- the woman who lived and wrote Eat Pray Love author Elizabeth Gilbert . How great is it to be this week he could have. When the police have to say. Being called Julia Roberts is -- -- A stretch but. But they cute but the movie did premiere in New York -- all kinds of stars ', "mega star  Julia Roberts  mega book  Eat Pray Love . The movie magic of the  Eat Pray Love  friend sharing to believe  Julia Roberts  first broke those fans of  Eat Pray Love . We'll to honor  Elizabeth Gilbert  with everything conversation  Julia Roberts  catch up ", "to this story and now she hopes -- all those fans of Eat Pray Love . We'll take this next step in the journey with her what do you want them to get from us. We tried to honor Elizabeth Gilbert with everything we did and -- the same time. Create something from our creative team. And make it different and new. And still be reverential to what her story was and it's. You know just for everyone -- have a great big me. And we will have a lot more of my conversation Julia Roberts catch up on her marriage and -- in coming up on Wednesday. And now you can go to abcnews.com slash GMA for ", 'selling book  Eat Pray Love . Where she few years  Elizabeth Gilbert  has become blockbuster  Eat Pray Love  when her into a movie  Julia Roberts  is Gilbert has kept  Eat Pray Love  on the New saw it as  Julia Roberts  popped mouth ', "Our next guest inspired millions -- -- best selling book Eat Pray Love . Where she wrote about losing the emotional baggage of her divorce while traveling around the world and her newest book hit shelves this week revealing more about the love -- -- -- -- -- And what she had due to keep it. We're gonna talk to was discovered in just a moment but first take a look at her amazing story. It. Just a few years Elizabeth Gilbert has become something of a cult -- to win an icon of independence. For 2006 blockbuster Eat Pray Love when her on Oprah twice I haven't been this excited since Bob I was here. Sold more than six million copies and is being made into a movie -- Julia Roberts -- is Gilbert. It's not quite the life she intended. Gilbert spent her twenties working in new York and got married at ", "moving her book  Eat Pray Love . On the best was sapping.  Elizabeth Gilbert  on the crisis between me and  Julia Roberts . Actually want pounds to play  Elizabeth Gilbert  quick Gilbert that I've To  Eat Pray Love  which is  Elizabeth", "the brink of a very big moment of moving -- her book Eat Pray Love . On the best seller list for forty years. It's the story of her own journey from despair to a new horizon and a travel map for every one lost in the middle of their lives. I was hiding in the bathroom for something with the 47 consecutive night and justice during all those nights before I was sapping. Elizabeth Gilbert on the crisis in her life no money no marriage. No door no way out. And as the readers off her book ", "it's not difficult for me to tell the difference between me and Julia Roberts . Actually want to -- favorite headlines through this whole thing. That I -- I was Julia Roberts to gain ten pounds to play Elizabeth Gilbert quick -- Gilbert yourself grew up on Christmas tree farm in Connecticut a childhood she describes as a prairie upbringing we had ", "the search you know points the final lessons that I've -- To Eat Pray Love which is Elizabeth Gilbert our person of the week. ", "moving her book  Eat Pray Love . On the best was sapping.  Elizabeth Gilbert  on the crisis between me and  Julia Roberts . Actually want pounds to play  Elizabeth Gilbert  quick Gilbert that I've To  Eat Pray Love  which is  Elizabeth", "the brink of a very big moment of moving -- her book Eat Pray Love . On the best seller list for forty years. It's the story of her own journey from despair to a new horizon and a travel map for every one lost in the middle of their lives. I was hiding in the bathroom for something with the 47 consecutive night and justice during all those nights before I was sapping. Elizabeth Gilbert on the crisis in her life no money no marriage. No door no way out. And as the readers off her book ", "it's not difficult for me to tell the difference between me and Julia Roberts . Actually want to -- favorite headlines through this whole thing. That I -- I was Julia Roberts to gain ten pounds to play Elizabeth Gilbert quick -- Gilbert yourself grew up on Christmas tree farm in Connecticut a childhood she describes as a prairie upbringing we had ", "the search you know -- the final lessons that I've -- To Eat Pray Love which is Elizabeth Gilbert our person of the week. And -- family note before we leave you for all of us together. Tomorrow it will be ", 'have heard  Eat Pray Love  it is everywhere right now  Julia Roberts  and for you areas or  Elizabeth Gilbert  does in the did my and  Eat Pray Love  trip between what about  Eat Pray Love  you read the kind of  Elizabeth Gilbert  her character ', "so much. Great to have you here. So you both have heard Eat Pray Love it is everywhere right now Julia Roberts and for you you as a hobby of art you're talking have a -- yes. That movie comes out. And -- it's it's in recent conversation about religious traditions in the sense that. Basically the book -- in a lot of different areas or Elizabeth Gilbert does in the book. And this critique about that -- some people say you know when you dabble so much everywhere you're nowhere. Where you can lessen your own religious traditions and I -- -- of view -- but picking your own ministries. And I'm wondering what you think about that do you think that. When you go to for a field. That it threatens where your rooted -- -- simply see it as enhancements is among them. Yeah I I would love to jump in on this I actually did my and Eat Pray Love trip between practicing long going to seminary a fortunately -- in north book which really -- sad but okay. But what I ", "meaning I think it. What people sought. You know the kind of Elizabeth Gilbert -- her character seeking all these different things. In our generation now it's actually. People going to bring that back into their "]