["The kidnapping came during an attack at one of the world's largest refugee camps", '(CNN) -- Two aid workers for Medecins Sans Frontieres, also known as Doctors Without Borders, have been released from captivity in Kenya, the organization said Thursday.', 'Montserrat Serra and Blanca Thiebaut are safe and healthy, the group said in a written statement, adding that it is working to return the two Spanish women to their homes.', "They were abducted from the Dadaab refugee camp in Kenya -- one of the world's largest refugee complexes -- on October 13, 2011. Their driver was shot in the neck and taken to a hospital in stable condition.", 'At the time of their kidnapping, Serrat, of Girona, was 40, and Thiebaut, of Madrid, was 30, the group said.', 'As a result of the attack in which they were abducted, the MSF had to stop some crucial medical activities, the group said at the time.', 'This South Korean couple has spent many of the past 60 years believing the other was dead. In fact, he was held prisoner by the North. ', 'The world finally knows how to address the latest addition to the British royal family: HRH Prince George Alexander Louis of Cambridge.', 'Captured on tape: A train derailed and snapped in two as it hurtled around a curve in Spain, killing 80 people.', 'Sinkholes are devouring 20 million square meters of land on the northern Chinese plain, destroying homes and displacing families. ', 'Posters offering a reward for information about Nazis still living in Germany have been put up in three cities. ', "CNN's Ivan Watson is given rare access to the opening of a cemetery for war veterans in North Korea's capital. ", 'From laptops to cars, the products you take for granted are made using African minerals.', '"He\'s got her looks, thankfully," said Prince William. Check out the first photos of the long-awaited royal baby. ', 'George H.W. Bush shaves his head to support a two-year-old with leukemia whose father is part of the Secret Service.', "They've long been considered topics that aren't polite to discuss at the dinner table. And as it turns out, they're touchy on Wikipedia as well. "]