['ringing. "What a world of merriment their melody foretells," she says, quoting a line from the first stanza of  Edgar Allan Poe \'s "The Bells." She just wishes they\'d foretell their merriment someplace else.', 'end of the show, the 22-year-old actress has appeared on "The Secret Life of the American Teenager" and the  Edgar Allan Poe  fantasy film "Fading of the Cries." She\'s an activist for the Cystic Fibrosis Foundation in memory of her stepsister ', 'Edgar Allan Poe \'s Birthday Famed gothic writer  Edgar Allan Poe  was born on Jan. 19, 1809, in Boston Murders in the Rue Morgue." Writer  Edgar Allan Poe  was born on Jan. 19, 1809. He died ', 'Just 160 years after he died ,  Edgar Allan Poe  is finally getting a funeral befitting have lived on. "When we say  Edgar Allan Poe  , \'The Tell-Tale Heart Museum created an exhibit called " Edgar Allan Poe : A Baltimore Icon." Works by ', 'problem of saying the wrong thing has been written about by luminaries such as Charles Darwin, Sigmund Freud and  Edgar Allan Poe , who called it the "imp of the perverse." And the problem isn\'t just with speech; it afflicts athletes, too ', "the eve of the bicentennial of  Edgar Allan Poe 's birth, multiple cities are says Jeff Jerome, curator of the  Edgar Allan Poe  House and Museum in Baltimore And in the Bronx, N.Y., the  Edgar Allan Poe  Cottage, where the author wrote ", "James A. Michener Art Museum, Sept. 12-Nov. 29.  Edgar Allan Poe : His Life and Work debuts at Philly's  Edgar Allan Poe  National Historical Site Jan. 17. This year marks ", 'Corporation dared Baltimore to a "Poe down" to see who can out-promote who over the upcoming 200th birthday of author  Edgar Allan Poe  . "We try to be transparent with Twitter," Caroline Bean, national media relations for Philadelphia Tourism ', 'life, and he began filming Super 8 movies around the house. His famous father starred in his amateur production of  Edgar Allan Poe \'s "The Tell-Tale Heart," in which he was chopped up and buried alive. Stiller\'s interest in film certainly ', 'helped along their young son\'s directing ambitions by giving him a Super 8 camera. The first movie he shot was  Edgar Allan Poe \'s "The Tell-Tale Heart." "My dad was the man with the evil eye and who gets chopped up in the bathtub ', 'clench a pencil in your teeth, and you will force your face into a smile, which subtly evokes a positive feeling.  Edgar Allan Poe  had an intuitive grasp of this principle. He wrote: "When I wish to find out how good or how wicked anyone is, or ', "All right you have just seen a scene of the raid in which John please at ground in mysterious. Ways. But we'll find out because John he said. Is right here. Welcome That particularly I think anything that you know it completely screws anything we do it doesn't not. I think you can shake your title"]