['Vice President Biden on Wednesday thanked 900 troops based at Ft. Bragg, N.C., for setting Iraq on a different course."On behalf of a grateful nation, we thank you. ...', "WASHINGTON -- President-elect Barack Obama's Cabinet choices have sent a ripple through state politics, fostering behind-the-scenes jockeying to fill key vacancies i...", 'WILMINGTON, Del. -- Gov. Ruth Ann Minner has named a longtime aide to Sen. Joe Biden to fill the U.S. Senate seat Biden will be vacating for the vice presidency.At a...', "DOVER, Delaware -- The son of Vice President-elect Joe Biden says he plans to fulfill his military duties and won't accept an appointment to his father's U.S. Senate...", "Iraq welcomes Vice President Biden's encouraging words about America's commitment to Iraq, but government spokesman Ali al-Dabbagh said Saturday that political recon...", 'Ted Kaufman , a Delaware Democrat who for decades has been a political adviser to Sen. Joe Biden , D-Del., was sworn in Friday to fill the Senate seat Biden relinqui...', "A New Kennedy Legacy? Vicki Kennedy Wouldn't Be First Pol's Spouse to Inherit a Seat", 'With Caroline Kennedy no longer making headlines, political insiders are buzzing about another Kennedy clanswoman -- Victoria Reggie Kennedy, wife of ailing Sen. Ted...', 'Five Democratic presidential hopefuls dined on barbecue Saturday and delivered their stump speeches to about 1,800 party faithful packed into a swine barn at the Joh...', 'Lynchburg, Va. - Vice President Joe Biden fumbled the name of Virginia senatorial candidate, former governor, former DNC chair, and close Obama friend, Tim Kaine , d...', 'With the congressional GOP poised for a comeback in the 2010 midterm elections, Democrats are dusting off an old playbook, using George W. Bush as their boogeyman an...', 'Republicans pointed to Delaware Attorney General Beau Biden\'s decision not to seek his father\'s former U.S. Senate seat Monday as a "major recruiting setback" for De...', "Vice President Biden's office is pushing back on a report that claims the former Delaware senator urged a columnist in his home state to try to convince his son Beau...", 'Senate Democrats, seeking to breathe new life into their 2010 electoral prospects after their shocking loss in Massachusetts last week, are unveiling a new war strat...']