['Poetry and the American Voice " symposium at the White House, inviting prominent poets to celebrate the works of  Emily Dickinson , Langston Hughes and Walt Whitman. Several of the invitees -- including former U.S. poet laureates Rita Dove ', 'Johnston She weaves in references to literature (Alexis de Toqueville\'s "Democracy in America," the poems of  Emily Dickinson ), film ("The Forty Year Old Virgin" and "Saving Private Ryan") and political figures she admires (she quotes ', 'manuscript, which his literary executor published as " Juneteenth " in 1999. Ernest Hemingway , F. Scott Fitzgerald ,  Emily Dickinson  and Jack Kerouac all had work published from the grave. As far back as Virgil , authors have left strict instructions ', 'James McMullan\'s watercolor paintings add color to the volume of 150 works. Find classics and new favorites from  Emily Dickinson , Robert Frost, Shel Silverstein, Rodgers & Hammerstein and others. "Julie Andrews\' Collection of Poems, Songs ', 'and fight -- fight for your voice and power of choice. I will continue to fight for you. There\'s a saying by  Emily Dickinson  that says, \'Opinion is a flitting thing, but truth outlasts the sun.\'" Wall testified that Jeffs used his power ', 'inspired by one of my favorite poems, a meditation on the mind by the celebrated nineteenth-century American poet  Emily Dickinson . Every schoolchild should learn these verses: The brain is wider than the sky, For, put them side by side, The ', 'like Raid Gaza! as effective as something like this (from satirist Ted Rall)? It\'s not for me. How about you?  Emily Dickinson  wrote "Tell all the Truth but tell it slant / Success in Circuit lies." Raid Gaza!\'s version of the Truth is ', "affiliated Sweetbay stores in Florida, Eleazer said. The finding was revealed in a letter from Hannaford general counsel  Emily Dickinson  to Massachusetts Attorney General Martha Coakley and Gov. Deval Patrick's Office of Consumer Affairs and Business ", "newer models. Toward the end of Nellie's life with us, she suffered from post-ignition syndrome or PIS, as  Emily Dickinson  called it. That meant you would turn off the ignition, and poor Nellie would sputter and spew for a few minutes ", 'real difference between Shakespeare and Dylan, between Milton and Bruce Springsteen, between Tennyson and Eminem or  Emily Dickinson  and Christina Aguilera? The question of whether there can be any blurring of the line between popular and serious ', "Cain, Ray Bradbury, Robert Heinlein, Theodore Sturgeon, Herman Wouk, Carson McCullers, Flannery O'Conner,  Emily Dickinson . Question: Do you plan out your novels, such as with an outline, or do you just start writing and see where things ", 'House this past Wednesday to honor Walt Whitman,  Emily Dickinson  and Langston Hughes. But when she learned that some including The New York Trilogy and Timbuktu. " Emily Dickinson  was a protest poet," said Genine Lentine, a student ', 'are expected to fetch up to $160,000. "Jumping jack flash" is said to show the delicateness of poetry, like  emily dickinson . Jagger\'s relationship with hunt, who was african-american, was kept under wraps until 1972. They produced ', '"Jumping jack flash" is said to show the delicateness of poetry, like emily dickinson . Jagger\'s relationship with hunt, who was african-american, was kept under wraps until 1972. They produced a daughter named kariss. Hunt says, someone ', "everybody thank you and thank you for joining us seven online dot com. What special don't forget you can get more information. On these recipes and on the cookbook on our website seven online dot com I'm  Emily Dickinson  out of the", "and on the cookbook on our website seven online dot com I'm Emily Dickinson out of the -- ", "I'd love to quote that I tackled again this morning her favorite quote she always recites it by the way. It's  Emily Dickinson  hope is the thing with others that purchased in the and sings the song without the words. Yeah what would favor a ", "morning her favorite quote she always recites it by the way. It's Emily Dickinson hope is the thing with others that purchased in the -- and sings the song without the words. Yeah what would favor ", "inspiration to others to speak out as well. I have followed my heart and I've spoken the truth there's saying by  Emily Dickinson  says. Opinion as letting thing. But outlasts the signs. Now that they were no safe place away from the compound ", "followed my heart and I've spoken the truth there's -- saying by Emily Dickinson says. Opinion as -- letting thing. But -- outlasts the signs. Now that they were no safe place away from the compound. ", "information about his life he sort of changes his birth to aid and that the and it here Everett That's right this  Emily Dickinson . Well known recluse actually she spent most of her life in seclusion at her contact with the outside world was through ", "and that the and it -- here Everett -- That's right this Emily Dickinson . Well known recluse actually she spent most of her life in seclusion at her contact with the outside world was through. Beautiful ", "only as Jane doe number four in the trial of Warren speaking as herself for the first time. There's a saying by  Emily Dickinson  says. Opinion isn't letting fame but shrink the site. It was heard testimony that helped convict Jeffs the self ", "-- speaking as herself for the first time. There's a saying by Emily Dickinson says. Opinion isn't letting fame but shrink -- the site. It was heard testimony that helped convict Jeffs the self proclaimed prophet "]