["By Jonathan StempelNEW YORK (Reuters) - The FDIC and more than three dozen other investors on Monday lodged objections to Bank of America Corp's $8.5 billion settlem...", "By Andrew LongstrethNEW YORK (Reuters) - A day after New York's attorney general called Bank of America Corp's <BAC.N> $8.5 billion mortgage-backed securities settle...", "Vice President Joe Biden's daughter Ashley married a Pennsylvania doctor at a ceremony in Delaware, the vice president's office announced late Saturday.A news releas...", "Vice President Biden's office is pushing back on a report that claims the former Delaware senator urged a columnist in his home state to try to convince his son Beau...", "WILMINGTON, Del. -- Delaware Republican congressman Michael Castle is announcing that he's running for the U.S. Senate seat vacated by Democrat Joe Biden last year a...", "The race to replace Barack Obama as Illinois' junior senator heated up Tuesday as Rep. Bobby Rush, D-Ill., called on Gov. Rod Blagojevich to name a black man or woma...", 'This is a rush transcript from "On the Record," January 25, 2010. This copy may not be in its final form and may be updated.GRETA VAN SUSTEREN: Are the Democrats in ...', 'Dating back almost a decade, there were complaints and investigations involving Dr. Earl Bradley, a well-known Delaware pediatrician who authorities say may have mol...', "A federal defense consultant whose body was found in a Delaware landfill was assaulted and died of blunt force trauma, the state medical examiner's office said Frida...", 'Democrats may have been too confident about a win in the Massachusetts Senate race', "Vice President Joe Biden's son left the hospital Tuesday, a week after suffering what doctors said was a mild stroke.Delaware Attorney General Beau Biden , 41, walke...", "An attorney for Christine O'Donnell, the tea party favorite who lost a U.S. Senate bid in Delaware last year, is asking federal prosecutors to investigate the head o...", 'WILMINGTON, Del. -- In the turbulent year of the tea party , Republican Rep. Mike Castle of Delaware set out to jangle no nerves as he ran for a Senate seat long hel...', "An attorney for Christine O'Donnell, the tea party favorite who lost a U.S. Senate bid in Delaware last year, is asking federal prosecutors to investigate the head o...", "Col. Ollie North addresses whether the military handles candidates' kids differently"]