["A series of spills from ruptured pipelines operated by Chevron Corp. has Utah's governor calling for more oversight.Gov. Gary Herbert left no doubt about his displea...", 'A man who pleaded guilty to lobbing a homemade bomb at his girlfriend said he was actually aiming for a beaver dam . In the end, he was the only person injured, and ...', 'The Bureau of Land Management says a fossil found by employees on federal land represents the earliest record of living beavers in North America.The pair of teeth wa...', 'Pennsylvania game wardens remained stumped Sunday about a spate of "truly bizarre" rabid beaver attacks in and around Philadelphia.Three people were bitten by a beav...', "What's your favorite part of the zoo? The monkeys? The elephants? The four Australian men living in a glass box in a mall?Thanks to the Urban Dream Capsule , the lat...", 'LANGLEY, Ark. -- Crews got to work Sunday looking for bodies in the many piles of debris that collected after a flash flood swept through a popular campground, as po...', 'Pastor consoles anguished relatives of those missing after Ark. flash floods kill at least 18', "Destructive rodents known as 'nutria' detected in Delaware, government officials say", 'The U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service is urging the public to report any sightings of destructive semi-aquatic rodents known as "nutria," which government officials say...', 'A Beaver Dam Middle School teacher is on administrative leave after school officials discovered a photo of her with a gun on Facebook.In the photo, Betsy Ramsdale wa...', 'A Boy Scout leader from New York who was attacked by a rabid beaver while swimming in the Delaware River is recovering.The Poughkeepsie Journal reports that 51-year-...', "Canadian beavers built the world's longest dam -- so big it can be seen from space, The Sun reported Tuesday.The incredible woodland construction is a staggering 2,7...", 'Beavers  attack people in Belarus, fisherman dies of bite wounds after trying to pose for photo', 'The fisherman wanted his photo shot with a beaver. The beaver had other ideas: It attacked the 60-year-old man with razor-sharp teeth, slicing an artery and causing ...', 'The fisherman wanted his photo shot with a beaver. The beaver had other ideas: It attacked the 60-year-old man with razor-sharp teeth, slicing an artery and causing ...', '6 beavers  at Willard Bay help contain fuel spill, make progress at rehabilitation center', 'Talk about unlikely heroes.A group of at least six beavers at a Utah bird refuge have emerged as key players in helping contain a fuel leak that left half of them wi...', 'Talk about unlikely heroes.A group of at least six beavers at a Utah bird refuge have emerged as key players in helping contain a fuel leak that left half of them wi...']