['initiative of Latin American cultural figures such as Argentine director Fernando Birri and Nobel-winning novelist  Gabriel Garcia Marquez , a Colombian. Since then 810 students have graduated. Funding comes from international agencies such as Ibermedia ', 'The explosion may have happened long ago, but its echoes are still being heard. Almost half a century separates the publication of The Time of the Hero by Mario Vargas Llosa in 1963 and the concession of the Nobel Prize in Literature to the Peruvian novelist two years ago, two benchmarks that could', "and the line between reality and imagination put him firmly in company with such writers of his generation as  Gabriel Garcia Marquez  and Alejo Carpentier, who brought international attention to the writing of Latin America, but Fuentes' voice ", "and the upcoming Disney Junior series Jake and the Never Land Pirates. Her three favorite books My No. 1 is  Gabriel Garcia Marquez 's One Hundred Years of Solitude. I read it for the first time when I was a college student and my professor ", 'Fidel had recovered and is "free" from the sick bed and clinic that was his home for months. Colombian novelist  Gabriel Garcia Marquez  said earlier this month that he had taken a long walk outdoors with Castro and pronounced him "the same old Fidel ', 'the Cosmos: Space, Time, and the Texture of Reality" by Brian Greene "One Hundred Years of Solitude" by  Gabriel Garcia Marquez  "Middlesex" by Jeffrey Eugenides "Undaunted Courage: Meriweather Lewis, Thomas Jefferson and the Opening ', 'the Cosmos: Space, Time, and the Texture of Reality" by Brian Greene "One Hundred Years of Solitude" by  Gabriel Garcia Marquez  "Middlesex" by Jeffrey Eugenides "Undaunted Courage: Meriweather Lewis, Thomas Jefferson and the Opening ', 'somewhat unsettling. "I was terrified!" he admits. Garcia, who is the son of Pulitzer Prize-winning novelist  Gabriel Garcia Marquez , has worked for 18 years as a cinematographer on such films as Four Rooms and Mi Vida Loca. The experience hasn\'t ', 'somewhat unsettling. "I was terrified!" he admits. Garcia, who is the son of Pulitzer Prize-winning novelist  Gabriel Garcia Marquez , has worked for 18 years as a cinematographer on such films as Four Rooms and Mi Vida Loca. The experience hasn\'t ', 'somewhat unsettling. "I was terrified!" he admits. Garcia, who is the son of Pulitzer Prize-winning novelist  Gabriel Garcia Marquez , has worked for 18 years as a cinematographer on such films as Four Rooms and Mi Vida Loca. The experience hasn\'t ', 'somewhat unsettling. "I was terrified!" he admits. Garcia, who is the son of Pulitzer Prize-winning novelist  Gabriel Garcia Marquez , has worked for 18 years as a cinematographer on such films as Four Rooms and Mi Vida Loca. The experience hasn\'t ']