["running for the Senate, singing folk songs up and down the campaign trail. Alan Rickman is his political shepherd. And  Gore Vidal , somehow, plays his opponent. (Note a young Jack Black cameo at the :52 mark of the trailer) 'Being There': Could ", 'enough that I succeed," the late  Gore Vidal  once noted. "Others must fail."  Vidal , who also famously admitted that standpoint (unless, of course, you\'re  Gore Vidal , in which case you probably knew ', 'correction that ran with the obituary for  Gore Vidal  in The New York Times may be the died on July 31 at 86. In 1968,  Gore Vidal , it seems, had savaged a prominent Times-style corrections suggest that  Gore Vidal  led a rich, florid and glorious ', 'our response. @jaketapper : RIP  Gore Vidal . I interviewed him 12 years ago www.salon.com/2000/09/20/ vidal _5/ ... Quite an experience One hopes it is the same half-> Gore Vidal  @jonward11 : my guess is the Romney ', 'freestyle. 5. Author  Gore Vidal  Dead at 86 American writer  Gore Vidal  has died.  Vidal  was best known for novels such as " Burr " and "Myra Breckenridge," his play " The Best Man " and voluminous articles ', 'Author and playwright  Gore Vidal , who unsuccessfully cause of death.  Vidal \'s nephew,  Burr  Steers, said he Associated Press.  Vidal  had been living Tony-nominated play " The Best Man ." " The City and the Pillar " was one of the ', 'play "Arthur Miller\'s Death of a Salesman" " Gore Vidal \'s  The Best Man " "Master Class" "Wit" Revival of a musical Miller\'s Death of a Salesman" James Earl Jones, " Gore Vidal \'s  The Best Man " Frank Langella, "Man and Boy" John Lithgow ', 'said. "I just don\'t care enough, and in a way it\'s saved me." Bergen is making her Broadway debut in " Gore Vidal \'s  The Best Man ." While she was nervous about doing theater - "I had no confidence in my memory," she said - she\'s now ', "Excerpt: 'Weather Matters: An American Cultural History Since 1900,' by Bernard Mergen", 'mental and spiritual towers where real and imaginary winds blow. Weather in the work of novelists--George R. Stewart,  Gore Vidal , Rick Moody, Jean Thompson, Clint McCown, Paul Quarrington--is the avatar of chance. Necessity, the laws of science ', 'Handler\'s My Horizontal Life and from such classics as  Gore Vidal \'s  The City and the Pillar  and James Baldwin\'s Giovanni\'s Room. "What kind of a childish game is this?"  Vidal  said Monday. "Why don\'t they just burn the ', 'Monday many books that had previously lost their rankings were showing them again, including works by James Baldwin and  Gore Vidal . "Many books have now been fixed and we\'re in the process of fixing the remainder as quickly as possible, and we ', 'FOR YEARS. THEY\'RE LIGHTING UP BROADWAY IN " THE BEST MAN "  GORE VIDAL \'S PRODUCTION. KRISTIN DAVIS AND JOHN STAMOS BEST POSSIBLE WAY. IT\'S SO ALIVE. IT\'S  GORE VIDAL \'S " THE BEST MAN ." COME TO BROADWAY AND SEE IT. KRISTEN AND ', 'CHANGES YOUR LIFE IN THE BEST POSSIBLE WAY. IT\'S SO ALIVE. IT\'S GORE VIDAL\'S " THE BEST MAN COME TO BROADWAY AND SEE IT. KRISTEN AND JOHN, THANK YOU. MUCH MORE HERE ON THE ', 'broadway? Yes, it is. I\'m thrilled to be here.  Gore vidal  is a friend of mine. The minute I got the play, i said with you today. Thank you. And run, don\'t walk. " The best man ," playing on broadway right now. You\'re going to ', 'on this couch with you today. Thank you. And run, don\'t walk. " The best man ," playing on broadway right now. You\'re going to continue to see it. ', 'influenced a generation has passed away author and playwright  Gore Vidal  works. Include the novels Lincoln and Myra Breckenridge and his Tony nominated play.  The best man  was just revived on Broadway but was also known for his ', 'literary celebrity who influenced a generation has passed away author and playwright Gore Vidal -- works. Include the novels Lincoln and Myra Breckenridge and his Tony nominated play. The best man was just revived on Broadway but -- -- was also known for his outsize personality and scathing -- -- was a star ', "she got a big smile for the cameras outside the Gerald Schoenfeld theatre she's appearing in and the revival of  Gore Vidal the best man  but and they began dating back in May. And sit source told in touch magazine they're very different people she ", "the Gerald Schoenfeld theatre she's appearing in and -- the revival of Gore Vidal the best man but and they began dating back in May. And sit source told in touch magazine they're very different people she spoke sub ", "up TV superstar is taking over Broadway John and Kristin Davis. Okay. they're now lighten up Broadway in  Gore Vidal  is  the best man . One of the great tests. We've seen in some time and they are too great parts of the Kristin Davis and John ", "Kristin Davis. -- Okay. -- -- they're now lighten up Broadway in Gore Vidal is the best man . One of the great tests. We've seen in some time and they are too great parts of the Kristin Davis and John ", 'knee and Erica Kristy said yes by the way cubs scored nine runs in one minute. And he was an intellectual flame thrower  Gore Vidal  who road eight plays 26 novels and fourteen screenplays. Died yesterday he was also a sensation in the days when television ', 'nine runs in one minute. And he was an intellectual flame thrower Gore Vidal who road eight plays 26 novels and fourteen screenplays. Died yesterday he was also a sensation in the days when television like ', "who is preparing to run for president should automatically by definition be disqualified. From ever doing so. So said  Gore Vidal  but like it or not they're often running and some of what they're saying might seem perfectly nice. you really listen ", "should automatically by definition be disqualified. From ever doing so. So said Gore Vidal but like it or not they're often running and some of what they're saying might seem perfectly nice. -- -- you really "]