['A man with bipolar disorder faces challenges while trying to reconcile with his ex-wife.', "apologize I'm apologized for this in order will do I will apologize about half  Ernest Hemingway . Because that's who's to blame here. You have  Ernest Hemingway  us and apologized to us to. Hi everybody I'm Peter Travers. Popcorn when we ", "apologized for this in order will do I will apologize about half Ernest Hemingway . Because that's who's to blame here. You have Ernest Hemingway -- us and apologized to us to. Hi everybody I'm Peter Travers. Popcorn when we tell you what's happening at the movies ", 'This is my big game rifle. It shoots really nicely. Reporter: With a wall of hunting trophies that would make  ernest hemingway  jealous. I live in denver and i traditionally vote for democrats and I plan to do so this year. Reporter: Or travis ', 'really nicely. Reporter: With a wall of hunting trophies that would make ernest hemingway jealous. I live in denver and i traditionally vote for democrats and I plan to do so this year. Reporter: Or travis, ', "can spend quality time with the greatest geniuses who have. There's no reason why we shouldn't go fishing with  Ernest Hemingway  take painting lessons from Michelangelo or or or or piano lessons from outside as long as those folks made it to ", "have. There's no reason why we shouldn't -- -- go fishing with Ernest Hemingway take painting lessons from Michelangelo or or or or piano lessons from outside as long as those folks made it to -- ", "quality time with the greatest geniuseswho ever lived. There's no reason why weshouldn't be able to go fishingwith  ernest hemingway  or take painting lessonsfrom michelangelo or--or--or--or piano lessonsfrom mozart, as long as those folksmade ", "ever lived. There's no reason why weshouldn't be able to go fishingwith ernest hemingway or take painting lessonsfrom michelangelo or--or--or--or piano lessonsfrom mozart, as long as those folksmade it to heaven. .. He will come. Oh, ", "what it's street she. Just how we found ourselves true warrior fitness. Pays he told. Neither office is exactly  Ernest Hemingway . I'm feeling like I'm ready protective. Noted that the and and I have yet. That's where it maybe it's ", "-- true warrior fitness. Pays -- he told. Neither office is exactly Ernest Hemingway . I'm feeling like I'm ready protective. Noted that the -- and and I have yet. That's where it maybe it's just because ", "extraordinary. Extraordinary life. When Chelsea if you watched the you of course trapped for this role actually visiting  Ernest Hemingway 's house in Cuba and trying on his boots. Martin de soleil on the personnel what I think once viva Cuba for a week ", "-- you of course -- trapped for this role -- actually visiting Ernest Hemingway's house in Cuba and trying on his boots. Martin de soleil -- -- on the personnel what I think -- once viva ", "Ernest Hemingway  of course running with the bulls famous for his novel sun also rises it's only fitting to honor him with a twist. On the Pamplona ", "Ernest Hemingway of course -- running with the bulls famous for his novel sun also rises it's only fitting to honor him with a ", "It is the highlight of the annual Hemingway days celebration down in Key West, Florida crowning and  Ernest Hemingway  a lot of. And this year's winner is video finally victorious in his twelve to heighten their stuck with it yet he's everything ", "the annual Hemingway days celebration down in Key West, Florida crowning and Ernest Hemingway a lot of. And this year's winner is -- video finally victorious in his twelve to heighten their -- -- -- -- ", "over there white beards everywhere you turned in Key West over the weekend looks like Christmas. Dead ringers for  Ernest Hemingway  gathered for a lookalike contest of the sloppy Joe's bar where the author once hung out. And a man from Vero Beach ", "in Key West over the weekend looks like Christmas. Dead ringers for Ernest Hemingway gathered for a lookalike contest of the sloppy Joe's bar where the author once hung out. And a man from Vero Beach ", "about the only one that still exist today. Anybody who was anybody ever wanted to be seen what that country. It's  Ernest Hemingway  Humphrey Bogart and Frank Sinatra were among some of the regulars. And even Hollywood has captured its glamorous ", "wanted to -- -- be seen what that country. It's -- -- Ernest Hemingway Humphrey Bogart and Frank Sinatra were among some of the regulars. And even Hollywood has captured its glamorous appeal in films throughout ", 'The explorer. These people risk taking novelty seeking curious creative example would be and John F. Kennedy  Ernest Hemingway  Angelina Jolie. The director. Analytical. Logical. Tough minded and decisive Bill Gates is a perfect example ', 'taking novelty seeking curious creative example would be and John F. Kennedy Ernest Hemingway -- Angelina Jolie. The director. Analytical. Logical. Tough minded and decisive Bill Gates is a perfect example. The director of builder from ', "annual festival draws tourists from all around the world. But the entire chase lasts only about four minutes. The festival's got back to thirteenth century old running was made famous by  Ernest Hemingway 's novel the sun also rises.", "-- got back to thirteenth century old running was made famous by Ernest Hemingway's novel the sun also rises. ", 'are beautiful colonial home cheated by in treason have this is flowers. This tranquil oasis and once the home of  Ernest Hemingway  He lived in Key West in the nineteen. Thirties where He wrote among others for whom the bell tolls the secret tip ', 'have this is flowers. This tranquil oasis and once the home of Ernest Hemingway He lived in Key West in the nineteen. Thirties where He wrote among others for whom the bell tolls the secret tip ', 'hospitals for treatment. The long festival dates back to the fifteen hundreds was first brought in mainstream by  Ernest Hemingway  and his 1926. Novel. The sun also rises have been a trivia for this morning.', 'to the fifteen hundreds -- was first brought in -- mainstream by Ernest Hemingway and his 1926. Novel. The sun also rises have been a trivia for -- this morning. ', "Hayworth couldn't be bothered. Greta Garbo is otherwise engaged. It is a luxurious life for the 46 on the grounds of  Ernest Hemingway 's home here in Key West, Florida. The fact that they are now being investigated by the federal government doesn't ", "is a luxurious life for the 46 -- on the grounds of Ernest Hemingway's home here in Key West, Florida. The fact that they are now being investigated by the federal government doesn't seem to concern ", 'secret that the web slinging hero will face such films as venom sandman. The sun between It was Mecca for fans of  Ernest Hemingway  in Key West, Florida dispute and at the Hemingway look alike contest. The event which sixteen handling incidents ', 'venom sandman. The sun between -- It was Mecca for fans of Ernest Hemingway in Key West, Florida dispute and at the -- Hemingway look alike contest. The event which -- -- sixteen handling incidents included ', 'If he could come back the American writer  Ernest Hemingway  might wonder what happened to this news of That was the title of one of his best stories. But not much is left to keep point cap ', 'If he could come back the American writer Ernest Hemingway might wonder what happened to this news of -- -- -- That was the title of one of his best -- -- ', "Europeans and build their black shattered homes the It became a magnet for people who like fish and create. People like  Ernest Hemingway . He in the 1930s for about ten years and he did a lot of his writing right in the room we're in right now he would ", 'a magnet for people who like fish -- and create. People like Ernest Hemingway . He -- -- in the 1930s for about ten years and he did a lot of his writing right in the room ']