['I\'m -- I may talk sometimes about the book, " fifty shades of grey ." Really? Just a little. Now, I feel validated But many are proud and out loud about reading " fifty shades of grey ." I know the book really well, actually. Reporter ', 'As you know, I\'m -- I may talk sometimes about the book, " fifty shades of grey Really? Just a little. Now, I feel validated because there\'s many, many celebrities out there who also, with a wink and a ', 'it a secret. But many are proud and out loud about reading " fifty shades of grey I know the book really well, actually. Reporter: It seems to be the latest trend. My inner goddess. Reporter: Comedians, celebrities, even ', 'news." we begin today with economic news. Barnes & noble says their sales are up 46%. The reason, oh, " fifty shades of grey ." Did that book save their company? Did it really? Yeah. U$svife. Oh -- it\'s a literary giant. In many ', 'Barnes & noble says their sales are up 46%. The reason, oh, " fifty shades of grey Did that book save their company? Did it really? Yeah. U$svife. Oh -- it\'s a literary giant. In many ways. A large ', 'STEAMING UP BEDROOMS ACROSS THE COUNTRY. IT\'S " FIFTY SHADES OF GREY ." SO POPULAR THAT ONE BRITISH HOTEL HAS REPLACED CREDITED WITH ITS VERY OWN BABY BOOM. READING " FIFTY SHADES OF GREY " IS ACTING LIKE AN APHRODISIAC FOR WOMEN. IT\'S ', 'UP THE BEST-SELLER LIST AND STEAMING UP BEDROOMS ACROSS THE COUNTRY. IT\'S " FIFTY SHADES OF GREY SO POPULAR THAT ONE BRITISH HOTEL HAS REPLACED BIBLES WITH COPIES OF THE NOVEL IN ROOMS. AND THE BOOK HAS INSPIRED SOME ', 'THE BOOK IS BEING CREDITED WITH ITS VERY OWN BABY BOOM. READING " FIFTY SHADES OF GREY IS ACTING LIKE AN APHRODISIAC FOR WOMEN. IT\'S PUTTING THEM IN THE MOOD MORE FREQUENTLY. THEY\'RE VERY MORE SEX. AND THEY\'RE GETTING ', 'hottest news. Hey, rachel. That\'s right. Hey, guys. Welcome to "pop news," dan. We begin with mr. " Fifty shades of grey " who is speaking out about his wife\'s success. He says she never dreamed it would become a best-seller ', 'right. Hey, guys. Welcome to "pop news," dan. We begin with mr. " Fifty shades of grey who is speaking out about his wife\'s success. He says she never dreamed it would become a best-seller. He says most of ', 'Well, if you\'re a fan of that little book,  fifty shades of grey . You know christian grey has a flair for classical The word label. Announced they\'ll release " fifty shades of grey ," the classical album. I mean -- I mean, if ', 'Yes, it is. Well, if you\'re a fan of that little book, fifty shades of grey You know christian grey has a flair for classical music. He often played it in the book to set the mood, shall we say, for anastasia. The word label. Announced they\'ll release " fifty shades of grey the classical album. I mean -- I mean, if you haven\'t read the book, you can understand why I can barely get ', 'roles in the movie version of " fifty shades of grey ." Abc\'s tanya rivero has there\'s any truth to the latest " fifty shades of grey " movie rumor attaching emma you\'re interested in being of " fifty shades of grey ." I\'m not disinterested ', 'will get the coveted role and roles in the movie version of " fifty shades of grey Abc\'s tanya rivero has the story. Reporter: We\'re not at hogwarts anymore if there\'s any truth to the latest " fifty shades of grey movie rumor attaching emma to the lead. Months of speculation that watson would play the heroine of the s & m series ', 'stay in the mix. Is it true you\'re interested in being of " fifty shades of grey I\'m not disinterested when a fan suggested krysten ritter for "don\'t trust the b in apartment 23." She tweeted, thanks, I would ', "We fifty shades of gray author. I yelled now drinking in an estimated one million dollars a week. And now hotels are looking to cash in on that flight catering to women inspired by the best seller. ABZ's explains how they're bringing sexy back. From the steamy blockbuster novel the millions who", 'Can magic when Mott won about I think our favorite part of DNA we caught up in the morning in the afternoon selling at one stop. Top of bringing you all that is fit to tell you in the world of pop news that well this first story. Did we hear that little block sculpted featuring the gray Real', "The Gavin Grant days are back and bloodier before they first hit YouTube chat over the pedestrians and now they're taking out fifty shades of the best selling erotic novel trilogy. Oh my god. Good lautner yeah good I read this it didn't bother me but he added that contracts. Is.", 'M. Something great for all of you pearl jam purests at the desk and out there. And we have something on "the  fifty shades of grey " movie. The cast will be announced at COMICON ON JULY 18th. Shannen doherty and jennie garth flew in to l ', 'at the desk and out there. And we have something on "the fifty shades of grey movie. The cast will be announced at COMICON ON JULY 18th. Shannen doherty and jennie garth flew in to l.A., To catch ', 'jay-z. It\'s ly. And speaking of pictures, you think it\'s hot and steamy outside. Well, for all of you " fifty shades of grey " fans we\'re one shade closer to the movie. We have a date, folks. August 1st of 2014. Focus feature is announcing ', 'you think it\'s hot and steamy outside. Well, for all of you " fifty shades of grey fans we\'re one shade closer to the movie. We have a date, folks. August 1st of 2014. Focus feature is announcing the ', 'read all three volumes of " fifty shades of grey ," and I\'m hoping there don\'t wanna put it down. " Fifty shades of grey " is the fastest-selling add the handcuffs, and " fifty shades of grey " was born. In it, christian ', 'this segment with a confession. I have read all three volumes of " fifty shades of grey and I\'m hoping there will be a fourth. There. I said it. Lock me up. Just don\'t tie me up. As you are about to see, it can be uncomfortableto talk about the sexy book with its author, erika leonard, better known as e.L. James. I mean, confession may be goodfor the soul, but what about submission? This year, there was one book making news. It\'s an erotic novel called "fifth shades of grey It was hot. Fantasy. Just don\'t wanna put it down. " Fifty shades of grey is the fastest-selling paperback of all time. This summer, one book sold per second. Thank you! Translated into 51 languages, the book ', 'Edward became christian the billionaire. Kill the vampires, add the handcuffs, and " fifty shades of grey was born. In it, christian makes ana sign a contract that controls most aspects of her life. "The dominant and the submissive ', 'sweet, this book. Mm. IT\'S A SWEET BOOK. (laughs) YEAH. It\'s sweet. " Fifty shades of grey ', 'In the age of " 50 Shades of Grey ," bondage is becoming a mainstream expression of modern love.', '"Gangnam Style," " Fifty Shades of Grey ," "Call Me Maybe" and Honey Boo Boo anyone?', 'A new cookbook will come out that is inspired by the novel " Fifty Shades of Grey ."', 'Why the popular book, " 50 Shades of Grey ," led to the end of marriage for one couple.']