['Game-show legend joins co-host Vanna White in giving "GMA" a tour of their traveling set.', 'his early days and  wheel of fortune . In an interview with and liquid lunches  Vanna White . Turns a piece of third in Hollywood  wheel of fortune  host pat made a shocking have you ever done  wheel of fortune  a little bit drunk ', "waves this morning -- those new revelations about his early days and wheel of fortune . In an interview with our sister network ESPN's agent had some fun talking about his long -- and liquid lunches -- Vanna White . Turns a piece of tape some shows after more than a few margaritas. And ABC's David Wright has the details. Who is Mexican spirit three consonants or valves. Now causing quite this third in Hollywood wheel of fortune host pat -- -- -- made a shocking revelation. -- -- When -- behind the wheel. Of the most popular syndicated game show on television. -- police sobriety is optional have you ever done wheel of fortune a little bit drunk. Yes about it TV and -- cute pat say Jack confessing to ESPN. Headed. The -- looks Archos ", 'you, george. The million-dollar winner. On " wheel of fortune ." Her name, autumn. She beat the odds to win the mind. Just a letter will appear? You and I will be  vanna white . This is a phrase. No wild cards. Can I get a ', 'of the wheel with lara. Thank you, george. The million-dollar winner. On " wheel of fortune ." Her name, autumn. She beat the odds to win the million dollars. Let\'s look at the life-changing moment. This looks challenging. Thing ', 'story is not involved blood. Does involve the  wheel of fortune  right just when involves pat say Jack and  Vanna White  be longtime team of  wheel of fortune  Jack tells our colleague that he ESPN two ', "don't worry this story is not involved -- blood. Does involve the wheel of fortune right -- just when involves pat say Jack and Vanna White be longtime team of wheel of fortune -- Jack tells our colleague that he ESPN two that in the show's early days. Heat and light years since without between ", 'a deadly plane to Manila yeah. So here we here we are filling in blanks and I am going to playing the part of lovely  Vanna White  not and other. And that the had in fact the. Yeah. OK so Khmer. Some out of Egypt Yemen as the Hurricane Katrina ', 'blanks and I am going to playing the part of -- lovely Vanna White not and other. And that the had in fact the. Yeah. OK so Khmer. Some -- out of Egypt Yemen as the ', 'goodmorningamerica.Com for all of the promo codes and links you need to get the bargains. And we begin. We have our own  vanna white  over here to do the deed. Canvas top. This is a new design they\'re debuting for "good morning america." You can ', 'need to get the bargains. And we begin. We have our own vanna white over here to do the deed. Canvas top. This is a new design they\'re debuting for "good morning america." You can take ', 'and katiecouric.Com. It must be exciting to create something brand new? It really was. By the way, I feel like  vanna white , george. It was really exciting. We put a staff together. We got to build the set. Even more importantly, we got ', 'something brand new? It really was. By the way, I feel like vanna white , george. It was really exciting. We put a staff together. We got to build the set. Even more importantly, we got to ', "hard so let's get those winning numbers up there are two. For 233846. And a mega ball 23 we are channeling her inner  Vanna White  right now without the unveiling of those numbers worth. Griffey two for 23 and it. Tool for putting 846. And 43 the ", 'For 233846. And a mega ball 23 we are channeling her inner Vanna White right now without the unveiling of those numbers worth. Griffey two for 23 -- and -- -- it. Tool for putting -- ', "do here we set up a little before we as you know nice vignette with the chair. small but. Wait for the Walla and I  Vanna White  this wall there John and then. Some color and pattern of hello and then they're so artfully hidden arrogant. Com ", "the -- chair. -- small but. Wait for the Walla and I Vanna White this wall there -- John and then. -- -- -- -- -- Some color and pattern of hello and then -- they're ", "until what they know. Or stay silent and let their best friend marry a man who might be more interested in a Green card  Vanna White . Okay are we Now. I'm gonna repeat what I said before. If you are gonna marry him making wrong judgments. So fresh ", "marry a man who might be more interested in a Green card Vanna White . Okay are we -- Now. I'm gonna repeat what I said before. If you are gonna marry him making -- wrong judgments. ", 'this invitation only memorial. Hollywood legends like Dick Van Jack Klugman and Connie Stevens came as TV stars like  Vanna White . Ellen DeGeneres and Ryan Seacrest all to pay tribute to Merv Griffin who died Sunday after a long battle with prostate ', '-- Jack Klugman and Connie Stevens came as -- TV stars like Vanna White . Ellen DeGeneres and Ryan Seacrest all to pay tribute to Merv Griffin who died Sunday after a long battle with prostate cancer. ', "How that this century's Cary Grant. School in Orange color I am yeah pat you on the net and so it it OK I love the  Vanna White . Have already sexiest man I don't dare make and done. Yes it was an orange and it's not me that he made a joke ", "on the net and so -- it it OK I love the Vanna White . Have already -- sexiest man I don't dare make and done. Yes it was an orange and it's not me that he "]