['1. "The Cuckoo\'s Calling" by Robert Galbraith ( J . K .  Rowling ) 2. "The English Girl" by Daniel Silva (Harper) 3. "First Sight" by Danielle Steel (Delacorte) 4. "The Poisoned Pilgrim ', 'Do-it-Yourself Book" by Bill O\'Reilly (Crown-Archetype) FICTION E-BOOKS 1. "The Cuckoo\'s Calling" by Robert Galbraith ( J . K .  Rowling ) 2. "The English Girl" by Daniel Silva (HarperCollins) 3. "The Poisoned Pilgram" by Oliver Pozsch (Mariner Books ', "Mulholland Books), by Robert Galbraith ( J . K .  Rowling ) Full disclosure: I never would have guessed. I've read every book  J . K .  Rowling  has published, some of them several out-of-nowhere. And it wouldn't be a  J . K .  Rowling  book if it didn't have lots and LOTS ", 'J . K .  Rowling  says her crime-writing alter ego Robert Galbraith had respectable TV adaptation offers before he was exposed as a pseudonym for the " Harry Potter " novelist. Rowling said "Robert was doing rather better than we ', 'Country singer Chad Brock is 50. Musician Fatboy Slim is 50. Guitarist Jim Corr of The Corrs is 49. " Harry Potter " author  J . K .  Rowling  is 48. Actor Dean Cain is 47. Actress Eve Best is 42. Actor Robert Telfer ("Saved by the Bell ', 'Wants to Have a Family Before 30 Earlier this year, the " Harry Potter " star said he\'s drawn to roles that seem interesting regardless the oddness of knowing that I will never be doing another \' Harry Potter \' film. That was a little bit sad." But it\'s also led ', 'partners inadvertently revealed that  J . K .  Rowling  had authored a mystery novel revealed over the weekend that the " Harry Potter " author had penned the book marketing plan and that neither  J . K .  Rowling , her agent nor publishers were ', 'says one of its partners inadvertently leaked the identity of  J . K .  Rowling  as author of mystery novel "The Cuckoo\'s Calling." The Sunday Times newspaper revealed over the weekend that the " Harry Potter " author had penned the book under the pseudonym Robert Galbraith ', 'Galbraith was, in fact,  J . K .  Rowling . But among those who that Rowling, the " Harry Potter " author, signed editions of the first " Harry Potter " book, published in 1997 in England as " Harry Potter  and the Philosopher\'s ', 'Readers eager for hardcover copies of the detective novel  J . K .  Rowling  (ROHL\'-ing) wrote under another name will have to wait saying Galbraith is a pseudonym for Rowling. The British " Harry Potter " author says she had wanted "The Cuckoo\'s Calling" to ', 'Michelle Williams (Destiny\'s Child) is 33. Actor Paul Wesley ("The Vampire Diaries") is 31. Actor Daniel Radcliffe (" Harry Potter " movies) is 24. Drummer Neil Perry of The Band Perry is 23. July 24: Actor John Aniston ("Days of Our Lives") is ', "coincidentally it happened when it's true author was revealed as JK Rowling who knows a thing or two about best sellers.  Harry Potter  writer was over the weekend after the Sunday times of London became suspicious because the book was so well written.", 'as JK Rowling who knows a thing or two about best sellers. Harry Potter writer was -- over the weekend after the Sunday times of London became suspicious because the book was so well written. ', "says she is one angry author and it turns out it was law firm who revealed that her latest book. Was written under pending  Harry Potter  creator says she's upset with her lawyer for spilling the beans on the calling. Which is written under the pseudonym Robert ", "law firm who revealed that her latest book. Was written under pending Harry Potter creator says she's upset with her lawyer for spilling the beans on the -- -- calling. Which is written under the pseudonym ", 'Dave Matthews hitches a ride to concert &  J . K .  Rowling  is unveiled as the mysterious crime novelist.', 'Jk rowling, the woman who created  harry potter , creating new magic tonight. But her fans had no idea until phrases. Similar style of writing. Can you show me are the  harry potter  books are. Today we found lots of rouling fans, even this ', 'Jk rowling, the woman who created harry potter , creating new magic tonight. But her fans had no idea until now. Here is nick schriffen. Reporter: Inside this london store, the ', "same phrases. Similar style of writing. Can you show me are the harry potter books are. Today we found lots of rouling fans, even this 10-year-old, who now say they're a galbraith fan. Do you think ", "her keyboard. JK imagination behind  Harry Potter  is writing her first novel since completed is aimed at adults. JK Rowling's  Harry Potter  books about a boy wizard cast powerful my next book will be very different  Harry Potter  series. potter books made a single ", "by a mile is back at her keyboard. JK -- imagination behind Harry Potter is writing her first novel since -- completed the potter series five years ago. And justice her boy wizard has grown up and moved on so has rolling. As ABC's Dan Harris reports her new book is aimed at adults. JK Rowling's Harry Potter books about a boy wizard cast -- powerful spelled not only getting millions of kids interested in reading. It was. But also ", 'in a statement my next book will be very different -- -- Harry Potter series. -- potter books made a single mom on welfare wealthier than the queen of England. Can she really make this which ', "Something's going out with  Harry Potter . The author behind everyone's favorite wizard says something new is coming that's got a whole lot of fans in a frenzy nick ", "Something's going out with Harry Potter . The author behind everyone's favorite wizard says something new is coming -- that's got a whole lot of fans in a frenzy ", "Starting a massive media campaign with help from david beckham -- if you have seen this little girl -- Reporter: -- To  j . K .  Rowling  offering a reward -- to the pope's blessing madeleine's picture. Finally, persuading the british prime minister, david ", "-- if you have seen this little girl -- Reporter: -- To j . K . Rowling offering a reward -- to the pope's blessing madeleine's picture. Finally, persuading the british prime minister, david cameron, to open a multimillion "]