['stirred generations with speculation that the deep scars in the planet\'s surface were canals created by Martians. Author  H . G .  Wells  went a step further, writing that malevolent Martians watched Earth with "envious eyes." And author Bradbury predicted ', 'Harmakhis" by ancient Egyptians. Pop culture experts say widespread public interest in the planet really took off after  H . G .  Wells \' "The War of the Worlds" was published in 1898, making plausible -- or at least not out-of-this-world -- the idea ', "months (not that anyone I know is feeling the warmth of a thaw at the moment) and many people didn't need to reread  HG Wells  to time travel to the '30s. We really were teetering on a very sharp edge. Now, whatever your thoughts about the bank bailout ", 'science fiction ," although others argue the title belongs to  H . G .  Wells . Among his contributions to the genre are "Journey to the homepage. Other popular Google doodles have recognized author  H . G .  Wells  , the Russian composer Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky and the changing ', "Google unveiled a logo that doubled as a game Web users could play straight from Google's homepage. Other popular Google doodles have recognized author  H . G .  Wells  , the Russian composer Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky and the changing seasons.", 'this year to celebrate the birthday of Sir Isaac Newton (it showed an apple falling from a tree). Other popular Google doodles have recognized author  H . G .  Wells  , the Russian composer Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky and the changing seasons.', 'quick to point out examples of this -- such as when Orson Welles triggered mass panic in 1938 when he read an adaptation of  H . G .  Wells \' "War of the Worlds" on national radio. The fake newscast convinced millions that Earth was being invaded, and it became ', "of comic books and radio shows like Flash Gordon. In 1938 Orson Welles's radio broadcast of War of the Worlds, based on  H .  G .  Wells 's sci-fi novel, set off panic as rumors of a Martian invasion swept through some communities, multiplied by the sheer ", "Google's Images Are Nod to Sci-Fi Author  H . G .  Wells  The tech giant has been known to change intended to celebrate the contributions of  H . G .  Wells , author of the science fiction classic lots of places; we wanted to celebrate  H . G .  Wells  as an author who encouraged fantastical ", 'image is a nod to "The War of the Worlds" sci-fi author  H . G .  Wells  . Others think it points to the anniversary of a UFO sighting featured in "The War of the Worlds" and the birthday of author  H . G .  Wells  is in six days, on Sept. 21. Noting that Google\'s home ', 'the early 1930s. An episode of the radio drama "The War of the Worlds," adapted by Orson Welles\' Mercury Theater from  H .  G .  Wells \' novel, triggered another bout of mass hysteria in 1938 when it aired -- this one non-medical -- as it led listeners ', "and the massive sign. Artist-designer Michael Casselli says that the booth was inspired by Federal-style architecture,  H . G .  Wells ' The Time Machine and bits of the industrial revolution: all juxtapositions with the high-tech processes that would go ", "with finding in protecting super powered artifacts. Like  HG wells  as time machine and the Disco ball from studio 54 like to tether an interesting now. You've got characters like  HG wells  on the show one of the biggest villains it's actually ", "an elite team. Charged with finding in protecting super powered artifacts. Like HG wells as time machine and the Disco ball from studio 54 -- like to see that here's a scene from last season. Thank ", "with the tether -- -- an interesting now. You've got characters like HG wells on the show one of the biggest villains it's actually a woman right fascinating. I thought that was amazing it and it ", "challenging I think that's where com they're classic has been in this huge crowd at three Google doodles that celebrated  HG wells  birthday with a war of the worlds they. Cycle I think he's always trying to top themselves. In Mountain View California ", "has been in this huge crowd at three Google doodles that celebrated HG wells birthday with a war of the worlds they. Cycle I think he's always trying to top themselves. In Mountain View California does "]