["I was sixteen I borrowed a copy of  To Kill a Mockingbird  from the mobile library. I'd asked educating. I got so engrossed in  Harper Lee 's classic that I stuck it inside represent me. I understood from reading  To Kill a Mockingbird  that things had to change and I knew ", 'downfall, as he turned to alcohol and died in 1940 from a heart attack.  Harper Lee  American author  Harper Lee  published her one and only novel, " To Kill a Mockingbird ," in 1960. The book became an international bestseller and was awarded ', 'Fifty years after " To Kill a Mockingbird " hit the big screen, the Pulitzer Prize-winning novel by  Harper Lee , is set in a small Alabama celebrating the 50th Anniversary of \' To Kill A Mockingbird \' by introducing it to a national ', 'Romney campaigns in Pennsylvania while Santorum takes a break, plus more to watch for Thursday in politics', 'And then there is this: Obama will host a special screening Thursday of " To Kill A Mockingbird " to celebrate the 50th anniversary of the movie adaptation of  Harper Lee \'s novel. The audience will include DC-area school children; Mary Badham ', 'to James Taylor, Meryl Streep to  Harper Lee . Speaking personally, the president better understand." Meryl Strep and  Harper Lee  did not attend the event today Pillow Dance Festival Quincy Jones  Harper Lee  Sonny Rollins Meryl Streep James ', 'The Note: Help Wanted: Gingrich Downplays Announcement As The Wait For 2012 Continues', 'Atticus Finch, the hero of  Harper Lee \' s classic novel "  To Kill a Mockingbird  ," has been an inspiration to generations Tucker said he doesn\'t knock using " To Kill a Mockingbird " as a teaching tool -- but it\'s probably ', "Want to Know What 'GMA' Anchors Robin Roberts and George Stephanopoulos Like to Read?", 'George H.W. Bush, and "GMA" anchors Robin Roberts and George Stephanopoulos. Robins\'s Top Five " To Kill a Mockingbird ," by  Harper Lee  "As a Man Thinketh," by James Allen "Up from Slavery," by Booker T. Washington "Little Women ', "Person of the Week: Celebrating 50 Years of Harper Lee's  Classic, 'To Kill a Mockingbird'", 'childhood --  Harper Lee . To this day 50th birthday " To Kill a Mockingbird ," Lee\'s only years penning " To Kill a Mockingbird , and once it using the name " Harper Lee " on the cover Fifty Years of \' To Kill a Mockingbird ,\'" and documentary Hey, Boo:  Harper Lee  & \' To Kill a', 'begin to understand what\'s behind her harsh attacks. "Also Known as Harper," by Ann Haywood Leal Fifth-grader  Harper Lee  Morgan has a lot of family angst. Her father with his drinking problem has gone, and her mom is late with the rent ', 'Celebration of Fifty Years of  To Kill a Mockingbird " by Mary McDonagh Murphy To Kill A Mocking Bird" by  Harper Lee . This book by journalist Mary with famous Americans about how  Harper Lee \'s masterpiece influenced them ', 'harper gave the world  To Kill a Mockingbird . A book that has But I never read  To Kill a Mockingbird  the that gave the life of its author  Harper Lee  whose own mother died success of her book  Harper Lee  rarely left her small ', 'It was a -- a lot like the life of its author Harper Lee whose own mother -- died when she was young whose father was also a lawyer. He defended a black man in a murder case but in real life. Her dad was so shattered when he lost the case he never practiced law again. After the enormous success of her book Harper Lee -- rarely left her small hometown never published another book again. And tonight at 84 she is still living at home where ', "every time. -- -- -- Your father's passing. And so we choose Harper Lee . And her small readers and her gift to everyone who reads that book. ", 'harper gave the world  To Kill a Mockingbird . A book that has But I never read  To Kill a Mockingbird  the book that gave life of its author  Harper Lee  whose own mother had success of her book  Harper Lee  rarely left her small ', 'It was a -- a lot like the life of its author Harper Lee whose own mother had died when she was young whose father was also a lawyer. He defended a black man in a murder case but in real life. Her dad was so shattered when he lost the case he never practice law again. After the enormous success of her book Harper Lee -- rarely left her small hometown never published another book again. And tonight at 84 she is still living at home where ', "in every time. -- -- Your father's passing. And so we choose Harper Lee and her small readers and her gift to everyone who reads that book. That's world news tonight. Given her will be here ", "with Google the world's leading search engine and the company's top rising searches is  Harper Lee . The eighty year old author of  To Kill a Mockingbird  is almost never seen in public but last night he showed up at an Alabama high school performance ", "the world's leading search engine and the company's top rising searches is Harper Lee . The eighty year old author of To Kill a Mockingbird is almost never seen in public but last night he showed up at an Alabama high school performance. Of her most famous ", "the first time television cameras have ever been moaning. In addition more classroom and is reading  harper Lee 's classic  To Kill a Mockingbird . Make decisions. Kids but at least is also teaching her students to alternative respect and She ", "have ever been moaning. In addition more classroom and -- is reading harper Lee's classic To Kill a Mockingbird . Make decisions. Kids but at least is also teaching her students to alternative -- respect and -- -- She also teaches a ", "town Monrovia Alabama home of the author  Harper Lee  and inspiration for her classic  To Kill a Mockingbird . Which turns fifty today. The Pulitzer that has always avoided the spotlight  harper Lee 's sister who lives everything here ", "tonight in a small town Monrovia -- Alabama home of the author Harper Lee and inspiration for her classic To Kill a Mockingbird . Which turns fifty today. The Pulitzer Prize winning book about racial justice during the depression has never been out of print. Absent from this weekend celebration Harper -- herself. At 84 she still lives in Monroe bill that has always avoided the spotlight harper Lee's sister who lives everything here. Mockingbird fans -- for a glimpse of her as they tore her neighborhood staging greetings from the ", "World News: Selling Iraq; David Beckham in LA; Converting Nirvana to Baby Lullaby's", "with Google the world's leading search engine and the company's top rising searches is  Harper Lee . The eighty year old author of  To Kill a Mockingbird  is almost never seen in public but last night he showed up at an Alabama high school performance ", "the world's leading search engine and the company's top rising searches is Harper Lee . The eighty year old author of To Kill a Mockingbird is almost never seen in public but last night he showed up at an Alabama high school performance. Of her most famous ", "Mila Kunis, Justin Timberlake Attend Marine Corps Ball: 'GMA' Pop News Heat Index", "very. All right how outrageous is that the impact that goes back to attack. They named their little girl and sales of  harper Lee 's classic novel the killer mark mockingbird. Have gone up a 123%. Three it like people and finally. Inspired way ", "back to attack. They named their little girl -- and sales of harper Lee's classic novel the killer mark mockingbird. Have gone up a 123%. Three it like -- people and finally. Inspired way to try "]