['"Harry Potter" creator penned "The Cuckoo\'s Calling" under the name Robert Galbraith.', "says she is one angry author and it turns out it was law firm who revealed that her latest book. Was written under pending  Harry Potter  creator says she's upset with her lawyer for spilling the beans on the calling. Which is written under the pseudonym Robert ", "law firm who revealed that her latest book. Was written under pending Harry Potter creator says she's upset with her lawyer for spilling the beans on the -- -- calling. Which is written under the pseudonym ", 'Dave Matthews hitches a ride to concert &  J . K .  Rowling  is unveiled as the mysterious crime novelist.', "her keyboard. JK imagination behind  Harry Potter  is writing her first novel since completed is aimed at adults. JK Rowling's  Harry Potter  books about a boy wizard cast powerful my next book will be very different  Harry Potter  series. potter books made a single ", "by a mile is back at her keyboard. JK -- imagination behind Harry Potter is writing her first novel since -- completed the potter series five years ago. And justice her boy wizard has grown up and moved on so has rolling. As ABC's Dan Harris reports her new book is aimed at adults. JK Rowling's Harry Potter books about a boy wizard cast -- powerful spelled not only getting millions of kids interested in reading. It was. But also ", 'in a statement my next book will be very different -- -- Harry Potter series. -- potter books made a single mom on welfare wealthier than the queen of England. Can she really make this which ', "Something's going out with  Harry Potter . The author behind everyone's favorite wizard says something new is coming that's got a whole lot of fans in a frenzy nick ", "Something's going out with Harry Potter . The author behind everyone's favorite wizard says something new is coming -- that's got a whole lot of fans in a frenzy ", "Starting a massive media campaign with help from david beckham -- if you have seen this little girl -- Reporter: -- To  j . K .  Rowling  offering a reward -- to the pope's blessing madeleine's picture. Finally, persuading the british prime minister, david ", "-- if you have seen this little girl -- Reporter: -- To j . K . Rowling offering a reward -- to the pope's blessing madeleine's picture. Finally, persuading the british prime minister, david cameron, to open a multimillion ", 'Jk rowling, the woman who created  harry potter , creating new magic tonight. But her fans had no idea until phrases. Similar style of writing. Can you show me are the  harry potter  books are. Today we found lots of rouling fans, even this ', 'Jk rowling, the woman who created harry potter , creating new magic tonight. But her fans had no idea until now. Here is nick schriffen. Reporter: Inside this london store, the ', "same phrases. Similar style of writing. Can you show me are the harry potter books are. Today we found lots of rouling fans, even this 10-year-old, who now say they're a galbraith fan. Do you think ", "Well perhaps you noticed some magic in the air today since the stroke of midnight  Harry Potter  and the deathly hollows. Has been eager hands of millions of fans who couldn't wait for the seventh and final book in the series ", "noticed some magic in the air today since the stroke of midnight Harry Potter and the deathly hollows. Has been eager hands of millions of fans who couldn't wait for the seventh and final book in ", "almost went into your maybe it's the right here and give her. Boy. like the fact that state is being he.  Harry Potter . I'm  Harry Potter  game. They do not. What he had to say. I think this group here is called hair I don't know alliance ", "her. Boy. -- like the fact that state is being -- he. Harry Potter . I'm Harry Potter game. They do not. What he had to say. I think this group here is called hair -- I don't know alliance ", 'Who is behind the unmasking of jk rowling. Sounds like "the sunday times of london" got a tip. Worldwide sales of " harry potter ." This came out and sold 1500 copies in england. Very, very well reviewed. In fact people were saying it does not look ', 'like "the sunday times of london" got a tip. Worldwide sales of " harry potter ." This came out and sold 1500 copies in england. Very, very well reviewed. In fact people were saying it does not look ', "Actor tells author  J . K .  Rowling  that he was allergic to his character's glasses.", 'In London  Harry Potter  author JK Rowling telling a much different kind of story today true gotten. JK Rowling made a fortune dreaming up the wizard in world of  Harry Potter  yet today the author told a government panel investigating media ', "In London Harry Potter author JK Rowling telling a much different kind of story today -- true one Rowling testifying about how aggressive. The tabloids have become leaving her own children to feel threatened. She is the latest star witness in a sweeping investigation of Britain's infamous tabloids ABC's Kelly -- -- -- it was there. I don't kill in the -- charm to gotten. JK Rowling made a fortune dreaming up the wizard in world of Harry Potter yet today the author told a government panel investigating media ethics. But the dark arts of the tabloids left her baffled and ", 'Harry Potter  author JK Rowling is released new details about her latest book the first for adults. In the call casual vacancy Rowling says ', 'Harry Potter author JK Rowling is released new details about her latest book the first for adults. In the call -- casual vacancy Rowling ', "Don't expect weather didn't want to the creator of  Harry Potter  JK Rowling's new book. The cover for her first novel aimed So we'll have a magical effect on rolling event that  Harry Potter  Here's what I've got to say that like 500 pages of backstabbing ", "Don't expect -- weather didn't want to the creator of Harry Potter JK Rowling's new book. The cover for her first novel aimed at adults has just been revealed the casual vacancy is the name of the book it hits bookstores in September 27. And by the way -- the story that seemingly idyllic town in England where every -- is at war with each other. So we'll have a -- magical effect on rolling event that Harry Potter -- Here's what I've got to say that -- like 500 pages of backstabbing -- I don't let them. I don't doubt ", "successful author of the blockbuster  Harry Potter  series. Has now announced that she crying foul ABC's Hassan has more.  Harry Potter  fans brace yourselves. The wizardry those most closely connected to the  Harry Potter  books can seventeens. This ethical ", "At the phenomenally successful author of the blockbuster Harry Potter series. Has now announced that she is releasing a new worth a collection of fairy tales that there's a catch -- could leave millions of her fans crying foul ABC's -- Hassan has more. Harry Potter fans brace yourselves. The wizardry tales of beetle the Bard is mentioned in the final book Harry -- in the -- how those attacks are handwritten. The illustrations are by -- herself but here's the catch only seven exist in the world. Six -- these books have been given to those -- most closely connected to the Harry Potter books can -- seventeens. This ethical people -- auction. It. Cecil 350. Million copies in county and translated and 65 languages. Not to mention the movie Harry Potter has made -- a rich woman. But this time it's for -- I couldn't think of any person. With less of -- miss and then more disenfranchised. And I own. -- child we've. Mental health issues women who miss Coleman can't run to cap. -- -- pen to Paper to say farewell to all things Harry Potter . I've been writing about the world it's not about Harry Ron and Hermione -- it comes from -- so if things. Pop ", "Sorry  Harry Potter  fan but there isn't another novel in the works yet. But JK rally did give fans something else to get excited about the series ", "Sorry Harry Potter fan but there isn't another novel in the works yet. But JK rally did give fans something else to get excited about ", "Well perhaps you noticed some magic in the air today since the stroke of midnight  Harry Potter  and the deathly hallows. Has been eager hands of millions of fans who couldn't wait for the seventh and final book in the series ", "noticed some magic in the air today since the stroke of midnight Harry Potter and the deathly hallows. Has been eager hands of millions of fans who couldn't wait for the seventh and final book in ", "It's  Harry Potter  mania this week a final film in theaters new biopic about the author of the  Harry Potter  potter books JK Rowling called magic thanks are we gotta ask are you a big  Harry Potter  fan. Huge  Harry Potter  fan huge huge ", "It's Harry Potter mania this week a final film in theaters on Friday. Lifetime as a new biopic about the author of the Harry Potter potter books JK Rowling called magic beyond words to JK Rowling's story. In fact here's a clip. New content and become -- ", "I'm doing well thanks are we gotta ask are you a big Harry Potter fan. Huge Harry Potter fan huge huge huge like I'm one of those rabid crazy. Harry Potter -- people so I -- I ran out of books before I ever gotten involved with the movies. Wow which are no ", "this magic came out of that time in her life which was Harry Potter . When you're going through in your film industry's thinking. What do you think her reactions going to be when I say this ", 'Are we have a very big deal for the leadership of  Harry Potter  but that there. The of the gloves why we have gloves on shaky rally is that there will be no more  Harry Potter  books but recently she wrote out of my hands down. gotten our own hand ', 'Are we have a very big deal for the leadership of Harry Potter -- but that there. The -- of the gloves why we have gloves on shaky rally is that there will be no more Harry Potter books but recently she wrote out of my hands down. -- gotten our own hand a manuscript called tales of -- the ', "Moore is now open to everyone JK Rowling's new web site for die hard  Harry Potter  fans. Includes a new material written by Rowling herself you can also download a  Harry Potter  books. Access has been limited while the site was in beta testing ", "now open to everyone JK Rowling's new web site for die hard Harry Potter fans. Includes a new material written by Rowling herself you can also download a Harry Potter books. Access has been limited while the site was in beta testing registration is free. It Angry Birds space the birds are "]