['Wayne as Raoul Duke in a " Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas " recreation. \'Nough said term, WWHSTS: What Would  Hunter S .  Thompson  Say? Maybe " I hate to advocate locked up. " Basically all  Hunter S .  Thompson  quotes work in Lil Wayne\'s ', 'is located in the Bahamas and has no fewer than six beaches, all with different names. One is " Gonzo ," a tribute to  Hunter S .  Thompson , the iconoclastic Rolling Stone magazine journalist, said Carlos Greer, People magazine reporter ', 'the ruthless wisdom of another former Senate majority leader, President Lyndon Baines Johnson, who, as the late  Hunter S .  Thompson  told it, sealed a comeback win in his 1948 Senate primary campaign by calling a news conference to allege that ', 'I\'d love to hear. In the meantime, some of you may remember this quote from the late  Hunter S .  Thompson , author of  Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas : "Buy the ticket, take the ride." If only it was that simple these days... This work ', "healthy living and somewhat over-the-top luxury can be found by even the most casual visitor. John Denver and  Hunter S .  Thompson  have both called Aspen home, and these days Aspen's celebrities including Kevin Costner, Lance Armstrong, Goldie ", 'Derby off the A-List this year, and the parties may not be as legendary as they were in the days of  gonzo  journalist  Hunter S .  Thompson , whose famed article "The Kentucky Derby Is Decedent and Depraved" immortalized a boozy, anything-goes ', 'three children, all boys. If the child is a boy, she said she would name it after her son\'s favorite author,  Hunter S .  Thompson  . "Nikolas had talked to me about how I was an only child and his cousin was an only child," said Evans. "He ', 'write for the sake of writing. Writers like Upton Sinclair, John Dos Passos, George Orwell, Arthur Miller,  Hunter S .  Thompson  -- they were willing to take risks and go against the grain. My writing deals with many subjects that politicians ', "late Studs Terkel, Roberto Bolano and Saul Bellow. Only a handful, or less, have come out from Paul Bowles,  Hunter S .  Thompson  and James Baldwin. The reasons are legal, financial, technical and philosophical. _The author or author's ", 'characters in film, including the title role in "Edward Scissorhands" and Raoul Duke, aka  Hunter S .  Thompson , in " Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas ." Wild Child Turned Doting Dad But Depp\'s early years weren\'t so sophisticated. He dropped ', 'characters in film, including the title role in "Edward Scissorhands" and Raoul Duke, aka.  Hunter S .  Thompson  in " Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas ". Wild Child Turned Doting Dad But Depp\'s early years weren\'t so sophisticated. He dropped ', "Spanish-language edition from 1997-2007. A fictionalized paper based on the Star was the setting for  The Rum Diary , a novel by  Hunter S .  Thompson . Thompson once applied to work as the paper's sports editor but was turned down by Kennedy, best ", 'suite), Jim Morrison (part of the movie "The Doors" was shot at the Chateau) and Rolling Stone journalist  Hunter S .  Thompson . More recently, Lindsay Lohan checked in after her drunken driving arrest last July, Britney Spears was reportedly ', "political magazine had huntress Thompson for and at the time  gonzo  was the criticism like this guy isn't real political Washington Post of Greg waters You guys want to stay as the  hunter S Thompson 's or do you want to go live jets. In a way. The ", "very political magazine had huntress Thompson -- for and at the time gonzo was the criticism like this guy isn't real political writer is taking -- At the Republican National Convention. And at the time means -- -- -- -- of -- to balance of Butler. And then. My excellent. But the truth is while he was dropping -- and write about Nixon it took the Washington Post of Greg waters -- You guys want to stay as the hunter S Thompson's or do you want to go live jets. In a way. The -- action news. I think right now we're very comfortable "]