['harper gave the world  To Kill a Mockingbird . A book that has But I never read  To Kill a Mockingbird  the book that gave life of its author  Harper Lee  whose own mother had success of her book  Harper Lee  rarely left her small ', 'It was a -- a lot like the life of its author Harper Lee whose own mother had died when she was young whose father was also a lawyer. He defended a black man in a murder case but in real life. Her dad was so shattered when he lost the case he never practice law again. After the enormous success of her book Harper Lee -- rarely left her small hometown never published another book again. And tonight at 84 she is still living at home where ', "in every time. -- -- Your father's passing. And so we choose Harper Lee and her small readers and her gift to everyone who reads that book. That's world news tonight. Given her will be here ", "with Google the world's leading search engine and the company's top rising searches is  Harper Lee . The eighty year old author of  To Kill a Mockingbird  is almost never seen in public but last night he showed up at an Alabama high school performance ", "the world's leading search engine and the company's top rising searches is Harper Lee . The eighty year old author of To Kill a Mockingbird is almost never seen in public but last night he showed up at an Alabama high school performance. Of her most famous ", "the first time television cameras have ever been moaning. In addition more classroom and is reading  harper Lee 's classic  To Kill a Mockingbird . Make decisions. Kids but at least is also teaching her students to alternative respect and She ", "have ever been moaning. In addition more classroom and -- is reading harper Lee's classic To Kill a Mockingbird . Make decisions. Kids but at least is also teaching her students to alternative -- respect and -- -- She also teaches a ", "town Monrovia Alabama home of the author  Harper Lee  and inspiration for her classic  To Kill a Mockingbird . Which turns fifty today. The Pulitzer that has always avoided the spotlight  harper Lee 's sister who lives everything here ", "tonight in a small town Monrovia -- Alabama home of the author Harper Lee and inspiration for her classic To Kill a Mockingbird . Which turns fifty today. The Pulitzer Prize winning book about racial justice during the depression has never been out of print. Absent from this weekend celebration Harper -- herself. At 84 she still lives in Monroe bill that has always avoided the spotlight harper Lee's sister who lives everything here. Mockingbird fans -- for a glimpse of her as they tore her neighborhood staging greetings from the ", "World News: Selling Iraq; David Beckham in LA; Converting Nirvana to Baby Lullaby's", "with Google the world's leading search engine and the company's top rising searches is  Harper Lee . The eighty year old author of  To Kill a Mockingbird  is almost never seen in public but last night he showed up at an Alabama high school performance ", "the world's leading search engine and the company's top rising searches is Harper Lee . The eighty year old author of To Kill a Mockingbird is almost never seen in public but last night he showed up at an Alabama high school performance. Of her most famous ", "Mila Kunis, Justin Timberlake Attend Marine Corps Ball: 'GMA' Pop News Heat Index", "very. All right how outrageous is that the impact that goes back to attack. They named their little girl and sales of  harper Lee 's classic novel the killer mark mockingbird. Have gone up a 123%. Three it like people and finally. Inspired way ", "back to attack. They named their little girl -- and sales of harper Lee's classic novel the killer mark mockingbird. Have gone up a 123%. Three it like -- people and finally. Inspired way to try "]