['"& Sons" (Random House), by David Gilbert The ghost of  J . D .  Salinger  hovers over David Gilbert\'s new novel, "& Sons." Set amid the wealth and privilege of Manhattan\'s toniest neighborhood ', 'bars, receiving mental treatment throughout his imprisonment. He was found at the scene of the shooting reading  J . D .  Salinger \'s "The Catcher in the Rye" before being taken into police custody. He has said that he also contemplated killing ', 'success, Lee ended her career as a writer.  J . D .  Salinger  American author  J . D .  Salinger  published the literary classic, "The Catcher well-known short stories, it was his only novel.  Salinger  is perhaps just as famous for his reclusive nature ', 'serving his time at New York\'s Attica Prison. He is one of the many infamous killers said to have carried a copy of  J . D .  Salinger \'s "Catcher in the Rye" with him. When Barbara Walters asked why he did it, Chapman replied with a straight face ', 'who blogged on the website Babble that she had named her son Seymour -- a name that had "literary overtones" from  J . D .  Salinger \'s famous Glass family to investigative writer Seymour Hersh and restaurant critic Seymour Britchky. "To my surprise ', 'on when his science fiction stories, written when he was 17 and sold to the magazine Jules Verne, emerge, "like  J . D .  Salinger  appearing again," Forshaw said. "Anything will be interesting." But Gabrielsson and the Larssons are still at ', 'by novelist  J . D .  Salinger  and the basis ever heard of  Salinger . But I got anti-hero  Holden Caulfield  , who raged the world."  Holden Caulfield  Still Resonates agrees that  Salinger \'s "Catcher reflection of  J . D .  Salinger \'s own philosophies and all of  Holden Caulfield \'s antisocial ', 'author\'s son, through  Salinger \'s literary agent, said  Salinger  died at his home in tormented teenager  Holden Caulfield  became a synonym for agency today said " Salinger  had remarked that in the Rye" Author  J . D .  Salinger  Dies While the mood I prefer to think  JD Salinger  has just decided to ', 'Jo Deschanel starred in the cult David Lynch TV series "Twin Peaks." Named after one of the title characters in  J . D .  Salinger \'s novella "Franny and Zooey," Deschanel became interested in films when her father brought home a collection ', 'that matches the spirit and pace of a Cold War Kids show. For a band that compare the lyrical tone of their songs to  J . D .  Salinger , they play live with a gut-busting spirit "There\'s a degree of musicianship in every band," Willett said ', 'The words "free" and "Xbox 360" are like  J . D .  Salinger  and a gaggle of paparazzi -- never seen together. Still, Popular Science just invoked them with this curious bit of homebrew ', 'artists are drawn to its natural beauty and inexpensive cost of living. American writer Joyce Maynard, former lover of  J . D .  Salinger  of "Catcher in the Rye" fame, relocated to a house on San Marcos on Lake Atitlan. There, helicopter pads and ', 'Author of catcher in the rye  JD Salinger  has died at the age of 91 every with that sentence Jerome David  Salinger  handed the generation of explosive and other books the mystery of the  Salinger  added to the reverence of his fans ', "Author of catcher in the rye JD Salinger has died at the age of 91 every human than a book comes along that changes the way we talk -- laugh or. With its secrets reminds millions of people. They're not alone. Gonna tell you my whole expletive autobiography. He wrote. And with that sentence Jerome David Salinger handed the generation of explosive mix of unspoken truths about sex and lying. And being young nearly sixty years ago. In 9051 ", 'The author of catcher in the rye  JD Salinger  has died at the age of 91. Every with that sentence Jerome David  Salinger  handed the generation of explosive other books the mystery of the real  Salinger  added to the reverence of his fans ', 'charged with first degree murder. The author of catcher in the rye JD Salinger has died at the age of 91. Every human than a book comes along that changes the way we talk -- laugh or. With its secrets reminds millions of people. There -- not alone. Gonna tell you my whole expletive autobiography. He wrote. And with that sentence Jerome David Salinger handed the generation of explosive mix of unspoken truths about sex and lying. And being -- nearly sixty years ago. In 9051 ', 'Pernell Roberts,  J.D .  Salinger , Charles Mathias, Howard Zinn, Robert Moshbacher.', 'Pernell Roberts,  J.D .  Salinger , Charles Mathias, Howard Zinn, Robert Moshbacher.', "that horrific. Events and it's really claustrophobic. Look inside. The mind madness. And the title comes from  JD Salinger 's catcher in the rye which was intricate. Mark David Chapman his line of thinking yeah it was a very important book ", "-- claustrophobic. Look inside. The mind madness. And the title comes from JD Salinger's catcher in the rye which was intricate. Mark David Chapman his line of thinking yeah it was a very important book. For ", "Coleman are often associated with behave yeah. John Nash became the subject of the hit film beautiful mind in the arts  JD Salinger  and Harper famously withdrew from the world. And we have no problem we've we've we've great office of the half ", "the subject of the hit film beautiful mind -- in the arts JD Salinger and Harper -- famously withdrew from the world. And we have no problem we've we've we've great office of the half been "]