["Casey Anthony  has completed her one-year probation Anthony's legal woes are not over yet.  Casey Anthony  Free as Probation Ends Zenaida Fernandez-Gonzalez point already obtained service on  Casey Anthony  and therefore she will have to attend ", "Casey Anthony 's one-year probation sentence accidentally drowned in the family pool.  Casey Anthony  to Be Free as Probation Ends Fernandez-Gonzalez point already obtained service on  Casey Anthony  and therefore she will have to attend ", 'pro-suicide pit," according to  Casey Anthony \'s defense attorney Jose Baez. Baez in his new book "Presumed Guilty,  Casey Anthony : The Inside Story." One year ago suicide-related searches were done one hour after  Casey Anthony \'s father George Anthony said that ', 'Casey Anthony \'s jailers took her in shackles to Baez\'s book "Presumed Guilty,  Casey Anthony : The Inside Story," set to be released Baez said he was taken to Anthony.  Casey Anthony  Enjoyed Being in Jail, Her Lawyer ', "Presumed Guilty,  Casey Anthony : The Inside Story for one helicopter.  Casey Anthony 's Great Escape A g plane crash with  Casey Anthony . This is a blogger's Nancy Grace and  prosecutor Jeff Ashton . Baez was shocked ", 'that she thought  Casey Anthony \'s father something."  Casey Anthony Prosecutor Earlier today, the  prosecutor  and an alternate state attorney  Jeff Ashton  on "The View Top 9 Moments:  Casey Anthony  Trial The prosecution ', 'Casey Anthony  Verdict: Anthony Family Gets Death Threats in Wake of Acquittal, Asks for Privacy', 'explosive claims that  Casey Anthony  became a pathological Wendy Murphy, a former  prosecutor  who teaches at New month Murphy predicted  Casey Anthony  would be acquitted that they have that  Casey Anthony  actually killed her ', 'pool in June 2008.  Casey Anthony  hid her daughter\'s asked by Walters if  Casey Anthony  made the right decision finally alerted police.  Casey Anthony  then claimed Caylee their day in court."  Prosecutor Jeff Ashton  returned the nod to ', "hard-partying  Casey Anthony  and the tattoo beautiful life.  Prosecutor  Drane Burdick pool and that  Casey Anthony 's lies during co-counsel,  Jeff Ashton , showed jurors before she died.  Casey Anthony  Case: Jury Deliberates ", 'Casey Anthony  Trial: Timeline of Key Events in the Murder Trial of the Florida Mother', "11 days. May 25:  Casey Anthony 's lawyer, Jose because they say that  Casey Anthony  used chloroform to attorney Jose Baez and  prosecutor Jeff Ashton  were both admonished his hand. July 5:  Casey Anthony  is found not guilty ", "heart of the case was  Casey Anthony 's fantastic lie Prosecutors claimed that  Casey Anthony  killed her daughter She killed Caylee,  prosecutor Jeff Ashton  claimed in his closing argument, because  Casey Anthony  had to choose between ", 'Prosecutors accused  Casey Anthony  today of "sacrificing of the case against  Casey Anthony  as "fantasy forensics yelled to jurors that  prosecutor Jeff Ashton  was a "laughing guy start deliberating.  Casey Anthony , 25, could be sentenced ', 'jury a web of lies spun by  Casey Anthony  which they said pointed on the murder charges.  Prosecutor Jeff Ashton  announced He would resign his What do you think of  Casey Anthony . I think  Casey Anthony  is very complicated. I ', "case laid out for the jury a web of lies spun by Casey Anthony which they said pointed to one fact she killed her two year old daughter. But beyond the circumstantial evidence here did the state come up short. Following yesterday's not guilty verdict on the murder charges. Prosecutor Jeff Ashton announced He would resign. Today ABC's Barbara Walters sat down with -- to find out why He thought the jury. Didn't believe his -- What do you think of Casey Anthony . I think Casey Anthony is very complicated. I think Casey Anthony is a very very good liar. I think personally that Casey Anthony killed her daughter Casey Anthony . Chloroform on Caylee so that she would not suffer. Placed duct tape over her nose and mouth to end her life. And ", "sentiment. I would I would be concerned for safety. -- concern for. Casey Anthony safety why. Well I wouldn't want anyone in the community tipped to be so upset by this that they might try to. ", "father. Meantime, former  prosecutor jeff ashton  reportedly now says, quote a huge piece of evidence.  Casey anthony  could confess and it wouldn't find it there, to convict  casey anthony . I don't think that this ", "would have called into question the testimony of anthony's father. Meantime, former prosecutor jeff ashton reportedly now says, quote, ashame that he didn't have the evidence. We'll talk to dan abrams about all of this. It may be a shame that the prosecutors didn't -- ashame, it's a huge piece of evidence. Casey anthony could confess and it wouldn't change anything. She could come forward and say, here's how I did it, here's why I did ", "a reasonable doubt, if you wanted to find it there, to convict casey anthony . I don't think that this particular piece of evidence would have changed this particular jury's mind. Such a high-profile case, how do ", "one coming up, prosecuting  casey anthony . Tell us that. If you're the book, written by the  prosecutor ,  jeff ashton . And it's a look at how whole truth. You're the  prosecutor ,  jeff ashton  there. They were surprised ", "a big story we did here. And this one coming up, prosecuting casey anthony . Tell us that. If you're a news junkie like I am, you couldn't avoid that story. And I figured I knew what the verdict was going to be. And when the verdict came down, I was really surprised. So, when it came to me with this amazing script, based on the book, written by the prosecutor , jeff ashton . And it's a look at how something can turn out so differently than the entire country expected. Everybody was surprised. What happened ", 'The  prosecutor  in this case has attempted to. Narrow Even after sending a witness to  prosecutor Jeff Ashton  office. On announced on Sunday for presentation of case. Because. A  prosecutor  decides. On zone. Without assistance ', "The prosecutor in this case has attempted to. Narrow the scope. Of neat testimony. Of these expert witnesses by intentionally. Refusing to take their depositions. By has started the day by defending himself. He's facing possible sanctions for not disclosing what his witnesses will testify to on the stand. But He blamed the state. Even after sending a witness to prosecutor Jeff Ashton office. On announced on Sunday for an impromptu deposition I think it is they severest. Due process violation. To try and limit our testimony. Limit our presentation of case. Because. A prosecutor decides. On -- zone. Without assistance or acknowledgment from the port. To omit his professional responsibility. Judge Perry was not buying it ", "prosecutors were angry they didn't show with lead attorney  Jeff Ashton . Says He is retiring at the that we it was a victory heard his colleagues talk every day about how guilty  Casey Anthony  ones but As they head back home the rest of us are ", 'jury selection. He heard his colleagues talk every day about how guilty Casey Anthony ones but -- As they head back home the rest of us are left to wonder that they believe the defense. Where ']