['It\'s often said that women like  Jane Austen  because they LOVE Mr. Darcy, the unlikely romantic hero of " Pride and Prejudice ." He\'s the opposite of an action hero. The anti-James ', 'specifically for middle aged women. Her company focuses on romance and mystery, including games based on the novels of  Jane Austen  and the popular TV detective show "Murder She Wrote." But Lehrer said the psychology behind the games is pure Las ', "years then you've definitely seen the cover for  Pride and Prejudice  and Zombies . Less than a fourth of the book is any different from  Jane Austen 's original novel... but the zombie-packed bit ", 'voice-over about girls in high school and .... just knowing what they wanted and what they liked." Loosely based on  Jane Austen \'s " Emma ," the movie follows Cher, a popular and sweetly superficial teenager, and her friends as they navigate the ', 'threat to the London Games: English weather. In a city universally besmirched as climatically challenged and about which  Jane Austen  once wrote, "In London, it is always a sickly season," early Olympics forecasts are cloudy, with a chance of chaos ', 'Heathcliff and the Dashwood sisters are painted like modern fashion sketches on the covers of new editions of the Bronte and  Jane Austen  classics published by Splinter, an imprint of Sterling Publishing aimed at young readers. A new edition of "Wuthering ', 'required so much concentration that there was little evidence of wandering minds. So they switched to  Jane Austen \'s " Sense and Sensibility ." The participants pushed a button when they felt themselves zoning out. During that time the eyes ', "Q: Is it bad etiquette for me to clip my nails on a plane? A: Yes. Yes. A thousand times YES. (Apologies to  Jane Austen .) -- Q: My husband doesn't want to dress up for Formal Night on our upcoming cruise. The last time he wore a suit ", "takes place in England around the time of the first World War, where matters of the heart, threat of financial ruin and  Jane Austen -esque family entanglements dominate. If you like your wit dry and served with a British accent, this one's for ", "takes place in England around the time of the first World War, where matters of the heart, threat of financial ruin and  Jane Austen -esque family entanglements dominate. If you like your wit dry and served with a British accent, this one's for ", 'and bringing justice to criminals. John Walsh became the host of " America\'s Most Wanted ." Famous Birthdays 1775  Jane Austen  1901 Margaret Mead 1961 Bill Hicks 1963 Benjamin Bratt 1988 Anna Popplewell Jump back to Dec. 15: Day in History ', "twelve foot tall stacks statue of mister Darcy who  pride and prejudice . It's been installed temporarily in Hyde Park London that the remaining doesn't actually happening in  Jane austen 's original clock no doubt they would scandalized ", "possible it. Never mind that the remaining -- doesn't actually happening in Jane austen's original clock no doubt they would scandalized readers that the time is still make for some great TV I don't you can ", 'on youtube, the most popular " pride and prejudice " clip by far. It\'s all full more different from the world of  jane austen  and peopmberly. But here, everyone one woman put it, this is the  jane austen  equivalent of a "star trek ', 'Reporter: That scene has 3 million views on youtube, the most popular " pride and prejudice " clip by far. It\'s all full of sex that\'s about to explode on us all. Reporter: As a british sex symbol, mr. ', "spotted the blatant attempt to plagiarism. We decided to test it out ourselves taking one of  Jane austen 's most famous lines from  pride and prejudice . And put into a widely available anti plagiarism software. It was a truth universally acknowledged ", "to plagiarism. We decided to test it out ourselves taking one of Jane austen's most famous lines from pride and prejudice . And put -- into a widely available anti plagiarism software. It was a truth universally acknowledged that a single man in possession ", "stacks statue of mister Darcy who  pride and prejudice . It's been installed temporarily doesn't actually happening in  Jane austen 's original clock no doubt they matter what targets in. I with  pride and prejudice  I love it no matter who's in ", "possible it. Never mind that the romantic scene doesn't actually happening in Jane austen's original clock no doubt they would scandalized readers at the time is still make for some great TV I don't you can ", 'views on YouTube the most popular  pride and prejudice  clipped by far full of news sexism more different from the world of  Jane Austen  and Kimberly and yet here. Everyone is dressing the part this is  Jane Austen  equivalent of a Star and cheats ', 'clothed. That scene has three million views on YouTube the most popular pride and prejudice clipped by far -- full of news sexism and -- -- muscle as a British sex symbol mister Darcy is the opposite ', "nation is willing to wait here's ABC's David Wright. How long are you willing to wait for an answer  Jane austen 's  pride and prejudice  mr. Darcy delivers his letter to mr. Bennett on page 201. They don't even discuss it until page 375 ", "David Wright. How long are you willing to wait for an answer Jane austen's pride and prejudice mr. Darcy delivers his letter to mr. Bennett on page 201. They don't even discuss it until page 375. Several months and ", "counting the option to hit the send it you he's quite extraordinary ticketed event.  pride and prejudice  for the 21 century. Catherine Middleton is  Jane austen 's proud and Elizabeth Bennet. Prince William as the dust in the apple crossed mr ", "the send it -- you -- he's quite extraordinary ticketed event. -- pride and prejudice for the 21 century. Catherine Middleton is Jane austen's proud -- and Elizabeth Bennet. Prince William as the dust in the apple crossed mr. -- see even write down to the "]