["12-foot homage to Colin Firth's role in the BBC adaptation will settle in a significant location.", 'on youtube, the most popular " pride and prejudice " clip by far. It\'s all full more different from the world of  jane austen  and peopmberly. But here, everyone one woman put it, this is the  jane austen  equivalent of a "star trek ', 'Reporter: That scene has 3 million views on youtube, the most popular " pride and prejudice " clip by far. It\'s all full of sex that\'s about to explode on us all. Reporter: As a british sex symbol, mr. ', "spotted the blatant attempt to plagiarism. We decided to test it out ourselves taking one of  Jane austen 's most famous lines from  pride and prejudice . And put into a widely available anti plagiarism software. It was a truth universally acknowledged ", "to plagiarism. We decided to test it out ourselves taking one of Jane austen's most famous lines from pride and prejudice . And put -- into a widely available anti plagiarism software. It was a truth universally acknowledged that a single man in possession ", "stacks statue of mister Darcy who  pride and prejudice . It's been installed temporarily doesn't actually happening in  Jane austen 's original clock no doubt they matter what targets in. I with  pride and prejudice  I love it no matter who's in ", "possible it. Never mind that the romantic scene doesn't actually happening in Jane austen's original clock no doubt they would scandalized readers at the time is still make for some great TV I don't you can ", 'views on YouTube the most popular  pride and prejudice  clipped by far full of news sexism more different from the world of  Jane Austen  and Kimberly and yet here. Everyone is dressing the part this is  Jane Austen  equivalent of a Star and cheats ', 'clothed. That scene has three million views on YouTube the most popular pride and prejudice clipped by far -- full of news sexism and -- -- muscle as a British sex symbol mister Darcy is the opposite ', "nation is willing to wait here's ABC's David Wright. How long are you willing to wait for an answer  Jane austen 's  pride and prejudice  mr. Darcy delivers his letter to mr. Bennett on page 201. They don't even discuss it until page 375 ", "David Wright. How long are you willing to wait for an answer Jane austen's pride and prejudice mr. Darcy delivers his letter to mr. Bennett on page 201. They don't even discuss it until page 375. Several months and ", "counting the option to hit the send it you he's quite extraordinary ticketed event.  pride and prejudice  for the 21 century. Catherine Middleton is  Jane austen 's proud and Elizabeth Bennet. Prince William as the dust in the apple crossed mr ", "the send it -- you -- he's quite extraordinary ticketed event. -- pride and prejudice for the 21 century. Catherine Middleton is Jane austen's proud -- and Elizabeth Bennet. Prince William as the dust in the apple crossed mr. -- see even write down to the ", "to related to anything other than that. Earlier this year you played will be in the BBC adaptation of  Jane austen 's  Sense and Sensibility  do you like period pieces. I dated I do not and because it gives the feel very very different you have ", "Earlier this year you played will be in the BBC adaptation of Jane austen's Sense and Sensibility do you like period pieces. I dated I do not and because it gives -- the -- feel very very different you ", "that we given what we should do next. Climax of 2007.  Jane Austen  festival. Celebration. Old things day. Sure it was she's not drinking or kissing isn't going here at the  Jane austen 's sense and He changed the outcome of the to harvest ", "when she's not drinking or kissing -- isn't going here at the Jane austen's sense and -- He changed the outcome of the to harvest the excitement -- -- -- Nancy. This. Is where the young ", 'And now to Dan Hathaway.  Jane Austen  might put it this way it is a truth universally acknowledged that Jane Hathaway. Is one of the truly talented young women in Hollywood ', 'And now to Dan Hathaway. Jane Austen might -- put it this way it is a truth universally acknowledged that Jane Hathaway. Is one of the truly talented young ', "here that IP and they are they are definitely a great. Partner partnership yeah Herbert Heidi kind of reminded me of  Jane Austen . Character when I read it and look again and it that the When we need mr. and mrs. X again I hear that they're parenting ", 'great. Partner partnership yeah Herbert Heidi kind of reminded me of -- Jane Austen . Character when I read it and look again and it that the -- -- -- -- When we need mr. and mrs. ', "of FaceBook and took their lives back to what they you refer to at the old days 1995. 1995. In the eighteen hundreds  Jane Austen  wrote of women waiting anxiously for a month for a boyfriend's hand written letter. Just imagine all whole month to ", "to -- at the old days 1995. 1995. In the eighteen hundreds Jane Austen wrote of women waiting anxiously for a month for a boyfriend's hand written letter. Just imagine all whole month to wonder what's ", "journalists whistle blowers to feel safe in Iceland. Is that correct. Actually we propose tax the government to do this. Two  Jane Austen  saint important particularly investigative genius in the next and back home but also for. The it's baseless protection ", "-- Actually we propose -- tax the government to do this. Two Jane Austen saint -- important particularly investigative genius in the next and back home but also for. The -- -- it's baseless protection and ", "the film but growing up in in England it's it's part of you'll. The three awareness like like Charles Dickens or  Jane Austen . Absolutely it did was there a pressure that went along with fat you know sort of to to live up to this literary legacy ", "it's part of you'll. The three awareness like like Charles Dickens or Jane Austen . Absolutely it did was there a pressure that went along with fat you know sort of -- to to live up to ", 'Nintendo is teaming up with publisher harpercollins to release a program with 100 classic books with works by Shakespeare  Jane Austen  and others. The software will only be available in Britain initially but it expects to expand its its successful. The ', 'to release a program with 100 classic books with works by Shakespeare Jane Austen and others. The software will only be available in Britain initially but it expects to expand its its successful. The iPhone is ', "said mama Saturday. And as don't He never cracked me just that mean He also crash. Tonight's climax of the 2007.  Jane Austen  festival. The celebration. Old things day. Sure can use rumbled through him and only These They suggested fan luster ", "-- that mean He also crash. Tonight's -- climax of the 2007. Jane Austen festival. The celebration. Old things day. Sure can use rumbled through him and only -- These -- They suggested fan luster is "]