['1. "The Cuckoo\'s Calling" by Robert Galbraith ( J . K .  Rowling ) 2. "The English Girl" by Daniel Silva (Harper) 3. "First Sight" by Danielle Steel (Delacorte) 4. "The Poisoned Pilgrim ', 'Book" by Bill O\'Reilly (Crown-Archetype) FICTION E-BOOKS 1. "The Cuckoo\'s Calling" by Robert Galbraith ( J . K .  Rowling ) 2. "The English Girl" by Daniel Silva (HarperCollins) 3. "The Poisoned Pilgram" by Oliver Pozsch (Mariner ', 'Galbraith ( J . K .  Rowling ) Full disclosure read every book  J . K .  Rowling  has published wouldn\'t be a  J . K .  Rowling  book if it didn\'t It reads like  Rowling  had fun writing endeavor, " The Casual Vacancy ." Perhaps ', 'J . K .  Rowling  says her crime-writing alter ego exposed as a pseudonym for the " Harry Potter " novelist.  Rowling  said "Robert was doing rather better revealed earlier this month that  Rowling  had written the book under a pseudonym ', 'Country singer Chad Brock is 50. Musician Fatboy Slim is 50. Guitarist Jim Corr of The Corrs is 49. " Harry Potter " author  J . K .  Rowling  is 48. Actor Dean Cain is 47. Actress Eve Best is 42. Actor Robert Telfer ("Saved by the Bell ', 'inadvertently revealed that  J . K .  Rowling  had authored a mystery the weekend that the " Harry Potter " author had penned was speculation that  Rowling  or her publisher were plan and that neither  J . K .  Rowling , her agent nor publishers ', 'leaked the identity of  J . K .  Rowling  as author of mystery the weekend that the " Harry Potter " author had penned the been speculation that  Rowling  or her publisher were the revelation. Since  Rowling  was outed as the author ', 'Galbraith was, in fact,  J . K .  Rowling . But among those mean a lot of money.  Rowling  spokeswoman Nicky Press on Tuesday that  Rowling , the " Harry Potter " author, signed identity secret,  Rowling  made no promotional ', 'copies of the detective novel  J . K .  Rowling  (ROHL\'-ing) wrote under was revealed Saturday that  Rowling  wrote it. It has sold out Galbraith is a pseudonym for  Rowling . The British " Harry Potter " author says she had wanted ', 'J . K .  Rowling  has pulled off some impressive best-selling author of the " Harry Potter " series used the pseudonym The Sunday Times revealed  Rowling  wrote the book. Her spokeswoman then confirmed it.  Rowling  said in a statement she ', "shops of Diagon Alley from  Harry Potter  are now on Google Maps life the shop setting from  J . K .  Rowling 's legendary  Harry Potter  series of seven best-selling It's a fun experience for  Harry Potter  fans, but it makes me wonder ", 'adaption of the 7-book  Harry Potter  series, which has earned film franchises: 1.  Harry Potter  All about "the boy who lived," the  Harry Potter  films, released between woman behind it all,  J . K .  Rowling , who wrote the books ', 'alive. The outrage that followed led to the establishment of the Leveson Inquiry. Witnesses included  J . K .  Rowling  , author of the  Harry Potter  book, and movie star Hugh Grant . They and many others complained of relentless intrusiveness from ', 'Jk rowling , the woman who created  harry potter , creating new magic tonight shelves bend under the books of  jk rowling . But robert galbraith? Do you Spawned an $8 billion franchise.  Jk rowling  wanted to write unanimously so ', "Jk rowling , the woman who created harry potter , creating new magic tonight. But her fans had no idea until now. Here is nick schriffen. Reporter: Inside this london store, the shelves bend under the books of jk rowling . But robert galbraith? Do you think who robert is? I have no idea. I look and couldn't find his debut novel released ", "100,000. Why? She sold 450 million books. Spawned an $8 billion franchise. Jk rowling wanted to write unanimously so she could know what the reviewers really thought. It's very appealing the idea of writing under a different name, realistically, my chances of getting away with that are incredibly remote. She did get away with writing this book until the london journalist followed the clues. Same agent, same publisher, same editor. Crucially, you know, some of the same phrases. Similar style of writing. Can you show me are the harry potter books are. Today we found lots of rouling fans, even this 10-year-old, who now say they're a galbraith fan. Do you think you would want to read any jk rowling book? Yeah. Even one about a mystery? In the case of who the author is? Mystery solved. Nick schriffen, abc news, london. ", "Harry Potter  author  JK Rowling  is released new details about her latest adults. In the call casual vacancy  Rowling  says it will be sent an English town everything is as it appears in the surface  Rowling 's publisher calls the book. Blackley ", "Harry Potter author JK Rowling is released new details about her latest book the first for adults. In the call -- casual vacancy Rowling says it will be sent an English town it. Seems to be idyllic but not everything is as it appears in the surface Rowling's publisher calls the book. Blackley comic. Available worldwide as an e-book and our cover on September 27. ", "sellers list. Not so coincidentally it happened when it's true author was revealed as  JK Rowling  who knows a thing or two about best sellers.  Harry Potter  writer was over the weekend after the Sunday times of London became suspicious because ", "Not so coincidentally it happened when it's true author was revealed as JK Rowling who knows a thing or two about best sellers. Harry Potter writer was -- over the weekend after the Sunday times of London became suspicious because the book was so well written. ", "didn't want to the creator of  Harry Potter JK Rowling 's new book. The cover for adults has just been revealed  the casual vacancy  is the name of the book it effect on rolling event that  Harry Potter  Here's what I've got to ", "Don't expect -- weather didn't want to the creator of Harry Potter JK Rowling's new book. The cover for her first novel aimed at adults has just been revealed the casual vacancy is the name of the book it hits bookstores in September 27. And by the way -- the story that seemingly idyllic town in England where every -- is at war with each other. So we'll have a -- magical effect on rolling event that Harry Potter -- Here's what I've got to say that -- like 500 pages of backstabbing -- I don't let them. I don't doubt ", "Welcome to the skinny everyone and we have a mystery that has been solved okay. We now know who leaked the identity of  JK Rowling  as being mysterious. Author of this. Novel called the cuckoo's calling so this novel came out under well how we now ", "has been solved okay. We now know who leaked the identity of JK Rowling as being mysterious. Author of this. Novel called the cuckoo's calling so this novel came out under well how we now know ", "says she is one angry author and it turns out it was law firm who revealed that her latest book. Was written under pending  Harry Potter  creator says she's upset with her lawyer for spilling the beans on the calling. Which is written under the pseudonym Robert ", "law firm who revealed that her latest book. Was written under pending Harry Potter creator says she's upset with her lawyer for spilling the beans on the -- -- calling. Which is written under the pseudonym ", "In London  Harry Potter  author  JK Rowling  telling a much different kind of don't kill in the charm to gotten.  JK Rowling  made a fortune dreaming up the wizard in world of  Harry Potter  yet today the author told a government ", "In London Harry Potter author JK Rowling telling a much different kind of story today -- true one Rowling testifying about how aggressive. The tabloids have become leaving her own children to feel threatened. She is the latest star witness in a sweeping investigation of Britain's infamous tabloids ABC's Kelly -- -- -- it was there. I don't kill in the -- charm to gotten. JK Rowling made a fortune dreaming up the wizard in world of Harry Potter yet today the author told a government panel investigating media ethics. But the dark arts of the tabloids left her baffled and "]