['Jackie Collins \' next "Lucky Santangelo" novel will cover the early years. St. Martin\'s Press announced Friday that Collins\' "Confessions ', 'Bestselling author  Jackie Collins  has been creating characters since she was 6 years old growing she too has a motto: "Never F*** with a Santangelo."  Jackie Collins  Reveals Juicy Details about New Release As Collins was writing ', 'Bestselling author  Jackie Collins  has sold more than 400 million copies of her novels. She stopped by "GMA" this morning to speak about her latest book. For more information on her new book CLICK HERE.', "Blockbuster best-selling author  Jackie Collins  has lived a fascinating life. Her legendary career 400 million copies. Click here to learn more about  Jackie Collins ' new book from her Web site. Collins' introduction ", 'the book. "Ben Mezrich clearly aspires to be the  Jackie Collins  or Danielle Steele of Silicon Valley. In fact his Schrage, a spokesman for Facebook. But still, that  Jackie Collins -esque drama works well for Hollywood flicks and ', 'missing from women\'s fiction of the past. "I think that for a long time, what women were getting were sort of the  Jackie Collins , Judith Krantz kind of books sex and shopping, glitz and glamour, heroines that were fun to read about, but just ', 'happening, and it\'s part of the old Hollywood that\'s gone." Concentrate on Acting, Not the Clothes Author  Jackie Collins  says, "I think it\'s so hilarious that the whole Oscars has become like a fashion show; they should be concentrating ', 'to win. I think Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon is right up there for Best Picture. And everybody loves Julia."  Jackie Collins  (author, Hollywood Wives): "I think it\'s going to be Julia. She\'s great in that movie. I think the competition ', 'happening, and it\'s part of the old Hollywood that\'s gone." Concentrate on Acting, Not the Clothes Author  Jackie Collins  says, "I think it\'s so hilarious that the whole Oscars has become like a fashion show; they should be concentrating ', 'to win. I think Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon is right up there for Best Picture. And everybody loves Julia."  Jackie Collins  (author, Hollywood Wives): "I think it\'s going to be Julia. She\'s great in that movie. I think the competition ', 'happening, and it\'s part of the old Hollywood that\'s gone." Concentrate on Acting, Not the Clothes Author  Jackie Collins  says, "I think it\'s so hilarious that the whole Oscars has become like a fashion show; they should be concentrating ', 'to win. I think Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon is right up there for Best Picture. And everybody loves Julia."  Jackie Collins  (author, Hollywood Wives): "I think it\'s going to be Julia. She\'s great in that movie. I think the competition ', 'happening, and it\'s part of the old Hollywood that\'s gone." Concentrate on Acting, Not the Clothes Author  Jackie Collins  says, "I think it\'s so hilarious that the whole Oscars has become like a fashion show; they should be concentrating ', "years ago probably they're from tell us what I'm.  Jackie Collins  thanks very much of conscience and humans talking you. You can read an of  Jackie Collins  is new book on our website at abcnews.com we still ", "minor twenty years ago -- probably they're from tell us what I'm. Jackie Collins thanks very much -- of conscience and -- humans talking -- you. You can read an -- of Jackie Collins is new book on our website at abcnews.com we still can play the title. ", 'Our next guest is a living legend author  Jackie Collins  has published 27 New York Times best sellers. And fantastic and I wish you all the continued success  Jackie Collins  thank you so on the it was my present.', 'Our next guest is a living legend author Jackie Collins has published 27 New York Times best sellers. And sold more than 400 million copies of her books in forty different countries. ', 'having -- sounds fantastic and I wish you all the continued success Jackie Collins thank you so -- on the it was my present. ']