['department store Harrods and recently paid the highest sum ever for a work of art when they dropped $250 million on  Paul Cezanne \'s "The Card Players." VIRGIN AIR NEWS -LIGHTNING STRIKES JET WING...A Virgin Air passenger flying from Sydney ', 'been recovered. "View of Auvers-sur-Oise" by  Paul Cezanne  While most of the world celebrated the new millenium the Ashmolean Museum in Oxford, England, and stole  Paul Cezanne \'s "View of Auvers-sur-Oise," valued at nearly ', 'Authorities have not identified the painting, but Serbian media reports that it is "Boy In A Red Waistcoat" by  Paul Cezanne . The masterpiece was taken from Zurich gallery Emil Georg Buehrle, a private collection founded by a World War II ', 'hangs prominently on a wall all to itself. Other familiar works include J.M.W. Turner\'s "The Storm," and  Paul Cezanne \'s "The Francois Zola Dam." The gallery is laid out in a typical arrangement: white walls, polished wood floors ', "Philadelphia is hosting a series of major museum shows this year, showcasing works ranging from the Impressionist art of  Paul Cezanne  to the drawings of beloved children's author Maurice Sendak. Galileo, The Medici and The Age of Astronomy will be ", 'police said Monday. Zurich police said the robbery took place Sunday. Also among the works stolen were oil paintings by  Paul Cezanne  and Edgar Degas. Police called the heist a "spectacular art robbery," but did not identify the museum, saying only ', 'released its top 10 list of the worst art crime thefts to track down paintings like Edvard Munch\'s "The Scream,"  Paul Cezanne \'s "View of Auvers-sur-Oise" and thousands of Iraqi artifacts. "Disseminating information about these crimes ', 'from the Phillips Collection. It would feature 20 to 30 pieces by several artists, including Picasso, Edgar Degas,  Paul Cezanne  and Claude Monet, said Lynn Rossotti, spokeswoman for the Phillips Collection. It could open later this year. The ', "Congress's budget power to put limits on the president's troop surge. Congress cannot however. Continue to fund. Failing  Paul Cezanne  failing. Cottages. During testimony secretary of state Condoleezza Rice made an announcement signaling change. That ", "on the president's troop surge. Congress cannot however. Continue to fund. Failing Paul Cezanne failing. Cottages. During testimony secretary of state Condoleezza Rice made an announcement signaling change. That in March Iran Syria and the US "]