["Sarah Palin  may be able to see Russia as a backdrop, TLC's  Sarah Palin 's Alaska (9 p.m. ET following a day in the life of  Sarah Palin , only it would be extended hidden contempt for author  Joe McGinniss , whose pixilated image ", 'Too Close for Comfort? Author Penning Sarah Palin  Expose Moves Next Door to Her', 'The fences in  Sarah Palin \'s Wasilla, Alaska investigative reporter  Joe McGinniss  , who has written critically McGinniss. "Yes, that  Joe McGinniss . Here he is about 15 tentatively titled "  Sarah Palin  \'s Year of Living Dangerously ', 'More political news this morning  Sarah Palin  is now threatening legal action in response to that recent and very unflattering book about earner family. The road by Joseph ', 'More political news this morning Sarah Palin is now threatening legal action in response to that recent and very unflattering book about earner family. The road by Joseph mcginnis ', 'That and the like diet well I heard about the status as  Joe McGinniss  is about balance coming up apparently according to Jeff mcinnis. Palin had a one night stand back in 1987. With  Glen Rice  who is now lower but was back then University of Michigan ', 'That and the like diet well I heard about the status as Joe McGinniss is about balance coming up apparently according to Jeff mcinnis. Palin had a one night stand back in 1987. With Glen Rice who is now lower -- but was back then -- University of Michigan star and married and expected tumbled below yeah I ', "you've got to us tonight about  Sarah Palin  of that headline making book ABC news has learned that sailor  Sarah Palin  is threatening to assume random house and author  Joe McGinniss . Over that salacious book mcinnis ", "keep coming those questions and you've got to -- us tonight about Sarah Palin of that headline making book. That's right ABC news has learned that sailor Sarah Palin is threatening to assume random house and author Joe McGinniss . Over that salacious book mcinnis wrote about Palin and her family. In a letter obtained by ABC news right here pale as ", "a boat sailing past  Sarah Palin 's Wasilla Alaska home neighbor is all third  Joe McGinniss  who was written critically man accused beating  Sarah Palin 's privacy claim we is tentatively titled  Sarah Palin 's year of living dangerously ", "event yesterday it is. Looking -- the new neighbor is all third Joe McGinniss who was written critically of Palin in the past and who rented her neighbor's house so we could write a book about paying one. But when we knocked on his door to chat the man accused -- beating Sarah Palin's privacy claim -- we were invading hits. That He joke since -- the question about it what was. He's about as fast "]