["father. Meantime, former  prosecutor jeff ashton  reportedly now says, quote a huge piece of evidence.  Casey anthony  could confess and it wouldn't find it there, to convict  casey anthony . I don't think that this ", "would have called into question the testimony of anthony's father. Meantime, former prosecutor jeff ashton reportedly now says, quote, ashame that he didn't have the evidence. We'll talk to dan abrams about all of this. It may be a shame that the prosecutors didn't -- ashame, it's a huge piece of evidence. Casey anthony could confess and it wouldn't change anything. She could come forward and say, here's how I did it, here's why I did ", "a reasonable doubt, if you wanted to find it there, to convict casey anthony . I don't think that this particular piece of evidence would have changed this particular jury's mind. Such a high-profile case, how do ", "one coming up, prosecuting  casey anthony . Tell us that. If you're the book, written by the  prosecutor ,  jeff ashton . And it's a look at how whole truth. You're the  prosecutor ,  jeff ashton  there. They were surprised ", "a big story we did here. And this one coming up, prosecuting casey anthony . Tell us that. If you're a news junkie like I am, you couldn't avoid that story. And I figured I knew what the verdict was going to be. And when the verdict came down, I was really surprised. So, when it came to me with this amazing script, based on the book, written by the prosecutor , jeff ashton . And it's a look at how something can turn out so differently than the entire country expected. Everybody was surprised. What happened ", 'The  prosecutor  in this case has attempted to. Narrow Even after sending a witness to  prosecutor Jeff Ashton  office. On announced on Sunday for presentation of case. Because. A  prosecutor  decides. On zone. Without assistance ', "The prosecutor in this case has attempted to. Narrow the scope. Of neat testimony. Of these expert witnesses by intentionally. Refusing to take their depositions. By has started the day by defending himself. He's facing possible sanctions for not disclosing what his witnesses will testify to on the stand. But He blamed the state. Even after sending a witness to prosecutor Jeff Ashton office. On announced on Sunday for an impromptu deposition I think it is they severest. Due process violation. To try and limit our testimony. Limit our presentation of case. Because. A prosecutor decides. On -- zone. Without assistance or acknowledgment from the port. To omit his professional responsibility. Judge Perry was not buying it ", "prosecutors were angry they didn't show with lead attorney  Jeff Ashton . Says He is retiring at the that we it was a victory heard his colleagues talk every day about how guilty  Casey Anthony  ones but As they head back home the rest of us are ", 'jury selection. He heard his colleagues talk every day about how guilty Casey Anthony ones but -- As they head back home the rest of us are left to wonder that they believe the defense. Where ']