['For the past 12 years Miguel Macias has been replicating the Sistine Chapel in his Mexican hometown.', "Above the  Sistine Chapel  the smoke is back. Of the  Sistine Chapel  after morning In front the  Michelangelo 's  last judgment . East Harlem back into the  Sistine Chapel  were all cardinals bells of the  basilica  all of them ", "place in Amman and current -- chalice. In front the -- -- Michelangelo's last judgment East Harlem Mexico swearing that he has decided this good conscience on knowing that you be touched by the lower court. I'm ", "Iowa. He is story of  Michelangelo  keen eye and a lot ABC's bill Blakemore.  Michelangelo 's great  Sistine Chapel  is one of the most year old spray paint  artist  living in Waterloo completing when it took  Michelangelo  for years to create ", "remarkable 27 year old living in Iowa. He is -- story of Michelangelo keen eye and a lot of spray paint spray paint. Here's ABC's bill Blakemore. Michelangelo's great Sistine Chapel is one of the most intricate artistic achievements in the world -- -- closely. One of these is a replica done with cans of spray paint. -- -- originally from Bosnia just 27 year old spray paint artist living in Waterloo Iowa. After only four months he's on the verge of completing when it took Michelangelo for years to create. -- -- It was six. -- This -- morning. -- -- spent his family's savings to buy a ", "chimney on top of the  sistine chapel  just moments ago. You the chimney atop the  sistine chapel . The second and third electors filed into the  sistine chapel  and one by one took the oath of secrecy beneath  michelangelo 's iconic frescos ", "few hours earlier when each of the cardinal electors filed into the sistine chapel and one by one took the oath of secrecy beneath michelangelo's iconic frescos. The enormity of the moment and setting wasn't lost on cardinal timothy dolan of new york who seemed noticeably in ", "Peter's  basilica . The swiss conclave. Abc's  david  wright tells file into the  sistine chapel  and lock the happen in the  sistine chapel , where the creaming is  michelangelo 's masterpiece whispering.  David  wright, abc ", "to let the holy spirit in. Not going to happen in the sistine chapel , where the creaming is michelangelo's masterpiece. These days, the cardinals have rooms in a vatican guest house, but they're still cut off from the outside world for ", 'the halls of the  sistine chapel . The history of the doors to the  sistine chapel  are locked -- an the watchful eye of  michelangelo \'s " last judgment ," cast their votes right back inside the  sistine chapel  and made the cardinals ', 'time, they walk to the altar, and under the watchful eye of michelangelo\'s " last judgment cast their votes. Three cardinals do the counting. Thenthose ballots are ruined, -- burned, never to be seen again. Even in thn ', "be destroyed. Abc's  david  wright. Reporter: The square itself. This is your  sistine chapel  this ring? Benedict can vatican museum. Just like  michelangelo 's masterpiece. Our thanks to  david  again tonight.", "again. Reporter: He hopes the ring in the vatican museum. Just like michelangelo's masterpiece. Our thanks to david again tonight. ", "for this church. Saint Peter's  basilica  shown in all its Renaissance splendor sunlight. But in the nearly 400 years  Michelangelo 's great dome is towered over this date where they will go into the  Sistine Chapel  in conclave. Lock the door behind ", "and at times something very different for this church. -- Saint Peter's basilica shown in all its Renaissance splendor in the Roman sunlight. But in the nearly 400 years Michelangelo's great dome is towered over this city nothing like today had ever happened. The cardinals gathered in the -- common Tina the ", "church. Saint Peter's  basilica  shown in all its Renaissance the nearly 400 years  Michelangelo 's great dome towered they will go into the  Sistine Chapel  in conclave. The door puff of smoke over the  Sistine Chapel  Terry thanks to you ", "and at times something very different for this church. -- Saint Peter's basilica shown in all its Renaissance splendor in the Roman sunlight. But in the nearly 400 years Michelangelo's great dome -- towered over this city nothing like today had ever happened. The cardinals gathered in the -- -- Tina the ", "over saint Peter's  basilica  almost as if god himself Pauline chapel. The  Sistine Chapel  where  Michelangelo 's frescoes and their that chimney atop the  Sistine Chapel . The smoke signals they'll go back into the  Sistine Chapel . To try again.", "Cardinals who will choose the next Pope. Left the Pauline chapel. The Sistine Chapel where Michelangelo's frescoes and their awesome responsibility. Awaited. A scene of such splendor where millions come to gaze up in wonder each year now ", "over saint Peter's  basilica  promises of god himself Pauline chapel. The  Sistine Chapel  where  Michelangelo 's frescoes and their that chimney atop the  Sistine Chapel . The smoke signals they'll go back into the  Sistine Chapel . To try again Hope ", "Cardinals who will choose the next Pope. Left the Pauline chapel. The Sistine Chapel where Michelangelo's frescoes and their awesome responsibility. Awaited. A scene of such splendor where millions come to gaze up in wonder each year now ", "on the balcony of saint Peter's  basilica  Joseph Ratzinger becoming Benedict will gather in room. Enter the  Sistine Chapel  in formal procession with its magnificent  Michelangelo 's frescoes soaring above them ", "the cardinals of the Catholic Church will gather in room. Enter the Sistine Chapel in formal procession with its magnificent Michelangelo's frescoes soaring above them. And take their places lock the door behind them and pick the next Pope. It is an ancient ", "and the boys she'll meet. First up, that naked  michelangelo statue  of  david . Are you excited to see  david ?  David ?  David , the  statue  of  david . Oh, good one ", "her new life and the boys she'll meet. First up, that naked michelangelo statue of david Are you excited to see david David David , the statue of david Oh, good one. Well, dude, I swear to god. I don't know what it is about people who think that guys are ", "eyes, inside the walls of the  sistine chapel . Tonight, crews have installed gingerly climbed on the roof of the  sistine chapel  installing the chimney the whole considering the ceiling below is the  michelangelo 's masterpiece. Are they eager ", "the world's eyes, inside the walls of the sistine chapel . Tonight, crews have installed that famous chimney, the smoke will reveal a lot. Black smoke means no compromise. White smoke means at least two-thirds agreed on the new pope. Reading those signals hasn't always been easy. Reporter: Today, a pair of firefighters gingerly climbed on the roof of the sistine chapel installing the chimney the whole world will be watching. Delg kate work considering the ceiling below is the michelangelo's masterpiece. Are they eager to get going? It depends on which cardinal that you talk to. Repor ALL INDICATIONS Are they're not ", "Michelangelo  work for years to create the its for centuries like stand think you're saint Peter's  basilica . Because you'll dollar and crucified compassion. Will probably early works what  Michelangelo  finished in fifty. is magnificent pieces ", "Michelangelo work for years to create the -- -- its -- for centuries as one of the world's great works of art and love. It is taken only a single moment of madness to destroy. -- -- -- -- Remarkable places ever for the carved from marble like stand -- think you're -- -- saint Peter's basilica . Because you'll -- dollar and crucified Christ Motorola's -- -- The day with a well -- -- immigrants who Australia wielding a sledgehammer. Those the last -- below normal political know we're greatly damaged. The figure of Jesus was untouched. And -- -- -- -- says He was Jesus Christ. -- which will be commercially for the compassion. Will probably early works what Michelangelo finished in fifty. -- is -- magnificent pieces it's considered along the best. Pope Paul who was ordered that the -- but ", "that's when the conclave begins with some ceremony. Typically in modern times com claims have taken in the  Sistine Chapel  under  Michelangelo 's beautiful. Paintings typically taken to three for five days. Not likely necessarily that it would go ", "some ceremony. Typically in modern times com claims have taken in the Sistine Chapel under Michelangelo's beautiful. Paintings -- typically taken to three for five days. Not likely necessarily that it would go much longer than that but ", "it's a milestone for  michelangelo . 500 years ago today, he completed this. The  sistine chapel . Pope benedict marketed ii who commissioned  michelangelo  to paint it. As we know, on his back. But  michelangelo  didn't want the job ", "As we said, it's a milestone for michelangelo . 500 years ago today, he completed this. The sistine chapel . Pope benedict marketed the occasion at the vatican. It was pope julius ii who commissioned michelangelo to paint it. As we know, on his back. But michelangelo didn't want the job. He said it was so time consuming, they thought it was a conspiracy by his enemies to keep ", "Sistine secrets  Michelangelo 's forbidden start with  Michelangelo  the contention ceiling in the  Sistine Chapel . He went himself a  painter . Want to is. That  Michelangelo . Allowing number that  Michelangelo  depicted one ", "Well -- the claim of a new book called the Sistine secrets Michelangelo's forbidden messages in the heart of the Vatican. And joining me is one of the co authors of the book rabbi Benjamin black rob Bartlett welcome to -- and that's how much pleasure. But let's start with Michelangelo the contention in the book is that He was angry at the Pope Julius the second. Where there are well known very well known and that. One of the reasons he's angry is because He -- to carve the tomb of Julius the second and Julius and knicks is that it makes him paint the ceiling in the Sistine Chapel . He went to the color He was a sculptor never considered himself a painter . Want to do that but she didn't say notable chooses right and you see is also angry at the hypocrisy of the ", "Specter's thank you. Once again the book is called the Sistine secrets Michelangelo's forbidden messages in the heart and. -- ", 'to the greatest Renaissance  artist . In history but if  Michelangelo  is in the  Sistine Chapel  and he finished and somebody pain and paying themselves  Sistine Chapel  sucked indefinitely it was ', "analogy -- in no way to. Compare ourselves to the greatest Renaissance artist . In history but if Michelangelo is -- in the Sistine Chapel and he finished and somebody said you know the post said keep going. You know more and he had to keep pain and pain and paying themselves Sistine Chapel sucked indefinitely it was a pretty good. It's good idea he was he's the only bad news don't -- and I -- ", "work. And the  Michelangelo . Of Waterloo ceiling. Of the  Sistine Chapel . With spray is story of  Michelangelo  keen and a lot Blakemore.  Michelangelo 's great  Sistine Chapel  is one of the spray paint  artist  living in Waterloo ", "remarkable 27 year old living in Iowa. He is -- story of Michelangelo keen -- and a lot. Of spray -- Spray -- Here's ABC's bill Blakemore. Michelangelo's great Sistine Chapel is one of the most intricate artistic achievements in the world -- -- One of these is a replica done with cans of spray paint. -- Originally from Bosnia -- 27 year old spray paint artist living in Waterloo Iowa. After only four months he's on the verge of completing when it took Michelangelo for years to create. There -- It was six. -- This -- morning. -- -- had spent his family's savings to buy "]