['medals for arts and humanities, President Obama yesterday highlighted the cultural importance of the literary work of  Joan Didion , the rhythm and blues of Allen Toussaint, and, of course, the cool special effects of "Star Wars," ABC\'s MARY ', 'highlighted the cultural importance of the literary work of  Joan Didion , the rhythm and blues of Allen Toussaint, and, of Bowen Jill Ker Conway Natalie Zemon Davis Frank Deford  Joan Didion  Robert Putnam Marilynne Robinson Kay Ryan Robert B. Silvers ', 'recipients like George Lucas of Star Wars fame and a dozen National Humanities Medal winners like Vergara and writer  Joan Didion , challenge us to think. "They help us understand what it means to be human and to be American," President Obama ', 'press as a "wolfpack" known for "wilding" --- seemed to fit the bill for many in a divided New York. Essayist  Joan Didion  argued in a reflection on the case in 1991, long before the exoneration of the Central Park Five, that the crime embodied ', 'adopted daughter of writer  Joan Didion , had frequent nightmares daughter in the memoir " Blue Nights ." Quintana died of Both bestsellers , " Blue Nights " and "Steve Jobs mother\'s account in " Blue Nights ." When her beautiful ', 'about how she has coped with his death. After he died, Williams said she was comforted by reading " The Year of Magical Thinking " by  Joan Didion , a book written about Didion\'s difficulty in letting go of her husband, John Gregory Dunne, in ', 'help grieving spouses. In fact, it is normal -- a kind of "magical thinking."  Joan Didion  coined the term in her 2005 memoir, " The Year of Magical Thinking ," about the death of her husband John Gregory Dunne. In the days after Dunne collapsed ', 'Not surprisingly, six months after Ledger\'s death , the grief-stricken Williams turned to  Joan Didion \'s " The Year of Magical Thinking ." "I just don\'t see the upside to this," she says. "You console yourself by saying it\'s ', "The last line is something I can quote by heart. Look it up for yourself. I also love Slouching Towards Bethlehem by  Joan Didion . It's a collection of essays, not fiction, and the precision of her writing and her unfailing eye for observation ", 'so what is his experience of love? We also sat down for a candid conversation with author  Joan Didion , whose book, " The Year of Magical Thinking " recounted her life following the death of her husband, John. The two lived and worked together ']