['Dali\'s Sleep" "Paul Gauguin\'s Tahitian Women (On the Beach)" "Goya\'s The 3rd of May, 1808? " Leonardo da Vinci \'s  Mona Lisa " "Matisse\'s La Danse" "Vincent Van Gogh Starry Night" To see more of Tammam Azzam\'s work, visit ', '11:15 a.m. ET Early \' Mona Lisa \' What is being touted as an earlier version of  Leonardo da Vinci \'s famous " Mona Lisa " painting is to be shown in Geneva today, according to the  Mona Lisa  Foundation . The foundation ', "Getty Images) The  Mona Lisa : It's one of in the world.  Leonardo da Vinci 's masterpiece true original  Mona Lisa  that was painted until now. The  Mona Lisa  Foundation, which director of the  Leonardo da Vinci  Museum in Vinci ", "Images The bones of  Mona Lisa , the woman who posed for  Leonardo da Vinci 's famous masterpiece believed to be  Mona Lisa , according to are hopeful the  Mona Lisa 's remains may Getty Images  Da Vinci 's famous painting ", "a forgery more than a decade ago. - MONA LISA 'S BONES DISCOVERED?...Archaeologists woman believed to be the subject of the  Mona Lisa . A skeleton buried beneath the floor Lisa Gherardini, who many think was  Leonardo da Vinci 's muse. GREENLAND: WHY THE ICE BROKE ", 'long-lost painting by  Leonardo Da Vinci , and may have located its search to find  Da Vinci \'s lost masterpiece in the paint that  Da Vinci  used when he painted the " Mona Lisa " and "St. John the organic paint  Da Vinci  used on his frescoes ', 'off guard, spontaneous, unrehearsed-the only game-hide to capture the natural qualities.  Da Vinci  had his  Mona Lisa , I got it in my  Mona Lisa  smile." Herman Leonard : "It was early 1948 at the Royal Roost in New York. An afternoon rehearsal ', 'background of the  Mona Lisa , after turning faces in history -  Mona Lisa . Piccirillo argues be seen around  Mona Lisa \'s head and a Piccirillo to  Leonardo da Vinci \'s journals and mention the " Mona Lisa " specifically ', "Lovers of the famous  Leonardo da Vinci  masterpiece  Mona Lisa  have been wondering about secret initial signature by  Leonardo da Vinci . It's the right eye, however discover the truth about the  Mona Lisa , even if it means exhuming ", "paintings from the Isabella Stewart Gardner Museum in Boston in 1990 , and the most famous to be the removal of Leonard  da Vinci 's  Mona Lisa  from the Louvre in 1911. ABC's Ammu Kannampilly, Jean-Nicholas Fievet and The Associated Press contributed ", "Leonardo da Vinci 's  Mona Lisa  is arguably the suggesting that the  Mona Lisa  may be a self-portrait,  da Vinci  in drag. Italy's want to rebuild  da Vinci 's face. Will the mysterious  Mona Lisa ? Jason Rosenfeld ", 'picture the hand of  Leonardo da Vinci  -- dubbed by many the man behind the " Mona Lisa ," "Vitruvian Man match one on another  da Vinci  painting of St. Jerome with  da Vinci . Same  da Vinci  Style as " Mona Lisa " But perhaps most ', "Now, to the real-life  da VINCI  CODE. Could the  mona lisa  have a younger, fresher-looking twin also painted by  leonardo da VINCI ? The second painting leonardo. Reporter:  Leonardo da vinci  painted  mona lisa  in the early 1500s. There's ", "Now, to the real-life da VINCI CODE. Could the mona lisa have a younger, fresher-looking twin also painted by leonardo da VINCI The second painting has been hidden in a vault for half a century. And she's now being revealed to the world this ", 'owners of a swiss consortium claims that she, too, is a real da VINCI It\'s more than a matter of money. People want to believe these things. Isn\'t it more fun and interesting and exciting to believe that this is by leonardo. Reporter: Leonardo da vinci painted mona lisa in the early 1500s. There\'s a lot of old copies out there because at the time it was common to duplicate popular paintings. The eyes of the new mona, younger and more smiley, surfaced in 1914, here in london, discovered by an art dealer. It was bought by henry pulitzer who spent his life he owned a da VINCI But leonardo painted on wood. The other mona is on canvas. Leonardo worked on panel. And the fact this painting is on canvas, to me makes it suspects. Reporter: It\'s fun to speculate. But science is to advanced now, that a lab can determine a painting\'s age. An independent analysis c tell us if mona lisa has a twin or just an admiring copy. For "good morning america," jeffr jeffrey kofman, abc news, london. We\'ll have to wait ', "actually be a copy?  Mona lisa ,  da vinci 's mysterious masterpiece world now has a twin?  Mona lisa  -- leonardo's earlier version of this. A younger  mona lisa . Note the perkier smile suspect of this wannabe  da vinci . A second  mona lisa", 'And finally tonight, could a priceless painting actually be a copy? Mona lisa , da vinci\'s mysterious masterpiece is now being challenged by a younger rival. Her owners, of course, have millions of reasons to believe their painting is the original. So, abc\'s jeffrey kofman takes a close look so you can decide for yourself. Reporter: Could it be? The most famous painting in the world now has a twin? Mona lisa -- leonardo\'s earlier version. Reporter: That\'s what the owners of the so-called isleworth mona lisa told the world today. Hidden in a swiss bank vault for almost half a century, it emerged accompanied by a stack of "evidence" meant to prove that this was day v vinci\'s first version of this. A younger mona lisa . Note the perkier smile. There are a lot of reasons to be suspect of this wannabe da vinci . A second mona lisa ? There are a lot of reasons to be suspect. One of them? It only surfaced here in 1914. There is no record ', "Scientists in Italy believe they may have turned up the remains of Da is  Mona Lisa  the skeleton was discovered in Florence beneath the medieval Condit. It's believed the woman opposed the painting was the wife of rich Florentine merchant. Husband died she became a not dying 1542.", "believe they may have turned up the remains of Da -- is Mona Lisa -- the skeleton was discovered in Florence beneath the medieval Condit. It's believed the woman -- opposed the painting was the wife ", "familiar. If you've seen the first  Mona Lisa  of art experts who make their of what's called the worth.  Mona Lisa  they say that it was painted by  Leonardo Da Vinci  about ten years before the  Mona Lisa  we all know. And it is a painting ", "course in fact it's all too familiar. If you've seen the first Mona Lisa -- -- of art experts who make their case today for the authenticity of what's called the -- worth. Mona Lisa they say that it was painted by Leonardo Da Vinci about ten years before the Mona Lisa we all know. And it is a painting of the same woman slightly younger that same small. ", 'have names you. The  Mona Lisa  for centuries she is than 500 years after  Leonardo Da Vinci  painted it it remains who may have inspired  Mona Lisa . So this is professor building where he believes  Mona Lisa  was buried. So what ', "Moon. These moment. Men have names you. The Mona Lisa for centuries she is held many mysteries -- that small smile she wears so well. But now we may have learned just who she was. Here's ABC's David Wright. We're here in Florence birthplace of the Renaissance to discuss what else art. The most famous painting of the world more than 500 years after Leonardo Da Vinci painted it it remains to some extent a mystery. But an amateur historian here in Florence has added exciting new details. About the woman who may have inspired Mona Lisa So this is professor just have -- -- -- high school teacher here in Florence and he's been telling me that it was on this street. At least -- guaranteeing yes removed when she was fifteen years don't -- -- would -- have lived. And then she -- -- that probably in these bid being all right here yes I suppose. Senior -- also took me to the abandoned building where he believes Mona Lisa was buried. So what do we know about Mona Lisa -- -- -- and she was the wife of a wealthy merchant she lived until she was 63 years old and was ", 'known to the world  Mona Lisa . And finally have names. The  Mona Lisa  for centuries 500 years after  Leonardo Da Vinci  painted it it have inspired  Mona Lisa . So this is professor where he believes  Mona Lisa  was buried. So ', "Q Nat King Cole. Okay. These -- -- Men have names. The Mona Lisa for centuries she is held many mysteries -- that small smile she wears so well. But now we may have learned just who she was. Here's ABC's David Wright. We're here in Florence birthplace of the Renaissance to discuss what else art. The most famous painting of the world more than 500 years after Leonardo Da Vinci painted it it remains to some extent a mystery. But an amateur historian here in Florence has added exciting new details. About the woman who may have inspired Mona Lisa So this is professor just have -- -- -- high school teacher here in Florence and he's been telling me that it was on this street. At least -- guaranteeing yes -- moved when she was fifteen years don't -- where would -- have lived. And then she -- -- that probably in these bid being all right here yes I suppose. Senior -- -- -- also took me to the abandoned building where he believes Mona Lisa was buried. So what do we know about Mona Lisa -- -- and she was the wife of a wealthy merchant she lived until she was 63 years old and was known ", "pick-pocketing kids bringing the great museums to its knees, targeting the unsuspecting tourists too busy soaking in  leonardo da vinci 's  mona lisa  and the ancient greek statue venus de milo. They're even preying on their staff, who were so fed up they ", "museums to its knees, targeting the unsuspecting tourists too busy soaking in leonardo da vinci's mona lisa and the ancient greek statue venus de milo. They're even preying on their staff, who were so fed up they -- with "]