['paintings from the Rotterdam Kunsthal, including works by Lucian Freud, Paul Gauguin, Henri Matisse, Claude Monet and  Pablo Picasso . Though suspects were arrested in the case, officials had been unable to find the art. Now it appears the works ', 'accused of stealing artwork, including an etching by  Pablo Picasso , from a New York estate where he was hired to work allegedly stealing "Three Graces II," a $10,000  Pablo Picasso  etching. He also allegedly took "Chien" by Jean Dubuffet ', 'instance, who arranged the first American exhibition of  Pablo Picasso \'s work, held at 291 in 1911. He also persuaded Stieglitz whose genius de Zayas had recognized immediately. " Pablo Picasso  ... finds himself in the first rank among innovators ', 'but in several years," he said. Umanets said that he chose the Rothko work after considering defacing others by  Pablo Picasso , Jackson Pollock and Marcel Duchamp. "I went into the Tate with a permanent black marker to inscribe a painting ', "Millionaire Arsonist Who Died in Courtroom Had Canister Labeled 'Cyanide' in His Car", 'Phoenix home also raised suspicions. The divorced father of four clung to his prized possessions: 18 etchings by  Pablo Picasso , which were safe in his Gilbert, Ariz., home at the time of the Phoenix fire. After the investigation, which ', 'Phoenix home also raised suspicions. The divorced father of four clung to his prized possessions: 18 etchings by  Pablo Picasso , which were safe in his Gilbert, Ariz., home at the time of the Phoenix fire. After the investigation, which ', 'Famous People Who Fought Immigration Battles, From John Lennon to Charlie Chaplin', 'perilously close to treason" against the United States. Cain cited a telegram sent by Chaplin to the French artist  Pablo Picasso  concerning the deportation of German composer Hanns Eisler. The message read, "Can you head committee of French ', "Search is on for the who covered one of  Pablo Picasso 's master pieces in spray paint and got away even though at a Houston museum vandalizing in 1929 painting by  Pablo Picasso  woman in a red armchair and contact but he in. Museum ", "Search is on for the -- who covered one of Pablo Picasso's master pieces in spray paint and got away even though the whole crime was captured on cell phone video. -- BC's rob Nelson has the story. -- It. You can see it but you just can't believe it. Look at it again a cell phone. Reports a person at a Houston museum vandalizing in 1929 painting by Pablo Picasso woman in a red armchair and contact but he -- -- in. -- -- -- -- -- -- Museum officials say the ", "doesn't pay ransom. And experts say there is no real black market for stolen art. When mona lisa was stolen in 1911,  pablo picasso  himself was a suspect, but two years later a museum security guard was arrested as he tried to sell the painting to ", 'black market for stolen art. When mona lisa was stolen in 1911, pablo picasso himself was a suspect, but two years later a museum security guard was arrested as he tried to sell the painting to ', 'extraordinary collection of almost three and it works of art by  Pablo Picasso . and then electricians garage for almost forty years his garage for nearly forty years. 271. Works by the  Pablo Picasso  total value nearly eighty million dollars the art world ', 'An extraordinary collection of almost three and it works of art by Pablo Picasso . -- and then electricians garage for almost forty years. -- -- evidence of a sensational art theft or very generous gift from ', "in his garage for nearly forty years. 271. Works by the -- Pablo Picasso total value nearly eighty million dollars the art world and Picasso's son were blown away he was -- -- Do -- motion. ", "following a developing story five masterpieces have been stolen from the modern museum of art in Paris. Include works by  Pablo Picasso  and communities. Saying today live from London with the latest panel that's Tyson. Good morning manga brazen lack ", "stolen from the modern museum of art in Paris. Include works by Pablo Picasso and communities. Saying today -- -- live from London with the latest panel that's Tyson. Good morning manga brazen lack of -- ", 'her lifelong dream of becoming a recognized artists when one of her drawings was hung next to her favorite painter.  Pablo Picasso  at the Cincinnati art museum. The painting titled I love you captured her giving the picture for everybody else and ', 'when one of her drawings was hung next to her favorite painter. Pablo Picasso at the Cincinnati art museum. The painting titled I love you captured her giving -- the picture -- -- for everybody else ', "Three armed robbers stole two  Pablo Picasso  prints from an art museum in Brazil this was self Paulo's second high profile art theft in less than a year. The thieves also ", "Three armed robbers stole two Pablo Picasso prints from an art museum in Brazil this was self Paulo's second high profile art theft in less than a year. The ", 'bidders an anonymous overseas buyers snapped up the brightly colored abstract still Still that was painted in 1954. By  Pablo Picasso  when He was 73 years old. It was one of forty paintings and drawings He made of that David a seventeen year old neighbor ', 'brightly colored abstract still -- Still that was painted in 1954. By Pablo Picasso when He was 73 years old. It was one of forty paintings and drawings He made of -- that David a seventeen ']