['On the Beach)" "Goya\'s The 3rd of May, 1808? "Leonardo da Vinci\'s Mona Lisa" "Matisse\'s La Danse" " Vincent Van Gogh  Starry Night" To see more of Tammam Azzam\'s work, visit his artist page on the Ayyam Gallery website here : http ', 'to sell about 3,000 artifacts from an anonymous collector. The first auction was a "blockbuster sale," with a  Vincent van Gogh  letter selling for $336,000 and a Thomas Jefferson letter that sold for $300,000, according a news release ', 'If you\'ve ever wondered what  Vincent Van Gogh  would look like in person rather very funny to make a portrait of  Vincent Van Gogh ." ALSO READ: Tadeo Cern\'s that I really took a picture of  Vincent Van Gogh . "People ask me if I\'m going ', 'characters. You really have to love it," said Starling. Her latest character in the works is a human-recreation of  Vincent Van Gogh \'s "Starry Night." But she\'s also transformed herself into Winifred Sanderson, the witch played by Bette Midler ', 'A re-creation of  Vincent Van Gogh \'s famed painting "Starry Night" in dominoes has brought attention to domino expert FlippyCat, who uploads time-lapse videos ', 'stolen. "Poppy Flowers" by  Vincent van Gogh  "Poppy Flowers," a small painting by  Vincent van Gogh  is worth a considerably large the Sea at Scheveningen" by  Vincent Van Gogh  Van Gogh\'s famous painting ', 'down on the ground. They stole "Boy" and three other paintings during the heist. Two works by Claude Monet and  Vincent Van Gogh  were recovered a few days later, but the Cezanne and another work by Edgar Degas had not been retrieved. "There ', ' Superstock/Getty Images Experts have said for more than 100 years that post-impressionist painter  Vincent van Gogh  walked to a wheat field on July 27, 1890, shot himself in the chest with a pistol, then died two days later in his room at the ', 'iconic 14,692-feet Matterhorn is a favorite destination for alpinists from around the world. VAN GOGH WAS SHOT?  Vincent Van Gogh  did not kill himself , the authors of new biography Van Gogh: The Life have claimed. The BBC reports that that contrary ', 'Hemingway, William Faulkner, Mark Twain, Herman Melville and Edgar Allen Poe, artists Andrew Wyeth, Pablo Picasso and  Vincent Van Gogh , digital design giants Steve Jobs and Bill Gates -- all self-educated after their mid-teens with little if any ', 'studying the Mona Lisa\'s famous smile. But other notable works of art include Botticelli\'s "Birth of Venus" and  Vincent Van Gogh \'s "Starry Night." Google Art Project includes 486 artists from around the world. Museum Directors Hope Project ', 'The life and death of Vincent a bank gulf has been immortalized in books films And television. His expressive emotional paintings ever associated with his expressive emotional character. Both of world famous. The of bank golf is well that. conflict is if He suffered from erratic behavior that He']