['Alabama athletics director Mal Moore announced Wednesday he will resign effective immediately due to recent health concerns.Moore, who has served as the Crimson Tide...', "Alabama AD Mal Moore's mostly Crimson career includes brief stint as Notre Dame assistant", "Mal Moore's career has been intertwined with Bear Bryant, Nick Saban and Alabama football.The Crimson Tide athletic director also worked for another member of colleg...", 'GasBuddy.com Senior Petroleum Analyst Patrick Deehan on the impact of the gas shortage after the hurricane.', "Alabama coach Nick Saban says he's not much for comedies. He prefers his movies to have a message, and part of his routine for getting his players ready to play in a...", "'73 Sugar Bowl: In turbulent times, Notre Dame-Alabama played epic game that lived up the hype", 'Ara Parseghian still remembers every little detail of that dreary night in New Orleans nearly four decades ago, when two titans of college football met for the first...', 'The coach no longer wears houndstooth. The result is the same. Another Alabama dynasty.Quieting the Irish by the first play of the second quarter, Eddie Lacy, AJ McC...', 'Who has won the most national titles in college football? Depends on who does the counting', 'Quick, name the college football team that has won the most national championships. Alabama? Notre Dame? Princeton?If you gave any of those answers, and maybe a few ...', 'Chris Ault, the only active FBS head coach currently enshrined in the College Football Hall of Fame, announced his retirement after a 28-year tenure at Nevada on Fri...', 'A.J. McCarron finished 15-of-21 for 216 yards and four touchdowns, as No. 2 Alabama racked up 42 first-half points en route to a 49-0 demolition of rival Auburn in t...', "No. 13 South Carolina's Spurrier becomes school's wins leader, Gamecocks beat No. 12 Clemson", 'South Carolina defensive end Jadeveon Clowney gave Clemson even more to worry about a short time after he finished demolishing the Tigers on the field."I don\'t know ...', 'Alabama\'s Saban doesn\'t buy into any comparisons to Bear Bryant , "the greatest coach ever"', 'Alabama coach Nick Saban isn\'t interested in comparisons to Bear Bryant.Speaking at Southeastern Conference media days Thursday, Saban says he sees no reason "anybod...', "Penn State amended the contract of head football coach Bill O'Brien on Thursday, with the 2012 Bear Bryant Award recipient receiving a pay raise of nearly $1 million...", "Mount Union's Kehres needs win Saturday to pass Bear Bryant  for 4th on career victory list", 'Heisman Trophy winners Vinny Testaverde of Miami-Florida, Ron Dayne of Wisconsin and Danny Wuerffel of Florida highlight the 2013 Football Bowl Subdivision class for...', "The CFL (that's Canadian Football League to you and me) generally doesn't get much press down here in the United States, but over the weekend it managed to wake up m...", 'Alabama hires former Crimson Tide star, businessman Bill Battle as athletic director', 'Bill Battle was cutting trees downed in a recent storm on his suburban Atlanta farm when alma mater Alabama called a couple of weeks ago.Now, the former Crimson Tide...', 'The university of Alabama says that former athletic director Mal Moore has died.The school says the 73-year-old Moore died on Saturday at Duke University Medical Cen...']