["Nick Saban didn't so much as raise his voice. The trademark scowl never made even a cameo appearance.Sure seems as if No. 1 Alabama's top ranking and elephant-sized ...", 'Showdowns: Week 2 of college football season packed with mega-matchups of big-time programs', "JoePa visits the Bear's house. The 'Canes blow into the Horseshoe for a rematch of the 2002 national championship game. Florida State's first big game post-Bowden ta...", 'Alabama-Penn State renew rivalry that has produced more than a few memorable games', "Barrett Jones was 5 months, 2 days old the last time Alabama and Penn State played.He doesn't remember the game, but the top-ranked Crimson Tide's guard has become f...", 'The renewal of the Penn State-Alabama rivalry turned out to be more a show of force by Trent Richardson and the Crimson Tide than another classic matchup between sto...', "Top-ranked Tide won't get caught napping at Duke, while Blue Devils want 'Bama's best shot", "They're used to hosting top-ranked teams and defending national champions at Duke.Just not in football.A rare visit from No. 1 Alabama on Saturday gives the historic...", "Heisman winner Ingram's 151 yards, 2 TDs in season debut lead No. 1 'Bama past Duke, 62-13", "Mark Ingram took his first handoff of the year and darted nearly 50 yards. Later, he went the other direction and dashed another 50.Last year's Heisman Trophy winner...", 'Locke runs for career-high 166 yards as Kentucky stays perfect with 47-10 romp over Akron', 'Derrick Locke ran for a career-high 166 yards and two touchdowns to lead Kentucky past Akron 47-10 on Saturday night.Mike Hartline passed for 250 yards and two score...', 'Off to a slow start, Big East teams aim for a few big victories against ranked foes', 'The Big East could use a few big wins this week.The conference that always seems to be trying to fend off critics and prove it deserves to be a BCS automatic qualifi...', 'Newton accounts for 5 TDs to rally No. 17 Auburn past No. 12 South Carolina, 35-27', "Cam Newton and No. 17 Auburn are hard to stop once they get going.The Tigers' 250-pound quarterback rushed for 176 yards and three touchdowns and passed for two more...", 'Florida State coach Bobby Bowden will end his 44-year coaching career after the Seminoles play in a bowl game.Bowden will retire as the second winningest coach in ma...', 'Why are American food manufacturers concerned that they may run out of the sweet stuff? Check out the full hour of FOXBusiness.com LIVE today.', 'Broadway Joe was back on campus, finally getting a diploma to go with his football accolades.Joe Namath, who won a national championship with the Crimson Tide in 196...', 'Eddie Robinson , who sent more than 200 players to the NFL and won 408 games during a 57-year career, has died.He was 88.Super Bowl MVP quarterback Doug Williams , o...', '1969 was the year that the New York Jets won the Super Bowl--Super Bowl III, to be exact. That 16-7 victory over the Baltimore Colts put the upstart American Footbal...', "Even though he's only 37 and in good health, Nathan Davis has already made out his will. In it, he bequeaths money to the University of Alabama athletic department a..."]