['museum masterpieces.  Rembrandt  Vermeer Monday all vanished message. This tiny stolen  Rembrandt  on top of a newspaper masterpiece. Works by  Rembrandt . Vermeer. Dig up and Gardner. First the  Dutch  room. Where five of thieves grabbed the tiny  Rembrandt  self supposedly the ', 'enormous one half of a billion dollars worth of stolen museum masterpieces. Rembrandt Vermeer Monday all vanished. In the middle of the night fourteen years ago this is a real life -- mystery about rewards ', '-- simple photographs meant to send a powerful message. This tiny stolen Rembrandt on top of a newspaper is still available still being held hostage. What could be an elaborate hoax or an important nuclear. ', 'that has led to an international search for twelve masterpiece. Works by Rembrandt . Vermeer. Dig up and others now estimated to be worth a half billion dollars. To have art of that quality -- it ', 'across the gallery room to one of only 32 known by the  Dutch  master premier. The concert an estimated value as much on the way out of them. The thieves grabbed the tiny  Rembrandt  self portrait supposedly the drawing on the sent to us ', 'gallery room to one of only 32 known -- -- by the Dutch master premier. The concert an estimated value as much as 200 million dollars. -- on the way out of them. The thieves grabbed the tiny Rembrandt self portrait supposedly the drawing on the -- sent to us. Okay. Down the hall they stopped in what is called the ', "the sand with her whip. Can we get a better name than just enough about horse Justin just as bad man I don't know the  Rembrandt . That these studios. Yet out Casilla didn't see anything. Another artist opens it and they would do well in the sand ", "horse Justin just as bad man -- -- I don't know the Rembrandt . That these studios. Yet -- -- out Casilla didn't see anything. Another artist -- opens it and they would do well in ", "place at Boston's Isabella Stewart Gardner Museum back in 199013. Pieces were discovered missing including works of  Rembrandt  and here it is the largest art theft in history.", 'Museum back in 199013. Pieces -- were discovered missing including works of Rembrandt and here it is the largest art theft in history. ', "this book he's also restore. We don't know it's called the office. In this book a  Rembrandt  painting the book is called the  Rembrandt  to fear  Rembrandt  painting goes missing He has to find out who did it and He gets. Involved with some of ", "restore. We don't know it's called the office. In this book a Rembrandt painting the book is called the Rembrandt to fear Rembrandt painting goes missing He has to find out who did it and He gets. Involved with some of Nazi atrocities current terrorism ", 'his associates say Billy young were boast of grabbing a  Rembrandt  and off the walls of the Boston Museum of Fine Arts when worthless somehow able to describe details about the stolen  Rembrandt  sees Details only the museum or the thieves would likely ', 'in fact his associates say Billy young were boast of grabbing a Rembrandt and off the walls of the Boston Museum of Fine Arts when He was a teenager and running out the door and ', "young worthless somehow able to describe -- -- details about the stolen Rembrandt sees -- Details only the museum or the thieves would likely to know what's on the back of the -- -- -- ", "with a very nice this summer break. And very like this a that we would serve here. In the garden is tuna tartar of and  Rembrandt  but it's an elegant. We're gonna start a that topical more easily done it for kids but he's helping. Right as ", "serve here. In the garden is tuna tartar -- of -- and Rembrandt but it's an elegant. -- -- -- We're gonna start -- a -- -- -- -- that -- -- -- -- topical ", 'As we continue the paintings a half a billion dollars worth by the masters  Rembrandt  Vermeer degas are still missing. And now the pressures on the man in the middle are so intense. There is a new twist what would ', 'continue the paintings a half a billion dollars worth by the masters Rembrandt Vermeer degas are still missing. And now the pressures on the man in the middle are so intense. There is a new ', "Yet another bombers are gonna say it and You remain everybody I don't think so much I've are an right OK you know  Rembrandt  group. And ends next that is bottles of its looks so that you are hot tomatoes going don't it's only seven. And ", "much -- I've -- are an -- -- right OK you know Rembrandt group. And ends next that is bottles of its looks so that you are -- -- hot -- tomatoes going -- don't ", "like this called don't often in what they're hoping. You know the information we have is for example twenty you know  Rembrandt  was taken and it was being sold to be sold. For 250000 dollars so discounted 99%. The museum in Brazil admits it did ", 'know the information we have is for example -- twenty you know Rembrandt was taken and it was being sold -- -- to be sold. For 250000 dollars so discounted 99%. The museum in Brazil ', "It's kind of misfired and luckily there were other flashes available that you know the perfect light. On his face what  Rembrandt  have to you know picture. There's a picture in the collection in the John Lennon Ringo Starr still thirty years later ", "that you know -- the perfect light. On his face -- what Rembrandt have to you know picture. There's a picture in the collection in the -- John Lennon Ringo Starr still thirty years later ", "effort. It's kind of misfired and luckily there were other flash is available that you know the perfect On his face what  Rembrandt  have to you know picture. There's a picture in the collection in the John Lennon Ringo Starr still thirty years later ", "that you know -- the perfect -- On his face -- what Rembrandt have to you know picture. There's a picture in the collection in the -- John Lennon Ringo Starr still thirty years later ", "not I was always impressed with her bravery and because I was not a brave kid. We'll be so much are books that I ever  Rembrandt  and these are scary I used to marvel that she could go in the dark with a flashlight the Of the staircase by herself pregnant ", "brave kid. We'll be so much are -- books that I ever Rembrandt and these are scary I used to marvel that she could go in the dark with a flashlight -- the -- -- "]