['official opening of the renovated Rijksmuseum in Amsterdam, Netherlands, April 13, 2013. The Rijksmuseum, home of  Rembrandt \'s "The Night Watch" and other national treasures reopens its doors to the public after a decade-long renovation ', "For  Dutch  artist Diet Wiegman everyday objects have been something to behold Fire, 1985 Shadow Out Of Shadow, 1986 Greedy Consumption, 1993  Dutch  Landscape, 1987  Rembrandt  Illuminated, 2005 To view these and more of Diet Wiegman's light ", 'security guards and then they methodically went through the museum, cutting 13 pieces from their frames, including works by  Rembrandt , Degas and Vermeer. There were no alarms and after 81 minutes, the thieves walked out the door with an estimated ', 'been painted by a student of  Rembrandt  is in fact a self portrait by the  Dutch  master, vastly increasing made "in the style" of  Rembrandt , and likely painted by an according to what we knew then of  Rembrandt \'s style we decided it was ', 'left with 13 masterpieces, including works by Degas and  Rembrandt , valued at a total of $500 million. RELATED: Largest pieces of art were missing, including work by Degas,  Rembrandt , Manet and Vermeer. In May 2012, authorities searched ', 'U.S. District Court in Virginia by  Rembrandt  Social Media, the owner of patents filed by a deceased  Dutch  programmer named Joannes Jozef Everardus that was an early partner of Facebook.  Rembrandt  Social Media is seeking damages, interest ', 'paperwork and data someone is providing, the more suspicious you should be," Rabin says. "And anytime anyone pulls out a  Rembrandt  or a Raphael, you should run." Artvest also developed an educational nonprofit website, ArtInvestmentCouncil.com ', "Bob King/Duluth News Tribune Even if you're not a student of fine art, you've heard of the masters: Picasso.  Rembrandt . Dali. Van Gogh. But have you heard of Anang and Zoosh? Not yet, but you will, because these two river otters ", "Agents Swarm Alleged Gangster's Home , Believed To Be Searching For Art From 1990 St. Patrick's Day Heist", 'stolen more than 20 years ago were works by Degas and  Rembrandt . Authorities conducted a search today on the property pieces of art were missing, including work by Degas,  Rembrandt , Manet and Vermeer. The stunning art heist has produced ', 'from the same museum once before, in 1978, but found two years later in Kuwait. "The Storm on the Sea of Galilee" by  Rembrandt  Rembrant\'s masterpiece "The Storm on the Sea of Galilee" disappeared along with Vermeer\'s "The Concert" in the ', 'every day life and there is no harm done, no foul play and have a good time," she said. "People pay $2 million for a painting -- is that crazy? I love my Cabbage Patches like another person loves a  Rembrandt  or a shiny new car."', 'it can make teeth look weirdly translucent. Maintain results by brushing with a whitening fluoride toothpaste daily.  Rembrandt  Deeply White + Peroxide Fresh Mint Toothpaste ($7, at drugstores) is a dentist favorite. If your stains are more ', 'Someone has a pricey hot.  Rembrandt  on their hands a drawing by  Rembrandt  was stolen from a Southern California Ritz curator was distracted by another guest. That  Rembrandt  with 250000. Dollars.', 'Someone has a pricey hot. Rembrandt on their hands a drawing by Rembrandt was stolen from a Southern California Ritz Carlton on Sunday in what police are quite a very well organized hikes. The painting is if she -- -- the artwork is called the judgment is a quill pen and ink drawing was stolen -- curator was distracted by another guest. That Rembrandt with 250000. Dollars. ', 'museum masterpieces.  Rembrandt  Vermeer Monday all vanished message. This tiny stolen  Rembrandt  on top of a newspaper masterpiece. Works by  Rembrandt . Vermeer. Dig up and Gardner. First the  Dutch  room. Where five of thieves grabbed the tiny  Rembrandt  self supposedly the ', 'enormous one half of a billion dollars worth of stolen museum masterpieces. Rembrandt Vermeer Monday all vanished. In the middle of the night fourteen years ago this is a real life -- mystery about rewards ', '-- simple photographs meant to send a powerful message. This tiny stolen Rembrandt on top of a newspaper is still available still being held hostage. What could be an elaborate hoax or an important nuclear. ', 'that has led to an international search for twelve masterpiece. Works by Rembrandt . Vermeer. Dig up and others now estimated to be worth a half billion dollars. To have art of that quality -- it ', 'across the gallery room to one of only 32 known by the  Dutch  master premier. The concert an estimated value as much on the way out of them. The thieves grabbed the tiny  Rembrandt  self portrait supposedly the drawing on the sent to us ', 'gallery room to one of only 32 known -- -- by the Dutch master premier. The concert an estimated value as much as 200 million dollars. -- on the way out of them. The thieves grabbed the tiny Rembrandt self portrait supposedly the drawing on the -- sent to us. Okay. Down the hall they stopped in what is called the ', "the sand with her whip. Can we get a better name than just enough about horse Justin just as bad man I don't know the  Rembrandt . That these studios. Yet out Casilla didn't see anything. Another artist opens it and they would do well in the sand ", "horse Justin just as bad man -- -- I don't know the Rembrandt . That these studios. Yet -- -- out Casilla didn't see anything. Another artist -- opens it and they would do well in ", "place at Boston's Isabella Stewart Gardner Museum back in 199013. Pieces were discovered missing including works of  Rembrandt  and here it is the largest art theft in history.", 'Museum back in 199013. Pieces -- were discovered missing including works of Rembrandt and here it is the largest art theft in history. ', "this book he's also restore. We don't know it's called the office. In this book a  Rembrandt  painting the book is called the  Rembrandt  to fear  Rembrandt  painting goes missing He has to find out who did it and He gets. Involved with some of ", "restore. We don't know it's called the office. In this book a Rembrandt painting the book is called the Rembrandt to fear Rembrandt painting goes missing He has to find out who did it and He gets. Involved with some of Nazi atrocities current terrorism "]