["Word that artist  Shepard Fairey  was in Miami spread fast among the city's artistic crowd. Not only was he in town working on a new public mural, but he was ", "Obama Touts Support for Gay Marriage at Star-Studded Fundraiser at George Clooney's Home", 'never happened before and it will never happen again." But the president didn\'t stop there. He said the artist  Shepard Fairey  sent a special print to Clooney of both men based on the original picture. "Why it said at the bottom \'Dope and ', 'United States District Court, Southern District of New York  Shepard Fairey , the artist who created the iconic image of President Obama in 2008, pleaded guilty today in federal court in Manhattan to a ', 'The macaque\'s image has even been used in a spoof of the iconic Obama "HOPE" T-shirt made famous by artist  Shepard Fairey . Other pictures of the ape, photoshopped to look grainy, depict the primate gamely riding the Loch Ness Monster ', "ABC News' Jordyn Phelps reports: Attorneys for the artist  Shepard Fairey , who created the iconic HOPE poster of President Obama, admitted that he based the poster off of an Associated Press photo in ", 'spotted in Hollywood. The poster stands in stark contrast to past remakings of Obama images by artists, such as  Shepard Fairey  , which tended to be more fawning and respectful. Obama Joker Poster Contrasts Fairey HOPE Fairey, the street artist ', "Courtesy of the software developed by our friends at Paste Magazine , here's a  Shepard Fairey  -esque Judd Gregg . -jpt", 'to the future, splashed in a Warholesque red, white and blue and underlined with the caption HOPE. Designed by  Shepard Fairey , a Los-Angeles based street artist, the image has led to sales of hundreds of thousands of posters and stickers ', 'spot Marvin, but tourists still flocked to the restaurant last week to snap pictures of the Obama mural by artist  Shepard Fairey  on the outside of the building. In the fall, Fairey installed a version of his iconic "Obama/HOPE" painting ', 'Paste magazine have created a website -- Obamicon.me -- where you can plug in your own photos to make your own  Shepard Fairey -esque iconic poster . So far thousands of people have done it. Mostly they seem to be Obama supporters joining ', 'Shepard Fairey  is in Miami working on a new mural before the start of Art Basel Miami Beach.']