['Christie\'s auctioned off his "Green Car Crash - Green Burning Car I." The contemporary art auction also included  Roy Lichtenstein \'s "Sleeping Girl" and Francis Bacon\'s "Figure Writing Reflected In Mirror," which sold for $44,882 ', 'Christie\'s auctioned off his "Green Car Crash - Green Burning Car I." The contemporary art auction will also include  Roy Lichtenstein \'s "Sleeping Girl" and Francis Bacon\'s "Figure Writing Reflected In Mirror." Both works are expected to fetch ', "you can also take in the art surrounding you: sculptures by the likes of Alexander Calder, Claes Oldenburg and  Roy Lichtenstein . The rink's open late Friday and Saturday nights. 202-216-9397; nga.gov/ginfo/skating.shtm Alexian ", "A thief in New York City has pulled off an elaborate art heist, allegedly cutting through an apartment wall and stealing several pieces of rare art, jewelry and even the surveillance camera that likely recorded the theft. The New York Police Department is asking for the public's help in locating", "It is Friday. Time for a little artistic interpretation. Interesting take here -- Click here to see Mona Lisa as depicted in some other more contemporary approaches. There's a  Roy Lichtenstein  Mona Lisa, a Matt Groening version, a Jackson Pollack, you get the point.", "locked away. What was revealed was astonishing: a series of paintings by Picasso; a wall's worth of pop art by  Roy Lichtenstein ; Warhol portraits of Jackie Onassis, Mick Jagger and Marilyn Monroe; a Diego Rivera self portrait; and a painting ", "is curated by Catharina Manchanda, and it includes the famous silkscreens of Andy Warhol's Marilyn Monroe and  Roy Lichtenstein 's pop art images of blondes in comics. So after all that research and hard work, who does Manchanda think are ", 'off its collections of modern and contemporary art. Two soaring new floors of 20th-century works by the likes of  Roy Lichtenstein  and Ed Ruscha are as impressive as any west of the Mississippi River and an unexpected cultural find for visitors ', 'off its collections of modern and contemporary art. Two soaring new floors of 20th-century works by the likes of  Roy Lichtenstein  and Ed Ruscha are as impressive as any west of the Mississippi River and an unexpected cultural find for visitors ', 'appropriated and original." By far, his most eye-catching pieces are the "Bar Code Portrait Prints," which combine  Roy Lichtenstein \'s dots with Andy Warhol\'s iconographic subjects, featuring prominent celebrities, such as Arnold Schwarzenegger ', "opening at London's National Portrait Gallery. It features the work of famous artists such as Andy Warhol and  Roy Lichtenstein  artists who helped usher in the influential twentieth century art movement known as pop art. So from London here's ", "It features the work of famous artists such as Andy Warhol and Roy Lichtenstein artists who helped usher in the influential twentieth century art movement known as pop art. So from London here's the BBC's -- ", "opening at London's National Portrait Gallery. It features the work of famous artists such as Andy Warhol and  Roy Lichtenstein  artists who helped usher in the influential twentieth century art movement known as pop art. So from London here's ", "It features the work of famous artists such as Andy Warhol and Roy Lichtenstein artists who helped usher in the influential twentieth century art movement known as pop art. So from London here's the BBC's -- "]