['WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republicans in the Senate want to make sure the federal government does not become involved in the financial maelstrom hitting Detroit, which filed for the largest municipal bankruptcy in U.S. history last week.Full story', "Michigan says seasonally unadjusted unemployment rates have increased in all 17 of the state's labor markets. Full story", "Ford announced today that it plans to expand vehicle development work in Michigan and add 800 new white collar workers to the company, reports CNBC's Phil LeBeau.", "The New York Times' Thomas Friedman and MSNBC.com's Richard Wolffe join Morning Joe to discuss the latest in Detroit's filing for Chapter 9 bankruptcy and the challenges to the filing. Can the state of Michigan help? What about Washington?", 'Days after Detroit became the largest American city to ever file for bankruptcy protection, the battle over its future now heads to federal court. Layoffs, selling off assets, and the scaling back of basic services like trash collection could all be on the horizon, as Detroit seeks to address its $1', "Gov. Rick Snyder (R) Michigan, and Kevyn Orr, Detroit Emergency Manager, discuss the city's bankruptcy, what it means and the ongoing negotiations with creditors.", 'Police vehicles are pictured at empty customs lanes entering the U.S. at the Detroit-Windsor Tunnel in Detroit', 'Police vehicles are pictured at empty customs lanes entering the U.S. at the Detroit-Windsor Tunnel in Detroit, Michigan on July 12, 2012. REUTERS/Jeff Kowalsky', "DETROIT, MI - JULY 24:  Police and media gather outside during the City of Detroit's bankruptcy hearing at the U.S. Courthouse July 24, 2013 in Detroit, Michigan. Detroit is the largest city to file for bankruptcy in U.S. history and owes its approximately 100,000 creditors between $18 and $20 billi", "epa01502982 The grill of a Ford Flex in front of Ford Motor Company's headquarters in Dearborn, Michigan, USA on 27 September 2008.  September 27 is the hundred years to the day since production for the Model T began at the Ford Piquette Avenue Plant in Detroit, Michigan, USA.  EPA/JEFF KOWALSKY", "Michigan Governor Rick Snyder answers a question about the city of Detroit being in a financial emergency state during a  meeting with an invited audience at Wayne State University in Detroit, Michigan in this March 1, 2013 file photo. When defending his decision to approve America's largest ever ba"]