['There are few people who can actually say they knew the real Elvis Presley . Jerry Schilling is one of them.As a 12-year-old in 1954, Schilling met a then 19-year-ol...', 'After ABBA, the Beach Boys, Elvis Presley, John Lennon and the Four Seasons comes the music of country great Johnny Cash ( search )."Ring of Fire, The Johnny Cash Mu...', 'Off-key pop idol William Hung has something new to crow about: He\'s being crowned "Artichoke King" in the small city that calls itself "artichoke capital of the worl...', 'See you weeknights in the No Spin Zone at 8 p.m. and 11 p.m. ET!Tonight, "The O\'Reilly Factor" is on ...Are the conditions right for a reduction in the number of Ame...', 'Who says scientists are awkward and ungraceful?Thirty-six different videos on YouTube prove that wrong, as researchers translate their doctoral dissertations into in...', 'WASHINGTON -- Barbra Streisand got an awkward kiss on the cheek from President Bush, and yes, she gave him a smooch back.Streisand, a vocal critic of Bush, was a gue...', 'Maharishi Mahesh Yogi, a guru to the Beatles whose beaming, bearded face became an icon of 1960s hippie mysticism, has died at his Dutch home. He was thought to be 9...', 'Bomb-bomb Iran? Iran says no offense taken.Republican presidential candidate John McCain altered the lyrics of the Beach Boys classic "Barbara Ann" last year to refe...', 'This is a rush transcript from "Hannity & Colmes," December 5, 2008. This copy may not be in its final form and may be updated.ALAN COLMES, CO-HOST: President-elect ...', 'Maharishi Mahesh Yogi, a guru to the Beatles who introduced the West to transcendental meditation, died Tuesday at his home in the Dutch town of Vlodrop, a spokesman...', "With a house purchase near Denver in the works, the 38-year-old engineering contractor plans to move his family 1,200 miles away from his home state's lemon groves, ...", 'Capitol Records President That Signed the Beatles, Created Bozo the Clown, Dies at 91', 'Alan W. Livingston, the music executive who created Bozo the Clown and signed the Beatles during his tenure as president of Capitol Records, has died. He was 91.Livi...', 'The "Swiftboating" of Cindy Sheehan, that is the subject of this evening\'s "Talking Points Memo".This story is no longer about Ms. Sheehan. It\'s now about the far-le...']