['Scalia Mind Boggled, Arizona Takeaways, Candidates Avoid Public Comment, Park City Postcard (PM Note)', "Ll9Py3 (Amy Bingham) Wild -  Maurice Sendak  Said Killing Bush Would Have Been 'Wonderful' -  Maurice Sendak  may have been even wilder than his before he died of a stroke in May,  Sendak  said he thought about trying to ", 'Platt/Getty Images  Maurice Sendak  may have been even the love hug,\'"  Sendak  told The Comics I\'d be a hero,"  Sendak  continued. "It wonderful thing," said  Sendak , who wrote the whimsical " Where the Wild Things Are ."  Sendak  has had ', 'simply say: I think of all the gay kids out there who now know they have their president on their side. I think of  Maurice Sendak , who just died, whose decades-long relationship was never given the respect it deserved. I think of the centuries ', 'survive?"  Maurice Sendak  told Leonard interview.  Sendak  died today sentences,  Sendak \'s " Where the Wild Things Are ," illuminated private boat to  where the wild things are , and, despite maybe only  Sendak  could pointedly including " In the Night Kitchen " and "Outside ', 'of beloved children book author and illustrator  Maurice Sendak . Carney said he hadn\'t yet talked to the president book it\'s a sad day." President Obama read "  Where the Wild Things Are  " to children at this year\'s Easter Egg Roll ', '" Where The Wild Things Are " author and illustrator  Maurice Sendak  has died at age 83 . His most famous fan: President Barack Obama. At the annual White House Easter Egg Roll, the president has ', 'on sale this Friday . 9:40 a.m. ET :  Maurice Sendak , author of " Where the Wild Things Are " and other famous children\'s books, has made a little wilder because of him. Read  Sendak \'s obit here. "Nightline" anchor Terry ', ' (Image Credit: Rex Features/AP Images)  Maurice Sendak  , the renowned children\'s author who died egg roll in April, President Obama praised  Sendak \'s " Where the Wild Things Are " as "one of my favorite classic books of all ', "downright I'd check it out this is and a nation marking what would've been worries and that's 85 birthday.  Sendak  is the author and illustrator of the famous children's book  where the wild things are  who will do little replicate unique style drawing when you can press play can watch his characteristic journey through ", "and a nation marking what would've been worries and that's 85 birthday. Sendak is the author and illustrator of the famous children's book where the wild things are who will do little replicate -- unique style drawing when you can press play can watch his characteristic journey through the scenes. ", "with its basic message children's author  Maurice Sendak . What's important is that we tell the lives. If we lied to them we put them and  Sendak  best known for the book  where the wild things are  has even drawn images of the Auschwitz ", "some feel even they deserve help with its basic message children's author Maurice Sendak . What's important is that we tell the children -- we give them a vital information. In -- with their lives. If we lied to them we put them and -- Sendak best known for the book where the wild things are has even drawn images of the Auschwitz crematorium and his newest book as a symbol. A symbol for any place where children ", 'has passed away  Maurice Sendak  died early this never recovered.  Sendak  best will be without supper.  Where the wild things are  was written back movie in 2009.  Sendak  award and national President Clinton.  Maurice Sendak  was 83 years ', 'kids with his book where -- wild things are has passed away Maurice Sendak died early this morning in Danbury Connecticut. He suffered a stroke Friday and never recovered. Sendak best will be remembered for the story about a little boy named Max goes dark journey through -- imagination after he sent to bed without supper. Where the wild things are was written back in 1968. And made into -- movie in 2009. Sendak award and national medal of the arts in 1996 by President Clinton. Maurice Sendak was 83 years ago. ', "For generations of kids and kids  Sendak  story has spoken to something wild physical it's tantalizing as great.  Maurice Sendak  was born in Brooklyn in 1928 a found his supper waiting for him.  Maurice Sendak  was 83. David Wright ABC news ", "the wild let me start. For generations of kids and -- kids Sendak story has spoken to something wild inside each one of those kids who revel in any kind of motion. It's physical it's tantalizing as great. Maurice Sendak was born in Brooklyn in 1928 a frail boy gay and Jewish. The depression and the Holocaust the backdrop to his -- ", "tell stories in a way that would have thrilled his hero. but when He directed this test animation of  Maurice Sendak where the wild things are  his bosses just didn't get. They said now today you know the only reason computer benefits. There ", "thrilled his hero. -- but when He directed this test animation of Maurice Sendak where the wild things are his bosses just didn't get. They said now -- today you know the only reason -- computer -- benefits. There was saves ", "children's books made you want to venture into other kinds of writing like maybe a memoir. That you know I saw this great  Maurice Sendak  documentary and somebody asked him knew why He wrote children's books and at least it's a fascinating character ", "writing like maybe a memoir. That you know I saw this great Maurice Sendak documentary and somebody asked him knew why He wrote children's books and -- at least it's a fascinating character and and He. ", 'premiere this production in nineteen. It sets costumes and new characters like peacock. And the Chinese tiger by  Maurice Sendak  and wild To in four and back you there is the urban nutcracker. choreographer Tony Williams danced in the Boston first ', 'sets costumes and new characters like peacock. And the Chinese tiger by Maurice Sendak and wild -- -- To -- in -- four and back you -- -- there is the urban nutcracker. -- choreographer Tony ']