['book sales of classics typically spike when a controversial event happens, citing the rise in sales of  Ayn Rand \'s 1957 novel " Atlas Shrugged " during the 2008 financial crisis.', 'tenderizing effect and kind of... STEPHANOPOULOS: You say, when you started that, that experience, you were an  Ayn Rand  guy, you said. SAUNDERS: I very much was. I went to the School of Mines in Colorado and kind of -- you know, kind ', 'http://bit.ly/NCbTY0 RYAN ON BREAKING UP WITH  AYN RAND . Asked about his affinity for the conservative author Hume: "Now you see, I really enjoyed her novels,  Atlas Shrugged  in particular. It triggered my interest in economics ', "Biden in Chains, Obama's Seamus Joke, Who Doesn't Support Medicare Cuts? (PM Note)", 'Chelsea Clinton Leaves the Door Firmly Ajar for a Future Run - http://abcn.ws/MY3z6D How Paul Ryan Shrugged Off  Ayn Rand  - Why the individualist author lost her most famous devotee to St. Thomas Aquinas - http://abcn.ws/NxCMfy (Gregory ', 'wapo.st/MtYmlu PAUL RYAN BOOK CLUB: SHRUGGING OFF  AYN RAND ? ABC\'s Gregory Krieg reports: Ryan, you see, is the At least, he used to be. ... "I grew up reading  Ayn Rand  and it taught me quite a bit about who I am and what my ', 'Russian emigre novelist  Ayn Rand  , author of " Atlas Shrugged " and " The Fountainhead ." It began, according later: "I grew up reading  Ayn Rand  and it taught me quite one person, it would be  Ayn Rand . And the fight we are ', 'said, that he developed his love of economics and public policy. There, he was exposed to economic thinkers such as  Ayn Rand  and Milton Friedman, whose philosophies today serve as inspiration for conservative politicians. "I came to Oxford ', "Washington, he worked as a trainer at Washington Sport and Health Club. 4.) He has credited novelist-philosopher  Ayn Rand  as the reason he got into public service. 5.) He's a strong fundraiser. By the end of March, Ryan had brought in ", 'reportedly mulling his own run for president . Ryan, an  Ayn Rand  fan, ably articulates a conservative vision for economic soul-searching that led Ryan to discover the works of  Ayn Rand , who is still a major influence on him . He and his wife ', 'wealthy members of the senate. http://abcn.ws/LCa50U THE BUZZ: with Chris Good ( @c_good ) OBAMA CHANNELS  AYN RAND . The Washington Times\' Dave Boyer reports: "... President Obama changed his tune Thursday night about some roundly ', 'Marco Rubio loves hip-hop, The Gladiator and all things football: Ten details from new unauthorized biography', 'rumors went away." 7. Rubio immersed himself with  Ayn Rand  when he was first elected to the Florida legislature finished his first legislative term, he had devoured  Ayn Rand \'s  Atlas Shrugged  twice." 8. Rubio had to wear leg-braces as ', 'pull our own weight. But over the last thirty years, the  Ayn Rand  acolytes have distorted American individualism. Taken to its  Ayn Rand  extreme, it has been reduced to the notion that a person ', "You know I attributed to the whole financial crisis. And everything that's happened you know since Obama got elected.  Atlas shrugged  the book itself has sold over a million copies. Which about a 54 you'll book that's that's phenomenal and I think ", "crisis. And everything that's happened -- you know since Obama got elected. Atlas shrugged the book itself has sold over a million copies. Which about a 54 you'll book that's that's phenomenal and I think what ", "Fmr. Fed Greenspan says the financial crisis doesn't indict  Ayn Rand  theories.", "around and then you go down a little more. That had a tenderizing effect. When you started that experience, you were an  ayn rand  guy. I went to a school in colorado and kind of a dull-witted vaguely right wing kind of person that didn't know ", "had a tenderizing effect. When you started that experience, you were an ayn rand guy. I went to a school in colorado and kind of a dull-witted vaguely right wing kind of person that didn't know "]