['book sales of classics typically spike when a controversial event happens, citing the rise in sales of  Ayn Rand \'s 1957 novel " Atlas Shrugged " during the 2008 financial crisis.', 'and "Madea\'s Witless Protection" John Putch, " Atlas Shrugged : Part II" Worst Screen Couple: Any Combination of Sarandon, "That\'s My Boy" Worst Screenplay: " Atlas Shrugged : Part II" "Battleship" "That\'s My Boy!" "A ', 'and "Madea\'s Witless Protection" John Putch, " Atlas Shrugged : Part II" Worst Screen Couple: Any Combination of Sarandon, "That\'s My Boy" Worst Screenplay: " Atlas Shrugged : Part II" "Battleship" "That\'s My Boy!" "A ', 'http://bit.ly/NCbTY0 RYAN ON BREAKING UP WITH  AYN RAND . Asked about his affinity for the conservative author Hume: "Now you see, I really enjoyed her novels,  Atlas Shrugged  in particular. It triggered my interest in economics ', 'Russian emigre novelist  Ayn Rand  , author of " Atlas Shrugged " and "The Fountainhead I grew up reading  Ayn Rand  and it taught me quite person, it would be  Ayn Rand . And the fight we York Times that " Atlas Shrugged " is a "glorification ', 'Marco Rubio loves hip-hop, The Gladiator and all things football: Ten details from new unauthorized biography', 'rumors went away." 7. Rubio immersed himself with  Ayn Rand  when he was first elected to the Florida legislature finished his first legislative term, he had devoured  Ayn Rand \'s  Atlas Shrugged  twice." 8. Rubio had to wear leg-braces as a ', "holding company BB&T. Allison admires 1950s author  Ayn Rand  and gives schools grants if they agree to create a course on capitalism and make Rand's  Atlas Shrugged  required reading. Professor Richard Zweigenhaft at Guilford ", '"  Atlas Shrugged  ," the movie adaptation of  Ayn Rand  \'s 1957 classic, hits theatres today. The novel, which centers around railroad executive Dagny Taggart as she fights to keep ', '"  Atlas Shrugged  ," the movie adaptation of  Ayn Rand  \'s 1957 classic, just released its first trailer on Friday. The novel, which centers around railroad executive Dagny Taggart ', 'because I am an  Ayn Rand  fan," he told Known for \' Atlas Shrugged ,\' Objectivism  Ayn Rand  was an author her novels " Atlas Shrugged " and "The reasons to read  Ayn Rand . According to the list, " Atlas Shrugged " is the "second ', 'countless other favorites: "Catcher in the Rye" and "Catch-22"; "Lolita" and "To Kill a Mockingbird"; " Atlas Shrugged " and "Things Fall Apart"; "The Outsiders" and "Fahrenheit 451." No e-books are available from such living ', 'he was helping Sen. Barack Obama, D-Ill., but it will ultimately be hard to make that case. Pamela Geller at  Atlas Shrugged  has posted some video of Nadler at a synagogue in Boca Raton trying to explain why Obama was able to stay in Rev. Jeremiah ', "know I attributed to the whole financial crisis. And everything that's happened you know since Obama got elected.  Atlas shrugged  the book itself has sold over a million copies. Which about a 54 you'll book that's that's phenomenal and I ", "crisis. And everything that's happened -- you know since Obama got elected. Atlas shrugged the book itself has sold over a million copies. Which about a 54 you'll book that's that's phenomenal and I think what ", 'contentious discussion about. Immigration so next top line.  Atlas shrugged  again check this out David this is pretty amazing. And 1957. Novel  atlas shrugged . Is now one of the top selling books in the country ', "the fact there's a contentious discussion about. Immigration so next top line. Atlas shrugged again check this out David this is pretty amazing. And -- 1957. Novel atlas shrugged . Is now one of the top selling books in the country 600000. Copies have sold. Since President Obama was inaugurated this of "]