['N.Y. Art Dealer Accused of Scamming Galleries With Fake Works by Rothko, Pollock, de Kooning', 'millions of dollars after she allegedly sold them counterfeit works she claimed had been painted by famous artists like  Mark Rothko , Jackson Pollock and Willem de Kooning over a period of 15 years, according to an indictment. Glafira Rosales, 56 ', "A man who claims he defaced a mural by  Mark Rothko  in London's Tate Modern museum told ABC News today that by scrawling his name on the artwork with a black marker he has made ", 'of them, but he\'s particularly drawn to the interfaith Rothko Chapel, which features the work of abstract artist  Mark Rothko . "The space is just so wonderful. It really does transport you out of the real world into the world of art. It makes ', "world's largest modern art museum. The former power station now houses works from artists like Picasso, Matisse,  Mark Rothko  and Andy Warhol, and even an impressive collection of contemporary art since the 1980s. Entry is always free, except ", 'his preppy attire, also allegedly boasted an extensive art collection that he said included several original works by  Mark Rothko . Rockefeller and Boss, who reportedly married in the early 1990s on the Massachusetts island of Nantucket, divorced ', 'known for his preppy attire, also boasted an extensive art collection that he said included several original works by  Mark Rothko . Rockefeller and Boss, who reportedly married in the early 1990s on the Massachusetts island of Nantucket, divorced ', 'known for his preppy attire, also boasted an extensive art collection that he said included several original works by  Mark Rothko . Rockefeller and Boss, who reportedly married in the early 1990s on the Massachusetts island of Nantucket, divorced ', 'known for his preppy attire, also boasted an extensive art collection that he said included several original works by  Mark Rothko . Rockefeller and Boss, who reportedly married in the early 1990s on the Massachusetts island of Nantucket, divorced ', 'within five minutes of meeting him." The newcomer with a famous name who claimed to have a large collection of original  Mark Rothko  paintings fashioned himself as a "philanthropist." But he had no clear job and did not always come through on the ', 'a shuttle\'s solid rocket booster? B) A double-vortex hurricane at the south pole of Venus? C) "Feathers."  Mark Rothko , 1937. Oil on canvas. D) Something else? Suggestions, serious and otherwise, are most welcome. I almost hate ', 'Quality is important, but scarcity is all powerful." Tuesday\'s auction saw strong prices for some artists, including  Mark Rothko \'s "Red, Blue, Orange" from 1955. That sold the same night for $34.4 million, above its presale estimate of ', 'notes that Turner "looks both backwards and forwards at the same time so that he can appeal to modern artists like ( Mark )  Rothko  and (Jackson) Pollock" as well as artists of his time. Another contradiction: At times, Turner\'s work was strongly ']