['Credit Suisse - Latest news, videos, and information- NBCNews.comSkip navigation', "ZURICH (Reuters) - Credit Suisse's &lt;CSGN.VX&gt; investment bank drove a one-third jump in quarterly group profit, prompting investors to worry that a heavy reliance on fixed-income trading could hurt the lender if interest rates rise. Full story", "ZURICH (Reuters) - Switzerland's top court has ruled that the government can transfer the bank records of an American client of Credit Suisse &lt;CSGN.VX&gt; to the U.S. tax authorities, giving a boost to the country's efforts to end U.S. investigations of Swiss banks. Full story", 'TrendingUnemploymentretireesGeneral MotorsBiotechnologySouthwest AirlinesCaterpillar Inc.NBCNews.com homeBrowseVideoPhotos', "The transports have had a heck of a run this year, explains CNBC's Phil LeBeau. What happens to the sector if jet fuel moves higher? Thomas Lee, JPMorgan; Jim McDonald, Northern Trust; Barbara Reinhard, Credit Suisse; Gary Thayer, Wells Fargo Advisors;...", "CNBC's Bob Pisani asks the panel how to invest in emerging markets now, with Thomas Lee, JPMorgan; Jim McDonald, Northern Trust; Barbara Reinhard, Credit Suisse; Gary Thayer, Wells Fargo Advisors; and David Bianco, Deutsche Bank. ", "Dissecting the market's reaction to the Fed's policy statement, and where smart money might go in the 2nd half of the year, with Thomas Lee, JPMorgan; Jim McDonald, Northern Trust; Barbara Reinhard, Credit Suisse; Gary Thayer, Wells Fargo Advisors; and...", 'The FMHR traders and Ric Deverell, Credit Suisse head of commodities research discuss whether the "gold era" is coming to an end; and CNBC\'s Kate Kelly reports the latest at SAC Capital.', "Credit Suisse is among the first nanks to de-leverage to meet the demands of today's stricter regulatory environment. Brady Dougan, CEO, Credit Suisse, weighs in on the transition with CNBC's Maria Bartiromo.", 'The logo of Swiss bank Credit Suisse is seen at his headquarters at the Paradeplatz square in Zurich', 'The logo of Swiss bank Credit Suisse is seen at his headquarters at the Paradeplatz square in Zurich July 25, 2013. REUTERS/Arnd Wiegmann', 'A tram drives past the headquarters of Swiss bank Credit Suisse at the Paradeplatz square in Zurich', "A tram drives past the headquarters of Swiss bank Credit Suisse  at the Paradeplatz square in Zurich July 25, 2013. Credit Suisse's investment bank drove a one-third jump in second-quarter group earnings, while higher interest rates should help future profits at its private bank, the lender said. On", 'The shadow of CEO Dougan of Swiss bank Credit Suisse is seen on a wall as CFO Mathers addresses a news conference in Zurich', "The shadow of CEO Brady Dougan of Swiss bank Credit Suisse is seen on a wall as CFO David Mathers  addresses a news conference to present the bank's half-year results in Zurich July 25, 2013. Credit Suisse's investment bank drove a one-third jump in second-quarter group earnings, while higher intere"]