["After ending Oscar night at in a Hollywood jail, actress  Sean Young  is demanding an apology from the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences for her arrest outside the Academy's official after-party ", "Actress  Sean Young  was arrested outside the Governor's Ball, the Academy's official Oscar after party, after an alleged altercation with a security ", "started hyperventilating. For a second I thought I was going to black out, and smash through the coffee table like  Sean Young  in No Way Out. But then I realized that I couldn't die because I had just been served too much drama to sort out ", 'those who have deployed before it\'s just another trip to war. "Last one was a good experience," said Staff Sgt.  Sean Young , who is on his way to his third trip to a war zone. "Hopefully this one will be just as well and then come back and ', 'Fame: Actor from flicks like "Once Upon a Time in America" and "Casino" Hotties Who\'ve Been Spotted On His Arm:  Sean Young , Nicolette Sheridan, Heather Graham, Missy Crider, Lauren Holly, Alexis Thorpe, Ashley Madison (above) His Hotness ', "actress who made her mark during last Saturday's Directors Guild of America awards. All for the wrong reasons actor  Sean Young  was escorted out of the ceremony after heckling one of the nominees. She appeared to be intoxicated today it was reported ", "Saturday's Directors Guild of America awards. All for the wrong reasons actor Sean Young was escorted out of the ceremony after heckling one of the -- nominees. She appeared to be intoxicated today it was reported ", "All My Children Rebecca who's going to be getting who looks fantastic. By the way also Bethany Frankel Jonny Moseley  Sean Young  Vince Neil Brandon Michael Smith all these you think falling on the dance floor hurts fallen on ice. We're kicking ", "getting who looks fantastic. By the way also Bethany Frankel Jonny Moseley Sean Young Vince Neil Brandon Michael Smith all these -- you think falling on the dance floor hurts -- -- fallen on ice. We're ", "actress who made her mark during last Saturday's Directors Guild of America awards. All for the wrong reasons actor  Sean Young  was escorted out of the ceremony after heckling one of the nominees. She appeared to be intoxicated today was reported ", "Saturday's Directors Guild of America awards. All for the wrong reasons actor Sean Young was escorted out of the ceremony after heckling one of the -- nominees. She appeared to be intoxicated today was reported that "]