['automobiles like this stretch of highway connecting Chicago to California. Called the Mother Road in  John Steinbeck \'s "The  Grapes of Wrath ," the route was commissioned in 1926 by the Bureau of Public Roads, which pieced it together using ', 'automobiles like this stretch of highway connecting Chicago to California. Called the Mother Road in  John Steinbeck \'s "The  Grapes of Wrath ," the route was commissioned in 1926 by the Bureau of Public Roads, which pieced it together using ', 'and Woody Guthrie, 1939 Ross Sr. began community organizing in the California labor camps depicted by  John Steinbeck  in "The  Grapes of Wrath ." Folk singer Woody Guthrie took his guitar to the cotton fields and sang to the migrant workers. Fred ', 'themselves. He started out as an organizer of migrant workers in the same California labor camps depicted by  John Steinbeck  in "The  Grapes of Wrath ." The reason for his initial foray into community organizing was simple. "He just had to do something ', 'around the world, including ones from Mali and Ethiopia, descend on this old goldmining town made famous by novelist  John Steinbeck . Northam calls Dawson far-flung, likable, and rustic. Writer Catherine Price offers a different sort of advice ', 'Eric Butterworth "A Fine Balance," by Rohinton Mistry "The Poisonwood Bible," by Barbara Kingsolver " East of Eden ," by  John Steinbeck  "The Pillars of the Earth," by Ken Follett "The Known World," by Edward P. Jones "The Bluest Eye ', 'the Post has printed work from such authors as C.S. Lewis, Agatha Christie, William Saroyan, Rudyard Kipling,  John Steinbeck , Kurt Vonnegut Jr. and F. Scott Fitzgerald. Lorimer, who became editor in 1899, made the cover into an artists ', 'through Thursday at the Blue Ridge Music Center, located in Galax, Va. 3. Route 66 Immortalized by  John Steinbeck  in The  Grapes of Wrath , this original mega highway has long personified the American dream of escaping hard times and making ', "The most striking thing about old Route 66 is how much is gone. We came to the Mother Road, as  John Steinbeck  once called it, expecting a nostalgic tour of days gone by. That's what most people expect. That's why they come. They ", "that way to some. We're nowhere near the days of wandering homelessness evoked in  John Steinbeck 's 1939 Pulitzer Prize-winning novel, The  Grapes of Wrath . Starting in 1929, the U.S. economy shrank for four consecutive years. In 1940 ", "that way to some. We're nowhere near the days of wandering homelessness evoked in  John Steinbeck 's 1939 Pulitzer Prize-winning novel, The  Grapes of Wrath . Starting in 1929, the U.S. economy shrank for four consecutive years. In 1940 ", 'you\'ll make the most of your time on the throne. Quote of the Week "No one wants advice -- only corroboration." --  John Steinbeck  Book Excerpt of the Week From: "Talent: Develop it, sell it, be it" by Tom Peters (DK, 2006) "Fire the planners ', 'were working on an opera on the West Side of Manhattan, far away from the hurricane zone, based on "The  Grapes of Wrath ,"  John Steinbeck \'s novel about the suffering caused by the Dust Bowl. As they worked, they watched the misery caused ', 'authors from Virginia to  John Steinbeck . Miguel Marquez reports from London.  Grapes of wrath  tells the story of the interviews here from  Steinbeck  himself on what drove to take care of it.  Steinbeck  and other voices have ', 'trove. A voice recordings English and American authors from Virginia -- to John Steinbeck . Miguel Marquez reports from London. Grapes of wrath tells the story of the Joseph family in search of a better life during the depths of the Great Depression. -- lose everything I had. In a collection of rare interviews -- here from Steinbeck himself on what drove him to write the definitive story. But regular Americans caught up in extra real economic or. When I was a group throughout there was field naturally would certainly angers. The depression -- without the ability to take care of it. Steinbeck and other voices have rarely been hurt at all. But now the British library has put together two sets of interviews from ', "ten books that common theme among the the books what she feels that she has learned something from all of them  east of Eden John Steinbeck  a new by The Toni Morrison's a blue asylum is. And remains a voracious reader. And we're gonna celebrate ", "what she feels that she has learned something from all of them east of Eden John Steinbeck a new -- by -- -- The Toni Morrison's a blue asylum is. And remains a voracious reader. And we're gonna celebrate ", "learn and spin through look at. Fashion there haven't done to you. Dublin minds are on theater. Joan saw me and  John Steinbeck 's of mice and man. By Cast mr. Excalibur. That was my first real. Experience. In them but real. We always and ", "you. Dublin minds are on -- theater. Joan -- saw me and John Steinbeck's of mice and man. By -- Cast mr. -- -- Excalibur. That was my first real. Experience. In them but -- real. ", 'jams others. Unbelievably wrong Karl Marx did not start the sexual revolution kids you what a fact checked out also  John Steinbeck  He may have loved flipper but He wrote with purpose. Not this. Small details small details.', 'the sexual revolution kids you what a fact checked out -- also John Steinbeck He may have loved flipper but He wrote with purpose. Not -- this. Small details small details. ', 'American authors from Virginia to  John Steinbeck . Miguel Marquez reports from one collection of rare interviews here from  Steinbeck  himself on what drove him to write the ability to take care of it.  Steinbeck  and other voices have rarely been ', 'trove. A voice recordings English and American authors from Virginia -- to John Steinbeck . Miguel Marquez reports from one. Grapes of -- tells the story of the Joseph family in search of a better life during the depths of the Great Depression. -- lose everything I had. In a collection of rare interviews -- here from Steinbeck himself on what drove him to write the definitive story. But regular Americans caught up in extra real economic or. When I was a group throughout there was still naturally would certainly angers. The depression go to without the ability to take care of it. Steinbeck and other voices have rarely been hurt at all. But now the British library has put together two sets of interviews from ', "Yeah this the weight related Cheney is the same ways related to Truman. And of he's also related Winston Churchill  John Steinbeck . Can. And Dick you mentioned as well. You get the idea to these politicians to their celebrity Well I've been ", "related to Truman. And of -- he's also related -- Winston Churchill John Steinbeck . Can. And Dick -- you mentioned as well. -- -- -- -- -- -- You get the idea to -- these politicians "]