["'Lunchtime Lipo': Lightning-Fast Procedure Lets Patients on Break Lose Muffin Tops, but Is It Safe?", 'Montreal, considers himself an  artist , and the human body is his canvas Rollins said. "When someone asked  Michelangelo  how he did create the  statue  of  David , he said, \'I just removed the ', "had an idea back in 2001. He would replicate  Michelangelo 's  Sistine Chapel  in his own neighborhood church. With no money has been working for 12 years to accomplish what  Michelangelo  did in four (with the help of assistants.) As ", "For Dutch  artist  Diet Wiegman everyday objects household trash used to portray  Michelangelo 's  David , as in  David  Deformed, 1983 . Other times Wiegman has made trash beautiful.  David  Deformed, 1983 Atlas Off Balance ", 'Pope Francis Faces Busy Schedule - and Could Even Meet With Former Pope Benedict', 'with him in the  Sistine Chapel  -- he said at Rome\'s main  basilica  dedicated to the altar in front of  Michelangelo \'s " Last Judgment " in the  Sistine Chapel , as dictated by St. Mary Major  basilica . On Friday, he ', "smoke to curl out of the  Sistine Chapel 's chimney, signifying of the altar of the  Sistine Chapel , gets its name from must take place in the  Sistine Chapel . Previous popes had process take place under  Michelangelo 's frescoes. Throughout ", "of the morning. 1.  Sistine Chapel  Closed to Visitors for Conclave The  Sistine Chapel  closes to visitors today 1 p.m. Tuesday,  Michelangelo 's frescoed masterpiece are burned, to the  Sistine Chapel 's chimney. 2. Woman ", 'own hands. The design for the seal was inspired by  Michelangelo ; the edges and the inside were inspired by St. Peter\'s Square. "This is my masterpiece, my  Sistine Chapel ," he said. Benedict can no longer wear it. The Vatican ', "view of St. Peter's  Basilica  and the Vatican during 2013 at St. Peter's  Basilica  at the Vatican Images) A view of  Michelangelo 's  Sistine Chapel  on Jan. 11, 2009 balcony of St. Peter's  Basilica  at the end of the Easter ", "Cardinals in Rome, who gather under  Michelangelo 's famous frescoes in the  Sistine Chapel  under strict security measures from a chimney on the roof of the  Sistine Chapel . If the cardinals elect a new pope ", 'fresco by the Spanish  painter  Elias Garcia Martinez been donated by the  artist \'s granddaughter masterworks like  Michelangelo \'s "Creation of to reports, an  artist  herself, has now discovered after the  painter \'s granddaughter ', 'celebrity to a brand is a fine art. The  Michelangelo  of that art is Steve Stoute, 40 he said, "gave it to this young  artist  called Chris Brown and \'Forever real. "If you don\'t believe the  artist  uses the product, and they\'re just ', 'Michelangelo  started  Sistine Chapel . imagine that 500 years City. This is the Mexicans  Sistine Chapel  by we have another  Michelangelo  with a twist his name is ago after a visit to the  Sistine Chapel . There in the Vatican he ', "-- -- Michelangelo started -- Sistine Chapel . -- -- imagine that 500 years later in the new world his crowning achievement would be recreated here a modest church. Mexico City. This is the Mexicans Sistine Chapel by we have another Michelangelo with a twist his name is Miguel -- -- He mistook him -- on -- coming -- -- -- Genius or crazy Don -- a retired graphic designer started his artistic adventure twelve years ago after a visit to the Sistine Chapel . There in the Vatican he was inspired to do the same at his hometown church he took took place and -- what do -- level -- that. -- to a unilateral. Green total sense -- the Sistine Chapel and his church have almost the same dimensions. He immediately asked his parish priest if he could paint the vaulted ceiling. -- -- -- -- not to put that -- unanimous -- unanimously in the NCA. -- -- -- -- -- -- It's been neither easy nor fast for Don Miguel. Unlike Michelangelo . He's done everything by himself except for -- volunteer here -- there. -- in this audience and use them for them you ", "as long as he can achieve his dream of finishing the Mexican Sistine Chapel which is still five years away from completion. It's pretty -- opium and let. Me to Budapest with reporting from Maria -- ", "Above the  Sistine Chapel  the smoke is back. Of the  Sistine Chapel  after morning In front the  Michelangelo 's  last judgment . East Harlem back into the  Sistine Chapel  were all cardinals bells of the  basilica  all of them ", "place in Amman and current -- chalice. In front the -- -- Michelangelo's last judgment East Harlem Mexico swearing that he has decided this good conscience on knowing that you be touched by the lower court. I'm ", "Iowa. He is story of  Michelangelo  keen eye and a lot ABC's bill Blakemore.  Michelangelo 's great  Sistine Chapel  is one of the most year old spray paint  artist  living in Waterloo completing when it took  Michelangelo  for years to create ", "remarkable 27 year old living in Iowa. He is -- story of Michelangelo keen eye and a lot of spray paint spray paint. Here's ABC's bill Blakemore. Michelangelo's great Sistine Chapel is one of the most intricate artistic achievements in the world -- -- closely. One of these is a replica done with cans of spray paint. -- -- originally from Bosnia just 27 year old spray paint artist living in Waterloo Iowa. After only four months he's on the verge of completing when it took Michelangelo for years to create. -- -- It was six. -- This -- morning. -- -- spent his family's savings to buy a ", "chimney on top of the  sistine chapel  just moments ago. You the chimney atop the  sistine chapel . The second and third electors filed into the  sistine chapel  and one by one took the oath of secrecy beneath  michelangelo 's iconic frescos ", "few hours earlier when each of the cardinal electors filed into the sistine chapel and one by one took the oath of secrecy beneath michelangelo's iconic frescos. The enormity of the moment and setting wasn't lost on cardinal timothy dolan of new york who seemed noticeably in ", "Peter's  basilica . The swiss conclave. Abc's  david  wright tells file into the  sistine chapel  and lock the happen in the  sistine chapel , where the creaming is  michelangelo 's masterpiece whispering.  David  wright, abc ", "to let the holy spirit in. Not going to happen in the sistine chapel , where the creaming is michelangelo's masterpiece. These days, the cardinals have rooms in a vatican guest house, but they're still cut off from the outside world for ", 'the halls of the  sistine chapel . The history of the doors to the  sistine chapel  are locked -- an the watchful eye of  michelangelo \'s " last judgment ," cast their votes right back inside the  sistine chapel  and made the cardinals ', 'time, they walk to the altar, and under the watchful eye of michelangelo\'s " last judgment cast their votes. Three cardinals do the counting. Thenthose ballots are ruined, -- burned, never to be seen again. Even in thn ', "be destroyed. Abc's  david  wright. Reporter: The square itself. This is your  sistine chapel  this ring? Benedict can vatican museum. Just like  michelangelo 's masterpiece. Our thanks to  david  again tonight.", "again. Reporter: He hopes the ring in the vatican museum. Just like michelangelo's masterpiece. Our thanks to david again tonight. "]