["I'm not entirely sure what this debt ceiling as I read a lot about it but debt ceiling to me sounds like a very boring  John Grisham  novel. birdies yeah. Important so we went out on the Hollywood boulevard today to ask people to explain to us I don't ", 'about it but debt ceiling to me sounds like a very boring John Grisham novel. -- birdies yeah. Important so we went out on the Hollywood boulevard today to ask people to explain to us I ', "concluded. Two functional mental age he's in the range of twelve to fourteen years. Rallying to her calls are novelist  John Grisham  justices Sonia Sotomayor and Ruth Bader Ginsburg who voted to stay should. And thousands on the way. For the victim's ", "range of twelve to fourteen years. Rallying to her calls are novelist John Grisham justices Sonia Sotomayor and Ruth Bader Ginsburg who voted to stay -- -- should. And thousands on the way. For the victim's ", 'the legal definition of mental retardation. Anyone with less than a seven can not be executed. Best selling author  John Grisham  has called XEQ should unjust. Even Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad on weighed in on Lewis accusing the western ', 'than a seven -- -- can not be executed. Best selling author John Grisham has called -- XEQ should unjust. Even Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad on weighed in on Lewis accusing the western media of having ', "concluded. Two rhesus functional mental in the range of twelve to fourteen years. Rallying to her calls are novelist  John Grisham  justices Sonia Sotomayor and Ruth Bader Ginsburg who voted to stay should. And thousands on the way. For the victim's ", "range of twelve to fourteen years. Rallying to her calls are novelist John Grisham justices Sonia Sotomayor and Ruth Bader Ginsburg who voted to stay -- -- should. And thousands on the way. For the victim's ", "250000. Dollar life insurance policy it's. We've back. And at all he hurt. But advocates from crime novelist  John Grisham  to Supreme Court justices Sonia Sotomayor and Ruth Bader Ginsburg. Even to Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad questioned ", '-- at all he -- -- hurt. But advocates from crime novelist John Grisham to Supreme Court justices Sonia Sotomayor and Ruth Bader Ginsburg. Even to Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad questioned whether she deserves the death ', "book for teens about. The kid who helps his uncle played bridge because his uncle's that I tell you that this job  John Grisham . I'm Theodore balloon kid lawyer you can imagine it's a real page turner. And the babysitter club is so it's ", "because his uncle's -- that I -- tell you that this job John Grisham . I'm Theodore balloon kid lawyer you can imagine it's a real page turner. And the babysitter club is -- so it's a ", "months was a scared isn't and and part of that. You know I don't come here you have those the house but. rhetoric  John Grisham  novels that the powerful people can do some things was I don't think He was but I but I think that. One when He took ", "come here you have those -- -- the house but. -- rhetoric John Grisham novels that the powerful people can do some things -- was -- I don't think He was but I but I think ", 'September 2007. When He fell behind MySpace. One of the best selling authors of our time is finally going digital  John Grisham  is making all 2.3 of his books available in electronic format. has expressed concern about releasing. One of the ', 'of the best selling authors of our time is finally going digital John Grisham is making all 2.3 of his books available in electronic format. -- has expressed concern about releasing. One of the most highly ', "investigative correspondent Brian Ross is here in New York Brian. the story might be familiar for anyone who has read  John grisham 's latest novel the appeal except this story is not fiction. Is a real life example of how private interest seemed ", "Brian. -- the story might be familiar for anyone who has read John grisham's latest novel the appeal except this story is not fiction. Is a real life example of how private interest seemed to pressure ", 'Webcast: Jerry Falwell; Taliban Resurgence; Private Equity 101; Plight of the Teenager', 'political manifesto. Democrats Joseph Biden and Chris Dodd tried to offend no one. Except maybe book critics by listening  John Grisham  books written over it Hillary Clinton apparently missed the point of the question. She chose a work of nonfiction ', 'Dodd tried to offend no one. Except maybe book critics by listening John Grisham books -- written over it Hillary Clinton apparently missed the point of the question. She chose a work of nonfiction. Doris Kearns ', 'political manifesto. Democrats Joseph Biden and Chris Dodd tried to offend no one. Except book critics by listing  John Grisham  books written over it Hillary Clinton apparently missed the point of the question. She chose a work of nonfiction ', "Dodd tried to offend no one. Except -- book critics by listing John Grisham books written over it Hillary Clinton apparently missed the point of the question. She chose a work of nonfiction. Doris Kearns Goodwin's "]