['Sebastian Arcelus, Fred Dalton Thompson and John Douglas Thompson will star in the stage adaptation of  John Grisham \'s "A Time to Kill" on Broadway. This is the first theatrical adaptation of a Grisham novel after a series of hit movies made ', 'lists for nearly a year. The company has also had successes this year with Gillian Flynn\'s mystery "Gone Girl" and  John Grisham \'s latest offering, "The Racketeer." The bonuses will arrive in employee pay checks next month. Those employees ', 'Birthdays 1925 Jack Lemmon 1931 James Dean 1932 John Williams 1940 Ted Koppel 1941 Nick Nolte 1953 Mary Steenburgen 1955  John Grisham  1955 Nancy Oliver 1960 Benigno Aquino III 1968 Gary Coleman 1970 Alonzo Mourning 1974 Seth Green 1982 Danny Tamberelli ', "Back in the dark ages -- say, 1995, -- there was an upstart little website called Amazon.com that fancied itself as the first real online bookstore . People didn't need to try a book on or squeeze it for freshness, the logic went, so books were a natural for e-commerce. Flash forward to 2011, and", 'Known for his grizzly tales of crime and justice, international best-selling author  John Grisham  offers another nail-biting thriller in "The Confession," slated for a November release. In a twisted tale about a convicted ', 'crime," said Richard Dieter, the executive director of the Death Penalty Information Center.  John Grisham  Opposed Execution of Teresa Lewis  John Grisham  , the well-known crime novelist, agreed. "Why," he wrote in an op-ed article for The ', 'executive director of the Death Penalty Information Center.  John Grisham  , the well-known crime novelist, agreed. "Why culpable than repeatedly shooting a sleeping victim?"  John Grisham  and Mahmoud Ahmadinejad Speak Out for Lewis Grisham ', 'Ashtiani, "nobody objects to the case of an American woman who is going to be executed." Popular novelist and lawyer  John Grisham  has written an op-ed for the Washington Post criticizing Virginia\'s implementation of the death penalty in Lewis ', 'Ashtiani "nobody objects to the case of an American woman who is going to be exectued." Popular novelist and lawyer  John Grisham  has written an op-ed for the Washington Post criticizing Virginia\'s implementation of the death penalty in Lewis ', 'David Baldacci "Next," Michael Crichton "Remains Silent," Michael Baden and Linda Kenney "The Broker,"  John Grisham  Click here to return to the "Good Morning America" website.', 'lessons. And like "Holes," it\'s wonderfully written. \'Theodore Boone: Kid Lawyer,\' by  John Grisham  This is the first book for kids by  John Grisham , whose name is synonymous with legal thrillers. Needless to say, it\'s a page-turner ', 'himself. The long legal battle, meanwhile, and Don Blankenship\'s long shadow in West Virginia, became the basis for  John Grisham \'s novel "The Appeal." And Blankenship is now channeling his political activism into his Twitter account . Asked ', 'fell behind MySpace. Grisham Goes Electronic One of the bestselling authors of our time is finally going digital.  John Grisham  is making all 23 of his books available in electronic format. Grisham has expressed concern about releasing e-books ', "and I minutes we put it through its paces standing right outside a bookstore she asked. Where can I get the latest  John Grisham  novel. It brought web sites buying it online. I think supplies for the digital. This is her verdict it's. Got ", "right outside a bookstore she asked. Where can I get the latest John Grisham novel. It brought -- web sites -- buying it online. I think supplies for the digital. This is her verdict it's. Got ", "I'm not entirely sure what this debt ceiling as I read a lot about it but debt ceiling to me sounds like a very boring  John Grisham  novel. birdies yeah. Important so we went out on the Hollywood boulevard today to ask people to explain to us I don't ", 'about it but debt ceiling to me sounds like a very boring John Grisham novel. -- birdies yeah. Important so we went out on the Hollywood boulevard today to ask people to explain to us I ', "concluded. Two functional mental age he's in the range of twelve to fourteen years. Rallying to her calls are novelist  John Grisham  justices Sonia Sotomayor and Ruth Bader Ginsburg who voted to stay should. And thousands on the way. For the victim's ", "range of twelve to fourteen years. Rallying to her calls are novelist John Grisham justices Sonia Sotomayor and Ruth Bader Ginsburg who voted to stay -- -- should. And thousands on the way. For the victim's ", 'the legal definition of mental retardation. Anyone with less than a seven can not be executed. Best selling author  John Grisham  has called XEQ should unjust. Even Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad on weighed in on Lewis accusing the western ', 'than a seven -- -- can not be executed. Best selling author John Grisham has called -- XEQ should unjust. Even Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad on weighed in on Lewis accusing the western media of having ', "concluded. Two rhesus functional mental in the range of twelve to fourteen years. Rallying to her calls are novelist  John Grisham  justices Sonia Sotomayor and Ruth Bader Ginsburg who voted to stay should. And thousands on the way. For the victim's ", "range of twelve to fourteen years. Rallying to her calls are novelist John Grisham justices Sonia Sotomayor and Ruth Bader Ginsburg who voted to stay -- -- should. And thousands on the way. For the victim's ", "250000. Dollar life insurance policy it's. We've back. And at all he hurt. But advocates from crime novelist  John Grisham  to Supreme Court justices Sonia Sotomayor and Ruth Bader Ginsburg. Even to Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad questioned ", '-- at all he -- -- hurt. But advocates from crime novelist John Grisham to Supreme Court justices Sonia Sotomayor and Ruth Bader Ginsburg. Even to Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad questioned whether she deserves the death ', "book for teens about. The kid who helps his uncle played bridge because his uncle's that I tell you that this job  John Grisham . I'm Theodore balloon kid lawyer you can imagine it's a real page turner. And the babysitter club is so it's ", "because his uncle's -- that I -- tell you that this job John Grisham . I'm Theodore balloon kid lawyer you can imagine it's a real page turner. And the babysitter club is -- so it's a "]