["DC United and city officials signed an agreement Thursday that would keep the Major League Soccer franchise in the District of Columbia with a new, $300 million soccer-only stadium.The city and the team would split the cost of the stadium, which is tentatively scheduled to open in 2016 in an industrial section of southwest Washington known as Buzzard Point.DC United, which has played in aging RFK Stadium since MLS' launch in 1996, had considered relocating to suburban Maryland, Virginia or even Baltimore. But co-owner Jason Levien said Thursday that he's been negotiating to keep the team in the district since he bought the club last year.The design for the new stadium has not been finalized, but officials said Thursday it would seat 20,000 to 25,000 people. The city will pay $150 million to acquire the land for the stadium and improve infrastructure, raising money for the deal through a complicated series of land swaps, while the team will spend $150 million to build the structure.''Th...", 'The Portland Timbers and D.C. United are two teams at complete opposite ends of the spectrum.The two sides will meet at RFK Stadium on Saturday, and while Portland w...', 'A pair clubs hoping to end their disappointing runs of form will meet at Toyota Park on Sunday when the Chicago Fire host D.C. United.The Fire ended their three-game...', 'The New England Revolution made the biggest statement of the weekend on Sunday with an impressive five-goal eruption, while the Philadelphia Union saved a point in T...', "FC Dallas Stadium will see a meeting between the league's best team and its worst on Saturday as FC Dallas hosts lowly D.C. United.Dallas and D.C. are two teams quic...", "After snapping the Houston Dynamo's record home unbeaten streak last weekend, Sporting Kansas City hopes to continue the losing streak of struggling D.C. United on S...", 'Two clubs at opposite ends of the Eastern Conference standings clash on Wednesday as D.C. United hosts the Houston Dynamo at RFK Stadium.Houston extended its unbeate...', "Back when Major League Soccer was in its infancy, D.C. United was the class of the league.Fast-forward to 2012 and the club from the nation's capital appears to be o...", "D.C. United looked poised to become a contender after a strong showing last term, but the club's start to the new campaign has left a lot to be desired.United finish...", 'A pair of fierce Eastern Conference rivals clash on Sunday as the Philadelphia Union battle I-95 foes D.C. United at RFK Stadium.Through six games this season, D.C. ...', 'It took a few weeks, but it appears the New York Red Bulls have finally awoken from their early season malaise, while Philadelphia Union poacher Jack McInerney is of...', 'Sporting Kansas City will put its stout defensive form on the line when the club faces D.C. United at Sporting Park on Friday.Kansas City, boasting a 2-1-2 record th...', 'In a rematch of the 2012 MLS Eastern Conference finals, the Houston Dynamo, reigning champions from the East, kick off the 2013 season by welcoming D.C. United to BB...', 'DC United and city officials signed an agreement Thursday that would keep the Major League Soccer franchise in the District of Columbia with a new, $300 million foot...', "A pair of heated Eastern Conference rivals will clash on Saturday as the Chicago Fire host D.C. United at Toyota Park.Saturday's tilt is crucial as both clubs need t...", "The Colorado Rapids will aim to extend their winning streak in league play to three consecutive matches on Sunday when the club hosts D.C. United at Dick's Sporting ...", 'D.C. United will look to get back on the winning track on Wednesday as the club faces a tough test against the Seattle Sounders at CenturyLink Field.After securing j...', 'D.C. United will hope to build upon its second victory of the season when it welcomes Vancouver Whitecaps FC to RFK Stadium on Saturday.United put an end to its abys...', 'The MLS Disciplinary Committee on Wednesday suspended San Jose Earthquakes midfielder Shea Salinas and Montreal Impact head coach Marco Schallibaum.Salinas was hande...', 'D.C. United has not had much to celebrate this season.The club enters the weekend riding a franchise-record 12-match winless run, rooting United to the bottom of the...']