['King Albert II of Belgium announced Wednesday, July 3, that he will abdicate the throne on July 21. His son, Crown Prince Philippe, will succeed him. Here the king attends a tribute to the unknown soldier on November 11, 2012, in Brussels, Belgium.', "King Albert II shakes hands with Giacinto Berloco, the Vatican's prelate to Belgium and Luxembourg, while he and Queen Paola attend a reception at the Palais de Bruxelles on January 9 in Brussels.", "Queen Paola and King Albert II in Luxembourg after the wedding of that nation's Prince Guillaume of and Princess Stephanie on October 20, 2012. ", 'Queen Paola and King Albert II attend the National Day Parade at Place des Palais on July 21, 2011 in Brussels.', 'King Albert II and Queen Paola pose in front of the Charles Bridge and Prague Castle on October 24, 2000, in Prague, Czech Republic. ', '(CNN) -- King Albert II of Belgium is abdicating his throne, effective July 21, he announced Wednesday.', 'His son Crown Prince Philippe will succeed him, he said in a nationally televised address.', 'European Commission President Jose Manuel Barroso issued a statement about the move.', '"It is with deep emotion that I hear the announcement of the abdication of His Majesty King Albert II. On behalf of the European Commission and on my own behalf, I wish to express to him my sincere thanks for his tireless efforts in the service of Belgium and Europe," the statement read.', 'Throughout his 20-year reign, Albert "has never ceased to be a staunch defender of the values that are the basis of the European construction," the statement said.', 'This South Korean couple has spent many of the past 60 years believing the other was dead. In fact, he was held prisoner by the North. ', 'The world finally knows how to address the latest addition to the British royal family: HRH Prince George Alexander Louis of Cambridge.', 'Captured on tape: A train derailed and snapped in two as it hurtled around a curve in Spain, killing 80 people.', 'Sinkholes are devouring 20 million square meters of land on the northern Chinese plain, destroying homes and displacing families. ', 'Posters offering a reward for information about Nazis still living in Germany have been put up in three cities. ', "CNN's Ivan Watson is given rare access to the opening of a cemetery for war veterans in North Korea's capital. ", 'From laptops to cars, the products you take for granted are made using African minerals.', '"He\'s got her looks, thankfully," said Prince William. Check out the first photos of the long-awaited royal baby. ', 'George H.W. Bush shaves his head to support a two-year-old with leukemia whose father is part of the Secret Service.', "They've long been considered topics that aren't polite to discuss at the dinner table. And as it turns out, they're touchy on Wikipedia as well. "]