["Alaskan Tour Guides pledges to traveling responsibly, caring to leave little or no impact to preserve the environment and experience for others. Our guides have an in-depth knowledge of Alaska and experiences to share. Safety is of primary concern, utilizing properly licensed and insured outfitters with good safety records and whenever possible employing Alaskan companies first in order to directly benefit Alaska's economy. We endorse and practice Leave No Trace Behind's skills and ethics to minimize the impact of our groups.\t\tVisit\tour Eco\tTours page for additional information.", 'Alaska tours to  Kenai Fjords National Park, Denali National Park, in-between and beyond. Explore glaciers, watch for wildlife, take part in many activities from thrilling to mild.', "Don't spend your vacation time waiting on other travelers, being herded through Alaska. Wouldn't you prefer to be 1 in 13 rather than 1 in 100? Small groups allow more time for adventure.", "Don't just see Alaska, discover, learn and participate with Alaskan Tour Guides' small group tours.", 'Travel Alaska exclusively as a family group with a custom multi-day vacation package to suit all ages and ensure everyone has  their ultimate adventure! ', 'Kayaking, Glacier treks, rafting, flightseeing tours, hiking, biking, wildlife watching, scenic drives, native culture, fishing, National Parks... fun and educational for all ages.', ' Adventures, moderate or mild, there are many activities to choose from to suit all interests and most budgets. ', 'Alaska cruise  transfer tours between the city of Anchorage and the ports of Whittier or Seward. ', 'Our guides are qualified and experienced Alaska residents who share their first hand knowledge and information for the benefit of your  vacation.', 'Get away from the crowds of the 2,000 passenger cruiseships and visit the real Alaska. ', '"Alaskan Tour Guides was one of the best tours I have ever been on... from China to Africa... [If] you want a once in a lifetime trip that you will always remember as being the best trip you ever did, this is it. You have found the right tour company." ', 'Adventure Tours / Scenic Tours / Iditarod Tour / Ultimate Alaska Fishing / Fall Foliage Tour', 'Alaska Tours for Women / Family Adventure Tours / Custom Tour Groups / Bearviewing Trips', 'Our small group tours of Alaska are designed to show you wildlife and sights beyond imagination. These land tours put you in touch with other Alaskan outfitters who will provide you a personal experience that can\'t be found in the "canned-tours" offered by the larger coaches. ', "Think about it, do you really want to wait for 100 other people to use the restroom, to get on or off the bus, to eat their lunch or check in to an activity or attraction, or do you want to spend your time exploring places those large coaches can't access, where you're one in 13, not one in 100?\t\t\t\t\t\t      "]