['broadway? Yes, it is. I\'m thrilled to be here.  Gore vidal  is a friend of mine. The minute I got the play, i said with you today. Thank you. And run, don\'t walk. " The best man ," playing on broadway right now. You\'re going to ', 'on this couch with you today. Thank you. And run, don\'t walk. " The best man ," playing on broadway right now. You\'re going to continue to see it. ', 'influenced a generation has passed away author and playwright  Gore Vidal  works. Include the novels Lincoln and Myra Breckenridge and his Tony nominated play.  The best man  was just revived on Broadway but was also known for his ', 'literary celebrity who influenced a generation has passed away author and playwright Gore Vidal -- works. Include the novels Lincoln and Myra Breckenridge and his Tony nominated play. The best man was just revived on Broadway but -- -- was also known for his outsize personality and scathing -- -- was a star ', "she got a big smile for the cameras outside the Gerald Schoenfeld theatre she's appearing in and the revival of  Gore Vidal the best man  but and they began dating back in May. And sit source told in touch magazine they're very different people she ", "the Gerald Schoenfeld theatre she's appearing in and -- the revival of Gore Vidal the best man but and they began dating back in May. And sit source told in touch magazine they're very different people she spoke sub ", "up TV superstar is taking over Broadway John and Kristin Davis. Okay. they're now lighten up Broadway in  Gore Vidal  is  the best man . One of the great tests. We've seen in some time and they are too great parts of the Kristin Davis and John ", "Kristin Davis. -- Okay. -- -- they're now lighten up Broadway in Gore Vidal is the best man . One of the great tests. We've seen in some time and they are too great parts of the Kristin Davis and John ", 'knee and Erica Kristy said yes by the way cubs scored nine runs in one minute. And he was an intellectual flame thrower  Gore Vidal  who road eight plays 26 novels and fourteen screenplays. Died yesterday he was also a sensation in the days when television ', 'nine runs in one minute. And he was an intellectual flame thrower Gore Vidal who road eight plays 26 novels and fourteen screenplays. Died yesterday he was also a sensation in the days when television like ', "who is preparing to run for president should automatically by definition be disqualified. From ever doing so. So said  Gore Vidal  but like it or not they're often running and some of what they're saying might seem perfectly nice. you really listen ", "should automatically by definition be disqualified. From ever doing so. So said Gore Vidal but like it or not they're often running and some of what they're saying might seem perfectly nice. -- -- you really ", 'wrote more than 5000 columns fifty books He charmed and exasperated and never backed down from a fight. Like this when  Gore Vidal  in 1960. You know and the only thing prologue crypto not that I can think of it yourself available in all they have diplomats ', 'and exasperated and never backed down from a fight. Like this when Gore Vidal in 1960. You know and the only thing prologue crypto not that I can think of it yourself available in all they ', "inspires people to look very carefully at the life around them and and to comment on And he's he's I guess along with  Gore Vidal  probably the most successful contemporary American. Satirist. He cast of cold high on the world around him. He made ", "and to comment on -- And he's he's I guess along with Gore Vidal probably the most successful contemporary American. Satirist. He cast of cold high on the world around him. He made us laugh and "]