['properties including  Marvel  and Star Wars for brands, such as  Marvel  and Beyblade, weakened pertaining to the  Marvel  properties extends global rights for  Marvel  characters such as  Iron Man  and  Spider - Man  for two more years ', 'Thor\'s evil brother, Loki, took over the  Marvel  Studios presentation at Comic-Con on Saturday. Lights flashed introduction of the "Guardians of the Galaxy" cast and a peek at " Avengers : Age of Ultron."', 'first film about the  Marvel  character, 2011\'s Feige, president of  Marvel  Studios and the film\'s clues to the new "The  Avengers " sequel should not much more than \' Iron Man  3\' or \'Thor: The the linchpin between \' Avengers \' 1 and \' Avengers \' 2," he said ', 'Fury character isn\'t part of the new " Marvel \'s Agents of SHIELD" television series oversees the global security spy agency in  Marvel \'s cinematic universe, including " Marvel \'s The  Avengers ." But so far he hasn\'t been contacted ', 'and Nick Fury in the  Marvel  cinematic universe, he as the co-creator of  Spider - Man , the Fantastic Four appeared on "The Amazing  Spider - Man  2" panel, plays a roadie Wonder Woman, Daredevil,  Iron Man , Superman, Thor and Green ', 'too. Attendees can wear  Avengers  perfume while walking in buying glass tumblers with  Marvel  superheroes on them, T-shirts Kevin Feige, president of  Marvel  Studios. "I think people Bendis, who writes for  Marvel  Entertainment, had a pilot ', 'Whedon, the writer-director-producer of " Marvel \'s The  Avengers ," \'\' Marvel \'s Agents of SHIELD," \'\'Buffy the Vampire as anything," said Kevin Feige, president of  Marvel  Studios. "They see there are great great stories ', 'realities of the  Marvel  film and television Can the new " Marvel \'s Agents of superheros from the  Marvel universe ? Whedon: The part of the  Marvel  collective idea that "The  Avengers " changed the game for the  Marvel  cinematic universe ', 'Thor\'s evil brother, Loki, took over the  Marvel  Studios presentation at Comic-Con on Saturday. Lights flashed introduction of the "Guardians of the Galaxy" cast and a peek at " Avengers : Age of Ultron."', 'first film about the  Marvel  character, 2011\'s Feige, president of  Marvel  Studios and the film\'s clues to the new "The  Avengers " sequel should not much more than \' Iron Man  3\' or \'Thor: The lynch pin between \' Avengers \' 1 and \' Avengers \' 2," he said ', 'Fury character isn\'t part of the new " Marvel \'s Agents of SHIELD" television series oversees the global security spy agency in  Marvel \'s cinematic universe, including " Marvel \'s The  Avengers ." But so far he hasn\'t been contacted ', 'than at Comic-Con International. Attendees can wear  Avengers  perfume while walking in Converse high-tops that have Batman on the sides. They can buy glass tumblers with  Marvel  superheroes on them and hats with The Flash lightning bolt ', 'in that character. But he notes, "It\'s only because I have kids now." Diesel also hinted at a future in the  Marvel universe  when responding to a fan question, saying only, "There\'s some very big news coming at the end of the month."', 'look at a major  Marvel Comics  event. The two teams in the  marvel universe  the  avengers  MEX men slug the upcoming  avengers  vs X-Men heavyweights the  avengers  and the X-Men book series from  marvel . That promises ', "Time for an exclusive first look at a major Marvel Comics event. The two biggest teams in the marvel universe the avengers MEX men slug it out in the upcoming -- -- avengers vs X-Men. It promises to shake up the comics world here's Dan -- with more. Comic book superheroes turned. Box office heavyweights the avengers and the X-Men. Now these super teams are squaring off in a twelve issue comic book series from marvel . That promises to be epic. The huge story right. And you know -- we're we're going to places that fans are not ", "movies. AMC is planning an epic stunt for the may fourth debut of the eagerly anticipated  avengers  They're screening all five previous  marvel  films  Iron Man  movies the incredible Hulk Thor and Captain America on Thursday may third. For forty bucks ", "an epic stunt for the may fourth debut of the eagerly anticipated avengers -- They're screening all five previous marvel films -- -- Iron Man movies the incredible Hulk Thor and Captain America on Thursday may third. For forty bucks fans can see all five it -- ", "super heroes of the  avengers  smashing records and US and Canada. The  avengers  200 million comfortably man the dark night.  Spider - Man  three me. And the hunger not even close to the  avengers  I think we're looking cast of superheroes.  Iron Man . Black widow of Captain ", "Million in its first three days in the US and Canada. The avengers 200 million comfortably meets that eclipsing other super movies. That man the dark night. Spider - Man three me. And the hunger games all took in 150 million in their first three days. Respectable but not even close to the avengers I think we're looking at. By far the biggest summer ever. Avengers is. Blowing the doors open the movie has been called an ocean's eleven in spandex. And all star cast assembled to play at all star cast of superheroes. Iron Man . Black widow of Captain America floor and the incredible Hulk. This movie should really by all accounts not work these characters do not belong to in this movie isn't possible but at the box office as in this grip. Hold is more powerful than the sum of the heart. I think the avengers have written a new formula a new formula not just in casting the distribution. The movie has already opened in 52 countries ", 'frenzy. The superhero team features  Iron Man  Thor Captain America and other passion because people laugh.  Marvel Comics  panel love each line of He had success war horse out December the  avengers  is due in May 2012. And here in ', 'about making -- -- as a pre existing passion because people laugh. Marvel Comics panel love each line of He had over here -- such a plot what brings all these superheroes together. Well low key. ', 'dead at the  Marvel  Entertainment chief of  Marvel Comics  who joins beauties of the  marvel universe . I think made the  marvel universe  the most because the  marvel universe  is had a characters in the  marvel universe Adam cap  Spider - Man  who is one point  Iron Man  Tony Stark ', "Captain America is dead at the Marvel Entertainment original has been a staple of comic book -- for more than 65 years. But this morning he bleeds to death on the steps of a courthouse building -- Victim to an unseen assassin Captain America number 25 released today could that be -- collapse know what hate. To help us sort through the commercial and political blow here's joke -- of the editor in chief of Marvel Comics who joins us live in New York. And -- -- isn't so tell us what happens in this episode. Well -- you ", "theaters Prius but  marvel  studios distributed what only the  avengers  all together Dark Knight  Spider - Man  three. And Can't touch  Iron Man  the movie was action packed.  Iron Man  three is now avengers  the new  Iron Man  opened first ", "wants a hero a superhero. I've met back into theaters Prius but marvel studios distributed by our parent company Disney and -- ABC's David Wright reports tonight the formula. Just might be ironclad. Tony -- don't need stuff I got a great girl and occasionally sees the world's. -- -- -- has now accomplished what only the avengers all together have done before. Beating Harry -- last stand at the box office opening weekend. Never -- the critics the box office says it all. -- 175. Million domestic easily eclipsing other super heroes. That man the Dark Knight Spider - Man three. And the Hunger Games all respectable franchises. Can't touch Iron Man the movie was great action packed. Iron Man three is now officially the second best debut of all time bested only by the movie people called the ocean's eleven and spend it. The event. I think the avengers have written a new formula. Like the avengers the new Iron Man opened first overseas. As we discovered at a recent reporting trip to China Hollywood studios are cashing in on the enthusiasm of overseas audiences. Especially for big budget action news room. Because -- yeah. As of today the 3-D street with a Iron Man has already surpassed the worldwide total box office. -- Iron Man Iron Man two Thor and Captain America. Globally Iron Man three has already taken in more than half a billion dollars. That's -- police dark -- David Wright ABC news. ", 'of superheroes  Marvel  Entertainment comic books. But  Iron Man  in the to the incredible Hulk.  Iron Man . Who of this franchises but  marvel  is now taking McCain called the  avengers . The  avengers bad guys. In  Iron Man  and the Hulk ', "The movies this is shaping up as the summer of superheroes Marvel Entertainment company famous for its comic books. But Iron Man in the -- to the big screen films that so far raked in more than 430 million dollars at the box office. As ABC's Miguel Marquez reports marble and a man who created its characters are planning quite a noncore. The incredible Hulk. Iron Man . Who of this summer's biggest movies already hinting that horse superheroes. -- along the way. This is meet the power cord or -- -- Stan Lee the man who created the characters says spider. The X-Men or huge franchises but marvel is now taking a page from comic books like never before. -- future movies and films out now. But we did that in the comics we trip. Though is a part superheroes. We put them together at them for McCain called the avengers . The avengers and ever changing roster of superheroes. Teaming up to fight bad guys. In Iron Man and the Hulk there are scenes that hint at an eventual avenger movie fans are all ready captivated. As every fan voicestream "]