['What you saw with the person on top it and  anime  style straddle position correct. Correct that was further described it was not as being grounded pound. Correct right. What ', 'What you saw with the person on top it and anime style straddle position correct. Correct that was further described it was not as being grounded pound. Correct right. What is ground and ', "I had no idea what this was I guess it's a  Japanese  series about Teenage ninja is that correct right right it's  anime  which is in kind.  Japanese animation . And I think what was first on guerrillas on ", "and I had no idea what this was I guess it's a Japanese series about -- Teenage ninja is that correct right right it's anime which is -- -- in kind. -- Japanese animation . And I think what was first on guerrillas on wireless last year. It is a comic book franchise so it's it's a ", "Reviews are good for the role playing game and need no wrath of the white which it's a collaboration by a top  Japanese animation  studio. It's like you're watching I'm animated movie and he really do an excellent job of combining. We ", "-- wrath of the white which it's a collaboration by a top Japanese animation studio. -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- It's like you're ", "table for him capital loophole. I look good. Doug and everybody where everybody can actually him. That amassing t.'s  anime  convention in will deliver the next time we have you on. Yet wolf we're not just tell everybody guy you gave three and ", "-- and everybody where everybody can actually -- him. That amassing t.'s anime convention in -- will deliver -- the next time we have you on. Yet wolf we're not just tell everybody guy you ", "vendetta all dark movies but this time they're saying we him for the whole thing him. We're going to do this like  Japanese anime . And what is going to be everything is in the same focused What you look at if you see something that was spectacular ", "-- for the whole thing him. We're going to do this like Japanese anime . And what is going to be everything is in the same focused -- What you look at if you see something that ", "just about everything. Lady Gaga has huge doe eyed stare which was computer generated was inspired by  Japanese  style cartoons like called  anime . And it's now the new must have a look for a lot of American girls. My favorite a purple and the ", "has huge doe eyed stare which was computer generated was inspired by Japanese style cartoons like -- called anime . And it's now the new must have a look for a lot of American girls. My favorite -- a purple and the ", "these ten ET 151000 kids leave home. Elsewhere there as they don't let. Waitresses dressed up like French meets  Japanese animation . Attracting fans of this unique subculture. Get that to share that entrance. Many customers also sign predict ", "as they don't let. -- Waitresses dressed up like French meets -- Japanese animation . Attracting fans of this unique subculture. Get that to share that entrance. Many customers also sign -- predict seventies and classes that ", "we're gonna get got it right. I think we did lots of stuff like. It was fun I haven't timing Sally I haven't latest  manga  peppers carrots lettuce and may make a quick dressing and you can freely. to a degree you can read. You obviously just trying ", "was fun I haven't timing Sally I haven't -- -- latest -- manga peppers carrots lettuce and may make a quick dressing and -- you can freely. -- -- to a degree you can read. ", "something goes wrong technological effects we see. Things that we do like the clip the old Rankin bass animation we do  anime  goes to like there's South Park there's. Charlie Brown. Wow that's pretty who was doing all of us that that's ", "do like the clip -- the old Rankin bass animation we do anime goes to like there's -- South Park there's. Charlie Brown. Wow that's pretty -- who was doing all of us that that's ", "doctor's report first obtained by ABC news reveals his nose was broke it. One witnesses said Martin was beating him quote  anime  style. Zimmerman is headed face scratched and bruised we the police said he screamed for help. Fourteen times in 38 seconds ", 'was broke it. One -- witnesses said Martin was beating him quote anime style. Zimmerman is headed face scratched and bruised we -- the police said he screamed for help. Fourteen times in 38 seconds. ', 'We West Virginia is a small place but from this modest home base scrappy native  anime  has done something Going after an abusive debt collector that was hounding her and people nationwide. And winning a massive judgment ', 'a small place but from this modest home base scrappy native -- anime has done something -- Going after an abusive debt collector that was hounding her and people nationwide. And winning a massive judgment. ', 'a planned attack in wrestlers YouTube videos. There any option hey did you lose your character without. By the way The  anime  fan chillingly plays with guns in those videos also poses with a fake gun pointed at the camera on his FaceBook page. also ', 'lose your character without. By the way -- -- -- -- The anime fan chillingly plays with -- guns in those videos also poses with a fake gun pointed at the camera on his FaceBook ', "well on tablets. Windows eight is one of the first operating systems that's going to be able to compete with the iPad.  Anime  favorite features is the fact that you can look at apps side by side and that's something I've always wanted to do iPad ", "operating systems that's going to be able to compete with the iPad. Anime favorite features is the fact that you can look at apps side by side and that's something I've always wanted to do ", "scene in the baker family's house  anime  hand clutching the railing the baker Chinese parents were students in Memphis  anime  was born prematurely. And they could 8000 miles away in southwest China  anime  is having our own adjustment issues ", "Avalon found out. Yeah this emotional scene in the baker family's house anime -- hand clutching the railing the baker family's heart wrenching sobs. Marked the end of a bitter seven year court bat. A tale that began when Anna Mae's Chinese parents were students in Memphis anime was born prematurely. And they could not afford the high medical bills. The agreement that the two families had. Was that and ", "the same -- and so forth. 8000 miles away in southwest China anime is having our own adjustment issues as we saw first hand on a recent visit to her new home Tom -- It's an innocent -- Chinese are -- American. -- -- -- -- -- -- stared into me here. On Wednesday it -- -- She now attends a boarding school where they're younger brother -- and sister -- during the week. In Memphis they were straight a report cards here anime is fighting to keep up. -- -- -- -- -- -- -- interests I have I can't ever can be -- If it's -- -- -- in need -- blood I just can't stand. And most weekends anime and her siblings tickets when He minute bus ride back home to her mother's three bedroom apartment. Lots -- just -- already ", "we've physically can -- And now with a newly installed web -- anime in the bakers can actually see each other while they talk. For the first time in nearly two years. Well. -- -- ", "scene in the baker family's house  anime  hand clutching the railing the baker 8000 miles away in southwest China  anime  is having our own adjustment issues Memphis they were a report cards here  anime  is fighting to keep up. Everything ", "Avalon found out. Yeah this emotional scene in the baker family's house anime -- hand clutching the railing the baker family's heart wrenching sobs. Mark the end of a bitter seven year court bat. A ", "the same -- and so forth. 8000 miles away in southwest China anime is having our own adjustment issues as we saw first hand on a recent visit to her new home Tom -- It's an innocent and He Chinese are you American. -- -- -- -- -- Think it's Daryn you know to me here. Analysts say they -- and beaten -- She now attends a boarding school where they're younger brother -- and sister -- during the week. In Memphis they were -- a report cards here anime is fighting to keep up. -- -- -- -- -- -- Everything -- -- I -- a lot of Glen Ellen can be lynch. Well if it's metric I don't they need -- blood I just can't stand. I'm most weekends anime and her siblings take a twenty minute bus ride back home to her mother's three bedroom -- Lots. Just it already back ", "we've physically can -- And now with a newly installed web -- anime in the bakers can actually see each other while they talk. For the first time in nearly two years. -- -- -- ", "serving Marla well again just think visually handheld size of the based tennis file and I've got it absolutely now you brought  manga  I love as well but I didn't realize that they were as popular Believe it or not they are the world's most popular fruits ", "based -- tennis file and I've got it absolutely now you brought manga I love -- as well but I didn't realize that they were as popular -- Believe it or not they are the ", 'You have eight lower priced I thought the legs out. Additives that supports we made right and Nathan pepper bacon in the  manga . The this is a high style almost death or Vietnamese style fights of now like to play a bond me out. with mustard crest ', 'supports -- we made -- right and Nathan pepper bacon in the manga . The -- -- this is a high style almost -- death or Vietnamese style fights of -- -- now like to play ', "Include works by Pablo Picasso and communities. Saying today live from London with the latest panel that's Tyson. Good morning  manga  brazen lack of to carried out by land at the of five paintings. as pigeon peas and Matisse is drop in all half a billion dollars ", "-- live from London with the latest panel that's Tyson. Good morning manga brazen lack of -- to -- carried out by land at the -- of five paintings. -- -- -- as pigeon peas "]