["the extreme  weather , record tropical  storm  andrea this, not a  twister  but something for more  severe weather  this weekend a classic  tornado  it's not. A super cell  thunderstorm  is not there russ. More  severe weather ? Yes. I ", "east television denver as the plains and midwest gear up for more severe weather this weekend. Ginger, you were telling me that's a land spout? Right. Even though it defines a classic tornado it's not. A super cell thunderstorm is not there. They have no rotation in that. That's actually a ground rotation, very different but still can be doing russ. More severe weather ? Yes. I want to show you what is involved here. As we go through the evening hours, anyone from south western high ", 'calling it "baked alaska" and while it is a treat it\'s no dessert. The great alaska  heat wave  of 2013 continues. Reporter: That\'s right  heat wave  the two words people in alaska usually hear about other places. It\'s very warm yes. Reporter ', "and while it is a treat it's no dessert. The great alaska heat wave of 2013 continues. Reporter: That's right heat wave the two words people in alaska usually hear about other places. It's very warm yes. Reporter: The land of polar bears, sled ", 'First, the latest on that  heat wave . So scorching, officials saying it could get too hot to actually in these zones to stay inside, in air conditioning, until the  heat wave  has passed. I got my infrared laser here. And the sidewalk ', 'First, the latest on that heat wave . So scorching, officials saying it could get too hot to actually fly in an airplane. Sam, up in central park for everything ', 'everyone in these zones to stay inside, in air conditioning, until the heat wave has passed. I got my infrared laser here. And the sidewalk, even right now, close to 100. ', 'phoenix, 119, and in vegas, going for the all-time high today of 117. Today, we begin day three of what is now a deadly  heat wave . It kind of beets you up after a while. Reporter: At least one person is dead in las vegas, and dozens have been hospitalized ', '117. Today, we begin day three of what is now a deadly heat wave . It kind of beets you up after a while. Reporter: At least one person is dead in las vegas, and dozens have ', 'big  snowstorm  that has be biggest  snowstorm  of the entire in winter  weather  is no joke vengeance. The  storm  stretches watch after  heavy snow  and ice bombarded threat becomes  severe weather  and 30 happening already seen  tornado  watches throughout unfortunate  storm  being another ', "Hartford going to get. -- -- even six locally. Next threat becomes severe weather and -- 30 happening this morning we've already seen tornado watches throughout the early morning hours Birmingham Atlanta Columbia all in the heart of that here. The next graphic highlights an unfortunate storm being another storm that's going to hit the Pacific northwest. They get more rain more flooding. And just a bigger mess and got some good ", "of smoke. Which has the potential to kick out embers as far as a mile away. Another concern dry lightning it's like a  thunderstorm . Without any rain that lightning hits the ground and could possibly. Ignites in multiply that fire and reporting tonight ", "far as a mile away. Another concern dry lightning it's like a thunderstorm . Without any rain that lightning hits the ground and could possibly. Ignites in multiply that fire and reporting -- tonight from California ", "Helmet while what we're showing  weather  graphics like we're really however. Sports so there's a  tornado  on the notion that picks up sharks and he jumps through him with a  tornado  with a chainsaw in the  tornado  in the comes up that is. It ", "about located. -- -- It isn't meteorological however. Sports so there's a tornado on the notion that picks up sharks. That it moves over what have. But it drops looked out onto the poor masses ", "him from upon the sky and he jumps through him with a tornado with a chainsaw in the tornado in the comes up that is. It was a scary. Yeah. I'm glad I think every kind of -- -- your scariest ", 'the extreme  weather  across the survived the  tornado  the week before car by the  twister . Tonight Three veteran  storm  chasers now car by the  tornado . One was 45. Large  tornado . Reporter tonight as the  severe weather  now moves ', "in his passing and for the others, I think a lot of storm chasers will dedicate even more research to this. It is not just for the thrill. It is to learn, to warn, and just to be a great man. And that's who tim and the others were. Well, his work is to be applauded. As he would want you to do, ginger, to move forward. So, what's the forecast tonight as the severe weather now moves? And that's exactly what we want to do. We want to warn. So, in the northeast tonight, this is who ", "see extreme  weather  the  flash flood  the city the extreme  weather  record heat tropical  storm  Andrea what that's not a  twister  right something for more  severe weather  this weekend a classic  tornado  it is not a classic  tornado  super cell parents  thunderstorm  is not there tonight more  severe weather  yet this ", "that suspect at the -- hundred rounds of ammunition and see extreme weather the flash flood the city -- filling with water and this was no -- don't want Watson. Tonight he now sending ambulances to a graduation. ", "this wild  weather  is producing that that  tornado  in oklahoma scientist,  storm  chasers friday's  twister  was in el the moore  tornado  a week and the joplin  tornado  that killed again those  weather  alerts are ", "D tonight, there is new proof this wild weather is producing things we have never seen before. Today scientists announced that that tornado in oklahoma is the widest tornado ever recorded on earth. It was a wrecking ball, 2.6 miles wide and abc's david kerley on what this tells us. Reporter: We knew it was fast, massive and deadly. Get down, duck down! Rter: At least 18 killed in all, including three highly respected scientist, storm chasers. But tonight we've learned just how big friday's twister was in el reno oklahoma? I've been through tornadoes, but nothing like this. Reporter: It was a record-breaker, the widest swath of destruction since we started keeping track 60 years ago. It was 2.6 miles wide, twice as wide as the moore tornado a week and a half earlier, and the joplin tornado that killed 158 in 2011 was only 3/4 of a mile wide. The most powerful tornadoes with winds over 200 miles an HOUR, ARE CALLED EF-5s. Friday in oklahoma was just the 60th ef-5 since 1950. Remarkably, oklahoma had two in just 11 days. Powerful be ins producing deadly results. Reminding us again those weather alerts are real. David kerley, abc news, washington. ", "the nation is gripped by a record  heat wave . Much of the southwest is sweating Reporter: Summer's heat -- already a  weather  blockbuster. Today it's 110 degrees what they did for us. Reporter: The  weather  today offered some relief from the ", "country. A huge swath of the nation is gripped by a record heat wave . Much of the southwest is sweating through triple digits and the east is facing another day of torrential rains and flash floods. We're in maricopa county with the very lest. Reporter: Summer's heat -- already a weather blockbuster. Today it's 110 degrees in phoenix. Records this week melted away. Yuma, arizona -- 118. Las vegas -- 117. Death valley ", 'guys and, you know, know what they did for us. Reporter: The weather today offered some relief from the heat in a town that deserves a break. ', 'Now a kind of all points bulletin for millions of american families about feeling the heat. The dangerous heat moving in across the west and southwest of the country. Did you know that heat kills more americans than all over natural disasters combined? Temperatures climb something high that', 'Now a kind of all points bulletin for millions of american families about feeling the heat. The dangerous heat moving in across the west and southwest of the country. Did you know that heat kills more americans than all over natural disasters combined? Temperatures climb something high that', 'but not until after the holiday for some. Too bad not until after the holiday. Ginger, thank you. The other major  weather  headline this evening coming to', 'bad not until after the holiday. Ginger, thank you. The other major weather headline this evening coming to ', "Severe weather  threatening end of the  storm  zone already for more  severe weather  tonight two EF one  tornado  it's reports of  severe weather  in just the Now that  severe weather  area even one more  weather  note official season's first  hurricane  has made ", "Severe weather threatening more than half the country tonight violent storms from Texas all the way to new England and this comes on the heels what has already been a turbulent 24 hours. ABC's meteorologist ginger -- is set to chase the storms Wichita Falls, Texas ginger. Get George we're here on the southern end of the storm zone already tornadoes reported just to -- -- in the panhandle of Texas as far north as Nebraska the winds have been gusting here out ahead of these severe storms to around. Forty miles per hour the atmosphere is ready for more severe weather tonight. Tonight skies are angry across the plains and midwest again look at this while surveillance video. The power of torrential rain ", "tons of hail and in Western Pennsylvania. Cleanup after two EF one tornado it's. And then that monster in mid Michigan. Rated EF two it was one of six confirmed tornadoes in Michigan. Incurred rich actually -- hate fee is relieved her house was destroyed but her family is fine. I just threw -- government kids' heads and held. We're just praying for safety and it was over before I knew it I -- they're safe and that's -- me. They've been more than 1000 reports of severe weather in just the last week. More than 250 Tuesday but so far with this outbreak flooding and lightning have been the biggest ", "tornadoes from Nebraska down through Kansas Oklahoma and northern Texas. Now that severe weather area even includes parts of the northeast and tomorrow the severe storm -- -- -- all the way from North Dakota. -- the Texas open at least another 36 hours of violent weather -- A lot of people hunkering down tomato -- you thanks and one more weather note official word that the season's first hurricane has made landfall. Here's hurricane Barbara moving over southeastern Mexico. It's expected to turn north -- night packing winds near 75 miles an hour. ", "To the  storm  front that left a trail of destruction ginger zee on the real danger and the new  severe weather  threat as we head into the weekend. Reporter knock it down. Watch in real time. When a  storm  hits, have shelter that's safe even ", "To the storm front that left a trail of destruction. Several deaths are being blamed on falling trees. Abc's ginger zee on the real danger and the new severe weather threat as we head into the weekend. Reporter: The rain fell in sheets. In west virginia, flash flooding. A rescuer, here trying ", "wild weekend of  weather . 341  storm  reports including powerful ef-4  tornado  on monday. Ginger withstand. If that  tornado  would have been eventually the  tornado  wipes out their I'll have the full  severe weather  outlook and the ", "cruise industry is still -- that's right. Now a wild weekend of weather . 341 storm reports including 22 tornadoes and everything from deadly flash floods in texas to three feet of snow in new england. Some of the most extraordinary moments all captured inside a powerful ef-4 tornado on monday. Ginger zee in for sam. Has that incredible video. It is dramatic. Of the 16 reported tornadoes yesterday one was west of topeka, kansas, and these guys deliberately went inside a preliminary ef-4 tornado . Take a look and listen. This morning, a rare moment caught on tape. This is what it looks like inside a powerful tornado . And this is what it feels like. Ears are popping. Your ears pop and then you just have that loud roar like that jet engine. Reporter: Listen as the pressure drops and tornado engulfs storm chasers brandon ivey and sean casey. They hold on and ride out the unbelievable storm . They're fully equipped tornado intercept vehicle known as the tiv is made for this. What we experienced in the vehicle is pretty much the maximum winds we could withstand. If that tornado would have been any stronger wind could have gotten under the vehicle and really allowed that vehicle to become airborne. Reporter: The pair crossed the amazing 175-mile-per-hour winds eventually the tornado wipes out their anemometer tracking that wind speed. Even though we've been chasing for a number of years and have plenty of experience doing it and I'm getting close to the tornadoes, there's always a little bit of fear in the back of your mind. Reporter: Now, I've known these guys for years. The storm chasing community has to be trained and you have to be experienced. They are and that armored vehicle made for that. Don't try this at home. More incredible storms happening in the center of the nation, unfortunately, again, the setup, the jet stream digging in and almost hitting backward. We call it a negative tilt. That is going to be trouble from oklahoma to kansas to missouri and beyond. I'll have the full severe weather outlook and the nation's weather but now back to george ann. Have you ever gotten that close. I've been very close and nosing in. Sometimes you choose ", 'under threat of  severe weather  once again. Including tonight over the new  weather  moving in and a dangerous. This  tornado  wise. He relentless a break in the  weather . If on the body calls for more  severe weather . Thunderstorms ', "From coast to coast millions of Americans are under threat of severe weather once again. Including a lot of people already battered by tornadoes floods and fires and ABC's Alex Perez. Is standing watch tonight over the new weather moving in and a new way of -- the power or of the wins this weekend Alex. -- -- -- blade to a wind turbine -- show it to -- from a different angle from a book -- -- take a look at this it is a massive about a 150 feet long. The violent winds picked up and slammed up against that building a day -- center -- luckily no one what's inside that. Building but he gives you an idea of just how dangerous. This tornado wise. He relentless outbreaks of twisters -- no. Flooding here in Oklahoma has proven too much for -- Richardson and her daughter Alexis is just heartbreaking because everything she worked for all your -- In homes and -- on. At least fourteen dead from this latest outbreak search crews around whenever there's a break in the weather . If on the body of any -- grow this afternoon and adding to the tornado damage torrential downpours caused this massive sinkhole. And as these stores -- east they're bringing flooding from Illinois to New Jersey and even another tornado in South Carolina. From New York City lightning striking the Freedom Tower and in the Bronx. -- rain delay at the Yankees ", 'a break the forecast for the next 24 hours calls for more severe weather . Thunderstorms hail and yes possibly. The threat of another tornado . ', "extreme winter  weather  raging across there's some very  heavy snow  falling in wichita there for a  storm  that will have pounded with  heavy snow . At least one That's the  drought . So dry. So to where the  ice storm  warnings are ", "were deep cracks in the earth. And we saw that. That's the drought . So dry. So, every, single flake, very welcome in this part of the world. Sam? Yeah, ginger. It's going to be a rough day for them. We saw the same thing on twitter. It's so dry, people are glad to get anything they can. Ginger zee, in for a rough 24 hours in the middle of the country. Here's where the ice -- we'll break this up in chunks for you. In this area, little rock, to where the ice storm warnings are, through missouri. We've spread it to indianapolis, cincinnati and into western virginia, as well. Then, there's accumulating snow. This is ", 'To this  severe weather  from Texas all the way They got the boy yeah. A  flash flood  emergency across the midwest overhang. All leftovers of a  storm . That dropped almost a more flooding concerns and  severe weather  yesterday this Kansas City ', 'To this severe weather from Texas all the way up to the midwest take a look at the hail that fell in Missouri we got this. ', "much water main legal bills gas station overhang. All leftovers of a storm . That dropped almost a year's worth of rain in just 36 hours. And the forecast unfortunately some heavy -- still moving now to the east look at -- bull's -- for the two to three inches that includes Nashville parts of western Kentucky. And Springfield all the way to Memphis still -- that one to even two inches -- -- the rain not done with them yet more flooding concerns and severe weather yesterday this -- Kansas City airport not pretty. "]