['a $250,000 loan that was taken out in June 2011 --and only $368.33 has been repaid. Or to " Three Cups of Tea " author  Greg Mortenson  , who was recently ordered to repay $1 million in donations to his various charities. Or to phony ', '287 million in 2009. In April,  Greg Mortenson , author of the book,  Three Cups of Tea , and builder of schools in remote Minutes" broadcast, his non-profit,  Central Asia Institute , was accused of spending excessive ', '287 million in 2009. In April,  Greg Mortenson , author of the book,  Three Cups of Tea , and builder of schools in remote Minutes" broadcast, his non-profit,  Central Asia Institute , was accused of spending excessive ', "recess. It's no mystery why GOP Presidential candidates are keeping at arms-length from the House plan. NOTABLE:  THREE CUPS OF TEA  PARTY FOR ROMNEY. Speaking of presidential candidates, one of the big questions heading into the 2012 campaign ", '" Three Cups of Tea " author  Greg Mortenson  \'s charity will central conceit of " Three Cups of Tea " is that Mortenson\'s that Greg uses  Central Asia Institute  as his private he said. " Three Cups of Tea " was co-written ', "ABC News' Amy Walter reports: One of the big questions for 2012: which Republican will win the affection of Tea Party voters. While ex-Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin and Rep. Michele Bachmann are the most closely identified with the Tea Party...", 'publisher of "  Three Cups of Tea  " said today that author  Greg Mortenson  fabricated conceit of " Three Cups of Tea " is that Greg uses  Central Asia Institute  as his private he said. " Three Cups of Tea " was co-written ', '"  Three Cups of Tea  " author  Greg Mortenson  sent an email others. " Three Cups of Tea ," tells the book \' Three Cups of Tea \' that occurred website of the  Central Asia Institute , which was Greg uses  Central Asia Institute  as his private succeed." " Three Cups of Tea " was co-authored ', 'intellect and the direct advice that she provides to her husband of 35 years. She once told him to read  Greg Mortenson \'s " Three Cups of Tea " as a good way to understand the realities of life in rural Afghanistan. Hollister "Holly" Knowlton ', "bills, click here . Teaching by Example For mountaineer  Greg Mortenson  , the path to peace begins in the mind of a child. Mortenson villages. Since its inception, Mortenson's non-profit,  Central Asia Institute , has built 78 schools for 33,000 children. Mortenson's ", "The scandal surrounding Greg and author of the best selling book  three cups of tea  is growing. Montana's attorney general is now investigating his charity after accusations He personally benefited. From donations that were made to help build schools in Pakistan and Afghanistan.", "The scandal surrounding Greg -- and author of the best selling book three cups of tea is growing. Montana's attorney general is now investigating his charity after accusations He personally benefited. From donations that were made to help ", "here in Bozeman a beautiful place than last year's drama from Pakistan Afghanistan. Your new book picks up where  three cups of tea  left off this time year. If focused on this remote northeast section of Afghanistan in your building a school at ", "last year's drama from Pakistan Afghanistan. Your new book picks up where three cups of tea left off -- this time year. If focused on this remote northeast section of Afghanistan in your building a school at an "]