["Major League Soccer's 18th season begins on Saturday, and so the time has come to offer some predictions for the coming year.Several MLS franchises have made wholesa...", 'It is not the quintessential MLS derby match, but the Columbus Crew and D.C. United will renew their historic rivalry when they square off at RFK Stadium on Saturday...', 'The New York Red Bulls find themselves in familiar territory at the start of the 2013 Major League Soccer season.New York has never claimed an MLS Cup title and has ...', 'D.C. United homegrown defender/midfielder Andy Najar has completed a move to Belgian side R.S.C. Anderlecht, the club announced on Wednesday.Najar initially went ove...', 'With the first Atlantic Cup match of the new season taking place at Red Bull Arena on Saturday, there are plenty of juicy storylines for fans to sink their teeth int...', 'Taylor Twellman, Tony Sanneh lead 1st-timers eligible for US Soccer Hall of Fame', 'Forward Taylor Twellman and defender Tony Sanneh are among five first-time eligible players on the ballot for the U.S. Soccer Hall of Fame.Twellman, now a broadcaste...', "D.C. United has quietly turned its fortunes around after a disastrous 2010, and its road form has been a major reason why Ben Olsen's club is just two points out of ...", 'The love came cascading down from the upper deck, echoing through a quickly emptying stadium."Bennie Olsen!" Clap. Clap. Clap-clap-clap."Bennie Olsen!" Clap. Clap. C...', 'Superstorm Sandy caused enough damage in New York and New Jersey to make an impact on the MLS playoffs.The third-seeded New York Red Bulls were scheduled to host the...', "The Houston Dynamo barely sneaked into the playoffs after slumping toward the end of the regular season. Now, they're on the verge of repeating as Eastern Conference...", 'D.C. United is looking for success on the road to advance in the MLS playoffs.D.C. United and the New York Red Bulls each had a second-half own goal and finished in ...', "New York Red Bulls forward Thierry Henry, San Jose forward Chris Wondolowski and Kansas City' midfielder Graham Zusi are the finalists for Major League Soccer's Most...", 'Eastern Conference rivals D.C. United and the Philadelphia Union will meet at RFK Stadium on Sunday in a match that has major playoff implications.For long stretches...', 'The second leg of the Eastern Conference semifinals between D.C. United and the New York Red Bulls was postponed by snow Wednesday night.After a delay of about one h...', 'The Houston Dynamo advanced to their second straight MLS Cup final and fourth in seven years, tying D.C. United 1-1 Sunday for a 4-2 aggregate win in the Eastern Con...', 'The road to MLS Cup sure looks like it might end at the Home Depot Center once again.Houston and Los Angeles assumed firm control of their conference championship ti...', "It feels like it is mentioned every year around this time, but the most recent edition of the MLS season was one of the league's best.Perhaps we are simply prisoners...", 'DC United goalkeeper Bill Hamid closed his eyes and held out his hands, open palms facing him. He prayed before the second leg of the Eastern Conference semifinal ki...']