['Some say that a painting with strong resemblance to masterpiece could also be painted by artist.', 'A mystery and masterpiece by  Leonardo Da Vinci  may be hitting in the walls behind another painting. Historians believe this fresco titled the battle of eight Exists on a wall ', 'A mystery and masterpiece by Leonardo Da Vinci may be hitting in the walls behind another painting. Historians believe this fresco titled the battle of eight -- Exists on a ', "historical fantasy theories about the great genius  Leonardo Da Vinci  this week. It's called the think she's demons need to kind of ignorant. But now you are playing  Leonardo Da Vinci  tell us about that is exciting to place Famous historical ", "Stars premieres its new historical fantasy theories about the great genius Leonardo Da Vinci this week. It's called the think she's demons and it highlights the adventures of -- 25 year old that in cheek as ", "would you need to kind of ignorant. But now you are playing Leonardo Da Vinci tell us about that is -- exciting to place -- Famous historical care it's incredible landing an intimidating ticking because we're bringing ", 'supper at the iconic painting by  Leonardo Da Vinci  that sparked international obsession reports. The last supper one of  Leonardo Da Vinci  is most famous frescoes a centuries revealed millions crushing several  Leonardo Da Vinci  web sites today those sites ', "Controversial new theory about the last supper at the iconic painting by Leonardo Da Vinci that sparked international obsession when it was featured in the the Vinci code over the movie. But now -- high tech analysis of the painting seems to have uncovered. A brand new secret -- Hidden in those familiar images a secret message inside. A masterpiece -- -- -- not ABC's -- Hobson reports. The last supper one of Leonardo Da Vinci is most famous frescoes a centuries old -- Turkey's. Boulder -- ground -- and eventually -- -- rounded. And argues that Jesus ", 'Internet just hours after it was revealed millions -- -- crushing several Leonardo Da Vinci web sites today those sites are still down. Some are -- -- there was some fairly fancy camera work. Being done and that you can make computer generated image is do what you want them to do. So did Leonardo Da Vinci -- -- own secret key route or is it just another conspiracy theory. The Good Morning America Lama has an ABC news ', "Scientists in Italy may have uncovered the skeleton of  Leonardo da Vinci's  muse.", "pet door that has a latch on it this is very funny pump costs so. Pup counts right it is also a cat cost so about  Leonardo Da Vinci  yeah are we are like us OK so you put the the that comes with it downton it's here picked on that you put the plastic ", "so. Pup counts right it is also a cat cost so about Leonardo Da Vinci yeah are we are -- like us OK so you put the the -- that comes with it downton it's here picked ", "pick-pocketing kids bringing the great museums to its knees, targeting the unsuspecting tourists too busy soaking in  leonardo da vinci 's mona lisa and the ancient greek statue venus de milo. They're even preying on their staff, who were so fed ", "museums to its knees, targeting the unsuspecting tourists too busy soaking in leonardo da vinci's mona lisa and the ancient greek statue venus de milo. They're even preying on their staff, who were so fed up they ", "make their case today for the authenticity of what's called the worth. Mona Lisa they say that it was painted by  Leonardo Da Vinci  about ten years before the Mona Lisa we all know. And it is a painting of the same woman slightly younger that same ", 'the -- worth. Mona Lisa they say that it was painted by Leonardo Da Vinci about ten years before the Mona Lisa we all know. And it is a painting of the same woman slightly younger that ', "but TX and its and to. Which is part of the reason it's called. After the Dutch painter Vincent go. I try and  Leonardo Da Vinci  Michelangelo. Business like just general rules read off the time. That's Doug marks representing the artistic ", "-- -- After the Dutch painter Vincent -- go. I try and Leonardo Da Vinci Michelangelo. Business like -- -- -- just general rules read off the time. That's Doug marks representing the artistic side of the ", "with what struck out really good ready all right. Now Silvio Weinstock Sylvia Weinstock now she's known as the  Leonardo Da Vinci  of cakes he's based here in New York she's on wedding cakes for Mariah Carey for Catherine Zeta-Jones. And ", "all right. Now Silvio Weinstock Sylvia Weinstock now she's known as the Leonardo Da Vinci of cakes he's based here in New York she's on wedding cakes for -- -- Mariah Carey for Catherine Zeta-Jones. And she ", "entire trip which the student downloaded to his computer to get this picture a self portrait. Pretty finally one of  Leonardo Da Vinci  is great ideas comes full circle a Japanese paid tribute to the busy this weekend. By taking flight in the world's ", "to get this picture a self portrait. Pretty -- finally one of Leonardo Da Vinci is great ideas comes full circle a Japanese -- paid tribute to the busy this weekend. By taking flight in the world's ", "It. And welcome back to another edition of what's my logo I'm Amanda Miller. So you Weinstock is that  Leonardo Da Vinci  of custom cakes. She's been creating confectionery masterpieces for over three decades and her cakes are not only ", "of what's my logo I'm Amanda Miller. So you Weinstock is that Leonardo Da Vinci of custom cakes. She's been creating confectionery masterpieces for over three decades and her cakes are not only works of art famous ", "Welcome back to another edition of what's my logo I'm Amanda Miller. So you Weinstock is that  Leonardo Da Vinci  of custom cakes she's been creating confectionery masterpieces for over three decades. And her cakes are not only works of art ", "of what's my logo I'm Amanda Miller. So you Weinstock is that Leonardo Da Vinci of custom cakes she's been creating confectionery masterpieces for over three decades. And her cakes are not only works of art famous ", "Okay they say imitation is the sincerest form of flattery of course but not. Sure if  Leonardo Da Vinci  would agree in this case and Iowa. As recreated the Mona Lisa without using any hate He made this masterpiece that you're looking ", 'is the sincerest form of flattery of course but not. Sure if Leonardo Da Vinci would agree in this case and -- Iowa. As recreated the Mona Lisa without using any hate He made this masterpiece that ', "fits that model while vertically gifted actress Nicole Kidman for the rest of us we can one man for his invention  Leonardo Da Vinci  is noted as one of the person banners at high heeled shoes personally like to thank mr. because he's looking live ", "the rest of us we can -- one man for his invention Leonardo Da Vinci is noted as one of the person banners at high heeled shoes personally like to thank mr. -- because he's looking live ", "familiar of course it's a riff on the last supper by  Leonardo Da Vinci . The whimsical perhaps others blasphemy and for more Seemed appropriate to do a piece that was up from  Leonardo Da Vinci  and since dogs for fifteen years usually shelter dogs ", "looks familiar of course it's a riff on the last supper by Leonardo Da Vinci . The whimsical -- perhaps others blasphemy and for more we're joined now live from Scottsdale Arizona by Ron burns the artist who ", 'thought it. Seemed appropriate to do a piece that was up from Leonardo Da Vinci and since -- -- dogs for fifteen years usually shelter dogs. I -- -- -- and dogs together and this is the ', 'around the world. And it has an exhibit on modern mapping. Inside the exhibit you find just incredible maps from.  Leonardo Da Vinci  in March we were able to get maps from the Vatican and the British royal families and other places. We even have ', 'on modern mapping. Inside the exhibit you find just incredible maps from. Leonardo Da Vinci in March -- we were able to get maps from the Vatican and the British royal families and other places. We even ', "painting of the last supper. What do you think I don't believe Mary no well I don't I disagree with the idea that  Leonardo Da Vinci  paid agreement when and that peace. I actually believe that as one of Mary children. In the pizza at OK a way out ", "Mary -- no well I don't I disagree with the idea that Leonardo Da Vinci paid agreement when and that peace. I actually believe that as one of Mary -- -- children. In the pizza at OK "]