['Fruitvale Station"; Richard Linklater\'s serial romance "Before Midnight"; an acclaimed rendition of Shakespeare from  Joss Whedon  ("Much Ado About Nothing"); and possibly the best Woody Allen film in a decade ("Blue Jasmine"). The summer ', 'Fruitvale Station"; Richard Linklater\'s serial romance "Before Midnight"; an acclaimed rendition of Shakespeare from  Joss Whedon  ("Much Ado About Nothing"); and possibly the best Woody Allen film in a decade ("Blue Jasmine"). The summer ', "The biggest rock stars at Comic-Con this year weren't the guys in Metallica and Weezer, but the fellows named  Joss Whedon , Robert Kirkman and Neil Gaiman. These purveyors of super heroes, zombies and Lovecraftian mystery are smashing records ", 'Joss Whedon  is the busiest man at Comic-Con. The multihyphenate visionary talked television on Friday, film on Saturday and rounded out ', 'wounded before the shooting stopped. Since then, Giffords and Kelly have been lobbying for stricter gun control laws.  Joss Whedon  "Buffy the Vampire Slayer" creator Joh Whedon is set to deliver the commencement address for Wesleyan\'s graduation ', 'The Avengers" took the top golden popcorn prize at the MTV Movie Awards, winning three awards. Writer-director  Joss Whedon  accepted saying, "This is the award that means the most to me. I am so grateful and very excited for 2015. We\'re ', "film's release date before even offering a look at the script or story. The job, of course, eventually went to  Joss Whedon , and the rest is history. Box office-exploding history.", 'When director  Joss Whedon  released a hilarious satirical video "endorsing" Mitt Romney for putting the country back on track toward a zombie apocalypse ', 'business as usual politics and finally put this country back on the path to a zombie apocalypse," writer and director  Joss Whedon  says in the joke video . Users watched the parody more than 800,000 times during its first 24 hours on the Internet ', 'Beauty and the Beast, Benson Matthew Weiner Mad Men, The Sopranos John Wells Southland, ER, China Beach, Third Watch  Joss Whedon  Dollhouse, Buffy the Vampire Slayer, Angel, Roseanne Vanessa Williams Ugly Betty, Desperate Housewives Larry Wilmore ', 'and in " The Avengers" he\'s consistently funny throughout. Much of that credit also must go to writer-director  Joss Whedon , whose gift for characterization and crackling dialogue is well-known to fans of " Buffy the Vampire Slayer" and ', 'said. "You get nothing done," said Jeremy Renner, who plays Hawkeye in the film. And if "Avengers" director  Joss Whedon  wanted to get their attention? "He would clap and scream and say, \'Children!\'" Renner said. "Yes, he\'d be ', 'I really need to tell you anymore to sell you on this one? "Angel" When Buffy and Angel\'s romance was donezo,  Joss Whedon  decided that it was time to give the brooding good vampire and his leather trench coat his own series. And he brought ']