["Let's get to sam, out there in times square, with the deadly  heat wave  smothering so much of the country right now. This is a big That's in an awful lot of the country again. This deadly summer  heat wave . And the summer sizzle continues to blanket the u.S. It ", "Let's get to sam, out there in times square, with the deadly heat wave smothering so much of the country right now. This is a big one today and for tomorrow. Look at the jumbotron. That's what our heat index level is in times square right now. It feels like 87 degrees. The normal high temperature in times square is 85 degrees. The real numbers are going into THE 90s. The heat index, going from 100 to 110. That's in an awful lot of the country again. This deadly summer heat wave . And the summer sizzle continues to blanket the u.S. It feels like they're going to explode. It's so hot. Reporter:22 states from ", 'We move next to the fact that there are still  flash flood  emergencies in parts of the southwest tonight. The images tells us this flood was more than 40 miles away from the  storm  that caused it. Reporter: Surging through the desert ', 'We move next to the fact that there are still flash flood emergencies in parts of the southwest tonight. The images are pooring in including this one from southern utah. Ginger zee tells us this flood was more than 40 miles away from the storm that caused it. Reporter: Surging through the desert. Flash floods made for a dramatic weekend under water in the southwest. At least ', "then that night. Here's where the  severe weather  moves they got to the map because have much more coming up nation's  weather  for now though let's get Dan to hear it thank you whatever the  weather  today there are expecting thousands ", "us that whenever I'm gonna get then that night. Here's where the severe weather moves they got to -- -- the map because you've got to be alert in northeast and New England that area along the cold front not only gonna bring relief but of course the severe storms most of them in the afternoon and evening. And the cool down you got to see the number -- Chicago even making it. Back into the seventies by the time we start the new work week I'll have much more coming up -- nation's weather for now though let's get -- Dan. Good you're good to hear it thank you whatever the weather today there are expecting thousands of protesters in the streets across the country including. The parents of trade on -- this one ", 'Severe weather  swept through nearly one-third of the u.S. Yesterday, from colorado to massachusetts. With possible tornadoes moving through ', 'Severe weather swept through nearly one-third of the u.S. Yesterday, from colorado to massachusetts. With possible tornadoes moving through pennsylvania and connecticut. I looked ', 'Back here at home a new round of  severe weather  moving east tonight. 18 million seen what is being called a biblical  dust storm  with the roar of a freight train described it because of a sudden sand  storm . Only off the dust cleared did the ', "Back here at home a new round of severe weather moving east tonight. 18 million families in the heartland bracing for powerful winds, possible tornados. We've also seen what is being called a biblical dust storm with the roar of a freight train engulfing cars on the road. Here's david wright. Reporter: This was the view from the driver's seat in nevada yesterday, apom lip tick is how some drivers described it because of a sudden sand storm . Only off the dust cleared did the damage become visible, 27 vehicles piled up on interstate 80 and one truck driver dead. ", 'indoors next to a fan or air conditioner with that massive  heat wave  across nearly a dozen states, now turning deadly. As far it reached 107. Tonight, the new warnings with this record  heat wave  and will there be any relief by the fourth of july? Abc meteorologist ', 'are indoors next to a fan or air conditioner with that massive heat wave across nearly a dozen states, now turning deadly. As far north as washington state, this umpire at a home plate, putting on ', 'there where it reached 107. Tonight, the new warnings with this record heat wave and will there be any relief by the fourth of july? Abc meteorologist ginger zee, leading us off tonight. Reporter: The dangerous ', "report on the East Coast  heat wave  that sun is blazing Humidity may he in his  heat wave  even worse the National  Weather  Service has heat advisories latest now. On East Coast  heat wave  just beginning. I'm ", "York with its ABC news digital special report on the East Coast heat wave that sun is blazing. -- the temperature is into the ninety's and it is going to stay there are all week that picture clearly a reflection of folks sweating it out on the northeast. Humidity may he in his heat wave even worse the National Weather Service has heat advisories and warnings in place in Boston New York City Baltimore Washington. Joining us now -- Philadelphia. Annie McCormick ", "what the  weather  and climate Reporter: This  tornado  spotted near part of a  weather  juggernaut growing cost of  weather  disasters Extreme  weather  and climate killed.  Hurricane  sandy's billion.  Drought  and heat ", "from mother nature and climate. Abc's clayton sandell shows us what the weather and climate are doing and what it's costing us. Reporter: This tornado spotted near dix, nebraska. Just part of a weather juggernaut today pounding the plains and midwest. In minnesota, 60-mile-an-hour winds flipped big rigs. And were powerful enough to destroy a trailer in south dakota, killing a woman inside. In boscobell, wisconsin, eight inches of rain flooded half the town. Today, as fires continue ravaging the west, there's not enough rain. Thousands of firefighters plus a fleet of aircraft are growiadding to the growing cost of weather disasters. In 1980, $58 billion. By last year? Extreme weather and climate costs nearly doubled to $110 billion. 377 people were killed. Hurricane sandy's tab? 65 billion. Drought and heat waves, another $30 billion. Fighting the black forest fire here in colorado has already cost more than $10 million. And that doesn't even count the cost of more than 500 homes that burned to the ground. Scientists say human-caused climate change is already helping shift the planet's natural balance. Creating more heat waves, drought , and intense downpours. A stormy and expensive reality, that's already on our doorsteps. Clayton sandell, abc news, colorado springs. ", "and violent  weather  systemps spinning off  twister  after  twister  and abc's situation. A pdf  tornado  watch issued night of  severe weather . Overnight that a hard  thunderstorm  tower. That Tomorrow,  severe weather  from western ", "the raging fires in northern new mexico. While that entrenched and violent weather systemps spinning off twister after twister and abc's meteorologist ginger zee tells us the very latest at this moment. Ginger? Reporter: Diane, so quickly, the skies have gone dark here in oklahoma city. And here's what's happening. Strong storms have developed to our north and west, as this part of the nation pre for a dire situation ahead. Tonight, in central oklahoma, a particularly dangerous situation. A pdf tornado watch issued. And that means a 90% chance of two or more tornados. This, after another night of severe weather . Overnight, 16 tornado reports in three states. This one near broken arrow, oklahoma, caught on tape. There it is. Right there beside us. Get on ", "central missouri, we're going to see towers. We all that a hard thunderstorm tower. That means the storms are popping very quickly. Tonight, the threat for tornadoes. Tomorrow, severe weather from western pennsylvania to still parts of texas. Diane? So, it is going to go on and ginger zee will be right ", "we're all in it together. Abc's  weather  editor sam champion takes us around Reporter: It's day five of this  heat wave  and the effects of this relentless you're sitting on friday. In south the  heat wave  rolls. The cold front doesn't reach ", "warning that on this hot night we're all in it together. Abc's weather editor sam champion takes us around the country around. Reporter: It's day five of this heat wave and the effects of this relentless heat are taking their toll. The murkry hit 100 degrees in the new york city area, ", "100 degrees outside, 23 degrees in here. Reporter: This  heat wave  is widespread and long lasting. Let me show you whose under change after friday and you're talking about a five or six day  heat wave  for many cities in the eastern half of the nation. Diane?", "made of ice. 100 degrees outside, 23 degrees in here. Reporter: This heat wave is widespread and long lasting. Let me show you whose under this heat dome as this area of high pressure backs in from the east coast across the country, the hot spot continues all the way west to texas, oklahoma and kansas. Take a look at how long these NUMBERS WILL BE IN THE 90s FOR Major cities like chicago, washington d.C., New york and memphis we're talking about FRIDAY BEING IN THE 90s. Cap it off with maybe a change after friday and you're talking about a five or six day heat wave for many cities in the eastern half of the nation. Diane? ", "the choice to file for bankruptcy. It will be felt nationally. This is all happening as the dow soars every higher. This  heat wave  is affecting stocks. Opening at all-time highs again. There's two reasons here. One, earnings are doing well. Companies ", "nationally. This is all happening as the dow soars every higher. This heat wave is affecting stocks. Opening at all-time highs again. There's two reasons here. One, earnings are doing well. Companies are benefiting from low ", "As workers scramble to repair a water main on the brink of rupturing the ABC's Devin Dwyer has more. It's the hottest  heat wave  of the summer but the real scorcher in Prince George's County Maryland is the loss of tap water. Looking at the electricity ", "brink of rupturing the ABC's Devin Dwyer has more. It's the hottest heat wave of the summer but the real scorcher in Prince George's County Maryland is the loss of tap water. Looking at the electricity ", 'now on the "world news" facebook page. Tomorrow night we\'ll be in another city that\'s also dealing with this intense  heat wave  and we\'ll be tackling energy bills. Diane? Paula faris, thanks so much. Great to have you there in boston with all of ', "night we'll be in another city that's also dealing with this intense heat wave and we'll be tackling energy bills. Diane? Paula faris, thanks so much. Great to have you there in boston with all of ", 'has been showing us tips that can save you hundreds of dollars, sometimes in a matter of seconds. Tonight in the sweltering  heat wave  we take aim at your power bill. The average family spends $2200 a year on electricity. Now watch what a quick 10-second ', 'of dollars, sometimes in a matter of seconds. Tonight in the sweltering heat wave we take aim at your power bill. The average family spends $2200 a year on electricity. Now watch what a quick 10-second ', "I wouldn't even done that you know it's such it's such thing. Now and I have to ask is because right now we are in a  heat wave  in the northeast I know that she spent a lot of time between LA and New York I mean you're beautiful. And you look like ", "I have to ask is because right now we are in a heat wave in the northeast I know that she spent a lot of time between LA and New York -- -- I mean you're ", "southwest a rampaging  snowstorm . ABC's meteorologist ginger is tracking the  weather  from Waco Texas explain the Oxley  tornado  activity. Eight climate. I downed  weather  is turning places Arizona where a foot of  heavy snow  forced officials ", "records were broken in one week and in the southwest a rampaging snowstorm . ABC's meteorologist ginger -- is tracking the weather from Waco Texas. -- weekend eighteen reported tornadoes overnight. -- from Oklahoma Nebraska and South Dakota. So far there have been looked ", 'There is  severe weather  moving across the ominous  weather  rolls in hovering over  tornado -shattered Amidst these  weather  woes, new the coming  hurricane  season. IT rebuilding post- hurricane  sandy. Like ', "There is severe weather moving across america as he head into this memorial day weekend. Hail and severe storms in the east. Families hoping for a get away are in for a soggy slug. Reporter: Like clockwork, as millions of americans prepare to hit the road and the airports this holiday weekend -- the ominous weather rolls in. From flash floods in new york, to dangerous winds in chicago, and the miserable conditions hovering over tornado -shattered moore, oklahoma. Skies are far from clear, and neither are the nation's airports. Delays, cancellations. Especially in the northeast, where some flights in bound to new york delayed more than four hours. The stranded include alex and andi chambers, trying to get to newark from austin. We are stuck in austin still. Flight has been delayed three hours. Reporter: And this little guy in chicago, not happy at all with his three-hour delay. Amidst these weather woes, new predictions today about the coming hurricane season. IT STARTS JUNE 1st. And federal forecasters say it's going to be active. They expect three to six major atlantic hurricanes. But, remember, that doesn't mean they will necessarily make landfall. Either way, it's too soon for most folks along the east coast still rebuilding post- hurricane sandy. Like this. Look at this time-lapse video. Of the seaside heights boardwalk in new jersey, all set to open before memorial ", 'next to the  severe weather  across the Listen, as the  twister  approaches at a massive  tornado  bearing mississippi reports of  severe weather  as the stormds This spring  storm  is also bringing affected by the  severe weather , the focus ', "and turn next to the severe weather across the country. 300 reports pouring in like this. By the way, you are not seeing double. Those are two ferocious twisters in mississippi just this afternoon. Let's look at one of them again. Listen, as the twister approaches, the family dog is really trying to bark a warning. It will be a tense night ahead for a lot of families and abc's alex perez is one of the hardest hit towns reporting in for us tonight. We're here outside hazelwood, and the strong winds uprooted this tree and it crushed their bedroom. There are seens like this one across the country tonight. You're looking at a massive tornado bearing mississippi. It's huge. Reporter: An entire neighborhood trashed, at least one person dead. It's not out of the state yet, so we're still trying to be careful and cautious and make our citizens remain safe. Reporter: Across the country, hundreds of reports of severe weather as the stormds race east. An entire block in hazelwood, missouri unrecognizable. This is all that's left of gary buneta's yellow brick home. The wind picked you up from one room to another? It's like someone just took their hands and shoved me into the other room. I hit the floor, covered my head and that was it. Reporter: The national weather service says this was the work of an ef 2 tornado , with wind speeds up to 135 miles per hour. This is the inside of their bedroom, the tree came crashing right in and it's in here you get an idea how lucky they were to not be inside the room. The beamz crashed down on the bed. We wouldn't have been talking about removing a tree. We would have been talking about getting the bodies out. Reporter: This spring storm is also bringing severe winter-like weather . In minnesota, one dead in the snow. Power polls encased in ice. Catherine johnson is there. Leaving behind icicels more than an inch thick. In rapid city, south dakota, a record snowfall, more than two feet. And they still have no idea when they may be able to return to their home. Like so many other places affected by the severe weather , the focus is on the clean-up. ", 'hit. The  twister  outbreak this is the  storm  chaser video separate  thunderstorm  that appear still in the  severe weather  zone ginger attention and all  weather  radio on is that a  tornado  which hit time a major  tornado  moved through hurt in this  severe weather  as it passed ', 'breaking news coverage of these. Oklahoma tornadoes who is still in the severe weather -- zone ginger and you said. There are several states in the path of the system as it moves on throughout the ', "highways there. There are some reports that motorists were hurt in this severe weather as it passed through. And as you heard ginger report there are more severe weather on the way for parts of Oklahoma Arkansas taxes. Even as far north as Western Pennsylvania. Over the next 24 hours we will continue to follow this ABC's Mike Boettcher. Who was an Oklahoma City native was actually in his basement with his family. He's come upstairs to talk to us tonight Mike I know you were concerned about another alert coming through another. -- threat of possible tornado can you give us the latest. That's storage dissipated but the -- gender talk about to be peace there are still active in -- tornado warnings for area of southeast Oklahoma City. The Oklahoma Highway Patrol is reporting at least to death. Along interstate forty west of Oklahoma City -- That entire interstate -- the parking lot is as the tornado practical right along interstate forty. And Obama highway patrolman spokesman talked about -- people being struck out of their cars. There are numerous other injuries being reported. Near interstate forty west of Oklahoma City -- storm track. Straight towards our neighborhood -- daily jog. Welcome drew sharp Oklahoma City. -- two more. Which -- pure golf. -- -- "]