['San Jose Earthquakes coach Frank Yallop was named the 2012 MLS Coach of the Year on Tuesday.Yallop led the Earthquakes to a 19-6-9 record, the best in the league, to...', 'Red Bull New York forward Thierry Henry is one of three finalists announced Thursday for the 2012 MLS MVP award.Henry enjoyed his best season in MLS with 15 goals an...', 'D.C. United endured a stretch of 37 games spanning four seasons that turned the home of the four-time MLS Cup champions, RFK Stadium, into a vacation spot for oppone...', 'The Houston Dynamo completed an undefeated season at home in the first leg of the Eastern Conference finals, and will try to protect a two-goal lead Sunday in the se...', 'The little things mattered in the final weekend of the MLS regular season.From final results (Seattle dropped to the third seed in the Western Conference with a 1-0 ...', "The odds appear to be stacked in Red Bull New York's favor as the club gears up for its Eastern Conference semifinal second leg against D.C. United on Wednesday.D.C....", 'Nick DeLeon scores in 88th minute as DC United beats Red Bulls 1-0 to reach Eastern final', 'Nick DeLeon gave D.C. United the win. Backup goalkeeper Joe Willis gave him the chance.DeLeon scored in the 88th minute, Willis had a crucial save on a penalty kick ...', 'Two teams that defied the odds to reach the Eastern Conference finals will square off at BBVA Compass Stadium on Sunday as the Houston Dynamo get set to host D.C. Un...', 'D.C. United threatened the long home undefeated run of the Houston Dynamo on Sunday in the first leg of the Eastern Conference finals, and the hosts had an emphatic ...', 'D.C. United and the Chicago Fire are set for a massive clash at Toyota Park on Saturday as the result will help determine playoff seeding in the Eastern Conference.S...', 'The Eastern Conference playoff picture is set.D.C. United clinched second place in the East on Saturday, coming from behind to earn a point in a 1-1 draw with the Ch...', 'D.C. United is on the verge of making it to the MLS postseason for the first time in five years.All it needs is three points against the Columbus Crew at RFK Stadium...', "D.C. United's playoff push continues on Saturday when it heads to BMO Field to take on lowly Toronto FC.United is unbeaten in its last four games, taking 10 points o...", 'D.C. United forward and assistant coach Josh Wolff had surgery to repair a herniated disc and will be sidelined for an undisclosed period, the club announced Tuesday...', "D.C. United's season has had its fair share of ups and downs.The club has occupied a spot in the postseason window for much of the campaign, but its usual position i...", 'Chris Pontius glanced to his left, then to his right last week at PPL Park, and grouped himself with every MLS All-Star when he said, "Every one of these guys puts p...', 'D.C. United lost MLS MVP Dwayne De Rosario to injury earlier this month, and has not lost since. All of a sudden, United has closed in on its first playoff berth in ...', 'There are few players in the history of MLS who have ever been more synonymous with one team than Shalrie Joseph, who was with the New England Revolution . He fashio...', 'D.C. United captain and reigning MLS MVP Dwayne De Rosario sustained a knee injury Tuesday that could sideline him for the rest of the season, his club announced Thu...', 'Dwayne De Rosario joined D.C. United last season and quickly emerged as the difference-maker for a franchise longing to regain its identity. Now it will have to acco...']