['media market. On Tuesday he will call into the "Ron Jolly Show" on WTCM in Traverse City. On Wednesday it\'s the " Paul Smith  Show" on WJR in Detroit. And on Thursday, Trump will talk to Michael Patrick Shiels, host of a drive-time radio ', 'media market. On Tuesday he will call into the "Ron Jolly Show" on WTCM in Traverse City. On Wednesday it\'s the " Paul Smith  Show" on WJR in Detroit. And on Thursday, Trump will talk to Michael Patrick Shiels, host of a drive-time radio ', 'thoughts, anti-social behavior and desensitization to violence in both minors and adults. But the industry struck back.  Paul Smith ,a lawyer representing video game makers, told the court it is up to parents, not the government to protect children ', 'check up in a filled prescription." Pharmacy Mistakes Are Not Uncommon Pharmacy mistakes do happen. In 2008, Terry  Paul Smith , a 46-year-old roofing contractor, was given the wrong dosage instructions for a painkiller by a Jacksonville ', 'so they\'ll beg with mercy, being merciless and decapitating them, shooting people in the leg so they fall down."  Paul Smith , a lawyer for the makers of the videos, told the court it is the role of parents, not the government, to protect ', 'adult. But the Entertainment Merchants Association, which successfully challenged the law in lower courts, disagreed.  Paul Smith , who represents the industry, said the law, "is the latest in a long history of overreactions to new expressive media ', 'NY-27 Art Robinson, OR-4 Keith Rothfus, PA-04 Jill Rowland, NY-28 Daniel Sahagun, CA-16 Chuck Smith, VA-03  Paul Smith , CA-05 Rob Steele, MI-15 Roland Straten, NJ-08 Van Tran, CA-47 Clayton Trotter, TX-20 Rick Tubbs, CA-07 ', 'Mel Gibson, Michael Douglas, Stephanie Seymour and More: Ugly Splits Heat Up in Hollywood', 'Winfrey. 10. Tricia Walsh (aka the YouTube wife) vs.  Paul Smith  Her name may not be as well known as the others on this Tricia Walsh eviscerated her ex-husband, theater mogul  Paul Smith , in a 2008 YouTube video that listed her long list of ', 'Michael  Paul Smith  lives in a place most of us know only from the pages of old photo albums . In his hometown, the good old days are still just as ', 'Winfrey. 9. Tricia Walsh (aka the YouTube wife) vs.  Paul Smith  Her name may not be as well known as the others on this Tricia Walsh eviscerated her ex-husband, theater mogul  Paul Smith , in a 2008 YouTube video that listed her long list of ', "create a shopping experience unique to Terminal 5. Thus, you can snag international merchandise with a British flare.  Paul Smith 's Globe shop is among the terminal's unique shops. It is fit with a virtual French terrace and pieces designed exclusively ", "The responses and obviously the family. Cables were lowered from the bridge too attached to the family but lieutenant  Paul Smith  and firefighter Josh way. Got their first in the rescue boats. Saw them and I'll three hang on to connect cable that ", "were lowered from the bridge too attached to the family but lieutenant Paul Smith and firefighter Josh way. Got their first in the rescue boats. Saw them -- and I'll three hang on to connect cable ", "but you won't find it on any map. This might be actually the better not it's in the cramped apartment of Michael  Paul Smith . Just outside of Boston where a lifetime collection of model cars and it's these buildings are staged for photographs ", "actually the better -- not it's in the cramped apartment of Michael Paul Smith . Just outside of Boston where a lifetime collection of model cars and it's these buildings are staged for photographs worthy of Norman ", "different price points we have Khannouchi. Prod and  Paul Smith  again depending you know a few more classic guy you're Mozilla is before that they With the with the classic  Paul Smith  straight. I'm Christina. I had I was using was using ", "designer brands are all different price points we have Khannouchi. Prod and Paul Smith -- again depending you know a few more classic guy you're probably -- for the product softly on -- -- black -- You know this is a little -- wallet and it's probably something -- this might. You'd think that's is -- mine false Mozilla is before that they -- With the with the classic Paul Smith -- -- straight. I'm Christina. I had I was using was using my money Paper clip I had this binder clip I "]