["notebooks at this year's Comic-Con in San Diego:  STAN LEE  REMAINS 'THE MAN' Where  Stan Lee  goes, a crowd follows. Saturday at Comic-Con sign autographs on titles from his comic imprint  Stan Lee 's Kids Universe, which touts family-friendly ", 'The \'Mallrats\' filmmaker met with Marvel Comics legend  Stan Lee  on his first trip to San Diego in 1995: "People looked as if to say \'Who is that fat man trying to eat  Stan Lee ?\'" http://www.hollywoodreporter.com/news ', "Hulkburgers, Spiderman's Chocolate Web Pancakes and Daredevil's Bedeviled Swiss Steak. The book is presented by  Stan Lee , famed comic book writer and former president of Marvel Comics, along with Gene Malis and Jody Cameron Malis. Comic ", "annual list of failed states? 13) What global cause did Prince William speak about this week? 14) Spiderman creator  Stan Lee  has created a new superhero in China. What's its name? 15) What were a pair of turtles doing when they were fossilized ", 'attendance and their big hats). A CHINESE SUPERHERO FOR CHINA From Karson YIU in Beijing: The creator of Spiderman -  Stan Lee  - is creating a new superhero for Chinese moviegoers . "The Annihilator" is the (vague) story of a young Chinese man ', 'hidden in his underwear as Northwest Flight 253 went in for landing in Detroit. Famous Birthdays 1856 Woodrow Wilson 1922  Stan Lee  1954 Gayle King 1954 Denzel Washington 1973 Seth Meyers 1978 John Legend 1981 Sienna Miller 1989 Mackenzie Rosman 1990 ', "a comic book series and cartoon based on his life and family that he was developing with Spider-Man co-creator  Stan Lee . He was slated to portray a superhero. It's the latest turn of events after Schwarzenegger's revelation that he ", 'that could happen to both companies," said comics icon  Stan Lee , who co-created Spider-Man, the Fantastic Four pairs two American media icons: Walt Disney and Lee. " Stan Lee  has proven himself to be a creative genius on the same ', 'of them, including favorites such as the Fantastic Four and the X-Men, were co-created by the comic book legend  Stan Lee . Disney said Marvel shareholders will receive $30 per share in cash, plus 0.745 Disney shares for every Marvel share ', 'debt 9. Which one of these business people filed for bankruptcy?A. P.T. BarnumB. Henry FordC. Abraham LincolnD.  Stan Lee  (Marvel Comics)E. All of the aboveF, A and B 10. True or false: Indiana was the home of the auto industry before Michigan ', 'future, this is really the right thing to do for the long-term health of the character." Spider-Man, created by  Stan Lee  and Steve Ditko in 1962, was a hit, connecting with young readers because he was a geeky teenager, shy with girls and ', 'yourselves in Bob Brown is going to tell us. His name is  Stan Lee . And before He helped revolutionize the comic book industry superhero market with Superman and bad man. Then in 1960.  Stan Lee  was asked to create a superhero team for his company ', 'yourselves in Bob Brown is going to tell us. His name is Stan Lee . And before He helped revolutionize the comic book industry 25 years ago. He had labored for twenty years before that. As a ', 'on the superhero market with Superman and bad man. Then in 1960. Stan Lee was asked to create a superhero team for his company. Which would publish the story as the first marvel comic. His idea ', "this summer's biggest movies already hinting that horse superheroes. along the way. This is meet the power cord or  Stan Lee  the man who created the characters says spider. The X-Men or huge franchises but marvel is now taking a page from comic ", 'along the way. This is meet the power cord or -- -- Stan Lee the man who created the characters says spider. The X-Men or huge franchises but marvel is now taking a page from comic ']