["of yet another major  storm  this evening. It comes And tonight, this new  storm  will dump even more the winds gusted to  hurricane  force along the coast would have been a lot of  coastal flooding  and damage. And harvey I don't think the  storm  will really explode ", "with you, david. I got to tell you, the winds gusted to hurricane force along the coast of massachusetts, in ad, rainfall, two and three inches localized flooding. And the wind caused problems at high tide. Fortunately, the tides were low. If they were high, it would have been a lot of coastal flooding and damage. And harvey, as this system moves off, we've got another one right on our doob step. Yeah, that one is going to develop in the gulf, pick up a little bit of moisture, start to move northeast. Saturday is the day that all the major cities in the northeast from washington to boston will be affected. Most likely a couple of inches of snow. Because I don't think the storm will really explode until it is well off the coast. But if it intensifies more quickly, those amounts could be higher. We ", 'already watching  tornado  warnings from Reporter: Tonight  severe weather  is on the move one of many  weather  extremes across hundreds of  severe weather  reports this a colossal  tornado  in north kansas Reporter:  Storm  chasers brandon ', "the atmosphere tonight is fuel for violent storms and we're already watching tornado warnings from texas to nebraska, to michigan. Reporter: Tonight severe weather is on the move again. Tornadoes reported across the plains. Just one of many weather extremes across america. In california, high winds and dry conditions are driving raging brush fires. In the plains and midwest, hundreds of severe weather reports this weekend, including 22 reported tornados and softball-sized hail. For northwest iowa, flooding. Nearly ten inches of rain, destroying 1,500 businesses and homes. Last night a colossal tornado in north kansas. This is what it looked like inside. Reporter: Storm chasers brandon ivey and sean casey deliberately drove into this tornado . I would standing up and manning my camera. I just left it running and I was pancaked on the ground. Reporter: Using casey's tank like vehicle called the tiv. This isn't their first time inside a tornado . They've filmed with an imax camera and the thank they ride is in is made for this. Reporter: See those spikes on ", 'Good Morning America this morning record  heat wave  never before seen temperatures in parts of America this weekend. Air rescued at least one fatality exhausted AC repairmen when ', 'Good Morning America this morning record heat wave never before seen temperatures in parts of America this weekend. Air rescued at least one fatality exhausted AC repairmen when will this ', "you here for I'm. That you have without wet  weather  related relating. No we're not related Chantal still so far away but it was  storm thunderstorm  afternoon  thunderstorm  rolling up and I mean every what's LaGuardia ", "see you here for -- -- I'm. That you have without wet weather related -- -- -- relating. No we're not -- related Chantal still so far away but it was storm thunderstorm afternoon thunderstorm rolling up and I mean every what's LaGuardia and. It was awful and I'm proud of -- -- even making an effort ", 'over an hour and a half. Save. They saved. My god. My fire. Michael Clarke. They saved my life. When the middle of a  snowstorm  I had to be rushed to a hospital given up 30% chance of living. With a cranial injuries and ms. fire company. You saved ', 'fire. Michael Clarke. They saved my life. When the middle of a snowstorm I had to be rushed to a hospital given up 30% chance of living. With a cranial injuries and ms. -- fire ', "charge for different procedures. credit card complaints. To  weather  and climate measurements. And what's happening until effectively that saves lives. For folks who were in the path for  tornado . When were delivering. Effectively data on improved health ", "effectively that saves lives. For folks who were in the path for tornado . When were delivering. Effectively data on improved health care choices. That's gonna save lives and reduce costs. And and and we've got ", 'The reported  tornado  that shredded more than 280  severe weather  reports. There Right there, a  tornado  on the ground stay with the  storm . In oklahoma can hear the  tornado  warningsblaring arkansas. The  severe weather  risk in general ', "arrow, oak orch. Good morning, ginger. Reporter: Good morning, robin. The reported tornado that shredded this roof and a few others and threw pieces of a gas station way over here and through this field, it was one of 16 reported tornadoes more than 280 severe weather reports. There it is! Right there, a tornado on the ground. Reporter: Overnight, new images as twisters take aim at tulsa. As people scramble to safety. On the ground. Reporter: This tornado's winds whipping east of tulsa, just one of 16 tornadoes reported in just 24 hours. Mom, come back this way. Reporter: Five people were injured by storms tearing across arkansas. Two men were sent to the hospital after being struck by lightning. We have seen it lower right here. We will get going and stay with the storm . In oklahoma, helicopters chasing the storms from above. We were right underneath them. Right here on the north side just trying to lower, we are very close, you can hear the tornado warningsblaring. From our chase to oklahoma city, the sky turning nearly black, looming with ominous clouds illuminated only by lightning. In missouri, winds snapping power poles ripping trees from roots, destroying these boats: Damage like this or worse is again possible, unfortunately. Look at this area. Tulsa is included. It goes to oklahoma city and up to joplin and fayetteville, arkansas. The severe weather risk in general stretches from detroit through indianapolis to little rock. Again, we are on a third day of this large energetic ", 'the  severe weather  threat this evening, dangerous conditions of the woods yet. Those red flag fire  weather  warnings still in effect meaning hot meteorologist ginger zee tracking this.  Severe weather  straight through the night. Ugly skies ', 'the severe weather threat this evening, dangerous conditions across much of the midwest. Thousands of homes without power. From storms that have already struck. Seems ', "they are not out of the woods yet. Those red flag fire weather warnings still in effect meaning hot dry winds could still spark a new round of dangerous flare ups. David. Summer just arrived. Clayton, thanks to you. Abc meteorologist ginger zee tracking this. Severe weather straight through the night. Ugly skies from illinois back to parts of wyoming. That's happening as we speak. Earlier today, near sycamore, ", 'A spring  snowstorm  is moving its this type of  snowstorm . Look at this lot of snow.  Winter storm  warnings stretch had a rough  weather . Now, with this third major  snowstorm , lot of people already seeing  severe weather . High winds ', 'road. Now, the gulf coast is bracing for the wrath of the storm . Some parts of the south are already seeing severe weather . High winds in florida where tree branches are torn apart like twigs. And in georgia, where heavy rain led to bad driving ', "studio right now. Yeah, sorry I couldn't loan you the orange extreme weather jacket. Let's talk timing. Low-pressure system is creating all of the havoc there. It will move through st. Louis, illinois, indiana. Tonight, we talk about the east coast, the mid-atlantic. For parts of new jersey and new york. I do think a lot of it not is going to stick. Wet, springtime snow that we see. The severe weather is targeting parts of the southeast. Damaging wind and hail in that area. Very heavy flooding rains possible as well. ", "National  Weather  Service began no single  weather  event. Is used to be.  weather  events are didn't cause  hurricane  sandy but the worst  drought . Since the week. A  heat wave  in Alaska long running  drought  cost jobs as natural  storm  And we'll ", "predicted it what. These are facts. Now we know that no single weather event. Is -- solely by climate change. Droughts and fires and floods. May go back to ancient times. But we also know that in a world that's warmer than it used to be. -- weather events are affected. My a warming plan. The fact that sea level. In New York. In New York Harbor. Are now a foot higher than a century ago that didn't cause hurricane sandy but it certainly contributed. To the destruction. That left large parts of ramadi a city dark and underwater. The potential impacts go beyond rising sea levels here at home. 2012. Was -- warmest year in our history. Midwest farms were parched by the worst drought . Since the dust bowl and then drenched by the wettest spring on record. Western wildfires scorched an area of larger than the state of -- Just last week. A heat wave in Alaska shot temperatures into the ninety's. And we know that the cost of these. Events can be measured in lost lives. ", "on a new water development bank. As long. As a long running drought cost jobs and forced to town and trucked in water. From the outside. New York City is fortifying its 520 miles of coastline. As an insurance policy against more frequent and costly storms. What we've learned from hurricane sandy. And other disasters is that we've got to build smarter. More resilient infrastructure that can protect our homes and businesses and ", "There are so many  storm  watches and blizzard north dakota.  Winter storm  watches and warnings And there's a  severe weather  risk tonight.  Tornado  watches and warnings recent history,  drought . At its peak country was in  drought , REMINISCENT ", "But the one factor that is definitely more extreme in recent history, drought . At its peak, almost 62% of our country was in drought , REMINISCENT OF THE 1930s AND THE Dust bowl. Tonight, it's this nasty wintry mix that is blustery and everybody asking me, so, ", 'that super  storm  ABC meteorologist become a  hurricane  again and with a major  winter storm . Multiple possibly  massive flooding  in some parts date. With  weather  history unpredictable.  Weather  event one dangerous  weather  event. For a problem  coastal flooding  one of the ', "let -- get straight to the big story this morning that super storm ABC meteorologist ginger -- in Florida tracking what could be a once in this century event will get -- heard just a moment. That's right sandy has been downgraded to a tropical storm but that's just temporary this 900 mile -- think -- -- Is forecast to become a hurricane again and join forces with a major winter storm . Multiple states are now issuing state of emergency alerts and for many. Today is the calm before the storm -- last chance to stock up batten down or just get out of town and that is what millions of people are doing getting out to give you sense of what a mess this storm could make. It's expected to slam parts of the East Coast with a foot of rain and up to a foot -- several feet of snow it's gonna last for days. Bringing wind damage power outages and possibly massive flooding in some parts ADC's extreme damage covered all the -- this morning. And where to start as we said we ginger in ", "the latest  twister  outbreak as if the  tornado  wasn't Oklahoma and the  weather  much better show you  weather severe weather  will be threatening volatile  weather  possible isolated  tornado  and there nation's  weather  but for now the actual  storm  itself all that deadly  twister  unforgettable ", "confirmed tornadoes. Even though we are right here in Oklahoma and the weather -- much better I want to show you weather severe weather will be threatening today. You know how hot is that in the northeast and the humidity high well and is ready to erupt -- volatile weather possible. Right along that same cold front that did all the damage here but now the threat is in the northeast and a little pocket back in west Texas -- we don't -- -- forget about. The biggest threat -- sending out prior wind gusts are larger and some large -- could see an isolated tornado and there will be rain behind it. More folks die in flooding in every year than they do in the tornadoes and sometimes in hurricanes it's one of the top. Killers as far as weather goes and look who gets the rain the heaviest falling and the southeast back from rally into Chattanooga. And down along the Gulf Coast I'll be back with -- nation's weather but for now back to the -- -- NJ UN warned us yesterday that the flooding could be even deadlier than the actual storm itself all right we'll see you in just a few moments -- thanks. We'll for tornado tornado victims in Oklahoma it is a test of will as they struggle to clear away new damage on top of old. The Oklahoma City area has barely started recovering from a deadly EF five tornado when the latest round of twisters hit it's providing a challenge to -- resilient reputation. Let's go to ABC's Alex Perez who's ", 'that part of  tornado  Alley. From the 1999  storm  that took an EF four  tornado  the second powerful level of  twister . Cutting National  Weather  Service says minutes. The  tornado  in these Oklahoma the sky the  severe weather  and action ', "The destruction is widespread. And devastating. Preliminarily classified as an EF four tornado the second most powerful level of twister . Cutting -- -- -- miles wide at least twelve miles long. -- National Weather Service says it may have been on the ground -- longest forty minutes. The tornado in these Oklahoma City suburbs just the latest assault to a region already reeling from a weekend of severe storms. Needed just portrait like a -- just run right does senator Evan. A local television helicopter capturing the pictures from up in the sky the severe weather and action below. Look closely and you can see the flashes as the power lines and transformers. Are ripped apart. Well there's ", "The deadly  heat wave  that's round of  severe weather . Our extreme bad in the  heat wave  is the damage of the 200  storm  reports we change the  weather  and there National  Weather  Service is was this a  tornado . Was a micro ", "The deadly heat wave that's been burning up so much of the nation the -- whole. Now into the dozens but the end finally in -- cooler temperatures moving in but not without bringing another round of severe weather . Our extreme weather team covering all the angles and all sorts. Leading the coverage for us Sam Champion what Robin. It -- good morning everybody ", "a lethal  tornado  outbreak rare EF five  twister  that nearly escape the  storm . The of than 240.  Severe weather  reports take your  tornado  precautions that map the  severe weather  risk today nation's  weather  for now back the first  tornado  only to be ", "but look at how far it spread even yesterday more than 240. Severe weather reports. From the UP of Michigan all the way down to Texas. It's. A dramatic rise from Storm Chasers trying to help run one of the Oklahoma tornadoes. Good and yeah. Okay. Vehicles floundering on the road beside them and then it's huge pieces of debris flying into the -- That was one of five reported tornadoes that tore through central Oklahoma. You need to take your tornado precautions immediately. This morning several dead and dozens injured after these raging tornadoes and flash floods jab did an already tender Oklahoma. As the tornadoes -- toward downtown Oklahoma City. Thousands were trapped the highways in perilous gridlock. It Eric Alexander -- of vehicles. -- -- -- We were well ahead of the storm puts all the chaos on the roads -- I like yourself they shut -- highway going north so that people can't get ", "and a lot of damage over struggling to stone -- I've been storm chasing for more than a decade since college and got to tell you that the last two weeks have then the most terrifying -- my experience and for a lot of other folks still especially those who live here around Oklahoma City I want to tell you that at least the the threat -- this city is to the southeast it's going to be gone today but that does not the case for the rest of the nation you have to pay attention be on high alert. Watching your local ABC stations in the afternoon and evening. For this area can we go and had to look at that map the severe weather risk today stretches from Western Pennsylvania along that cold front. All the way down to Texas again right there -- -- And Little Rock as well and -- flooding was a huge issue with this and it will be so today we've had more -- that's been plotting the last couple of weeks. Then likely from the severe storms to look at those flood watches and warnings more than 100 rivers already beyond flood stage. Coming up I'll have your nation's weather -- for now back to India. Do you so striking here is do you say that even after all of your experience you have been terrified by what you've been seeing we'll have much more. Coming up this morning -- union normally fearless ginger zee. Meanwhile the odds of your home being hit by -- -- are one in ten million the odds of that happening twice. Astronomical but sadly not impossible this morning the story of a family for more Oklahoma. Who escaped the first tornado only to be chased by another. Our coverage continues realities -- -- Perez in or out good morning. Good morning -- it has been a long frustrating two weeks here and -- Oklahoma there are still. Huge piles of debris scattered all across town from the last tornado and its new storm has simply made matters worse. It's still 1:2 punches central Oklahoma hoped they would escape to deadly tornadoes and less than two weeks. The night. Playing with the anxiety growing authorities are fighting to keep we have to make a decision -- we. Take -- basically everybody else here part of try to get them out -- -- for those in Moore Oklahoma the terror of the devastating may twentieth tornado it's still fresh. Peas as army roof. Came through that window and landed on her bed. December -- family lost their home in the tornadoes nearly two weeks ago and took shelter in an Oklahoma city hotel -- on Friday they found themselves fleeing. Again it. We here's tornado rally leaders for an Alley but he unexpected mean. That often that soon. And that that in the -- -- and their two children piled into the glory and headed for Norman about fifteen minutes so. With the angry -- close behind it it's really amazing to be alive right now I -- Chased by a tornado -- he got nowhere to go here in -- today. We can see -- -- -- premieres. The family took refuge in a church bathroom huddled together as violent winds -- debris all around them. When it finally pass they return to more only to find their home damaged even further. I honestly don't feel safe here like I said it's my home that. I don't feel safe here in -- Several -- were able to save the worst of the storm but for many others no such luck this mania -- That's work together -- got people you know. Rescue workers braved the ", "peaks of the roof. That's the  tornado  right over it. And as crazy worse. Watch as this ef-1  tornado  makes a landing approach on the funnel cloud nears. National  weather  service has issued a  tornado  warning. Reporter: The normally ", "First, a lot more on the scary tornado in denver. It's 2:30 in the afternoon, george. You're in one of the largest, busiest airports in the world rushing to make your flight. And the pictures that came out of that area at that time, looked like this. That's the airport. You see the white peaks of the roof. That's the tornado right over it. And as crazy as the pictures are, the video's even worse. Watch as this ef-1 tornado makes a landing approach on the runways of denver international airport. Thousands of passengers at the terminals race to the basement and shelters as the funnel cloud nears. National weather service has issued a tornado warning. Reporter: The normally bustling concourses, eerily quiet. Nearly 10,000 travelers huddled nervously in the bathrooms, waiting for the all-clear, while severe thunderstorms and strong winds battered the runways. Those winds measured 97 miles per hour and were strong enough to knock out whether equipment. During the 40-minute tornado warning, nine flights were diversed. ", "Let's get to the massive  winter storm  already walloping the midwest. Now this. Chicago, an 8-12-inch  snowstorm  out of that. 1,000 flights canceled expected, this could be the biggest  storm  this winter. In d.C., They're ", "Let's get to the massive winter storm already walloping the midwest. Now setting its sights on the entire northeast corridor. Sam, you said to keep an eye on it talking about it yesterday. Minneapolis gets about a foot of snow out of this. Chicago, an 8-12-inch snowstorm out of that. 1,000 flights canceled at o'hare. A long line of who gets snow and plenty of it. The totals are ", "a little bit about the  weather  conditions that have made popping up this has been  heat wave  here in Arizona it's every year just as there is  tornado  season in. In the midwest and  hurricane  season in the southeast ", 'west of this country. Deal with every year just as there is tornado season in. In the midwest and hurricane season in the southeast wildfire season west -- You know a kind of natural disaster season that happens like clockwork. People here ', 'Center says  el Nino  conditions have mean for our  weather  in the coming with a moderate  el Nino . Abide by the problem. This  weather  pattern brings areas facing  drought  conditions but the strongest  el Nino  in decades ', "back el -- we're talking about the government's Climate Prediction Center says el Nino conditions have returned. And are here to stay until early next year so what does this mean for our weather in the coming months we'll Sam has some answers for -- and -- First of all what is it now Nina was a patch of unusually warm water in the tropical Pacific. The develops every few years now people may tend to have -- reaction and -- bat but that's really too simple Nina will have a big impact on the weather over the country. But it really depends very much on where you live. I. Tracking you know Nina is no easy feat meteorologist at the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration -- -- like these. Out to -- to -- deep sea water temperatures. When it gets too warm like it has in the past few weeks in el Ninos starts to form. We do anticipate further intensification. Of the event. And perhaps -- lined up with a moderate el Nino . Abide by the -- time. It doesn't take much for now Nino to start shifting wind patterns in the Pacific allow warmer ocean temperatures to spread even a few degrees can be a problem. This weather pattern brings good and bad news el -- will make this winter wet and sloppy for folks in the southern states good news for areas facing drought conditions but it also brings the possibility of destructive flooding there. Out west el Nina may bring lots of rain producing dangerous mudslides like we saw back in 1997. During what was billed the strongest el Nino in decades. In the northern part of the US warmer than average temperatures this winter and possibly less no good news for "]