["In a rematch of the 2006 edition, Major League Soccer's best will square off against English Premier League side Chelsea FC in the 2012 MLS All-Star Game at PPL Park...", 'Fans stuffed the parking lots hours before the All-Star game, tailgating and having a blast until they could rush inside PPL Park to bang drums, sing songs, and, for...', 'Tres latinoamericanos son incluidos en la lista del Equipo de las Estrellas de la MLS', 'Real Salt Lake and Vancouver Whitecaps FC will have selection concerns Friday, when the Western Conference rivals face off at Rio Tinto Stadium in MLS.RSL captain Ky...', 'D.C. United helped to open BBVA Compass Stadium back in May, and the club will return to Texas to take on the Houston Dynamo for the third and final time in the regu...', 'The 18-man roster for the 2012 MLS All-Star Game was confirmed on Sunday.The MLS All-Stars will face European champions Chelsea on July 25 at PPL Park in Philadelphi...', 'Landon Donovan made Major League Soccer history on Sunday as he was named to his 12th consecutive All-Star Game.The Los Angeles Galaxy talisman has been voted into e...', 'Call it "the week of the underdogs" in MLS as we watched four teams near the bottom of the standings record sorely-needed victories. Clubs like Philadelphia and Port...', 'D.C. United will put its four-game winning streak to the test on Sunday when it heads to Red Bull Arena to face Red Bull New York in the latest installment of the At...', 'D.C. United had its four-match win streak snapped last week, but coach Ben Olsen was focused on the next opponent.United lost 3-2 to Red Bull New York to allow their...', 'Eddie Johnson scored in the 91st minute to give the Major League Soccer All-Stars a 3-2 victory over Chelsea on Wednesday night.Chris Wondolowski and Chris Pontius a...', "Sporting Kansas City's second loss in as many games hasn't changed the fact they still have the most points in Major League Soccer, but it has caused them to slip in...", 'Major League Soccer action resumes this weekend after a two-week break to accommodate a slate of international fixtures.Four teams were still in action over the cour...', 'Imagine being Great Britain Olympic manager Stuart Pearce on Saturday night. You made the trip to Los Angeles to get a first-hand look at David Beckham to see if he ...', 'The Philadelphia Union will take the PPL Park pitch against D.C. United on Saturday to usher in a new era.Head coach Peter Nowak was relieved of his coaching duties ...', 'The vibe in the D.C. United locker room was a happy one, and a confident one, such a stark contrast to the mood in the very same room almost exactly one year ago. On...', 'It was a disappointing opening weekend for D.C. United and the Los Angeles Galaxy , but both clubs will look to get their first wins of the season when they meet at ...', 'D.C. United and the Chicago Fire both had high expectations for their goalkeepers heading into the 2012 season. Both Eastern Conference clubs boasted young standout ...', 'D.C. United returns to RFK Stadium on Wednesday night for the first time since late April to start a three-game home swing against the Colorado Rapids.United lost tw...', 'Toronto FC managed to avoid a loss earlier this week, but it was outside of Major League Soccer.Toronto opened defense of its Canadian Championship title with a tie ...']