['I love her to death and I\'m always like, \'Just be careful.\'" Related: Miley Cyrus Hints at Wedding Bells The " X Factor " judge met Cyrus on the set of "Hannah Montana" six years ago and the two have been great friends since. Lovato said ', 'Little Mix won U.K.\'s "The  X Factor " in 2011 and Fifth Harmony finished was formed on the U.K.\'s "The  X Factor ," where the girls won the competition twentysomethings auditioned individually on " X Factor ," but were put together on the ', 'talent competitions since she finished her eight seasons on "Idol," in 2009. She also spent one year as judge on "The  X - Factor " in 2011 before most of the show\'s talent was replaced the next year. See Why Randy Jackosn Left "Idol" Andrews ', 'was saving my life in a way." Want more? Here are 10 things you didn\'t know about Demi Lovato Ultimately, the " X - Factor " host began cutting herself at age 11 as a coping mechanism. "I\'ve talked about being bullied and the years of being ', 'received a 10-pound wager for the baby to be called, "Rylan" at 1,000-1 odds. "Not sure the royal couple are \' X Factor \' fans," she said. Carole (25-1 odds), Phillipa (20-1), Spencer (33-1) and Oliver (33-1) were other ', 'studio laying down the next hits to slam the pop charts, Lovato is working as a judge on competitive talent show, "The  X - Factor ," sitting alongside the great Simon Cowell. "We have a really fun relationship," Lovato said. "He, I think ', 'Lovato will return as a judge on "The  X Factor " for season three of the singing return as a judge and mentor on The  X Factor ," Lovato said in a statement fight back against fellow judge and " X Factor " creator Simon Cowell. She has said ', 'Male Athlete LeBron James Favorite Female Athlete Danica Patrick Other Categories Favorite Villain Simon Cowell, The  X Factor  Favorite Book The Hunger Games series Favorite Video Game Just Dance 4 Favorite App Temple Run', 'Patrick Serena Williams Venus Williams Other Categories Favorite Villain Reed Alexander, "iCarly" Simon Cowell, "The  X Factor " Tom Hiddleston, "Marvel\'s The Avengers" Julia Roberts, "Mirror Mirror" Favorite Book Diary of a Wimpy Kid series ', 'and had a total of 79 worldwide concerts upon completion, as well as her 15-million dollar gig last year on "The  X Factor ." A Vegas stint would make her the youngest performer to follow in the footsteps of superstars such as Shania Twain ', 'the obvious about the sibling rivalry of coaches Jim and John Harbaugh. That\'s when you say, "yeah but the real " x "  factor  might be the lesser known the father and son rivalry. Super Bowl Party Survival Fact 3: Jim Harbaugh\'s son Jay works ', 'performance of "Womanizer" on the U.K. TV show "The  X Factor " was panned by critics because she reportedly lip-synced, although " X Factor " judge Simon Cowell didn\'t seem to mind. The "American ', 'everybody has some news from that fox competition show the  X - Factor  you may have seen it probably not because the ratings are sixteen million dollars a year as the new judge on the  X - Factor  these are not a lot of incarnation they got rid of Paula ', "back everybody has some news from that fox competition -- show the X-Factor you may have seen it probably not because the ratings are too great reason why they need some star -- that was new report out from us weekly saint. Guess who's gonna need a hot new -- judge -- -- yet another singing competition show. Britney Spears as they should be made all the editors sixteen million dollars a year as the new judge on the X-Factor these are not a lot of incarnation they got rid of Paula -- they got rid of Nicole -- -- -- -- ", 'landed a role as a judge on "the  x factor ." But is the mature britney turning But britney spears\' stint on "the  x factor " may be one and done. Most people not comment on the rumors. But " x factor " representatives have denied the ', 'p.R. Wrecks. And she landed a role as a judge on "the x factor ." But is the mature britney turning into a problem of its own. There\'s reports that simon cowell thinks she\'s too boring and ', 'find the next big pop star. But britney spears\' stint on "the x factor " may be one and done. Most people won\'t like you. Reporter: "Us weekly" reports the singer is getting the boot from the ', 'She\'s been superb. Reporter: Spears would not comment on the rumors. But " x factor " representatives have denied the reports. Saying no one has discussed next year\'s judging panel yet. Any reports otherwise are complete speculation. But ', 'showbiz news, it looks like "x," marks the spot for justin bieber. He has signed on to be a celebrity mentor on "the  x - factor ." The biebs join a list of celebs that have signed up for the talent show, including rihanna and julio iglesias ', 'bieber. He has signed on to be a celebrity mentor on "the x-factor ." The biebs join a list of celebs that have signed up for the talent show, including rihanna and julio iglesias, and mariah ', 'toxic side when it comes to "the  x factor ." When it comes to her comments criticism on the new edition of "the  x factor ." Simon cowl actually called her grand b brand-new foodage from "the  x factor ." I want to know who let you on ', 'revealing a bit of her toxic side when it comes to "the x factor ." When it comes to her comments. Britney is not holding back from honest criticism on the new edition of "the x factor ." Simon cowl actually called her ruthless and say, britney\'s quite mean as you will suffer. Judge for yourself in this grand b brand-new foodage from "the x factor ." I want to know who let you on stage? Britney? Toxic was a dance, right? I sneak the puns in wherever I ', 'movies? I think it\'s funny when people ask this. " X - factor " takes up so much of the year, it doesn\'t leave me album. And I\'m going to continue to have fun on "the  x - factor ." And you\'re going to have fun tomorrow in central ', 'tv shows or movies? I think it\'s funny when people ask this. " X-factor " takes up so much of the year, it doesn\'t leave me time to shoot a movie. I\'m not going anything else. As of right now, I\'m singing the music fromy album. And I\'m going to continue to have fun on "the x-factor ." And you\'re going to have fun tomorrow in central park. Demi lovato, ladies and gentlemen. And "made in the usa" debuts today. ', 'here. Good to see you guys. First up, with a little "pop news." Britney spears created quite the circus on "the  x - factor ." Previous reports of spears walking offstage while filming are true. Spears had a panic attack. And told cowell ', 'a little "pop news." Britney spears created quite the circus on "the x-factor ." Previous reports of spears walking offstage while filming are true. Spears had a panic attack. And told cowell I\'m not sure i ', "I'm in hit show the  X - Factor  is coming to the United States today we thought we bring you. One called them to limited and said He was praying bay they in this year's  X - Factor  Chelsea.", "I'm in -- hit show the X-Factor is coming to the United States today we thought we bring you. One of the most memorable moments from the London version "]