['today when the  severe weather  threat is not at least 348  severe weather  reports with nebraska, a  tornado  crossed right and this  twister  in clay county highway. One  storm  chaser riding tornado  risk.  Severe weather  could happen ', "like this can become projectiles especially on days like today when the severe weather threat is not yet over. Reporter: This morning that all too familiar sound and a fresh image of a new crop of wicked weather tearing across america's heartland. Overnight, at least 348 severe weather reports with 24 tornadoes reported in 6 states. In york, nebraska, a tornado crossed right over this highway. Whitney holp stein capturing that same tornado while at a gas station. You can hear the warning sirens blaring. and this twister in clay county, nebraska, coming dangerously close to a highway. One storm chaser riding right up alongside it. In lotten, oklahoma, nearly 80-mile-per-hour wind gusts snapped this power pole sending it straight into this home. Dark storm clouds blanketing nearby oklahoma city and listen to this, three-inch-thick hail pounding this county overnight. Pounding rains smothering tulsa, oklahoma. At the ", 'rain so severe drivers had to pull over and wait out the storm in troy, new york. And just look at the torrential rain in syracuse, dark storm clouds captured by this rooftop camera. And look at the cover of "the oklahoman." Eyes on the heartland. Exactly what we will have today because there is a tornado risk. It does include this city and many others around it. I want to show you here from the southern parts of oklahoma and north texas all the way up there in that yellow area, so from lawton and tulsa, highest elevated tornado risk. Severe weather could happen anywhere from southern minnesota down to texas, big area that could see damaging hail, wind and an isolated tornado . ', "veteran  Storm  Chasers were killed by the  tornado  in Oklahoma. ABC's the violence El Reno  tornado . Tim was found seat from the car by the  twister . The Tim was known tornadoes inside the bigger  tornado  called suction seats ", "-- veteran Storm Chasers were killed by the tornado in Oklahoma. ABC's meteorologist ginger -- now tells us what she's learned about the loss of the man who -- her mentors. ", "young were chasing and among those killed in the violence El Reno tornado . Tim was found seat -- in the car the others apparently pulled from the car by the twister . The -- Tim was known as one of the most cautious in the business a published scientist who had been chasing storms for at least three delegates. To say -- work that Tim was doing helped us understand tornadoes is an understatement. He would deploy his creation called the -- -- in 2007. Storm chaser -- -- captured this stunning video in Ellis county Oklahoma. And right there. Those are essentially small tornadoes inside the bigger tornado called suction -- -- seats before this video scientists had suspected that they fit. But had no it's accurate. This helped explain why one house would be completely demolished in a tornado and the house next door totally fine. But there are -- that give these scientists -- that -- the Internet and Smartphones have created an explosion and Storm Chasers than we first. -- -- going out in the early ninety's. There were very very few groups out there by the time we got to say maybe for five years ago it was not uncommon at hundreds and hundreds of cars. They've been blamed for storm chasing traffic jams and unsafe conditions in the past. Officials say that may have been the case Friday night. There's -- no value in what they're doing. Other than for their own personal information. Real legitimate Storm Chasers like the late -- -- Maris they're dedicated to the science and study of tornadoes and learning more frequently fascinating phenomenon. I never asked that -- that I will never chasing storms now that probably won't happen. Much like a doctor uses a cadaver to learn and not just a textbook meteorologists use storm chasing to study the atmosphere now this I want to show -- is one of the more advanced storm chasing vehicles. Meant to be hit by debris. And it's got beat its -- by a group called TV and whether and they put the PVC pipes. These parents to probe they got up into the tornado measuring temperature dew point and pressure -- Thank you ginger and that was a tough weekend for you and your reporting is ", 'to the extreme  weather  battering much ginger zee with the  severe weather  ahead this work pictures tonight and a  tornado  caught on tape. Reporter: A  tornado  tearing across been more than 500  severe weather  reports since friday ', 'tonight, and to the extreme weather battering much of the nation tonight. From the heartland to new england. Abc meteorologist ginger zee with the severe weather ahead this work week, beginning with the pictures tonight and a tornado caught on tape. Reporter: A tornado tearing across the earth in western nebraska. Hail pounding the ground about three hours to the southeast. There have been more than 500 severe weather reports since friday. From the heaping hail on the roads in wyoming to hail as high as this water bottle in south ', "traveling by boat. And ginger is with us now. You were saying severe weather into tonight, not only for the heartland, but in new england, as well. Reporter: That's right. We've seen trees and power lines ", "weather  hitting so much of the country. Flood warnings We've got about a 40% chance from the  hurricane  system. Join me at the wall. The pulsating not developed into tropical strength of a  storm  and probably as they said 40% chance. Having ", "weather hitting so much of the country. Flood warnings across the midwest with towns on the mississippi dealing with breached levees and sam here with more on that. The tropics first, george. This is the pending situation. The one that we'll watch for development very quickly. We've got about a 40% chance from the hurricane system. Join me at the wall. The pulsating circle of concern showing you where those clouds are. A couple things I want to point out when we look at this system, not developed into tropical strength of a storm and probably as they said 40% chance. Having a problem with this dry air. If you cut this in half and notice ", "another day of  storm  sirens just National  Weather  Service. The  tornado  tore at twelve minutes of the  tornado 's passing level of  twister . Cutting National  Weather  Service says minutes. The  tornado  in these the sky the  severe weather  and action ", "The destruction is widespread. And devastating. Preliminarily classified as -- EF four tornado the second most powerful level of twister . Cutting -- -- -- miles wide and at least twelve miles long. -- National Weather Service says it may have been on the ground prison longest forty minutes. The tornado in these Oklahoma City suburbs just the latest assault to a region already reeling from a weekend of severe storms. Needed just portrait like a -- just run right does senator Evan. A local television helicopter capturing the pictures from up in the sky the severe weather and action below. Look closely and you can see the flashes as the power lines and transformers. Are ripped apart. Well there's a huge avalanche. Bright various it is just rip it up everything at its plant. It's the latest in a three day outbreak that has brought more than fifty tornadoes from Oklahoma all the way to Nebraska. -- my god. 6:30 PM. Just a violent tornado in this outbreak the massive twisters came one after another stop on the ground for miles. Dozens of Storm Chasers in pursuit. Brett get back here we got -- got the and if if -- an amendment. This was Sunday night in Shawnee Oklahoma. Listen as the sirens -- A warning to residents to take cover immediately. -- There was also advanced warning for the massive twister from him. Baltimore well. The National Weather Service says it was issued at 2:40 PM a full sixteen minutes before the storm actually touch the ground. A warning that no doubt help save lives. This part of Oklahoma is no stranger to deadly tornadoes. Downed trees and power lines blocked roads a roof was blown up -- school in May 1999. The town was hit. By twister that reach speeds of over 300 miles an hour the top of the scale an EF five some of the fastest winds ever recorded on earth. 36 people were killed. And the storm still ranks as one of the costliest in American history how long do you think you'll stay on the scene here in -- -- And this new round of deadly storms comes almost two years to the day that a 158. People were killed. In Joplin Missouri. Enough they'll help suction is pulling. Wednesday marks the two year anniversary of the storm that also left more than 1000 people injured. It's still ranks is the deadliest in modern US history. In America's heartland there will be more severe storms on Tuesday but -- Oklahoma tonight they're hoping they seen the worst of this year's outbreaks. In everything from happening. And you -- the treasure. Of the tornado . And everything. Going everywhere for Nightline I'm Sam Champion in Shawnee Oklahoma. Thanks to -- and coming up we'll check in with ", "have the  storm  just before the warm  weather  for others Ocean is an a  La Nina  condition California  weather  is like the things like  La Nina  and then extended  drought  but while it's warm  weather  that brought ", "We have the storm just before Thanksgiving. Another month later at Christmas. And since then nothing. For some people that's just fine deal like it would absorb us in the middle order. In wintertime yes pretty much into deep and alike Babbitt in January I can take it the prior week. While some enjoy the warm weather for others it's a concern. Rain through the holidays you know we were we have we were a little bit ahead of normal. Just a little bit for a little while and now we're just dropping back down below normal and it's looking like it's gonna be another dry year Josh Willis is a climatologist at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory. He says satellites and floating sensors clearly show the eastern Pacific Ocean is an a La Nina condition. The blue collar indicates cool ocean temperatures. Which translates into a warm dry winter for Southern California weather is like the big roulette table you know you never know where that ball's gonna land. But things like -- La Nina and then there's another big system in the Pacific Ocean called the Pacific decade colossal nation. These are pointing towards dry conditions inmate -- that roulette -- sort of toward the big Green zero. Which isn't good which isn't good for setting California that's right well assess the long range forecast shows continued dry conditions. That's bad news for firefighters now dealing with a year round fire season. And water officials already struggling with the effects of an extended drought but while they worry others say it's warm weather that brought them to California this is normal. This is is seems normal rain seems not normal. This is Jean Gleason reporting. ", 'This massive  storm  is also bringing the first big snow in the year to the northeast unnecessary smells good it felt heavy and wet is going to be around all day  winter storm  warning from Massachusetts. Upstate New York. The in the for the ', "This massive storm is also bringing the first big snow in the year to the northeast. And ABC's changes he is in Worcester mass and ", "severe weather  up and down the east coast. At least two the 1 24-hour period of more than 730  storm  reports. If you can find the worst damage few miles from the nation's capital,  tornado  warnings. Listen, as these people think ", 'severe weather up and down the east coast. At least two deaths so far. And, sam, this is a very, very serious line of ', "coming in of this  twister  in Texas some close with a  tornado  the they're in from the  storm  zone now. Unbelievable the biggest  severe weather  outbreak this there was this  tornado  in a limestone that EF four  tornado  winds over 200 ", "are bracing for possible twisters tonight new pictures coming in of this twister in Texas some real -- up close with a tornado the -- they're splitting off. And drifting to the ground and tonight there are many more ruling. ABC -- year old -- ginger -- reporting in from the storm zone now. Unbelievable. And -- -- need to be -- tornadoes -- across Texas guys leaving devastating damage. -- could be the biggest severe weather outbreak this year. Striking images from northern Alabama today. More than -- inches of driving rain has fallen so far leading crumbled flooded roads across the state. All of this after -- Crew limestone county Alabama. And there was this tornado in a limestone Texas. -- was one of ten reported yesterday. Only about ninety miles west of that devastation in grand vary from earlier this week where people are just now returning to what is left of their homes. After that EF four tornado winds over 200 miles prowler sliced their town killing six. -- the atmosphere is. Trying to look at this map tonight there is a threat anywhere from here in western Oklahoma up to Kansas and Nebraska public at large. Large hail damaging wind and tornado that the goes from Minnesota to Texas. And it's not just tonight it goes tomorrow and Monday to believe -- focused on ", "A massive  winter storm  marching across calendar the  weather  follows ingredients East Coast  snowstorm . Meteorologists say the same  storm  that battered caused some  coastal flooding  is well. And such an early  winter storm . The nation's ", "boots to go trick or treating. The doesn't follow the calendar the weather follows ingredients -- right now all the ingredients are available. For a major East Coast snowstorm . Meteorologists say the same storm that battered parts of Colorado and Wyoming this week and Amarillo Texas early this morning. Is now headed east where it's cold -- will collide with moisture coming up from the tropics. A classic nor'easter. Heavy rain. Perhaps sending us a little bit of snow along the I 95 -- or strong gusty winds that will really hit southern New England. And probably caused some coastal flooding is well. And on the backside of -- -- and that's what we're going to see -- heavy wet snow. All this in cities that aren't used to mobilizing for such an early winter storm . The nation's capital hasn't seen snow in October in more than three decades. If the white stuff sticks in New York City ", 'home extreme  weather  overnight every major  storm  just outside injuries.  Severe weather  also pounding and more  severe weather  is expected breaking  weather  news we are strengthening  storm  in the Pacific become a  hurricane  sometime ', "1 in the early morning news. Right back here at home extreme weather overnight nearly two dozen Boy Scouts in New England recovering from a lightning strike that strike in central New Hampshire -- three adults and 23 scouts to the hospital some as young. -- thirteen years old. It happens every major storm just outside of film. Lightning strike it can't bell officials say no one was hit directly by the lightning. Because everyone was huddled under shelter at the time they -- hit that -- -- -- -- hit the ground and travel through with a -- -- -- been anchored by the rope. I'm to a tree -- travel there's still many different ways when you get -- -- -- things can travel in all 23 scouts and three adults were hospitalized six of -- -- suffered burns to their chests but officials say no one suffered life threatening injuries. Severe weather also pounding the nation's midsection in Illinois -- high winds and torrential rains triggered mudslides. Downed trees and blew over vehicles on ", "town of Bosco -- -- already topping three million dollars and more severe weather is expected across the plains states and upper midwest today. And there is more breaking weather news we are keeping an I have a strengthening storm in the Pacific Ocean costs may expected to become a hurricane sometime today. Sustained winds right now up to 65 miles an hour the storm's biggest effect on land will be big waves they are considered life threatening in some areas. ", 'dangerously hot  weather  burning up the boston. This  heat wave  is causing the away to the  drought  story. The jump to the  drought . 80% of the the country at  drought  level. This back in regular  weather . 80% of the ', "Now, to the dangerously hot weather burning up the east. Temperatures from 100 degrees from washington to boston. This heat wave is causing the worst heat you and I have ever seen. We were talking about this a month ago. That the heat story would give away to the drought story. The data center came out with a new report yesterday. And look at how much of the country has drought . If you go to the places that don't have drought , it's the northwestern corner and northeastern corner and florida, that are getting rain. This dry zone in northern virginia will be the next level to jump to the drought . 80% of the country dry. In the report, we look at june, which came at 55% of the country at drought level. This is the driest time the COUNTRY EVER HAD, THE '30s. We know them as the dust bowl years. These are the cities that have the heat warnings, watches and advisories. Chicago goes to 100 degrees. It's probably your fifth day today at 100 degrees since we've been getting into the summertime numbers. We'll go over when the heat breaks for some woks and how long it stays when we come back in regular weather . 80% of the country in abnormally dry conditions. ", 'like clockwork the  tornado  warnings started gonna stay with this  storm  that should it become a  tornado . Already six reported more than a thousand  severe weather  reports. North side Mueller would carry a  tornado  warnings Larry look ', "into the -- area in Cushing area you'll need to take your tornado precautions immediately. Just like clockwork the tornado warnings started popping up this afternoon south and north of Oklahoma City and -- all around the chase. -- the wall cloud we've seen -- Lawler right here we're gonna get going and we're gonna stay with this storm that should it become a tornado . Already six reported tornadoes today -- client overnight. This one in York Nebraska caught on tape crossing over a highway that's still pretty good follower. After a slow start this week is the most active -- then all here. And since a week ago more than a thousand severe weather reports. North side salad it's just trying to Mueller would carry a tornado warnings Larry look these -- might seem like they're doing more damage than ever before. Part of it. Don't have cameras -- cell -- And more people live in tornado Alley look at this map those arrows are buildings damaged in the more tornados but if -- -- back in time. Those -- just didn't exist years ago it was lonely farms and fields. This is the closest the storm has then to becoming a tornado it's very well the circulation really tightening up and the threat not only tonight from here Oklahoma -- parts -- Missouri Arkansas ", 'mile wide  twister  which struck with more on  weather  nightmare down now one  storm  case there away from the  tornado  because it multiple vortex  tornado  are developing killed in the  twister . That hit some of this  weather  still blown ', 'huge huge highways here. And they were almost shut down now one storm case there and I know this guy Brandon Sullivan. He was trying to get away from the tornado because it was wobbling I was watching the radar very odd the way that it moved north and south southeast and northeast. ', "dangerous situation fortunately everybody inside that vehicle OK there were many other storm cases in the course got many pictures and video to. And it really gives an indication of what's happening you're seeing -- -- and TV and whether that comes their images. Multi vortex tornado here we -- seeing -- draft comes down draft comes out almost looks like sister tornadoes at times. But again what a ", "mother and the baby who you say were swept up in the storm where they. Did there it did they -- were they in a car accident what happened. What happened on that you -- they were traveling on interstate and their car. We're not -- -- that the tornado and neighbor they were not out of their vehicle. And and and problem from their vehicle and back on the troopers got ", 'gasps of  hurricane  isaac are tropical  storm  leslie is us at the  weather  center pennsylvania area.  Thunderstorm  warnings,  tornado  warnings cloud or a  tornado . Damage track the  hurricane  center has damage will be  coastal flooding , beach erosion ', "The last gasps of hurricane isaac are still causing so much havoc. And tropical storm leslie is a growing threat, as well. Sam has been tracking it all and has the very latest for us at the weather center. Good morning, sam. Good morning, elizabeth. And isaac, ten days after it started bringing rain to the coastline, we're still talking about its remnants. Look at the pictures out of the jersey/pennsylvania area. Thunderstorm warnings, tornado warnings, rolling through the area. There's likely inside that cloud, a funnel cloud or a tornado . Damage, plenty of damage. Trees down on cars. Power lines down. We have reports of power lines being ripped out of homes. That's exactly what you would expect as a tropical system starts to make its way east. There's a tornado over there. That's a tornado over there. Reporter: Just look at this dramatic video, shot on a cell phone by paramedic jeremy sutton last night in cherry hill, new jersey, in the height of the storm . It started to form. And it started to get windy. You felt that swirling wind. As it's starting to go, okay. We're ", "likely on its way to becoming a rrane. Here's the track the hurricane center has laid out for it. Look how close it comes to the u.S. Coastline. And it's likely the signature damage will be coastal flooding , beach erosion, and really rough surf, as it makes a path within 48 hours or a little bit more, right by the ", "this morning a  flash flood  watches across we've got. Not  tornado  watches what we've had severe  thunderstorm  watches and warnings this slow moving  storm  had any high for a southern  drought . Take a look checked the US  drought  monitor and the some of that in  drought  but the west ", "-- smaller -- the very get go home. As this slow moving storm had any high winds hit Arkansas to tearing down trees and damaging at least fifteen homes leaving hundreds without power but beneath this storm . Relief for a southern drought . Take a look at this Texas lake last October completely dry grass is even growing. This is the -- now up five feet from last year. We're hoping with all the -- that we receive cents December birth that we could have somewhere in -- for this summer. I just checked the US drought monitor and the eastern side of Texas is doing better still some of that in drought but the west side really need this type of -- exceptional drought still in place from west Texas to -- Oklahoma. ", 'on to a gathering  storm , this one named leslie, upgraded to a  hurricane . Bermuda in its remnants from the  storm  have now made their Reporter: Remnants of  hurricane  isaac are still Isaac has been a  tornado  maker since its dome of heat and  drought  are the reason ', "We move on to a gathering storm , this one named leslie, upgraded to a hurricane . Bermuda in its sights. It could arrive over the weekend, not expected to strike the u.S. Attacking winds of 100 pers hour. But as leslie builds it could pack winds up to 110 miles an hour. It's been a week since isaac made landfall in the gulf. Splitting in two, part of it headed south again. In fact, some of the remnants from the storm have now made their way back threatening to become a new tropical storm and the other parts of isaac causing something else tonight. Tornados in an unlikely place. Here's abc's weatheret tour sam champion. Reporter: Remnants of hurricane isaac are still dumping torrents of rain -- nine inches in just the past 24 hours in new jersey. And spawning twisters -- this is cell phone video of a funnel cloud forming in cherry hill, new jersey. Isaac has been a tornado maker since its landfall. This one in gulfport, mississippi. And has left a trail of twisters for dars as far north as arkansas, missouri and illinois. But even with all of isaac's action, it's been a surprisingly light summer for tornadoes. The national severe storms laboratory in norman, oklahoma now saying it's the quietest YEAR SINCE THE 1950s. And this summer's crippling dome of heat and drought are the reason. No rain means no storms, creating fewer tornadoes. That's why isaac, with its 47 tornados in nine states is ", 'they sought ref yunl from the  tornado  in a  storm  drain. The bodies of five other not an ideal place to be in a  tornado . The national  weather  service says you should only try to escape a  tornado  if you have several hours to ', "8-year-old daughter were washed away when they sought ref yunl from the tornado in a storm drain. The bodies of five other family members that were with them have been found already. I'm sad. My heart is broken. Reporter: More than 100 people injured and 13 killed as five twisters tore through oklahoma friday. Seven of those killed in their cars, many stuck in traffic as thousands tried to escape the storm The storm bringing a torrential downpour, creating this massive sink hole and flooding entire neighborhoods, leaving homeowners in tears and torn near downtown oklahoma ", "tropical  storm  barrels Sam training of  tornado  watches and become a  hurricane  but it did With near  hurricane  strength strong line of  thunderstorm  people at do have a  severe weather  warning and end of this  storm  five to ten excessive  drought  that they've ", "We begin with tropical storm barrels Sam Champion has been tracking the storm . And boy this is a real rainmaker it really has with the wind as well as the good morning everyone and we -- when America Russia is their beaches this was a dangerous Memorial Day weekend kind of killer and let's look and show you exactly what's going on -- -- think as we watch this giant spiraling storm movie and look at about 1210. Just four miles away from -- by the -- so this is a powerful storm . About twenty to 30000 people without power and multiple inches of rain and we also know that there are some powerful thunderstorms kicking off around this thing the radar will show you still look at the -- is initiating gold here and there rapping all the way around so we're looking for storms looking for training of tornado watches and warnings and -- and -- ginger -- is standing right in the middle of an on the beach Jacksonville beach -- as we like to call it. -- speech good morning ginger -- Good morning 7 good morning everyone Jack -- still hasn't wind gusts up to forty miles per -- at one point last night it was up to seventy miles per hours still. This whole thing did its best barrel at trying to become a hurricane but it did a great job at deleting. Half of Memorial Day weekend barrel hit hard overnight sweeping -- and lashing the coast of the -- -- and Georgia. With near hurricane strength winds and heavy grade. It's up to 45 AM and -- rain really starting to pick up again look whereas now we're just getting in the back side in the system. The heaviest rain going to move in now. Overnight reports of downed trees and power lines and more than -- 4000 homes are without collar. I'm encouraging -- area residents to stay indoors and off the streets. As storm hit. As the storm intensified Sunday the city of Jacksonville and surrounding counties declared states of emergency shutting down bridges. Canceling Memorial Day events and closing beaches yeah it was going to be this bad politics -- not so much dust -- it. -- -- Further north in Washington DC late Sunday a strong line of thunderstorm -- people at the national Memorial Day concert on the -- running for cover. We do have a severe weather warning and we ask that everybody leave in an orderly fashion. There is a huge positive at the end of this storm five to ten inches of rain and northeast Florida will put eight cents in the excessive drought that they've been enduring. -- that is good news and to thank you for that. ", "severe weather  on the move and caused by the  storm . So, we sent It's not just a  tornado . But the water of friday's  twister , the cleanup only beginning. The  tornado  tore down the illinois, a  storm  wiped out an ", "severe weather on the move and bringing flooding worries with it. It was last night, we showed you the giant sinkhole in oklahoma city, caused by the storm . So, we sent abc's alex perez out to find it today. And he's right there. Alex? Reporter: David, that sinkhole, another example of how dire the situation is here. Authorities are still trying to figure out the exact extent of the damage. Sucked down into the earth, this massive sinkhole, snarling traffic near downtown oklahoma city. Another consequence of those monster tornadoes and the torrential rains that came with it. It's not just a tornado . But the water, the rushing water is crazy, as well. Reporter: Oklahoma took a pounding. Tonight, emergency workers are still searching for the missing. It's been hard to handle, this magnitude of disaster throughout the state. Reporter:600 fema workers are on the ground in oklahoma, assessing the damage. In el reno, directly in the path of friday's twister , the cleanup only beginning. The tornado tore down the only home angela coble has ever known. I really loved my home. This house is 117 years old. I thought, we're okay. It's going to be fine. No. It's not. Reporter: Mother nature's rage is beinlt across the country. The violent winds ripped apart homes in the st. Louis area. And in gillespie, illinois, a storm wiped out an entire gymnasium, creating a terrifying sound many here say they will never forget. Like a bomb went off. Windows "]